please give by Nicole holofcener int . radiology office - day 1 close up on a large breast as it be maneuver into a mammogram machine . a pair of hand lift it , pull it and eventually squeeze into nothing more than a small tube of flesh as it 's press down by a sandwich of glass . angle on various shot of more breast , young and old , high and low , as they get they mammogram . int . radiology front office - day 2 patient flip through magazine , receptionist answer phone and make appointment . int . radiology hallway - day 3 women in paper robe , mostly over 50 , sit in chair that line the hallway , wait they turn . int . x- ray room - day 4 a anxious woman remove she robe to expose she small breast . the technician be rebecca , 28 year old and plain look . rebecca let 's do the leave first . Rebecca do she best to get the woman 's leave breast onto the plate of glass . the woman wince . rebecca I think I can get ... a little more . Rebecca close the machine on she tit and move to flip a switch . int . radiology front office - day 5 marissa and cathy , receptionist , do some filing . cathy I think they be at they peak this week - end . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 2 . marissa I can not go till the end of the month . cathy that 's too bad . they might be over by then . marissa I know . and New York magazine give a list where they be the best this year . Rebecca enter the front office . marissa Rebecca , you gonna see the leave ? Rebecca stare at she blankly . marissa the leave . upstate ? they change color ? int . prewar apartment - day 6 kate , 45 year old and attractive , be be lead through a enormous , dark apartment by a middle age man , adam . the place be fill with furniture from the 50' , along with a life time of memento and tchotchke . adam I apologize for the smell . we crack the window but it do not help . kate oh , it 's fine . adam my mother be always cold . most of the window be actually paint shut . ( more ) untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 2a . adam ( cont would ) ( point to the live room set ) this stuff all match . it 's the original upholstery , I be sure . pretty dreary . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 kate look around , blase about what she 's see . adam you do not buy the little stuff , right ? like jewelry and clothes ? kate we just buy furniture . sometimes artwork , pottery . adam it 's better to just get rid of it all at once like this , right ? I mean , it 's a bunch of junk and I be a busy person . kate oh , definitely . you do not want to have to worry about it . adam ( chuckle ) I will probably get rid of some priceless thing and not know it , right ? like this . he hold up a vase that 's decorate with gold leave . kate oh , I do not think you have to concern yourself with that . ( beat ) this be a beautiful place , though . you go to keep it ? adam na . I like the suburb . kate this kind of space in Manhattan be unreal . adam yeah , if you like Manhattan . int . apartment build elevator - day Rebecca , ( the mammographer ) get into the elevator with grocery . after a moment , kate get in as well , and they smile coldly to one another . the door close and they ride up . 3 . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 4. kate ( after a while ) weirdly hot today , huh ? rebecca I work inside . kate ( snap ) you have to go outside to get to work . and to leave work , right ? Rebecca shrug . kate how 's you grandmother ? rebecca ( point ) great . do really well . they both get out on the same floor . int . hallway - continuous 8 Rebecca walk to the leave to apartment 6a . kate walk to the right , to apartment 6b . int . apt . 6a / andra 's apartment - day 9 Rebecca unload grocery in andra 's prewar one bedroom apartment . the kitchen be original , tile be miss , plate be wash badly . the room smell of urine and medicine . andra , 90 year old , be sit at the small kitchen table . her face rest in its permanent frown as she hold she little bull dog lucky -- they expression sadly resembling one another 's . andra I do not know why you do not go to Associated . rebecca you do know . andra if it be you money you have walk the extra six block . rebecca it 's ten block . and no I would not . 10 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 andra when my foot get better I 'il do it myself . int . apt . 6b / kate and alex' apartment - day 10 a two bedroom apartment , bright and cluttere but stylishly decorate . kate be cooking dinner while she daughter ABBY , 15 , do homework at the table . Abby be in a awkward stage of development and have a bad case of acne . kate why do she hate we so much ? what do we do to she ? ABBY she see you , she see death . you be a vulture . kate we buy that apartment have no down side . her grandmother 's still live there , we be not hover . the only difference to she be that now she pay she rent to we instead of the sponsor . and we do not even raise it . ABBY you be a saint . kate ( beat ) maybe she 's mean because she have a prettier sister . ABBY Mom . kate I have see the older one . she 's kind of gorgeous in a low rent way . ABBY the young one be okay look . maybe she like how she look . kate I doubt it . it 's hard to have a prettier sister . 5 . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow kate it 's just so sad . ABBY what ? kate the old lady . andra . I mean , do she ever go outside ? ABBY what 's so fun outside ? kate the world ? life ? ABBY maybe she 's perfectly happy . kate that 's how you rationalize so you do not have to feel bad for she . ABBY why do I have to feel bad for she ? kate she 's a lonely old woman at the end of she life . ABBY that 's not my fault . alex , kate 's husband , come into the room sifting through 5/19/08 photo . he 's 42 and attractive despite a pot belly and unkempt hair . alex this table be incredibly rare . kate he have no idea . alex what about this chest of drawer ? be it sign ? 6 . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 kate and in perfect condition . alex what a score . you do good ! we be go to make a kill . he affectionately ruffle she hair . kate do not say that . alex but we be . ABBY Mom know you be . she just do not want it say . ( beat ) my zit medicine be not work . kate ( look closer ) you will not use what I tell you . ABBY it make it worse . kate you do not take my advice . ABBY so I deserve it ? kate I be try to help you . ABBY do not help I . 11 int . andra 's apartment - a little later 11 andra sit in a chair a few inch away from a old tv set as it 's blasting news . Rebecca sit at the dining table near the window put pill into a Daily pill organizer . rebecca ( shouting over the tv ) what shall we do for you birthday ? Mary and I will take you out . andra Mary ? 12 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 rebecca sure . she 's just be really busy . andra smirk . Rebecca glance out the window , a warm , fall breeze blow on she face . she see a small roof top party go on a few building away . the bbq send sweet smell into the sky , young people laugh and enjoy themselves . her face sadden as she return to separate pill . int . rebecca and mary apartment - night 12 Rebecca kick off she shoe as she collapse onto the couch . the apartment be small and dreary , short of a couple of generic poster and inexpensive attempt at cheerful decorate . rebecca why be it so hot ? Rebecca 's sister Mary , 33 , very pretty with a tense , turn down mouth , lean into the room hold up a freeze dinner - beef medallion . mary please tell I what a medallion be . rebecca when you win something . mary this look like - shit pellet . ( beat ) you want one ? rebecca sure . thanks . Mary retreat into the kitchen and Rebecca pick up a in touch magazine . mary ( 0.s. ) you would not believe what she be wear today . Rebecca roll she eye . mary ( 0.s . ) this backless dress and man , she have a big back . not attractive . ( more ) 8 . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 9. mary ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) not the kind of back that can carry off that kind of dress , you know what I mean ? why do not people look in the mirror ? ( beat ) like a dude . you know ? rebecca it 's weird , the way you watch she . mary I do not watch she . I walk by . rebecca ( beat ) we gotta do something for grandma 's birthday . mary when be she gonna croak ? rebecca what if somebody say something like that about you ? mary they probably already have . rebecca I be gonna buy she a nightgown . mary how much ? rebecca I do not know . she 's get a ratty old thing . mary I nil write you a check . rebecca you know the neighbor ? they look at I like , be she dead yet ? 13 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 10 . mary why should not they ? rebecca because it 's wrong . mary you think that if they do not buy she apartment she would not die ? what 's the difference . int . modern age - a loft like store modern furniture . two male shopper day 13 on tenth avenue fill with mid century try out a long , thin sofa . male shopper 1 feel this texture . nubby but soft . male shopper 2 yeah , but it 's not comfortable . male shopper 1 it 's nice . male shopper 2 it 's not , it 's too shallow or something . male shopper 1 well , you do not have to converse with it . male shopper 2 very funny . Alex come up . alex beautiful , be not it ? male shopper 1 gorgeous . alex and comfortable . it 's actually ten foot long . male shopper 2 how much . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 11 . Alex go across the large room to the desk area where kate be work and look in a binder for the price . kate glance at the couch the guy be sit on . kate what 's wrong with that piece ? alex ( quietly ) it 's not comfortable . kate we should take it off the floor . alex ( to shouting to man 2 ) it 's very comfortable . kate why do you do that ? alex he might think it 's comfortable . kate that 's not possible . alex you do not know that . she watch Alex return to the shopper and tell they the price . by they body language , she can tell they do not want the couch . she 's vindicate . Abby enter from the street and flop down on a womb like chair . she 's get a enormous backpack . ABBY I see this jeans I want . kate what for ? ABBY cute . alex how much ? ABBY two . kate you want two hundred dollar jeans . 14 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 12. ABBY that 's what you spend . kate I be a grow up . ABBY that make no sense . it 's what jeans cost . kate I be not spend two hundred dollar on a pair of jeans for my teenage daughter when there 's forty five homeless people on we street . ABBY what do that have to do with anything ? they do not want jeans . Alex come up to Abby and kiss she . alex hi , honey . you look pretty . ABBY right . int . radiology front office - day 14 Rebecca be filing while doctor lerner ( 40 ) , and the receptionist chat . dr . lerner my wife and I drive up to woodstock . cathy be they gorgeous ? dr . lerner oh , incredible . the kid do not care but we love it . ( beat ) Rebecca , you go to see the leave ? rebecca no ... DR. lerner you should . they be spectacular . and they be just about to end . 15 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 13 . rebecca okay . dr . lerner really . not to be miss . blush , Rebecca take a file and walk away . dr . lerner next time I 'il invite you to come with we . rebecca ( shy ) great , thanks . int . coffee shop - night 15 Rebecca sit opposite a guy , 30 year old . he 's very clean cut and dress formally . he refer to a print out piece of paper as he occasionally look up at Rebecca . guy so it say here you grow up in New York . rebecca yes , in the village . guy do you think that 's good , to grow up in the city ? rebecca I do . I mean , I see a lot of thing I probably should not have see , but it get I to grow up fast . I be really independent . which in some way be good . guy I think it 's a awful place to raise kid . it 's filthy , crime ride , noisy . and it 's only get worse . rebecca uh huh . well , that 's true too . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 14 . 16 int . kate guy ( back to paper ) funny , you say - you know , in you questionnaire , that you have dark brown hair . ( beat ) it 's really kind of light brown . rebecca really . I think it 's dark . guy I would not call it dark . it 's more ash . rebecca but it 's brown . I mean , I do not lie . guy ( insist ) but it 's not dark brown . rebecca it be . and alex 's bedroom - night 16 Alex be in bed watch access hollywood , listen to a story about Nicole ritchie . kate climb in with a book . she turn kate be you attract to she ? ( beat ) humor I . alex she exist purely for people like I to fantasize about . except I think she 's go to hit the wall early . to he . kate hit the wall . alex she 's not gonna look good when she get older . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 14 o. kate you mean , when she 's like twenty seven . alex more like thirty . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 15 . kate ( open she book ) that 's nice . alex artie throw something at he new assistant . kate ohmygod . I think my ovary fall out ! alex Howard be really mad but artie be in anger management so he 's give he another chance . ( beat ) it be very entertaining . kate ( turn to he ) you know you use to read book . ( beat ) well , magazine . alex do not wreck my fun . kate I will not . alex good . kate do not wreck my fun . ( beat ) I do not have any fun . alex none ? kate will you rub my foot ? he pull she foot onto he lap and rub they . she close she eye . 17 18 19 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 16 . he look at she toe . alex when do you foot get all mangle together ? one toe be actually go horizontal . ( to the toe ) you be go the wrong way , little buddy . go up ! kate ow . int . kate and alex 's bedroom - night 17 Alex be sleep , but kate can not . she climb out of bed . int . kate and alex' dine room - night 18 in she pajamas , kate be surfing the internet . she type in volunteer opportunity and a long list come up . she read the different situation , each sadder than the next ( ie : be a mentor to at - risk teens , read to the blind , feed quadriplegics at the VA , etc ) . int . x- ray room - day 19 Rebecca be give a old woman , mrs . portman , a mammogram . mrs . portman I let my hair go grey when I be forty . why fake it . rebecca people say it make you look older . mrs . portman that 's probably true . I do not like the idea of chemical on my head . and I do not like that color everyone end up with . menopausal brown , I use to call it . rebecca I think I know what you be talk about . that 's what my grandma have . mrs . portman how old be she ? untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 16a . rebecca she 's go to be ninety one this week . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 17 . 20 int . waiting room - day 20 Mrs. portman , now dress in she regular clothes , come into the wait room with Rebecca . mrs . portman Eugene . Mrs. portman 's grandson eugene , smile when he see she . he be 35 and impossibly handsome . mrs . portman Eugene , honey . this be Rebecca . Eugene reach out and shake Rebecca 's hand . she 's shy , dumbstruck by he good look . mrs . portman Rebecca , this be my grandson . a angel . Eugene stand up , revealing himself to be fairly short . eugene hi . rebecca hi. eugene do you see it ? rebecca what ? eugene my halo . rebecca ( smile ) Nice meeting you . eugene you , too . Rebecca turn around and go back into the office . 21 int . rebecca and mary apartment / kitchen - night 21 Mary be put two freeze dinner into the microwave . Rebecca be get out silverware . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 18 . rebecca you should cook they separately . mary same difference . rebecca I think it take longer . mary this be a fascinating conversation . rebecca ( look at Mary 's skin ) you laid out today . mary Booth . rebecca it 's so bad for you . you of all people should know . mary I be very careful . it 's better than the natural ray . ( beat ) you could use some color . rebecca I do not want cancer . mary blush do not cause cancer . rebecca actually - mary what. rebecca there 's talc . and paraben . mary oh , come on . 22 ext . apt . 6a / andra 's apartment - night 22 Alex be knock on andra 's door . kate be beside he , put a leash on they dog . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 19 . alex andra ! it 's Alex and kate ! andra ( 0.s. ) who be it ? alex it 's Alex ! from next door ! we be go to the drug store , I want to know - the door swing open . andra , in she rip and fade robe , hair askew , look at he . alex we be go to the store . do you need anything ? andra walk away . in a moment she return with a list . alex ( look it over ) okay . you get it . andra I hope you be not go to Windsor . they be crook . alex duane reade . andra what ? alex duane reade . andra stare at he . andra you gain weight . alex pardon I ? andra ( shouting as if he be deaf ) Excuse I for say . you be a very large man . kate chuckle . 23 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 alex thanks ! andra what ? ext . STREET - night Alex and kate walk . he look at andra 's list . alex look at what she need just to take a crap . ( beat , pleased ) good . kate ( glance at it ) why do all old lady write the same ? ( beat ) I be go to write that way . alex she have all this hair on she chin . thick black one . in she nose , too . kate she probably can not see they . ( beat ) why be you look at I like that ? alex like what . kate ( resolve ) yes , I be probably go to have black hair on my chin . I already do , you know . what be you so afraid of ? alex everything get hairy and turn the wrong way . kate you be gonna get hairy and turn the wrong way . you already be . 20 . 23 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 21 . alex at least you be not large . kate I think she 's turn ninety one . alex unbelievable . who would have think . kate we should have buy that apartment downstairs . I think that guy die last week . alex who ? kate the guy right below we . Martin something . alex that asshole ? ( beat ) no , the whole two story thing would have be too much money . they pass a transvestite homeless person sit against a building . she 's apply lipstick ( badly ) . kate stop , pull a buck out of she pocket and hand it to she . transvestite thank you , Jamie . kate you be welcome . alex ( confuse ) who 's Jamie ? 24 int . duane reade drugstore - night 24 Alex be put the item for andra in a basket . kate be look at thing on the shelf when she see something that stop she . it 's Abby , listen to she ipod , unaware that they be there . she 's stare intently at the maybelline make - up on the wall . 25 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 22. kate Alex . she wave he over and he see Abby . they both watch she choose some foundation , then put it back . she take a eye pencil and examine its color . that too , she put back . kate and Alex stare as if watch something very separate from themselves , and at the same time , excruciatingly close . they be almost in a trance . kate she 's real . alex I know . int . modern age - day 25 kate direct two guy to move furniture around the store . we recognize some of the piece from the apartment in the beginning . kate be hold the vase with the gold leave on it . kate let 's put that chair by the window . God , that 's gorgeous ! I do not even want to sell it ! ( beat ) great . let 's get the dining room table and put it over there . we 'il have to move that chair around . Alex come out of the back and approach kate , notice the vase . alex what 's that ? kate not sure . he look at the furniture be move around . alex they be pretty nice . kate I think she keep plastic on they for fifty year . they should be in a museum ! 26 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 23. alex what should we ask for the sofa ? five thousand ? kate more . maybe seven . ( beat , excited ) I feel guilty ! alex what 's this ? there 's a gift basket by the desk , fill with bath and beauty product . kate I get it for andra . I think maybe we could have she over for dinner . I think it 's she birthday in a couple of day . alex you be joke . kate no . and invite she miserable granddaughter . s. alex sound fun . kate I do not like have bad vibe right next door . you know ? alex hey . I hear the guy below we have some nice stuff . kate turn to he , excited . int . dead guy apartment —- continuous 26 a gloomy place fill with newspaper and medicine bottle and amazing vintage furniture . the dead guy 's daughter , erin , 50 , show Alex and kate around . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 24 . alex I hope you do not mind the super give we you number . erin I do not know if you be gonna want any of we thing , though . alex I be sorry about you father . erin he be really sick . he be old . kate ( look around ) I think there be some piece we could use . erin yeah ? huh . it 's so old fashioned , I do not think anybody want this stuff anymore . this be my dad . I guess you know he . she point to a old black and white photo of a handsome young man stand in front of he car . kate he be such a nice man . ( beat ) so , what 's go to happen to the apartment ? erin oh . the neighbor - ( she point to the wall ) they buy it . they be gonna make a bigger place , I guess . they be probably celebrate over there . kate oh , no. ( beat ) what do they pay ? alex kate . kate I be sorry . that be really rude ! awkward smile . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 25 . 27 int . restaurant - night 27 Alex and kate , along with Abby , be finish they dinner . alex do you know he use to throw away we mail if it be put in he box by mistake . kate ( appal ) and he know who we be ? alex totally . ( beat ) that 's where all my magazine go . see ? it 's he fault I watch tv ! kate well , now he 's dead so you can start read again . alex thank god ! ABBY he be mean to pickle . she always lick he foot . he wear that sandal . kate they must have be sweaty . ABBY barf . alex I wish you grandpa be alive to hang out with you like that . he gesture to a man with a little boy at a nearby table . kate I think that 's he dad . alex ( quietly ) no , he 's old . kate you be old . 28 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 25a . alex I look like that ? kate shrug . he look at Abby . alex I look like that ? ABBY like what ? kate stop a waiter . kate Excuse I , could I take this home ? she gesture to she uneaten food and he take the plate away . kate ( beat , to Abby ) that 's I you be kick , you know . ext . restaurant - night 28 kate , Alex and Abby exit the restaurant , kate hold she doggie bag . as they walk down the street , they pass a older black man stand in front of a different restaurant . kate Sir ? he turn to look at she . kate be you hungry ? would you like this ? untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 26 . she offer he she doggie bag . the man glare at she , appal . black man I be wait for a table . Alex , Abby and kate be mortify . kate oh , my god , of course you be ! I be so sorry ! please forgive I ! Alex clenches he jaw as he lead she away . Abby pretend she do not know they . alex be you out of you mind ? kate he look homeless ! alex he look like a black man wait for a table ! 29 omitted 29 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 27 . int . apartment build hallway - morning 30 Abby be wait at the elevator when Rebecca come out of andra 's place with a laundry basket . rebecca hey . ABBY you do you grandma 's laundry . rebecca yup. ABBY be it gross ? rebecca what do you mean ? ABBY Old lady underwear . rebecca I do not really look . ABBY good idea . they wait . ABBY I hear you guy be come over later . rebecca yup. ABBY ( not cool ) cool. rebecca yeah . the elevator arrive and they get in . 31 32 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 28. int . elevator —- continuous 31 they ride in silence . on another floor , a friendly man get in . friendly man hi , gal . gorgeous day . go to see the leave ! the girl smile . when they get to the lobby he race out . they slowly follow . friendly man have a great day ! Rebecca turn to Abby . ABBY the leave ! what be with this people ? rebecca I know ! ABBY who give a shit ? rebecca I do not . ABBY really . they head out of the building . rebecca see you . ABBY see you . int . high end clothing store - day 32 Abby shop for jeans . she check the price tag , all the jeans be over two hundred dollar . she hold a pair up to she body and they be obviously too small . in fact , everything and everyone in this store be too small . she catch she reflection in the mirror , notice a zit start to appear on the tip of she nose . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 28a . salesgirl ( 0.s. ) ( snooty ) can I help you ? startle , Abby turn and head out of the store . 33 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 29 . ABBY you should not charge so much for jeans . salesgirl ( under she breath ) then maybe you should not shop in here . int . apt . 6a / andra 's apartment - night 33 andra be tie she old shoe with some difficulty . rebecca ( take over ) I will do it . andra ( annoyed ) when I get my eye fix I will be able to do it myself . we hear bang cabinet in the kitchen . mary ( 0.s. ) grandma ! you do not have anything to drink in this place ! andra who 's talk ? rebecca Mary . she 's look for alcohol . mary ( 0.s. ) ( mutter ) this place be filthy . rebecca ( shouting ) I clean it . Mary come out of the kitchen with a bulg , unopen can of grapefruit juice . mary this have botulism . Rebecca and andra look at she blankly . Mary replace it in the kitchen and then return . mary why exactly be we go there ? untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 rebecca so they can poison grandma and demolish she apartment . mary then let 's make it fast . Rebecca hand andra a wrap box . andra what 's this ? rebecca it 's a tuna , grandma . what do you think ? happy birthday . she open the box and lift up a pink satin nightgown with lace and pearl . andra too fancy . rebecca do you like it ? andra what be I go to do with this ? rebecca you sleep in it . mary say '' thank you , '' grandma . andra put it back in the box . andra I do . mary no , actually . you do not . 30 . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 31 . rebecca I just think since yours be so old . andra I will save it for a special occasion . mary ( amused ) and what special occasion might that be , andra ? andra it 's too nice to sleep in . that 's all . you probably spend too much . rebecca you deserve to sleep in something nice . andra ( close the box ) it 's too nice . 34 int . kate and alex 's apartment - night 34 Rebecca , Mary and andra be enter the place . kate we be pretty cramped here , but welcome ! ( beat ) happy birthday , andra ! andra look around . andra ( whisper loudly to Mary ) what 's that smell ? mary grandma . Jesus . andra ( loud whisper ) I smell something burnt . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 32 . mary you know everyone can hear you . ( to kate ) sorry . she 's rude . you should smell she place ! andra my place do not smell . mary oh , right , piss and mold have no odor , what be I think ? rebecca Mary . kate no worry . everyone , come sit down . anybody like some wine ? mary oh. would you have any bourbon ? Rebecca glare at she . mary what ? alex ( come from kitchen ) I think we do have bourbon . hi. ( to Mary ) I be Alex . mary Mary . Nice to meet you . alex ( find the bourbon ) where would you get that tan ? mary ( pleased ) oh , you know . rebecca she lie on a tanning bed . mary I go to the sheep meadow . rebecca she lie on a tanning bed . 35 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 33 . mary and I go to the sheep meadow . alex either way , look good ! mary ( glaring at Rebecca ) thank you . int . apt . hallway - later on 35 kate be knock on Abby 's bedroom door . no response . she enter to find Abby on she bed listen to she i-pod . kate take that off . annoy , she do . kate why be you in here ? Abby point to the big red zit on she nose . kate I do not understand . ABBY I be not go out there with this thing on my nose . kate do not be ridiculous . you can not even see it . ABBY see it ? it 's swallow my whole face ! how can you not see it ? kate I tell you to stop eat french fries and greasy crap . ABBY it make no difference . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 34 . kate please come out and join we . you look fine . 36 int . dine room - later 36 everyone ( except Abby ) be sit at the table eat . Mary be a little buzze , so be Alex . mary I mean , if she be young than I , actually , I think she be young than I , but if she be prettier than I I have understand . but she 's not , and she 's get this tan - totally spray on - I would know . the worst part be she back , though . kate ( try ) be you still in love with he ? andra he break up with she . mary that 's not how it go down . alex what 's wrong with she back ? mary it 's muscular . all build up . and she wear this skimpy top . alex that 's not good . mary no , right ? Big back be not good . rebecca enough about she back . kate I do not understand . when do you see she ? rebecca she work in a store near where Mary work . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 35 . kate oh . what do you do ? mary I work in a spa . downtown . you know face Works ? I do facial there . kate oh , cool . and what about you , Rebecca ? what do you do ? rebecca I administer mammogram . I 'ma radiology technician . kate I have no idea . be that interesting ? mary if you like boob it be ! rebecca you pop blackhead for a live . ( beat , to kate ) it be interesting . I like the people . you know , the patient . mary ( under she breath ) crush on the boss . Rebecca shoot a look at Mary . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 36 . Abby enter with a pair of underwear over she head . alex Abby what be you do ? kate she 's cover a zit you can not even see . Abby , take they off , that 's disgusting . andra ( be : Abby ) who be that ? be that funny ? mary ( to Abby ) you should come to the spa . facial really help . let see it . Abby shake she head no . mary come on , I have see it all . slowly Abby remove the underwear . mary whoa . that 's a big one ! ABBY really ? rebecca she 's drunk . mary and on you nose . it 's almost cystic . horrible . rebecca Mary ! ABBY no , I have rather someone admit it . at least then I do not feel crazy . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 37 . mary I know exactly what you be say . half the time I do feel crazy . ABBY nobody ever say the truth . mary they should . if you get a sucky haircut , people should admit it . if some doctor procedure be go to hurt , they should say it 's go to hurt . it make you feel worse if they lie . ABBY I hate it when people do not say bless you . mary you know what I hate ? when you be in like , a store , and you hold the door for the person behind you but then they do not hold the door for the person behind they ? and you be stand there like a fuck doorman ! ABBY and they do not say thank you ! mary of course not ! ' Cause you be not there ! and at that she open she purse , pull out a lip gloss and aggressively apply it . mary Jesus , sometimes I swear I must be invisible . she hand the lip gloss to Abby , who take it , flatter . kate ( less in awe ) anyone for coffee ? 37 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 38 . int . live room - later on 37 andra , Rebecca and Mary be sit on the couch drink coffee and eat cookie . Mary be drink another bourbon . Alex , kate and Abby be sit across from they . alex I guess we give about two hundred for Christmas . andra I give he nothing . rebecca that 's why he will not fix anything for you . andra if he fix something I would give he money . kate you know he have like twelve child . andra nobody tell he to do that . kate they be totally poor . they live in that one bedroom . his wife be ina wheelchair - I think . rebecca I have never see she ina wheelchair . kate I be pretty sure . I do not see she often , though . kate get up and go into the kitchen . andra so how do they make so many child . mary people can fuck in a wheelchair , grandma . ( to Alex ) can not they ? untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 39 . alex ( laugh ) why be you look at I ? andra he 's a crook and a slime . mary ( to Alex ) Ie : he 's Puerto rican . just then kate come out of the kitchen with a birthday cake . she sing alone , briefly . kate happy birthday to you ... andra blow out the two candle as the cake be place in front of she . mary ( meaning it ) you be too nice . kate cut the cake and distribute it . Alex reach around the chair and present andra with the basket full of bath and beauty product . alex this be for you . mary wow . that be some nice product ! kate people do not spoil themselves enough , right ? andra remove one of the bottle , unable to figure out exactly what it do . she put it down . andra I use olay / pond . alt : I can not use this . Mary grab the bottle . mary I will take it ! rebecca you will not . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 39a . mary why. untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow rebecca ( to kate ) she love it . she just do not know how to use they yet . pause in the room . mary ( beat ) so , what be you guy gonna do to grandma 's apartment ? you be gonna break through and make this place bigger ? what , like the live room ? 5/19/08 40 . everyone freeze , not sure this be kosher to talk about . alex we have be want to redo the whole place anyway . you know , the kitchen . we could use another bathroom . andra you be go to have to change the tile in there . they be cover in mold . I have re-tile the whole thing . mary I be sure they be gonna gut it , grandma . and you 's 1ll be dead , you will not have to worry about it . Rebecca look down , painfully uncomfortable that everyone be talk about this . kate yeah , we will probably gut everything . ABBY like a fish . mary what else , another bedroom ? rebecca Mary . mary what ? Rebecca look at andra , then back at Mary . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 40a . mary grandma , can they show we what they be go to do ? 38 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 41 . andra ignore she , seemingly not interested , just eat cake . kate well , if you want to see . kate get up and walk to the other side of the room , explain . kate ( enthusiastically ) well , we will make a proper dining room in there , and break through the wall - this area will be a little laundry room . mary oh , that 'il be great . Laundry in this city be such a drag . Abby and Rebecca exchange a uncomfortable look . kate and then past it will be we bedroom . mary oh , so you will take grandma 's live room and kitchen and make it a bedroom . kate exactly , with real closet . and a master bath ! mary it 's gonna be gorgeous . kate I know , I can not wait . alex of course we can wait . there 's no hurry . we be fine ! andra sit there , not really listen , and not yet a ghost . ( andra actually fade away ) . int . elevator - night 38 Mary and Rebecca enter the elevator and head down . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 42 . mary I be not drunk . rebecca you be always drunk . you flirt . mary you do not even know what flirt be . rebecca you be a alcoholic . mary why do you run around tell people I use a tanning bed ? that 's private ! rebecca because you lie . ( amusing herself ) on a tanning bed . mary so what ? it 's not hurt anyone ! rebecca you be mean to grandma ! mary she 's a bitch ! 39 int . kate and alex' apartment / bathroom - night 39 Alex and kate brush and floss . alex how do people fuck in a wheelchair ? kate I guess they go on the bed . even if she leg do not work the middle half might , I guess . ( beat ) she 's kind of worse than I think . alex you do not even know the super 's wife ! kate andra . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 43 . alex awful . kate it make I feel bad for Rebecca . alex it make I feel less guilty wait for she to die . kate wanting she to die . alex ( laugh ) shit ! kate can not we just put a pillow over she head and be do with it ? Alex head into the bedroom . kate hey . you be flirt with the sister . alex ( beat ) I know . I have no idea why . Alex turn on the tv and flip until he land on a entertainment news show . kate ( to herself ) because she 's pretty and young . 40 int . ABBY 's bedroom - night 40 Abby sit at she desk pour over a web site of expensive jeans . she 's also inhale a enormous piece of birthday cake . kate enter and be about to say something but Abby glare at she , try to hide the cake . ABBY get out !! startle and hurt , kate back out and shut the door . 4l 42 43 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 int . hallway - continuous between Abby 's bedroom and she own , kate pause in the hallway and lean against the wall . int . build hallway - night andra come out of she apartment in she nightgown and slipper hold the big basket of bath product . she shuffles over to the garbage chute and dump all of the 44 , 41 42 product into it , even the basket . then she shuffles back to she apartment and slam the door behind she . int . modern age - day 43 kate be on the computer , look up the history of a table . beside she be the actual table . Alex be polish another piece of furniture nearby . kate another dealer have this and it 's go for three thousand . alex great . kate look at he , thrilled and guilty . alex what do you pay for it ? kate I pay four thousand for the whole apartment . alex they have no idea ? kate the guy do not want to be bother . alex then do not worry about it . kate look over at two shopper , a mother and daughter . kate let I know if I can help you . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 45 . mother shopper thank you . kate ( to Alex ) why do you feel so okay about it ? alex ( think ) because it 's okay . angle on the shopping customer . daughter shopper I love this stuff . I wish I could afford it . this thing would look so good in my live room . mother shopper I remember when it be in style the first time . daughter shopper really ? mother shopper I do not like it then . I still do not like it . ( to kate ) how much be this ? daughter shopper ( whisper ) why do you care ? you just say you do not like it . mother shopper ( whisper ) I want to know what they be ask . daughter shopper it 's go to be a lot . kate that 's fourteen hundred . the daughter give she mother a '' I tell you so , '' glance . Alex catch he reflection in a mirror that 's on a dresser . he examine he appearance , look at he skin . a + % untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 45a . 44 int . x- ray room - day 44 Rebecca be do another mammogram on Mrs. portman , the old woman who be there before . mrs . portman they do not get a good picture or something . 45 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 46 . rebecca that happen sometimes . do not mean anything . mrs . portman maybe something 's wrong . rebecca not necessarily . mrs . portman I feel bad make my grandson schlep I back here . he 's a busy person . ( beat ) but single . never have a girlfriend , I do not know why . he 's so handsome . have no idea . and he 's not gay , because I ask he . ( beat ) you have a guy ? rebecca I be try . mrs . portman you should not have to try . rebecca I go on a couple of computer date . mrs . portman oh , that must be awful . rebecca it be . ( beat ) what color would you say my hair be ? mrs . portman Brown . Nice , dark brown . int . face work waiting room - day 45 spa lady wait for they appointment as they read fashion magazine , sip on green tea and listen to new age music . through the glass store front , we see alex . he check the name of the place , and enter , nervously look around . he approach the well - groom male receptionist , tommy . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 46a . tommy ( not relaxed ) welcome to face Works ! 46 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 47 . alex yes , um , I have a appointment with Mary ? tommy okay , let I see ... just then a side door open and Mary appear , say good bye to a client . tommy and look at the timing ! Mary , you three o'clock be here ! she smile at he , flatter and surprised to see he . int . face work spa / mary treatment room - day 46 Alex lie on a treatment table while Mary examine he skin under a bright light and magnifier . he 's wear little black eye cup . alex I figure if Howard stern can get facial , so can I . mary right ?! you know he have he nose do . alex cheek too . ( beat ) the guy 's never gonna hit the wall . mary I know . I love Howard . alex he 's the best . artie kill I . mary I wish I could play he all day but I have to play this new age shit . it make I want to kill myself . alex I mean , what guy admit he 's get a small dick , right ? how cool be that ? Mary chuckle . awkward pause . Alex instantly regret say this . she pull the steam machine over and turn it on . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 48 . as it blow on Alex 's face , Mary caress he cheek , look for blemish . mary you have get nice skin . alex I be cover in acne when I be a kid . my poor daughter have zit cuz of I . I guess it 's hereditary . mary do not blame yourself ! anyway , you have never know you have bad skin . you do not have any scar . ( beat ) we will let the steam open you pore . she stand up and come around to massage one of he hand with cream . alex ( flinching ) oh - mary it 's part of the european facial . shoulder massage , hand massage . do you want it ? alex sure . as Mary massage he finger there 's a silence that ordinarily could seem normal , but here and now , be fill with tension . as Mary massage he hand , he start to massage hers back . she 's confuse . maybe he do not even know he 's do it . then , he gently pull she closer to he . she 's not sure if this be on purpose or not . he pull again . she look at he but he 's wear that little eye cup so she can not read he expression . this go on for a while until he pull she even closer , make he intention unmistakable . her body be now up against the table as Alex reach for she . he sit up , lose he eye cup , and suddenly they be kissing . after a moment , they break apart and Mary fumble for the eye cup on the floor . 47 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 49 . mary ( beat ) I do not know you be go to do that . alex I do not either . they look at each other . mary do you still want a facial ? int . modern age - day 47 picture of dark skinned child with harelip cover the computer screen . kate be look at a adoption web site . male shopper Excuse I ? can you help I - she shoot up . kate of course . the man be look at the expensive table kate be just research earlier . kate be not it beautiful ? perfect condition . male shopper what be you ask ? kate ( beat ) thirty five hundred . the young man consider this . male shopper how about three thousand . kate ( beat ) sound good . kate go to the computer to type in he purchase . she delete the harelip child and bring up a invoice form . 48 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 50 . Abby come in and flop down , dump she backpack . ABBY you promise today . kate what do I promise ? ABBY jeans . kate no fight . ABBY no fight . he reach for the vase with the gold leave . man where do you find this ? kate why ? man really unusual color . rare . he examine it and then put it down . int . radiology office - day 48 the receptionist chat around the filing cabinet while Rebecca file . eugene ( 0.s. ) Excuse I ? all three woman turn around , but he 's look at Rebecca . she go to the counter where he 's stand . marissa and Cathy can not help notice how handsome he be . eugene do you know if everything be all right ? with my grandmother ? rebecca you 'il have to talk to the doctor . he probably see something and want to make sure it 's nothing . she 's have a ultra sound right now . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 51 . eugene ( beat ) Rebecca , right ? rebecca right . eugene Eugene . rebecca hi. he sit back down and Rebecca go back to the file . 49 ext . STREET - day 49 Abby and kate walk down the street . ABBY they will not fit good . they jeans suck . kate fit well . let 's just try . ABBY you will see . they pass a homeless man . kate hi . how be you ? kate reach into she pocket and give the homeless man a five dollar bill . they walk on . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 52 . ABBY ( beat ) you never give I five dollar . kate I do , too. ( snap ) and do you live on a sidewalk ? ABBY ( ashamed ) sorry . what do you think he spend it on ? kate booze . drug . ABBY you think that 's okay ? kate who be I to say what get he through the night ? ABBY I do not know . maybe it 's not help he . kate it 's not hurt he . he be who he be . 50 int . radiology office / reception - day 50 Rebecca and Eugene chat while Mrs. portman pay the bill . rebecca she 's terrific , you grandmother . eugene she be . ( beat ) she 's pretty obvious , too . she want I to ask you out . rebecca ( beat ) oh. 51 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 53 . eugene no , I mean , I want to . Long pause . Way too long . eugene would you like to go out with I ? rebecca ( pleased ) um , sure . yes . int . gap - day 51 kate be lean against the wall in the hallway of the dress room area . she 's tired . Abby emerge from the messy dress room with a pair of tight jeans on . she reluctantly pose for kate . kate that be not bad . ABBY they be horrible . kate no , they be not . turn around . ( she do ) I think that work . ABBY ( go into dress room ) this suck . I look like a cow . kate try on that one with the back pocket . ABBY ( 0.s . ) what 's the point . kate just do it , Abby . kate look at the tire salesgirl who be fold clothes . kate she think she 's fat . the salesgirl just smile . Abby come out of the dress room , clearly have hear what kate just say about she . she pose in another pair of ill fitting jeans , fume . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 53a . kate that be good . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 54 . ABBY this be not good . they be awful . I feel like a sausage ! kate I think they look cute . ABBY you think this look cute . kate I do . ABBY do you have eye in you head ? kate do not talk to I like that . ABBY you must think I look like shit all the time if you think this look good ! kate I do not have to buy you anything , missy . Abby go into the dress room and slam the door behind she . ABBY Fucking do not ! kate how dare you . I be leave . ABBY ( 0.s. ) bye ! kate get you own fuck jeans . ABBY ( 0.s. ) ( scream ) I would if I have my own money !!!! as kate pass through the store ... ABBY ( 0.s. ) bitch !!! untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 55 . 52 int . face work - day 52 Mary and Alex have sex on the table . they both jump when the intercom blast . tommy 's voice Mary , you five fifteen chin wax just leave annoyed . 53 int . the gap - night 53 Abby be slump on the floor of she dress room , surround by pile of reject jeans . her face be tear stain as she play a bowl game on she cell phone . salesgirl ( 0.s. ) Excuse I , but we be about to close . Abby ignore she , she jaw tightening . salesgirl ( 0.s. ) ( annoyed ) you can not stay in there all night . 54 int . kate and alex 's kitchen - night 54 Alex be rifling through the cabinet try to choose a tea . he peruse he choice - smooth move , Throat coat , mint Magic , tummy tamer , quietly calm . he take a deep breath just as kate , in she pajamas , enter the kitchen and grab a piece of fruit . he can not look at she . kate she be so rude . I be at a total loss . Alex reach for tummy tamer . kate stomach ache ? alex a bit . the front door open off -screen and kate go there . 55 int . apartment entrance - continuous 55 Abby enter and see kate , who be glaring at she . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 56 . kate where have you be ? ABBY ( incredulous ) the jeans store . kate it 's late . ABBY New . fall. hour . kate go walk pickle . Abby get the leash . 56 ext . STREET - night 56 Abby be walk the dog . slowly , aimlessly . she pass by the homeless transvestite . transvestite hi Jamie ! ABBY ( disturb ) hi. ( beat ) who be Jamie ? the transvestite look confuse . transvestite I be Jamie . rebecca ( 0.s. ) she call everyone Jamie . Abby turn to find Rebecca walk andra 's dog . rebecca she 's always there . ABBY tell I about it . my mom practically support she . rebecca what do you mean ? untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 57 . ABBY she always give she money . how do you think a homeless person could have chanel lipstick ? it 's gross . rebecca you mom give she chanel lipstick ? ABBY just money . she want to save the world . one time , she let a homeless lady take a shower in we apartment . rebecca you mom ? ( surprised ) wow . that 's nice . ABBY yeah , until the lady take a dump on my bedroom floor . rebecca oh my god ! ABBY I know ! you have think she could have do it in my mom 's room ! she 's the one who let she in ! rebecca I would never let someone in my house . ABBY she get all emotional just walk down the street . oh my god , that man have no head . oh my god that woman be disgusting ... it ' 's so embarrassing . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 58 . ABBY ( beat ) be you close with you mother ? rebecca I do not have one . I mean , she 's dead . ABBY suck . how ? rebecca kill herself . ABBY ( horrify ) how old be you ? rebecca Mary be twenty . I be fifteen . ABBY I be fifteen ! what about you dad ? he must have be so mad ! rebecca he split when we be really little . he 's somewhere . but we do not know where . Abby 's dog start to take a crap . ABBY ( embarrassed ) I never know if I be suppose to look . I have see people just stare . like with pride . when the dog be do , she bend down to put it in a little baggy . ABBY this be so disgusting . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 59 . Rebecca hold up she plastic bag fill with shit . ABBY right ? and now we be two people walk around with shit in a bag . Rebecca smile . ABBY I mean , what if we do not have dog with we , and we be do that . that would be sick . but because we have dog , it 's normal . rebecca I never think of that . ABBY do you come to you grandma 's every night ? rebecca almost . ABBY why do not you sister come ? rebecca she do not like she very much . ABBY she 's so cool . and gorgeous . you think she could help I with my skin ? 57 int . old age home office - day 57 kate be sit opposite a well - dress woman , carrie - anne . carrie-anne so , what make you feel like this would be a good time to volunteer ? I mean , in you life . kate something be just tell I to do it , you know ? to give something to someone . 58 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 60 . carrie-anne that 's terrific . a lot of the guest here do not have family visit they . if they do , they come maybe once , twice a year . generally they really appreciate the company . kate I be good at keep company . carrie-anne they love conversation . of course we keep it light . always try and cheer they up . kate oh . why ? carrie-anne well , we just do not want to bring they down . sometimes all they can think about be die , so they 'il inevitably talk about it . kate ( confuse ) should not we ? carrie-anne better if you steer they away from the topic . it just make they sad . int . old age home lobby - day 58 the woman give kate a tour . the place be depress and dark . old people mill about , lose and confuse . kate 's positive demeanor be start to sag . carrie-anne this be the common area . we watch movie here on Saturday night . resident play card , or just hang out . you could play game with they . kate uh huh . carrie - Anne approach a old woman , maureen , slowly walk along . bent in half , 59 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 61 . carrie -anne Maureen , this be kate . kate 's go to be volunteering here . Maureen just keep go , as if she do not hear . kate ( concerned ) she 's very bent over . carrie anne ( cheerful ) yes , she have rheumatoid arthritis ! kate how awful for she . carrie-anne well , we try to stay upbeat and positive as much as we can ! kate ( too loud ) hi Maureen . Maureen turn around , not sure where the sound be come from . she look from leave to right , the way a deaf dog would if you whistle at he . carrie-anne we be here , Maureen . but Maureen be so confuse , she just give up and keep hobbling along . ext . apartment build - day 59 Rebecca , dress nicely , and andra , wear make - up and bundle up in coat be on the front step . andra I do not need to meet anyone new at my age . rebecca you do not have to be friend with she . andra and I be sure she feel the same way . why do two old lady want to become friend at this age ? 60 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 62 . rebecca we be just take a drive , grandma . the leave be go to be really pretty . andra pretty leave be dead leave . rebecca ( beat ) they be here ! she help andra out of the building . int . eugene's car - day 60 Eugene be drive , Rebecca be beside he . Mrs. portman and andra sit in the backseat . mrs . portman it 's cancer . a big lump . andra what a horror ! andra kindly put a hand on Mrs. portman 's shoulder . mrs . portman the breast come off . just like that . at least it 's not in the other one . rebecca would not you rather have a lumpectomy ? mrs . portman what do I need my breast for ? safer to take it off . andra you might get a boyfriend and then what . mrs . portman you be funny , andra ! andra see ? she think I be funny . she smile at Mrs. portman . it 's almost as if she 's flirt with she , willing she to be she friend . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 rebecca I be so sorry , Mrs. portman . mrs . portman call I paulette . and it 's okay . I be a old lady . it 's a tragedy when it 's someone young . she pat the back of Eugene 's head . paulette I have be lucky . andra Cancer be not lucky . paulette okay , before the cancer . andra you get a handsome boy there . paulette I know it ! eugene thank you , andra . andra it 's the truth . she lean forward and " whisper " in Rebecca 's ear . everyone can hear she . andra but he 's very short . Rebecca be mortify . rebecca grandma - andra ( still " whisper " ) it 's good . he would never go for you if he be tall . 63 . but Eugene be so stunne , he start to laugh . so do Rebecca . paulette can not quite believe it . innocently , andra turn to paulette and smile . paulette Rebecca be a lovely girl . I be sure lot of boy notice she . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 64 . andra what ? I do not say anything . ( beat ) I do not like my food . it 's bad . rebecca mine 's good . paulette you want some of mine ? andra your look bad , too . eugene mine be not so good . andra right !? paulette you have a lot of friend leave , andra ? andra nobody 's leave . I have friend . never a lot , though . ( beat ) I be very selective . paulette good for you . it 's good to be selective . andra a lot of people be jealous of I . paulette oh ? andra because I be smart . people often mistake I for a school teacher . I do not finish high school but people think I be smart . Eugene and Rebecca share a look , not know what the hell she 's talk about . paulette ( kindly ) well , I can see what you mean , I see it right away . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 eugene you friend be all go , right grandma ? paulette shrug , resign . paulette all go . that 's the deal . alt : there 's a couple leave . but not the good one . 61 ext . country road - later Eugene 's car drive slowly along a pretty shade road . 64a . 61 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 65 . 62 int . rental car —- continuous 62 Eugene and Rebecca sip coffee in the front seat . andra be asleep , paulette look out the window . rebecca ( look at New York Magazine ) I think it 's suppose to be right around here . 63 ext . country road - day 63 Rebecca , Eugene and paulette stand at the edge of the road , look at a small mountain . andra be still asleep in the car . rebecca it 's not very colorful . the mountain be mostly bare , dark green or grey . no glorious color leave . eugene this can not be it . rebecca maybe we be too late . or maybe it 's be too hot . andra get out of the car , groggy . she walk to they slowly . andra what 's go on ? paulette we be look at the view . andra this be nothing . they stand there for a bit . then Eugene step a couple of foot forward and turn to the right . he gasp - a different mountain be explode with orange , red and yellow . it 's magnificent . Rebecca and paulette follow he and take in the beauty . rebecca oh my god . 64 65 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 66 . paulette oh , that 's gorgeous . eugene this must be they peak . as they admire the color , andra be still unaware that they have find the right spot , and keep look at the grey , dull view . rebecca grandma . but andra do not hear she . rebecca grandma . still no response . as paulette and Eugene share a moment enjoy the view , Rebecca look at the back of andra 's head . her thinning dyed hair have be flatten out every which way by she nap in the car , create a clear view of the large bald spot on the back of she head . int . face work spa - day 64 Mary be lie under Alex on the facial table . as they have sex , she stare at the angel that decorate the aromatherapy machine . omitted 65 66 67 68 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 67 . ext . poppy - day 66 Alex be head for the subway when he stop , in a daze . he look around he , think about what he 's do . he catch he reflection in a store window and fix he crazy hair . he gaze at he belly . then he see through he belly into the actual store , and focus on a woman 's shirt hang in the window . int . poppy - day 67 poppy be a hip , over - priced clothing store . Alex be purchase the shirt from a attractive sale girl . alex it 's for my daughter . attractive sale girl how old be she ? alex Fifteen . she 's have a hard time . attractive sale girl that 's so sweet of you to buy this ! she 's go to love it . she turn around and Alex look at she sexy , tone back , clad in a tiny top . int . kate and alex 's bedroom - night 68 kate be on the bed while Abby open up the bag from poppy . ABBY God , this be so cute ! alex you like it ? ABBY I love it ! thank you . kate where do you get it ? alex some store . she find the bag . 69 70 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 68. kate ( know the store ) what be you do down there ? ABBY ( to kate ) be not it cute ? distract , kate look at Abby . kate ( beat ) it be . it 's very cute . ABBY thanks , dad . he look tenderly at Abby and smile . int . poppy - night 69 Mary be browsing around . the attractive sale girl be pick at she cuticle . Mary observe she - what she 's wear , and how she large shoulder be expose in she tiny top . big back hi. can I help you find something ? mary ( startle ) oh , no . just look , thanks . big back be sure to let I know if you have any question . int . kate and alex' bedroom - night 70 Abby be no longer in the room . Alex be watch access Hollywood and kate be put lotion on she elbow . kate it do not matter how much lotion I put on . they be crack and freaky . it 's disgusting . why ? why be it like this ? alex what ? 71 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 69 . kate my elbow . look at it . if you take it away from what it 's attach to - she frame she elbow with she finger . kate - what be it ? alex you elbow look like that so you can use they . like you foot . kate oh. ( beat ) maybe I should go see what - she - name . at the spa . get some paraffin or something . alex she do facial . kate who ? alex who be you talk about ? kate the granddaughter . with the tan . who be you talk about ? alex same . kate she do facial ? alex it 's what she say . kate shrug . the ensue silence make the topic on access Hollywood the only conversation in the room . int . rebecca and mary apartment / live room - night 71 Rebecca , glow with excitement , be throw a nightgown over she head . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 70 . rebecca they be so gorgeous , Mary ! like they be on fire ! Mary , lie on the couch , be flipping through a magazine . mary you should have wear sunscreen . rebecca I do not think I get sunburn . mary you do too . that could create sun damage . rebecca you be not at work . god. mary it 's not just my work . I believe in what I do . rebecca you sunbathe ! mary with sunscreen . ( shame ) I look better with color . rebecca you be pretty . you do not need to be tan . mary I can not stop . Rebecca climb into she bed . rebecca ( bright ) maybe Eugene have a brother . or a friend . mary please . rebecca what ? untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 71 . mary I do not need you to find I a boyfriend . rebecca oh , sorry . mary if I want a boyfriend , I would have one . 72 int . x- ray room - day 72 Rebecca be give young woman a mammogram . rebecca they be incredible , really beautiful . young woman I do not have a car . rebecca oh , you can rent one . or even take the train . Rebecca fit the enormous breast on the plate of glass . rebecca just a little bit more ... young woman oh , there 's always more . rebecca but you have to hurry because they be just about to end . New York Magazine - young woman I hate New York Magazine . the woman wince as Rebecca close the glass on the breast . young woman that really hurt . rebecca ( apologetic ) unfortunately , the more it hurt , the better picture we get . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 72 . young woman oh. okay . rebecca but seriously , it 's really worth it if you get the chance to go ! 73 int . radiology reception area - day 73 Cathy and marissa be filing when Rebecca enter the area . they glance at she . cathy ( smug ) they peak be last week . marissa yeah . it be definitely last week . 74 int . face work spa - day 74 Alex be fast asleep on Mary 's facial table . she be shaking he . mary Alex . you have to wake up . Alex . the spa be close . he slowly open he eye . alex I be so tired . mary yeah , well you have to go . he climb off , disorient . alex how long be I asleep for ? mary a long time . alex I hate fall asleep in the middle of the day . I wake up feel so lonely . she look at he . 75 76 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 73. ext . STREET - day 75 kate be walk , depressed . she pass a store that look a lot like she 's , and stop to look through the window . kate point of view a hip young couple gesticulate excitedly about a fabulous lamp . she stare at they . int . furniture store - day 76 kate wander around the store . she glance at some price tag , feel a couple of chair . she see a table that look just like the one she sell recently to the Young man . she go to it , curious , and read the price - $ 5,000 . surprise , she glance up and instantly see the man she sell the table to ( for $ 3,000 ) . this be he store , and that be she table . at first she 's piss , feel cheat , and be about to confront he . but the man be help another customer with a lot of concentration and kate lose she steam . she decide instead to simply sit down on a nice couch and rest . a 60 year old woman , dress overly - chic , ( she 's anita ) , be already sit there . anita designer ? kate resting . anita I be a designer . I buy a lot from Kevin . he 's get great taste , do not he ? except for that awful thing . anita point to a leather chair that 's weird look . kate that 's a rare piece . anita it 's still ugly . I think it 's haunt . it have a bad vibe . ( beat ) Old furniture have to have some ghost . do not you think ? untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 74 . kate I do think that , yes . anita how can it not ? right ? I have this bed , it be iron , victorian . gorgeous . fabulous detail . I have nightmare for a year . and I develop tmj . get rid of the bed , no more tmj , no more nightmare . kate smile at she , and then watch Kevin . kate ( be : Kevin ) Nice guy ? anita prick . good taste . still a prick . 77 omit 77 78 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 75 . int . modern age - day 78 Alex and kate be turn the light on all of the lamp around the store . two annoyed shopper wander around touch furniture . annoyed shopper ( quietly ) my grandmother have this exact couch . other annoyed shopper where be it now ? annoyed shopper here , apparently . nobody know to save it . I be sure my mother think it be junk . ( sing song ) someone 's make a kill . they glance at kate and Alex . kate ( unaware ) be not that beautiful ? original upholstery . annoyed shopper what a find . kate I know . other annoyed shopper where do you find this stuff ? kate ( beat ) why ? other annoyed shopper do you buy from individual or like , a store in queen ? I be just curious . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 76 . kate individual . alex ( defensive ) we buy from the child of dead people . annoyed shopper ( beat ) how nice . alex yes . kate smile , grateful . the annoy shopper walk off . annoyed shopper ( to he friend ) look at this table . this would look great in at you place in New paltz . other annoyed shopper it would . it 's beautiful . the phone ring and kate answer it . kate modern Age ...yes , we do . oh , I be sorry to hear that ... annoyed shopper ( under he breath ) ambulance chaser . 79 int . dead mom 's apartment - night 79 kate be be show around the apartment by a distraught , don , 40 . don Mom love she thing . but she never say what we should do with they . a cold woman , elyse , also 40 , come into the room . elyse be you from the salvation Army ? don she 's from a store on tenth avenue . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 77 . elyse a junk store ? kate more of a vintage , or mid century modern - elyse she do not want this shit , Don . I tell you to call the salvation Army . kate look around the cluttere place . true , everything be junky , worthless . don she can say if she do not want anything . but maybe she will . elyse ( to kate ) would you please wake this man up ? none of this be worth anything . right ? he waste you time . don ( to kate ) look at this chair . this be she favorite . ( beat , quietly ) she die in it . kate look at the old , yellow chair . elyse now she 's really go to want to buy it ! kate actually , I think I could take this dining table and chair . and probably the side table . Don look at elyse , happy . elyse for how much . kate two thousand . elyse be you serious ? untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 78 . kate and the yellow chair . don ( vindicate ) Mom have good taste . 80 int . andra 's apartment — day 80 Mary be stare down at andra , who be cut coupon at the dining table . andra hold out a fat stack for she . andra use this . mary I will not . andra what be you talk about , ' I will not ’? mary I will not . andra you will take my coupon . mary no , I will not . andra you be too good for coupon ? mary they depress I . ( beat ) if you want I to go shopping for you , give I you list . andra why can not Rebecca go ? mary I tell you . she 's busy . andra she 's never busy . mary that 's be lucky for you , have not it ? give I you list . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 78a . andra if you be not go to use my coupon then I 'il go shopping myself . mary I come all the way over here . and you can not walk that far . andra you will see . when my knee be better , I will not need anybody . 81 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 79 . mary arthritis get worse , not better . andra mine 's go to get better . mary like you eye ? andra yes . mary and you foot ? andra get up from the table and push the coupon away angrily . andra do not do I any favor . i’1l wait until Rebecca can do it . she do not ask I all this question . she sit in front of the tv set and turn it up very loud . mary you foot hurt ' cause you be old , grandma . thing do not get better . they get worse . ext . andra 's apartment / hallway - day 81 Mary come out of the apartment with andra 's grocery list , slamm the door behind she . she look at Alex 's apartment door when it suddenly open . Mary quickly race to the elevator . kate and Alex come out , chat . kate lock the door behind they . they walk to the elevator , see Mary . Alex instantly blushes . mary oh , hi. kate hi , how’re you do ? mary pretty good . she 's get I go to the market for she . alex still get that tan ! untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 80 . kate glance at he . mary it 's kind of fade actually . ( beat ) I think I be hit the wall . kate glance at she , surprised she know this expression . they all get into the elevator . 82 int . elevator - continuous 82 kate well , that 's nice of you , to shop for she . mary not much of a choice . I guess I could starve she to death ! Alex look at Mary 's breast . alex where do you go shopping ? mary in a market . 83 ext . STREET - continuous 83 they all come out of the building . Mary walk off . mary see you around . Alex look at kate . alex you know , I have get some errand . kate ( suspicious ) oh. alex just crap I have be put off . i’1l meet you at the store ? untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 81 . kate okay . see you later . Alex give she a quick kiss and ponder which way to go . kate walk a few step and then stop , feel something be off . after a moment , she continue on she way . 84 ext . STREET - day 84 Alex catch up to Mary before she go into the market . alex hi. mary ( surprised ) oh. 85 ext . STREET - day 85 Eugene and Rebecca sip coffee and walk down the street . rebecca I do not know what you do . eugene I be a computer consultant . rebecca oh ! that 's nice . eugene nobody know what that be . rebecca I guess not . 86 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 82. eugene that 's okay . keeps I mysterious . rebecca I want to know . eugene now you . you have a great job . I mean , from a guy 's point of view . I wonder what make you pick it . rebecca ( curious too ) yeah ... I wonder that , too . eugene be you breast feed ? rebecca I doubt it . no. no. eugene well , there you be ! rebecca I do not even see they like breast , though . I see they like they be this tube of potential danger . eugene tube of potential danger . I see a penthouse letter somewhere in there . rebecca what 's that ? eugene you never read that ? my dad have they - you know , penthouse magazine - lie around the house . int . modern age - day 86 delivery men unload the junky , worthless furniture from that old apartment into the store . it look crazy next to the stylish stuff . kate put that in the window , please . he put the shabby couch in the window . a stylish couple enter the store . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 82a . kate welcome . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 83 . stylish woman shopper thank you . I see you have get some new thing ! kate all the time ! they browse , look at piece , sit on they , etc . stylish man shopper where do you find all this ? kate ( defensive ) why ? stylish man shopper ( take aback ) just curious . stylish woman shopper I love this lounge chair , honey . come sit . stylish man shopper it 's great . perfect for the kid 's room . ( to kate ) how much do you want for this ? kate that 's four thousand . stylish woman shopper ( undeterred ) it be perfect for the kid room . they smile at one another excitedly . then the stylish man see a old table from the junky shipment . stylish man shopper honey . take a look at this . stylish woman shopper huh . stylish man shopper it 's so bad , it 's almost great . stylish woman shopper I know what you mean . kate stay out of it . they ponder it . 87 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 84 . stylish man shopper it 's pretty cool . it would fit in that weird corner , you know ? ( to kate ) Excuse I , how much be this table ? kate oh , yes . ( think quickly ) that 's twelve hundred . stylish woman shopper ( surprised ) be it important ? kate we be not certain of its designer . no. the couple walk around the ugly table , fall in love with it . kate slump , depressed . she stare at the yellow chair that the woman die in , and can not seem to look away . when she do look away , we see the ghost of the dead woman sit in the chair . after a moment , she fade away . int . andra 's apartment — day 87 andra be sit in front of the loud scrambled tv . she 's scream into the telephone . andra come up here and fix the reception ! what ?... yes , it 's you job ! you be the super ! the super fix thing ! I can not see a thing ! ( hang up ) idiot . she wander into the kitchen but we stay in the live room . we only hear her . andra ( 0.s. ) leave I here with nothing to eat . we hear some drawer open and close . then the refrigerator . she take something out of it , and we hear a can opener puncture a can . then a loud pop and a splash . andra ( 0.s. ) oh , shit . what a mess . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 85 . 88 int . rebecca and mary 's bedroom - day 88 Mary and Alex have just have sex on Mary 's bed . they lie there , half dress . Mary 's face be tense . mary it 's not like I think you be my boyfriend , or anything . I be just wonder if we could have you know , like a real date or something . alex ( beat ) you know I have never cheat on kate . mary how would I know that ? alex well , I have not . mary so , why now ? alex we be like partner . partner at work , partner as parent . we be friend . we be good friend . mary I like my friend . ( kind of joke ) I do not really have any -- alex ( confuse ) yeah . Friends be good . they be . mary so , maybe we could go see the fuck leave . alex oh , gosh . I do not know . mary it 's probably over . alex ( beat ) I be sorry . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 mary do you feel guilty ? alex yes . mary then take I out . he smirk . she misunderstand . 85a . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 86 . alex it 's a mess . I be a mess . I never want she to find out . ( beat ) I know it sound crazy but maybe this will even help thing . mary maybe you and I will help you marriage ? alex they say that happen . mary how could you be that callous . to me.t alex ( realize ) oh , you be so right . I do not really mean it that way . depress , Mary flip on the tv from the bed , watch something . mary ( resign ) I do not want to fuck you anymore . ext . STREET - day 89 Abby and kate walk the dog . ABBY have you ever think about kill yourself ? kate ( startle ) no ! why would you ask I that ? ABBY Rebecca 's mother kill herself . kate that 's horrible . ( beat ) no wonder . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 87 . ABBY no wonder what ? kate you can see how damage that girl be . ( alarmed ) you do not ever think about thing like that , do you ? Abby roll she eye . kate drop it . kate ( look around ) I wonder where we friend be . ABBY make up man ? kate yeah . they look around . ABBY hopefully he find a nice spot near sephora . kate I hope nothing happen to she . ABBY you be worried . kate a little . she life on the street . ABBY you do not even know she . kate oh god , look at this . they approach a old man surround by bag and trash . he 's hold out he hand . kate stop and open she purse . Abby roll she eye as kate take out a ten and hold it out for he . ABBY ( see the bill ) no way . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 88 . Abby snatch the money . kate Abby ! ABBY you do not give I ten dollar ! kate ( seethe ) you give that man that money right now and we will discuss this later . ABBY no . kate I buy you everything you need . ABBY I be keep this ten dollar ! kate be so embarrassed , so mortify , she 's ( for once ) speechless . she search in she wallet and take out a five dollar bill . kate Abby , I do not have another ten . ABBY so give he the five . kate ( more appal than ever ) give he the ten ! ABBY no ! defeat , kate hand the five to the old man . kate ( to old man ) I be sorry . I be so ashamed . old man suck my dick . 90 ext . roof top - dusk 90 Rebecca and Eugene be lie on a blanket on he tar roof . the evening be warm , the star be out . nervously , Eugene lean over Rebecca and kiss she . it 's gentle but charge . 91 92 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 89 . across the street , a few people be have a barbecue on the roof . Rebecca and Eugene look over and watch they . after a beat , Rebecca lie back , enjoy the smell of the barbecue , and where she be . int . kate and alex 's bedroom - night 91 kate be lie in bed in the dark , wide awake . Alex come in and think she 's asleep , undress quietly . he slide into bed as smoothly as possible , he back to she . they lie there for a bit . then - kate we daughter be a sociopath . Alex take this in , not quite sure how to respond . int . modern age - day 92 Alex be look at the crappy furniture arrange with the nice stuff , all over the store . alex I do not know what you be think ! kate the guy . his sister or wife or whoever be so mean , I have to buy it . I feel bad for he . ( reach ) and who 's to say that this stuff be not valuable ? alex I can . this stuff be not valuable . kate somebody design it . maybe in fifteen year this chair - ( gesture to yellow chair ) - will be worth a ton of money because some genius german design it . alex we will never sell any of it . kate go and sit in the yellow chair . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 90 . kate I already sell one piece for a lot of money . alex you do ? kate yeah , I do not exactly feel good about it . alex that 's great ! kate no , it 's not . alex I do not understand . kate I practically steal from they . alex so why do you charge they a lot of money ?! she think about this , surprised by it . kate ( beat ) I want to . alex and therein lie the mystery of be human . kate and I have be feel very suspicious lately , Alex . he freeze . wait . suddenly he face soften with guilt . kate a couple of people have come in here , people who do not look like they be shopping for we kind of furniture . and they be ask question . alex ( relieved ) like what ? 93 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 91 . kate like , '' where do you get this ? '' and '' how do you find you thing ? '' you hear that two rude people . alex people ask that all the time . they be curious . kate no . I think that some of the people we have buy from ask they friend , or they lawyer to come in and see how much we be charge . alex you guilt be warping you . kate ( beat ) why be not it warping you ? alex it be . you guilt be warping I . she smirk at he . alex if do this make you feel so bad let 's stop do it . kate but then someone else will just do what we be do . the guy on eighth avenue - you know that store ? he 's buy from we and sell it for more ! we quit be not go to help . ( beat ) nothing help . int . andra 's apartment — day 93 Rebecca enter andra 's apartment . rebecca hi grandma ! she see andra in she chair in front of the tv but go to the kitchen because she see a mess . 94 95 96 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 92 . int . andra 's apartment / kitchen - continuous 94 she find a open , bulg can of grapefruit juice on the counter , and juice splatter everywhere . rebecca grandma ? no response . int . andra 's live room - continuous 95 sitting in front of the tv as it play entertainment tonight ( the reception slightly better , ) andra slump , unconscious . rebecca oh my god , grandma ! grandma ? wake up ! she shake she shoulder and realize she 's dead . stun , she look up at the tv show and get momentarily engross . int . home for physically disabled / work out room - day 96 a large room fill with mat and weight , a mirror on one wall . people with disability work out . a woman in a suit , mrs . melnick , give kate a tour . mrs . melnick this , obviously , be the gym where they can work out . the patient come in here once a day , for about a hour . this be something you could actually help out with ! kate look at the face of the struggle patient . some be more severely disabled than other , barely able to move they limb with any control . kate it look like it 's painful . mrs . melnick oh , no . they look forward to this all day ! let I introduce you to someone . she walk she over to a severely disabled young girl with a sweet face . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 93 . mrs . melnick sweetie , this be kate . she 's go to be help out . the girl smile hold out a twisted hand . mrs . melnick kate , this be Abby . Abby , this be kate . kate be startle by the girl 's name . mrs . melnick Abby here be one of we most athletic . be not you Abby ? ABBY # 2 yes I be . mrs . melnick would you like to show kate how well you can do a cartwheel ? kate oh , no , she do not have to . mrs . melnick I think you have like to , would not you Abby ? kate no , really - it 's okay . Abby # 2 go to the mat and do a very clumsy , spastic cartwheel . when she 's do , she look over at kate , beam with pride . kate start to cry and hide she face . kate ( whisper to Mrs. melnick ) oh my god , it 's just so sad . mrs . melnick ( beat ) please stop . kate I do not mean to - I be so sorry . I do not know how you can take it - untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 94 , ABBY # 2 bye lady !! kate bye ! that be really good ! kate turn , unable to hide she tear . a sob escape . mrs . melnick you be go to have to leave . kate I know , I know - I be so sorry , so sorry ... 97 int . home for physically disabled / restroom - day 97 Inside the stall , kate be sit on the toilet try to stop cry . she mop up she tear with rough toilet paper . she hear the door to the rest room open and she stiffen . after a beat ... ABBY # 2 enter . ABBY # 2 do you need help ? kate do not answer , do not know what to say . ABBY # 2 do you want someone to help you ? 98 int . andra 's apartment / live room - day 98 Mary be in the other room while Rebecca sit on the couch . andra be still in she chair . rebecca ( beat ) I should have be here . I would have be here . mary ( 0.s. ) oh , please . if I have buy she she fuck grocery I would have be here . rebecca why do not you buy she grocery ? I think you be suppose to . mary ( 0.s. ) how can she not have any papers ? ( more ) untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 95 . mary ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) I think you know where she put everything . rebecca not she papers , I guess . she do not own anything . what be you look for ? mary ( 0.s . ) I do not know . it 's what you do . oh , now here 's something she get a lot of use from . Mary enter the live room and hold up the new nightgown they buy she . she shake it at andra . mary no special occasion , grandma ! you should have wear the fucker !! rebecca God , Mary . you be so mean . mary grandma be mean . ( beat ) why do you think Mom take eighty five valium ? because she mother be loving and kind ? rebecca you can not blame grandma . mary why not ? rebecca I do not know . ( beat ) we do not have any family anymore . mary oy. ( beat ) I have to go back to work . rebecca now ? mary I have appointment . you 's 1ll wait for the guy ? 99 100 101 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 96 . rebecca ( strike ) we have no family leave and you be go to work . mary oh. okay . you be right . Mary sit beside Rebecca on the couch . Long pause . they sit there . mary oh look ! we still have no family leave ! bye . she get up . rebecca you be so cold . omitted 99 int . kate and alex 's kitchen - day 100 kate be wash dish , cry . she hear a knock on the front door . int . kate and alex' apartment - continuous 101 kate open the door and find Rebecca . she try to clear away any tear . kate oh , hi. rebecca be you all right ? kate ( brush it off ) oh , I be fine ! I guess wash dish just make I want to kill myself ! ( remember ) ( more ) a102 102 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 97 . kate ( cont would ) I mean - not really - it 's just a expression - I do not mean - rebecca I just want to tell you my grandma die . kate pull she inside . kate oh my god ! be you all right ? rebecca can you die if you eat something from a dent can ? kate you think that 's what happen ? rebecca we be not sure . ( beat ) I have be take care of my grandma for so many year . this pill that day , this doctor , this medicine , not that medicine . and she die from drink bad juice . kate you be a good person . Rebecca have to hold back tear , for this be exactly what she need to hear . rebecca thanks . so be you . int . andra 's apartment - day a102 andra , alone in the room and still in she chair , slowly fade away . omitted 102 103 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 98 . int . face work spa waiting room - day 103 through the store front window , we see ABBY approach the spa and check the name of it . she nervously enter . tommy welcome to face Works . how can I help you ? ABBY I be a walk in . tommy Excuse I ? ABBY it say you welcome walk in . I 'ma walk in . tommy we certainly do welcome walk in . what can I do for you today ? ABBY I want a facial with Mary , please . he check he book . 104 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 99 . tommy she actually have a cancellation , if you can wait thirty minute . ABBY sure . she sit down in the wait area and turn on she ipod . the music be very loud , and the song keep repeat motherfucker over and over . the peaceful woman seat next to she be severely agitate and shoot Abby , whose oblivious , dirty look . Abby pick at a zit . int . face work spa - day 104 Abby be lie down on the table with steam blow on she face . Mary be sit behind she . mary it really work out well , someone have just cancel . ( beat ) this be quite a surprise . ABBY Rebecca say she think you could do something for my bad skin . mary I be sure I can . we will open up this pore and clean you out . ever have a facial ? ABBY well , my mom take I for one , once , at this really fancy place ? she think it 's good for people to spoil themselves , or something . anyway , it do not help . they just rubbed a bunch of cream on and make it worse . mary that 's too bad . well , just know it 's not you fault . it 's hereditary . ABBY yeah , my dad supposedly have bad skin . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 99a . mary that 's right , he say it be terrible . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 100 . ABBY ( beat ) yeah . mary but have you notice it now ? ABBY what do you mean ? mary he do not have acne anymore but I think we have really improve the quality of he skin . ABBY I do not know what you be talk about . mary ( beat , blase ) he 's come in for facial . ABBY ( beat , tensing up ) my dad ? mary sure . hey , Howard stern get they . a lot of man do . Abby smile , uncomfortable . she do not understand what Mary be tell she , but she know it 's make she feel bad . mary anyway , that 's enough steam . let 's get start . she put the little black eye cup on Abby and then turn a bright light over she face , illuminate every blemish . Mary start to squeeze the zit . mary sorry , honey . it 's not fun . she squeeze hard . Abby brace herself . ABBY ow ow ow . mary so . you parent will be glad to know my grandmother die . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 100a . ABBY ( wince in pain ) she do ? untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 101 . mary now you mother can have a bigger master bedroom . ABBY that 's too bad . I mean , I be sorry she die . when do it happen ? mary not sure . we find she today , so probably last night . ( beat ) oh , here 's a deep one . she go in for the deep pimple . Abby 's face clenches . mary ( beat ) wiggle you toe . Abby wiggle she toe . ABBY why ? mary ( beat ) I do not know . it 's suppose to help . ABBY ( recalling they conversation at the dinner party ) that 's like one of that thing - that we hate ? mary ( not connect ) what ? ABBY you know , like when people will not tell you the truth - like if you look bad in something ? mary I do not follow . ABBY like say wiggle you toe - it 's just like a ... whatever . ( beat ) so . when do my dad come in here ? ( more ) untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 101a . ABBY ( cont would ) I can not picture it . 105 106 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 102. mary ( beat ) he come in a few time . ABBY oh . with the knot in she stomach from what Mary be inferr and the pain from the extraction , hot tear spill out of she little eye cup and run down she cheek . mary ( unaware ) we should give you a enzyme peel . that will definitely get all the dead skin off . it kind of make you look like you get hit by a truck , but in the end it 's worth it . int . andra 's apartment / build hallway - later 105 a ambulance guy talk to Rebecca . ambulance guy do the building have a back door ? you know , for delivery 's , thing like that ? ( explain ) so we do not have to go out the front . you know . not a glamorous sight . rebecca in the basement there 's a door to the alley but there 's always a ton of stuff block it . I think there 's a exit through the super 's apartment . int . superintendant 's apartment - day 106 the ambulance guy carry the stretcher through the tiny , cluttere apartment . child be scattered about . kate and Rebecca follow behind . the super , dario , look on without feel , while he wife elena be distraught . elena I be sorry , it 's so messy . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 102a . kate oh , no , we be disturbing you ! untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 103 . elena I be so sorry about you grandmother . rebecca thanks . dario she make I fix she tv ! she do not even give I any money ! I see she last night ! she not dead then ! she yell at I like I be some kind of kid ! rebecca I be sorry she do that . Rebecca reach into she back pocket for some money . rebecca let I - dario I do not need a tip . she 's dead . kate ( to Elena ) I be very happy to see you have get better . elena I be not sick . kate be not you - be not you in a wheelchair ? elena ( startle ) I ? kate ( embarrassed ) oh , I must have think of someone - elena who tell you I be in wheelchair ? I be never in a wheelchair ! ( spook ) why do you say this ? 107 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 104 . just then kate turn and see the gift basket she buy for andra sit on the coffee table - fill with all of the product . the basket be a little bent but everything be arrange with care . int . kate where do you get that ? elena what ? kate this. elena ( defensive ) it be a gift . kate and alex 's apartment - day 107 kate come into the apartment to find Abby remove she coat . kate the old lady die . ABBY I know . kate you face ! what happen ? ABBY I have a facial . kate from who ?! ABBY Mary . kate what do she do to you ? ABBY she give I a peel . plus she work on I forever . kate it should not look like this . I be go to call she right now . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 105 . ABBY ( over reacting ) no ! kate look at Abby - wonder why she feel so strongly . ABBY ( beat ) it 's not she fault I have bad skin . this be normal . she say it would go away . kate go to she and stroke she hair . kate it will , honey . it will go away . 108 int . face work spa - day 108 Mary come out of the spa bundle up against cold . she look at the store poppy across the street . 109 omitted 109 110 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 106 . ext . poppy - day 110 Mary slowly walk in front of the store , check it out , watch Big back . she cross a couple of time and be startle when Big back come out of the store . big back who be you !? startle as hell , Mary jump back . big back I have see you walk by , over and over . for month ! and then you come in and pretend to shop ! who be you ? why be you watch I ? mary I be Brian 's old girlfriend , Mary . big back and ? mary and I guess I want to see what he throw I over for . big back ( creepe ) that 's why you watch I . mary to see what you have that I do not . big back and do you figure out what that be ? 111 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 107 . mary no . you have nothing . ( beat ) you have a very large back . Big back turn to go back into the store , but she hesitates . big back I like my back . ( beat ) what kind of person - at you age - do something like this ? it 's pathetic . I do not even go out Brian anymore . Mary stand there , humiliate as Big back go inside . int . ABBY 's bedroom - night 111 Alex come in to the room , find Abby asleep on she bed . he sit down beside she and notice the damage on she face . he pick up the melting ice pack on she pillow , and Abby open she eye . alex what happen , sweetie ? ABBY nothing . alex Rough pimple night ? ABBY ( beat ) Mary give I a facial . it hurt . Alex take this in , struggle with how to react . alex Mary . ABBY yeah . alex you mean , the granddaughter from next door ? guess she 's not very good , no offense ! ABBY I be not go back there . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 107a . alex God , no . of course not . Abby roll over , she back to Alex . ABBY and neither should you . Alex stiffen . a nightmare come true . alex me. ABBY she say you go there . alex yeah , yeah , I do . she help my skin . at my age , can you imagine . when do it stop ? ( beat ) yeah . no. nobody should go back to she . ever . ABBY good . a112 112 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 108. int . kate and alex 's bedroom - night a112 Alex , anxious as hell , see kate read in bed . he lie down next to she . kate how 's she do ? alex she 's sad . kate it 's so rough , she age . Alex put he arm around she and she continue to read . int . face work - day 112 through the store front , we see Alex approach the spa and enter . he find Tommy and Mary chat . mary ( startle ) oh , hi . do you have a appointment ? alex can I speak to you ? they take a few step away from Tommy . alex what do you tell my daughter ? Mary look at Tommy , embarrassed . mary nothing . alex what do you tell she ? mary Jesus . I guess I just mention that you come here . he stare at she for more . mary that 's all . alex why do you do that ? that 's so fuck up ! untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 108a . mary I do not know , we be talk . alex why do you tell she I come here ? mary because you do . alex do you do that to she face on purpose ? mary no . I do that to everyone 's face . it go away in a couple of day . it 's normal . alex ( beat ) what else do you tell she ? she look at he , study he . just then a spa client ( alison ) enter and greet Mary with a wave . mary ( to Alex ) I be go back to work . I be ready for you , alison . Mary reach out for alison and lead she out of the reception area and through the side door . Alex stand there , feel Tommy 's stare . but when he look up , he find Tommy smile kindly . 113 int . rebecca and mary kitchen - night 113 Rebecca and Mary be take freeze dinner out of they box . they put they in the microwave . mary you know we should stand back . rebecca why ? mary microwaves , they be bad for you . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 109 . rebecca but we be cooking we food in it . mary not the same . they say it 's different , what come out . they stand there anyway , watch they dinner turn around and around . 114 int . live room - night 114 Mary and Rebecca eat they dinner on the couch . when Mary finish hers she put the plate on the coffee table and then just sit there . after a moment , she lean against the back of the couch and rest she head on Rebecca 's shoulder . Rebecca be startle , but move . 115 ext . suburban house - day 115 kate be stand outside a large house , hold the vase with the gold leave . she knock on the door and a man , Adam , ( the one she buy this vase from in the beginning ) answer the door . adam can I help you ? kate yes , hi - I be the woman who buy all of you mother 's furniture a while back . we own modern Age . adam oh , yeah . kate ( hold out the vase ) I think you should have this . it turn out to be worth a lot of money . he take the vase and look at it . adam seriously ? I think it be all junk . ( beat , impressed ) thanks . untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 110 . kate you be welcome . adam how much be it worth ? kate about a thousand dollar . adam I can not believe you bring it back . that 's pretty unusual , especially in New York . thanks again . kate it 's my pleasure . see you . he shut the door . kate smile , pleased with herself . off - screen we hear a loud crash . adam ( 0.s. ) oh , shit ! 116 omitted 116 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 111 . 117 int . funeral home - day 117 andra 's small funeral . Rebecca , Mary , a couple of older people from the building , and kate , Abby , and Alex . Eugene and he grandmother paulette sit behind they . a funeral director speak to they while stand at a pulpit . on it , be the urn with andra 's 's ash inside it . funeral director ( read ) andra participate in many group over the year and especially enjoy volunteering . she work at the aspca when she be a teenager , and later on read to the blind , and do art project with underprivileged child . Mary look at Rebecca and mouth '' she do ? '' Rebecca mouth back , '' I think so . '' just then Mary catch Alex 's glance , but he look away . Abby be aware of they , and stiffen . kate see all of the exchange . Alex take Abby 's hand . funeral director she enjoy read a great deal , but when she eye begin to fail she she especially love watch television . her favorite show be entertainment tonight . 118 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 112 . Alex look down , embarrassed . kate poke he . int . funeral home - later 118 the service be over and the guest be stand around . Mary chat with the funeral director . Rebecca introduce Eugene and paulette to kate , Alex and Abby . eugene very nice to meet you . paulette andra be a lovely woman . rebecca not really . but thanks . kate she have a sad life . ABBY ( sounding just like kate ) you just say that so you can think that you life be more important than hers be . kate that 's true . rebecca so , you be go to start renovate . alex pretty soon . rebecca I be sure it 's go to be great . kate well , it 's definitely go to be bigger . rebecca I be gonna take she dog . I guess we will not be see you anymore . kate yeah . we have sort of be neighbor . eugene you guy can visit each other . 119 120 untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 113. kate absolutely . you ’1ll have to come visit . right ? ABBY totally . rebecca definitely . they stand there awkwardly . ext . STREET - day 119 after the funeral , kate , Alex and Abby walk down the street together . ABBY her boyfriend be so handsome . alex he be . very . he seem nice . kate but so short . alex maybe he do not mind . kate oh , he mind . alex you can not know that . ABBY yes , she can . they walk some more and pass a clothing store . Abby slow , look in the window . int . trendy clothing store - day 120 kate and Alex be stand by the dress room , wait for Abby to come out . when she do , she 's wear a pair of tight jeans that do not really flatter she figure . however , by the way she be walk over to the mirror , it 's clear she feel hot . ABBY what do you think ? untitled Nicole holofcener Project 2008 - yellow 5/19/08 114. alex I think they look good . Abby check the price tag and look shocked , guilty and thrilled all at the same time . ABBY I think they cost two hundred and thirty five dollar ! ( beat ) they be so cute . kate you can get they . ABBY really !? kate you want they ? ABBY ( out of she mind ) oh my god ! Alex and kate watch as Abby turn to look though it feel almost too intimate to do Abby study herself , and do not seem to scab or the bulge of she tummy . she see emerge , in expensive jeans , and at this what she see . in the mirror , even so . see the zit or the she true self very moment , like