poetic justice script the " poetic justice " script columbia title card : once upon a ttme in south central los we hear voice : one male , the other female . from the tone of they speech and the accompany music , we can tell we be enter a romantic scene . fade in : 1 int fancy new york apartment --dining room --night where we see a romantic scene play out between a man and a woman . both be white . the couple have just finish a candlelit dinner . brad : you like you wine ? want s'more ? she nod she approval . penelope : mmmmm you be good . candle , dinner , wine . what 's next ? he grin . brad : let I set the mood . he go over to the stereo to turn it on . the isley Brothers ' " between the sheet " emanate from the speaker . Brad cross to the couch and into a position in which to kiss penelope . he do , and the sound of " between the sheet " be invade by the remix of a tribe call quest 's " bonita applebum . " 2 ext . compton drive -in theater dusk : sfx two line of car wait to enter the drive - in . the heavy bass sound of hip -hop music mingle in the air with that of the many window speaker that plag the movie . in the background we can see the couple in the previous scene kissing on a large movie screen . a lapd helicopter fly overhead , transcend we into the next shot . welcome back to South Central Los Angeles . int . compton drive -in theater-dusk sfx overhead we see a shaft of Light come from the drive - in 's projector . as we move past a few car , they inhabitant be all in various three of sexual foreplay . some be kissing ; other be actually make love . all the window be steam up . we hear the voice of the female as the man grunt , groan , moan , and beg over they body . Love be in the air . car # 1 : do not bite I so hard ! you gotta be more gentle . car # 2 ( softly ) : use you tongue . just use you tongue . car # 3 ( with heat passion ) : ohhhh ! oh , yes , ohhh ! oww ! I be stick to the seat . we come to last car , whose window be crystal clear . thing be just beginning to heat up between the couple inside the car . the woman be a " around the way " honey with soft brown skin , full brown eye , and nice delicious full lip . this be justice , who at seventeen be still look for she place in the world . the lucky man kissing she be she boyfriend , markell , a small - time drug dealer and former gangsta . justice reluctantly accept he advance , but she be not have it . there be a window speaker , from which the sound of the movie alter into the car . markell : c'mon , let 's get in the back seat . justice : no , markell , why can not we just watch the movie ? markell : ' Cause it 's boring . he go to kiss she again . this time , it 's a nice , long , juicy powerhouse kiss that cause the richter scale to jump two point . justice appear obviously affect . she ask the inevitable question . justice : markell , do you love I ? markell : of course I love you . justice : why ? tell I why you love I . markell ( look around ) : now ? justice : yeah , right now . there be a pause . he think . markell : okay , I love you because you too fine . justice : be that it ? markell : yeah . justice look dissatisfied . markell : can I have some sugar ? some butter ? some sweet ? justice : no , not yet . get I some popcorn . markell 's face drop . justice : pleazzze ?! markell relent and get out of the car . he take two step , turn on a heel , and lean into the car again . markell : hey , justice ! I be just think . I also love you ' cause when I be in tha county jail , you write I a lotta sweet poem . justice grin . markell smile and blow she a kiss good - bye . 4 lnt.comptondrive -in concession stand -- night there be only a few customer in line ; all be Black or Hispanic . markell get in line , and time slow down . we notice the abruptness of the popcorn pop like gunshot , the sound and motion of the gurgle Orange bang machine , and two thug who stand in the corner talk to each other . markell seem noticeably nervous at they presence . the counter where markell finally arrive at the front of the line . the corner where one of the two thug look across the room at markell . for a moment it look as though he recognize markell . he turn back to continue to talk with he friend . a fight break out in another corner , and everyone 's attention be draw in that direction . back to counter markell complete he transaction amidst the mayhem and walk away popcorn in hand . in the corner , the thug look back toward the counter . on he face we see he now recall where he have see markell before . 5 int / ext compton drive -in ---the car -- night markell come back to the car , glance behind he back every so often . markell ( look over he leave shoulder ) : I think I see this fool that Pete and I get beef with . markell turn to notice that justice be not in the passenger seat . justice lean up from the back seat to kiss he cheek and tenderly run she finger around markell 's neck and shoulder . we notice she long fingernails . markell laugh and place the popcorn on the dashboard . we attention be draw to the passenger window , where the drive - in speaker hang . romantic movie music flow into the car . on the driver 's side the window be open . suddenly , a pistol be place next to markell 's head . time slow down . the gun be fire . justice scream . the popcorn scatter , and the passenger window break from the travel bullet . time resume . justice 's scream turn to a whimper . there be blood on she hand . the drive - in speaker have now fall on the passenger seat . we hear the romantic movie play in the background . overhead as we pull up and away from the car . there be people run and scream in every direction , and car be leave . this sound overlap into title card : poetic justice : the sun rise behind the logo . dissolve to : 6 int inglewood cemetery-day where we come out of the leave of a tree to see a garden of stone , concrete symbol of soul long past . there be one lone figure stand before a grave . we recognize this person as justice . we also hear justice speak in voice over . over the follow image she recite the first of many poem that move this story forward . burn 17v : two year later justice ( v:o. ) : " alone . lying , think . last night . how to find my soul a home . where water be not thirsty . and bread loaf be not stone . I come up with one thing . and I do not believe I be wrong . that nobody . but nobody can make it out here alone . " dissolve to : 7 int pacificbeauty college-day we move past many woman . ah of they be dress in white smock and be stand over the head of other woman who be seat in recline beauty chair . we hear the instructor give a lesson in hair coloring . we end on justice listen attentively and primp the hair of the woman in she chair . justice ( v.o. ) : " alone , all alone . nobody , but nobody . can make it out here alone . there be some millionaire with money they can not use . they wife run round like banshee . they child sing the blue . " dissolve to : 8 ext . parking lot --day where justice put some model head into the trunk of she car . 9 exi : crenshaw boulevarif-day we see a crenshaw sign up close go past the frame , leave to right . montage of image we see various image of life in the crenshaw district of South Central Los Angeles . some be static ; other be hand -held travel shot , docu style . 1o ext . liquor store -day there be image of people protest a Korean liquor store , some protestor flash sign that read bw black / recycle black wlars . 11 ext . donutshop --day we see a cop come out with donut and coffee for himself and he partner . 12 ext . lemertpark -day a group of young man be curbside be interrogate by the lilpd . nearby a brother with a video camera begin to record . he be chase away by tha police . in between some of this image , we superimpose the head of some woman be do . over this image we continue to hear justice 's voice read poetry . she be drive to work . justice ( v.o. ) : " they have get expensive doctor , to cure they heart of stone . but nobody . no nobody . can make it out here alone . alone , all alone . nobody , but nobody . can make it out here alone . now if you listen closely , I '11 tell you what I know . Storm cloud be gather , the wind be gonna blow . the race of man be suffer , and I can hear the moan . Cause nobody . but nobody . can make it out here alone . " we see justice 's car pull to the curb . it be a 1992 Honda Accord , complete with nice rim and tinted window . the license plate read 2 funky . 13 int justice's car --day justice notebook where we see justice write the last stanza of the poem . justice ( v.o. ) : " alone , all alone . nobody , but nobody . can make it out here alone . " she close she notebook . the cover read note of a poetic justice . 14 ext citystreet --day where justice exit she car . she use she automatic lock system , which sound off " armed " when it lock . as she walk up the street , we see the same brother establish in the previous montage on they knee , with they hand behind they head . justice walk past they without acknowledge they condition . 15 int . jessie' beautysalonand supply --day Hair , nail , curler , and comb . a woman pick up a phone and say , " jessie 's beauty salon and supply . " we have invade this place on Friday , the busy day of the week . we see many woman of various age , shape , and size receive hair care from different stylist . no two head be the same . we attention and ear be draw to the loud voice of one young woman who sit on the wait couch flipping through a Black hair magazine . she have short - cut hair and eye , nail , and temper of a siamese cat . this be lesha . she be talk to heywood , who be a spiritual person . he be so cosmic that he sexuality be often question . nearby at another booth be dexter , another male stylist who be very straight . his dick have guide he into the world of cosmetology . heywood ( over image of nail , hair , etc . ) : I know whatcha mean . I do not understand some of this woman . I do not see how they can allow themselves to be so disrespect ! my body be my temple ! and a temple should never be defile . especially not in this case . I love myself . dexter shake he head in shame at heywood . he be massage the head of one fine - ass sistah . she smile . dexter suavely bend down and say , " you like that don 't cha . " she nod in approval . iesha : yeah , well , he just do my girl all wrong . she 's as ' fraid as a cat . get she go around wear sunglass , and you know how she like braggin about she pretty green eye . so you know what 's up with that . top it off , she still in love with the nigga . justice walk in . justice : you tell everybody 's business . iesha : yeah , I would tell you business too if you have something to tell . justice : you ready ? lesha nod a yes . justice : you get you hair ? lesha hold up a bag of synthetic hair . justice walk toward she station , say " hello " to the other stylist on the fly . 16 int . the babyroom --day where we notice a large playpen with four baby . all be dress in baby guess , Air jordan , and fila . one baby play with a beeper that go off as he put it in he mouth . this be the baby room , where the woman leave they child when they get they hair do . start this shot off with a fine - ass sistah with a baby in hand walk over to the crib . the doorway where we see a little boy about twelve year old stand in the middle of this child . this be baha , the errand boy of the shop . Baba sit play a sega game gear , look up from time to time out the window and at the fine woman that pass by . some of the older child attempt to distract he from he game . baha : stop ! quit ! ( look out the window , then go to the doorway ) here she come ! the salon where all the stylist and customer turn . they know what that mean . 17 ext jessle's salon --day we see a hand with key in the frame . the owner of this key press a button , which turn on the car alarm . the license on she car read Ms. boote . at leg level we swing around to walk toward the salon . in front of the door stand a panhandler with a sign in hand . panhandler : good morning , jessie . could you spare some change ?! jessie ( o.s. ) : Hell , naw ! and get you dirty , smelly , unemployed ass out from in front of my shop . we move past the panhandler and toward the front door of the shop . 17a int jessie' salon -day back to doorway where we see jessie open she fendi purse to send baha on a errand . since we be at chair level , we notice she shapely bottom half . she get much ass ! idea start on she purse be open , then pan over to baha as we hear jessie offscreen . jessie ( o.s. ) : baha , do I a favor , baby , and go to the liquor store get I a honey bun and a pack of - baha ( take the money ) : Big Red . yeah , I know . wider as we see baha take off for the store and jessie turn around call to he . jessie : and bring I back my change ! she turn back around , and we see she face . jessie be the owner of this shop . she be the queen of the hootchy in tha hood . her attire put the E in ethnic , as she be wear the hot , most expensive outfit that can be buy at the Fox Hills mall . she take off she sunglass , and we can see she face . jessie ( in a good mood ) : good morning , everybody . another angle as jessie walk across the room and to the corner . all the woman in the shop be look at she funny . jessie ( sweetly ) : what ?! what ? ( vicious ) what y'all look at ? I know I be ane , but damn ! get back to work . the salon where everybody go about they business . 17a continued the sink iesha 's head be in the sink . justice be shampooing and conditioning she hair . iesha 's eye be close to keep the sud from sting they . justice : just let that conditioning sit for five minute . iesha : where you go ? you not gonna talk to I ? justice : no , I wanna go over here and talk to jessie . it 's a fivehour job anyway -- you might as well just chill . justice walk away . iesha : all right , then , just play I like a biscuit . Hair all wet , cold . the counter where justice join jessie , who be busy check the receipt of the morning . justice : so . jessie : yeah . they both start laugh . a Delivery man arrive with box of shampoo . a few sistah throw he a in terested eye . jessie be check he out also , justice : so he 's out , huh ? y'all get buckwild last night ? where would y'all go ? jessie : could you put them over there ? snooty Fox motor inn. ( to the stylist ) y'all make sure to fill out they receipt ! justice ( laugh ) : they still get they red wall ? jessie : yep , mirror on the ceiling . same ole , same o' . they be fill out they receipt ? justice : yeah . jessie : what you know about mirror on the ceiling ? when the last time you be there ? justice : snooty Fox ? do not remember . 17b int jessie' beautysalon --day doorway where we see a brother , rodney , come in with this woman . rodney : hey , my girl need she hair and nail do . jessie : she get a appointment ? rodney : naw . heywood ( o.s. ) : she be not get no hair , either ! some people laugh . we see the woman . she get about as much hair as a snap . jessie : make a appointment . ( light a smoke , touch justice 's hat ) why you keep wear this hat ? what you hidin ?! ooow , keep it on . justice ( pull she hat on ) : stop. jessie : you need to let I do something to that head of yours . man , I be tired . get a poem for I today ? Lord know I need one . justice : I leave my notebook in the car . I '11 get it in a bit . jessie : when you gonna get a man ? ask all this question about mine . you still in mourn ? sportin black , do not make time to do you own hair . lookin tore up from tha floor up . you can always tell when a woman be not givin up no coochie . justice : I like black . besides , I do not have no time for no man right now . jessie : see , you problem be you make bad choice in man . you do not know how to pick them . CUT to : extstreet-day where we come down out of the sky to see a small U.S. postal mail jeep turn in the street and come to the curb . we hear the heavy bass beat ofhip-hop come from the jeep . justice ( o.s. ) : look who 's talk . 19 int . postal jeep --day Inside the jeep a hand press the stop / eject on the recorder and flip the tape . 19a ext . citystreet--day the ground where the jeep door open and a pair of sharp nike come out . we travel up to reveal the face of a young Black brother , twenty - two year , well build , rough look , a close fade under a cap that read u.s.mail . this be lucky . not you everyday postman , but just another hard - work young South Central brother try to make that hard - to- come - by daily dollar . another angle as lucky get he bag and walk toward the salon entrance . panhandler ( sing ) : hey , hey wait a minute , Mr. postman ! Mr. postman , get some spare change ? lucky : naw , muthafucka , but I gotta spare stamp so you can mail you ass a job application ! CUT to : 20 int . jessie' salon -day where lucky enter . his eye take in the sight of all this fine , beautiful sistah . this be he favorite part of he route . one or two woman pass in front ofhim . another angle lucky make he way to the counter , where he give the mail to justice , who be organize the outgo mail . jessie sit nearby . lucky : y'all do not get nothing but bill . lucky look at justice , try to make eye contact , which she skillfully avoid . justice's p.o.v. : lucky 's hand pull out mail and place it on the counter . 36 , 48 , f.p.s . justice be lick stamp and place they on outgo envelope . lucky notice she sexy tongue . lucky : why you always look so mad ? you too fine to be look so angry . .. . you must be not get no boyfriend ' cause you always angry ! justice finally look up . blank eye . blank face . no interest whatsoever . then she face break out into a mischievous smile . she look lucky up and down , checkin he out . justice ( with attitude ) : what do you want ? what do you want from I ? lucky : well , I think you kinda fly . we could start with you number . justice : come here . lucky look around . justice ( sexy ) : come closer . I want to whisper something to you lucky lean in closer . justice ( coolly ) : let 's cut to the chase . what do you reeaally want ? ... you wanna smell my poonani ? lucky be take aback . surprise . lucky : . . uhh , yeah here ? justice : wait a minute , baby . ( turn to jessle , loud ) jessie ! he say he wanna smell my poonani ! jessie ( coolly , smoking ) : really . justice : yeah . should I let he smell it ? jessie : yeah . jessie coolly walk from behind the counter and come face to face with lucky . she lean in close to he face and blow air into he face . lucky be surprised . justice and jessie start laugh . justice hand lucky the outgo mail and walk across the shop to attend to lesha 's hair . she laugh she ass off . lucky coolly close he mailbag and walk out of the salon . jessie look at he exit and then in justice 's direction . she just smile in amusement and put out she cigarette . same ole , same o' . 21 ext . jessie' salon -day lucky exit the salon , retain he cool despite be diss . lucky ( under he breath , look back ) : crazy Black bitch . the panhandler come nearby . lucky reach into he pocket and give he a quarter . lucky : and do not smoke it . here , take a stamp too . he hop into the jeep and drive off . dissolve to : 22 int south central post office : century boulevard-day a time clock close : a second hand flow past the frame . the minute hand be steady . the hour hand click to 4:30 p.m. a time card isplace in . someone be check out . the hallway where we see lucky be the one check out . we push in to he as he take he card out and place it in a slot on the wall . he then go in he pocket to pull out a envelope . the envelope as it be open , we can barely see that it be a paycheck . another angle as lucky notice the amount of the check . he look frustrated . offsccreen we hear the clock tick once more . lucky look around to see if anyone be watch . then he hit the clock , break the glass . 23 int . bathroom --day a duffel bag be stuff with a postal uniform . a handpulls out a baseball cap . 24 ext : bathroom --day where lucky emerge in more comfortable clothing . as he walk up the hall and into ... 25 int . tha sortin room-day we start on a large close up of George Bush 's face . suddenly , it be hit with many dart . maybe a shot on dart p.o.v. , as in Robin Hood . wider where we see that we be in a sort room . this be the place where mail be sort by zip code . there be eight guy at work . Three be brother ; the other five be Hispanic . Chicago and a mexican dude , e.j. , be play dart . chicago : you see that ? I tore that muthafucka 's nose up ! e.j. go up to the dartboard , to which they have tape a picture of George Bush . e.j. : yeah that be nice ! lucky come into the room . lucky : y'all need to get y'all ass to work before y'all get ared ! chicago and e.j. : fuck you . lucky ( gesture to Chicago ) : what up , souljah ? Chicago walk toward lucky . e.j. look a little leave out . chicago : what 's up ? hey you know they put two more buddha head on mail carrier . still get I wait , sorting with tha mexican . we see e.j. in the close background nearby , sorting mail with a open ear . e.j. : hey , Chicago , do not be talk bout mexican ! I kick you ass . at least we get a country . chicago ( whisper ) : I be on oaktown run tomorrow . get a truck ready . wanna go ? lucky : yeah . e.j. : y'all go to oakland ? lucky cut he a dry look that read " mind you own business . " chicago : cool . you gonna bring a yamp ? e.j. ( now in the middle ) : what 's a yamp ? lucky : a young tramp . you mind ? e.j. call lucky a " puto " and go back to sorting mail . lucky and Chicago walk away and talk . lucky ( o.s. ) : and get they zip code right . another angle : moving lucky : I dunno . why do not you get that crazy ho ' you go wit to hook I up ? chicago : I be on it . you call you cousin k - Dog ? lucky : naw , not yet . I hadda and a way up there this weekend anyway . ( with pride ) gotta work on we music thang . it 's cool , we gettin ' pay to go . gotta go , loc . lucky go to leave . chicago : where you goin ? lucky turn . lucky : why you need to know ? you be not my bitch ! I be off ! dissolve to 26 ext tha project -day wide as lucky come to the curb and get ready to exit he car . in the far background , we see and hear another car come up . 27 lvt gangsta ride --day from the inside of the car , we roll up on lucky get out of he car . we get the feel something drastic be gonna happen. 36 , 48 , f.p.s . time slow down . lucky turn around just as the car stop . angle on lucky , as he turn and attempt to see who be in the car . it turn out to be some of he old friend . lloyd : what 's up , lucky ? lucky : what up , nigga ? what y'all do ? lloyd : look for a nigga to jack . in he lap we see a gun . lucky : ya will need to jack that cracka larryl Gates . backseat gangsta : who 's that ? everybody just turn and look at he . ne shrink back into the back seat . lloyd : yeah we gonna jack he too . goin up to City Hall later today ... ... remember lerek ? lucky : yeah . he live over there . ( point ) lloyd : not no more . get he ass cape out yesterday .... we gonna get tha niggas that get he . lucky nod . lucky : well , later . lloyd : all right . peace . Lloyd smile ironically . lucky : yeah , peace . they drive off . lucky turn and walk into tha project 28 ext . j- bone 'sporch - day lucky walk up to a porch where we see a tall , slender , light - brown brother wear no shirt and smoking ajoint . this be j- bone , lucky 's old friend . so close be they that they have child by the same woman . j- bone be stand on he porch enjoy the afternoon sun and a cool Santa Ana breeze . we hear a jet fly overhead . we hear a fly - ass beat flow from someone 's apartment window . j-bone ( greeting ) : Mr. postman ! work muthafucka ! lucky : do not start ! whatsup , j- bone . j- bone : want some thai bud ? lucky : naw . can not fuck wit that . they pause for a moment . j- bone 's attention have wander across the way . across the way we see a Old woman toil in she garden . in the project older folk respect they small space by make they as comfortable as possible . some play child run through this shot . back to porch j- bone : hi , Ms. Jackson . ... she hate my ass . ms . jackson look up toward j- bone . her face do not register the slight hint of a positive response to j- bone 's greeting . in fact it say , , , go to hell . " Ms. Jackson tell one of the kid , a young boy , to go inside . upset and reluctant , the boy comply with he grandmother 's wish . the porch lucky : Heard ' bout derek . j- bone : yeah , derek . d- Dog ! crazy muthafucka , huh ? ai not that about a bitch ? ( reminisc ) ... anyway , so you here to check on keisha , huh ? they start walk . lucky : yeah , I 'ma give angel some money to buy she some clothes . j- bone : awww , muthafucka , you do not need to do that . I '11 get she some clothes . take she to the slauson swap meet , Fox Hills mall , get she what ever she need . lucky : naw , you do not need to do that . a crack addict walk toward j- bone . he make a quick transaction . j-bone : ai not no thang .... it be not like I be not get the money . besides , she call I daddy sometimes anyway . j- bone walk on ahead . lucky seem a little miff . they walk upstairs to angel 's apartment . int . angel' place --day where lucky and j-bone enter . there be two small child on the floor watch television . one be a girl , the other a boy . the girl be six year old , and the boy be four . this be keisha and Antonio . on the screen be afternoon cartoon . lucky : what you mean she call you daddy ? j- bone : just what I say . lucky ( gesture to he child ) : hey , little girl ! keisha run up into she daddy 's arm . lucky : who 's you daddy ? keisha timidly point to lucky , who smile and look at j- bone . lucky : that 's you son , this my daughter . do not you be forget . j- bone : well , I be she second daddy , since they come from the same hooka . as if on cue and " on cue " we see a young woman of about twenty - two enter the room . her face look like that of someone who be enter the three of what will be a hard life . despite this , she retain a beautiful but very uninnocent look . this be angel . angel : what y'all two fool talk ' bout ? lucky : talk ' bout you yamp ass . ( take a drink , then take a second look at she ) we notice the unusual color of she lipstick and she nervous twitching . angel begin rearranging thing on she already - cluttere - up coffee table . lucky : what you clean up for ? place look fuck up ! normal ! ... you be not be base , be you ? ( to j- bone ) have she ? j- bone do not say anything . angel : no , I be not , and neither one of y'all be my husband , so y'all can not tell I shit . ( dart back toward the bedroom ) angel 5 p.o.v. : moving back away from lucky lucky : you know what I tell ya ass bout that ! the bedroom door be slam shut . lucky let he little girl out of he lap and loose . lucky : told she if she start do that shit , I be gonna take keisha to live with my momma . j-bone : ( look at cartoon ) she all right , lucky . believe I , I would know . lucky : yeah . ( take a swig , then place he forty on the table ) I gotta stop drink this shit . fuckin wit my brain . from outside someone call j- bone . he reluctantly leave the cartoon to sell some more crack . lucky start to take notice of all the clutter on the coffee table . downstair , j- bone make a transaction . we see a piece of a crack pipe under the hair of a Black baby doll . this catch lucky 's attention . lucky pick it up and notice angel 's lipstick be on its tip . he look from j- bone outside toward the bedroom . then he get up and walk in that direction . 29a inii : angelsslaace -day the bedroom where we see lucky open the door . Inside angel be just cover herself up after be with a gangsta . lucky close the door . idea . start shot of lucky open the door then pan over to reveal angel and the gangsta surprised then pan back to lucky 's reaction and he close the door . 29b int . angel' place --day the hallway as lucky take a moment to think . he walk off . the live room lucky pick up keisha lucky : c'mon , we gonna go see grandma . you momma trip . suddenly , angel burst from the bedroom , cursing and talk shit . angel : who the fuck you think you be ? you do not tell I what the fuck I can do ! who the fuck I can see ! 29c ext . angel' place --day overhead outside , downstairs , j- bone begin to take notice of the storm brewing in the apartment . he look up toward the noise . 290 another angle : on crane where j- bone run around and up the stair as we crane up with he and past the front of the apartment to see lucky and angel , perfectly frame in a window , argue up a storm . int . angelssplace -day back to live room as lucky and angel go at it . lucky have keisha in hand . j- bone enter the apartment and come in between the two of they . lucky : fuck you , bitch ! how you gonna be fuck some nigga while my little girl around here ?! ( to the guy ) what you look at nigga ? gangsta # 1 : hey , bone , you better tell this muthafucka to get outta mar face before I get my strap ! j- bone : lucky ! lucky , calm down , G ! lucky : naw , fuck she yamp ass ! gangsta # 1 : who be this muthafucka ? lucky throw the gangsta a funny look . then , break the first rule of the street , he turn he back on he to continue argue with angel . gangsta # 1 : what you look at , punk ? Mark ass , nigga ! gangsta # 1 sucka-punch lucky . and they both start a big fight in the middle of the small apartment . j- bone join the fight , on lucky 's side . j- bone : hey , hey ! lucky and j-bone kick he ass . tha gangsta be out cold . from the fire and light in lucky 's eye , we can see shade of he previous life . he and j- bone stand back to admire they handiwork . outside we can see a crowd have gather from the noise . lucky : aw , shit ! ijust get offa work . I do not need this shit . c'mon , keisha . later , bone . lucky walk off , daughter in hand . 30 ext . angel place --day as lucky , daughter in hand , quickly emerge . behind he angel throw a verbal arsenal of dirty insult and threat such as " fuck you , nigg ! " " you do not make no money , anyway ! " " how you know she you baby ? " etc . as lucky walk , we lower angel 's voice and hear another one of justice 's poem . justice ( v.o. ) : " in a time of secret woo today prepare tomorrow 's ruin . Left know not what right be do . my heart be tear asunder . in a time of furtive sigh . sweet hellos and sad goodby . half truth tell and entire lie . my conscience echoe thunder . " dissolve to : int . jessie' salon --late afternoon as we see justice stand over she notebook read a poem to lesha while put the finish touch on she head . the salon be nearly empty . jessie be sit at the counter . heywood be on the phone . justice : " in a time when kingdom come . Joy be brief as summer 's fun . happiness , its race have run . then pain stalk in to plunder . " ( close the notebook ) so what you think ? iesha : it 's pretty . what you call it ? justice : " in a time . " lesha 's beeper go off . iesha : ( look at she beeper ) uh-oh , Chicago paging I . iesha get out of the chair and go to the receptionist 's phone . heywood be on the phone . his face be so serious . jessie quickly point lesha in the direction of the pay phone on the wall . lesha sigh and walk that way . jessie : you need some change ? iesha ( o.s. ) : no. justice begin clean up she station . the counter where heywood get off the phone . from the look on he face he have hear some terrible news . jessie : what would they say ? heywood cross over to the couch , where he sit with he head down . jessie go over to console he . the wall phone where lesha be on the phone with Chicago . iesha ( with attitude ) : what you want ? ah , huh . ah , huh . yeah , I be wit it . we get a hair show to go to up there anyway . chicago ( 0.s. ) : bring one 'o you friend too . a ane one . iesha : what you mean , a ane one ? you try to say I get ugly friend ? justice and lesha make eye contact . both smile . suddenly in the background on justice , we see and hear police light converge on some brother across the street . this catch justice 's attention . back to couch where jessie be still consol heywood . behind they out the window be the police . jessie : what the hell they do now ?! I be as glad as hell we get outta here tomorrow . justice ( walk up ) : what 's wrong ? heywood get up and walk away . jessie stand . justice join jessie at the window . both stand in profile . Red and blue flash of light flow across they face . there be people leave the shop throughout this scene . jessie : you get you style together for tha oakland show ? justice ( demure ) : yeah . I 'ma play with Lisa and gena 's head . if they like it , they like it . if they do not , they do not . jessie : so you riding with we ? you know we get we a little caravan go . justice nod . jessie notice the stress on she face . jessie : justice . I know I be not you momma . Hell , I be not even old enough to be that . but we pretty close , and sometimes we talk like sister . I just gotta tell ya , baby ... you gotta move on . ... a man be not nothin but a tool . you get to know when to take them out tha box and when to put them back in . and if ya lose one -- well , you just ... go get another . ... take a chance , do something different for a change . there 's always another man somewhere out here . ( look out the window ) you gotta know sometimes you gonna lose one . ( matter offactly ) like a blow dryer or a good brush . what I gotta do ? play momma to everybody in this shop ? justice think , look down for a moment , then out the window once more . back to the stall where we see dexter , heywood , and four other stylist : Marine , Colette , Lisa , and gena . dexter : where 's my blow dryer ! I be tired of all my shit disappear alla time ! heywood ( coolly ) : calm down . calm down . here it be . I borrow it for a wrap I have to do this morning . dexter : heywood ! why you always borrow my shit without ask ?! heywood : I ask you for it this morning , and you say yes . why be you cry over it like a bitch ? dexter : who you call a bitch ? if anybody 's a bitch , you a bitch ! heywood : Excuse I ? you want some ? maybe you forget I be Golden glove . you catchin I on tha wrong muthafuckinday . maxine : all right . all right . dexter ! as much as you talk and you borrow everybody else 's stuff alla time . ( look over he tool ) like my brush right here . maxine walk away . as she do , we notice the round beautiful fullness of she bootay . her hair be dyed blood red . dexter : I be gonna give it to ya , maxine , I just get distract . mmm-mmm . heywood : shit , I be wrestlin champ at crenshaw High School . justice stall where she and lesha meet up once more . iesha begin play with she new braid in tha mirror . justice : so what you new man talk bout ? iesha : he want I to go onna run with them . ( start scrutinize she hair ) this be good now . I do not haveta be mess around with it . just walk out tha house -- ya know . justice : yeah . what 's a run ? iesha : oh , you know what a run be . iesha keep fix she hair . it be apparent that she be luring justice 's curiosity . justice take the bait . justice ( pull lesha 's hand away from she head ) : no , I do not . and stop mess with it . what 's a run ? he be not no slanger be he ? iesha : a run ... be , well , it 's like this . you really wanna know ? justice give she a frustrated look . iesha : well , you know my boyfriend Chicago , right ? CUT to : 32 ext the post office --dusk where we see Chicago point at a truck and sign a rec order . " that one , " he say . he be brush he head with a flat brush and argue with a Oriental co-worker . iesha ( v.o. ) : you know he work at the post office and all . the one on century and Van ness . well , every so often he and he friend at work , they have to drive up to oakland in this mail truck , see . 32a int . jessie' salon --dusk back to scene iesha : you listen ? justice ( she interest apparently lose ) : yeah . in the background the other stylist be leave . a few of they say goodbye to justice before they go . justice resume clean she station . her interest in lesha 's proposal be lose . iesha ( attempt to persuade ) : well , we get in this mail truck and we drive up the coast , get drunk , eat mexican food , and just have a good time . it 's fun ! ( see no effect ) you be not have it , huh ? justice : no , I be not . that be too to the curb . how be I gonna look like riding in some mail truck ? what you do see some mailman , anyway ? you know they do not make no money ! what he gonna do for you ? mail you bill for free ?! iesha fold she arm in defiance of justice 's comment . iesha : ( frustrated with justice ) how come you do not ever wanna have no fun no more ? girl , the world be just one big place waitin for we to go out and fuck up in it . you gonna end up be a straight spinster . we see justice 's face . she be definitely look more harden . iesha pull a wad of money out of she pocket and give it to justice . iesha ( walk out ) : later . thanks . you a straight buster ! jessie come up . jessie : what she all mad about ? justice : nuthin . we hear on the salon 's radio the beginning of " what you see , be what you get ! " jessie : listen , meet we at my place at eight o'clock tomorrow . come on , let 's close up . we pan over to reveal heywood dance . he go over to jessie , and they start to dance . justice be leave stand alone . dissolve to : 33 ext jessie' salon --dusk as we see justice , jessie , and heywood close the shop . justice pull the iron gate close and secure its front . jessie lock the lock . a car cruise by , and we hear some bump sound of hip - hop music come from the inside speaker as well as the voice of some brother shouting out compliment to this two beautiful sistah . we also hear heywood go on about how he love himself , how life be beautiful . he tell justice , " see , that 's you problem , justice . you do not love yourself . " dissolve to : 34 int . justice 's Home -- night it look though it be decorate by she grandmother , which in fact it be . we notice a portrait of a elderly woman with similar feature as justice . there be also more than a few clock around , one grandfather clock and a large twenty - four-hour sandclock be prominent . justice have nothing but time on she hand . the air be full of tick mingle with the sound of the outside street . we dissolve through this image and slide into ... 35 int . bathroom - night we start outside the doorwity and slowly move in , invade justice 's privacy . justice be busy roll she hair in the mirror . she be alone . she look at she face in the mirror . she be a mess . she let she mind wander as she look at the cold tile floor . suddenly , justice think she hear something . pan from mirror to she face as she hear the sound . 36 int . halllway --night where justice quietly stalk . she be nervous as hell . the sound of the clock become more prominent as she move forward . justice 's p.o.v. move forward , as she walk down the stair . the doorway where justice stand . someone be on the other side . we hear a slight scratch , then silence . quiet tension . this be break up by the sound of a friendly meow . justice open the door , and a big white cat enter . justice : White Boy ! c'mere . she pick he up . pet he , then he pull away with a screech and run offscreen . 36 continued justice : yeah , you just like a boy . I should have you fix . the live room where justice pick up the remote control to turn on the television . on the screen be Bet 's Midnight Love . there be a montage of romantic r&b video . a flash of static and we ... CUT to : 37 int . iesha be apartment - night we see lesha and Chicago do a smooth , close , sexy ragamuffln dance . we hear some ragamuffin music in the background . 37a int . : jutice's live room -- night back to justice justice seem dissatisfied . she turn the television off . across the room we see justice sit at the piano . she look bored . close on the piano key as justice press a low - note key . the sound transcend we into the next scene . dissolve to : 38 int . : justice 'slivlng room --night as we see justice look through a collection of 45 record . she pick out one . the record player as the record begin to spin . the first few bar of stevie wonder 's " I never dream you would leave in summer " float into the air . justice : as she begin to groove to the music . she walk toward the kitchen . 38a int . justice 'shome --night various angle of the empty room within the house . 38 aa int justice's kitchen --night where she make popcorn . pour it in a bowl , then pour tabasco sauce on it . 38b ext . justice home -- night through the window from outside from a voyeuristic Pov we see justice groove to the music and eat she popcorn . she pick up a candy bar offa table . 38c int . justice 'shome - night hack inside justice stop dance , candy bar in she mouth . she look around for a moment and then into a mirror . everything seem hue , then out of nowhere she burst into tear . she cry a few tear for a few second , then wipe they away . the telephone justice pick up the receiver and enter some digit . 39 int . ieshas apartment -night we see a pair of lip that turn out to be a telephone as lesha pick up the receiver , and we follow it to reveal she and Chicago in bed together , iesha lie on she stomach with Chicago on top . tha skin be deftnitely on . Chicago be wear nothing except it Chicago bull fisherman 's cap . ragamuffin music be play in the background mon . iesha : who dis ? oh , what 's up , girl ? you change you mind ? ... somethin wrong ? 40 int . justice 'shome -night justice : no . no , girl , I just want to talk . 40a int . ieshas apartment bedroom -- night back to iesha chicago ( whisper ) : get off tha phone . get off tha phone . ( louder ) she busy ! iesha : I be talk to my friend , you mind ?! ( roll she eye and reach into a bag of frito ) listen , J , I be kinda busy . could you call I back later ? justice ( o.s. ) : yeah . iesha hang up the phone . chicago : finally . iesha ( get up ) : what you mean ? you be not do nuthin anyway ! 41 int . justice 'sliving room --night where she sit . her eye wander around the room and then rest on she cat across the way . the cat look back at she , then turn around and walk away into the hallway . justice shake she head . then she eye settle on something else . the coffee table where we move up on she notebook . justice as she wipe a few more tear away and reach for she notebook . 42 int . lucky' house -- night a notebook as we see it be open . its page be ratty . we notice its page be color with child 's drawing : a family , a dog , a house . the live room where we see lucky lie on the couch like a potato watch television . in the foreground keisha lie on the floor draw in she notebook . on television be one of that Tom foo infomercials . he 's that chinese guy who sit on a boat with a lot of pretty woman ( ah white ) and say , " you can be rich too . " we can not tell if lucky be look at this or be lose in he own thought . he mumble a rhyme about Black business versus Korean exploitation . keisha as she look at the screen . we hear a helicopter go overhead as its spotlight flow into the room . keisha react to it with indifference and continue to draw . lucky calmly cut he eye in that direction . the Light get he attention and prompt he to get up and make a phone call . lucky : Operator ? yeah , give I oakland , please . Area code 415 . 42b int . cousin kalil' SOUND lab : oakwvd - night where we travel past a ringing phone and some sound equipment to reveal a picture of a young man . we attention settles on he eye . this be lucky 's cousin , kalil . suddenly we hear the SOUND of gunshot . 43a int lucky'sliving room -- night back to lucky he take he ear away from the phone and look in the direction the shot be come from . there be some question as to which end of the telephone the shot come from . close on lucky 's face . he look up in the direction of the gunshot and down on the floor . the floor : lucky' p.o. V : where keisha be roll up in a ball . lucky ( hang up phone ) : go to bed . keisha get up and go toward the bedroom . lucky look at she exit , then go toward the window and look outside the blind . on the tv in the background be the life alert commercial , 'i have fall and I can not get up . " we see lucky through the blind in the foreground and the tv in the background . the doorway where a woman enter . she be a short , medium -size woman , with a pretty but harden face . the light in she eye say she still have some humor leave . this be Annie , lucky 's mother . she have a bag of grocery in hand . lucky : hi , momma ! need some help ? annie : just like you to offer help when I only get one bag . ... so be you go up north to see kalil this weekend ? lucky : yeah , look like we finally gonna get this music thing go . tryin to hook somebody up to listen to this tape -- so I will not haveta be do this post office shit no more . annie : do not be cursing around I . who you think I be , one 'a you friend ? be glad you get a honest job . and do not be wear out you welcome , go to oakland every other weekend . you know how you aunt audrey can get ! lucky : it 's not even like that , momma . ( sigh in frustration ) the kitchen where Annie enter and begin to load the refrigerator up with goods . lucky come into the background . lucky : keisha 's here . Annie begin to glow with the mention of she grandchild . annie : really ? how 's my grandbaby do ? lucky : she fine . I want she to stay here , for good . Annie react to this . lucky : angel be fuck up bad . base . a pause . silence . neither of they say anything . lucky begin to walk back toward the live room . annie : be you gonna take care of she ? lucky turn around . he think . 44 int keisha' room --night close on keisha in bed under cover . CUT to : lucky : yeah . he walk away . 44a int lucky' live room -- night back to the live room where lucky get closer to the television and turn on the sega Genesis Joe Montana football game . he begin play . annie ( o.s. ) : well , you just remember , that 's you baby . I be do raise kid ! you need to quit play they video game and figure out what you gonna do with you life . time be not forever ! lucky' face : as we move into he face as he play . we hear bass beat get louder and louder , then boom ! we smash cut to ... 45 int . justice's home --morning montage of justice prepare to go on the trip to oakland . the music we hear come from she live room stereo . 46 int justice's bedroom --day where she throw she Louis vuitton luggage bag . several article of clothing follow into the bag . 47 int . justice 'sliving room --day the table where justice arrange she cosmetology tool by order of preference and priority . we hear she mumble " I need this , and this , and this . " 48 int . justice 'shat room--day whene we see justice look around in a room full of hat . she pick up a baseball cap with she name justice on the front . 48a int justice 'sliving room --day another setup : the live room she run frantically into frame . we quickly move into she as she turn around and think for a moment . 49 ext justice 'shome --day the front porch where justice fill a large dog bowl full of meow mix cat food . her cat come into frame at she foot and begin surveying this feast . when justice go back inside , she cat be join by no less than eight other neighborhood cat . 49a int . justice home -day justice turn off the stereo and grab she key . 50 ext . justice home --the front walkway --morning where justice walk in a quick hustle toward she car . she turn off the alarm with a key-chain button . the car shout out in a electronic voice , " disarm " another angle as justice try to start up she car . it will not start . she hit the dashboard in frustration and think for a moment . 51 int justice's home --day the kitchen where we see justice on the telephone . we hear the phone ringing on the other end . 52 int . jessie' apartment-day jesse's answering machine which click on . we hear some smooth r&b music , then jessie 's voice . over this we see the follow image . jessie ( v.o. ) ( sexy voice ) : hi . this be I . if you do not know who I be , then you have no business call I . the live room where we see jessie 's meticulous but uniquely furnish apartment . her place be just like she : polished , and all about the look . jessie ( v.o . ) if you do know who I be , then you can do I a favor . jesisiex bedroom where we see she large ornate bed . what tale it could tell if it could speak . 53 ext . jessie apartiment-day where we see jessie lean up against she car , a 1 992 Lexus . she take the last toke of she cigarette and throw it on the ground and extinguish it with she sharp - ass shoe . in the background we hear heywood say , " we be wait for half a hour . she be not come ! let she catch up ! " jessie get in the car and drive away as justice 's voice click in on she machine . jessie ( v.o. ) : leave I a message . okay ? thank you . justice ( v.o. ) jessie , it 's I , justice . you there ? well , I be run a ( she decide it 's futile ) shit ! 53a int . justice's home --day back to justice's home another angle as she hang up the phone . she think for a second , then dial some more digit . justice : iesha ? what 's up , cow ? 54 ext . justice's home --day where justice and iesha walk past justice 's car . iesha : I be tell you , girl , you gonna have fun . there be not nothing like this . justice give she car a kick and the alarm go off . she quickly turn it off with she key . as they walk out , we follow with they until we let they cross and be on they back to reveal the truck , which be a 1990 ford-made U.S. mail truck . it be all white with the government seal paint on both its side . justice stop in she track . justice and iesha as justice take in the sight of the truck , iesha be all smile , in contrast to justice 's discomfort . justice : I do not believe I be do this . iesha : c'mon , we gonna have fun . they walk toward the truck , and we see lucky in the front seat . lucky switch he US . mail cap to a more comfortable Sox hat . he smile at justice . offsccreen we hear Chicago in the back of the truck . chicago ( 0.s. ) : muthafucka say that girl from ethiopia ! that bitch from compton ! how she gonna be from ethiopia and have a kid name lammar ? lucky : she look it , though . justice walk back to iesha on the side of the truck . justice : I do not know about this . iesha : why you gotta be a buster ? c'mon , take a chance for a change ! cow ! 55 int . the truck ---day where lucky look back at Chicago . chicago : she ane , loc. lucky : humph , I know that hoe . crazy ass . she work in a beauty shop on fifty - fourth . the passenger door where justice and iesha get into the truck . lucky go back into he quiet , cool , unassume mode . iesha be all smile as she do the introduction . iesha : lucky . this my friend justice . justice , this be lucky . justice ( with attitude ) : hi. lucky : whatsup . the back seat where we see iesha and Chicago . iesha : and you know Chicago already . chicago : whatsup , baby . iesha : baby ? well . let 's go . lucky start up the engine . 56 ext the truck --day we see the front of the truck : Ford symbol all up in we face . we pan past the US . mail symbol . 57 int . the truck --day lucky shift into first gear as we tilt up and he smile at justice . justice who be not amused . she put on sunglass . 58 ext . the truck --day wide as we see the truck turn in the street to make a U. 59 ext crenshaw boulevard --day where we see the truck go up the street and end on a crenshaw sign . they be leave they part of the city . 60 int . the truck --day from inside we see the overpass of the 10 freeway come up . insert the 10 freeway West . a traffic light which we hear and see turn red . 61 ext . corner of adam and crenshaw--day where we see the truck come to stop . the truck where lucky wait for the light . he look over on the other side of the street . the bus stop where a Old woman get she pocketbook steal . back to lucky who make a expression that read " oh , well . " there be no shock on he face . that 's the way of the world , as Earth , wind and Fire sa ;ys . 62 ext . the truck : back --day iesha and Chicago affectionately play with each other , lesha give he a couple of love tap . chicago ( laugh ) : you can not make you mind up whether you wanna kiss I or hit I , huh ? that you way of say you like my ass ? iesha ( jokingly ) : I do not . chicago ( make a muscle ) : feel that . feel that muscle . that 's man stuff . iesha : that be not shit . Chicago grab one of she breast . iesha : oww , shit ! muthafucka , do not be grab my tittie like that ! angle on justice who glance behind she back at iesha and Chicago and then into the sideview mirror once again . 62a omit time slow down 63 ext . : the ten freeway-day montage of road sign of various sign along the 10 freeway at first we go past sign that read LA cienega , century CITY / beverly hill , then we begin to read 405 NORTH SACRAMENTO . different shot of the truck travel between dissolves . 64 ext . desert highway --day we start on a car as it come in the other left-hand lane , and as it go past , we whip pan with it to reveal the truck . lucky and justice be in the front seat . justice be obviously bored out of she mind . lucky adjust he vision from the road to she in a attempt to grab she attention . 65 int . the : truck --day lucky be drive . he look at justice out of the corner of he eye . justice be look out at the road . her face be conceal behind sunglass . we can not tell if she be lose in the scenery or in she own world . the back where Chicago and iesha be asleep . iesha be cradle in he arm . front seat where there be virtual silence . all we can hear be the sound of the engine , the road , and other pass car . lucky attempt to break the ice . lucky : you kinda quiet , huh ? justice doesn 't saty anything . lucky : guess so . justice : do not have nuthin to say . lucky : why you so mean ? what you get to be so mean about ? justice remain silent . she continue look out the window . lucky : oh , so you one of they angry bitch , huh ? a feminist . justice turn around . lucky have get she attention . justice : what do you call I ? lucky ( matter offactly ) : I say you a mean bitch . justice ( take offher glass ) : no , nigga ! you do not call I no bitch ! you do not know I ! you do not know nothing about I ! lucky : I know you a bitch ! look at the way you actin . I be try to act all courteous and shit , and I gotta call you a bitch to even get you damn attention ! justice : fuck you , I be not no bitch , I be a Black woman ! I deserve respect ! if I be a bitch , yo momma 's a bitch ! lucky : you a bitch ! we be not talk about my momma ! we talk about you ! think you too fine to talk to nobody ! L.A. bitch ! I be tired of them ! justice be fume now . justice : let I out ! lucky ( coolly ) : where you gonna go , huh ? where you gonna go ? justice : fuck you ! I will walk ! 66 ext . roadside --day where we see the truck pull to the side of the road . the passenger door open , and justice get out , bag in hand . lucky : get tha fuck out then , bitch ! walk you ass home ! it will do they big -ass thigh of yours some good anyway ! Cottage cheese leg ! justice turn , fume mad . the last thing you should joke about with a woman be she weight , even if she have a nice body . justice : I better not see you ass around L.A. ' cause I be gonna get some niggas to fuck you up ! the back of the truck where lesha wake up from the sound of justice and lucky argue . she mumble , " what 's go on ?! " justice : they gonna fuck you up ! lucky : fuck you , bitch ! justice : fuck you up ! this exchange go on one more time , then lucky cut it off by abruptly close the passenger door in justice 's face . iesha poke she head up from it . iesha : what you do !? what 's happen ? where my girl at ?! lucky ( shifting into first gear ) : I be leave that bitch ! iesha : leave she ! you can not just leave my friend out here in the middle of nowhere ?! Chicago ! Chicago , wake up ! 67 ext : desert road --day from on high we see the truck get back on the road and drive off as we come down to reveal justice . she be piss off beyond pisstivity ! 68 int the truck --day where we see lucky drive . he be piss off also . he be think heavily about he action . iesha ( o.s. ) : Chicago ! lucky leave justice ! lucky leave justice ! chicago ( o.s. ) : so what ! I be try to sleep ! iesha ( o.s. ) : but he leave she ! he leave she out in the middle of nowhere ! Chicago come up close to the back of lucky 's head . chicago ( o.s. ) : lucky . what 's up , G ? lucky sigh and look into he side mirror . wipe : 69 ext . desert road --day : minute later justice be in the foreground , and the truck be follow along in the background . iesha be try to convince she to get into the truck . iesha : c'mon , justice , get in the truck . ai not you kinda hot ? lucky say he would apologize . lucky look at lesha . his face be about as nonapologetic as you can get . ai not no apology jump off today . iesha : c'mon , justice . j! ( see something ) justice walk past a big diamondback rattlesnake . she be so mad , she doesn 't even notice it , iesha play it off and continue to call justice . iesha ( turn to lucky ) : justice ! she get kinda stubborn sometimes . stop the truck . the truck stop , and iesha get out . Chicago get into the front seat . wide as we see iesha get out of the truck and walk over to she friend . lucky exit the driver 's side and go to the back of the truck . the back of the truck where lucky open the wide door to let justice and iesha into the back . justice and iesha come around the corner . the latter hold a consol arm around she friend 's shoulder . justice and lucky come face to face . justice ( look up and then with a mean face ) : you still gonna get fuck up ! iesha smile and try to laugh it off . the two woman climb inside . lucky begin to close the door , but not before give he comeback to justice 's threat . lucky : frankly , my dear . I do not give a fuck . 70 int . roadside -- the forest --day 71 int . jessiescar --day hootch montage we see a pair of nail be ale with a nail filer . a compact mirror , where we see eye shadow be apply to a beautiful brown eye . a pair of nail be be paint bright red . the hand be bring up to reveal they belong to Colette . she admire she handiwork . 71a ext roadside --the forest --day heywood walk up look through the viewfinder of a small videocam . videocam P. o. V : where we see jessie in the foreground stand next to she car . in the far background we can hear the rest of they party off in the wood . we should get the idea some of they be take a leak . jessie : it 's not on . you gotta push the button . heywood ( v.o. ) : what button ? jessie : the red one . heywood ( v.o. ) : oh , this button . ( push the button and the word rec flash on the screen in the left-hand corner . ) it 's on . showtime ! jessie proceed to act a fool and show off in front of the camera . jessie : well , here I be . it 's I . ( coolly pose on she car and take a toke of she cigarette ) in the wilderness . the wild blue yonder . in the background we can see dexter come out of the tree zipping up he pants . he call back in the tree to one of the woman . dexter : hey , Marine ! I think I see a snake back there . you better hope it do not bite you big ass ! jessie : they gettin close to nature . ( laugh ) heywood laugh too , offscreen . he drop the camera . wipe : 72 ixt . the truck -- day where lucky and Chicago ride along in the front seat . Chicago be drive with one hand and brush he head with the other . Chicago start hum a few bar of a song . lucky join in with a bass beat from he mouth . we soon recognize the theme from sanford and Son . 73 ext . theroad -day we see the truck drive along . 74 int : the truck --later chicago : I be tell ya , it be he . saw them in the liquor store . lucky : which one ? chicago : J and B on Manchester ? lucky : ... you out you mind ! chicago : he have the beard , tha voice , everything . he buy a forty of Red bull . lucky : you see marvin gaye in the liquor store , buy a forty ? you stupid muthafucka ! the truck make a funny noise . chicago : ( rrushing he head ) it 's thirsty . pull the second tank . lucky pull a knob . the car make another weird noise . Chicago and lucky look at each other , bewilder . back of truck justice and lesha look at each other . justice be make shape with a piece of string . lucky : empty . I think you fill them . chicago : I think you do . lucky give he a look that read " you stupid muthafucka . " CUT to : 75 ext . roadside coffee and gas -day where we see the truck pull into one of the station . in the background we see a eigh teen - wheeler semi truck pull into the other side . another angle as lucky hop out of the truck . he walk toward the back of the truck , just as lesha and justice open the back door . we hold on they for a moment . iesha : good , now I can get I some liquor ! they walk past as we follow they and end on Chicago . chicago : hey , hey , do not get crazy now ! and buy I a forty and some cheeto ! the girl walk on . iesha wave off Chicago . lucky ( o.s. ) : you need to put she in check ! c'mon , let 's hurry up . try to stay on schedule for a change . fuck that cp time ! the pump : opposite side a foot step out of the cab . a pair of glove be take off , revealing wear calluse hand . the same hand unscrew the cap off the truck 's massive gas tank . tne side of the gas pump the ' pump where we see lucky 's hand grab the handle . another hand grab at the same time . lucky look up to see . a large white trucker . checked shirt , suspender , big leather boot . there be a short moment between lucky and the trucker . lucky : you mind ? t'he trucker nod , indicate that he do not . he continue to study lucky . opposite side of the pump where lucky insert the nozzle into the tank and begin to pump the gas . CUT to : 76 int . roadside coffee and gas - day the freezer where iesha be select liquor . iesha : I gotta have my Gordon 's and socko . justice , check that freezer , see if they get some Super socko . ... hey , they do not have Old E ! y'all do not have no Old English ? the counter where the cashier throw he hand up , indicate that they do not carry . justice : girl , do not you know they do not sell that outside of Black neighborhood ? iesha : oh yeah , I forget . oh well , Chicago gonna have to settle for a Miller Light . justice : do not get too crazy now . you know how you get when you drink . you hear what you man say . iesha : Chicago ?! I do not listen to he . he be not my daddy ! justice : he 's suppose to be you man , though . iesha : sheeehit ! I get he sprung ! I be make that fool stutter . you know he start stutter when he lie and shit . CUT to : 77 ext . roadside coffee and gas - day close : chicago chicago : now , now , now , wait , wait , wait , see , see , see ! another angle lucky : money ?! you give she money ?! chicago : just sometimes . I like my woman to have tha best . lucky : you get playedl how much o' that coochie she be give up ? 77a ext . roadside coffee and gas --day back to store iesha : I do not hardly have to do nothing . I be ration it to them . justice : ration tha booty ! ( laugh ) 77b ext roadside coffee and gas --day back to pump chicago : aw , nigga , I be knock that shit out every other day . she can not get enough o' I . 77c ext roadside coffee and gas --day back to store iesha : that nigga be weak ! ai not get no rhythm ! plus , he a preemie ! you know what a preemie be ? two-minute brotha . justice laugh . 77d ext . : roadside coffee and gas --day back to pump lucky : you pay for it ! chicago : wait , wait , wait ! lucky : naw , nigga , you can not say shit ! you pay for it ! page for tha poon ! he glance across the pump . the truck where the trucker stand patiently with he arm fold . lucky : be do in a second , cuzz . the trucker wait . arm fold . 77e ext roadside coffee and gas --day back to store justice be at the counter . justice : you get everything ? iesha : yeah . so what you think of lucky ? justice : I do not . look . she point to a display where we see some toy water gun . iesha : oooow ! the cashier have finish . he have a total . cashier : that will be $ 15.35 . justice walk back over to the counter . justice ( o.s. ) : I get it . iesha , pick up some o' that blow bubbles , too . CUT to : 78 ext roadside coffee and gas --day where we see justice burst out of the store laugh . she turn and begin squirting water at lesha . we travel with they back to the truck as iesha playfully squirt Chicago . he start run after she . he catch she , and they affectionately play with each other . the contrast of they play to the tension between lucky and justice be apparent . they share a quiet , uncomfortable glance . justice get into the passenger seat . lucky ( to Chicago and lesha ) : get in tha truck ! we do not have all day ! shit ! I gotta be somewhere . he walk around the side of the truck . the puimp where the trucker begin pump he gas . 79 ext . roadside coffee and gas --day where we see the truck take off once more . 80 int : the truck --day the back where iesha and Chicago be kick it . Chicago look bored . iesha be mixing the gin with the Super socko . iesha : drink some o' this . she hand he the Super socko . Chicago take a squig . iesha : drink some more . to the middle . Chicago take a couple more drink . he check for the level of socko leave . iesha take the bottle back and fill it with gin . she then proceed to shake it up . chicago : lemme have my forty . he look in the bag . iesha : they do not have no Old E. Chicago look frustrated . iesha have finish she concoction . she sample she work . take a small sip from the bottle . iesha : mmmmmm . she pass the bottle to Chicago , who take a sip . over they drink we hear justice 's voice . justice ( v.o. ) : " Love be a juice with many taste . some bitter , other sweet . a wine which have few .. . " 81 int . the truck : front --day justice's notebook where we see she hand write . justice ( v.o. ) : " ... few ... vineyard . " justice be lose in think . where to go from here ? lucky take notice of she write out of the corner of he eye . justice notice lucky look at she periodically . she take particular notice of he dirty nasty fingernails . justice : you fingernails be dirty . lucky look at he fingernails . he seem kinda self - conscious and move he hand to another part of the steering wheel . lucky : what you write ? justice ( a beat ) : stuff . there be a uneasy space of time between they . they look at each other out of the corner of they eye . they almost make eye contact . 82 ext the road --day where we see the truck zoom up the road and into the distance . dissolve to : 83 int . the truck -- day the back where Chicago and iesha settle in the back seat let the liquor take its effect . chicago : say you love I . iesha : why ? chicago : Cause I say so ! iesha : that 's what you wanna hear , huh ? chicago : yeah . iesha : really ? good. ( get up , stretch she arm ) you be so dumb . the more I teach you the dumber you get . ( do a double take and smell the air ) mmmmm . s'mthe smell good . the front from the outside : driver' side where lucky and justice sit . lucky : what 's that smell ? justice sample the air with she beautiful nose . justice : barbecue . Chicago come up front . chicago : y'all smell that ? lucky : ( he eye catch something ) yeah . from the inside of the window we see a sign which read johnson family reunion . iesha : what this ? justice ( with open eye ) : oh shit ! look ! another angle as we see a virtual ocean of Black face in the distance . there be a gather of some kind go on in a large park by the side of the freeway . we start on this image , then pan over to reveal the truck move forward . 84 ext . the truck --day as we travel alongside the truck as we see it in relation to the reunion . note Three level : truck in f.g. itree in m.g. / people in b.g. / character speak in Long shot . chicago : c'mon , we gonna get some barbecue . lucky : we can not stay long , man . I gotta get to oakland . why niggas always gotta be think about eat ?! you eat too much anyway . that 's why you head so big . Hair look like taco meat . 85 ext . the truck --day as the truck stop and everybody get out and walk toward the gather of people . iesha lag behind and take the last couple of sip from she drink . she take one long last hit . 86 ext the johnson family reunion --day wide as we start on lucky , justice , and Chicago , and iesha run to catch up . they be walk forward just as we swing behind they and crane up to reveal a banner that read johnson family reunion . montage of image we see people talk , play game , some hugging , reunion between relative , old mixing with the young , some dance and a lot of food be cook . this be the Johnson family reunion . we emphasize this last image of food be cook . lucky and chicago look at each other . they intention be obvious . iesha catch up as we pull back with she , to reveal all four of they . iesha : what y'all gonna do ? chicago : we gonna eat . justice : this be not you family ! lucky : we Black . they do not know that . angle where we see a brother who be walk through the crowd obviously drunk . he be about thirty year old and have a beard . he be also talk very loud greeting everyone around he . everyone around seem to be amused by he antic . he be know as cousin Pete . cousin pete : my cousin ! my cousin ! I be with my family ! my family ! ( see a couple of line woman stand together ) mmmm , how you do ? we related , huh ? the woman nod yes . cousin pete : oh , really ? well , you know , third remove do not count . laugh and move on ) ' I 'he crowd part to reveal he as he walk toward the foursome . cousin pete : my cousin ! my cousin ! what 's up , cousin ? you get a pretty girlfriend here . y'all make a good couple . justice's face as she react to be call lucky 's girlfriend . cousin pete : what 's you name , cousin ? lucky : people call I lucky . cousin pete : with a lady like this , I would say that too . what 's you name , sweet li'l West Coast thang ? justice : justice . cousin pete : justice ? you mean like the law , huh ? justice : yeah . cousin pete : how you get a name like that ?! justice : it 's a long story . this be - iesha ( put on air ) iesha . and this be my husband , Chicago . we see subtle eye contact between iesha and justice . chicago : how you do ? lucky : yo , ah-- cousin , what 's you name ? cousin pete : just call I cousin Pete . I want y'all to meet some family . they begin to walk , cousin Pete lead the way . anotifer angle : moving back as cousin Pete begin introduce lucky , justice , lesha , and Chicago to the Johnson family . he introduce a few relative , then we switch to a p.o.v. shot and we go past they face and see they as he say they name . we end on three old lady sit at a picnic table . cousin pete ( v.o. ) : this be aunt jessica , uncle herb , aunt aida Pearl , uncle Fred and he wife wilma , cousin Isaac , cousin James , cousin kwame , the kid , I do not know all of they name , and sit here be aunt June , aunt May , and aunt April . the bench where three old woman sit : aunt April , aunt May , and aunt June . from they face we can tell they be full of opinion . cousin pete : so y'alljust enjoy yourself , and have fun . iesha and Chicago go to sit down on the bench across the table from the three old woman . iesha sit in Chicago 's lap . lucky : that food look good . cousin pete : do not it ? go on , help yourself lucky and justice walk toward the table with food . angle : moving backward on lesha and Chicago iesha ( wit to sarcasm ) : Goodbye . do not they make such a nice couple ? justice turn and throw lesha a nasty look and continue walk with lucky . back to table where lesha and Chicago settle . they be both thoroughly amused by the game they be play . the both a they then turn to notice the stern face of the three old women we pan past the stern face of aunt April , aunt May , and aunt June . we rest on June 's face as she speak ... aunt JUNE : be y'all in love ? iesha and chicago look at each other . iesha : yeah . aunt JUNE : do you know what love be child ? iesha : no . aunt may : how can you be in love if and you do not know what it be ? iesha : that 's just how thing go . the three woman be quiet for a moment . aunt may : be y'all marry ? iesha : yeah . aunt april : you young . how long you be marry ? iesha ( look at Chicago ) : six month . aunt June 's hawklike eye probe iesha . aunt june's p.o.v. : we see lesha 's hand on Chicago 's shoulder . then we tilt up to reveal she face . she look at she hand search for a ring . iesha : oh , I do not wear it alla time . wide of the table . you could cut the tension in the air with a knife . aunt JUNE ( to Chicago ) : you do not mind if she do not wear you ring ? iesha ( answer for he ) : no , he do not mind . aunt may : I think he can answer for himself . if he 's a real man . a real man always answer for himself . chicago ( a beat ) : no. no - I do not mind . the three woman shake they head . one say , " shoot , my husband kill I if I didn 't wear no ring . " CUT to : 87 ext . the johnson family reunion --day the food table where lucky be fill he plate with food . justice be nearby . next to she be a woman with a baby . the woman be try to fix a plate of food and hold the baby at the same time . justice : damn you greedy . lucky : gotta eat to live . justice notice the woman have trouble juggling baby and plate . justice : you need help ? woman : thank you . justice take the baby in she arm . lucky look at she out of the corner of he eye and continue surveying the food . justice : aww , she 's so cute . we see the baby 's face . she be a black angel . lucky ( with sarcasm ) : you be see they professional man , huh ? doctor , lawyer , pharmacist . ( taste something , then add ) Street pharmacist ? justice look at lucky , then down at the baby . lucky : ah huh , I know you be like that . justice say nothing . the woman finish fix she plate . woman : here , I will take she . justice : she 's beautiful . what 's she name ? woman : her name be imani . the woman walk off to a table and sit with another group of relative . justice : you get a kid ? lucky : why ? justice : ' Cause you look the type . lucky begin to walk . another angle : wide traveling as they walk together and talk . in the background we see kid play , and some old man throw horseshoe , etc . lucky : what 's the type ? justice : dunno , you just look like -- like -- lucky look at she for a second , stop walk , and walk on . lucky ( change the subject ) : anyway ! you get any kid ? justice ( vehemently ) : Hell , naw . I do not like kid . they arrive at some chair and sit down . lucky : do not look like that to I ! ( look around ) this be good . you ever be to one a' this ? justice : no . I do not have a lot of family . the family I have be not that close . lucky ( look around ) : well , I never see this many Black folk in one place where there be not no fight . hmmm . ... now what about this street pharmacist you useta go out with ? justice : yeah , I only go out with one .... he be my first boyfriend -- my first love . lucky : so you be out for tha money , huh ? justice : no. just ' cause somebody do a certain something for a livin do not make them a bad person . some people do not choose they path in life . they let other folk write they story . most of they in jail now . ( add ) there 's some fine niggas in jail . lucky : you use to count he money ? justice : yep . lucky : write letter to them while he be inna county jail ? justice : mmmm-huh . that 's right . lucky : you use to send them naked picture while they in jail too ? close : justice's face justice ( a beat ) : you get too personal . ... oh what do you know . you do not even keep you nail clean ! she get up and walk awtty . lucky just look at she , grin , and shake he head . dissolve to : different image kid play . two little boy fight and be break up by cousin Pete , who say , " y 'all family . Don 't fight . " old men throwing horseshoe . some young people be dance . a few older folk join in on the fun . lucky and Chicago play a game of spade with cousin Pete and another man . iesha go to a ice chest to get a bacardi cooler . justice play with some child . the three old woman sit like statue . lucky and Chicago win a hand , then start the game up again . cousin Pete shout out , " awright then , let 's play for money , play for money ! " iesha get another drink . justice rest on the beautiful green grass as a little girl put a flower in she hair . suddenly , she turn to notice something . one of the old woman tap another as all three direct they attention toward iesha , who be talk to some brother , a fly-look johnny gill type . there be definite interest in both they eye . justice look from this sight over toward Chicago . the card table where Chicago notice this also . he be piss . offsccreen , someone ask he to deal he hand . he do so , never take he eye off of ... iesha and johnny we pan from iesha 's drunken smile face to the handsome face of johnny . the old women be have a field day . all three of they be talk away and look out the corner of they eye . justice get up from the child and walk over toward lesha . wide as justice approach lesha and johnny . justice : I gotta talk to my friend for a second . rack to card table where we move in on Chicago 's face . lucky : look at Chicago and then over toward lesha . hack to shot where lesha pull away from justice and go back to talk with she new friend . chicago get up and throw he entire hand down . we pan over to lucky , who take off he hat and scratch he head . lucky ( under he breath ) : oh , shit ! wide shot as Chicago walk into the shot toward lesha and johnny . lesha look over at Chicago nonchalantly . she do not even acknowledge he presence . Chicago grab she arm . iesha pull away and try to resume she conversation . Chicago pull she again , and lesha walk away toward the parking lot . johnny try to interfere and Chicago push he . she begin cursing loudly , make it more of a scene than it already be . Chicago and the brother get into a fight . several family member attempt to break it up . justice be embarrassed . she look over at lucky . lucky look back at she . they eye meet . lucky ( to the card group ) : y'all do not mind if I take some food to go , do you ? the table where the old woman sit . aunt JUNE : humph , that be not gonna last long . CUT to : 88 ext the road --day : overhead on crane as we see the empty road , then zoom as the truck go up into the distance . we hear lesha and Chicago argue . 89 int . the truck --day lucky be drive once more . he tap he finger on the steering wheel and look over at justice who look at he shake she head and look out the window . the back where Chicago and iesha be go at it . swing insult like sword . chicago : what 's you muthafuckin problem , huh ? what 's you muthafuckin problem ? why you disrespect I like that , huh ?! why you disrespect I ? iesha : fuck you ! you do not own I ! chicago : fuck you , bitch ! fuck you and you pussy ! iesha : if I be a bitch , why you wit I , huh ? why you wit I ?! leave , then ! step tha fuck off ! ' Cause I be not in the business of keep niggas when they do not wanna be keep ! all that talk -- do it while you walkin . the front justice be feed up . she look over at lucky . justice : pull over . 90 ext . reststop --day where the truck pull over in line with a row of ten - wheeler . 91 int . the truck --day the back chicago : why we stop ? iesha : good , I gotta pee . chicago : ' Cause you drink too much ! that 's you goddamn problem . you a alcoholic bitch ! they continue argue back and forth . 91a ext : reststop --day the passenger door justice hop out of the truck and go toward the back . the back of the truck , where iesha ( bottle in hand ) open the door . justice ( coolly ) : c'mere . I gotta talk to you . iesha faintly see the anger on justice 's face but be not aware that it be direct toward she . iesha ( sweetly and drunk ) : what 's wrong , j? lucky talk shit again ? I 'ma fuck he up ! where he at ? justice lure iesha out to the middle of the parking lot . the latter be hold she stomach . a few trucker walk past to notice the two girl argue . iesha begin to convulse , then she throw up on the ground . she calmly and coolly accept a tissue from justice , then say ... iesha : what 's the problem ? justice grab the bottle out oflesha 's hand . iesha : my drink ! justice ( smashes the bottle on the ground ) : this be the problem ! ( push iesha in anger ) you act like a stupid bitch , iesha ! a stupid , alcoholic bitch ! I be tired of see you get drunk ! that 's why I do not go nowhere with you - -' cause you get crazy ! you just like my damn ... momma be . iesha look at she angry friend as if stunne . actually , she be drunk . lesha sway back and forth as if in a daze . she begin cry . iesha ( cry ) : I be sorry . justice 's anger give way to compassion . she hug she friend . wide shot as they hug each other and a eighteen - wheeler pull out and away . another angle as the large truck go past , to reveal the woman once more . justice : it 's all right . it 's all right . you my girl and all , but you gotta chill on the liquor . iesha continue to cry , mumble in a drunken tone about how much she value justice 's friendship : " you help I when I have that abortion , " etc . crying give way to sniffles , and lesha try to regain she composure . she turn around to see ... reverse angle the truck where lucky and Chicago sit by the front of the truck . Chicago be look at iesha . iesha' face as she wipe she tear away and stand up straight . she look in she fend bag to pull out some tissue , maintain she dignity in front of the man . iesha : I gotta pee . justice look at she friend and almost crack a smile . they walk off toward a restroom . justice ( playfully ) : cow . iesha : you a cow . cow ! mooo ! back to truck lucky : I be tell you she 's crazy , loc . you better get ridda she . chicago ( upset ) : damn man , I gotta piss . I 'ma go over here and piss in the field . get my nut close to nature and shit . as they walk off . dissolve to : 92 ext justice 'shouse -seven yearsearlier--day we see a early - model 1 980s car pull up the driveway . out the passenger door spring a twelve - year - old Black girl . this be justice , seven year young . she run toward the house . the driver of the car be geneva , justice 's grandmother . geneva : girl , you better come on back here and help I with this grocery bag ! the step where Young justice reluctantly shrug she shoulder and walk back toward the car . 93 int . justice's house --the kitchen --day where justice and she grandmother put away the grocery . geneva snatch a box of cookie out of justice 's hand . geneva : you will spoil you dinner . I be make ox tail . ( call out ) alfrieda ! frieda ! go tell you mother to come here ! the little girl take off . 93a int justiceshouse -day the stair as Young justice shoot up the stair . 938 int justice's house --day the top of the stair justice the adult woman arrive at the top of the stair . young justice : momma ! momma ! nanny want you ! 93c int . justice's house --day a office room as justice look in . no momma here . 93d int . justice's house --day justice's mother' bedroom no one here . 93e int . justicesshosse -day the bathroom we see justice walk forth . she slow down as she discover another angle as we move toward the body of a woman collapse on a tile floor of the bathroom . young justice's face she scream ! 93f int . justice5 shosse -day back to kitchen as justice 's grandmother hear she scream . 93g int . justice's house --day the tile floor we see a open bottle of pill . different angle of pill on the tile floor . [ idea : image of justice 's mother 's hand open , hold pill , in the background ] overhead justice 's grandmother grab justice and discover the body . another angle as justice be pull away . geneva turn she face away from the horror of justice 's dead mother and into the hallway mirror . justice cover she face up , then slowly look at she reflection . the light behind she change , and we be back into ... 94 int . rest stop bathroom --day justice look at herself in the mirror . a beat . ilesha come out of the stall behind justice and tap she shoulder . another angle as lesha walk past and we end on justice . iesha : let 's go . 95 ext reststop --day : minute later a bench where lucky sit eat some leftover barbecue . Music be play from he small boom box . Chicago be lose in think . he be visibly shake by the recent event . he look out along the road and then down toward the ground . lucky : hey , hey , hey , pick you head up . do not be a buster ! you do not want she to know you upset ! be cool ! chicago' feet where he shoelace be untied . chicago : I gotta tie my shoelace . lucky : wait , just wait . ... leave it untied -- it will look better that way . chicago : that shit play out year ago . Chicago bend down to fasten he shoe . lucky look at he and shake he head . then he look up to notice chicago' p.o.v. : low angle while he be down on he knee , justice and ilesha walk up . Chicago look up and see justice , who walk away to reveal iesha . iesha mumble the " shake it to the east / shake it to the west " cheer . wide as justice sit on one side with lucky . iesha put she arm around Chicago 's neck and give he a kiss . justice and lucky look at this exchange out of the corner of they eye . chicago as he attempt to stay angry in light of this loving treatment . he look over at lucky . chicago ( uncomfortable ) : be it good ? lucky : jammin . justice look away , listen to the music . justice : this be nice . who 's this ? lucky : my cousin kalil . justice : ( matter offactly ) he 's flow . lucky : I give he idea and stuff sometimes . that 's who I be go to see now . we get this music thing go . chicago ( sarcastic ) : it 's all right . lucky : fuck you , bitch . why you always get something negative to say ?! at least the nigga 's creative ! chicago : I be creative ! I know how to dress . lucky : that be not shit . you just a post-office - work nigga can not even get into the union . what you get ? chicago : what you get ? just cause you in the union do not mean shit ! justice : why y'all always fightin ? I think y'all be friend ? chicago : we be not friend . we just work at the same place . there be a pause . no one but the air move . lesha be restless . she get up . sobriety give way to silliness . she stand and begin stomping on the ground and slapping she leg . she continue to do the " shake it to the east / shake it to the west " cheer . iesha ( to justice ) : remember this ?! audubon junior High ?! " shake it to tha east , shake it to tha west -- it really do not matter who shake the best ! " justice join in . the two guy just look at they crazy . CUT to : 96 int the truck --day Chicago and iesha poke they head through the back . everybody seem to be in a good mood . iesha be tell a joke . iesha : so we up in heaven , right ? and it 's judgment Day . and this brother go up to the gate . the angel at the gate say , " how many time do you cheat on you wife ? " the brother say , " I never cheat on my wife . " so the angel check the book and say , " you be right . " so the brother roll on into heaven in a rolls-royce .... so another brother come in and he say , " I can not lie . I cheat on my wife once . " so the angel check the book , and he roll on into heaven in a cadillac . ... so then this other brother come in and he 's a straight - up hoe , and he tell the angel , " well , I can not remember how many time I cheat on my wife . " so he go and roll into heaven on a bike . so now he 's in heaven and he 's just pedale along , and he roll by the brother in tha roll , who be cry . so the brother on the bike say , " why you cry ? you rollin through heaven in a roll - royce . " and the brother in the roll say , " I just pass my wife on roller skate ! " everybody laugh . justice : ( look at lucky ) you need to clean they nail . get a manicure . plenty man do it . football player , basketball player . they all come in the shop . 96a ext the road --day lucky ( v.o. ) : you out you mind ! where we see the truck shoot up past a beautiful California backdrop . 97 ext alice' restaurant--day where we see jessie 's Lexus roll up , as well as the other car with the girl inside . heywood ( v.o. ) : finally ! I could eat a horse ! jessie ( v.o. ) : from the look this place , they probably have that on the menu . they get out of the car and walk toward the restaurant . the terrace : outside where some biker sit eatin lunch . bi ker : so I say , fuck that ! get on my bike -- run them over ! he pick up a bottle of evian and take a squig . 97a in 'i1 alice restaurant--day another angle : jesslf' p.o.v . V as we go into the cafe on the back of heywood and dexter , who part to reveal a cafe full of biker , motorist , and a waitress . jessie look she up and down . the sound of steely Dan 's " no static at all " flow through the room . there be definitely a bohemian atmosphere here . reverse angle : jessie check out the place . waitress : ( instantattitude ) how many ? jessie : Seven , please . smoke section . I gotta have a cigarette . waitress : there be no smoking section . jessie : I see . just gimme a seat then . waitress : you can have that table over there once it 's clean off . the table where a man begin set the table . dexter ( to heywood ) : man , why you always rub you stomach ? jessie playfully rub heywood 's stomach . the waitress come back . the waitress begin walk to a table across the room . jessie and party follow . dexter : maybe we should go to a amipm on the way . I be not that hungry . jessie : I do not want no freeze food , no chip . I need something hot to eat . besides , this folk need to see some Black people sometimes . wake them ! pick'em up ! give something interesting to talk about . the table where they arrive and pick up menus . jessie begin to look in a menu as she notice behind she a couple , white , twentystomething , who be argue . everybody else at the table look over at the couple too . jessie ignore this and begin to select from the menu . heywood : I like this . healthy food . good people . maxine : they get avocado salad . I love avocadoe . jessie : anyway . make sure we get some tabasco sauce at this table . you know they food do not have no taste to it . she look in she purse , pull out a pack of cigarettes , pick one out , and light up . another table where the waitress take another order . she keep look toward jessie and co . dexter : jessie , you know this be the nonsmok section . maxine : look. look . girlfriend be tryin to decide whether or not to come and tell you to put it out . we see the waitress at the other table . she be definitely look in jessie 's direction . jessie : she better just keep think . waitress P. o.v : the waitress begin walk toward jessie . at the end of the shot she come to the front of the table , just as jessie let out a cool puff of smoke and give a look as if to say " what the hell you want ? " heywood : oh look , baby 's get some courage . here she come . angle the waitress arrive at the table . waitress : you have to put you cigarette out . you be ruin the environment . the kitchen where we see arlo Guthrie flipping burger on the grill and smokin a joint . back to scene jessie ( ignore she ) : I be almost anished . gotta satisfy my nic-fit . be do in a sec . waitress : I be not gonna take you order if you smoke . jessie ( look up ) : well then , you can just stand there and wait until I finish my smoke . waitress : you be disturbing other customer . jessie ( turn around to the other table ) : you mind ? the couple nod they do not mind . jessie ( to she entourage ) : you mind ? everybody at the table nod they approval . jessie ( sarcastically ) : thank you . the waitress storm away as if she have be personally insulted . jessie : with she farrah fawcett 1977 hairdo . this place be a time warp . they all laugh loudly . jessie continue to smoke . back to table dexter : I think we should go . jessie : dexter , calm down . I be not gonna let you get lynched . this be not Mississippi . ( open she purse ) you see that ? we see a .38 pistol inside she purse . jessie : I get it all under control . I do not play . ask maxine . you remember what I do to that nigga in Riverside that grab my booty ? h eywood ( change subject ) : I wonder what happen to justice ? colette : I feel kinda bad she have to drive up by herself . jessie : she be not by herself . she probably with iesha . justice - - now there 's a girl who 's get some problem . 98 int : monterey aquarium --day underwater we see a montage of different beautiful tropical fish . jessie ( v.o. ) : do not wanna go nowhere , do not wanna have no fun , be not see nobody ... we cut to a dolphin swinune toward frame , then pan over to reveal justice look through a underwater view room . jessie ( v:o. ) : I think she need a boyfriend . justice look over toward ... lucky who be look in another tank . he turn to look at justice . 98a int . alice restaurant--day back to cafe jessie pause . thinks . put out she cigarette and turn toward the waitress . jessie : hey ! farrah ! come over here and take my order ! CUT to : 99 ext . a oulet calmbeautiful beach--day we see a empty beach , dune , flat sand . we pan to reveal the mail truck park on the sand . in the distance be four agure . justice , lucky , lesha , and Chicago . no one speak . everybody be do they own thing . all we can hear be the voice of the paciffe Ocean . justice sit on the sand , sifting it through she hand like a funnel . we hear she thought as she look out onto the ocean . justice ( v.o. ) : a wise man once say , you should look at the ocean and realize that no matter how famous you be , or how much money you make , you should know that you will never be as important as the ocean . ... damn , why do not I go to college ? grandmomma would roll two time in she grave if she see I now . ( look toward lucky ) hmmm , he look kinda good . I know he get a kid , though . look at he . he look like the type that get a baby stashed away somewhere . lucky and Chicago be throw rock , see who can make a rock skip the farthest . we hear lucky 's thought . lucky ( v.o. ) : she 's kinda cute . get a nice little frame . maybe I should get that number , see how that bootie work . ... I wonder what kalil 's do ? iesha be play in the warm sand . she have dig a hole and have place she foot into it . iesha ( v.o. ) : I wonder if my momma pick up my clothes from the cleaner . ... oh , I know what I gotta do when I get back . I gotta call Terry with he fine ass . ask he to take I shoppin . Chicago be throw rock in the water . chicago ( v.o. ) : I need to just let she ass go . ... fuck it ! I can just go and get I another bitch . I be a good-look nigga . I get a job . income . car. apartment . my shit be set . Chicago turn to look at lesha . note : Chicago in foreground , iesha in background . iesha look up at Chicago as if to say , " what the fuck you look at ? " Chicago turn back around to continue throw rock . iesha turn to justice . iesha : I 'ma quit Chicago . his ass be l7 soon . CUT to : 100 ext . the road --day the truck shoot past a beautiful expanse of California farmland . 101 int : the truck -- day : moving the back where lesha and Chicago sit . both look bored . iesha 's leg and arm be fold . Chicago get up and look into a bag and pull out a couple of letter . he begin to open a few of they . lesha look surprised . iesha : you can not do that . chicago : yeah , I can . just put it in damage pile . it 's fourth - class mail anyway . ( read ) a love letter . he smell the paper . chicago : obsession . ( to iesha ) you wear that too . do not you ? I like the way you smell . iesha sit across the way . arm fold . iesha : I do not like the way you smell ! chicago ( read letter ) : " I can not wait to see you again . my heart arch with every day that you be go . I have a dream last night , you be here , with I . " ( read on to himself ) iesha : you know you wrong . Chicago look up for a moment , then back to the letter . iesha : I 'ma quit you when we get back to L.A. I be young . I need to be alone for a while . find myself and shit . Chicago keep read the letter , act like this be not affect he . iesha snuggle into a corner and close she eye . Chicago look over at she sleep . dissolve to : I 02 exii : african market festnagday we see image of dancer on a stage , people shopping at booth , carnival game . the air be alive with the sound and smell of a African market festival . what follow be a felliniesque scene on the afrocentric tip . the sound of African drum fill the air . between the dialogue some strike visual be intercut . angle as we see justice and lucky walk together . justice be take in the sight and sound of she environment . she be almost childlike but very much a alive woman for once . she be blow soap bubbles . lucky seem lose in he own thought . justice : what 's wrong with you ? why you so quiet now ? lucky : nuthin . I be just think . I like to get out the city . too much shit go down there . this be the only time I get to think . or when I be with my cousin and shit . another angle where we notice both iesha and Chicago be not walk together . iesha : I be get tired of all this walk , J ! chicago : I too . back to justice and lucky justice : so what you wanna do with you life ? lucky : survive . live . shit . what you wanna do ? justice : I be talk about goal , aspiration , shit like that . lucky : I do not know yet . Music maybe . justice : so what do you cousin rap about ? lucky : stuff. life . justice : you sure he do not talk about typical shit ? lucky : what you mean typical ? like what ? justice : like " I be bad , I be tha shit , I will shoot a nigga in a minute , I get all the pussy . " stuff like that . lucky : what you write about in that notebook you carry ? they stop to notice . a large Black bald muscular brother stand before one of that amusement thing where you hit a peg with a sledgehammer and it go up to a certain height . several spectator be wait to see the man hit the peg . justice : poetry . lucky : you try to say my cousin 's shit be not poetry ? the strongman Hit the peg ! it fly up ! justice ( v.o. ) : it be not if he just talk about himself . you gotta have something to say . somethin different , a perspective . the peg hit a bell , under which be write in red letter the word revolution . justice : a voice . they turn to walk out of the crowd . lucky : what you write about ? justice : I write about what 's in my heart . lucky : and what 's that ? ( touch she shoulder ) she say nothing . justice : I dunno . what 's in yours ? lucky : I be still try to find out . ( notice the fact that he have touch justice ) chicago stands in a crowd . we be look over he shoulder at lesha throw baseball into hole . she win a little bear , which bring a smile to she face . when she notice Chicago look at she , it turn to a frown . Chicago then turn to look in lucky and justice 's direction . lucky and justice they be interrupt by Chicago 's shouting . chicago ( shouting ) : why do we keep stop ? do not we have a schedule to keep to ? lucky ( shouting ) : we get plenty o' time . what you worried about , nigga ? we always do this . chicago : we need to hurry up and get where we get to go . you keep proscratinatin . ( joke ) you keep try to gib to that bitch ! that 's tha problem . justice ( ignore Chicago ) : there 's a fruit stand over there . I wanna get some plum . ( walk away ) chicago : you can not pull that . she outta you league . lucky just give he a look . then he turn , and ... another angle lucky and Chicago in a crowd ofpeople . Chicago walk away , frustrated , as we pull back and around to see the source of the drum we have be hearing through this entire scene . it be the last poet , beat out the last couple of line to " niggas be scare of Revolution . " black manl " but I be a lover too ! I be a lover too ! I love niggas ! I love to see they walk , talk , and shoot tha shit ! but there be one thing about niggas I do not love ! niggas be scared of Revolution ! " the crowd applaud . dissolve to : 103 lot . the truck -- day : moving the front where we see justice bite into a plum with herjuicy lip . lucky : you do not wash it . justice : yeah , I do . lucky : how ? justice rub the plum back and forth between she hand and kiss it up to God . lucky look on in amazement . all that be leave be the seed , which justice hold up proudly . she laugh . dissolve to : 104 extgrassyfleld-day we see justice walk toward we through a field . she walk slowly , almost dreamlike . over this we hear justice 's voice read a poem . it be " phenomenal woman . " suddenly , a zebra ( yes a zebra ) walk into the shot . first one , then another , then another . soon there be a herd . now we know we be in a dream -- until we hear lucky 's voice shout out . lucky : whatcha you do ?! wide where we see the truck at the top ofa hill that overlook a field , in which we see justice walk among African zebras . Chicago and iesha get out of the truck and look down . lucky have the hood up and be check the engine . justice ( shouting ) : I wanna pet one of they ! on the hill iesha : ooooh ! back to field where justice pet one of the animal . lucky : they come from that castle over there . hearst Castle ! they have a some kinda private zoo there . chicago : they musta get out or something . Chicago look at lesha . she sense she be be watch , then she look over at he and walk away . he follow she . the road where we see the truck by the road with the castle in the background . lesha have walk to the back of the truck . Chicago come around the corner and try to talk to she . he try a smoother approach . chicago ( smoothly ) : so you wanna quit I , huh ? he put he arm around she waist . chiago : do not you know how much I love you ? can I have a kiss ? she turn around to face he , and they kiss . CUT to : 105 int . the truck : moving --day where Chicago and iesha be still kissing . they be get hot and heavy . iesha be still do this with some reluctance . the front where justice and lucky sit . they be chummy - chummy now ; they talk like old friend . justice : my first boyfriend use to get into a lot of shit . ... he get kill , though . try to jack the wrong person . lucky : tha jacker get himself jack ! he laugh . justice do not find it funny . justice : he get kill over some stupid shit . lucky look at she . lucky : then why you date fool like that ? justice : that 's who I fall in love with . do not know no better . lucky : what about now ? justice have no reply . lucky change the subject . lucky : how many brother and sister you get ? justice : none . my momma do not have no more kid . ... she do not get a chance to . there be a somber moment . lucky understand , vaguely . they hear a moan sound . justice motion for lucky to be quiet . she peek through the curtain . the curtain where iesha be now on top of Chicago . Riding he . slowly she move back and forth , she leg around he waist . suddenly , something be wrong . iesha get up . the back where we see lesha look frustrated . iesha : be that it ?! chicago : shhh ! give I a coupla minute . iesha ( louder ) fuck that ! you can not even hang that long ! couple minute shit my ass ! chicago : fuck you . iesha : you can not ! that 's the muthafuckin problem ! they begin argue loudly . the front : where lucky and justice listen to lesha and Chicago go at it . lucky : I be get sick of this shit . justice : pull over somewhere . lucky : here we go again . CUT to : 105a ext . rock cliff --day from overhead we see the truck pull to the side of the road . iesha hop out , closely follow by Chicago . we move slowly with they to reveal they have park next to a cliff that overlook the Pacific Ocean and some other rocky cliff . in the distance we see Chicago and iesha argue . another angle as we see iesha and Chicago squabble . we can not hear they shouting at each other over the loud ocean wave crash among the rock below the cliff . the wind be blow with a strong force . the truck where lucky and justice sit . justice be watch . lucky mind he own business . he glance at he nail . the rock where we see the wave crash against the side of the cliff , erode its side bit by bit . we juxtapose image of the wave to the ballet of lesha and Chicago argue . he pull at she . she pull away , etc . they dialogue be drown out by the sound of the raging ocean . iesha get feed up and walk toward the truck . another angle as we come down and follow iesha . we can fully hear they argue now . iesha : you weak ! you a weak - ass punk ! just ' cause work out do not mean shit ! think you buff ! I wish I never meet you sorry ass ! sorry muthafucka ! Chicago take he brush out of he back pocket and begin brush he head . he be try to maintain he cool because they be now in front of lucky and justice . iesha : yeah , that 's right . brush that hair . weak - ass fade ! nigga dick can not stay hard five second . watcha do , take steroid ?! we see iesha 's mouth in close up . she continue to lay on the insult as we slow down time . Chicago continue to brush he head . he concentrate on look at iesha 's mouth run a mile a minute . real time iesha : that 's why I be fuck somebody else ! this catch Chicago 's attention . he stop brush he head , and calmly walk toward iesha , as we pull back with he to a over - the-shoulder with iesha . justice be wonder what will happen next . close . on chicago' face he be angry . close . on iesha be face who give he a look that read , " you ain 't gonna do shit ! " she continue to taunt he . another angle lucky , as he turn away . lucky : awww , shit ! slow motion as Chicago slap tha shit outta iesha . her back be to camera so that we can see the fury in Chicago 's face . angle : slo mo Chicago 's hand hit lesha . back to normal speed iesha reel back , then recover . she touch she mouth . there be blood on she hand . she look up toward Chicago . we see fire and fury in she eye , and then ... iesha goe muthafucking crazy !!! iesha : ( shou ting and echoing ) muthafucka !!!! iesha charge toward Chicago with fury . Hell hath no fury like a Black woman 's scorn . iesha and Chicago fight . each be cursing at the other . to we surprise this be no one - sided battle : iesha be hold she own . she hit Chicago square on the chin with a wild punch . Chicago reel back in shock and continue fight . justice be go crazy . she doesn 't know what to do . justice ( to lucky ) : you just gonna let them fight ?! lucky : that be not my business . Wild with frustration , justice get out of the truck and walk toward the fight couple . lucky get outta the truck . chicago and iesha the tide have turn on the fight -- Chicago be kick iesha 's ass now . she swing a wild punch , and he connect with a direct hit . Chicago drop back to get he bearing . we see justice come up in the background . boom ! a foot slam between Chicago 's leg . Chicago grab he crotch in pain . he slowly turn , then charge justice . they tumble on the ground , and he reel back to hit she . lucky ( o.s. ) : hey ! angle on lucky , who walk toward we with anger . lucky : what tha fuck be wrong with you , nigga ?! get the fuck offa she ! chicago ( get up ) : what 's wrong you ? lucky : what you beat up on female for , dude ?! that shit be weak ! chicago ( push lucky ) : aw , punk . you just say that shit ' cause you strung out over this bitch ! moralistic muthafucka ! luclcy walk closer to Chicago and sock he in the stomach . he fold like a set of new french door . lucky : if you be a real man , you shit woulda be straight from tha git and you would not haveto hit you girl . punkass . ( help justice up ) get up . you all right ? justice murmur a " yes " and walk over to attend to iesha . lucky be leave stand alone . he think . justice and lesha where justice help she friend up iesha be scratch . she continue to curse with a bloody mouth . iesha pull away , attempt to continue fight , only to be restrain by justice . iesha ( cry ) : fuck that muthafucka ! he get jack ! I 'ma , I 'ma call dooby , I 'ma call monster loci they gonna shoot that nigga . he be not nobody 's daddy ! lucky look over at iesha . he do not notice Chicago get up and charge he . lucky and Chicago get into a brawl . they tumble and wrestle , punch be throw , kick , all the element of a good scrap . lucky prevail . he get up . lucky : fuck you , phunk . I be leave you stupid ass ! chicago ( cough ) : you can not leave I ! we get a job to do ! lucky : fuck this muthafuckin job ! my momma do not have I so I could work at no muthafuckin post office all my life ! shit ! catch a bus to ' Frisco . ' we only forty mile away . he walk away . justice and iesha be get into the truck . Chicago suddenly become apologetic . chicago : naw , man . I be sorry , dude ! yo , we friend , man . fuck they hoe ! why do not leave they , dude ?! why you trip ?! wide as the truck drive on , leave Chicago on the road . a duffel bag be throw out the window . Chicago continue to shout out at lucky : " watch you do , man ? " and " stop bullshit ! " another angle : back of truck p.o.v . as we pull away from Chicago shouting at the truck . we hear justice 's voice over the follow image . justice ( v.o. ) : " be it true the rib can tell the kick of a beast from a lover 's fist ? " 36 int . the truck --day the back where justice hold lesha in she amis . iesha cry . justice ( v.o. ) : " the bruise bone record well . the sudden shock , the hard impact . then swollen l:id ... " the front where lucky drive alone . he be very upset . justice ( v.o. ) " sorry eye , speak not of lose romance , but hurt . " back to road Chicago stagger a couple of foot , look around , pick up he brush . he sit by the side of the road and begin to brush the back of he head . justice ( v.o. ) : " hate be often confuse . its limit be in zone beyond itself . and sadist will not learn that . .. . " back to lucky who pull over the truck in frustration the back seat : leave time for voice over , then justice speak . justlce ( v.o. ) : " Love by nature , exact a pain unequalled on the rack . justice look up from hold she cry friend . she have notice the truck have stop move . justice : you all right ? iesha : yeah . why we stop ? justice : I do not know . 107 ext the truck --day overhead : on crane we see justice get out of the truck as we descend to let she pass , then go back up to reveal they be on a , the peak overlook the pacitic Ocean . we see lucky sit on the grass i , the far distance . justice walk out to talk to he . a blanket drape she shoulder . another angle as we see justice come forward and drop down to sit next to lucky . there be a pause . neither one of they saiy anything . all we can hear be the sound of the ocean and the sea gull . justice attempt to break the ice . justice ( laugh ) : they be gonna break up anywag . ( reminisc ) I remember when I be little and my uncle Leon use to come around and give I and my cousin change . he would go to the liquor store , buy a forty - ounce of beer , then throw we the change . and I would always ask for the " big nickel . " I could not pronounce quarter , so that 's what I would call it . ( to lucky ) yuk , look at they nail . give I you hand . lucky give she he hand . justice look in she pocket and produce a nail file . she begin to file lucky 's nail . lucky show he discomfort . justice : anyway , so because of that my grandmother use to say I be always look for the big nickel . anything I do - ride a bike , go to school , do somebody 's hair -- she would say " justice ! you still look for that big nickel ? " that be before she die . lucky look at the concern on she face . lucky : when she die ? justice : about two year ago . she leave I she house . my mother die when I be twelve . suicide . she name I justice cause she be in law school when she get pregnant with I . ... I be all alone . I get a cat , though . lucky : damn . justice look at lucky 's nail . they eye meet . they kiss . justice look at lucky 's nail . tilt to nail , clean , file . tilt up , they kiss . 108 int . the truck --day where we see iesha inside . she have cry herself to sleep . 108a ext . the road -- day the grass where lucky and justice continue to kiss . justice stand up for a moment , look off into the distance . we hear she thought over the follow image . justice ( v.o. ) : give I you hand . make room for I to lead and follow you beyond this rage of poetry . the she open the blanket up like a cape and surround lucky . the make love . justice ( v.o. ) : let other have the privacy of touch word and love of loss of love . for I , give I you hand . wide as we see they against the backdrop of the grass and the beautiful Pacific Ocean . the blanket erupt with the ripple of they body . dissolve to : 109 ext . the road --day where we see the truck shoot up the pacific Coast highway 110 int . the truck --day where lucky and justice ride on . suddenly something catch justice 's eye . justice be P. ov : off the road she see a dilapidate empty drive - in theater . she and lucky exchange a glance . dissolve to : 111 ext windmill valley --dusk we see a windmill . then another , then another then we see a whole hill cover with windmills . we see the truck come through the hill . the hill be revere with windmills . dissolve to : 112 ext : the road --dusk we start on the truck come up the road , then pan with it to reveal a sign that read you be now entering oakland . dissolve to : 113 int . truck --dusk where lucky and justice ride along . lucky' p.o.v . where he see a big brawl in the street . docu -style realism set back in . back to truck justice turn to lucky and smile . lucky just look at she . then he lower the boom . lucky : I gotta tell you something . justice turn she attention out the window . she sigh . she can sense this be gonna be something heavy . justice be p.o.v. : subjective to objective , then reveal justice . there be a car accident in the street . justice : what ? oh shit , do not tell I you get something ! lucky : no . but listen -- I be only say this cause I like you and you should know before anything else happen . 114 ext . oakland neighbourhood -- night where we see the mail truck turn a corner and go up a street . in the far distance we can see the red light of a ambulance . 115 int : the truck - night where the flash light fall upon lucky 's face . he ignore they and pull to the curb . justice : a little girl , huh ? why do not you tell I that shit from the beginning ? lucky : I do not think it be important . how be I to know we wuz gonna ... hold on , let I just check in with my cousin . he get out of the truck . 115a ext oakland neighbourhood -- night a walkway where lucky get out of the truck and walk up to he aunt audrey 's house , notebook in hand . he be on cloud nine and in the best of spirit . people be run past he and down the street toward the ambulance and police light . back to truck where justice and iesha emerge . iesha ( stretch : ) what we do here ? how come we do not go to the hotel ? shit , I be tired . the doorway where lucky arrive to notice that it be open . empty . Dark . lucky : kalil ! aunt audrey ! anybody in here !? he go in . another angle : new shot as lucky come back out and look down the street . he sense something wrong . lucky hop off of the porch and run with the rest of the crowd down the street . we follow with he some way then swing around in front of he . lucky pause in shock . we hear scream . lucky come forward as we move with he to reveal he cousin kalil on a bloody stretcher , he aunt audrey freeze in shock , and a crowd of spectator stand around . lucky make he way to he aunt , and they embrace . close up : lucky as he look up from he aunt toward the ambulance . in the background a attendant be try to get some information from lucky and he aunt . they say nothing . also we hear the various voice of people in the crowd with a thousand explanation of what happen . timeslow down justice and iesha walk up . both stand there in shock . we frame up lucky hold he aunt in the foreground , with the two woman in the background . 116 int . ambulance door p.o.v . where the door be close and the truck move away , revealing lucky and he aunt still embrace . he lead she toward she home . dissolve to : 117 int . the truck -- night lucky be drive . justice sit in the next seat . solemn . iesha be in the back quiet and freeze . 118 ext . oakland HOTEL --night we see jessie come down some stair and enter some change into a cigarette machine . it take she change , she hit it a couple of time , and a pack come out . the parking lot the truck come into the lot , and justice and iesha hop out . lucky come around from the driver 's side . iesha look as though she want to say something to lucky , but she can 't bring out the word . iesha : you all right ? lucky have no reaction . iesha back up and reluctantly walk away , leave lucky and justice alone . lucky walk over to the front grill of the truck and sit down . jessie as iesha walk past she , and she watch and wait to talk to justice . justice follow he and sit next to he . she put she arm around lucky and tenderly kiss he . she kiss he neck , face , etc . the music get higher . everything be romantic , then lucky put he head down then look back up . lucky : I mighta get there on time if I have not be fuck around wit you . he walk away . justice ( confuse , shocked ) : what ?! another angle : wlde shot : parking lot : sfx as we see the truck start up and back away from justice . leave she stand there alone . she walk toward the hotel and jessie . jessie : you scraping the bottom of the pudding cup now , huh ? justice ( piss off ) : know what you talk about before you judge . they walk on . jessie : oooh , you even walk different . justice just turn to look at jessie , then she walk on . dissolve to : 119 int / ext . the post office --p.o.v. back of truck -- night lucky open the back door , and we see he and a dockworker talk . several workmen begin unload box and bag off the truck . dockworker ( fill out a form ) : I think there be suppose to be two of you ? lucky : nope . dockworker : well , see ya next time around . lucky ( take the form ) : I do not think so ! 120 int justice 'shotel room --night there be a conference go on . justice , iesha . jessie , and heywood be present . from the look on they face , we can tell what the topic of discussion be : man . lesha be hold a cold towel to she eye . heywood : hold it there . it may swell a little . let I see it . she take the towel away . we see she eye . it 's a small shiner . heywood : awww , that be not that bad . iesha ( look at he like he 's crazy ) : it be not . jessie look at iesha 's eye . jessie : that be not nuthin , girl . I get this girlfriend Susan , she get this thing where she do not think a man love she unless he beat she . anyway , this nigga go off on she once , and she eye be so big . you know they dunkin ' donut ? heywood : the big one with the glaze on them ? jessie : yeah , that the one . well , you take two of that , put they on both eye , and that 's what she look like . you young . you gonna learn . do not fight no man with you fist -- you fight he in he wallet . now instead of swinging on them , you shouda give he some , let them go to sleep , reach into he wallet , and take he credit card . heywood : and we all woulda have a party ! jessie : on he ! jessie and heywood laugh . they start reminisc , utteringpast storey . iesha cut they off . iesha : what credit card ? that nigga be not get no credit card ! jessie turn and stop . jessie : well , shit then , you be a fool . ( laugh and look at lesha 's eye ) Men be not shit . jessie and heywood start laugh again . justice : that 's the truth . jessie stop laugh . jessie : Excuse I ? I think you be in love . justice : you think wrong . do not assume . you assume , and you make a ass outta you and I . jessie : you be already a ass . ya will still gotta lot to learn about the world . justice 's face , as jessie 's word sink in . jessie : c'mon , heywood . let 's go get a drink . ( walk away , mumble ) this little young girl do not know they cuchie from a hole in the wall . shit , I just rest and dress , honey . Love do not live here anymore . justice return to consol she friend , but we can tell she mind be mile away . justice : it be not that bad . she help she with the towel on she eye . the doorway where Colette stick she head in . colette : be everything all right ? justice turn around , iesha be cradle in she arm . justice : no. dissolve to : 121 int : the SOUND lab -- night lucky 's cousin 's makeshift recording studio . we see a four track , a drum machine , a keyboard , two turntable , a large boom box , a rhyme dictionary and thesaurus , and a ton ofrecord . the wall be cover with the face of the heroes of hip -hop . poster of Public enemy , krs - one , epmd , and everybody else who be truly down . among the mess lucky spot a tape that read lucky.s new beat . he pop it in the box . we hear the beat . it be a smooth , loc would out gangsta groove . lucky listen for a moment , then press stop or the box . he think for a moment , then hit he hand on the desk and stand . then he sit once more to think . like " the thinker . " dissolve to : 121a int thesoundlab day the light change to a golden hue as a new day arrive , and we see lucky , who have apparently fall asleep in the chair . he awake . he sit up , leave a afterimage of he sleep self on the chair . when he stand , it disappear ! he smell the air : food . we hear child play upstairs . 122 int . auntaudrey's kitchen --day where aunt audrey be cooking up a storm : a real southern breakfast . we see egg , bacon , fry chicken , biscuit , etc . aunt audrey be cooking to keep she mind off of the death of she firstborn . also in the kitchen be uncle Earl , audrey 's brother tequan , she second son shante , she daughter , and a few other family member young and old . aunt audrey ( manage a smile ) : Morning , lawrence . you hungry , baby ? c'mon over here and get you something to eat . lucky go over to the table . lucky : I be not hungry . I be too mad to eat . audrey have no reply to this . the stove : a frying pan where aunt audrey pull some chicken wing out to drain on some paper towel . she pause for a moment and attempt not to lose she composure . uncle earl : audrey , sit down . sit down . you gonna wear yourself out . audrey sit down across from lucky . she look as though she be in a daze of depression . her gaze find lucky . audrey : lawrence and kalil useta do music together . they use to make they tape . they be try to do something with they life . something constructive instead of destructive . she lament for a moment . audry : shante , check that chicken , baby . make sure it do not burn . ( 8 beat ) lawrence , I want -- I want you to know you my favorite nephew . you mother , even though we sister , we do not alwag get along . I be always happy you and kalil be more like brother than cousin . family should stick together no matter what . lucky : what you gonna do with all this equipment ? shante ( nonchalantly ) : sell it . lucky : what ? shante : we need the money . lucky : every dollar he make go into that room . why every time people try to build and do something , somebody gotta come along fuck up shit ?! audrey : what do you think we should do ? lucky : give it to I . I will do something with it . shante ( sarcastic ) : like what ? audrey ( look over to stove ) : shante ! turn the fire off . take they wing out the skillet and drain off all that oil . my blood pressure 's bad enough as it be . ( turn back to lucky ) anyway , what would you do with it ? lucky ( look around ) : use it . CUT to : 123 ext . audrey 'shouse -day where we see lucky and some of he cousin load the equipment back into the mail truck . aunt audrey give lucky a hug before he get into he truck . over this image we hear audrey 's voice . audrey ( v.o. ) : well , take it then . just ' cause my baby do not get a chance to realize he dream do not mean you can not do what you gotta do . lucky start un the truck 123a ext . the road --day travel montage on the road . beautiful sight of California . dissolve to : 124 ext the road --day lucky 's face from outside the truck while it be move . the truck speed up , and go into the distance . we hear justice 's voice : another poem begin . 125 int . tha hair show --day as we TRAVEL through the oakland Hair show from a docu-style perspective . heywood be behind the camera . there be many exhibit on display . we see new product be introduce salesmen on different montage peddle everything from mousse to gel to tool . we attention be draw to the various hairstyle present and the reaction of the character to be film . we see jessie and entourage walk through the crowd have a good time . she be point at people and make comment . heywood point the camera at dexter : " sexy dex . " eventually we see justice . she be attend to Lisa and gena 's hair , as well as the hair of two other woman . they be she model , for she hairstyle . there be many other stylist do other people 's head also . justice be noticeably nervous at be record she tell heywood to turn that shit off . end of docu-style . the runway where we see the model come forth . we attention be draw to they head as we notice they beautiful intricate hairstyle the hairstyle be like sculpture . a table of judge watch the model as they come forth . 126 ext . the desert--day where we see lucky walk along the road in the desert . the truck be nearby in the distance . he be think . 126a int : tha hair show --day justice let out a breath . the judge begin to talk and review they note . dissolve to : a award ceremony trophies be give out to representative from different salon . justice receive a trophy and be congratulate by jessie and company . she hold it up for all to see . but she be not happy . she smile a uneasy grin . 1268 ext highway -day we end on a image of the truck go across the horizon . fade to black : 127 int . jessie salon --day montage we see hair and nail be do . everything seem normal once more in the shop . a voice change the mood . rita ( v.o. ) : bitch , if you do not quit stare at I , I be gonna knock they eye outta you head ! the styllst look up . waiting benches where two woman sit across from each other be look at each other like cat in a fight . the first one be rita , the second one be Simone . Simone be kinda prissy . she talk to she friend next to she . simone : I can not even deal wit she skainchie ass ! she just better stay away from James . a hair station where jessie be do someone 's head . jessie : hey , hey , hey , why we gotta have this here ? take you shit out in the street . I get enough problem as it be . rita ( stand up to leave , look at Simone ) : yeah , bitch , you can say what you want . but remember this , every time you kiss he , you taste my pussy ! 127 continued justice station where she stand attend to a client 's head . her face look much as it do at the beginning of the film . only this time she be make up more . justice finish the woman 's head and begin clean up . the doorway where rita leave , and lucky enter with keisha in hand . he be dress in very casual attire . as soon as he enter , he presence be feel by every woman in the shop . justice look up and , notice lucky , excuse herself from she client and go over toward the counter . lucky' p.o.v. : as we slowly move forward toward justice . she look around to see the reaction from the other woman . back to lucky who reach the counter and casually lean against it , look at the other woman . his gaze reach a couple of they , who instinctively look away . he turn to face justice . lucky : what 's up ? justice : who 's this ? keisha : keisha . they shake hand . justice : my name 's justice . keisha : what 's justice ? lucky and justice just smile . lucky ( motion toward the couch ) : mind if we sit down ? another angle as the party of three all sit down . Simone and she friend sit across from they . both woman be nosy and attempt to listen in on the conversation between lucky and justice . lucky : ah , mm , well , listen I want you to know I be sorry . I make a mistake . justice : come closer . I wanna whisper something to you . lucky : get the fuck outta here . I be not fallin for that shit again . justice : naw , seriously -- come here . they look at each other . get closer . they kiss . the kiss be initiate by justice , which surprise lucky . the shop where jessie and the rest of the salon look equally surprised . justice : you nail look clean . lucky ( look at nail ) : I wonder why ? ( to Simone and party ) what you look at ? justice 's gaze turn away from lucky to keisha . justice : what do you do to this little girl 's hair ? lucky : nuthin . justice : it look like it . c'mere , little girl . angle as justice guide keisha toward she station . she sit keisha in the chair and proceed to analyze what can be do with she hair . the couch where lucky look at justice play with he daughter 's hair . there be a glaze look on he eye . lucky' P. 0  V. : movin toward justice as he / we see justice skillfully workin on keisha 's hair . we hear justice 's voice over as she say another poem . at the end of the poem , justice look up toward lucky / we . she smile . the end