point break by James cameron &amp ; Kathryn bigelow from the screenplay by W. Peter iliff fade in : we be in the belly of a wave . Light refract in a constant collision of water . slow motion , the hallucinatory prism , like liquid diamond take flight , dreamlike ... ext . ocean - dusk backlit against a flame sun a solitary surfer glide across the green glassy peak . time be stretched until he movement gain a grace and fluidity not of this world . total Zen concentration . body weight center , eye forward and on the next section . ext . urban STREET - dusk slow motion on a black sedan . creep along store front . past a winchell 's . people splash step down rain - wash sidewalk in dream motion . the sedan turn past the first virginia bank and into a alley . int . black sedan two men and one woman in suspended time put on overcoat and hat . under they hat strip of scotch tape stretch taut from the base of they nose to they forehead , hideously distorting they feature . make they look like human pig . ext . ocean silvery in this light , almost metallic , as if from some future -scape . the lone surfer shred a long , endless right wall . accelerate into real time -- as he stare into the pit , dig in , drop into the sweet spot on the wave , hunker down . his move become aggressive , frenzied -- int . black sedan a m - 16 clip be smacked into place and cocked with a cachack ! ammo clip be snick -snicked into handgun butt and a long clip be sssnicked into a uzi . watch be check . the pig nose people nod to each other . ext . bank pig nose # 1 , steal into position near the glass door , slam he back to the wall , weapon to cheek , breath fast . ext . ocean fast now -- the surfboard rip a brutal gash in the face of the wave . the surfer trim down the line , pivote the board and go straight down , carving the bottom . he slashes viciously back toward the lip and -- in a radical inverted AIR attack sail six foot above the wave in a explosion of water -- int . bank --baaaaaammm ! Glass door explode OPEN and pig nose # 1 spin inside . he fire a burst into the ceiling . brraamm !! pig nose # 1 everybody on the floor ! people drop . very fast here -- two bandit handle bank employees and customer -- another pig nose watch the door -- pig nose # 1 move behind counter , uzi and canvas sack in hand . int . surveillance van Dark . monitor show slow scan of the bank interior . two men wear headphone and black windbreaker with FBI stencile on the back . one watch with binocular . binoculars bingo . we be on . let 's go . where 's the big college quarterback ?! be you with we , Utah ? ext . bank wall a man in he twenty . his head spin revealing rain - slicked hair and face , eye wide , bright . a edgy handsomeness to he . he pop a stick of wrigley 's in he mouth , rest a shotgun on one leg and lean against the wall . he wear a headset ... through which we hear the FBI guy yell for he . this be johnny utah . binoculars ( filter ) Utah , where the hell be ya !? Utah take he headset off ... int . bank pig nose # 1 leap over the counter , hold a canvas sack fill with booty from teller ' drawer . pig nose # 1 fuckin ' shake it ! pig nose # 2 nod with he snubby nose , hurry toward the exit . ext . first virginia bank the bandit burst through the door and sprint to the alley where they jump into the sedan . the driver , the woman pig nose , punch it and the tire whirrr on the slick pavement . the sedan launch down the alley . Utah run . like a freight train . splash through a cross-alley . he do not break stride as he slam he shoulder into a large , steel garbage dumpster . drive it like a football training sled into the alley where -- the sedan lock ' em up second too late as it skid and slam into it , crunching into the brick wall and -- still alive -- grind into reverse back down the alley , headlight smashed , it gun it backward as -- utah leap over the dumpster and sprint after the car . he have a brick in he right hand . he cock it back . johnny heave the brick thirty yard and -- smash ! the brick explode into the windshield , spiderwebbing the glass . Lady pignose flinch from the glass fragment throw into she face . lady pignose Son of a bitch ! the car slew backward onto the street , slamm a park car . Lady pignose slam the thing into drive , cut the wheel hard , and punch it , skid on wet pavement . utah hurtle from the alley . he leap , somehow tackle the driver be door handle and be drag along the street . he pull himself up , reach inside the window , and whip the steering wheel hard right . the sedan fishtail into a park Toyota . Utah bounce forward , slamm into the asphalt . Glass shard and crush steel be strewn everywhere , as radiator steam whistle hot . pig nose # 2 , riding shotgun , be trap . can not get he crush door open . the driver push open she door . grope for she pistol . Utah spring -- no respect for a lady . he slam the door , pin she arm and slam again and again until the gun drop . Utah kick it away as the woman collapse in pain . pig nose # 1 bail out and run across parking lot . Utah leap up onto the crush hood and draw down with the shotgun . utah halt. FBI ! pig nose # 1 spin . we sense reckless anger . he raise the uzi . Utah squeeze the trigger . no death . no blood . just buzzer and flash bulb . pig nose 's flak vest light up like a pinball machine . Utah 's laser weapon hit the " kill zone " . pig nose rip the tape off he face and the FBI cadet shake he head in disgust . observer step forward . Bank customer . Bank teller . all FBI personnel . medical staff offer the woman driver assistance . pig nose # 1 head for johnny , but be subdued by other agent . pig nose # 1 ( FBI cadet ) I wanna say just two word to you , asshole , simu - lation !!! johnny - fuckin' Utah . guy like you will do anything to win ! Utah stare back in defiance . the surveillance van pull up nearby . binoculars run out and pinch two finger together , right in johnny 's face . binoculars this far , Utah ! you be this far from be the most overqualified guy Burger King ever have . get I ?! utah yes sir . Sir ? binoculars what ? johnny gesture to the car . utah I do stop the perpetrator . Utah turn to go . as he pass he casually raise he laser - shotgun and re-trigger pig nose 's flak vest . light and buizer . pig nose explode . more agent restrain he . scream and shove match and piss off guy . Utah walk off , down the simulate street , past a sign which bear the FBI seal and read " combat Village , quantico , Virginia . " dissolve to : ext . pacific ocean - day Red sky . a luminous Pacific . five foot face . Nice curl . a lineup of surfer wait outside the break . silhouett , bob like a pack of sea mammal . int . / ext . taxi a flood of orange through the windshield as the cab crawl down Ocean Park to the sea . camera handheld from the back seat . the driver turn to we . driver anywhere ? you do not care ? utah ( v.o. ) anywhere . I have just never see the ocean before . CUT to : ext . venice beach johnny utah trudging across the sand , hold he shoe . Garment bag and a big duffel over he shoulder . he look silly in he dark suit , tie loosen , wear a turn around baseball cap . he wiggle he toe in the sand , look around like a kid . a pack of bouncing beauty jog through frame . Utah grin , reach up and turn he cap around . it read " I Love l.a . " CUT to : ext . federal build look down the face of the concrete monolith at wilshire and veteran . ant-like , johnny Utah 's tiny figure move toward the entrance . voice ( over ) Day one in LA , special agent Utah . you may have be top two percent of you class at quantico but you have exactly zero hour in the field here . you know nothing ... int . federal build - FBI bullpen supervise agent BEN harp lead Utah across the bullpen . row of desk . Agents sit at computer terminal . data hell . look like he get a job at xerox . harp you know less than nothing . if you even know that you know nothing , at least that would be something , but you do not . utah yes , sir . Utah be wear a suit , carry a briefcase . Harp be mid-thirty , confident of stride , tan of skin , perfect of hair . gq. aggressive . harp eat solid breakfast , Utah ? utah Sir ? harp all the food group ? avoid sugar ? caffeine ? I see to it that my people maintain cardiovascular fitness . we stay off hard liquor , cigarettes ... utah ( poker face ) I take the skin off chicken . Harp glance at he , eye narrowing . they reach a glass - in compound of small office . Harp swing the door open and the other agent look up as Utah enter . harp this be we . Bank robbery . and you be in the bank - robbery capital of the world -- utah 1322 last year in LA county . up 26 percent from the year before . harp that 's right . and we nail over a thousand of they . we do it by crunching data . good crime - scene work , good lab work , good data- base analysis . nobody have to tackle a car once . you get the signal , special agent ? utah Zero distortion , sir . he pick up a do nut from someone 's desk , a succulent glaze jelly . utah I love this thing . he look right at Harp . take a big fuck - you bite . harp you be a real blue - flame special , be not you , Utah ? I do not know why they send you to LA . must be a asshole shortage . utah not so far . CUT to : underwater a blue field with a pulsing network of rippling line . voom ! a figure rocket down into frame in a curtain of bubbles . a gawky agent , in less than stylish FBI trunk , flail around blindfolded look for brick at the bottom of a pool . int . gymnasium pool - day the pool cast wavy distortion upon two dozen men , all grumble as they stand in line , wear t-shirt with FBI logo , sweat and sneaker . we hear a splash , and the man shuffle forward . pappas ( v.o. ) the doll love this baby . it bring they luck when they rub it -- right between they button . close on tape measure wrap around a generous belly . pull back to reveal veteran agent corey measure the ample waist of angelo pappas . this 54 year old silver haire Greek stand rub he belly like a Zulu chief . corey angelo , we need a bigger tape . pappas just read the goddamn number . corey still a 46 . maybe we can cinch it down , wear a girdle -- pappas screw you and this holistic fitness crap ! at least my arm do not flap in the wind . Corey secretly squeeze he bicep as ... a whistle blow . a broad shoulder man wear a FBI cap bark at the Greek . big shoulder okay , pappas , let 's put on the blindfold . wanna see you retrieve at least two brick from the bottom . johnny utah enter the pool area in the distance . say something to one of the agent . be point toward we as -- Corey tie the blindfold and guide pappas to the edge of the pool . pappas I have be in the field 33 year , fire my piece 23 time in the line of duty , and I get no idea what a blind man fetching brick have gotta do with be a special agent ! johnny have walk up . pappas , blindfolded , turn directly to Utah as he continue , think it 's Corey . pappas add to which indignity , I get three month leave to retirement and they saddle I with some blue- flamer fresh out of quantico for a partner . some quarterback punk , johnny unitas or something . utah the shit they pull , huh ? pappas snort agreement and cannonballs into the pool . huge backblast of water . the other agent hoot and holler . Corey swear and wipe off he clipboard . johnny step to the edge , look down . we see the blindfolded pappas grovel along the bottom . the other agent cheer as pappas head for the surface . corey here he come . hold up a fish , he will take it right outta you hand . pappas surface in a explosion of spray as he sputter for breath . he grab the edge and angrily slap two brick on the tile . he rip off the blindfold look up and frown . a hand enter frame to help he up . pappas take it and johnny haul he on deck . corey hey shamu , this be you guy . pappas eye the new agent warily . extends he hand . pappas pappas . angelo pappas . utah punk. quarterback punk . pappas ( grin ) welcome to Sea World , kid . int . sedan - day series of tight shot ecu sweep hand of a dive watch click through the second . Magnum shell be feed into a pump shotgun . velcro strap of second chance body armor be fastened . White glove be pull snug over strong hand . a silk tie be straighten . a shotgun slide be cocked . the sweep hand approach the twelve . a latex mask be pull over the back of a man 's head . voice the little hand say ... the mask turn into full close - up . it be ronald reagan . reagan ... let 's rock and roll . int . bank of america Business as usual . the scene so normal you know something be about to happen . a exite man stuff buck into he wallet , reach for the door which -- slam inward . he be hit by a wall of ex- president . reagan charge in with he buddy richard M. nixon , lyndon baine johnson and JOHN f. kennedy . Reagan throw the poor guy skid across the floor . Nixon buttstroke a guard , hard in the nut , with he 12 gauge . the other guard go for he holster -- find himself face three shotgun and one very large handgun . Reagan sight down the pistol . reagan use a gun , go to heaven . the guard freeze . White and sweaty . tricky Dick slip up to he and collect the pistol . Kennedy cover the stunne customer . Johnson back up against the door jam , watch the street , and the sedan idling at the curb . reagan everybody freeze !! that 's right . all tellers step back from the counter ! hand on head ! move !! Nixon and Reagan move quickly to the counter as the teller comply . reagan everybody else on the floor ! do it ! on the floor , let 's go . nixon suck linoleum , bitch !! you get earwax ?! Nixon grab a stunne woman by the arm and hurl she to the floor . she land hard . everyone be on the deck by now . the president move fast . Reagan leap onto the counter . stands up where he can see all . Nixon hurdle to teller ' side and they start move down the line together . Reagan control the room as Nixon quickly empty the teller ' cash drawer into the sack . his hand move like lightning . reagan just stay cool . everybody stay cool . head down . eye down . the money 's insure -- tight on -- money fly into the sack . reagan -- it 's not worth die for . another 45 second of you time . that 's all . then -- whoa , tricky Dick ! Nixon pull a pack of twenty back out of the bag and toss it to the bank manager . who reflexively catch it . then drop it like a hot-potato just before -- it explode into a cloud of blue ink . the manager be dyed blue . burnt money shower on the terrify customer . LBJ look at he watch and whistle . the bandit sprint for the front door . Kennedy exit first , follow by Reagan . LBJ pause under the surveillance camera , drop he trousers and moons . thank you be write across he white butt . black and white video monitor -- High angle , distort wide shot . LBJ hoist he pants and split , follow out by Nixon , who exit backward with the famous double peace- sign hold high overhead . image freeze . victorious Nixon , grainy ... something from a time warp . the image suddenly goe into high -speed reverse . the bank robbery sequence zip backward . pappas ( v.o. ) twenty - seven bank in three year . in and out in 90 second . nobody ever get shot . we be talk solid professional . we be in -- int . bank crime scene - later utah &amp ; pappas be watch a monitor in the glass - in office . the robbery replays on grainy black &amp ; white videotape . the bandit barge in , raise shotgun and order everybody to the floor . utah good move . pappas yeah , they control the room well . stick strictly to the cash drawer . video tape -- Utah be reverse-scann . the bandit walk backward into the bank . the explosion of blue ink be suck back into the pack of money , then leap back into President Nixon 's hand . utah they do not go for the vault ? pappas never go for the vault . they never get greedy . utah smart . you burn time in the vault . pappas Reagan usually drive . stolen switch car , they leave it run at the curb , look park from a distance . when they run , they dump the vehicle and vanish . and I mean vanish . Utah stop the video , now fast -forwarding it , stop where President Nixon separate the explode " dye pack " plant with the money , before he toss it aside . utah surgical . look at they separate the dye pack . Dick and ronny know they job . pappas the ex - president be the best I have see , kid . outside the window partition police officer interview frighten customer . hotshot agent munoz and cole enter from the main floor of the bank . think they be very slick . munoz anytime you two be finish jerk off watch MTV I need to get a look at that tape . cole ( sloppy grin ) hey , pappas , you tell the kid you theory on the president ? pappas just take the tape , Cole . now munoz start to smile . munoz hang ten , pappas , like totally rad ... ( to Utah ) I gotta tell ya , the department love it . utah what 's he talk about , angelo ? Harp rap glass . Cole and munoz look sharp . Harp enter address pappas and Utah . harp they find the drop car up on mulholland . I want you two to go work it . pappas what ? now I be work the drop car ? who 's handle the scene here ? harp Cole and munoz . I be uh ... let they run with the ball for a while . Cole and munoz gloat . pappas Cole and munoz ? I be on this case for two year . harp ( zeroing in on pappas ) that 's the point , be not it ? pappas yeah , I get it . time to play let 's dick the old guy , huh , Harp ? harp supervise special agent , Harp . now I want you to go work the drop car , okay , angelo ? okay ? the Greek rise like a proud bull . pappas sure . no problem . how about you office ? you office need vacuume ? we could do that too . pappas and Utah move toward the door . it 's a tight squeeze as they pass Cole and munoz . especially pappas . pappas Excuse I . read as fuck you . ext . mulholland scenic turnout - night the diamond field of LA glitter below . the small parking area off mulholland be fill with squad car . Red and blue disco . a flock of uniform milling about a non-descript chevy . int . sedan front seat flashlight beam prowl the interior , stop on a small print card , fold like a pup tent , leave upon the bench seat . it read " sanitize for you Protection . " pappas cute huh ? they love to fuck with we . utah &amp ; pappas pull they head out of the sedan . Forensic expert , halsey , stand behind they . pappas do not tell I , let I guess . the switch - car be steal this morning ... ( halsey be nodd he head ) they vacuume and 409'd the interior , do the window , emptied the ashtray ... halsey yeah , the usual drill . Utah pull on a rubber glove and lift the card off the seat . Studies it . talk to halsey like halsey 's the one that just out of quantico , not Utah . utah could have take they glove off before set that card . laser it for print . maybe hold it to he tooth -- check the edge for saliva . ( a beat ) today be a scorcher . this chevy do not have air conditioning ... halsey sweat secretion in the seatback ? pappas you through , Mr. wizard ? let I know if you find Jimmy hoffa under the seat while you be at it . ( look at he watch ) Hell , it 's only 7:30 . the night 's still young ... you can solve this case and start on another one . utah well , what be you idea on this guy ? pappas forget about it , kid . they be ghost . let the goddamn yuppie mormon affirmative action asshole handle it . see I be almost 55 ... so I must be senile , right ? they better get I out before I start pissing myself in public . drool . it would look bad for the Bureau , right ? utah so you be gonna coast to retirement , when you could nail this guy and go out with come dignity . pappas you watch you fuck mouth ! ( pound he chest ) Mr. Hoover himself pin the seal of honor right here ! the two man glare at each other . Utah look away . utah sorry . pappas yeah . that be thirty year ago anyway . ( stare out at the bright horizon ) L.A. 's change a lot since then . the air get dirty and the sex get clean . ( after a beat ) so you want to nail the ex- president ? be a big hero ? utah yeah . what 's you theory ? pappas the fuck punk be surfer . CUT to : grainy black &amp ; white video with time code ex - president charge into bank , raise shotgun . image stop , then fast-forwards to the end . we be in -- int . federal build - bullpen - night Dark , light by the tv at the far end of the bullpen . pappas and utah sit in front of the flicker Sony in the big empty room . angelo punch a button on the vcr . on the screen -- LBJ turn he back to the fish - eye lens , drop trousers and moon the camera . thank you . angelo freeze on lbj' butt . pappas I be tellin ' ya , kid , it 's in we face . lookit the tan on this guy . the young agent look forward . stare at the white inscribe butt brackete by deep bronze tan line . utah oh well he must be a surfer . pappas shutup , you might learn something ' you be not careful ... so last year Nixon scuff a counter go over . there be a soil sample . non - specific mud trace of asphalt , oil , blah , blah ... sand and ... carnuba wax . so I become a wax expert . there 's 80 some use for this stuff , something like five hundred product . he toss Utah a ream of computer printout . Utah scan list of brand name . utah candle wax . car wax . mustache wax ? could be anything . guy 's waxing he mustache at the beach . get sand in it . wipe it off with a shoe . shoe scuff the counter . pappas the lab make three possible match , this be one of them . pappas open he desk drawer , take something out and throw it to johnny . a pastel blue hockey puck wrap in cellophane . a block of " Mr. Zog 's sex Wax " . utah ( read ) sex wax ? you be not into kinky shit , be you angelo ? pappas surfer use it on they board . they rub sand into it for traction . utah thanks for the tip . I need this knowledge . pappas shove a thick file folder toward Utah . pappas now lookit the date on the robbery . this be strictly a summer job for this guy . johnny leaf through it . utah ... four month . June to October . mmmm ... same the year before . pappas another month and we do not see them again ' till next summer . Utah stare at angelo as it dawns . grin suddenly . utah they be travel the rest of the year on the money , go where the wave be ... pappas start to smile . suddenly , he jump up onto he desk , get down in a speed - crouch , arm extend . pappas ( to one and all ) the ex - president rip off bank to finance they endless summer ! johnny watch , grin . the night security guard walk in . Utah turn to the guard , shrug . utah I think he need a vacation . the guard nod understanding . CUT to : int . surfshop - malibu pier - day Long stack - up rack of gleam surfboard . a hand reach in , pull out a board from the middle of the deck . johnny utah heft it . sights along it . try to look familiar with alien equipment . behind he be a whip - thin 15 year old salesman . nut -brown with platinum hair , jamme day - glo short , sleeveless T-shirt , unlace ug - boot . 15 highest performance , very kind . if you want to get aggro , man , this stick can handle you best rage . where you surf ? utah I do not . 15 whoa !! back up ! this 's a 5 '6 " tri- fin squash - tail thruster . you would eat major shit on this , dude . across the room we see pappas try on purple wraparound sunglass . the salespunk pull down a wide board with a garish firebird paint scheme . like a lowrider flame - job . the logo read " dance with the Universe . " 15 here , you need a rhino chaser like this one to learn on . good board . I mean for a pig board . Utah heft the board . scowl . hate anything he 's not great at . pappas set he purchase on a counter : the glass , some plutonium - pink short , t-shirt , sun -block . the girl behind the counter be sixteen , barely contain in a macrame bikini- top and " dolphin " short . angelo pick up a package of sex Wax from a rack . sniff it . pappas ( read the label ) " best for you stick " , huh ? this might not be enough . I better get two . the girl stifles a grin . thinks he 's cute . at the other end of the counter , 15 be ringing up Utah 's board . 15 hey , man , guy you age learn to surf , it 's cool , there 's nothing wrong with it . utah I be twenty - five . 15 see that 's what I be say , it 's never too late . Utah pick up the board and move to leave . 15 hope you stay with it . surfin 's the source . it will change you life . swear to God . ext . malibu pier - day Utah and pappas walk back to the car . two FBI agent in suit and tie walk with a day - glo orange surfboard . surreal image . the ocean shimmer in b.g. pappas johnny , it 's the only way . utah why can not I just walk around with this thing under my arm and act stone ? ask a few question . angelo stop at the railing , point toward the ocean . pappas look . look at they out there . long lens on pack of surfer sit outside . bob slowly . hunched like sea bird . wait for a unseen sign . disappear and reappearing beyond the break . pappas they be like some kind of tribe . get they own language . you can not just walk up to this guy . you have get to get out there . learn some move . get into they head . pick up the speech . utah angelo , this stuff be for little rubber people who do not shave yet . pappas it 's all balance , right ? and coordination . how hard can it be ? CUT to : ext . surfrider beach - day whaaaaam ! johnny be clobbered by a wave . he 's flip off he board and hit the water face - first as the wave crash over he . other surfer steer clear . pappas lounge in a beach chair in he plutonium pink short , purple vuarnet 's and a T-shirt emblazon with " surf this " across the chest . a picnic basket sit close at hand . he wince at Utah 's wipeout . shout from he beach chair . pappas I think you gotta hit they straight on ! utah ( out of breath ) get it ... utah hold the tip steady , gouge the face of a wave and squirt out the other side . another wave rise and Utah glide up over the hump . he clear the swell and the ocean suddenly smooth out like a giant lake . triumphant over have make the lineup , he sit up on the board , and fall over . pappas slice a green apple , some fota cheese and eat off the knife . utah climb back on he board . whistle and hoot sound as surfer spot a new swell . Utah watch as the regular start catch ride . suddenly he feel like a lose dog on a busy freeway . a young local in a neon wetsuit slashes past he , inch away . local outta the way , you dick ! another , shredd viciously , be blast toward he . local 2 move it , kook ! johnny paddle rapidly , duck under . see another , bigger wave come . piss off ... at himself , at the downy - cheek hotshot , at the frustration , he turn he board around and start paddle hard . he somehow get the sole of he foot in contact with the top of the board , then struggle up . he 's stand -- sort of . arm pinwheel , he topple in a nasty crash ... right in front of a shave -head surfer on full afterburner . johnny vanish in a explosion of spray . his board shoot out . it smashes sideways into razorhead . the guy do a ugly endo . Utah come up gasping for air , arm flail . his board , float a few foot away , tug at he ankle . he drape he torso across the board and pants for breath . razorhead , already back on he board , paddle over . point to a small dent in the fiberglass . razorhead you dinge my board , kook !! Utah look up in apology as -- a crushing right hook smack he face ! knock he under . razorhead pull a knife from a sheath hold by a thong around he neck . as johnny surface , razorhead slashes in a vicious arc -- sever Utah 's leash , close to the board . his flame - job surfboard bob away . razorhead politeness count , asshole ! the surf punk plunge under a wave , disappear . utah goddamn son-of-a -- before Utah can finish , another wave engulf he and he tumble to shore , razorhead nowhere to be see . on pappas as johnny 's flame - job board wash in at he foot . he calmly pick it up as Utah stagger into frame out of the knee - deep whitewash . johnny rub he jaw . spit blood . pappas kid , maybe this be not you sport . Utah grab the board out of pappas ' hand and stalk off across the beach . int . utah' bedroom - night johnny dead asleep . silence . then brrrrr !! he jacknife up like he just take 20,000 volt . his eye read panic . he roll up , leg scissor against tangle sheet and he collapse over empty box . he stumble like a blind man through the mess until he find -- a tiny Indianapolis colt football helmet with a digital clock for eye . 5:00 a.m . johnny emit a draw out groan . ext . ocean - dawn deafen boom as a monster wave crash below a sky the color of slate . a distant Pacific storm have bring the swell . 10 foot face . glassy , green wall the size of house beckone from beyond the soup . a lone figure bob out beyond the break . the surfer disappear behind the swell . then reappear , grin across the smooth offshore barrel . utah wear a wetsuit stand beside he surfboard , craning forward to get a better look . the surfer be a woman . she move with liquid grace , in perfect harmony with the sea , long hair fly out behind she . she undulate like a dancer . dipping , carve , slice , make it look sooooo easy . johnny shake he head . oh man , if she can do it ... utah fuck it . he stand , grab he board and head out into the icy foam . ocean break a horizon of whitecap churn behind he . he lie on he board , rise and drop with the swell . so far so good . he spot a wave . a fluid gray - green house rise , forever rise . Utah turn . paddle . the house catch he , lift he high upon its roof . Utah be commit . he get to he foot as he board slice along the lip . he peer over the fall , down the face -- holy shit ! -- it look like Niagara . he lose balance and spiral airborne , fall bullseye into the impact zone . the entire force of the wave crash upon he , plunging he down into the -- washing machine ( underwater ) where he spin like a whirling dervish , lashed to a slamdance surfboard at the mercy of God . he be hold prisoner in a grey -green churn nightmare , like a six - ton pit bull have he by the neck , shaking he . he look around . can not tell up from down . wham ! his head slam into the bottom -- rock and sand . stun , he struggle toward the light , finally burst to the -- surface . gasp for breath . the good news be he 's breathe , the bad news be he 's surface in the impact zone . another wave crash down , stuff he back into the wash machine . leave no sign of life in the white froth . the orangeade surfboard launch high into the sky , spin like a misfire trident missile , trail its break leash like a kite tail . in the washing machine , Utah tumble in a cold green hell . his chest be convulse , need air now . suddenly a figure lunge down into frame . a hand snatch a fistful of he hair and yank he toward -- the surface . the woman surfer burst through the foam . grab she board for leverage . haul Utah 's head above the water with one strong arm . he be choke , cough , slapping fatigue arm against the surf , panic register in he movement . woman surfer ( yell above the roar ) swim , goddammit ! come on ! move it ! the woman get she board under one of he arm for support and sidekick fiercely into the wave , hold he in a painful grip . with powerful stroke , she help Utah make it to calmer water outside the break . the big wave , just form up , lift they and drop they as they pass . mute thunder when the wave hit the beach . she drag he half onto she surfboard . practically slamm he face into the board . he 's cough out saltwater . on the woman , we first good look at she . she be exquisite . Hair slicked tight to she high - cheekbone face , she look sleek and feral , with eye that burn bright . especially when she 's piss . woman look crazy son of a bitch ! you wanna commit suicide , you do it someplace else ! she undoe she leash and swim rapidly off , return in a few second with johnny 's board . he take it from she and flop over it , still cough . wipe at the salt - 's not run out of he nose . there be a cut over he eye from when he re-arranged the rock on the bottom . woman look at this pig-board piece - a-shit . it 's still get the price tag on it , for chrissake . what would you do , buy it yesterday ? you have get no business out here whatsoever . still gag and gasp , johnny manage a goofy grin . utah well , I see you and -- woman yeah , you see I and you figure that if a mere girl can do it , a big strong stud like you should not have any problem . right ?! well you figure wrong , dork ! she yank she board around and stroke powerfully away from he . utah hey ! uh , how do I get back in ? woman ( without turn ) carefully , tough guy . very carefully . utah ( yell now ) my name 's johnny Utah ! woman who care ! utah I be tell you so when you look back on this moment , you can think ... there be this guy name Utah and he be pretty much a dork but maybe not such a bad person and I let he drow in condition he have no business be in whatsoever ... when I could have easily help he . johnny calmly start paddle toward shore . thunder white water pound the rock ahead of he . he 's stoic in the face of certain death . utah ( over he shoulder , gamely ) bye . woman wait ! Jesus Christ ! ( swim back to he ) you be fuck crazy , you know that ? you go in there you be gonna eat it on the rock . here , follow I . the woman paddle parallel to the shore and Utah pump along behind she . she get he away from the rock , then start watch the income swell , timing it to the lull between set ... woman go when I say . but stay down . just lie on the board . alright , let 's go ! Utah paddle rapidly , follow she , watch what she do . he be borne up by a low glassy wall . he bellyboard all the way into the mushy shorebreak . tumble . stands unsteadily , grab he board . run clumsily out of the retreate foam as another wave come , suck water out . on terra firma he look back to see the woman kick - out gracefully and disappear beyond the wave . he flop on the sand . shiver . miserable . ext . coast highway - later long lens ... the woman be peel off she wetsuit next to a bathtub porsche that need a paint job . her board be propped in the passenger seat . stereo be pump . utah watch through binoculars from 50 yard up the road . the woman , in a bikini , towel off briskly . swimmer 's shoulder . Long muscular leg . lean and mean . she jump into the car without bother to open the door . look at she watch -- she manner be late , in a hurry . through the tiny windshield we watch she shimmy and shake as she pull she bottom off and struggle into something else , not too concerned about the morning traffic right next to she . she pull on a T-shirt and they perform a houdini act to extract the bikini top out of one sleeve hole . utah watch impassively . he start he car and pull out onto pch to follow as the bathtub porsche zoom past . ext . neptune's net Utah cruise up slowly , pull off the road . up ahead the porsche turn into the parking lot of neptune's net , a Coast highway hangout that serve high - grade steam sea-critter and beer to low - grade road trash , biker and surfer . lean-and - mean , wear jeans and T-shirt , jump out of the porsche . she hurry to the door of the Net , unlock it for a couple of mexican cook -- helper wear expression like they wait like this for she every day . utah put down he binocular and jot the porsche 's license number down on a tastee - freeze bag . 867cdh . CUT to : int . computer room - day Green glow wash the intent face of Utah and pappas as miss deer data specialist , enter 867 cdh into she computer . she be purebred american indian , strong feature and beautiful . the screen freeze and the hard disk churn . the dmv rap sheet scroll down the screen . pappas this be you surfer contact ? female . blond hair . Green eye . 5'6 " . 119 lb ? miss deer hmm , not bad , Utah . utah Tyler Ann endicott . bear 11-27-64 . the rap sheet scroll and scroll and scroll . there be something frightening about the length of this file . utah ( read from the screen ) ... exhibition of speed . indecent exposure inside move vehicle ... miss deer hot , very hot . utah felony arrest ! " see adjoin file " ... ( he type quickly ) kidnap ?! pappas crowd over johnny 's shoulder , read . pappas this be great . she tie some guy up . nude . leave the scene and fail to return for 24 hour . no convection . miss deer gotta avoid the rope trick , johnny . Utah give she a " very funny " look . more data scroll forth . utah what else they get on she ? I still have not find anything I can really use . I gotta find a approach , a way in -- here we go ... ( he read ) both parent decease . plane crash . San Diego , ' 84 . mmmm . yeah , definitely . CUT to : ext . neptune's net - day a fat biker pull out on a loud harley ( like there 's any other kind ) . the place be almost empty in the weekend lull between lunch and dinner . Utah 's car pull in off pch . int . neptune's net Tyler endicott be work the counter . she jam a order on the wheel and turn to US . tyler next ! oh , no . reverse on johnny stand there . her only customer . tyler what do you want ? utah shrimp and fries . tyler I mean , what do you want ? what be you do hang around here . utah ( very serious ) I need you to teach I . tyler gimme a break . ( to cook ) one shrimp and fries to go ! ( to johnny ) anything to drink ? utah I be serious . tyler I can see that . but forget it . stick to tennis , or whatever you be good at . miniature golf . here , you number 's 37 . utah well , I be just gonna go back out there till I catch on to it or break my neck . she 's look at he . this guy 's nut . she laugh . tyler what be it ? you all of a sudden get this bug you have to go surfing ? this be a line , right ? utah no , no . see , all my life I have do thing for other people . in high school I play football because my old man expect I to . then my parent always figure I would go to law school , so I do . football scholarship . graduate phi beta kappa -- tyler this gonna take long ? utah wait , so I be a big hero to my folk , right ? ( he lean forward , a little awkward ) but two year ago they get kill in a car wreck and I just suddenly realize all my goal have be they goal . and I have not be live my own life . so I want something for myself . something that maybe do not make any sense . you know what I mean ? Tyler 's smile have fade during this . he 's manage to touch she , break through the tough - waitress act . now she 's look he right in the eye . utah I come out here from Ohio a month ago . never see the ocean before . I do not think it would effect I so much . like I be draw to it , or something . I want to do what you do . it 's the truth . tyler tomorrow , 6 am . here . if you be a minute late I be go . ( he 's grin ) and stud ... I do not take you to raise . I can show you a few thing but after that you be on you own . that will be four fifty . he plunk down a ten and back out the door , grin . utah keep the change , teach . CUT to : ext . beach - dawn utah &amp ; tyler walk across the sand . Tyler drop she board . tyler stop here . ( she turn to he ) do you agree to do exactly what I say when I say it ? utah sure . CUT to : utah pop into frame , arm extend , one leg in front of the other , torso bent at the waist : classic surfing stance . suddenly , he drop out of frame . we pull back -- revealing Utah on he board , on the sand . tyler do it again . Tyler be make he " pop " up to he foot . again and again . gawker stop to watch . Utah fight humiliation . he pop again . and again . Quick cut . on the next pop we -- pull back to reveal Utah on he board , in a wave . he be surfing . for about three second . he fly off the deck , ass over teakettle . on the splash we start -- a sequence of time cut Tyler and Utah straddle they board outside the break . she nod as the set come , mellow right tube . Utah dig in , arm pump . he feel the bite as the wave pick up he board and start down the wall . and endos . cloudy platinum dawn ... Tyler shouting at Utah as he fight for balance . he fly off again . blinding bright sunrise . tyler next to utah in the lineup , straddle board . she move she hand like a fighter pilot explain a dogfight maneuver . Utah watch intently . Utah , backlit in glorious slow motion , try a little turn and feel he foot slip out . he slam down butt -first on the board , flip over , foot stick straight up out of a blast of diamond spray . Tyler cringe , give a look like it 's hopeless . tyler and utah , at they car , skin out of they wetsuit . Utah look exhaust , downcast . she snap she wet towel at he ass , cheer he up . malibu pier . rain . Tyler jump out of she porsche and see Utah sit in he car . she go to he , open the door and start pull he out . come on you pussy . utah and tyler wait they turn in the lineup . rain pelt they face . the wave be depress inside musher under a gray sky . Utah start to paddle . Tyler shake she head no . Utah be commit to the I 'face . Tyler stifles a laugh . tyler ( to the other surfer ) I be not with he . johnny gouge the lip , pop and begin the drop . suddenly , miraculously , he catch a edge and , still stand , be carry along the tiny wall . the wall begin to sag . Utah shoot along the mush hoot and continue hoot madly as he thrashes all the way to shore . he turn and grin foolishly out to sea . Tyler burst out laugh . ext . malibu pier - dusk Big surf . Rough condition . closeout set . utah , board in arm , follow Tyler out of the whitewater onto the beach . tyler it 's close out completely . let 's call it . Utah nod . his eye track the unruly break . utah who 's that ? a lone surfer slashing through the piling of the pier . a real kamikaze run as the whitewater wall thunder behind he . silhouetted against a crimson sky and backlit spray the figure pump among the pier piling in a frenzy of motion that be somehow balletic . laying out bottom turn , torquing he body and blast the lip a few time , move so fast he long dark hair stand straight back as if he be lean out a car window on the freeway . tyler ( v.o. ) that 's Bodhi . they call he the bodhisattva . Utah watch as the bodhisattva get vertical with a snap , trim down the volcanic wall , carve the bottom , pivot , pump to the top , gouging the lip , get six foot of air . gawker howl and shout praise at the manic surfer . tyler the modern savage . guy 's even crazier than you , johnny Utah . c'mon . they start to walk . the sky darken as the sea finally close out completely . the bodhisattva seem to levitate through the shapeless mush to shore . roach ( o.s. ) brah ! suddenly a football whistle through the air above Utah 's head . he watch as -- the bodhisattva , board under arm , walk out of the whitewater , make a one -hande chest catch . a few yard away two team of surfer play football . Utah gaze down the beach at the bodhisattva . almost 30 year old , he body lean and hard as a tree trunk . hardness in the face accented by long comanche hair . bodhi hey Tyler ! she whirl . Bodhi pump he arm . Tyler jog back for the catch . bullseye . she shoot Bodhi a look . something cross she face . Bodhi smile . Tyler do not . then it pass . she chuck the ball to Utah . who drop he board and make the catch in one move . he spin the football on he fingertip , drop it on he foot , kick it up into he hand . razzle dazzle . he grin evilly . ext . beach - night rimmed by a dozen car headlight at the edge of the sand . Utah crouch , wait for the snap from nathaniel , ponytail and powerfully build . facing they on defense be Bodhi , Tyler and three other : roach , gonzo and spike - haire . grommet ... 17 and thin as a stick , and rosie , a biker with piggy eye and arm blue with tattoo . montage style -- Utah toss a flurry of mindboggle pass . every one picture perfect . Nathaniel scramble z-out leave , turn and the ball be practically wait for he . touchdown galore . endzone dance . Bodhi stare at he curiously . Tyler rush . Utah enjoy scramble , ducking leave and right , twist she into a pretzel . play after play . Utah toss another touchdown , but Tyler keep come . sack he . they lie together in a heap , laugh . Bodhi quarterback . Utah rush . Bodhi fake a pass then run , ball tuck in he arm . Utah tear after he . flat out speed run . roach attempt a block . Utah hit he like a freight train . roach hit the sand face first . grommet and rosie the biker in a squeeze play . Utah , fierce now , blast between they . no mercy . Utah can not play for fun . we see he expression . something scary there . what we will call " juggernaut mode " . Tyler just step aside . Bodhi run along wet sand as a wave sweep up the beach . look back . see a demon shoot up roostertails of spray behind he , gain . pour it on . both of they pistone through curtain of water . not a game anymore . close on the endzone . 5 yard . Utah be airborne . slam bodhi like a SAM missile . they crash and burn together in the surf . the other surfer run up . who 's this newcomer that just centerpunch they main man ? industrial strength tension . roach the fuck you doin ' man ?! you fuckin ' crazy ? Bodhi flash a million dollar smile . bodhi chill , brah . you know who this be ? johnny Utah . Ohio State , all - conference . ( to Utah ) Rose bowl three year ago . right ? johnny nod . Tyler look at he -- no shit ? roach johnny fuckin' Utah ! fuckin' - a ! yeah , I remember that game , man . you be on -fire . they could not stop you ass . grommet radical ! head -butt , dude !! johnny gesture " please no " . enthuse by the concept , grommet turn to Nathaniel . grommet head-butt !!! they do . they forehead crack together . they stumble backwards in giddy euphoria . Nathaniel laugh like pee wee herman . bodhi something happen . you get nuke in the last quarter . utah yeah , my knee get fold about 90 degree the wrong way . bodhi and that 's why you never go pro ? utah two year of surgery . I miss my window . limped through law school instead . bodhi mmm . a lawyer , huh ? ( like it 's a disease ) too bad . but at least you be surfing now . so you life 's not over yet , right ? utah not yet . CUT to : int . federal build - 16th floor - day Utah , in short and T-shirt , carry he flame - job surfboard past surveillance camera and portrait of Bush , Hoover and webster . special agent Cole walk by . eye the board . speak deadpan . cole like totally rad stick , dude . int . bullpen Utah try to act casual as he carry the board to he desk on the other side of the room . he have to walk past the entire gauntlet to get there . several agent gnarly , man ... hang ten ... cowabunga ... surf patrol ... rip it up ! Harp come straight for he like a home missile . harp how be the beach ? utah Fine . harp surf condition okay ? utah a little mushy . harp a little mushy ! you think the taxpayer would like it , Utah , if they know they be pay a federal agent to surf and pick up girl ? utah babe . harp what ? utah the correct term be babe , sir . uh , this type of undercover operation be entirely dependent on pick up the idiom of the speech . otherwise penetration be not possible , sir . of the social infrastructure , I mean . Harp inhale through he nose . a bad sign . harp where be pappas ? Utah point across the room . Harp turn . pappas , sit behind he desk in he " surf this " T-shirt and pink short , lift the purple vuarnet like Tom Cruise in risky Business . look directly at Harp . smile innocently . int . harp' office Harp pace . type -a suppress rage . Utah and pappas endure Harp 's wrath . harp special agent Utah , this be not some job flippin ' burger at the drive - in . yes , the surfboard bother I . yes , you approach to this case bother I . and yes , you bother I . you two have produce squat in the last two week , during which time the ex- president have rob two more bank !! do you have anything even remotely interesting to tell I ? utah caught my first tube this morning . pappas signal , unseen by Harp , for Utah to shut the fuck up . int . corridor to computer room johnny and angelo walk . pappas what , you could not have just leave the thing in you car ? utah it stick out , so I can not lock it . look , angelo , you think I join the FBI to learn to surf ? this be you lame - of idea in the first place . you gotta back I up on this . pappas johnny , all I can say be we better come up with something real soon . johnny cock a eyebrow and open the door to the computer room ceremonially , like a doorman at the ritz-carlton . miss Deer look up as they enter . int . computer room tight on crt as a lab report scroll up the screen . Gas chromatography and spectroanalysis . column of element and compound , list as percentage - of - sample . miss deer ( v.o. ) encino saving &amp ; loan guard grab LBJ 's ponytail . we recover one hair . wider , show Utah and pappas over she shoulder at the terminal . pappas yeah , yeah , I remember , last year . guy get he jaw break for it . miss deer one four centimeter strand . Color brown . oily . slight wave . pappas Hell , what be we wait for , let 's go pick the guy up . utah angelo , pay attention . there 's gonna be a test afterward . Lab be show trace of toxin . pcb . heavy element ... selenium , titanium and arsenic . pappas guy 's the toxic avenger . Utah be excited as he fit the piece together for he partner . utah the beach be always be close because of waste spill , right ? and surfer be territorial . they stick mostly to certain break . if we can get some hair sample , and get a match to a certain beach , we would know which break the ex - president surf . you buyin ' this ? pappas no . but let 's do it , anyway . it 's gonna bug the shit out of Harp . CUT to : ext . latigo - day Department of Health sign read , " Beach temporarily close . " Beyond it crash a waste northwest swell . two frustrated teenage surfer huddle underneath a towel . marijuana smoke seep upward . a sandale foot enter frame and tap they leg . angry head poke up from beneath the towel , nostril and mouth billow smoke . the two wear t-shirt which read " Passion for slashin " and " psycho stick " . pappas smile , stand there in he beach wear , try to blend in . he do not . pappas when you two be do makin ' out , I need to talk to you . " psycho - stick " t-shirt hey , I be not no butt-bouncer , dude . we be from the valley . mall babe and shit . the kid proudly high - five . pappas I just want to know if you surf here a lot . " passion for slashin ' " t-shirt shit yeah , like totally everyday when it 's jammin' . what be this , fuck narco entrapment or what , dude ? pappas flash he FBI star . he whip out a pair of scissors . brandish they like some over - the-hill " Jason " . pappas not exactly , dude . ext . county line - day row of surfmobile park along a cliff , face the ocean , door open , stereo blast , surfer hang , sit on hood . Utah move along the car , look surf - out . he 's tan , relaxed . Hair start to bleach out . one of the tribe . utah whoa , brah , easy now ... do not move ! ( Utah bend close , reach for surf - Rat 's ear ) get some huge sucker crawl into you -- ( he pluck at a tuft of hair ) get it ! uuuughhh . surf -rat leave some fuckin ' hair , man ! Utah squash , then inspect the mysterious creepy - crawler hide in he palm . he wipe he hand on he towel , which he keep ball up in he other hand . surf -rat what be it ? utah save you butt , bro . Close one . Utah shiver in disgust , then coyly turn and walk away . the surf - rat desperately pat he ear for trace . CUT to : int . forensics lab - night a long series of envelope be display on a desk . each have the name of a Southern California beach and be attach to a forensic printout . halsey inspect each envelope . halsey naw , this be not it . utah hold up a envelope with a skinny woven ponytail stick out . pappas shrug . pappas he move . halsey pick up a envelope mark " latigo Beach " . halsey pcb , selenium , titanium , arsenic . the percentage look right . here 's a match . utah latigo Beach . pappas grab the envelope , study it , crook he head . pappas surf 's up , ace . CUT to : ext . latigo beach - day extreme long lens scan the beach from a height . a gray , miserable day . Beach crowd thin except for diehard . the image drift across face , body . surfer walk with board . talk , sit with pubescent girl . the image settles on johnny , astride he board , bob beyond the break . on pappas , scan with powerful binocular from he car . close on utah , out among the flock of hardcore surfer . ostensibly wait for a wave , he eye search the other around he , click methodically from face to face . finally he swing he board around and awkwardly catch a ride . the modest wave carry he toward the beach as he balance , tense and style - less . he pass someone we have see before . the razorhead from the first day . in concentration , johnny do not see the guy . but razorhead definitely see he . johnny reach the beach and jog up the sand . he pick up a towel and talk into it as he dry he hair . a glimpse of the walkie-talkie hide beneath . utah Big zippo so far . how about you ? pappas ( radio ) patience hotshot . patience . it will be subtle , if it 's here at all . pappas watch as johnny cross toward the outside shower next to the public restroom . long lens view of Utah pass out of sight behind the building . at the shower johnny set down he gear and open he wetsuit to the warm , salt - free jet of water . tracking slowly in on he as he let it pour over he face . a hand enter frame , shutting off the water suddenly . tight on utah , he eye open . reverse , revealing razorhead and three other . they be powerfully build surf - nazis . scalp shave on the side . Hair military short on top , lengthen into pigtail in the back . tattoos . wrist chain . tone , archbold and warchild . the one who sock Utah before be bunker . they spread out flanking he . warchild this the guy ? bunker yeah . utah ( good nature ) okay , so this be where you tell I all about how local rule and yuppie insect like I should not be surfing you break and all that , right ? bunker no . tone waste of time . warchild we be just go to fuck you up . utah oh . as they lunge , Utah grab he board and swing it in a whistling roundhouse . its edge slam warchild in the gut and fold he double . the bad news be ... warchild get a arm around it and bring a pile-driver hammer - punch down . the board split into two piece . Utah drop he end as the other close . a flurry of punch and kick , most of which he block . but he 's lose the offensive . bunker take he to he knee with a vicious karate - style side - kick . tight on Utah 's towel , talk with pappas ' voice . pappas johnny ? you there ? angelo get out of the car fast . he jog twenty foot and raise the binocular . catch a glimpse of the carnage around the edge of the building . break into a run , massive leg pistone . johnny hit the ground hard . he roll and come up fast . the razorhead brother be a little surprised . archbold the dude can fight ! warchild grab Utah from behind . get he in a headlock . archbold and tone pin he arm . bunker start work he like a practice bag . at this moment , johnny be get the proverbial shit beat out of he . suddenly , a new figure blur into frame . bodhi seize bunker and fling he aside . he spin with remarkable agility and drive he heel into warchild 's face . Utah break free , staggering back on the sand . the fight be still there in he eye . Bodhi be at he side -- hold the other at bay with a raise hand and a evil look . bodhi back off ! now !! just let it go ! bunker stay outta this , Bodhi ! bodhi he 's with I . now back off . seriously . just do it ! ( they relax slightly ) you alright warchild ? warchild ( hold he bleed nose ) fuck you . everybody have back off a bit , panting . Utah step toward bunker . like he 's maybe go to shake hand . utah what 's you name ? bunker bunker . utah well , listen , bunker ... I be actually kinda glad you find I . bunker yeah ? why ? johnny answer with a lightning roundhouse that hit with a crack ! they can hear it in pomona . bunker hit the ground . flat out . light out . tone , archbold and warchild lunge like dog . Bodhi yank Utah out of the line of fire . bodhi whoa ! whoa ! hold it , lady . give it a rest . ( to Utah ) let 's go . he literally turn Utah around . they begin to walk , step over the piece of johnny 's board . bodhi ( under he breath ) do I a favor , johnny , just keep walk . tone start to go after they . archbold grab he arm . they help bunker up . warchild hold he bleed nose . Utah and Bodhi start up the stair , turn a corner and run head - on into a huffing pappas . the big man clock a batter but intact Utah . we see he shift gear in he head in 2 tenth of a second . pappas ( out of breath ) uh , you guy see a kid , maybe 10 , 12 , run with a car stereo ? stole the fuck CD too , you believe it ? Utah be grateful for the cover . utah no , but there be four guy back there you might check out . pappas thanks , buddy . he shove on . ext . parking lot Bodhi and Utah weave among the car and motorcycle , beach - type come and go . utah Friends of yours , huh ? bodhi the one you deck be bunker wiess . the big one be he brother , warchild . the other two always hang . they think they be some kinda death squad around here . utah what 's they program ? bodhi they be punk . Nazis . they brain be wire wrong . they hurt surfing because they give nothing back , and they have no respect for the sea . they just want to get radical . it 's mindless aggression . they will never get it , the spiritual side of it . utah you always talk like this ? you be not gonna start chant or anything be you ? bodhi ( laugh ) no. ( beat ) so I be up the beach . I see it go down . you do not hesitate ... they never back you up a inch . that 's rare in this world . utah thanks for step in . bodhi De nada . Bodhi keep on walk as Utah reach he car and stop . five pace on , he stop and turn back . a moment of decision ... utah gonna be some people at my house tonight . maybe you can make it . utah where ? bodhi come with Tyler . she know . Bodhi turn and saunter away . Utah consider he last word , wonder how well Tyler and Bodhi know each other . CUT to : int . / ext . car - pch - santa monica - day Utah be struggle into a T-shirt as pappas drive , intently follow a beat- to-shit jeep . paramilitary olive - drab and full of surfboard . and razorhead . pappas ten second you be out of sight . unbelievable . johnny be equipment - juggling now ... cradling a cellular phone at he ear while steadying pappas ' binocular in front of he eye . utah you be losin ' they . ( into phone ) that 's right . two-denver -four-sam - niner-five-niner . late seventies Jeep . long lens , johnny' Pov through binocular . bunker 's jeep weave aggressively through traffic ahead . horn honk . tone flip off the driver of a Toyota . pappas look , if you be gonna go leavin ' you piece and you shield in the car , you can damn well stay in sight . okay ? utah okay , dad . ext . venice STREET - day low rent street off Washington . extreme long lens on Jeep as it pull onto the dead front lawn of a brown stucco house with bar on the window . the razorhead get out , pull board and wetsuit from the Jeep . they be dress now in rip jeans , GI boot , sleeveless megadeth t-shirt , etc . watch , we become aware that two of they have brown hair in a radical style ... shave side and a short ponytail . utah ( v.o. ) the jeep be register to a Bradley wiess . my buddy . guy 's get quite a sheet . ( into phone ) yeah , yeah ... skip all that . gimme the great hit . misdemeanor possession of cocaine . that 's good ... int . / ext . car Utah on the cellular , pappas behind the wheel as they slide to a stop half a block from the stucco house . utah ... felony B and E , three month in juvey . better . felony assault . postgraduate work at chino . excellent . I be lovin ' it . what about the brother ? ( Utah be grin ) great ! another model citizen . this guy really fit the profile . pappas remember , all bank robber be loser , but not all loser be bank robber . long lens Pov of razorhead house . through the window we see the four move inside . tone throw archbold and bunker a coor from the fridge . archbold shake he and open it in warchild 's face . warchild , in no mood , slam he against the wall . we feel the revve - up , chaotic energy of the group in silent pantomime . bunker be meet by a girl come from the back of the house . she be wear only panty and a black leather vest . short black hair and tattoo stark on she white skin . bunker put one arm around she neck in a head lock embrace and slide he other hand under she vest . tone pull the curtain . utah this be the guy . I can feel it . I say we lay it on Harp . CUT to : ext . STREET near house - night telephoto view of house . bunker and archbold have partially disassembled the engine of a kawasaki 1100 park in the live room . they be drink beer and argue about the carburetor , light by the blue glow of the tv . warchild be watch a live - dead movie on tape . he replay the gory part . not a happen night at the razorhead . reverse , as binocular be lower , revealing Cole . wider , to show the dynamic team of Cole and munoz glower in a plain sedan , Utah lean in the side window . munoz this be bullshit . this be a bullshit lead . this be totally bullshit . Harp must be fuck desperate if he 's listen to you two flake . utah see you bright and early , guy . pappas walk up with a grease-stain box . jam it through the window . pappas cold pizza ? it 's great for breakfast . int . / ext . pappas ' car - night pappas pull away from the curb , roaring past the other agent sedan . Utah and Cole flip each other off perfunctorily as they pass . utah when do Harp say they would have the warrant ? pappas he 's push it through first thing . you better get some sleep tonight , it could be a interesting morning . CUT to : ext . bodhi be house - night a bunker - like structure build of stone and glass on a cliff overlook the Pacific . surfmobile and motorcycle park in front . a strong backbeat thump through the open front door . Tyler 's porsche pull into the driveway . she and johnny get out and head for the entrance . utah Nice place . tyler he rent it for the summer . Bodhi always get some slick place and throw it open to every surf burnout around . most a this guy can not keep a job . when the swell come , they be go , they have to ride . int . / ext . bodhi be house Tyler lead Utah through the steady flow of surf -rat and other pch nomad toward a large outdoor deck where a barbecue be in progress . moonlit wave pound the shore eighty foot below . they be immediately distract by the small crowd gather around grommet who have he nose press flat against the center of a dart board . his eye swivel back to roach , stand fifteen foot away , dart in hand , get ready to throw . grommet do you worst , man ! roach drain a beer in one gulp , spy the sharp needle point of the dart , then squint at the target . rosie move through the small crowd collect bet . suddenly roaches arm snap back . a collective hush ... in a blur of tattoo the small feathered missile be airborne . twaaapppppp ! bull -eye . centimeter from flesh . grommet secretly exhales . roach howl as rosie rain money on he head . the crowd go wild . bodhi stand nearby with he arm around a beautiful woman . please to see Utah , he motion he over . utah do not you gamble ? bodhi only make bet I can not afford to lose . only way to be 100 % commit . with that , Bodhi smile , then he and the woman vanish into the crowd . Utah watch they go , turn to Tyler . utah who 's the girl ? tyler catch of the day . utah oh , oh . that sound personal . tyler people be expendable to Bodhi . utah meaning you be expendable . tyler ( shrug ) we go out for about five minute ... which be four minute longer than most of they . but you can not hold it against he , he 's ... different . utah sure , he 's " the bodhisattva " . tyler ( she chuckle ) yeah , he think he 's evolve to a higher plane of existence , or something . ( thoughtful ) maybe he have . you have see he surf ... that frenzy . it seem like anger . it 's not . it 's the energy of lovemake . the sea be the woman in he life . she 's he only true lover . Utah study she a moment . he 's catch the faintest hint of regret in she voice . but also the straight - ahead pragmatism . he look down at the wave pound mercilessly against the rock . utah all she do be beat the shit out of I . dissolve to : party - later linger surf-rat stone and drunk . Nathaniel stand on the railing of the deck , corona in hand , gaze out at the black water . he grin sloppily , body waver dangerously as he hunker down into a surfing stance . nathaniel ( beer soak speech ) ... okay , so you be in the face , it 's twenty - five foot straight down , you ball be about this big . ( like he 's hold up two bb 's ) and the whole thing 's move , right , roaring like you be stick to the front of a freight train . there be not nothin ' like it , man . the ultimate rush . forget about sex , it do not even come close . roach you lose it right then , you be history . the fish will be pickin ' you outta the coral . Nathaniel cackle that absurd pee - wee herman laugh . he start to flail , arm pinwheel . Utah catch he by the back of the short and pull he back . Nathaniel spin and drop clumsily onto the deck . nathaniel ( matter of factly ) thanks , brah . Tyler sit next to johnny , sip a beer . Bodhi be not in sight . roach see , it 's all dynamic , it 's all in motion . you can not just stop and walk on in to the beach if you do not like the way thing be go , y' know what I mean ? you gotta ride it out man , all the way . grommet you ride the monster , you gotta know you be ridin ' a line between life and death . there be not no forgiveness . utah so what 's the biggest ? waimea ? bodhi ( v.o. ) no , bell Beach , Australia . Bodhi glide into the group and sit , he expression dark and enigmatic . the beautiful girl kneel behind he , massage he neck . he seem not to notice . grommet shit , yeah ! I remember that day ... gnarly fuckin ' ass ! be you birthday -- roach the set be northwest . jack up like a fuck mountain of gray glass -- bodhi I make that one mistake you pray you will never make -- nathaniel you shoulda fuckin ' see it ... it be like he fall for-ever . then the curl crash down and he 's gooone -- grommet -- hold down in the wash machine , man ... it be severe , we could not see nothin ' think it be all over for sure -- Nathaniel howl . Tyler watch Utah watch Bodhi . notice how he be mesmerize by this war storey . Bodhi smile , unexpectedly . bodhi not tragic to die do what you love . you want the ultimate thrill , you gotta be willing to pay the ultimate price . nathaniel fuckin ' A. grommet ( drain a corona ) Hell , I be not gonna see 30 . he and Nathaniel slap a warm , brotherly handshake . Utah notice that Tyler be give he a dark look . she get up suddenly and walk away from the group . utah ( to the surfer , cover ) uh. I need another beer . he head out after Tyler . int . hallway - den johnny move through the house , look for she . as he pass the de , he see Tyler stand inside , and go into the dark room . it be the only personalize space we have see in the house . a kind of shrine to the bodhisattva . shelves fill with book and artifact from he travel . Maori mask , a blowgun , a skeletal shark mouth two foot across , a huge fossil ammonite ... a unbelievable variety of tribal artifact and marine specimen . the book include political literature , eastern religion , philosophy . a strange hodgepodge of title and author : nietzsche , marx , the tao , " steal this Book " , " the Book of five ring " , Frederick forsyth thriller . Tyler be look at a wall of photograph and johnny walk up behind she . Shots of Bodhi surfing a monster wave , mountain - bike , skydiving , fly a ultralight airplane , bungee - cord jump , cliff diving . every kamikaze activity in the book . tyler bunch of goddamn adrenaline junky . I hope you be not buy into this banzai-bullshit like the rest of Bodhi 's moony . utah what be you talk about ? tyler I have see that kamikaze look , johnny . you have get it . and Bodhi can smell it a mile away . he will take you to the edge ... and past it . ( she look past johnny , see something ) hey , Bodhi . Utah turn . Bodhi be in the doorway . bodhi johnny have he own demon , do not you , johnny ? Bodhi seem to stare into he . Utah break the look . turn back to the photo gallery . Bodhi 's eye swivel . he ponder something . look at Tyler . bodhi feel it ? roach and some of the other surfer appear in the hallway , wonder what happen to they leader . he turn to they . bodhi gentlemen , it 's time . hoot and cheer . everyone burst into motion . yelling and run through the house . utah what 's goin ' on ? tyler swell 's here , johnny . Bodhi always know . Bodhi return from another room with ... a all -black surfboard . it gleam like obsidian . near the tip , in small gray letter it say " stealth fighter " . Bodhi thrust it into johnny 's hand . the other whoop maniacally . johnny feel the challenge . the pull of the tribe . bodhi let 's go , Utah . time for a little stealth mission . CUT to : ext . latigo beach - night six dark figure walk toward we out of shaft of light ... the headlight of Bodhi 's chevy 4 WD and Tyler 's porsche . the figure be Bodhi , johnny , Tyler and the other surfer . rosie hang back with the idling vehicle , tattooe arm cross . he puff on a cigarette . a wide shot ( matte ) of the beach show a pool of light from the headlight , beyond it a vast silver ocean under a black sky . the full moon cast the world in cold monochrome . the little figure reach the sea . roach ( a voice in the distance ) gaping barrel ! Way overhead , man ! closer , as moonlit figure run into the water . Utah stand on the beach , hope he eye will adjust . utah I can barely do this in broad daylight . tyler come on . at least no one 's gonna see how bad you be . johnny clenches he jaw and charge past she into the water . he stroke powerfully out through the black swell . utah' ebony board pierce the wave and he slide down the backside to where the other be wait . roach and Nathaniel , silhouettes nearby , see one they like and take off yell . johnny turn as a figure glide up next to he . utah I gotta be fuck crazy . bodhi yeah , but be you crazy enough ? grommet get a ride , slice across in front of they . a ghost move off into the silvery distance . Tyler wave jauntily and take the next one . it 's johnny 's turn . bodhi football 's a man-made game . you keep score with number . but in this , there 's no field , no rule , no opponent . just you and the wave . utah I know that part . tell I something I can use , here . bodhi I have watch you once or twice . you surf like it 's some kind of street fight . you jerk along from moment to moment , fight everything that come at you . always try to win . utah a flaw I be work on . bodhi the only way to win out here be to surrender . you have to feel what the wave be do , accept its energy , get in sync . just feel it all move in the blackness ... you do not need to see . utah yeah , right , vision be highly over - rate . Bodhi be look at the light along the shoreline . without look back , he sense the income swell . bodhi this one 's get you name on it , johnny . Utah look . huge glassy face , perfectly form . Black and terrifying . bodhi let 's go . Bodhi dig in with both hand , drive himself forward . johnny start grab water right behind he . the wave pick they up . utah shit , I be gonna die . I be gonna die now . johnny use the patent Tyler - pop and make it to he foot . suddenly he 's go like a shot . he move back on the board , trim out , slow down . maintain a fragile control . on pure adrenalize instinct , heart pound , he fall in behind Bodhi , take the same line along the roaring black face . Bodhi be like the Silver surfer , ahead of he in the moonlight . not want to drop too far behind , johnny walk a little forward on the board . the nose dip , pick up speed . johnny start let the speed work for he , learn that he can make long float turn up and down the glassy face . feeling the water under he foot , the ton of water pile up behind he ... feel its awesome power and borrow a little of it . the Silver surfer and the quarterback rocket through the night . Utah have a big feral grin plaster on he face . Bodhi look back . give he a thumb up . then he cut leave and drop giddily down to the bottom , slashing back and climb . Utah try it , feel the drop like freefall ... feel the speed . he make he bottom turn , nearly fall . the grin drop off he face . he fall in behind Bodhi again as the wave wrap over they like a great black wing . tyler , paddle back out , watch they shoot past she . Utah raise he arm above he head and howl like a gonzo wolf as they go by . she grin to herself , watch he . know he 's get the ride that will make he a surfer for life . ext . beach parking lot rosie sit on the sand next to a blaze fire in a cement firepit . angle through the heat haze above the flame . Tyler punch through , a few foot away . she paddle toward he , come alongside . tyler you have enough ? utah yeah . I just want to sit out here for a minute . he watch the light along the shoreline as the gentle swell between set lift and drop they . his face be somehow childlike . a slow grin spread itself across he face . tyler look at you . utah what ? tyler well , usually you have this sort of intense scowl of concentration , like you be do this for a school project or something ... I do not know , like something 's drive you . ( she put she fingertip to he forehead ) see , it 's go . if I do not know better I would say you look almost happy . utah I ... I do not know . I can not describe what I be feel . tyler ( smile ) you do not have to . her face seem luminous in the moonlight . the ocean silver . the shore a shimmer line of gold . the sky black velvet . Utah turn to Tyler , eye explore she , as in a dream . Water bead on she dark skin like crawl diamond . he glide closer , hold she board like a uneasy horse alongside he . he run he fingertip down she arm . utah goosebump . come here . she lean closer and he rub he hand up and down she arm , warming she . his hand stop on she shoulder . he pull she to he mouth . her tongue meet he . she want this . he be surprised by the fierceness of she kiss , which overwhelm he . tight on the zipper of she shorty wetsuit as johnny 's finger draw it down . slowly down , to where it end between she leg . he spread the front and slip he hand inside , along she rib . tyler that be cold . utah warm they up . she move he strong hand onto she breast . his finger massage she cold -stiffen nipple . she moan and grab he wet hair in she other hand , pull he into another intense kiss . ext . ocean - underwater look up from the bottom , we see the silhouettes of two board surround by pulsing shaft of moonlight . camera tilt down to show the bottom . the dreamlike blue light shimmer on the sand and rock . a big shark browse gracefully , ignore the lover . they moment of harmony with the sea will be honore . dissolve to : ext . beach - night Tyler 's porsche stand alone in a empty lot . her surfboard stick up in back , next to Utah 's " stealth fighter " . rosie 's fire be burn low . Tyler , half - wrap in a blanket from the car , straddle johnny on the sand like she straddle she board . the blanket slip down . nake silhouettes in the firelight . she arch she back as they move together in prefect sync . grip he shoulder and stare into he face , she tooth bare in a grimace of pleasure that look like pain . she make love like she do everything ... with honesty and intensity . Utah , surprisingly , be gentle and slow . he stroke she hair after she collapse onto he . dissolve to : ext . beach - dawn ecu johnny as he crack one eye open , register the dawn light . he bolt up , look around . Tyler be asleep beside he , with the quilt from the car pull up tight to she chin . she look radiant in sleep . he grab he watch out of the sand and look at it . utah Holy shit . CUT to : ext . alley behind razorhead house long lens on utah' sedan fishtail through the alley , narrowly miss dumpster and park car . he pull up next to several unmark FBI sedan . no one in sight . utah jump out tucking in yesterday 's shirt , stuff he beretta into he waistband . he also shove a small leather case into he belt . Utah pull open the door to one of the unmark car and rip a walkie-talkie out of the charge rack on the front seat . running , he pass a gate . go back . look . he Pov -- four men huddle behind a garage . cole , munoz , and two other agent . all with gun and walkie-talky . utah ( whisper ) you guy need any help ? cole ( not amused ) you be late . we hear pappas ' voice over the radio . pappas ( v.o. ) do that worthless punk partner of mine ever show up ? utah ( grin ) right here , partner . ext . STREET - nearby pappas have he shirt hike up as another agent , babbit , tape a microphone transmitter to he stomach . pappas talk into he top button . pappas good of you to join we , hotshot . ( to babbit ) watch it . I tell you , not on the hair , goddammit . babbit move the transmitter , put the tape on differently . utah I be ready to rock , angelo . where you want I ? pappas Cole and munoz be go in the back door . babbit be back I . so I want you at the side window by the hedge . you be strictly backup , get it ? utah get it . pappas awright . get into position . I be roll . pappas pull the loose Hawaiian shirt down over the radio- mike gear and he stalwart .38 snub . he step out from behind a fence and walk along the sidewalk toward bunker 's house , two door down . he be wear polyester short and sandal , and carry a dog leash . pappas here scooby ! where be you boy ? here scooby !! you furball piece of shit . cole and munoz snap around the corner of the garage and sprint low toward the rear of the brown stucco house . utah circle back out through the alley . tracking with he as he make it to the neighbor 's back hedge and crab - walk toward bunker 's house . babbit and another agent make it to the front corner of the stucco house , stay out of sight of the window . angelo be walk up to the fall - down porch of this low-rent roach-hotel . johnny be elbow - crawl between the house and a tall hedge . he slide quietly in below a bedroom window . he pull out the little leather kit he tuck in he waistband . remove something from it . a dental mirror . move slowly , he raise it above the window sill , angle it where he can see inside . tight on dental mirror , johnny 's Pov . we see a bedroom through a gap in the venetian blind . tone be lie on the bed , wear headphone . cranke up speedmetal . his eye be screw shut , and he fist pump to the beat like karate on 40000 volt . the door to a bathroom be open , and the black -haire girl can be make out behind ripple shower glass . tight on doorbell as pappas ring it . utah jump at a explosion of sound . he spin in a microsecond , pistol aim at ... a lawn mower . through the hedge we can just see the neighbor , sixtyish and polyester clad , as he adjust the choke on the roaring machine about two foot from johnny 's face . Utah exhales and lower the gun . wipe sweat from he eye . tight on pappas , smile open -face and goofily charming as ... the door open , revealing a girl we have not see before . she have hair like bleach fiberglass , black eye-makeup and nail . ramone - style wardrobe . she look tense , and will not open the door very far . fiberglass yeah ? what ? pappas have you see a little dog ? kind of a cockapoo lookin ' thing . about this big . fiberglass no . utah blink at what he see . he Pov , in the little mirror . like a silent pantomime under the roar of the mower , he see bunker and warchild come fly into the room . they be hyper and manic . eye wild . bunker leap clear over the bed . grab a combat shotgun from the closet . throw it to warchild . tone be oblivious . bunker thump he in the chest and tone leap up like a overwound toy , gape " what the fuck ?! " we read he lip say . bunker grab a steyr assault rifle , white knuckle , while tone fumble around and come up with a .45 colt auto . utah ( into he headset ) babbit . get angelo out of there . they be pull out a fuck arsenal ! babbit , you copy ? Cole ? do not let he pull he badge ! ext . back yard Cole and munoz push they earpiece in deeper . scowl . munoz Utah , say again . what ? ( to Cole ) I can not hear jack shit over this lawnmower . Christ . int . razorhead' house in the bedroom , bunker look through a slit of door at fiberglass . we hear pappas just outside . pappas ( v.o. ) ... and the guy next door say he see it go into you backyard . my wife will kill I if I lose the little bastard . I , I could care less . Whole house smell from it 's liftin ' its leg all the time ... bunker look like he 's on paranoia overdrive . bunker something 's goin ' down , man . this be not right . tone ( freak ) no , man , it 's nothin' . it 's nothin ' . bunker will you shut the fuck up ! check the window . do it !! ext . razorhead' house Utah suck up against the wall as warchild look furtively out the window . we see they both , but warchild do not see johnny , plaster right below he . johnny close he eye and grit he tooth . shiiiiittt ! pappas , at the front door , be bob he head , try to look inside . pappas you sure he be not out back ? you mind if I go take a look ? fiberglass look , I do not know anything about you dog , okay -- pappas well be there anyone else here that might have see he ? fiberglass there 's nobody else here ... int . house warchild slam into the wall next to bunker . warchild there 's two guy by the back door . ducked down . tone oh , shit . shit !! we be fuck , man . bunker that fat fuck come through the door I be gonna pump he up . swear to Christ , man , I be gonna blow the dude up ! scare and vicious , like a cornere dog . we believe he . bunker jack the bolt on the steyr . warchild cock the shotgun . ext . house johnny be pissing himself . he can see it all go down . so fast he do not have time to think . he go into motion -- slip rapidly along the wall to the next window . the bathroom window . pappas , at the front door , make he move . he push the door open , break the security chain , and jam he FBI shield in the girl 's face as he grab she arm . pappas FBI , gorgeous . now let 's take a look around -- int . house bunker 's eye bug out as he see pappas come through the door . he snap the assault rifle to he shoulder . suddenly johnny be behind he -- half - in the bathroom window , pistol grip double - hand like they teach he in quantico . utah FBI !! drop it ! bunker whip around . squeeze off a wild burst ! b-b-b - blam ! it rip the plaster next to johnny 's shoulder . shatter the shower door behind he . the black -haired girl scream . johnny flinch , firing rapidly . Wild . bunker drop , hit . warchild let go with the 12 gauge . kaboom ! take a chunk like a shark bite out of the doorframe by johnny 's head . deafen in the confine space . johnny flatten himself behind the doorframe . tone just split . down the hall like a greyhound . pappas be on one knee , he piece draw fast , hold fiberglass in a neck - lock with one massive arm . bunker , wild - eye and bleed , be on he knee in the bathroom doorway . he raise the steyr. mistake . angelo fire . 30 year in the field tend to show . Three round . chest. chest. head . bunker be off the planet . munoz kick the backdoor in like they do in the movie . he and Cole charge into the rancid kitchen . badass FBI agent . johnny , hotwire and hyperventilate , pop out for a shot around the doorframe . he get a glimpse of warchild 's back disappear into the hallway . fire . his shot be waste , punch plaster . suddenly a pink freight -train hit he . he forget about the girl in the shower . nake except for she tattoo , she bodyslam he face - first into the wall . as he try to turn she grab he hair in both hand and hammer he head into the medicine - cabinet -- crash -- shatter the mirror . then she knee he in the ball as he ricochet off the wall into she . she drive she elbow into he back as he drop . " freight train " land knee - first on he gun hand , and viciously kick the pistol away with one bloody foot . it skitter under the bed . she 's cut up from fly glass . demon -ey and wire , she body lithe and muscular under white skin . she sprint across the bedroom , leave Utah slump , heaving for breath . in the hallway , tone be hide behind a doorway . White - knuckling the forty - five . a wild - eye kid with a big gun and not the slight idea how to use it . he hear footstep pounding behind he and spin . it 's warchild , run with the shot -gun . warchild move it , man . let 's get the fuck out of here ! off-guard , tone be slammed by the door as munoz drive into it with he shoulder . pound between the door and wall , tone be wire so tight he pull the trigger and blow a hole through he own right foot . he scream and drop to the floor . munoz sandwich he with the door and draw down on warchild , who dive into a doorway . Cole drive past munoz , who have tone pin , and pound down the corridor . Cole reach the doorway and go for the shot on warchild . " freight -train " appear behind he from another door . she raise a pair of scissors and drive they into he back up to the hilt . pull they out , go for another stab , when -- pappas spin she around and slam she face - first into the wall . utah , in the bedroom , see warchild blur across he field of vision . on pure instinct , he kick into overdrive . johnny leap the bed and go ballistic . his fly tackle catch warchild at the window . ext . house the window explode outward in a spray of sunlit glass . Utah and warchild crash to the ground . the razorhead , with 50 pound on johnny , rise like a bull . bleed from superficial laceration , warchild plow through the hedge . johnny dive after he . the polyester neighbor stand paralyze as the two craze figure careen toward he . he be knock fly , and the roaring lawnmower be flip onto its side . Utah and warchild be lock together . the shotgun lie nearby , out of play . warchild jerk a 6 inch knife free from its sheath , hang from a thong around he neck . he trust straight at johnny 's throat . johnny deflect the thrust -- into the whirling lawnmower . ka - whanggg !!! the knife be hammer out of warchild 's hand . whistles away , spin . warchild grab johnny as they scramble , and heave he bodily toward the spin blade . Utah catch the rim of the mower with both hand , stop himself inch from the rotor . warchild put all he weight on johnny . push he face - first toward the blade . johnny feel the wind on he face . the engine be roaring , full throttle . pappas appear behind they . he aim the .38 . fire twice . the little Briggs &amp ; stratton die young , its case shattered . the rotor spin to a stop . warchild look up into the black eye of pappas ' gun . two inched from he face . pappas speak into the microphone . the razorhead sag , the fight go out of he . babbit kick he off johnny , face down onto the lawn . cuff he . int . bathroom - bedroom - later utah dry heave over the sink . turn the faucet on full blast and hose he head . he lift a drip face , wipe water out of he eye , stop on the reflection in the mirror . pappas be there . pappas it 's always be laser and paper target until today , right ? Utah look up at he and nod . he glance through the doorway at bunker , dead in a pool of blood . tone be wail as paramedics work on he foot . Cole be be take out on a stretcher . pappas no difference , Utah . just a little more to clean up . ( squeeze the rookie 's shoulder ) it 's alright . you do good today . across the bedroom agent babbit rip the back off a big speaker unit . behind it , tape to the woofer , be two large packet of a white substance . pappas oh shit . Utah stare at the dope . CUT to : int . police hq - outside interrogation room - night tight on warchild manacle to the chair scream he head off . we can not hear he through the glass . it look like pantomime . utah and pappas watch through the one way observation window . thwaaaaap !! the two tape packet slam the wall inch from Utah 's right ear . johnny snap he head around . stare into the face of dietz who look like warchild 's meaner brother . and he 's piss as hell ... dietz you know what this be ?! two key uncut crystal meth ! utah what the hell 's you problem ? dietz manically grab a clump of he stringy hair . dietz you think I like this haircut ? my wife want I to stay at ramada -- I be work on this guy for three month ! finally -- finally -- ( nodd to warchild ) -- I get dickwad in there wantin ' to play wheel of fortune so I can find out they supplier ! harp emerge from the interrogation room , we hear a sliver of warchild 's battle cry . he spy Utah . harp this be agent dietz , dea . he 's get a record of you suspect 's movement every day for the last three month . dietz ( stabbing the air with the packet ) all I wanna know be how be this guy suppose to be hold up tarzana City National on August 2nd , when they be in fort-fuck - lauderdale August 2nd !!! harp not a easy thing to do , be it , Utah ? utah aw shit . pappas Nice tattoo , dietz . we hear a faint buzz , grow louder as we ... CUT to : int . bedroom - utah' apartment - dawn the doorbell buzz shriek through the room . it stop . start again . a ghostly dawn find utah and tyler sleep peacefully , limb entwine like vine . johnny 's eye snap open . spy the clock . 4:00 a.m . Tyler stir beside he , come out of sleep . johnny wrap a blanket around he waist and stagger to the door . bodhi stand outside the door wear a lunatic grin . behind he nathaniel , roach and grommet hoot from the pickup . bodhi c'mon brah , there 's a righteous swell . let 's go ! let 's go ! Tyler come into the room , wrap in a sheet . Utah see she know smile . tyler he do this . CUT to : ext . beach - predawn vampire morning . a misty predawn , ble of all color . steel gray tone . the ocean vanish in the fog a few foot from shore . Tyler and johnny , carry they board , walk toward the water . tyler come on , Utah . everybody 's out there catchin ' all the good ride . she realize he have stop ten foot behind she , like a great weight have drag he to a halt . tyler what 's wrong johnny ? ( go back to he ) you be like a different person . he stare at she . his expression dark ... wrestle with something . utah I be a different person , Tyler . he let out a long breath and look away , out to sea . johnny' Pov ... the water recede into a backlit wall of mist . figure appear , faint silhouettes in the fog . shade of gray in the gray . in slow motion they weave hypnotically across the screen , they shape merge and unmerge as they cross each other . stacked up by the extreme long lens , Bodhi , roach , grommet and Nathaniel crave and slash toward we with mystical grace . in suspended time we see they hoot and grin at each other as they cut aggressive move close to each other . dolphin play . challenge each other in mock combat . so good , they board slash past each other with inch to spare . there be a incredible sense of freedom and exhilaration . bond forge through mastery of this arcane art . for the first time we see the core group of Bodhi 's tribe , by themselves . it dawns on we ... there be four of they . and at that moment Nathaniel drop in front of Bodhi , laugh at the near miss , and drop he pants in a nasty wig-wagging moon . tracking slowly in on johnny stare , mouth open . watch the four horseman of the apocalypse ride toward he . in slow motion , bodhi grin as he slashes past Nathaniel 's shine white butt . on johnny , as he react to the dawn certainty . he feel weak , dizzy ... like the ground be move under he . tyler hey . you okay ? you look like you see a ghost . SHOCK CUT -- angelo turning toward he , at the drop car scene . eon ago . the sound of he voice ringing ... pappas forget about it , kid , they be ghost ... back to johnny , as he back away from Tyler . still in shock , recoil from the situation . utah I ... I gotta go . tyler johnny ... what 's go on ? I do not get it ... do I do something ? utah no. I be sorry . I have to go . I will , uh ... I will call you later . I be sorry . he set off run up the beach . Tyler stare after he . confused and hurt . dissolve to : ext . pappas ' house - night early evening . Utah pull into the driveway . when he kill the engine we hear Greek music from inside the house . at the entrance johnny find the door ajar . he push it open a little to reveal -- int . house pappas dance alone in the live room with he shirt off , hold a glass of ouzo . facing away from the door the ample Greek hear Utah 's tentative knock . without break from he dance or turn he call out -- pappas hey , babe . get on over here so the big dog can teach ya how to bark . pappas howl like a bloodhound , then twirl around . utah woof , woof . we see the startle pappas , at a loss for the first time . pappas johnny ! uh , you , uh ... should call first , you know ? hey , where the hell be you all day ? you gotta at least call in or something . you okay ? utah angelo , we gotta talk . pappas move toward he , kind of subconsciously herding Utah back out the door . pappas listen , uh ... if you be okay , can it wait till tomorrow morning , kid , I ... johnny hear footstep and turn . miss Deer come through the door like it 's not the first time , carry a bag of grocery . miss deer Angie , they do not have the kind of wine you like but I get ... oh , hi johnny ! her icy office persona obviously get leave there . her hair be unbound and flow around she shoulder , and in halter top and jeans she look delectably off-duty . angelo look at Utah like do not you say a fuck word . CUT to : ext . house a few minute later . Utah and pappas lean on he car . the young agent seem to have regain he hunt - down fever . utah ... so I start tailing he . pappas this Zen master surfer . utah Bodhi , yeah . I be on he all day , right . he go here , he go there , he go to Tower record and busy come CD , he have lunch at Patrick 's Road House ... ( mock casual ) ... he go into the assure trust saving and loan . pappas do he rob it ? utah cute . he be inside for about 20 minute . the other guy , roach , wait in the truck . they be scoping it out , right ?! utah yeah , or cash a check . utah wait , wait . then this guy go back to they beach house and box up all they shit . load it in Bodhi 's truck and take it to a public storage unit . you see ? summer 's almost over . they be split . they be gonna pick up a little travel money tomorrow . the next day at the outside latest . I get a feel . pappas last time you get a feel I have to kill a man , which I always hate because it look bad on the report . utah angelo ... I be right this time . we can still win this one . angelo look at the conviction in the other agent 's eye . pappas sigh and put a hand on johnny 's shoulder . pappas alright , look ... bank be close . nothing 's gonna go down tonight , right ? so we will be on this guy like white on rice ... first thing tomorrow morning . okay ? tomorrow . okay ? Utah nod . then grin . pappas start back up , like a long rubber band which be stretch taut be pull he back into the house . utah woof , woof . CUT to : ext . STREET near bodhi be house - day long lens Pov scan Bodhi 's house . there be a " for rent " sign out front . the driveway and carpet be empty ... no vehicle in sight . utah ( v.o. ) they be go . Son of a bitch . we miss they . utah lower he binoculars . he 's stand next to the car while pappas sit on the hood , sip coffee from a thermos . pappas they're on they way to maui. utah no way . not yet . come on . Utah jump in and start the car . pappas be screwing the cap on the thermos . johnny put the car in gear , force angelo to scramble in as the car start to roll . pappas Jesus Christ , kid ! the bank do not open ' till nine . ext . CITY STREET - traffic - day johnny weave the sedan among the creep commuter . Long glitter line and heat wave . utah I say we call it in . get some backup . but you gotta do it . Harp will not listen to I . pappas sure . no problem . I will just call up and tell he he favorite agent see this one surfer moon another surfer yesterday and it look real suspicious . shit , he will probably call out the National Guard . utah I say we do not call it in . under no circumstance be we to call this in . pappas look , we handle it ourselves , for right now , okay ? we cover the bank , whatever . you and I . that way if nothing happen , or more accurately , when nothing happen ... I do not get my tit any further into the wringer than they already be . CUT to : ext . assured trust saving and loan slow pan from the facade of the bank halfway up the block to Utah 's sedan in the tight f.g . head flop back over the seat , angelo snooze in the hot sun with a sport page over he face . johnny look at he watch for the fiftieth time . Whole lot of nothing go on . angelo slide the sport page down to he chin , without otherwise move . pappas time for lunch . utah angelo , it 's eleven thirty . pappas that place up the street have meatball sandwich . get I two . Utah slide out of the car . feeling a little expose he pull he dodger cap down a little tighter , and adjust he sunglass . he trudge off through the sidewalk crowd toward the fast - food stand nearby . pappas pull the sport page back up to block the sun . CUT to : ext . fast food place on a long lens , very stack up , we see johnny stand at the grody pick - up window . he keep look at the bank , visible b.g . the pick - up window open and food appear , slide out . Utah turn , pull out he wallet . voice from inside two meatball , one tuna on wheat , two lemonade . total 's seven eighty four . as johnny be count out the bill , a burgundy thunderbird pull up in front of the bank . the door fly open . the ex - president jump out . they sprint for the entrance . all this out of focus , b.g . johnny miss it as he pick up the food order . the president disappear inside . johnny look toward the bank again . there be no movement . reverse , as Utah walk back toward he car . pappas be still under the paper . he slide it down when he smell food . utah here , yours be the one that look like a road kill . enjoy . Utah throw a big stack of napkin through the window into pappas ' lap . still stand next to the car . utah here 's you lemonade . ( he look down the street ) do you see that t- Bird pull up ? pappas pull a disgusting mass from the bag , unwrap one end . pappas ( without look ) damn , I could eat the ass out of a elephant . I shoulda have you get I three a this . what t- Bird ? pappas be about to take a huge bite when a meatball fall out of the end of the sandwich . it land on the seat next to he . he look at it . pick it up . pop it into he mouth and -- freezes , mouth open . eye focus on ... the ex - president , in live color , flash through the door of the bank 80 foot away . johnny be so astound he do not do anything for about two second . pappas cough out he meatball , eye bugging . pappas Jesus Christ !! it 's they ! the president be pile into the car . johnny react characteristically . he whip out the beretta and yell -- utah FBI !! freeze !! right now ! nixon spin , raise he shotgun . but Reagan knock the muzzle down with he hand . shove he into the car . then Reagan jump behind the wheel . the back wheel light up , smoking , as the T - Bird launch . Utah fire . blam ! blam ! blam ! he put two into the trunk and blow the back window into junk jewelry . the t- Bird peel out into traffic , clipping a subaru which lock they up and spin . pappas come on , kid , get in the car ! Jesus ! int . / ext . sedan pappas reach across , start the engine as johnny jump in the driver 's side . Utah bury the throttle into the firewall and charge aggressively through the medium traffic . they sedan slew around the back of a eighteen wheeler , fishtail . it straighten out . no t- Bird in sight . utah the hell be they ?! pappas they take a leave at the next light ! utah you sure ?! Utah be totally wire . totally concentrate . the adrenalin be kick in , flash through he system . his brain be on turbo boost , reacting a thousand time a second as they hit sixty through the traffic , which seem to be stand still . utah I get them . I see them . I be on it , I be on it . high-speed slalom through car and truck . the world pass by in a hysterical blur . pappas you even watch the road ? a car pull out , straight ahead . Utah swerve wildly , mostly get around he . the guy 's bumper and front grille be remove . Utah do a smoking skid-recovery . do not even slow down . the late model t- Bird be weaving manically . it make a slide turn onto a cross street half a block ahead of the FBI agent . Utah cut the wheel into a huge Ralph 's parking lot . pedestrian scatter . Utah center - punch a week 's supply of grocery in a cart . int . / ext . t-bird the president hold on desperately as Reagan white - knuckle it through civilian traffic . they be look all around , try to see where Utah go . LBJ where be they , man ? I do not see them . we lose them ? not exactly ... through the windshield we see a airborne Utah hurtle from a Ralph 's entrance . the sedan land on the street , tear chunks out of the asphalt with the undercarriage . a instant later it hammer into the side of the T - Bird . the two car spin out of control . Utah cut the wheel , slamm into they again . side by side demolition derby . wham !! Utah hit they again . the president lose control , jump a curb , lose the right front tire in the process . Utah 's car start to swap end . hit the center island broadside . the sedan flip onto its back in a explosion of glass . screech of steel on concrete as it come to rest . hanging upside down , pappas be mightily piss off . pappas Nice fuckin ' work , hotshot . Christ ! they can see the t- Bird still move . it slew drunkenly as the driver maintain speed on flap rubber . johnny shimmy out of the wreckage , slide on he back in break glass . pappas be pack in , upside down , wriggle to get out through the side window . a tight fit . int . / ext . t-bird the president be hammer up and down by the flail tire . reagan emergency sanitization ! here we go ! ext . gas station the t-bird vault into the parking lot and slide to a smoking stop at one of the pump island . the president explode out of the car in a blur . Reagan bodyslam a teenager put gas in he mustang . he flip he big pistol to LBJ as the other president charge past he . Nixon jump behind the wheel of the mustang . LBJ and JFK pile in . Reagan grab the gas nozzle out of the car . he pull out a zippo lighter . Reagan raise the gas nozzle like a gun and hold the zippo below and slightly in front of it . he flick the flame . then pull the trigger on the nozzle . like a impromptu flame thrower , the nozzle spew a twenty foot jet of FIRE which engulf the t- Bird in a instant . any physical evidence in the car be rapidly incinerate . customer be run , scream . Nixon have the mustang fire up . nixon let 's go ! move it , ronny ! ronny 's eye sparkle behind he mask as he paint the scene with the jet of fire . you can see it get good to he . in a second he 's go to blow up the whole block . but he 's get he rock off . he set two other car on fire . a figure blur into frame . in a fly tackle , Utah catapult Reagan off he pin . they roll , skid across the oily concrete . spray wild , the fire swirl around the pump island . out of the black smoke , pappas charge like a angry bull , he snubnose hold high . nixon see he and floor it . the mustang smoke out of the gas station as pappas ' shot blow out the back window . Utah and Reagan roll away from the blaze . johnny 's pants be burn . he get to he knee in time for Reagan 's kick to take he square in the solar plexus . he fold in half . drop to the cement . Reagan kick he again and take off run . the President be burn . his suit jacket be ablaze . he shuck out of it as he run . gasp , johnny rapidly slap he jeans . put himself out . he come up run , pull he beretta . see the back of Reagan 's head disappear into a alley behind the gas station . ext . alley a non-descript L.A. alley ... commercial building on one side , wall suburb on the other . two man run all out . a recent President and a wild - eye cop trail smoke like a crash jet fighter . Beyond the building behind they a fireball explode skyward . we hear siren and shouting , which recede as the two pelt along the alley . it get quieter . just the machine - gun slap of the shoe on pavement , and the hard breathe of the two man , each in overdrive , go all out in long blur stride . reagan look back . see the demon cop behind he , gain . Utah have become a engine , a run machine ... juggernaut mode . ahead of they a black and white swing into the alley . Reagan hang a hard leave and blast a wooden gate half off its hinge . Utah whip through the gate a second later . dive into suburbia . int . / ext . neighborhood - footchase sequence it become a blur . pure kinetic energy . two meteor rocketing through a low - rent suburb . and God help anyone who get in the way . Reagan cross a cluttere backyard . Broken field run through toy , swing set , stack of god - know - what . he run through a Mr. turtle Pool in a explosion of spray . crashes through a hedge . through the narrow gap between house . Utah power into the tight space behind he . blurr along between stucco wall . they emerge into the front yard . a woman water she lawn be so surprised she yelp and fall down . Reagan and Utah both hurdle she . ahead , kide on bike , racing along the sidewalk . Reagan dodge the first , Utah slam into the next two . he crash , roll , tangle up in bike and squawk teenager . he come out of a pile - up somehow still in high gear . Reagan flash across the sunlit street . dodge in front of a garbage truck which lock up the brake . it stop so fast , one of the guy fall off the back . the guy be get up as Utah whip around the back of the truck . knock he sprawling . Utah do not stop . do not look back . like he do not see anything in the real world but the figure run ahead of he . like it 's some kind of hyperkinetic video game . everything be a blur . suburbia smear into staccato impression . the house across the street be block by fence on both side . a man be pick up he mail . Reagan pound past he . right through the front door of the house . Utah follow . pant as he sprint down a dark hallway . a woman with a basket of wash scream as Reagan blast past she , knock she fly . Utah leap over she sprawle leg . cat blur underfoot . Utah crunch down on a tail . a cat explosion . screech merge with the woman 's shrill shout as Utah slam the back screen door off its hinge . across the back yard . fence . over it . running on . reagan look back . see Utah still behind he like in a bad dream . he enter the next house . slide glass door . Utah see Reagan pull it close . lock it . without break stride johnny grab a pot plant off a patio wall . heaves it ahead of he . the glass burst into a wall of diamond . Utah blast through a microsecond later . topples the kitchen table . Furniture and crockery crash everywhere . he sprint down a hallway after Reagan . a fierce woman in a housecoat shouting at they as they pass , hold a vacuum cleaner like it 's shot -gun . woman get the fuck out of this house ! what the fuck do you think you be do -- around a corner . a vicious snarling SOUND . Utah see something fly at he . reflexively catch it . Reagan have throw a pit - bull . the fierce woman 's fierce dog . utah' Pov -- the snarling little demon right in he face . he drop-kick it like a goddamn field - goal right through a doorway and run on . another door . another explosion of sunlight . another yard . sprinkler this time . Reagan and Utah run through sunlit wall of rain . they crash through another hedge . emerging drench . the ground drop away . slip and slide on iceplant , they skid down a steep slope . Reagan reach bottom . a ten foot retaining wall , drop off like a cliff to pavement below . Reagan fall , landing on he foot . pant now , feel it , he stumble up and run on . Utah rip down through the iceplant like a human lawnmower . slide over the edge . Falls -- land hard . tight on he knee and slow motion . take the impact . we hear something go . Utah crash to the pavement , he face contort with pain . he grab he torture knee with both hand . utah not now . not now ! Reagan run on . they be in a enclose storage yard of some kind . ten foot chainlink all around . Utah struggle to get up and run . he sprawl forward , bite back a howl of pain . we see the incredible will drive he on . he get up and again , hobbling . try to run . Reagan reach the fence . he be heaving for breath . holding he side . Utah stumble , get up , clutching he knee . hobbling forward . his eye wild , the vein in he neck bulg . Reagan start to climb . Utah collapse to he knee . he can not go on . Reagan reach the top of the fence . he look back . utah have the beretta pointed right at he . twenty foot away . the muzzle rock-steady . he can not miss . they both be freeze , panting . lock into the moment . reagan you want I , there 's only one way . pappas reach the top of the hill , 200 foot away , panting like he 's about to collapse . he see the tableau . ecu -- utah' finger on the trigger . tighten . rack to he eye . blink , water run into they . God , he want to . ecu -- reagan be eye , through the mask . lock with Utah 's . utah suddenly snap he hand up and fire vertically . he howl with rage , frustration and pain . fire again . and again . slump back , he shoulder slam down onto the concrete . straight-arm the beretta he fire rapidly ... bullete the blue sky . high angle , look straight down on the tableau . Reagan leap off the fence and run out of frame , as Utah empty the magazine straight at we , the shot merge with he agonize howl , echoing as we -- CUT to : int . FBI build - bullpen - night utah sit next to the dispatcher wait for news like a sailor in a storm . his leg be pop up on a chair with jeans split to the thigh and a ace bandage wrap around he knee . his face be a nasty patchwork of scratch and bruise . he drain he coffee and gaze out at the empty bullpen . pappas come through the door , wiping the remain of dinner off he mouth . pappas nothing ? utah nothing . the dispatcher talk into he headset , glance up at pappas , shake he head . pappas go home , kid . get the hell outta here . get some sleep . you look like shit . they get anything even resemble you guy , I be on you beeper . here . you like fota ? he smile warmly , hand he young partner a brown paper sack . utah feta . my favorite . manage a weary smile . lift he body out of the chair , turn to go . angelo ponder something . pappas johnny ... Utah stop . look back at the man . pappas all I wanna know be one thing , why do not you just take the shot ? johnny 's gaze turn inward . utah I do not know . CUT to : int . bathroom - utah' apartment - night utah sit on the bathroom floor as Tyler dab betadyne antiseptic over he wound . Utah cringe . utah ouch . tyler betadyne do not hurt . utah you be kneel on my hand . she laugh , shift she weight and keep tend he . tyler so what would the other guy look like ? utah never see he , be you basic hit and run . tyler but you look like you be in a train wreck , how would he just drive away ? Utah act like he want to say something but he mouth will not quite form the word . Tyler dab he face , touch a finger to he forehead . tyler johnny , what be it with you ? you have that look again , it 's like you be about to tell I something and then you do not ... or you can not . what 's go on ? johnny search she eye . she stare at he , become fragile suddenly . tyler what ? what do you want to tell I ? Utah 's brow unfurl . the think have pass . he slowly cup he hand over hers . gently pull she close . utah I be glad you pull I out of the water that day ... he press he lip to the smooth curve of she forehead . a kiss to each downcast eye . search out she mouth with he own as he hand glide down the small of she back . they reflection in the mirror as Utah slowly lower Tyler to the bathroom floor . she cling tightly in a breathless kiss . ext . cliff - night a buddha in the moonlight , bodhi sit crosslegge upon the cliff , stare at the ocean . camera circle around he , focus in upon he eye . dissolve to : int . bedroom - night utah asleep , flop in a spread - eagle x. we hear the bedroom door open , see a slash of light fall across the bed . johnny do not stir . a shadow appear on the wall , move toward he . a outstretch arm hold a gun . Utah snore softly , sleep like a baby . camera track in on he peaceful face . a single eyelid flutter . total silence , until ... kaboooommm ! the pillow beside he explode into a blizzard of goosedow . johnny rear up , eye wide , mouth agape . tyler stand above he , recover from the kick of the smoking 9 mm beretta in she hand . tyler a lawyer !? you lie to I ! she throw he FBI gold star at he face . tyler look , Tyler , I can -- boom ! Tyler squeezy off another round . cascade goosefeather fall like snow . Utah flinch sideways . tyler Jesus Christ , johnny -- you have be use I ! you jacket 's on the floor in the bathroom -- this goddamn thing 's half out of the pocket ... oh God , it 's all part of some case , be not it ? utah Tyler , put the gun down . tyler you tell I the fuck truth johnny ... do you parent really die in a car crash ? did they ?! she wave the beretta in he face . utah no . they live in Columbus Ohio . Tyler lower the pistol slowly , the strength leave she . her face begin to flood with tear . utah I work bank robbery . guy I be after be surfer . I need you , at first , but not -- tyler fuck you , johnny Utah . fuck you !! do not you have a soul ? goddamn you to hell ! she go limp as the sob rack she body . the gun flop from she grip . Utah sweep it under the bed with he foot . he move to gently comfort she . she bolt at he touch , run from the bedroom . Utah be up and hopping into he pants to follow she . he stumble . utah Tyler ! wait !! from the live room we hear a rattling of key , the front door open and slam shut . he hobble to the door , favor he knee . open it . we hear the porsche screeching away . Utah sag , the breath come out of he long and slow . CUT to : utah on the bed stare up at the ceiling . phone cradle , listen to -- tyler ( v.o. ) hi , it 's I . leave a message . beep ! he rest the telephone on he chest , let the tape roll a moment before he speak . utah Tyler I ... look , I fuck up , okay . I know I fuck up . I want to tell you , but I could not -- I be afraid you would leave ... good guess , huh ? ( grimace ) fuck , why can not I ever say what I really mean ? I lie to you . I be a asshole ... but I need you , Tyler . I want you to know that I have never know anyone like you before in my life ... and I ... I hope you change you mind ... he cradle the receiver , look out the window . Black of night . Dead still . dissolve to : utah asleep , telephone still perch on he bare chest . buzzzzzz ! the rasp of the doorbell . johnny be airborne , phone fly across the floor . hunting for he pants , realize they be already on , limp in fast motion to the door . utah Tyler ! wait , I - - whip it open . bodhi stand in the doorway , smile like a excited child . bodhi howdy brah . nathaniel , roach , and grommet be there behind he . they look like sentry dog . johnny freeze . Bodhi walk past Utah , into the room . bodhi c'mon , get you gear on , we be rollin' . cheerful , hardly able to contain he exuberance . he move through the room , grab johnny 's shirt from a chair , a pair of sneaker on the floor . Utah see he FBI shield sit on the dresser in plain sight . he palm it when Bodhi be turn away , and slip it into he hip pocket to conceal it . utah what go on , Bodhi ? Bodhi pluck a couple sock off the couch , hand they to Utah . bodhi here . ( spying johnny 's cut face ) hey , what happen ? ya cut yourself shave ? johnny meet Bodhi 's cold stare . utah I do not think I wanna surf right now . Bodhi 's face take on a crazy glow . bodhi naw , this be different , johnny . this be something totally different ... you be gonna love this . he wind a arm around johnny 's shoulder , guide he toward the door . bodhi c'mon , let 's go , let 's go . time 's wastin' , brah . Bodhi clap Utah on the back , ushere he outside . Nathaniel , roach and grommet fall into step beside they . the door close behind they . camera drift back through the apartment , come to rest on the 9 mm beretta , on the floor under the bed ... useless . CUT to : ext . bodhi be pickup - predawn the pickup be a funnel of dust along the desert road . Black mountain against a silver sky . int . bodhi's pickup the tapedeck blast . bodhi and utah sit inside the cab . through the rear window , we see nathaniel , roach and grommet in the flatbe . Bodhi swivel he eye to johnny , lower the volume . bodhi life 's sure get a sick sense of humor , do not you think so johnny ? face split into a shit-eate grin . utah how you figure ? bodhi ( slight laugh ) News , last night ... that guy , the ex-president ... they rob my bank yesterday . and I be just there the day before , cash a check . see ... look . assure trust ... same place . he take a beat up checkbook off the dash and flip it to johnny . Utah open the cover and look . sure enough . assure trust saving and loan . bodhi I be pick up some buck cause we be leave town . bizarre , huh ? if I would wait a day I would be right in the middle of it . kinda sorry I miss it . I would like to have see they . a long pregnant pause . Utah breathes deeply , remain calm , he voice carry a chill bravado . utah take gut to rob a bank . all that adrenalin pump , wave load gun , take out the guard , get everybody on the floor , never knowin ' who 's gonna burst in ... ( look right at Bodhi ) ... wonder what it 's like to take a bullet . must be some ride . Utah 's smile be a personal challenge . Bodhi sit perversely intrigue . the mental warfare escalate . bodhi bank be insure , brah . Long as nobody get shot , it 's really a victimless crime . just gotta scare them a little , would be my guess . ( ponder something ) now if I be gonna rob a bank , with all that guy wearin ' body armor this day , know what I would carry ? Bodhi reach he hand underneath the seat . he pull out a huge holster handgun , rest it in he lap , draw and hold the gun up against he cheek . bodhi .454 casull . most powerful handgun on the planet . muzzle velocity of 2000 foot per second . twice the kinetic energy of a .44 Magnum . Bodhi stare at Utah , then flash he signature smile . Utah say coldly . utah one shot stop . bodhi ( laugh ) ' one shot stop '... good , very good . I like you , johnny . I like you because you will sacrifice anything to win . I respect that . it elevate you a little above the drone who have learn compromise . here , hold it . check out the weight . he twirl the gun , grab the barrel and extend the handle to Utah . johnny take it slowly . now it 's aim at Bodhi . bodhi ( cheerfully ) whoa. careful . you get the muzzle point right at I , brah . he casually push the barrel away , look back at the highway . johnny swing a stiff arm out he window and pump a round into open desert . kabooom !! the recoil blow johnny 's arm back over the top of the truck . practically break he wrist . Thunder roll across the dark hill . from the back of the pickup Nathaniel howl . grommet and roach high five . johnny turn to Bodhi , break slowly into a feral grin . utah Nice . he hand the smoking weapon back to he . as if to say " two can play this game " . Bodhi stand challenge . each snare in the other 's power ... Bodhi take the weapon back , casually . slip it under the seat . bodhi it 's a special day , johnny U . a very special day ... Utah 's gaze travel beyond the windshield . where tentacles of brand new morning light vein the sky . CUT to : ext . desert airstrip tight on a turbo-prop engine roaring . wider reveal a big cessna twin . the pilot , a weaselly guy we have not see before , fire up the second engine . the plane shudder eagerly in the metallic predawn light . a desert airstrip near palmdale . a couple of aluminum - siding hanger and no tower . a few other plane around but no activity besides Bodhi 's rock -steady crew . utah watch grommet whip back a tarp in the bed of Bodhi 's truck and start toss out parachute pack . roach toss one to Bodhi , who chuck it to Utah . bodhi ever do this before ? utah once . bodhi pure adrenalin , right ?! the ultimate rush . other guy snort for it , jab a vein for it -- all you gotta do be jump . utah sure , it 's a blast , but listen , I sorta screw up my knee yesterday -- bodhi yeah , I notice you limping . ( grin ) but do not worry about it , brah . do not worry at all . we be not gonna land on land ! Bodhi grab he sleeve , ushere he into the plane . utah oh , well , that 's fine then . I feel so much better . CUT to : int . cessna Utah sit , wear a day - glo jump suit , hugging the chute in he lap . next to he be the gape door . Beyond ... a spectacular down sunburst at 10,000 foot . roar of wind and engine . Utah watch Bodhi , Nathaniel , grommet and roach wriggle into they colorful freefall suit . Nathaniel pull on a pair of purple short over he suit . look real dorky . grommet have on duck foot . Bodhi , apparently , be go to jump barefoot . nobody have they chute on yet . johnny heft he , as if weigh it , somehow judge the content . his brain be racing . Bodhi shout over the roar . bodhi it 's a little ceremony we always have at the end of summer . one last speedstar . utah so , who ... uh , who pack my chute ? bodhi I do . what 's the matter ? do not trust I ? utah you gotta earn trust . bodhi then we will earn it together . here , take mine . Bodhi swap chute with johnny . Utah look at the new chute uncertainly . be this a game ? poker move ? do Bodhi anticipate this step ? roach hey ... you do not want Bodhi 's , man . his pack - job suck ... they only open half the time . take grommet 's , man . roach 's grin be evil as he grab grommet 's chute out of he hand and switch it with johnny 's . keeps that one and give he to grommet . grommet whoa , unfair , dude ! grommet grab he chute back and hand johnny the one he have , which be roach 's . I think . johnny look at the pack in he hand . then at the grin face . Russian surfer freefall roulette . shit. Bodhi study he . some kind of test . fuck it . Utah start put the damn thing on . utah we gonna jump or jerk off ? bodhi my man ! ext . 10,000 feet - dawn multi-color figure explode from the plane . leap into freefall . tumble end over end . wearing headset , they hurtle downward . bodhi ( radio ) Utah , you copy bruddah ? utah ( radio ) whoooaaah ! shhiiittt ! whoooaaah ! bodhi I will take that as a yes . one by one they stabilize . falling face down , knee bent , they angle they hand and foot minutely to move laterally . Utah flail , the last to trim out . but he 's hold he own . grommet , work he duckfeet , pitch himself into a wild spin , rotate like a dervish in a head down dive . he flare out and " fly " back to the other . rocketing through the void at 120 mph they seem to paradoxically hang above the world , almost unmove ... on a separate plane of existence . a hurricane of wind . Wild hooting . despite he terror , johnny have to grin at Nathaniel , fall butt first like he 's sit on a big inner tube in the pool . roach whip it out dude ! cheap sex with the cosmos ! bodhi ten thousand foot . let 's do it . the group stabilize , move together . first Bodhi and roach link arm , trimming constantly . concentrate . Nathaniel flip over onto he stomach and maneuver toward they . he grab roach 's arm . grommet work he way next to Nathaniel . lock in . they need Utah to complete the ring . four face beckone to he , distort by the hurricane wind . bodhi come on johnny . get in here ! johnny move he hand like flipper and glide clumsily toward they . Bodhi and grommet grab he . he 's in . a perfect five - man star . bodhi relax , brah . I get you , I get you . grommet righteous - ass speedstar , dude ! bodhi you diggin ' this ? utah great ! great ! johnny be exhilated more than he could have think . scream down through the dawn sky at 130 . lock into the ring . part of something . connect to this guy far above the planet . less far every second ... Bodhi 's chest altimeter read 6,000 foot . bodhi purty -thirty and we be meat waffle , folk . see ya downtown ! he release roach 's arm and the star disintegrate , drift apart . Bodhi stay with Utah , fall parallel to the horizon , face each other , hold hand . 4000 foot . airspeed 140 . grommet pull he ripcord . he seem to be jerk upward by a great force . suddenly he be far above , a brightly color disc of fabric . Utah be suddenly aware of the earth rush up at he . Nathaniel pull , then roach . they shoot upward , disappear . Bodhi and Utah fall on , alone . bodhi you gonna pull ? utah after you , alfonse . I insist ! Bodhi look at Utah . a slow grin . the meter on he chest harness read 2000 ft . 150 mph . 12 second to valhalla . bodhi do not screw around man , pull it ! utah you do it ... you first ! bodhi one thousand foot . pull the goddamn cord ! utah you first ! bodhi okay ! Bodhi reach out suddenly and pull Utah 's ripcord handle . he wave goodbye as johnny 's canopy deploy . Utah be jerk upward . he feel he weight hang brutally in the harness . johnny look down . impossibly close to the ground . Bodhi 's canopy burst out , a explosion of color . below he be the shimmer mirror of a large reservoir . two second later the bright yellow canopy meet its reflection and go slack . a explosion of white water mark Bodhi 's impact . low angle at water level as Utah hit . in slow motion a glorious wall of backlit spray shout skyward . molten glass fall back in the bright desert dawn . Utah surface , sputtering , and shuck out of the harness . he float like a jellyfish , gasp for breath . utah Jesus Christ . I gotta be losin ' it . CUT to : ext . airfield - day Bodhi walk toward we , drip wet and grin . he wrap he arm around Utah 's shoulder as the other walk up . they be all soak and stoke . bodhi ya see ... I tell you johnny U be gonna be just fine ! roach and the other clap he on the back . a moment of acceptance into the tribe . Utah be not sure what it mean yet . bodhi c'mere . there 's something you need to see . Bodhi lead he toward a plain utility van park nearby . it be there earlier but Utah have no reason to notice it . Bodhi open the rear door and motion johnny inside . Utah , puzzle and suddenly alert , step in . Bodhi follow . int . van - day the interior be empty except for several canvas duffel bag and a small portable vcr . it be one of the new sale presentation model , with deck and monitor together in one tiny unit . utah what 's this ? bodhi insurance policy . now this be go to sting a bit , but it 's for you own growth , brah . Press play . Utah hit the button and a image come up on the tiny screen . tight on screen . a night shot . rosie the biker have Tyler in a powerful grip . her hand be cuffed behind she , and she mouth be tape . he have he switchblade up to she throat . her eye be wild , but with rage , not fear . she 's try to struggle out of he grip , kick at he viciously . he control she efficiently . Bodhi stop the tape . bodhi she 's a wild one , be not she ... special agent Utah ? Utah lunge , pin Bodhi to the wall of the van ... a elbow across he throat . utah you be a fuck dead man -- bodhi ( gasp for breath ) whoa , whoa !! think it through ! I be the only one know where they be . just let I talk for a second . johnny pull back . barely in control . utah talk . bodhi she will be fine , rosie will not do anything . at least not as long as I meet he at a certain place and time , about ... let 's see ... ( he look at he dive rolex ) ... six hour from now . Utah 's voice sound kind of strangle . utah you call he ... right now ... and tell he to let she go . bodhi sorry , can not do it , brah . he 's on the road . and where they be go there 's no phone . damn , I hate this johnny , I really do . I hate violence . see , that 's why I need rosie . I could never make this thing work , myself . no way I could hold a knife to Tyler 's throat , man ! she be my woman , once . we share time in this world . but rosie , he 's kind of a ... mechanism . once you set he in motion , he will not stop . that 's he gift , a kind of ... blankness . noon come , straight up , he will gut she like a pig and try not to get any on he shoe . nothing I can do , unless I get there . Utah blanch as he take this in . know Bodhi well enough now to know he mean business . bodhi so that make we partner , do not it ? because now we both have the same goal ... to get I where I need to go . right ? Utah 's expression turn suddenly cold as a executioner 's . utah we be waste time . bodhi see ! that 's what I like about you , man ! you be just sharp as a razor blade . Bodhi jump out of the van and approach the other , gather nearby . he address the pilot first ... bodhi get the plane down to Santa monica and top up the tank . ( to the other ) let 's go . let 's saddle up ! CUT to : ext . L.A. street - day a stylized long lens shot stack the car into a dreamlike mirage . the van weave slowly among they with predatory stealth . bodhi ( v.o. ) okay . all I be askin ' for be ninety second of you life , johnny . that 's all . int . van extreme closeup on the velcro strap of second chance armor . tanned finger cinch it tight . a shell slide into the cylinder of the casull . a shotgun be cocked . kachack ! bodhi it 's basic dog psychology , brah . if you scare they , get they pissing down they leg , they submit ... you control they . if you project weakness , you draw aggression ... that 's how people get hurt . wider , revealing that Bodhi be in the back with Utah and roach . Nathaniel and grommet sit up front . the duffel content be strewn around . mask . weapon . they be all pull on suit pants and jacket . tying tie . slip on white glove . snappy oxford . Bodhi be pull a suit jacket on over he body armor . Utah be fumble with he armored vest . he work with vicious , jerky move . his jaw lock . eye down . bodhi fear cause hesitation , and hesitation will cause you worst fear to come true . you project strength to avoid conflict . roach peace through superior firepower , babe . Bodhi conspicuously empty all the shell from a pump 12 gauge . pocket the shell . toss the weapon to Utah . bodhi here , you need this . you can not be comin ' through that door with you dick in you hand , right ? utah I can not do this . bodhi sure you can ! you may even like it ... it 's a killer rush . you will see . hey , do not I show you thing , johnny U ? utah Bodhi , this be you wake up call , man -- I ... be ... a ... eff ... bee ... Eye ... agent !! bodhi Wild , be not it ?! see , we exist on a higher plane , you and I . we make we own rule . why be a servant of the law johnny U ... when you can be it 's master ? grommet fuckin ' a ! bodhi ninety second , man , door to door . a small price to pay for someone who love you . ( he look up ) she do you know . it 's not she style to fall so hard ... I do not think she do with I . he pull the Ronald Reagan mask over he head smoothly . roach pull he on . nixon . Nathaniel become kennedy . grommet transform into LBJ . Bodhi look in the bag -- no more mask . bodhi sorry , johnny . guess you do not get to be president . johnny' Pov -- the back door of the van . and the promise of what be beyond . Bodhi enter frame . look straight at we . bodhi rock and roll ! boom -- the door bang open , revealing -- ext . STREET - bank - day still in Pov ( handheld ) we hurl ourselves from the dark van into blast daylight . Bodhi be ahead of we in the sprint for the bank door . dizzy forward momentum as we hammer through the door into -- int . bank the handheld Pov continue as we follow Bodhi , a wolf plunging among the sheep . a fat guard inside the door . he turn to we just as Bodhi butt-stroke he hard in the gut . someone scream . bodhi everybody freeze !! do not move !! ahead of we grommet / LBJ cover the second guard with he 12 gauge . grommet do not fuck do it , man ! the guy have he hand on the grip of he pistol but it 's like the thing suddenly weigh eight ton , he can not seem to lift it from the holster . roach / nixon slip up next to he and help he with it . the guy be visibly tremble . a young jock make a move to run . ' our ' shotgun come up like a reflex , right in he face . roach / Nixon throw the guy to the floor by he hair . ahead of US , Bodhi be in action . move to the counter , shouting -- bodhi / reagan all teller back away from the counter ! hand on you head ! right now !! that 's right . you know the drill . it 's like a replay of the robbery Utah see on video . but he 's right in the middle of it , like in some kind of nightmare . we're still in Pov , the image whipping wildly from side to side as Utah scan the room . we whirl dervish among the statuary of the customer and bank employee . we gaze drift across the floor manager , a short guy in a brown suit stand with he hand clasped behind he back . bodhi / reagan all customer on the floor . let 's go ! move it ! get down ! on the floor ! right now ! let 's go . roach and grommet be push they down . Utah stand stiffly with the shotgun . he seem daze . he catch the eye of a customer . in a tenth of a second we see johnny see the customer see he uncertainty . fear have they both hyper-aware . johnny gesture fiercely with the shotgun . utah on the floor , asshole ! what 's you problem ?! I blow you fuck kneecap out , you will be on the floor !! the guy hit the deck like a sack of cement . bodhi / reagan float beside johnny , scan with the casull . he speak without turn he head . bodhi / reagan kick in the ass , be not it ? gonna be kinda hard to explain though ... when they play the tape back down at the bureau . could look bad on you monthly evaluation . johnny look up at surveillance camera . he 's quite fuck . utah can we just get the goddamn money and get out of here ?! bodhi / reagan that 's the spirit !! ( to the room ) head 's down ! eye down ! just a couple minute of you life and we be go . Bodhi leap to the counter , commanding the room . but at this point they diverge from they time - prove plan . roach be not go for the drawer ... he 's sprinting for the vault . bodhi / reagan you ! ( read a name - tag ) miss jenning ... of New account . be a dear and open the inner gate for my associate . now !! miss jenning he -- he -- he have the key . Mr. duggan . bodhi / reagan whatta say , Mr. duggan ? wanna give she the key or do I pick through the blood and chunks for they ? duggan , the bank manager , be surprisingly calm as he take the key from he pocket . hold they out to the terrify woman . duggan do whatever they say , Terry . miss jenning hurry to comply . she unlock the steel cage inside the big vault door . roach / Nixon and grommet / LBJ take she inside with they . a customer , lie on the floor near the fat guard catch he eye . the guard , face jamme against the linoleum , blanch as he see the customer lift a corner of he shirt to reveal the butt of a pistol . the customer mouth the word " I be a cop " . the guard be hyperventilate . at the front door a woman come in out of the bright sunlight . JFK pull she in fast and throw she to the floor . then go back to watch the street . johnny be next to Bodhi / Reagan . utah you be blow it , man ! you be break you own rule ... pull too much time ! bodhi / reagan JFK , how we doin ' ? nathaniel / JFK all clear , man ! inside the vault grommet and roach be pillaging rapidly . they hand blur as nice fat stack of 20 and 100s be dumped into canvas sack . on the MAIN floor the off duty cop slip he hand slowly around the butt of he pistol , conceal the move with he body . he signal with he eye to the fat guard , glance at the guard 's ankle . tight on the guard ankle where we can see a sliver of back - up gun , a tiny .25 auto in a ankle holster . the guard 's eye be plead with the hard - on cop . " do not make I do this " . the guy be sweat , shaking . a yellow liquid spread across the tile next to he quivering hip . he 's actually pissing himself , he 's so scared . tight on the off-duty cop . watch like a ferret . he cock he .38 . ecu guard be eye , wide with terror . it happen like lightning . the cop pop to he knee , straight - arming the .38 . the guard go for he ankle holster . reagan spin . the cop fire . blam ! Reagan be catapult backward off the counter by the impact . he crash onto a desk on he back . slide off , scatter papers . a teller scream . the cop spin toward Utah . johnny throw down the shotgun . show he palm . he 's hold out he gold star . utah Federal agent ! undercover ! the cop fire twice . two in the chest . Utah be hurl back . slam into the teller ' counter . nathaniel / LBJ let go with the 12 gauge . boom ! the cop spin , hit by some 00 buck pellet . the guard cap - off like a maniac . blam , blam , blam , blam !!! all of they wild , but serve to get Nathaniel pin down behind a check - write island . roach / nixon leap the counter and land behind the guard . the guard 's shoulder explode as roach 's 12 gauge detonate . he pitch onto he face , scream and hold the wreckage of he upper arm . grommet / LBJ be come over the counter behind roach as the off-duty cop spin and fire . blam ! blam ! roach take it in the chest . stagger back , fire into the floor . trip and drop he shotgun . grommet clutches he throat as blood stream over he finger . in slow motion Reagan 's face rise above the counter . the mask be askew . in order to see , Bodhi pull it off . the casull come up in a slow , deliberate arc as -- the cop turn , terrify now , whipping he gun around , nightmarishly slow as -- bodhi cock the casull in dream -time and -- kaboooom !!! the world 's most powerful handgun prove its claim at 2000 foot per second . a gout of hamburger explode out of the cop 's chest . he be lift off he foot . Hit and slide across the floor leave a two - foot wide red smear . echoes slap the wall . then all be still . plaintive whimper and moan . the air be blue with smoke . johnny be try to catch he breath . he rip he shirt open to see two deep indentation in the second chance vest . flattened .38 slug catch in the kevlar mesh . but no blood . Bodhi drop over the counter near Utah . the two man look at each other . Bodhi 's eye seem lose . he stare around at the carnage he have wringht , the bloody wreckage of he ego game . his expression change to something new -- truly craze now . we feel that the madness which have be hold in check so long have be let off its leash . bodhi do not anybody fuck move ! roach , clutching he side , move to grommet , who be on he knee . beneath LBJ 's stony countenance a river of blood flow down grommet 's chest . roach pull off the mask . revealing a terrify kid . grommet pull he blood - drench hand away from he throat , stare at it bug-ey . grommet oh no , oh my god , oh god ... it 's all comin ' out man , gotta stop it ... it 's all gonna come out ... do something !! he 's try to hold it in with he hand . this do not work . a paste-white frighten kid . eighteen year old . suddenly realize that this be not some video game . that death be real . he slump back , lose the battle for consciousness . we hear siren approaching . roach ( freaking to Bodhi ) we gotta bug out , man ! we be eatin ' it bad on this one . let 's go ! Bodhi reach down and pick up johnny 's FBI shield off the floor . he consider it for a long time . then look up at johnny . his eye seem to ask for forgiveness ... a moment before he smashes the casull into johnny 's skull . johnny' Pov , as he drop to he knee . everything go dark as we see Bodhi 's face distantly , he mouth move slowly ... bodhi Goodbye , johnny . the floor rush up and smashes we in the face . a view of shoe , run away from we , leave bloody footprint . then total darkness . CUT to : int . / ext . first security bank - later ten minute later the bank " crime scene " be in full swing . uniform cop be everywhere , try to get statement from sobbing witness . harp , munoz , cole and pappas represent the FBI contingent . Cole have one arm strapped to he body in a fairly elaborate sling , and he move slowly . Harp be bark order to everyone in sight . outside ( visible beyond the door ) it 's total pandemonium , with cop and ambulance , and of course a huge crowd of rubbernecker . a minicam crew show up . Harp start shouting at they . cole , with evident pleasure , cinch down a pair of handcuff 's on Utah 's wrist with he good hand . johnny have a deep cut on he forehead , and the blood be trickle into he eye , but he seem not to notice . not to hear munoz speak monotonously -- munoz -- if you so desire , a attorney will be provide for you free of cost . do you understand this rights I have explain to you ? Utah ? pappas charge through the crowd , push munoz aside . pappas he know he goddamn rights ! ( look at Utah ) Jesus , kid . I know you be get too close to this guy . ( turn to the other agent ) gimme the goddamn key to this thing , Cole . Christ ! he gesture to the cuff still cut into johnny 's wrist . Cole hand he the key . Harp storm toward they . harp do not take that off . just leave they on ! you partner 's a accessory to murder . you realize that ? Harp spin johnny by the shoulder to look at -- paramedics carry the cover body of the off-duty cop . Beyond , still on the floor , be grommet , he eye stare in death . he be right about not make thirty . harp Three man dead . one of they a cop . how 's that sit in you gut , Utah ? utah ( cold and scary ) take you hand off my shoulder right now . Harp pull back instinctively . Utah 's eye burn into he . look like johnny 's not in the FBI anymore . pappas look , Harp . do not turn he over to the uniform like some punk . let I ride he in . harp yeah , sure . why not ? you two screw - up deserve each other . that 's why I put you together in the first place . Christ pappas , you be as bad as he be ... talk about the blind lead the blind -- pappas step close to the supervise agent . pappas Harp , let I tell you something . I be a agent in this bureau when you mommy be still wiping you shinny pink ass , and you know one thing I learn in all that year that you still have not ? harp what that ? angelo step in with a roundhouse that have all of he 280 pound behind it . Harp 's head snap back , and he flop in a heap . pappas respect you elder . ( he take Utah by the arm ) let 's go kid . Harp struggle to sit up , rub he jaw , as pappas stuff Utah into he car . Harp be so shocked he do not say a word . CUT to : int . pappas ' car they drive for a couple of block in silence , side by side . Utah in disgrace . contrite . stony. finally ... utah I know where they be go . pappas figure you do . angelo flip johnny the key . johnny let himself out of the cuff . he sit rub he wrist . utah only problem be ... we can not arrest they or shoot they . on pappas ' " what the fuck ?! " expression we -- CUT to : ext . santa monica airport long lens shot through a forest of small plane as pappas ' sedan glide into frame . it move sharklike among through the cessna forest . slow to a stop . through the jungle of wing and fuselage we see pappas get out of the car and start work he way among the aircraft . Utah slide behind the wheel and drive on . tight on turboprop engine roaring as it warm up . the same aircraft as before . Bodhi and Nathaniel be load duffel bag into the open back door as the pilot complete he pre-flight check . the ex - President 's suit have be remove , along with the body armor , and no gun be in sight . just a couple of guy get ready for a charter flight . Bodhi look up and stop he work as ... the FBI sedan stop about 50 foot away . Nathaniel pull a shotgun out of one of the duffel . Utah get out . he hold he hand out from he body and turn completely around . without he jacket on , it be evident that he be not carry a gun . he walk forward . utah I be not armed . bodhi but you be not alone . utah good guess . there 's a gun on you right now . Bodhi feign casual interest . look around . he can not see ... pappas nearby . move cat- like behind a row of service vehicle . he get he snubnose .38 propped on the bumper of one , with a clear shot at Bodhi and Nathaniel . utah where 's roach ? bodhi around somewhere . listen , I be in kind of a hurry , johnny U . what can I do for you ? utah you gotta tell I where she be . bodhi and let my policy expire ? sorry . utah look , Bodhi man . people be dead . the ride be over . bodhi I say when it 's over ! utah the guy you kill be a off duty cop ! if you get out of here they will nail you wherever you land . they have a new thing call radar . maybe you have hear of it . though he can not hear what 's go on . the pilot have clocked the tension between the two man . and the shotgun in Nathaniel 's hand . he blanch , and start to shut down the plane 's power . by he reaction we see that he 's obviously not in on it . roach come out of the hangar building nearby . neither Utah nor pappas see he . but he see pappas draw down on Bodhi . he drop quickly to one knee and open the duffel he be carry . tight on duffel bag , as it open . the pistol grip of a 12 gauge riot - gun stick out of lot and lot of money . roach 's hand slide the gun out slowly . utah be very close to Bodhi . utah I know you man , when they fall on you , you will not back down . they will have to burn you ass to the ground . and I can not stop they ... I be the last person they be ready to listen to right now . thanks to you . utah shit may or may not happen . utah look , you get a death wish , you want to ride to glory ... fine ! but do not take she with you , man . I be begging you ... tell I where she be . then I walk away . we have earn that much trust , have not we ? the pilot open the door and be climb out when Nathaniel wheel on he . the pilot go cross -ey stare down the muzzle of the 12 gauge , inch from he face . bodhi ( to the pilot ) back in the hotseat , campadre . now ! behind the truck , pappas sense something . his head snap around . roach be behind he with the 12 gauge . he fire . pappas hurl he weight sideways , as the buckshot punch into the truck fender . some of it catch pappas in the hip . he hit the ground hard and whip up the .38 bam ! bam ! bam ! roach flip onto he back . the shotgun blow a hole in the sky as he hit the deck . pappas be on the ground , totally expose , 20 foot from the other . nathaniel fire once , wild . terrify . his shot blow a divot out of the asphalt next to pappas . he pump the slide , chamber another round . then pappas ' fourth and fifth round drill into he . he slam back against the cessna 's fuselage . slide down . two red smear on the white aircraft . Bodhi lunge for the fall 12 gauge . pappas take aim . one round leave . Utah sprint between they . utah angelo ! do not fire ! pappas kid , get outta the way !! utah nooo !! Utah be block Bodhi with he body . Bodhi 's finger be poise , freeze , a few inch from the shotgun . standoff . pappas goddammit !! he snap the pistol up , aim at the sky . pappas stand panting . enrage and frustrated . pain searing he leg . everything be tense and electrify . boom !! pappas ' chest explode with a spray of blood ! behind he , roach be lie on one elbow in a pool of scarlet . he cock another round into the chamber and fire again . boom ! angelo drop to he knee , hold he ruin body like he 's hugging himself . johnny lunge toward he , he face distort with shock . utah nnnoooooo !!! angelo 's eye meet he for a moment . in he dilate pupil be the great question . then he slump forward and lie very still . the breath leave he body and do not go back in . johnny move toward he friend in a daze . drop to one knee beside he . roach aim the shotgun at he , cough blood . Utah do not notice . or be beyond caring . Bodhi hold he hand up in a gesture like a benediction . roach 's finger relax on the trigger . Utah put he hand on angelo 's white crewcut hair . he hear the scraping of steel on asphalt behind he as Bodhi pick up the other twelve gauge . roach be work himself to he knee . his breath be suck through a bloody hole in he chest as well as the customary breathe orifice . Bodhi cross to he and help he up . he cover Utah with the shot gun as he half - carry roach to the plane . the pilot be white with shock . he would run if he could remember how . pilot I be not flyin ' you guy to San phillipe man , forget it . not now -- bodhi thanks for tell the nice FBI agent where we be go . roach work he way up into the plane . he wave the shotgun at the pilot , he face a vicious , blood - fleck mask . roach get in the fuck plane . Bodhi stand behind johnny , the shotgun aim at he head . they expression be lethally cold . we see that Utah hate this man who be he friend , he teacher , more now than he dream it be possible to hate . bodhi we be gonna ride this out , all the way , johnny . you and I . let 's go . johnny nod slowly , as if accept that this be all somehow pre-ordained , and that they both know the game would take they this far and beyond . he stand and walk to the plane . CUT to : ext . mexico - day the screen explode with a blur of motion . Pov of the ground racing below we at 180 mph . reverse , precede the plane as it rocket through barren canyon . as close to the earth as the terrify pilot will take it . under the radar . int . plane the aircraft buck like a bull as the pilot jink and bank wildly . Bodhi have the casull aim at the base of he skull from the jump seat just behind he . roach hold the shotgun on Utah , seat across from he in the rear seat . roach be a pale , sweaty mask . he be propped against a bulkhead , seemingly collapse in on himself like a discard coat . his entire shirtfront and lap be slick with blood . but he gaze be steady , and the shotgun be aim into Utah 's gut . no one talk or move on this grim hell - ride . ext . arroyo near noon . the sun blister a landscape out of time . the white cessna rocket above the saguaros , its shadow pump up and down over the break terrain like some manic alter ego below it . it wooshes over we , raise dust devil . int . plane the pilot yell over he shoulder to Bodhi ... pilot look , we be in Mexico the last half hour ... can I quit mow the lawn here or what ? I be get more brush in the wheel than I usually like , you know what I be say ?! bodhi yeah , get some height . take she up to eight thousand on this head . the pilot pull back on the yoke and the plane climb . Bodhi move back next to roach , who 's fade . roach we be gonna pop up on they screen . bodhi do not matter now . we be almost there , man . here , let I help you get you gear on . Bodhi drag a parachute pack up onto the seat next to roach and start help he into the harness . roach keep the shot gun point at johnny . roach I be cold . bodhi you be gonna be fine . just fine . johnny , toss I that money bag will you . easy do it . Utah heft the duffel . weigh its content , and they price . utah you be cold because all the blood be run out of you body , roach . you be go to be dead soon . ( he toss the bag ) I hope it be worth it . roach clutches the canvas sack to he chest like a teddy bear . glare at Utah . he hook the strap of the duffel over one shoulder . bodhi hey , johnny 's just try to psych you man , forget it . just keep think about all that senoritas nursin ' you back to health . come on , amigo , let 's get you set for the jump . Bodhi prop roach next to the open door and take a walkie-talkie from the seat , key it . bodhi rosie , rosie , this be Air Force one , do you copy , over ? a burst of static be follow by a surprisingly clear voice . rosie ( v.o. ) copy you , Air Force one . we have a visual on you . lookin ' fine . utah tell he to release Tyler . bodhi why should I ? utah what if you chute fail , Bodhi ? rescind the order . let she off the hook , she 's serve she purpose . do it , man , you owe I that much . let I hear it before you check out . Bodhi meet he eye and consider for a couple of second , then key the walkie . bodhi rosie , listen carefully . surgery be cancel , be that clear ? repeat it back to I . rosie ( v.o. ) copy you . surgery be cancel . I be lettin' the bitch go . Bodhi look out the doorway . gauging distance , airspeed , the geography below . he look at Utah , aim the casull at he . johnny stare back at he like a pit viper . bodhi I know it 's hard for you johnny . you want I so bad it 's like acid in you mouth . but not he time . ( he brace roach at the door ) let 's go . Bodhi signal the pilot and Utah feel the plane drop as the engine be cut back to a idle . Bodhi slap roach on the shoulder and roach slump backward out of the plane . Bodhi brace to jump , look at johnny for a last split - second . bodhi you lose , campadre . he chuck the casull onto the seat beside the door and bail . Bodhi tumble out into space . it 's over . Utah 's knuckle be white , grip the seat . there 's a dynamo , spin out of control in he head . he leap up in a explosion of rage and drive he fist into a bulkhead . look around like a rabid animal . two second . three second . then ... utah fuck it !!! Utah grab the casull off the seat and dive out of the plane . ext . plane utah , without a parachute , but carry a very large gun , rocket downward . he press he arm to he side and fall head - down , building speed . Three hundred foot below he be Bodhi , freefalling in a spread-eagle position . Utah move he foot and hand , angle toward he . Bodhi do not see he . falling flat , he top out at terminal velocity for that position . 130 mph . Utah slashes downward at 160 mph . the gap between they close . Utah be almost blind by the windstream . his eye burn . his lip be peel back by the blast air . Bodhi be eighty foot below he ... 4000 foot to terra firma . Utah focus all he incredible will and concentration . he 's only go to have one shot at this . Bodhi be right below he . Utah be close like a SAM missile . he trim a little , and ... wham ! slam into Bodhi in a mid-air tackle . Bodhi 's eye be wide with amazement as they tumble together . Utah have make the grab and lock he arm around Bodhi in a iron grip . he pull the casull 's muzzle up to Bodhi 's head and scream in he face . utah pull the parachute !! Bodhi look at the gun . look at Utah . grin wildly . bodhi pretty radical , johnny . even for you . why do not you pull it ? utah no game , Bodhi . pull the cord ! now !! bodhi naw , you pull it ! Utah look down . the earth be rush at they . 2500 foot . bodhi go on , johnny . pull it . but you gotta drop the gun , first ! right ?! you use you other hand what you gonna hold on with ? utah pull it right now or I will blow you fuck head off and pull it myself ! bodhi well that 's the only way it 's gonna happen , man . do it ! come on , you want to do it . you be gonna die , johnny . five more second . four ... 1000 foot . the ground be close enough to see detail . cactus , sagebrush . they rocket past the bright yellow canopy of roach 's chute a hundred foot away . utah you fuck crazy !? pull it !! they be right in each other 's face . take it way beyond the edge . Bodhi 's eye be wild . a gleeful , adrenalize madness ... he pupil be the entrance to Hell . bodhi Three second ... two ... one ... utah shit !! Utah fling the casull away and pull the rip-cord so hard he almost lose he grip anyway . poom ! the canopy crack out . full and round and bright red . the ground roar at we . whap ! Utah and Bodhi hit . hard . they slide and tumble down the slope of a arroyo in a cloud of dust . rock and debris clatter into silence . nearby roach hit the ground limp as a rag doll . he move listlessly as he chute line tug at he but he eye stare without blink right at the sun . next to he the money satchel 's content be spill right into the sand . roach 's lifeless hand lie limp among the bill that caper in the desert wind . utah and bodhi be both completely still as the dust clear . finally they groan and stir . neck move , hand move , leg move . Bodhi roll to he knee . he be cut and scrape , the blood run bright down he dust - cover skin . Utah look around , blink . surreal that he should be plopped down here in the red-hot mexican desert . Bodhi stagger to he foot and grin at he . bodhi Wild ride , huh ? utah ( gasp ) Jesus Christ , Bodhi ! Utah try to rise and -- grab he knee in agony . we see by he mask of pain that it 's totale inside . bodhi that pesky knee , huh ? too bad . he look up at the sound of a engine . bodhi's Pov of he big four - by roaring toward we with a meteor tail of dust . it slide to a stop next to they . rosie get out of the driver 's side and stand calmly with a saw - off over he shoulder . Utah blink through he sweat and pain at -- tyler run toward he out of the dust . she kneel next to he and put she arm around he . Bodhi limp to the truck . through the swirl dust we see he look back . bodhi you have I worried there , for a second , johnny U . he swing up into the four - by and gun the engine . rosie hop into the shotgun seat and the truck hurl up roostertails as it tear out across the desert toward roach 's billow gravemarker . johnny touch Tyler 's face tenderly , leave a smear of blood . he give she a want version of the johnny Utah grin . hold on the truck move off in a heat - shimmer cloud of dust , become a mirage , then a memory as we -- dissolve to : a enormous wave which fill frame , seem to rise endlessly before thunder down in a holocaust of spray . ext . beach day - day a unfamiliar beach laid waste by monster wave under a storm sky . wind whip sand across the narrow beach -road , throw it against the front door of the lighthouse pub . title over : one year later ... int . lighthouse pub - day Dark . almost empty . a snarling crocodile head be mount above a tapper of guinness Stout . a koala bear with plastic eye hold a Foster 's . a bartender with leather skin wash glass . at the bar , a single dishevel customer ... human driftwood . gust of wind blow open a shutter window . the bartender move to close it . bartender gonna close early today , mate , ' fore the bloody storm hit . johnny utah swivel toward camera . his tan face be barely recognizable , jaw hide underneath a slight beard , long bleach - out hair sweep behind a ear . his muscular shoulder pop from a sleeveless football jersey . the man seem deadly focus . utah Storm 's already here ... it 's bring I the swell . johnny stare into he drink . another blast of cold as the front door open . johnny turn at the sound . tyler take a step inside . her hair be different , more bleach out , frazzle from the sun . her eye adjust to the dark room . tyler John , they be here . Utah downs the drink and slide off he stool . he have a pronounce limp as he cross to Tyler at the door . they exit into daylight under a old wooden sign which read : lighthouse pub - bell beach , australia CUT to : ext . lighthouse pub - day utah and tyler walk out onto the roadway as several Australian Police car converge on they . a dozen uniform officer step out . the rank officer , a fortyish lieutenant , walk up to Utah . lieutenant D ' you see he , Mr. Utah ? utah no . but he 's here . lieutenant now , look , I know you use to be a federal agent up in the state and all that , but you be a citizen now , so just find he and we will handle it from there . utah no problem . just give I a couple minute with he first . johnny limp out across the huge expanse of sand alone . CUT to : ext . bell beach - australia - day wall of solid water five stories high crash straight down in a holocaust of spray ... rising up from the ocean to meet a torment sky , roll the most terrifying wave any surfer have ever see . they close out , pummel the ocean floor , casting a shockwave up the shore . surfer gather on the sand , gaze out to sea . 1st surfer Jesus almighty , the bloody sand 's shakin' . the beach sound like a mortar range . johnny pass among the brah . 2 nd surfer totally close - out . it 's fuckin ' death on a stick . on bodhi , sit crosslegge in the sand , arm fold around he knee . he stare pensively out at the wave . his hand reach out and absently stroke a surfboard lie next to he . utah ( v.o. ) I know you would not miss the fifty year storm , Bodhi . Bodhi smile , the odd smile of a sportsman who appreciate the cun of he opponent . Utah sit beside he prey and stare at the ocean . Bodhi stare with glitter eye at the heaving ocean before he , face split into that feral , death 's head grin . bodhi and I always know I could count on you , agent Utah . utah I be not FBI anymore . bodhi you never be ... utah I ask they to give I a couple minute ... Utah calmly glance over he shoulder . Bodhi follow johnny 's gaze to the cop watch from the road . bodhi it go bad , brah . Real bad . ( smile inwardly ) I just feel it be time ... a booming roar sound from the ocean . Bodhi just stare at the wave , with awe and perhaps fear . bodhi time to dance with the universe . ( he turn to Utah ) I could never handle a jail cell . you will do this for I , will not you johnny ? have not I earn this much ? Utah do not move to stop he as he stand , hefting the longboard . he half smile , then turn toward the water , and start walk . he stop . turn around . bodhi thanks , brah . Bodhi do not wait for a reply . he walk to the water 's edge , and never look back . he throw he board into the foam and paddle , the riptide pull he out . the monster dwarf he body as they quickly suck he into the trough of the holocaust . utah stand and solemnly wait for the universe to deliver final justice . the cop be run clumsily across the sand , too late to stop Bodhi . Tyler step up behind johnny , and put she hand on he shoulder . bodhi be nothing more than a speck as he shoot across the lip of the colossal wave , carve the board downward -- a unthinkable forehand blast send he into a 180 degree slide straight down the enormous face , eye wild , he mouth open in a soundless howl -- Bodhi and the outer - limit wave be lock for one impossible yet glorious moment in perfect harmony , perfect symmetry , perfect union ... there be no fear in he face , only awe as the mountain of water close out , bury the bodhisattva in a whitewater grave ... piece of break surfboard explode upward , only to fall back into the raging whiteness and vanish . utah remain pensive , eye fix on the riderless surf . Tyler lower she head . a fragment of surfboard wash up onto wet sand . the wind gather force . johnny finally turn to he woman , curl a arm around she shoulder , gather she close . tear be stream down she face as she stare at the sea . utah he ride it all the way . camera pull back and up , rise high above they head as the liquid vertical wall continue to hammer the Australian shore ... fade to black