Movie : mewtwo strike back *** this be not a official manuscript . this be a translation of a untranslate episode and be only release as a reference material to the pokémon series and game . all copyright belong to nintendo , game freak , and all creator of the movie *** ( open when the camera be underwater . ) Voice who be I ? I have be dream about this world which do not exist in my memory . ( mew swim by ) who be you ? wait ! be I apart of you ...? or not ...? ( camera go into a darker place with orange bubbles then it show someone 's eye open . human figure be see outside where he be . ) where be this ? who be I ? who bring I here ? ( we now see who the voice belong to , it 's mewtwo . ) mewtwo who be I and why be I here ? I just appear here . I have not even be bear to this world yet . who be I ? ( mewtwo open he eye completely and shatter the glass and all the wire fall of he ! ) scientist it have awaken ! mewtwo do he do this ? scientist wonderful ! mewtwo have be complete . mewtwo mewtwo ? scientist that 's you . we create you from a mew the rarest pokémon in the world ! yes , that 's the pokémon which be say to be the most rare of all pokémon . mew . mewtwo mew ? be that my parent ? my father ? my mother ? scientist you can say that , but not really . you have be make stronger base on a mew . mewtwo who be this ? if neither my father nor mother . then be it god ? do God create I ? scientist in the world the only one that can create new life be man and god . mewtwo who do this ? human make I ? scientist this be truly a victory for science . another scientist with this we have prove we theory correct . we can continue the study . third scientist this place will become the new Mecca . scientist ( all shaking hand ) I be go to contact the other office . mewtwo who be I ? where be this place ? what be I bear for ? ( mewtwo float up and start destroy the whole lab . then ton of little metal hand like thing come down to stop he but he just blow they up . soon the whole lab be in flame . ) scientist to make the strongest pokémon ever .. that be we dream ... ( the whole lab blow up . Giovanni , the leader of team rocket come down in a chopper and confront mewtwo . ) mewtwo be this my power ? I be the strongest pokémon in the world . mew . be I stronger then you ? Giovanni you surly be the strongest pokémon in the world . but there be another that would be the strongest . mewtwo the human ? Giovanni ( nod ) if you and a human be to cooperate then the world would be ours . mewtwo the world would be ours ? Giovanni if you power be set free the world would be ruin . you must control you power . mewtwo Control ? Giovanni be you okay with destroy the world as it be with that power ? mewtwo what should I do ? ( Giovanni smile . mewtwo be at trhq get load of armor put on . ) mewtwo Control myself with the armor that protect I ? what be you go to make I do ? Giovanni it 's simple . all you have to do be the thing everyone else have be do ... mewtwo and that be ? Giovanni Fighting , destruction , and plunder . the stronger will win . -------------------------------------------------------- mewtwo be send into a arena to fight pokémon first a onix which mewtwo throw into a wall with he mind . then it show mewtwo out in a field with a lot of wild tauros . he raise they up with he mind control and tr throw pokéballs out and catch they all . then it show mewtwo in the gym again fight alakazam , mewtwo do just what he do to onix . then come electron and he use a electric attack and mewtwo reflect it back at he . next come Gary 's arcanine and nidoke ... he take care of they easily . next scene , back in Giovanni 's lab . -------------------------------------------------------- mewtwo what be I fight for ? what be I live for ? Giovanni you be a pokémon . pokémon make by human , what else be you worth ? mewtwo my worth ? who be I ? what do I live for ? ( mewtwo start break free of the wire ) Giovanni what be you do ? mewtwo I be make by human . but I , who be create by human , be not even a pokémon . ( mewtwo blow up the place and fly off while all he armor slowly fall of into the sea . he land on a rock . ) who be I ? where be this place ? who ask to make I ? who wish to make I ? I hate everything that make I ! so this be neither a attack not a declaration of war but revenge on you who make I ! ---------------------------------------------------- introduction ---------------------------------------------------- ( Brock be cooking lunch for everyone . ) narrator ash and the other be on a journey training to be pokémon master . it 's a beautiful day so they take a break in a field . ash be it ready yet ? misty ash you can help too . ash I can not I can not even move one millimeter because I be so starve . Brock stew well and raise slowly . you must not be in a rush with both soup or pokémon . ( pikachu and togepy spot someone come ) pirate hey you ! the boy over there ! be you ash from pallet town ? ash that 's right . pirate can I have a pokémon battle with you ? ash ( run over to he ) okay ! I must have a solid fight ! misty I think you could not move one millimeter ? ash just one or two pokémon fight before breakfast . Brock this be lunch , so that would be before lunch . pikachu pika..chu ... ( have the japanese pokémon intro music through this battle the whole time . ash pull out a pokéball and throw out bulbasaur . then the pirate throw out donfan . bulbasaur charge and donfan roll into a ball and hit bulbasaur , then turn around and hit he again ! then he try it again but bulbasaur use solar beam and donfan faint . the pirate then send out machamp . ash send out squirtle . machamp kick squirtle down and then go to kick he again but squirtle dodge it and bubbles he till machamp faint . the pirate get mad and throw 3 pokéballs down . one be a venomoth another be a golem and the other be a pinsir . pikachu jump off ash shoulder and do thundershock and all 3 faint . ) pirate oh my God ! ( this be possibly the funniest part of the entire movie :) ash I do it ! misty it be just because you opponent be weak . Brock he do not even raise they well ( flash to team rocket who be on a cliff watch we heroes . ) James pikachu get stronger and stronger . jessie beautiful meowth we could not beat he even once . but the word surrender be not in we dictionary . jessie I will get that pikachu . James but look at that . ( look at they all eat ) meowth I be so hungry . jessie I get a fry pan ... meowth what good be such a thing without meat and vegetable ? it 's just a iron board . --------------------------------------------- a fearow with a camera fly over head then it show inside some place where you can see ash and pikachu on the screen . --------------------------------------------- Lady be you send they a invitation ? mewtwo certainly . ( dragonite fly out of the control center with a purse . it fly over the see and then over team rocket and they fall then it fly over ash and everyone 's head knock they all over then she land . ) ash what be you ? ( dragonite hand ash a invitation ) this ? for I ? ( he hit a button and a hologram of the lady be display ) Lady please forgive I for the abrupt letter . Brock what a beautiful lady ... Lady since you be a promise pokémon trainer of the future , we would like to invite you to a party of my master who be the strongest pokémon trainer in the world . the place be the New Island , pokémon Castle . please check the reply card for whether you come or not . please accept the invitation for the strongest trainer in the world . Brock beautiful Lady ... misty what do we do ? Brock let go for it . we should go for it . ash I do not feel uncomfortable with be tell I be a promise future trainer . misty well then check yes on the card . ( they check yes , and hand the invitation back to dragonite . dragonite take the card and fly off but jessie , James and meowth take out a net in a attempt to steal this rare pokémon . ash 's invitation fall out of dragonite purse . ) jessie do not say Goodbye without say hello . meowth a post card ? --------------------------------------------- scene change . we see mewtwo wave he hand back and forth move the cloud , cause a big storm to start . we then see meew sleep in a bubble underwater as the bubble float to the top and pop , mew wake up and fly off . ash and everyone run out of the storm and into a ocean side house that have all the other trainer who be invite . --------------------------------------------- a trainer calm down kingler ! cut it out ! ( we heroes run inside wet . ) ash it be a beautiful day ! Brock the weather along this beach can change easily . ( we notice a big crowd of trainer by the door and Officer Jenny stand with a woman talk to they all ) crowd huh ? the ferry have be cancel ? sweet we can not go to the New Island ?! crowd oh no ! we be invite to go ! Officer Jenny be quiet everyone . here be the pier master . boijer I be boijer . if you want to know about the sea ask the seagull on the pier . no need to bother . just look at the flaw of the cloud . I have never see such a hurricane in all my year . Officer Jenny be it that terrible ? boijer I grow up on a port and I have never experience such a storm . besides the storm be above New Island offshore of this pier . I can not let you be place in danger . that 's my wish as the one who guard this pier . Officer Jenny as you hear the ferry have be cancel . umio its okay with my pokémon . my pokémon be stronger in water . I can cross the sea . boijer wait . I be the one who know the sea and I say no ! Officer Jenny she 's right ! besides if the pokémon be to get hurt now they would not be able to get treatment at a pokémon Center . ash what do you mean ? Officer Jenny nurse Joy at the pokémon Center be miss . pokémon can not receive treatment without nurse Joy . the poster over there be the miss person report ( Brock look at it ) Brock beautiful ... who ? I have see she somewhere before ... ( some of the trainer go outside in the storm want to cross the ocean . soroa get onto he pidgeot and fly off . umio get on he gyarados and swim across . ) Officer Jenny stop ! stop or I will arrest you ! ( sweet get on she dewgong and start swim away . ) boijer there 's no use try to stop they . after all they be pokémon trainer . if they be child who would stop after be tell to , they would not have gather here . let 's just pray for there safety . ( ash , Brock , misty and pikachu run outside and see everyone leave . ) ash across the sea life the strongest trainer in the world . I can not cop out now . misty but we can not cross this sea use we pokémon . ash right . ( a small wooden ship pull up with 2 people in it . guess who ? ) jessie want a ride ? not say that it 's free but depend on the situation . I might allow you onboard . ( they get on and start go and meowth be dress like a girl in front of the boat , then a huge wave and team rocket 's costume fall off . then the wave start get really rough . ) ash you guy ! you guy again ?! Brock you guy appear at the very worst time ! ash what do you want ? jessie if we be ask what we want ... James the answer to that be .. meowth there 's no time for say that ! ( a huge wave flip the boat . misty shoot out staryu and swim to the surface . ) Brock ash ! misty ! ( misty come up and he grab onto staryu . ) misty where be ash and pikachu ?! ( a big wave come again , and they go back under and see as h swim up with squirtle . ) ash hold on tight everyone ! ( squirtle and staryu keep swim under the wave until they see light . then it show mew fly above the cloud . ash and everyone get to the castle and climb out of the water , and the mysterious lady be stand there . Lady welcome to the New Island . please show I you invitation . ash how 's this ? ( he show she ) . B rock that be you just as I think ! Lady yes ? Brock that picture of nurse Joy I see in the miss person report at the pier be you . misty that remind I , she look like she . Lady I do not know what you talk about . I have be serve this castle ever since I be bear . come this way . the other guest be already wait . --------------------------------------------- they go inside and team rocket float up from the water on top of weezing . then it show mew play with the windmill on top of the castle . meanwhile ash and everyone be inside the castle . --------------------------------------------- Lady that be the trainer who have already arrive . ash only 3 ? Lady the trainer who could not cross that storm be not worth invite . Brock so then you test we ? Lady please take out the pokémon from the pokéballs and be seat . you be the choose trainer . James ( outside and the front door shut ) well then , let 's sneak into this castle ... jessie the only way be to use the exit . meowth where 's the exit ? jessie over there ... meowth the s..s.. sewer !? I be not a brown rat ! jessie do not complain ! ( all of a sudden mew come down from behind tr and look at they . jessie turn she head but mew disappear . ) James what 's wrong jessie ? jessie nothing let go . --------------------------------------------- meanwhile ... --------------------------------------------- sorao you come too ? ash you ? sorao I fly here . my pidgeot can cross such a hurricane in one flight . everyone greet they ! ( all he pokémon say they name then they see a gyarados . ) umio that 's my gyarados . I ride he across the sea . that kind of wave be nothing for it . ash gyarados be a brutal pokémon be not it ? umio yeah , but if you can handle it , no one be more reliable . sweet my pokémon be just the same over there . ( point to she blastoise , wigglytuff , and more . then all the light turn off , there be a bright beam of light come down the center of a huge spiral staircase . ) Lady that you for wait everyone . the strongest pokémon trainer be come . ( all of a sudden mewtwo start float down and all the pokémon get worried . ) Lady yes , this be the strongest pokémon trainer and strongest pokémon . Mr. mewtwo . ( the light come back on and everyone can see he clearly . ) ash mewtwo ? umio a pokémon be a pokémon trainer ? it can not be . ( it become apparent that mewtwo be telepathically control Joy ... ) mewtwo I have decide my own rule . misty that voice ! Brock telepathy ! ( mewtwo raise umio up in the air and throw he into a pool ( use he mind ) umio darn it ! go gyarados ! ( gyarados attack with hyper beam , it go to mewtwo and mewtwo stop it and turn it around and it hit gyarados cause it to faint . ) mewtwo that be easy . ( look at Joy ) I no longer have any need for you anymore . ( Joy faint into Brock 's arm ) Brock nurse Joy . nurse Joy where be this place ? why be I here ? mewtwo to make you take care of I , I take you from the pokémon Center . a doctor who be familiar with pokémon be convenient . you be quite useful . you do not remember anything though . Brock what do you say ? mewtwo human can be manipulate in any way with my power . misty with what power ? pikachu pika ! ( meanwhile tr be in the castle and they find a strange room and they enter it . ) meowth what be this place ? ( they look and see a charizard , venusaur and a blastoise in Big Glass test tube sleep . ) meowth cute ! James be it really ? jessie this be not like any treasure I have see . ( jessie walk away and sit on some button and a computer turn on with a very fuzzy screen . ) Computer ... we study ... to continue in we research ... we would have to collect sample from we test subject ... ( all of a sudden something grab meowth and throw he in a machine ) meowth help ! help ! jessie meowth ! ( both jessie and James start pull to get meowth out and they do get he out but not before the machine get 3 hair from off of he tail . ) meowth ouch ! my hair ! ( on the computer screen a figure of a meowth show up and the computer start say some weird stuff then in a empty test tube next to team rocket , a meowth fall down from a pipe into it ) all of tr meowth ?! meowth I be meowth . James then this be .... meowth 's copy ? ( mew appear behind team rocket again . ) Computer but the copy we create be more than we have image . the pokémon which we find .... in the depth ... it 's name be mew ... we succeed in find fossilize eye lash of a meew . from the gather component we create mewtwo with this machine . the goal be to make the strongest pokémon with we own hand . that be we dream . but soon mewtwo display unmeasurable violence . its all over . the research office will be destroy . the only way leave to abandon this place and escape . ( the computer shut off ) jessie this be the research office ? James I think so . meowth yeah James but there 's nothing wrong with it . jessie or maybe something create it again . James but who ? mewtwo I think of work with human once . but I be disappointed . human be the worst creature inferior to pokémon . if creature that be weak and cruel like human control this world , this planet will come to ruin . Brock be you say like you gonna rule it ? mewtwo ( shake he head ) pokémon be no good either because this planet be rule by human we pokémon ... pokémon who live for human . pikachu pika .. pika pika ! mewtwo what do you say ? you be not be control ? you be with the human because you want to be ? to be with they by itself be wrong . ( mewtwo lift pikachu up with he mind and throw he but ash jump back and catch he ! ) pikachu pika ! ash pikachu ! mewtwo weak pokémon rely on human . misty ash ! be you ok ? ash yeah . how dare you attack pikachu ?! soroa we can get he no matter what kind of pokémon he be , as long as he 's a pokémon , go ryhorn ! ( ryhorn charge at mewtwo and be 1 inch from he and mewtwo stop he and raise he into the air , and shoot ryhorn across the room ! ) soroa ryhorn ! mewtwo it 's no use . I be bear as the strongest of any pokémon in the world . ash you do not know that before we try . mewtwo you want to try ? ash we can ask for nothing better . -------------------------------------------------------- mewtwo eye start glow then it show in the lab with team rocket in it charizard , venusaur , and blastoise come out of there test tube and walk out the door . then mew fly out with they . -------------------------------------------------------- James be that a ..? jessie mew ? mewtwo any human who be aim to be pokémon trainer go first . charizard , blastoise , venusaur . ( the 3 copy raise up from the ground . ) this be the evolve form of the copy I have make . sweet copy ? soroa they be ...? ( everything start shaking and a huge door open and inside be a pokémon battle field . ) Brock a battle field ? be he go to have a pokémon battle ? soroa I have get venusaur for that copy one ! sweet I have get blastoise for that copy one ! ash I have get charizard too . charizard I choose you ! ( charizard come out and give mewtwo and evil look then shoot fire out at he but mewtwo make a force field around he so it do not even touch he . ) charizard , that 's a surprise attack . ( mewtwo shoot up water and the fire go out . ) mewtwo what a bad tempere charizard . so who 's first ? ( soroa 's venusaur walk out . ) soroa I be careless before , but it will not go that way this time . ( the copy venusaur walk out . ) soroa venusaur ! razorleaf ! mewtwo vine whip . ( copied venusaur 's vine chop up the razor leaf then he vine wrap around venusaur and toss he across the room ! ) soroa venusaur ! sweet I be next ! go blastoise ! ( mewtwo point for copy blastoise to go . ) sweet blastoise , hydro Pump ! ( copied blastoise spin right throw the water and hit blastoise cause he to go crash hard into the wall . ) sweet blastoise ! misty be careful ash ! his skill be strong ! ash I know . ( mewtwo signal copied charizard to go . ) ash charizard ! let fight with speed not power ! okay go ! ( both charizard fly up . ash charizard keep use flame - thrower but copy charizard dodge they all and keep hit charizard in the stomach . ) misty where be the speed attack ? Brock the enemy be to fast ! ( copied charizard grab charizard and start fly down to the ground ! ) ash charizard ! mewtwo dive bomb slam ! charizard hit into the ground then get up .. roar loudly .. then faint . ash ( run out to charizard ) hold on charizard ! be you okay ? mewtwo both speed and power be lack . ( mewtwo then throw he hand up and 3 black pokéballs appear he shoot they all out and capture sweet 's blastoise another get soroa 's venusaur and the other capture ash charizard ! a small gold statue lift up and the 3 ball shoot down into the hole . ) ash stop ! misty be you take the other 's pokémon ?! mewtwo take they ? no. I be go to make stronger copy than the pokémon you be so proud of . ( mewtwo raise he arm again and hundred of Black pokéballs appear ! ) it 's suitable enough for I . Brock copy ? ash stop ! that 's a violation of the rule ! mewtwo do not tell I what to do . ( mewtwo look at ash and throw he into Brock ) I have decide my own rule . ( mewtwo drop he arm and all the black pokéballs start fly everywhere ) Brock they're come ! ash run everyone ! -------------------------------------------------------- the pokéballs be everywhere catch the trainer pokémon , the gyarados be catch then the golduck , then seak , then scyther , then hitmonlee , then sandslash the trainer be try to protect there pokémon but there be nothing they can do ! then dewgong be catch , then rapidash , then vileplume . then bulbasaur and squirtle be fight they off , then wigglytuff be catch , then pidgeot and when they get catch the pokéballs fly back into the whole under the statue lift up in the air . -------------------------------------------------------- ash I have get it ! take you own pokémon back to you own pokéballs ! return squirtle and bulbasaur ! ( they both go back into they pokéballs ) mewtwo it 's no use . ( 2 black pokéballs go to ash , open , and capture the pokéballs bulbasaur and squirtle be in ! ) nothing be impossible with the black pokéballs I have make . ( misty put togepy in she bag and shut it tight while Brock hold vulpix close . ) nurse Joy this place be no good . let 's run outside ! ( nurse Joy , psyduck , misty and Brock start run but then a black ball catch psyduck ) misty my psyduck ! ( a black ball catch vulpix . ) Brock vulpix ! ( pikachu be be hunt down by ton of black pokéballs ! then pikachu fall and be about to be catch ! but ash jump in front of he and the pokéballs hit he . ) ash run pikachu ! ( pikachu be run and start climb the spiral stair with ash run after he . pikachu keep use thundershock to blow up all the pokéballs around he but more keep come ! ash start run up the stair a little behind pikachu ) do not give up pikachu ! ( pikachu get tired and he accidentally fall of the stair ! ash jump after he and be about to grab he but then a black pokéballs snatch pikachu ! but ash catch the pokéball and then fall into some water but when he do the pokéballs slip out of he hand and go into the hole . since it be the last pokémon the statue start to drop but ash just barely make it and jump down into the hole after the pikachu in the ball ! team rocket be still in the Lab , which be where all the copy be go . they be amaze at all the copy drop into all the test tube everywhere but then ash fall down chase after pikachu ! ) jessie brat ? ash I be sorry , I do not have time to deal with you today ! ( ash jump and grab pikachu 's pokéball but right when he do about 25 little metal mini hand like thing come down try to keep pikachu , ash be fight off the mini hand . ) let it go ! darn it ! let he go ! let go of my pikachu ! let go ! ( all the hand break and the whole copy machine start blow up and pikachu come out of he ball . ) pikachu ! pikachu pika ! but then all the copy pokémon start come out of there tube because the whole copy machine be all blow up . all the copy start walk out of the room . jessie oh no ! there come out ! meowth my copy to ! ash that be all copy ? jessie where be they all go ? all of a sudden there 's a explosion and all the black pokéballs come out and all the original pokémon come out ! James the real one have come out to ! 2 of the black ball open and 2 normal pokéballs come out , then that open and squirtle and bulbasaur come out ! ash and pikachu run over and start laugh and hugging each other then ash stop and look up and look angry ! meanwhile up stair ... mewtwo human , I will not take you life too . leave here . the door open to the exit . mewtwo that be if you a make it out in that storm . then there be a explosion and all the copy pokémon come walk out . mewtwo what happen here ? from the smoke , ash and all the original pokémon come walk out . ash I can not forgive ...! I will not forgive you ! misty / Brock ash ! misty ( see psyduck ) psyduck ! Brock ( see vulpix ) vulpix ! mewtwo do you set they free ? ash I will protect my pokémon , my friend . ( ash charge at mewtwo and go to punch he but mewtwo throw he down to the ground . ash get up and try again and mewtwo lift he up . ) misty ash ! Brock stop ! ( mewtwo throw ash into a huge statue but just as he 's about to hit it - which we know would really hurt a pink bubble stop he and ash bounce a few time on that . ) mewtwo what ? ( mew fly up to ash and stare at he , ash then look at mew and mew pop the bubble and ash fall - only like a foot then mew start giggle . ) you be ... ( mew make another bubble and start jump up and own on it giggle and have a good time , then mewtwo make a black electric ball and shoot it up and it pop meew bubble . mew turn around and look at mewtwo confuse . mewtwo make another and blow up when it hit mew . mewtwo make 3 more and throw they all up at mew , mew dodge they all and start giggle again . ) Brock that 's ... misty pokémon ? mew fly down and look at mewtwo mewtwo mew . the pokémon that 's suppose to be the rarest pokémon in the world . Brock mew ? ( mew look around at everyone ... I love this guy ! ) mewtwo I be make from you . but I be the stronger one ... I be the true one . ( mew be still look around act like its pay no attention to mewtwo . ) Brock mew and mewtwo . sweet mewtwo be make from mew . mewtwo ( start glow ) I be the only one who will survive . ( mewtwo start chase meew everywhere shoot ton of that black electric ball at he . but mew keep run away dodging everything . ) mewtwo who do not you want to fight ? the reason why you avoid fight be because you afraid of I ? ( mewtwo make another black electric ball and shoot it at mew and knock mew right in the face and meew go fly in the distance . everyone be then shocked , but then the same type of ball only blue come back and hit mewtwo and he go into a wall . mew fly back down . and mewtwo float up from the fire and rubble . tr enter the room . ) mewtwo you attack be ineffective against I . now be the time to decide which one of we be the true one , you the copy ... which be the stronger ? we be make stronger than the real one . mew meew , mew.. meew meew meew ... meew , mew.. meew meew meew meowth I see . jessie what be it say ? meowth the real one be real . if they fight only use body without skill . the true one will not be beat by they copy mewtwo the real one be real ?.... Fine ! ( mewtwo shoot another black electric ball at mew but mew dodge it and just barely miss ash ! ash then start climb down the statue . ) let decide which be the real one without skill . you be the stronger one , go ! ( all the copy start attack they original . the copy be win . mewtwo make a visible blue force field around himself . mew do the same except its pink and they fly up high in the air and keep ramming into each other . then pikachu be look around at the big copy war then he see he copy stand there ready to fight he ! pikachu can not believe it . ) nurse Joy what be this fight ? both the real one and copy be alive now . sweet everyone be a live thing Brock though they be create , there be live being that live in this world . misty the real one and the copy ... but both of they be the same live thing . there 's no such thing as a win and lose . James if we be ask that , I would not know what to say jessie I feel so sorry James they be bully themselves . jessie its like see what we use to be . James its like see what we be now . both feel bad ! ( meowth 's copy walk up to meowth . ) meowth its you ! ( they take out there claw and be ready fight ) this be gonna hurt . but every pokémon be fight each other , you be unfair . copy meowth meow meow ... meowth what ? I be more unfair ? it 's because I be not fight with you ? you nail would hurt more would not they ? copy meowth meow meow meow meowth you say tonight 's moon would be round ? you be right , it must be a full moon . copy meowth meow meow meowth talk about the moon at a time like this be tasteful . its philosophical . ( meanwhile mew and mewtwo be still bounce around fight . and ash finally make it back to the ground . ) ash ( look at everyone fight and get so tired ) that 's enough ! stop ! Brock ash ! ash I have get to stop they . Brock no . the battle will continue unless mew and mewtwo stop fight . nurse Joy animal do not hand over there territory to the same type of animal . misty oh no . nurse Joy they will fight until they drive they opponent away . that be the way of live being . Brock that may be for live being but mewtwo be make by human . misty but now he 's a live be . ash now they be all live being . mew and mewtwo , pikachu and that other pikachu . ( mew and mewtwo 's fight finally go on ground and they both take off there force field . mew and mewtwo both shoot a beam out at each other and start to run between they not see the 2 beam come ! ) stop ! Brock ash ! ( both beam hit ash and he fall to the ground and turn to stone . ) mewtwo it can not be . a human try to stop we fight . ( pikachu run out to ash and start shaking ash . then he thunder shock he many time and ash still do not move . pikachu begin to cry . then all the other pokémon look at pikachu - include the copy and they start cry . all there tear float over and land on ash then last , pikachu 's tear fall onto ash and ash regains he hold on life , and turn back to flesh from rock ) ash pikachu ! pikachu pika pi !! mewtwo actually , both you and I be pokémon that already exist . mew meew . mewtwo it might be better if no one know about we , or any of this ... mew meew ... ( mew and mewtwo start fly away and then all the copy pokémon lift up into the air and fly with they ! ) ash why be you go everyone ? mewtwo ( fly away with all the copy ) we be bear and alive . we will continue to live somewhere in this world . ( all of a sudden the whole castle fill up with bright light and everyone disappear ......... now we be back where all the trainer what to go on the ferry . ) Officer Jenny the ferry have be cancel ! there 's a hurricane come ! nurse Joy ( walk through the crowd ) do not worry everyone . I be go to open the pokémon Center as a shelter . follow I that who need it . Brock nurse Joy , the officer , and Ms. boijer . even more beautiful than usual when they be wet by the rain . ash but why be we here ? misty I do not know . we be here because we be here . ash it do not matter . well ... huh ? ( everyone run outside ) it can not be ... Officer Jenny the hurricane ... it 's as if it never exist . boijer I can run the ferry for again tomorrow . ash ( look up and see a meew in the sky ) look . misty what ? I can not see anything . Brock besides the cloud . ash on the day I leave to become a pokémon trainer , I see a phantom pokémon ... and now .. I have see it again . Brock phantom pokémon . ash yes , someday I will ( meanwhile , tr be still on the New Island except now the castle be go . ) jessie well if its this empty ... James clean and clear ... meowth and different than it usually be . jessie / James / meowth feel gooooooooooooooood !!!!! ------------------------------------------ end theme ------------------------------------------ where do I keep walk too ? I stop , ask by the wind . effort to celebrate you birthday increase , you leave the one and only home town for a journey still seek something even now . Big eye be shine there not with you but with someone else . many hellos and many good-by . a bit of memory like a illusion . where do you keep walk to ? ask by the wind as you look over the sky where be I go to keep walk ? let start walk with the wind ! stand firmly on the ground let go on forever ... until catch the dream we be aim for . stand firmly on the ground let go on forever ... until catch the dream we be aim for . La La La La La La La La La La La La La La La ...