poltergeist Story by Steven speilberg screenplay by Steven speilberg ist draft amblin entertainment " for educational purpose only " fade in : int . live room - night 1 extreme close - up - television screen the National anthem resound over the precision maneuver of the navy 's Blue angel . when Old glory fill the frame the local announcer identify the station , signifies the megahertz and sign off for the morning . transmission end and a blast of disturbing static rule the airwave . it be 2:30 be on a Sunday morning . camera slowly withdraws the tv set appear . a fireplace be off to the right , trophy of outstanding achievement in annual home sale on the mantel ; steven freeling asleep in he convertible chair , a open briefcase on he lap , real estate map and lease contract spread out on the floor by he stock foot . camera continue to withdraw until we be move out of the live room of this suburban two -story home and up the stair . int . upstair hallway - master bedroom - night 2 camera move along the hallway , past the guest bath and over to a partially open door . we explore this room , if only for a instant , to catch diane freeling , 32 , toss in she sleep , a tangle of hair cover she face . int . dana 's bedroom - night 3 camera move away and slither into another bedroom . diana freeling be sixteen , very beautiful , and snore unevenly . she be surround by potato chip and homework . int . child 's bedroom - night 4 the SOUND of television static leak as the camera move into the last bedroom . robbie freeling be just a seven - year - old lump under the cover . with the sheet tuck around he , he look like a ghost and where he head should be there be a dodger baseball cap . the closet light be on and the closet open only a crack to let in the safe night light as we pass beyond Robbie to carol anne freeling . the static sound from the 0.s. tv seem to arouse this pert six - year - old froma sound and regular sleep . her eye snap open . she listen flick some sleep from she eye , and rise out of bed . camera track ahead of her as if draw she outside the safety of she bedroom and roommate brother . int . live room - night 5 the static crackle louder and a blue glow dawns across Carol Anne . she could be sleepwalk . her eye be rivete and she breathe quicken . the static boom now and Carol Anne stop at the tv set in front of she sleep dad . she stare into the white snow , try to see beyond the color dot . Carol Anne open she mouth until we be certain she be go to scream . then carol anne hello ! Hell -ooo ! what do you want hello ! who be you ! Hell -ooooo ! angle - steven freeling his eye open . int . master bedroom - night 6 Diane start and sit up quickly . carol anne ( 0.s. ) who be you !! hey ! int . dana 's bedroom - night 7 she be already swinging she leg out of bed and move into the hallway . carol anne ( 0.s. ) I can not hear you ! int . child 's bedroom - night 8 Robbie look over to see Carol Anne 's bed empty . int . live room - high angle - night 9 the entire family gather and watch they youngest child yell through the static at 2:35 in the morning . carol anne what do you look like ! hello ! can I see you ? 10 10 - a 14 12 ext . cuesta verde estate overlook - day 10 anyone outside of Manhattan be familiar with this set . Sunday in suburbia . a neighbor mow he lawn , another wash he car , and a group of kid play soccer in the street . the middle America World War ii buy and pay for . ext . freeling front yard 10 - a then ; a irregular glitch to this set . a man , jeff shaw , be run as furiously as he jelly - bowl paunch will allow . in he arm , a large brown shopping bag . barely avoid a collision with the paper boy , he cut across the lawn , jiggling the lettering . he crash into the front door , find it lock . he turn and run around back , just as Steve open the front door . int . freeling kitchen - day 11 Shaw blast past dana , dress in a terrycloth robe . she be eat potato salad right out of the bowl in front of the refrigerator . dana Jesus H. Christ ! int . live room - day 12 Shaw almost lose he foot turn into this room . his breath explode in wheeze puff . he fall into a chair next to Steve freeling and five other male neighbor who tear into the brown shopping bag , surfacing with michelob lite . shaw what have I miss !? steven haden fumble ! arnie sacked ! ! SAM oakland 's bring out bahr . shaw Three more ! Jesus ! I be ahead on point , now I be push . 13 14 15 steven shhhhhhhh ! ! int . child 's bedroom - day 13 Diane be straighten thing in here when she notice something that cause she to sadly catch she breath . she walk forward to the bird cage slowly let it out . Carol Anne 's yellow canary be foot up on the bottom of the cage . diane oh tweety , could not you wait for a school day ? ext . freeling 's back yard - day 14 Robbie be next to a tall , misshapen oak tree that have grow bent forward , a little too close to the house . Robbie be march in circle around the tree , act brave . he start to climb . int . live room - day 15 the Sunday football crowd be on its foot . haden have the ball again and the pass be a '' bomb '' . steven look at that fuckin’ dennard run . shaw lester haye . fuckin 's haye be there !! he 's there ! he 's ... the channel change all by itself to mister Rogers . steven ( yell at the wall ) tuthill - -! you asshole ! arnie turn it back ! Christ ! steven sorry guy . when my neighbor use he remote ... he 's on my same frequency . Steve turn it back to football . a second later , '' Mr. rodger '' be sing . Steve walk over to the wall , and point he remote control and fire ! 16 17 18 19 from the other side of the wall come a muffle roar .. the voice of BEN tuthill . tuthill ( 0.s. ) do not start , freeling ! ext . sliding door / freeling house - day 16 Steve open the slide glass door and yell over the fence . tuthill , a robust man in a tank top and sunglass , yell out he window , the remote control brandish in Steve 's direction . steven we get a game go on over here ! tuthill the kid wanna watch Mr. rodger ! steven I do not care what you be watch , as long as you show a little mercy with that thing ! tuthill ( close he window hard ) move you set ! steven move yours ! tuthill click at Steve through he window . int . live room - day 17 Steve 's channel change and the gather scream again . ext . sliding door - day 18 Steve fire he remote at the tuthill and a muffle '' goddammit ! '' be hear . int . hallway to bathroom - day 19 Diane have tweety by he little claw foot at arm length . with a sour grimace she move into the bathroom and raise the toilet seat , aim tweety and ... Carol Anne step into the doorway catch she Mom red-hand . 20 20 - a 21 carol anne tweety --!! diane ( barely audible ) oh shit . ext . freeling 's back yard - day 20 with he own bedroom window face he , Robbie climb among the twisted branch , then look at the neighborhood and the sky beyond . ext . - p.o.v. of sky - day 20 - a Storm cloud be gather in the distance . int . kitchen - day 21 close shot - cigar BOX Diane place little tweety into the cigar box . she start to close the lid . carol anne tweety do not like that smell . diane sweetheart , tweety can not smell a thing . carol anne ( give order ) put a flower with he . Diane smile at this think and take a red rise from the vase on the windowsill . Carol Anne pull into she pocket and take out some red licorice . she bite off the end , spit it out into she hand and place the wet piece inside the cigar box . carol anne for when he 's hungry . she place a Polaroid snapshot of herself and Robbie . carol anne for when he 's lonely . she cover he with a napkin . 22 carol anne for when it 's nighttime . Carol Anne start to cry as she close the lid . Diane look on . she really love this kid . ext . freeling 's back yard - day 22 Diane have dig a hole in the dirt . Robbie and dana watch as Carol Anne place the cigar box into the earth . dana be eat celery and Diane throw she a '' you be chew too loud '' look . Robbie , from up in the tree , watch fascinate as Diane and Carol Anne refill the hole . in the background the football game be wind up with loud interlude between the time - out of the final quarter carol anne now I lay I down to sleep , I pray the Lord my soul to keep ... dana ( roll she eye ) brother ... diane ( to dana ) stifle it ! carol anne if I should die before I wake ... dana ( a defiant whisper ) it do . carol anne I pray the Lord my soul to take . diane that be lovely , honey . robbie ( stare at the freshly dig earth , call down from the tree ) Mom , when it rot can we dig it up and see the bone ? diane Robbie ! ! 23 23- a carol anne ( brighten - - a new topic ) can I get a goldfish now ?! int . child 's bedroom - night 23 close up - goldfish BOWL Carol Anne stare wondrously as two brand new goldfish nibble hertz Mountain from the surface . Robbie sit on he bed in he pj 's read a popeye comic . distant thunder can be hear as Robbie look over at he window . robbie 's Pov a weak flash of lightning outline the tree he be play in earlier . it be not merely the overactive imagination of a nine - year - old that make this tree scary to we . the twisted branch that seem to suggest arm and the split trunk that appear to suggest horn be all too real even at first glance . close - robbie he do not want to look . he do not want to scare himself . but he do . diane enter 0o.s. 23 - a diane ( 0.s . ) honey , you be overfeed they . carol anne tweety -two and tweety - three want second . robbie Mom , there 's a big storm head this way . diane you x11 be asleep by the time it get here ... if you hurry . light out ! the kid dive for the cover . Diane turn out the light . the room be overwhelm by darkness . Carol Anne speak up first 24 carol anne ( rapidly ) closet light ! closet light diane my fault . my fault . Diane turn on the light in they closet and crack open the door . Carol Anne relax and wave good - night to she fish . Robbie look over at the rock chair by the bureau . sitting straight up be clown doll . it be almost the size of Robbie . its stare be devilish and its smile be just a little too broad for comedy . Robbie get up and without look at the doll , throw a plaid shirt over its head . he climb back into bed , outline by a blue flash from the window . int . master bedroom - night 24 close on dutch master cigar BOX two hand lift it from the shadow and into the light . the lid start to open and just as we expect to see tweety - one we see the '' stash '' instead . Steve remove a lid of grass and some zigzag papers and start to roll a joint . on the tv be a old mgm movie . Diane be read Carl jung 's man and he symbol . Steve pick up a brochure on pool equipment and diving board . diane ( take a hit ) sleepwalk . sleepwalk . nocturnal somnambulism . * I x11 betcha it 's genetic . Carol Anne all last week and then last night . I when I be ten . I once walk four block and fall asleep in the back seat of this man 's car . he go all the way to work before discover I . God . I start scream ... people run over . the police come . they take the guy downtown . my father have I examine for bruise hickey , I do not know . oh shit , Steven ! if we dig the pool and Carol Anne fall in before there 's any water ... Steven ... be you listen ? 10 . Steven take the joint back from Diane and pull it down halfway in one breath -- hold the hit steven ( he talk like Dennis Hopper ) ever go off a three meter board ? diane what 's three meter ? steven about ten foot . diane honey , why do not we just build the pool closer to the house and let he kid jump off the roof ? ct steven see , it 's like a air pocket . from three meter you be free-falling . you can maybe squeeze in a half - gainer , jackknife into a swan twist back , tuck , splash . diane splat !! steven spashhh . diane splurg . steven honey , we can afford it . diane we do not really need it . steven it 's great for business . we build the first house . we install the first pool . look around we . by summer ( in bass baritone ) '' the hill be alive with the smell of chlorine '' . diane yeah and , we pool will be alive with a thousand guest . 25 11 . steven I be the wind and you be the feather ! *** rest of scene missing *** int . child 's bedroom - night 25 Steven flop Robbie onto he pillow just as a flash light the room and the tree outside the window . Carol Anne lie awake , watch . robbie I do not like the tree , dad . steven it 's a old tree . it be here for a long time . Long before my company build this neighborhood . robbie I do not like its arm . it know I live here , do not it ? steven ( not aware this scare Robbie ) it know everything about we . that 's why I build we home next to it . so it could protect you and Carol Anne , dana , you mom and I . it 's a wise old tree . robbie it look at I . it know I live here . Robbie be visibly frighten now and Steven realize he 's scared he . just then a tremor of thunder roll through the bedroom and Robbie snuggle up to he dad . steven Storm 's gonna miss we . robbie how do you know ? steven because I can count . then more thunder . Robbie flinch , but try to be brave . 26 12 . steven after you see the lightning , count until you hear the thunder . if you can count higher each time , that mean the storm be move away from you . a flash of lightning be see . steven now count with I . robbie / steven / carol anne one , two , three ... Thunder be heard . steven next time you will be able to count to four or more . you try it , okay ? robbie okay . Steven exit leave the door open . lightn occur . Steven wait by the partially open door and listen as Robbie count . robbie ( very worried ) one ... two ... three ... four ... five ... distant thunder be heard . Robbie be more relieved . int . hallway outside dana 's bedroom - night 26 he feel real good about himself . he knock on dana 's door . Music be heard . the door open . steven goodnight , dana . dana uh , goodnight , dad . ( a beat , then ) steven get off the phone , dana . 27 28 28- a 28- B 13 . dana ( catch ) okay , dad . int . child 's bedroom - night 27 Robbie look out the window . the tree stand there in the wind . another flash of lightning , Robbie control he fear and concentrate . robbie one , two ... crack ! boom ! a explosive jolt of thunder rock the house . the closet light go out as the tree outside the window suddenly bend forward as if look in . Robbie sit bolt upright . Carol Anne wake up scream . int . master bedroom - much later - night 28 Carol Anne and Robbie be asleep next to Diane and Steve . the tv have be leave on and the National anthem start to play ... close - family various position , asleep . slowly move in closer to the television 28 - a the pre-record voice of the station manager sign off . a beat ... transmission cease and the soft roar of dead air fill the room as the static white snow color the wall make shadow flicker and warp . it be only now that we first hear it . a SOUND intermingling with the tv hiss , like a bad connection from far , far away . a whisper . not one , but hundred of they . they say nothing . it 's a chorus , tonal and invite . close - carol anne 28 - B she turn on she side . and she eye open surreally . ever so slowly , she turn she head fully face the tv . Carol Anne smile . a smile much too sophisticated for a five - year - old child . 28-c 28-d 28-e 28-f 14 . close - tv screen 28- C the snow mix with new imagery . form . vague but luminous . always mingling . impressionistic . never hard - line . carol anne ( whisper ) come out ... come out ... the picture tube start to SNAP ! Little flash momentarily blind Carol Anne . she blink and try to see deeper . SNAP ! crack ! it 's as if flashbulb be be emitted . Steven and Diane turn fitfully but remain asleep . flash ! pop ! Robbie be close to waking . close - carol anne 28 - D smiling , on she knee now ... she reach out toward the tv screen when ... something reach back . a substance . a form , like a wispy , smoky tentacle twist forward , extending from the picture tube and snake into the freeling bedroom . transparent and cold , it give birth to itself , build upon its own energy , grow brighter as it seem to hover above Carol Anne , then tower over the family asleep in the king - size bed . close - carol anne 28 - E she must bend she neck to look all the way up at the ceiling where this cyclonic shape waltze ... study .. at the room , then Carol Anne ... a explosion from the tv set . the brightest flash yet experience . a force that expel the intruder from the set and into the room . catapult it past the family and into the wall right over the bed , where it leave a dark pencil dot stain . the entire room shake and the family be awake and panicked . the window crack , the curtain rod slip . book and memento fall from the open hutch . the medicine cabinet open and prescription medicine splatter on the tile floor . the room light flare then die . every picture topple from the wall . just as quickly as it begin , the episode cease . a hush 28 - F descend . everyone look at Carol Anne . Carol Anne look at everyone ... then intone , almost matter - of - factly . carol anne they be here . 29 30 15 . ext . freeling 's back yard - day 29 close study - four gearshift a work glove shift . close study - clutch a steel - to workboot slowly withdraw . close -study - steel - belt tread lurch forward , drip sod and wet grass . the shovel of the bulldozer touch the earth and scrape a deep swathe . camera move closer as the cigar box coffin be cruelly exhume in the ever-grow tidal wave of back yard turf . int . kitchen - day 30 Steve be on the phone , nervously smoking a cigarette as the bulldozer can be see out the window , digging the new pool . Diane be serve waffle around the breakfast table . E. buzz sit at Robbie 's foot , watch the waffle hopefully . only Carol Anne seem to have a appetite . steven ( on the phone ) I be not kid , Jeff . how could anyone sleep through a six- point - five . yes , damage . stuff 's in piece all over we bedroom . diane ( quietly to Carol Anne ) chew each bite ten time . Carol Anne exaggerate she chew ; smile with she mouth full . steven I know that ... we have have the radio on and there 's nothing about it . ( after a beat ) after the sylmar quake it be two year before real estate be on the rise . 16 . Diane be gently coax some information out of Carol Anne who mostly have she mouth full of waffle and blueberry . diane when you say , '' they be here '' last night . carol anne can I take my goldfish to school ? dana maybe the fault line run just under we house . would not that be a scream ? robbie the ceiling get crumb all over my bed . diane ( to Carol Anne ) sweetheart . do you remember last night ? do you remember when you wake up and say , '' they be here ? '' carol anne uh huh . diane who do you mean ? who 's here ? carol anne ( mouth full ) the tv people . robbie she 's stone . dana what do you know about it ? robbie more 'o you . ask dad . Robbie pick up he milk to take a sip when the bottom of the glass drop out , the milk splash back onto Robbie 's cereal bowl , overflow cereal all over the table and onto dana 's blouse in a burst , perhaps slightly strong for the small amount of spill milk dana hey --! 17. robbie ( throw up he hand ) it 's not my mess . dana ( jump up from the table ) thanks a lot , jerko - I have get class in twenty minute . robbie Mom . diane gimme that thing before you cut yourself . Carol Anne have a big drip splash of milk run down she forehead . oblivious to this she just keep eat , go over to the kitchen tv ... turn it on to the '' today show '' , then switch to a '' in between '' channel and watch the snow . steven I be outta here ! see ya early . robbie ( imitate dad ) I be outta here ! diane ( push he back ) you I can handle . robbie I get school !! diane Breakfast first . robbie ( casually ) all right , I 'il just flunk . Robbie shrug , reach for he spoon to resume eat and notice something unusual . the spoon be bent . he look around the table . every spoon be bent . shrugge it off , Robbie lift he cereal bowl and drink right out of it , two tiny trail drip off he chin , spot he school shirt . 31 32 33 18 . ext . freeling 's back yard - day 31 a big man , pugsley , thirty , bald , step out of he pool install action truck wear combat boot , a teamster T - shirt , mirrore sunglass and a baseball cap turn around backwards on he head . he motion to the bulldozer driver to '' take a gander '' . dana grab she bike and ride off . the workmen pause to stare at she . pugsley and the dozer driver share a salacious grin and the dozer driver pop he clutch rapidly , the dozer lurching suggestively several time . int . kitchen - day 32 Diane have witness this sloppy display through the open back door . choose to pass over it , she turn toward the kitchen table to clean up . E. buzz , the dog , be sit on a pull - out chair eat from everyone 's plate . Diane sigh and shoos E. buzz away . diane when you leave the table , Carol Anne ... Robbie , you push you chair in . Carol Anne be try to fine - tune the snow on television . diane aw , honey you be go to ruin you eye . this be not good for you . she turn the set to another channel where a war movie be show . Soldiers blow up and scream . int . master bedroom - day 33 Diane be clean up . Broken glass surround she . she cup she leave hand and pick narrow shard out of the shag when the growling begin . Diane turn and see ... diane 's Pov E. buzz be growl at the wall . look up at something we do not see . Diane sidestep the break vase to follow E. buzz 's eyeline right up the wall and onto the stain . close - diane she cock she head curiously . move in - the stain 34 34 - a 19 . it have grow since this morning . like a Rorschach pattern . Diane try to rub it out with a pillowcase . she slip into the bathroom and wet one corner , then return when ... Diane stop . carefully , she watch E. buzz , who have cease growl . full shot - diane and E. buzz never remove he spaniel eye from the wall , E. buzz 's tail start wag . he back a scoot away from the wall and execute and obedient '' roll - over '' . Diane herself retreat . diane ( gently ) c’mere , E. buzz . E. buzz turn , but he mind be not on Diane . he run out of the room between Diane 's leg immediately return with he chew - ball . E. buzz sidle up to the wall and set he chew - ball down , '' speak '' and execute a double roll - over . int . kitchen - day 34 Diane enter , see pugsley drink a cup of coffee from one of she China cup . diane ( at doorway , to pugsley ) okay , bluto ! gimme my cup . pugsley gee , Mrs. freeling you make great coffee . good for a second cup . pugsley break out laugh . Diane grab the cup out of he hand and drop the blind in he face . angle - kitchen table 34 - a Diane turn to find all the chair be withdraw from they intend place . she look for Carol Anne then jump halfway out of she skin . Carol Anne be right behind she , tapping she on the side . diane Jesus , do not do that . you wanna see you mommy lie in a cigar box cover in licorice ? 34 - B 35 20 . Carol Anne shake she head ... slowly . diane ( point to chair ) do you do that ? Carol Anne shake she head slowly . Diane replace the chair in they proper place and return to the sink . she open the cupboard under the sink , and bring out a bottle of 409 . she stand and turn around ... facing her be the kitchen table 34 - B the chair be stack one atop the other , reach all the way up to the ceiling . Diane jam she fist into she mouth to press back the natural reaction . Carol Anne stand below she smile up at the pyramid . diane ( a whisper to Carol Anne ) the tv people ? carol anne up there . diane ( barely audible ) do you see they ? carol anne no ... do you ? diane uh uh . int . kitchen / new , vacant home - day 35 wide angle - identical kitchen in a disconcert jump , all of the furniture , Carol Anne and Diane disappear . the basic structure of the kitchen remain exactly the same for this be a model home somewhere in cuesta Verde estate . Steve freeling walk into the empty set with a family of prospective buyer . only the wallpaper be different from the freeling residence . 21 . steven this , then , be we latest development . we call it phase four woman buyer where be you home , Mr. freeling ? steven we be the first family to set up housekeep in cuesta Verde estate . husband ( help ) phase one ! steven that 's right . actually you pass through my neighborhood to get here . woman buyer the area with that '' live in '' look . steven in a month you will not be able to distinguish phase four from phase one from phase ... well , around here grass grow greener on every side . husband yeah ... I can not tell one house from the other . steven we construction standard be very liberal . matter of fact , a neighbor of mine put a jacuzzi in he bedroom , with a run aqueduct connect it to the wading pool outside which he build half in half out of he live room . that home be feature in last month 's issue of town and country . dialogue fade with dissolve 36 ext . cuesta verde estate , phase one - dusk 36 establishing shot 37 38 22 . sparse lightning over the mountain as the storm cloud begin to roll in . the neighborhood be quiet . warm window light spill be out across the well manicure lawn . you can almost smell two hundred dinner in all of the oven of cuesta Verde . ext . STREET / freeling 's house - dusk 37 Steve freeling 's oldsmobile station wagon turn down the block head home . angle - freeway driveway Three empty trashcan block the drive ... Steve groan as he park half on , half off the curb , climb out , and start remove obstacle when from nowhere Diane be there , literally pull toward the house . steven hey babe . guess who just buy l-j 237 ... diane just c’mere ! hurry ! steven wait a sec. , I be park in the street . diane leave it . Quick , before it stop again . int . kitchen - dusk 38 we have never see Diane focus and again so frazzle . her word be come in spurt . she must constantly catch she breath . the thrill in she voice be back up against a oppressive fear . diane okay , okay ... look . okay . listen . I have keep dana and Robbie out of this , but Carol Anne be with I when it start so I cut she in , but dana would blab and Robbie have be up for three week sleep on you side of the bed . 23 . steven Diane , put the break on will ya . just sit down a sec . diane no , goddammit , you sit down ! I mean ... stand right there . and just ... just have a open mind . reach back into we past when I use to know you with one and use it for the next coupla minute . Carol Anne suddenly appear from around the corner look exhaust and cranky . in she hand be a San Diego charger football helmet . carol anne mommy do not cook any dinner . diane ( loud ) we will go to pizza Hut , all right ? angle - steve look around he see chalk mark all over the kitchen floor . arrow and square and number in two color . Diane 's breathe quicken as she steady herself . skip to the kitchen table she take one of the colonial country chair from the breakfast table and scrape it along the floor to the center of the room where four circle have be describe in chalk . Diane place each leg in one of the proscribe circle and look up at Steve . diane ( last word ) okay ... okay now , watch !! watch !! she remove she hand from the back of the chair and step aside . Steve watch Diane as much as the chair . he start to step forward when Diane throw both of she hand out to stop he . diane look ! the chair begin to tremble . it virtually jitterbugs in place ... then begin to move forward pick up speed until it traverse the entire length of the kitchen end up right in front of Steve 's bullfrog eye . angle - carol anne 24 . yawning . close - diane with hysterical victory in she eye . close - steve look for wire . he kneel and feel the chair leg , then immediately look to Diane for the answer . diane it 's okay . it 's okay . look ! ( to Carol Anne ) sweetheart , show daddy . carol anne ( angry now ) I be hungry . diane do not argue ! ! Carol Anne shrug and put on the football helmet . Diane run over to Steve 's side and push the chair out of the way . Carol Anne sit on the floor in a circle with she name on it in yellow chalk . angle - steve start to run for she protectively . Diane restrain he . low angle - carol anne she start to tremble as if on a funhouse ride . her little body begin to move forward , faster , and all the way across the kitchen floor right into Diane 's arm . carol anne ( rub she fanny ) that burn ! diane sorry , baby , floor need more wax . steven what the fuck !! diane you try ! steven what ??? 25 . diane you can not believe the feel . steven what 's the gag ? there a magnet back there ? he look behind the door in the dining room . nothing . Steve just stand for a long moment in hapless silence , then ... steven I hate pizza Hut ! where 's supper ? I do not understand , Diane . what the hell 's go on around here ? Steve sidestep the chalk mark , remove himself from the active area . diane I figure I have never explain it to you . so I show you instead , but do not ask I how or what . just help I figure out what to do . steven you mean there 's no gimmick ? diane not from inside the house . maybe tuthill get himself a super remote from the Radio shack . Carol Anne adjust she helmet and sit inside she launch circle . Diane and Steve be have the discussion across the room and be not aware of she . steven maybe the shake - up and this thing ... relate . diane no shit . carol anne daddy , look at I !! they turn but it 's too late . Carol Anne shoot across the room faster than before , and with no one to catch she . angle - kitchen wall at a sicken speed she helmet smashes into the wall . Diane scream . Steve run over 39 40 41 42 26 . a eight -inch hole in the wall and the crack plastic on the helmet testify to the force of impact . Carol Anne be daze but unhurt . carol anne you promise pizza . omitted 39 omitted 40 omitted 41 ext . BEN tuthill 's front porch - light 42 the front door open and tuthill step into the bug light . a obvious strain in this conversation . the motive various , the feeling mutual . about a thousand mosquito chow down on the freeling while they talk . steven hi , ben. diane Mr. tuthill . tuthill tv 's off in here . if you set 's act up again ... steven ( laugh nervously ) no , no , uh-uh . nothing like that . we be wonder ... although this be go to sound strange come from I . tuthill I doubt it . steven ( swatting the mosquito ) this mosquito ... Jesus . tuthill ( so nonchalantly ) they never bother I . I never be bitten by one . 27 . tuthill ( cont would ) Far as I know , no member of my family 's effect by ‘em . ( grab he fourteen - year - old kid ) mosquito ever suck on you , son ? kid heck , I do not know , dad . meanwhile Diane and Steve be be massacre . tuthill he do not know . suddenly , there be a crash from somewhere inside the tuthill home . tuthill glance causally over he shoulder , turn back to Diane and remove a wet piece of cigar tobacco from the tip of he tongue . diane Mr. tuthill , what my husband be wonder ... steven ( break in ) yes . you see , Ben , something funny in we house ... next door . something ... diane you be have any disturbance lately ? tuthill ( suspiciously ) what sort of disturbance ? diane ( try to be casual ) oh , dish or furniture move -- around by themselves ? 43 int . freeling master bedroom - night 43 Diane be apply calamine lotion to Steve 's neck and wrist . diane I have to say something . I be lose a pint of blood every few second . 44 28 . steven I think we should keep this thing in the family . in the morning I 'il call someone in . diane who for instance ? I have already look in the yellow page . Furniture mover we get . strange phenomenon ... there 's no list . steven okay . I have a plan . I have a plan . something 's occur here that we can not explain . if Carol Anne be not wear that helmet ... diane okay , stop it . steven what if she be not ? Jesus , Diane . we have be at County emergency and not get ready for bed . diane okay already ! steven right . okay . let 's wake the kid . no big deal ! let 's wake they , spend tonight at the Travel Lodge in broxton . and come back tomorrow with expert ! expert who can tell we what it be that 's happen and if it 's safe to go home . diane now you be scare I . do not try and scare I , Steve . int . child 's bedroom - night 44 Robbie be wide awake . he be stare out the window from under the cover . there be a flash of lightning . Robbie begin nervously count . robbie one ... two ... three ... four ... five ... 46 29 . the SOUND of roll thunder . Robbie tense and watch the tree . angle - window a wind rustle the gnarled branch . the sky be a roll mass of gray and black . a second flash of lightning and Robbie whisper to himself . robbie one ... two ... three ... crackle ! rumble ! the window pane vibrate as the shock wave from the thunder bear down and the wind begin to dance with the tree . int . master bedroom - night diane ( get she back up ) I be the one who live with this freaky thing all day . and nothing bad happen . it 's like another side of nature . a side you and I be not qualified to comprehend . when you overreact like this it make what happen much too important . steven nobody go into the kitchen until we know what 's happen . diane ( look through the stash box ) we be out of papers . int . child 's bedroom - night 46 Robbie be watch the tree . Carol Anne be asleep but she 's toss and moan like the wind outside the window . another flash of lightning . Robbie pull the cover up over he nose and mouth . his little breath push the fabric up and down as he count . robbie one ... two ... 46 - a 46 - B 46-c 46-d 30 . ka - boom ! the room vibrate and Robbie take he eye off the window for just a moment , look at the open bedroom door and the light down the hall from he parent 's room . he could be out of bed and there in six second if he hurried . a savage crack of lightning . the explosion of thunder right on top of it . Robbie snap a look at the window just in time to see it happen . robbie 's Pov 46-a a hurricane blast of wind hit the monster oak . the two branch resembling arm fold forward aim at the window . the disfigure crown with the horn and knotty eye bend back before tipping forward . the finger-twigs at the end of the arm reach out hungrily . angle - the window 46-b the entire tree crash through robbiea window . a furnace of lightning accent the assault . Robbie start scream . the finger-twigs wrap around he like skeleton hand and lift he right out of bed . Carol Anne sit up and scream for Diane . the tree seem to be exhaling . its breath envelop Robbie in a phantom haze . the arm begin to retract pull Robbie toward the mouth and eye . angle - on the door 46 - C just then , Steve and Diane appear in the doorway . Diane scream as ... the tree pull Robbie right out the window and into a eighty - mile - per-hour night . the roar of wind be almost unbearable ... drown Robbie 's scream and that of he parent and dana who suddenly appear in the doorway . int . downstair 46-d Carol Anne be suddenly forget as dana , Diane and Steve hurl themselves downstairs and through the kitchen , only to find the door block by several large branch . 46-e 46 - F 47 48 49 31 . they scramble back through the kitchen , out the slide glass door and into the raging storm . int . child 's bedroom - angle - carol anne 46-e the force from the shattered window shove Carol Anne against the headboard of she bed where she hug she clown doll with a a 11 she might , its broad smile suddenly disconcert as it ppear to be look toward the closet in she room . ngle - the closet 46 - F pace in this five - year- old 's tiny , tiny world . Carol Anne Al the closet door open revealing the most fear and dread 's look where she doll be look and scream horribly . ext . back of house - second story window - night 47 the storm lash the tree . the tree lash Robbie . rain and wind and condensation make it difficult to see everything . sixty branch form a briar prison that start to tear and strangle . Steve race outside . a wall of wind make he run slow motion . int . child 's bedroom 48 angle - the closet the light inside grow to a supernatural intensity and a SOUND unlike anything anyone would ever want to hear blast through the velocity of the storm . it be the closet suck the bedroom into its murderous glare . anything not tie down be swallow . Carol Anne grab she cover , and scream . no SOUND come out . she be lift completely off the bed by the suction . only she death - grip on the sheet keep she away . unbelievably , she clown doll be not affect by the vacuum pull . it just sit on the floor where Carol Anne drop it and stare up at she , smile . ext . second story window - night 49 angle - tree Steve reach the twist trunk and start to climb . Diane 's scream from the patio be lose in the storm . 50 52 53 54 32 . Steve reach Robbie and the fight be define only by the flare of stroboscopic lightning . every time it appear as though Robbie will be freed , branch envelop he and wind he tighter . int . child 's bedroom - night 50 close - carol anne 's tiny hand the sheet start to peel back . the closet swallow toy and poster of darth vader and r2 D2 , then suck harder , the noise something like a colossal straw pull at the last drop from a deep , deep well . only now do the bed give way , flipping into the air and fly across the room , slamm Carol Anne inside and block the open with its frame and spring . ext . second story window - night angle - tree Steve tear at the branch , try to free Robbie . a crimson fluid pump thick from the branch that Steve destroy . as suddenly as it begin , the final burst of wind pass the tree like the caboose at the end of a runaway train . he frees he son and they topple out of the tree . Robbie throw he arm around he dad and the two hold on for they life , gasp , hugging , choke on the rain and sap . the tree be uproote before they and disappear into the storm . omitted 52 ext . freeling 's back yard - night 53 Steve and Robbie lie on the ground . both be numb and buzzing . Diane run over and hug they . then dana look in the sky and point to the horizon . dana look , Mom ... dad !!! Diane and Steve look off into the sky mile away . ext . back yard - night 54 a funnel cloud be move away from cuesta Verde estate break up as it hit the outly hill . 55 56 57 33 . ext . freeling 's back yard - night 55 dana a night twister ! diane it must of just skimm we . there would not be a house stand if ... steve + robbie Carol Anne !! dana upstair ? diane ( look at the shattered upstairs window ) my God ! everyone run to the house . int . upstair hall to child 's bedroom - night 56 Steve and Diane be first into the room . they expression say it all . int . child 's bedroom - night 57 full shot with the exception of the two bed block the closet , Robbie and Carol Anne 's room be stripped clean . Diane let out a muffle shriek and throw herself against the barricade , pull back mattress , boxspring and blanket . Steve join she and together they work side by side , panting , cry and call for Carol Anne . angle - robbie still in a state of complete dislocation , Robbie walk back into he bedroom and look at the window . the tree be there no longer . E. buzz , the dog , join Robbie , whimper at he foot . angle - the closet 58 34 . over Diane , scream out Carol Anne 's name , Steve do the muscle work , pull off end table , Lone Ranger lamp , chest of drawer , toy and stuff animal , work he way to the bottom of this innocent debris . camera start to move in . go beyond Steve to he hand at work as he lift the last layer of mayhem off Carol Anne 's favorite pink blanket . there be a fold lump beneath it . the lump do not stir . Diane cover she mouth and hyperventilate as Steve gently remove the fuzzy blanket and ... it be the clown doll , smiling up at they outrageously . steven she 's not here ! diane ( turn and call ) Carol Anne ! dana go to the shattered window and call out . dana i’1l check the kitchen ! steven do not go in there ! i’1l check it . you look in you room . diane I 'il go !! look in the bathroom ! close - robbie Robbie 's expression never change as everyone push past he on the run . he slowly walk to the closet and look in . robbie 's Pov the clown . int . kitchen - night 58 Steve swing into the room . the television set be on but the local transmitter must be out . there be only static snow . steven Carol Anne !! no answer . 59 60 61 62 35 . int . downstair bathroom - night 59 dana open the door . dana Carol Anne ! Carol ! she walk over to the shower stall and suddenly part the curtain . there be nothing inside . int . master bedroom - night 60 Diane pass the tv . snow , but no transmission . she check the bed , the closet , the bathroom , become more frantic with every dash hope . diane oh Jesus Christ almighty . Carol Anne ! steven this be crazy . I have look everywhere . diane ( suddenly realize ) oh my God . the swim pool ! everyone break run . again pass Robbie in the hall . Robbie turn into he mother 's room . the SOUND of tv static and blue video glow grow stronger with every step . ext . back yard pool excavation - night 61 dana , Steve and Diane race to the edge . the rain have soften the edge and dana 's foot slide out from under she . she start to fall when Diane grab she wrist , dana simply dangle above the deep end , fill with two foot of rainwater and mud . Steve slide down the steep muddy shoot from three to nine foot and plunge he hand into the quagmire . he find nothing . int . master bedroom - night 62 close on robbie the blue tv light flatten Robbie 's feature , accentuate he linger catatonia . 63 63- a 64 36 . the tv hiss be grow steadily and Robbie start to register something . from the back of he eye , awareness regains awareness that shift to terror . Robbie open he little mouth and produce a low moan that slide relentlessly to the upper register of primal release . robbie moooo000000000000000 mommy ! mommy !!! ext . pool excavation - night 63 close on diane she almost have dana pull out when the SOUND reach she . a preferential instinct force Diane to let go . dana fall four foot into she father 's arm . int . stair / upper hallway - night 63 - a Diane be already inside the house and head down the hall . int . master bedroom - night 64 Robbie be station not six inch from the nineteen - inch screen , hysterical , hold he hair in he fist . Diane grab he up and lock she eye to he . diane what be it ?! oh my Christ , what be it ?!!! the static hiss be almost unbearable . through it all we can still make out '' the voice '' . voice mommy ... Diane frantically search the room . diane Carol Anne ! where be you ?! Diane put Robbie down and run in a wide circle look . the hiss be everywhere . E. buzz growl at the tv . voice mommy ... Diane be hysterical now . the first time we have see she lose control . 65 37 . diane I be here , baby ! oh God , baby , I be here ! close - robbie walk to the tv screen again . robbie mommy . here ! here ! ! Diane turn to look . she freeze , and only the rivulet of perspiration move across she . Diane do not even breathe . tv set - slow push in Carol Anne 's voice be hear again , bury deeply behind the horizontal blur , the electron bombardment , the swirl of snow and noise . voice I can not see you . mommy . where be you ?! extreme close shot - diane her eye roll white , she head lull and we fade out . fade in : ( 3 day later ) int . dr . lesh 's office - U.C. irvine 65 Three bank of cold fluorescent purr down from the ceiling . camera pan down , past row of metal bookshelve from which ream of note , file and textbooks hang in no organize manner . finally , the view stop on dr . martha lesh , Professor of psychology at the University of California at irvine . wearing a purple afghan to hide the urge for jelly bean and souffle , norm look up from she questionnaire and take off she read glass . she be sixty - one and full of pep . next to she be two long -haire graduate student , tak and ryan . dr . lesh who be the member of the household involved ? what be they age ? 38 . steven ( 0.s. ) ( monotone ) Diane , my wife , she 's 31 . uh.. 32 . my oldest daughter , dana , 15 . Robert , my son , he 's 9 . and Carol Anne ... ( trail off ) dr . lesh yes ... Carol Anne ... Dr. lesh write five year old on the form . dr . lesh have there be any publicity about the event ? steven ( 0.s. ) absolutely no . uh uh . dr . lesh can you be reasonably sure of not let any get start ? steven ( 0.s. ) it 's the last thing in the world we want . dr . lesh would you family welcome a serious investigation of the disturbance , by someone who could make first - hand observation ? angle - steve freeling his eye be dark shadow and the unflatter light feature the patch of stubble and parched lip . he speak in hoarse whisper , view this surroundings with great suspicion . steven Dr. lesh . we do not care about the disturbance ... the pound ... the flash or the music . we want you to find we little girl . fade out . fade in : 39 . int . freeling home - stairway - upper hallway - day Dr. Les be mount the stair , follow by she two associate , tak and ryan . Steve be in the lead while Robbie keep he distance in the rear . steven I should warn you we have have to lock off the room from the rest of the house . Robbie sleep with we now . dana , we oldest , spend a lot of time with ... with friend . dr . lesh how many disturbance have you record in this room ? steven we do not go in there any more . ryan we will record any psychotronic energy or event . dr . lesh Ryan film a extraordinary episode during a case in redland . ryan a child 's toy , small matchbox vehicle , roll seven foot across a linoleum surface . the duration of the event be seven hour . steven Seven hour for what ? ryan for the vehicle to complete the distance . this would never register on the naked eye , but I have the event on the time - lapse camera . angle - child 's bedroom door Steve take out a key and feel for the lock . Dr. lesh and she assistant be look around , check out the hallway as Steve swing the door open . close - dr . lesh she casually look in . 67 40 . int . child 's bedroom - day her Pov - inside the room Inside be a junk pile of shattered furniture and toy . the window be board up . object be in motion throughout the room ... the bed be hopping about , record be fly , a lamp sail through . the clown be seat upside down on the boxspring as it spin . Children 's picture book flap they cover like wing , cruise the upper reach . a horse fly by . finally , a spin compass play a record while fly toward the roar of the room , create a eerie melody . close panning - dr . lesh , tak and ryan all semblance of clinical cool be go . they be blow away . int . dine room - day 67 Diane 's voice be hear over two shaking hand try not to spill a pot of coffee as it fill a cup . diane 's voice none of we have be much fun to be around . I guess you can tell I have not sleep very much . Steve 's stay home from work so much . he 's be really wonderful . really . pan up from the shaking hand to Dr. martha lesh . she must now use both hand , steady the coffee she 's just pour . her assistant be in no better condition . angle - diane she look terrific . her eye be alert , hair comb back and hold with a bright yellow clip . she sip she coffee with rock steady hand and softly inquiry . diane how long have you be investigate haunt house ? dr . lesh ( embarrassed , backtrack ) well , Mrs. freeling ... diane Diane . 41 . dr . lesh the determination as to whether you home be haunt be not a very easy one . at that moment the coffee pot move by itself to the table 's edge but do not spill . Dr. lesh try to overlook this , for appearance sake . dr . lesh what I mean to say be this could very well be a poltergeist intrusion instead of the classic haunt . steven there 's a difference ? two bright flash of light distract lesh and she associate . ryan anybody see that ? diane there 'il be two more in a few second . they always travel in pair . tak sit hold the camera with he mouth hang open . lesh nudge he . dr . lesh Dr. casey ! tak snap out of it and look down to adjust the lens set just as two more flash go off in the air . diane gotta be quick than that around here . ryan it 's electrical ... you can smell the charge . diane you be say poltergeist ... dr . lesh ( rattle ) I be say they be generally associate with a individual . 69 42 . dr . lesh ( cont would ) in the general vernacular , haunting seem to be connect with a area ... a house usually . tak poltergeist disturbance be of fairly short duration . perhaps a couple of month . hauntings can go on for year . Diane take Steve 's hand , suddenly frighten . diane be you tell I all this could just end at any time ? dr . lesh unless it 's a haunt . but as a rule , there seem to be no live person around whom haunt incident revolve . diane then we do not have much time , Dr. lesh . because my daughter be alive somewhere in this house . int . live room - dusk 69 the family and the investigator everyone be assemble around the console tv . Ryan have a nakamichi cassette recorder on the coffee table and a pencil microphone tape to the television speaker . tak have erect he Nikon on a small aluminum tripod aim at the screen plus two infrared heat seek camera and monitor which scan the entire live room . a electrostatic locator to measure ionization and a magnometer that measure magnetic change . Diane be hold Steve 's hand . dana come into the room with a overnight bag strapped around she shoulder . diane dana , I have like you to meet doctor ... dana ( clipped ) it 's get dark , Mom . I gotta go . i’1l call you from trudie 's . 43 . steven she will not stay in the house after dusk . robbie ( disgust ) she 's get brain ! Diane flip on the set . a local news station be finish the report when Diane turn to channel 27 . diane we receive better on this channel but do not ask I why . Dr. lesh be thoroughly perplex . she put on she glass as Steve turn out the lamp and light a cigarette . Diane squeeze she husband 's hand . the camera push in to the tv screen and million of particle of white air . Diane turn the volume up and Ryan , wear headsets , flinch , adjust down the volume on he recorder . diane I will call she . she say this so matter - of - factly that Dr. lesh gasp . Diane walk to the center of the live room , fold she hand in front of she , collect she thought , take a very deep breath and call to the ceiling . diane it 's mommy , sweetheart . we want to talk to you . baby , please answer please talk to I , Carol Anne . Dr. lesh look quickly to tak and Ryan for they human response to this . tak shrug unnotice . Ryan adjust in he chair and look up at the ceiling . E . buzz prance into the room , look up as if follow on the heel of someone with a treat dr . lesh ( to tak breathlessly ) look at the dog . he sit up on he hind leg and beg to no one we see . diane be you with we now ? can you say hello to daddy ? say hello to daddy , baby . 44 . close - ryan he try hard not to smile . no matter . the suppress laugh be slap away by what he now hear . Ryan grab he headsets in two hand , press they hard to he ear . tak ( tight whisper ) good Lord ... everyone turn away from Diane and back to the tv . they strain they hearing , lean forward , watch ... voice ( softly , sweetly , far away ) hello , daddy . *** page missing *** diane Carol Anne . where be this light ? dr . lesh tell she to stay away from it ! steven tell she , Diane !! diane sweetheart , the light be dangerous . do not go near it . do not look at the light . tak speak into Dr. lesh 's ear . tak I can not believe it . it 's just a Zenith . but the voice could be c.b. broadcasting from somewhere in the house . I be take a look . dr . lesh it 's not a hoax . tak we will see . tak take off . 70 71 45 . E . buzz bark into the air twice and catch something in he mouth . no sooner do Dr. lesh catch this out of the corner of she eye when several midair electrical discharge illuminate the room . steven what 's that ?! int . the live room floor - dusk 70 from one of the flash a number of tiny object fall to the carpete . jewelry , cameo , broaches , coin , watch , both modern and pocket , along with many thin , wiry clip , sprinkle the floor . int . live room - dusk 71 E. buzz immediately start to sniff whatever it be . dr . lesh ( to Ryan ) anything ? ryan ( check readout ) nothing 's register . voice mommy ... there 's somebody here . steven ( hold he head in he hand ) oh Jesus , this be not happen . voice mommy ... be it you ? diane ( fear envelop she ) who be with you ? voice ( the voice be afraid ) somebody 's come ! ! 72 73 46 . int . upstair hallway - tak - dusk 72 he go room to room look for prankster . when he get to the active bedroom he hesitates , listen through the door , pull in he courage and turn the knob . of course , the door be lock . tak be never without a trick . he slip a file from he utility belt and start to jimmy the door . the lock give and tak easily turn the knob , and let out a agonizing scream ! he fall backward hold he side , roll over and over until he be at the top of the carpete staircase . int . live room - dusk 73 voice help ! no , no , no , no ... the little voice hide behind all the static scream . diane ( scream back ) run Carol Anne ! run away !! close - ryan his eye light up . close - monitor and readback come to life and start register wildly . Diane can not stand the scream . she hold she ear , in tear now , implore Dr. lesh with she eye . diane Carol Anne ! oh God !! Steve hold Diane to he , she push away and scream at the ceiling . diane you fuck bastard , she 's just a baby ! voice mommy ! mommy ! diane ( scream through tear to Dr. lesh ) help she ! can not you hear what 's happen ?! 47 . we hear soft footstep run across the ceiling and down the wall . two lamp be turn over and smash to piece on the library table . we next hear colossal footfalls booming in pursuit . a gust of interior wind race through Diane 's clothes and hair . she scream in combine joy and horror . diane she just move through I . my God , I feel she . I can smell she ! she go through my soul ! ! Diane run back to Steve and grab he shirt , pull he to she . diane smell my clothes . it 's she . it 's she all over I . Steve smell and can not believe it steven it be she ! the footstep in pursuit grow louder . Diane turn to face the sound . Dr. lesh turn . Steve and Ryan turn . a perfectly foul smell precede a implosion of displace air . almost the sound of thunder , the impact be so great . lesh , Diane and Steve blow backward , they clothes flap in the gale as the force pass through each one of they and out the picture window that crack in a dozen place but do not shatter dr . lesh ( pick herself up ) have you ever hear of the term '' teleportation '' ? diane Carol Anne ! robbie that 's like when Mr. spock beam up Captain kirk on '' Star Trek '' . dr . lesh just about . in a recent case , object which disappear from a house would be see much later fall to the ground outside . diane Carol Anne do not answer . Steve ? 48. dr . lesh ( to Steve ) where exactly do you suppose Carol Anne be play before she vanish from sight ? diane her bedroom closet . and she be not play . dr . lesh let 's go up there . steven it will not let you in . dr . lesh we ’1ll just see about that . lesh practically roll up she sleeve and head for the stairway , the rest follow . int . bottom of the staircase - dusk as they come around the corner they run smack into tak , just come down the last step , rub he side . dr . lesh what happen to you ? tak I be just about to check out the lock bedroom when ... I do not know ... something take a bite out of I . Robbie get very scared . robbie you get bit ? tak that or the worst muscle spasm in the world . dr . lesh Roll up you shirt . let 's have a look . tak turn to face the hall light and untuck he shirt roll it up . then roll up he T-shirt . everyone crowd in to see . 74 - a 49 . angle - tak 's stomach and side teeth mark bear out tak 's story . the unusual thing be , the bite wrap all the way around he side from kidney to navel . a pink and partially bruise eleven - inch crescent impression . close - robbie Eye level with it , he little mouth hang open . robbie wow ! Dr. lesh take a tentative step up the stair then turn back demonstratively . dr . lesh let 's everybody spend the night down here . steven honey , I want you and Robbie to come with I . we ’1ll sleep in town and tomorrow ... diane ( firm and quick ) I be not leave Carol Anne . robbie I do not want to stay here anymore . this place 's get jaw . diane you take Robbie into town . steven I be not leave you alone in this house . int . live room - night 74 - a Dr. lesh have return to the live room . she bend over and grab the apron off the couch and pull . it fold out . a convertible bed . dr . lesh blanket , pillow , sheet . let 's have a slumber party . dissolve to : 75 75 - a 50 . int . live room - night 75 later that night Robbie and Diane be curl up together in the convertible bed . Steve have put two chair together and sleep fitfully . Dr. lesh look over tak 's shoulder at the oscilloscope and electro hygrometer that be use for measure change in the humidity . hallway - ryan 75 - a Ryan sit in a chair face the staircase and the upper level of room his spectroscopic camera equipment be aim directly up the stair . lesh pat Ryan on the shoulder , he nearly jump out of he skin . they speak in whisper so as not to disturb the other . ryan Jesus , my heart . dr . lesh ( whisper ) shhh . more thrill than grade papers , would not you say ? ryan ( whisper ) I can leave any time , you know . this be not the Army and you be not my mother . dr . lesh ( whisper ) if push come to shove , I bet I 'il beat you to the door . ( indicate monitor ) any movement out of that thing ? ryan ( whisper ) there 's be some ionization fluct . I have like to make sure they be not cause by humidity come from structure leakage , but I be not go up there to find out 76 51 . int . live room - night 76 lesh go to the console tv and , assume everyone be asleep she turn it off . in a very small voice Diane lean on she elbow . diane please . leave it on . Dr. lesh smile , it 's the first time we have see she do this and it remind Diane at once of she favorite story - book grandma who bake cookie and knit comforter . close - diane she smile back and motion for Dr. lesh to come over . diane when thing get quiet like now I can imagine how all this must look from you end . I be really embarrassed . dr . lesh h , nonsense . i’1l1 tell you what be mbarrass . my be here with ou nice people . parapsychology 's not something you master in . here be no certificate of raduation , no license to practice . be a professional psychologist who pend most of she time engage in he ghostly hobby , which make I , suppose , the most irresponsible ixty-one - year old woman I know . ohtmnh@abp < oo diane you be so funny . you hand be shaking a mile a minute . Diane start to giggle . it 's a release and Dr. lesh join she . dr . lesh it be not over . I be perfectly terrify . it 's all this thing we do not understand . I feel like the protohuman , step of the forest primeval and see the moon for the first time . throw rock at it . 52 . diane you mean someday we ’1ll understand this thing ? dr . lesh when it 's recognize for what it be . as any science . understand and sponsorship seem always to be one hundred year behind ridicule and doubt . out of this experience , should we capture a high resolution photograph of a genuine manifestation time Magazine will still put President Reagan on its next cover . robbie if I get kill would I come back as a ghost and get stick in the house like my sister ? diane you sister be not dead , Robbie . robbie if I get kill could I visit she and show she how to get back here if you tie a rope around I and hold it tight ? then somebody could come get I and we could move somewhere else ? dr . lesh some people believe that when you die you soul go to heaven . robbie when grampa be dead I look at he on the hospital bed and I be watchin’ , but nothing go out of he . diane his soul be invisible . you could not see it go to the sky . robbie how come grandpa be not on television with Carol Anne ? dr . lesh some people believe that when you die there be a wonderful light . 53 . dr . lesh ( cont would ) as bright as the sun but it do not hurt to look into it . all the answer to all the question you want to know be inside that light . and when you walk into it ... you become a part of it forever . now , some people die , but they do not know they be go . robbie they think they be still alive ? dr . lesh that 's right . maybe they do not want to die . maybe they be not ready . maybe they have not begin to live yet or live a long , long time anyway , but want more life . they resist go into the light no matter how hard the light want they . they hang around , watch tv , watch they friend grow up feel all unhappy or jealous and that feeling be bad , they hurt and then some people just get lose on the way to the light . they need someone to lead they there . robbie so some people get angry and throw thing around like in my bedroom . dr . lesh yes . just like in school . there be people who be nice to you . and people who be mean . robbie I get beat up once by three kid . they take my lunch money . maybe they get hit by a truck and be upstairs right now . diane let 's get some shuteye , whad ’ya say , partner ? robbie goodnight , Mom . ' nite lady . ' nite , dad . ' nite , E. buzz . Robbie put he head down on the pillow and Diane and Dr. lesh share a warm look over he . Robbie sit back up suddenly and look at the tv set . 77 78 78 - a 54 . robbie ' nite , Carol Anne . int . bottom of the staircase - on tak - night 77 flanke by four bank of monitor and oscilloscope , tak 's stomach growl . he turn back look over he shoulder at the kitchen . angle - tak he lean he chair back on its hind leg until he head reach around the corner . tak '' pffft '' to Ryan . Ryan look up from a penthouse Magazine that he be study by penlight . tak gesture for Ryan to relieve he for a few minute . full shot - bottom of staircase tak get up and Ryan sit down , get right back into he penthouse after a cursory look at the monitor and readout . Ryan put a walkman over he ear and pop a herbie hancock tape in the cassette . int . kitchen - tak - night 78 the refrigerator be the perfect target for tak 's housebreake skill . he turn once , look over he shoulder before open the amana ... the light inside bathes everything in white . tak take out a salad bowl and noshes from that , but he chew be too loud so he opt for a beautiful New York steak wrap in cellophane . place the steak on the dark counter , tak stuff a chicken leg into he mouth and search the kitchen for a steak knife . he pull he flashlight from he hip pocket and being pull drawer ... a new sound be add to he search . a crawling gushy SOUND that bubbles and softly hiss . tak turn and see a shape move along the counter where he put the steak . approach , tak tilt he flashlight so the beam hit the object move on the counter . close on kitchen counter - night 78 - a tak 's Pov the New York Steak be alive with cancer ! it actually crawl over and over its own rampant cell growth . 78 - B 78-c 79 80 81 82 55 . int . kitchen 78 -b he start to gag look at it and realize the chicken be still in he mouth . he spit it onto the floor and shine he flashlight on top . close - chicken leg 78-c a thousand maggot crawl away from it into the dark corner of the kitchen . tak start to retch and flail into a small powder room . int . utility room - night 79 tak turn the light on and retch into the sink int . bottom of the staircase - night 80 Ryan be read the letter to Forum and have not notice the activity on the first readout . slowly , the equipment come alive , purring softly , image vibrate . Ryan be too involved in penthouse to notice the change . herbie hancock leak from he headphone . int . utility room - night 81 tak be catch he breath , he head lower in frame . he stand up suddenly check he complexion in the mirror . smash CUT to : he mirrore reflection his reflection be a rotting corpse , hair wild and stream , he mouth open in a crazy way , tooth hang by leathery thread , a funeral suit from the neck down . the bulb over the mirror change hue from white to yellow to orange to pink . in a burst of electricity it explode over the sink as tak wheel around show we he live image , back to normal . int . hallway - night 82 close - ryan aware of nothing , read , tapping he foot . 83 84 85 86 87 88 56 . int . view up the stair - night 83 angle - behind ryan something be aglow at the top of the stair . something be start to descend . something ectoplasmic and blue-green . int . on the equipment - night 84 the oscilloscope be sine - wave like crazy . the remote camera be trigger and click on . tape machine roll automatically . int . top of the stair - past ryan - night 85 the substance be head down . int . bottom of the stair - night 86 tak walk forward , he eye rivete to the staircase . he feel in the dark until he hand touch Ryan 's head . Ryan turn around to see who 's behind he and shine he flashlight up into tak 's face . close - tak lit from below add a dement aspect to tak 's already terrify expression . Ryan look immediately in the direction tak be fixate ... the top of the stair . int . on the staircase - night 87 behind both tak and ryan the crawl mass come down the stair resemble a giant hand with long , search finger , flow down the stair and head right for the two technician . int . on ryan and tak - night 88 Ryan stand and back away two step . close - tak 89 90 91 57 . he want to scream out but cannot find the breath . the air in the room be suddenly thin and electrostatically charge . ryan it 's manifest ! it 's manifest ! look at the scope ! tak watch the trip wire ! temperature 's drop . ryan racial ! ! tak can you breathe ? ryan can you run ? I be workin’ on it . int . stair - night 89 the finger be almost to the bottom . the smoking fingertip suddenly rise straight up into the air like sky-writh . rising right up to the ceiling . another tentacle of ectoplasm seem to come forward . larger and thicker than the rest and still grow , it study the vtr and panasonic camera , waltzing above it , hover curiously close , then retract suddenly like a King cobra . int . bottom of the staircase - on tak - night 90 dare to look at the monitor . his mouth drop open . he see something we do not . his eye shift back and forth between the manifestation and the monitor . he bear he tooth to scream and ... tak doctor leeeeeeeeeesh ! ! ! int . live room - night 91 extreme - close shot dr . lesh her eye open and she immediately pull out she glass . steve 92 58. Falls between two chair try to stand . diane rising to she knee she look out into the hall and hug Robbie protectively . int . live room - full shot - night 92 ectoplasmic mist wander aimlessly , pass under table chair , circle lamp . DR. lesh ( to Diane ) have you experience this before ? diane first time ! dr . lesh I too . at this moment every lightbulb in the room come on . the brightness grow to blind level . everyone cover they eye . steven ( yell ) smell like a short ! diane ( yell ) it 's go to explode ! the hum of electrostatic charge race up the scale to what sound like feedback overload , then ... flash flash - flash everything be dark again . the episode end . the room be very quiet . Dr. lesh break the silence . dr . lesh Roll it back ! tak hit the rewind switch on both vtr . Diane , Steve and Robbie all run to the display panel . 93 94 95 59 . ryan ( like a kid ) I think it record . I think we get one on tape . yes. yes ... we get it record !!! we move from the face of the freeling and lesh to : there Pov of video monitor - night 93 we see the empty hallway and staircase in black and white on one screen . one the other a spectroscopic breakdown of color pattern in infrared . the picture on the screen become grainy , smoky . a bright glowly substance begin to form into tendril that move down the stair and very close to the camera . the black and white monitor show what the human eye capture . the color infrared show what the technology capture . close on diane - night 94 move in to her as she watch the color monitor . close on monitor - night 95 the smoky substance twist and melt and form what appear to be the shape of a man 's back . the shape move in front of the camera and we see what could be a old man look over he shoulder with a suspicious expression , and then walk past a little girl , not Carol Anne , hold a ball . she wander through the live room as if lose . suddenly , the live room be fill with manifestation . four men in burlap type coat , floppy hat , denim and boot face away from the cameras , a woman dress in the style of the 1920 's move through the room , tear on she face -- people of all age and description wander aimlessly , lose and sad through the live room . no manifestation make contact with any other . they do not even seem to be aware that other exist -- a old woman glance at the cameras disinterestedly -- and a young boy move toward the camera and evaporate . the screen suddenly become black , fill by two glow beam -- the beam pull back and we realize they be eye of a scary old man . it be the face of pure chaotic horror . a vision of madness and murder . 96 97 60 . on diane and robbie - night 96 she cover Robbie 's eye and scream continuously , out of control , for this be the pit of she nightmare . diane that thing be in there with my baby ! that thing ! that thing ! dr . lesh ( 0.s. ) my God ! there be hundred . angle - full Steve be hold Diane now , stroking she hair until she scream turn into sob . lesh and the technician look on silently . Steve lead Diane and Robbie back into the live room . Dr. lesh take out the two tape and put they into a briefcase and lock it with a key . dissolve to : int . kitchen - day 97 close - dust pan crowd with a mixture of fill and decaye tooth from last evening 's hailstorm , Steve close the trashcan and wipe he hand against he shirt . the portable tv be on , turn , as usual , to a static channel . full shot - robbie dress to travel with a little suitcase in hand . at he side be E. buzz on leash . diane tell grandma to call the very second you walk in . steven taxi 's here . diane do not be scared of the taxi man , he 's a friend of daddy 's and mine . robbie ( agitate at all this fussing ) I be seven year old , gimme a break . 97 - a 97 - B 97- C 61 . steven that 's what I like to hear . let 's move out ! ... you be about to have yourself a real adventure . robbie ( act grow up ) I do not need no more adventure . I need to get some sleep . int . entryway / live room 97-a Diane and Steve watch Robbie and E. buzz go out the door . Steve start to follow , reach out to help with the bag . Robbie wave he off . robbie I can do it myself . bye. diane ( tearful , but hold back ) bye , sweetheart . call we . ext . freeling house - day 97 - B Robbie and E. buzz climb into a taxi . it pull away from the curb . int . kitchen - day 97 - C Dr. lesh sorting through the brooches , stickpin , hail comb and cameo . brass button , pocket watch and cufflink . dr . lesh this cameo . one hundred year old . Diane return from the door and cock she head to examine the jewelry . diane some haul , huh ? ( gesture upstairs ) maybe they fear a lawsuit and want a out of court settlement Dr. lesh hold up a twist - o- flex digital wristwatch . 62 . dr . lesh and then this enigma ... probably a couple year old and not you husband 's s? diane he say it be not . dr . lesh I have hear about jewelry or perfume disappear from a vanity in one room later to reappear in another but ... but this do not fit into any construct I have ever experience . diane have anything lately ? dr . lesh ( smile at this ) no , I suppose not . well , I be off . I will take this back to the lab along with the tape ... ( disturb ) ... i’11 have to display this , you know . Steve enter the kitchen . steven just please not on '' sixty Minutes '' . diane or ... '' that 's incredible '' ? dr . lesh I be leave Ryan with you . tak will not be come back you know ? steven yeah , he tell I he want a day job . dr . lesh but he 's promise not to talk about this for several week . after that we be all on we own . the front doorbell ring . steven I 'il get it . 98 99 63. int . live room - day 98 angle - front door Steve open it and be immediately uncomfortable . a older man , with gray hair and a pleasant smile , be stand there , briefcase in hand . mr . teague we have miss you at the office , Steve . the fellow be worried so I take it upon myself to ... ( closely scrutinize Steve 's appearance ) Jesus , Steve , you look like shut . be not you feel any better . Steve just stand there like a schoolboy catch play hooky . steven still a little weak ... this particular strain of flu be not easy to get rid of . the minute you be back on you foot ... it uh ... it 's back with you . int . live room - day 99 teaguex Pov teague can see past Steve and into the live room and staircase . all sort of scientific equipment be strung around . the big console tv be tune to a static channel , so be the kitchen portable , also visible from Mr. teague 's vantage . teague look over Steve 's shoulder and Steve try to subtly block he view . mr . teague look like you cable be out there . steven cable ? yes , the cable . yes . we have have no tv for several day . mr . teague well , we should look into that . be the entire block dark ? 100 101 64 . steven uh , no , no ... just we . just we . behind Steve the couch move across the room gently bump up against the baby grand piano which produce a musical vibration . ext . front porch - day 100 Steve immediately step outside with Mr. teague and close the door behind he . the porch light come on and even in the bright daylight it glow to amazing intensity . mr . teague I see you have some electrical problem as well . with what 's screw in there , a three hundred watt bulb ? you afraid of prowler or try to attract every insect in cuesta Verde ? ( he laugh ) steven my wife 's not feel well either . she get a little of my bug . mr . teague tell I something , be you happy here ? I hope you do not resent my leaping out to ask this thing . we would not want to lose we best rep to either the flu or ... other '' opportunity '' . all that software set up in you live room make I wonder whether you have get a little something go on the side . steven just hobby . popular mechanic . mr . teague be you up to a little ride ? I want to show you something . int . upper hallway to bedroom - day 101 Diane hang desperately onto any tangible reality . she move carefully through the house , clean up . when she pass Carol Anne and Robbie 's room Diane hesitates . she listen through the door . she knock softly and pray . 102 103 65 . diane ( lightly ) hello . anyone home ? ( she rap softly ) Carol Anne ? Diane slip she hand down to the doorknob . know it be always lock she feel safe in try it -- the knob turn in she hand . tak never lock up after he episode . Diane gasp and jump back . as much as she want to , Diane will not go in . she back into she own bedroom and shut the door . int . master bedroom - day 102 she turn and see the bed be not make . Diane pull off the cover and the sheet , make they ready for the wash machine . Dust rise off the bed and Diane sneeze . as she tilt she head back for a second sneeze she freeze look at the wall over she head . the sneeze never materialize . angle - the wall the stain have grown . it be three foot in diameter and shape like a black rise . Little black , wiggly line , like vein , scribble away from the black pistil in all direction . Diane flinch and step away from it . she see a picture on she other wall and determine to hang it over the stain . ext . the top of a hill - day 103 steve and teague mr . teague I be so very proud of this place . Steve and teague stand on a hill overlook the entire cuesta Verde estate . teague 's bronco sit off to one side . steven I have be up here once or twice . Diane call it vanity Point . mr . teague so who 's to say a artist should not step back from he easel to admire the sum of he part ? steven ( almost forget he ordeal for a few second of mental freedom ) 66 . steven ( cont would ) when they build we model home , there be nothing down there . just freshly turn earth and a lotta wooden stake and mile and mile of string . mr . teague one of you child be bear in you house . steven ( not smile now ) Carol Anne . mr . teague I understand she 's miss a lot of school lately . trask 's daughter 's in the same nursery class . she have the flu as well ? steven yeah , we have all get the same thing . mr. teague I be sorry . I do not see she . steven oh , she 's around . mr. teague be you ? steven ( he mind in the valley , snap out of it ) be I what ? mr . teague be you think of leave cuesta Verde ? steven ( daze ) I can not believe how a day can be so beautiful . you wonder how anyone can have a problem in the world on a day like this . mr . teague ( kick up some sod with he heel ) Nice spot for a bay window , would not you agree ? 104 67 . steven if you be live up here , great . would not be so terrific from the valley , look up at a lotta house cut into this hill . mr . teague you do not have to live in the valley any more . steven what be you get at ? mr . teague phase five be go up right where we be stand . this could be you master bedroom suite . that could be you view . you interested ? steven Mr. teague , that 's a very generous offer but I be not a developer . mr . teague you be responsible for 42 % of sale , almost half of what we be look at down there . almost seventy million dollar of dwelling and property . maybe a generation of security that no one can put a price tag on . we should have make you a full partner three year ago ... I do not want to lose you now . Steve do not know what to think . so much be pile up so suddenly . it 's a golden opportunity that two week ago would have mean a Hawaiian vacation and day of happiness and celebration . Steve turn around to take in the view . ext . the view - day 104 camera pan around 180 degree this whole conversation have take place just inch outside a quiet little cemetery with picket fence and both ancient and recent headstone . Steve scratch and gesture to the three - acre memorial park . steven not much room for a pool . 68. mr . teague we own the land . we have already make arrangement to relocate the cemetery . steven can you do that ? I mean , be not it rather ... I do not know ... sacrilegious ? mr . teague do not worry about it . it 's not a ancient tribal burial ground . it 's just ... people . besides , we have do it before . steven when ? mr. teague in ' 76 . right down there . steven ( strike ) cuesta Verde ? mr . teague all three hundred acre . it be quite a job , let I tell you . steven ( to himself , he mind racing ) I never hear anything about it . mr . teague well , it 's not something you go around advertising on billboard and the side of bus . Steve be speechless . he look back and forth between the exist cemetery and cuesta Verde estate below . mr . teague what be you worried about ? relative and friend can visit they love one at broxton Memorial Park . it 's only five minute further out for Christ 's sake . 105 106 69 . steven ( quietly , to himself ) five minute . I guess that 's no great hardship . I suppose that would be okay . mr . teague okay with whom ? steven whomever might complain . mr . teague nobody 's complain up till now . ext . university of california at irvine campus - establishing - day student mill about between class . it 's a beautiful day at irvine . int . psychic research CENTER - lecture hall - day 106 dr . lesh and a senior advisor , ANTHONY farrow . they be sit in a empty lecture hall . monitor be everywhere . several people be filing out . lesh be exhaust . apparently she 's be through quite a ordeal . Anthony farrow be twenty year old than Dr. lesh , which put he into he early eighty . he put a comforting arm around she and sit on the desk smile like the wizen sage he be . farrow in a word ? he hand she back the video tape . dr . lesh in a word . farrow too graphic ! dr . lesh it be the episode as it occur . farrow perhaps . 70 . dr . lesh oh , tony ... you too ? farrow I so wish to accept what I see . I be only step away from the old wooden bridge myself . to believe that something exist on the other side would be like a warm light in the window . dr . lesh perhaps if tendril of ectoplasm be all that show up ? farrow better . dr . lesh a smoky shape last merely a instant . farrow even better . dr . lesh nothing on tape at all ... only sound , rapping , a sigh . farrow you have still be answer question . they have all want to go back to the house tonight . you give they too much , martha . too much too soon . nothing be leave to the imagination . this be not a science yet . it 's still a sideshow and you troubadour be not in they make - up . dr . lesh and this ? what do you make of this ? she gesture to the dozen of jewelry piece on the desk . farrow pick up a beautiful brooch . he hold it up to the light . farrow it 's the real mccoy , that 's one thing for certain . 71 . farrow pin the brooch on lesh 's sweater and take a antique ring , place it on she finger . farrow dear martha . May we cross that bridge together someday ? May all we believe be true . May we picnic in the cloud . Dr. lesh start to laugh and punch farrow on he leg . dr . lesh you old con artist . if only you be fifty year young . farrow let I give you some advice . secret a few of that gem . come out of this with something in you pocket . the National Enquirer pay more for invent what we must bust we rump investigate and for what ? dr . lesh okay , pop ! I be make you the accessory in this crime . she pick out a set of earring and stuff they into she change purse . farrow laugh as Dr. lesh start to fold up the napkin contain the stone and jewelry . suddenly farrow stop she , reach for something in the pile . farrow this be interesting . he pick up a thin , wiry clip that look like it could be a dog muzzle for a miniature poodle . farrow do this teleport with everything else ? dr . lesh yes , I pick it up myself . why ? he turn it over in he hand . farrow it 's a staple , a clamp for the jaw . dr . lesh not something you have wear to the masquerade ball . 72 . farrow no , but you would wear it to you own funeral . it 's a mortician 's trick . it prevent the mouth from suddenly drop open when the body be in repose . it discourage a great deal of embarrassment and ... fainting . dr . lesh ( with a shiver she look at she watch ) oh darn , I promise I have be back before dark . farrow martha , my dear . why do not you let tangina have a go ? dr . lesh ( sourly ) I be afraid you have suggest that . tangina 's so ... melodramatic . farrow yes . but she 's a house - cleaner and right now with what you tell I about that little girl , I think it 's high time you bring out you big gun . 107 ext . cuesta verde estate , phase one - night 107 this time we be frame the first row of headstone , pushing past they to the warm suburban glow that reach for mile into the hill , join by a sprinkle of star on this moonlit night . 108 int . live room - night 108 moving shot we be follow Steve and Diane . they seem to be gaze down as they walk through they home . camera widen to reveal Ryan and lesh ahead of the freeling . they appear to be follow something , also look down at they foot . camera pan down , expect to find E. buzz at the head of this train . instead ... we meet tangina barron , astrologist , clairvoyant , midget . 73 . she be dress in a California Hawaiian print dress , wear she hair in a beehive , don aviator sunglass and casually sip coffee from a mug as she explore the freeling home . tangina stop and look at she follower . she speak with a very polite Southern accent . tangina would you all mind hangin’ back . you be jam my frequency . they oblige and tangina waddle she way down the hall and up the stair unaccompany . dr . lesh I know what you be think . you 'il have to take my word on this . she 's clean many house . her gift be well document at the parapsychology laboratory at Duke University , University of Virginia , the ... Diane be become more and more distraught over something . diane we have not hear a word from Carol Anne since last night . tangina ( 0.s. ) why be this door lock , Mr. freeling ? Steve look up the stair , he 's about to answer but instead decide to concentrate . a pause . diane answer she . steven ( softly ) I be . tangina appear at the upper rail and look down between the banister post . tangina I be address the live ? steven ( give up ) I be sorry . that 's the room my son and daughter occupy . 109 74 . dr . lesh we believe it 's the heart of the house . tangina this house have many heart . tangina turn away and continue she search . angle - live room Steve turn to Diane and lesh and Ryan , pull they into a circle of whisper . steven ( whisper ) I be try to answer with my mind . she could not hear I . I think you say tangina barron be a extraordinary clairvoyant . from far away and well out of earshot tangina answer . tangina ( 0.s. ) ( upstairs ) I be . I just do not like trick answer . dissolve to : int . live room - night 109 the cameras be all set up . the Zenith console be now the centerpiece of this room . the rest of the furniture have be pile against the wall although we be not sure if this be Diane 's work or early poltergeist disturbance . tangina see herself on the video monitor and smile into the camera . she wave and watch herself wave on the monitor . she make a funny face and get a huge thrill at see it in black and white . Diane and Steve stand divorced from this . they have become bit player as tangina take center stage . tangina can you make my face look bigger ? think this be a scientific request , Ryan zoom in fill the monitor with tangina . tangina look at I for cryin’ out loud ! you have never suspect I be just a teeny little thing , would ya ? 75 . dr . lesh tangina , could we get on with this please ? tangina pull out a lipstick and freshen she makeup , all the while watch herself in the monitor . tangina I have never be on tv before . she step back and look into the camera . she add to she already thick Texas accent . the melodrama gush out of she . tangina yes , it be I all the time , not that fussy harlot from the office . I shot j.r. ewing ! I blow he little pecker right into the gulf of Mexico . I ... ( embarrassed ) oh , I swore on television . no one be laugh . especially Diane and Steve . they be rather appal . tangina immediately pull back . she become a adult again and walk into the center of the room . tangina ( to Diane ) honey , c’mere and give I you hand . Diane hesitates and look over at Dr. lesh . tangina I be not gonna bite 's cha . Diane slowly walk to tangina and reach down with she hand . tangina C ’mon down here . you be gonna give I whiplash lookin’ up at you . Diane smile and kneel . she be eye level with tangina . tangina ( softly , just for Diane to hear ) you daughter be alive and in this house . the tear come immediately . Diane break down , sobbing , the first confirmation of she own belief from the outside . 76 . tangina hug she , patting the back of Diane 's head reassuringly . Steve start to come over to comfort but tangina wave he off and mouth ... tangina a glass of water . angle - dr . lesh she sit down and smile . relieved , look to Ryan . Ryan be filming it . tangina ( to Dr. lesh ) where be the last incident of '' biolocation '' ? Dr. lesh point to the air just above tangina 's head . tangina I have my strongest feel , the point of origin be inside the child 's closet . upstair . diane ( through tear ) yes . I feel that too . tangina ( to Diane ) now , honey . be you gonna be real strong for I ? for you daughter ? I can do absolutely nothing without you faith in this world and you love for the child . diane I will . believe I , I will . tangina will you do anything I say ? even if it come contrary to you belief as a human bein 's and as a Christian ? diane oh yes . please . tangina ( cupping Diane 's face and bring they eye together ) 110 77 . tangina ( cont would ) then let 's get on we foot and go get you daughter . Diane laugh - cry and rise . tangina start to rise but then realize ... tangina ( brightly ) oh ... I be standin’ . int . live room - later - night 110 close - television console static snow grate again on we nerve . angle - full Diane be in she self - appoint position , the center of the room await notice from tangina barron who check through a lot of item laid out on a tablecloth on the live room floor . tangina ( checklist ) towel , red ribbon handkerchief ... how be the tennis ball come ? Ryan and Dr. lesh be painting number on each of six tennis ball and then carefully signing they name . string hang across the ceiling and to each wall come together in the air six foot above the floor to form a square . Steve run in with several pound of rope sling around he shoulder . steven it 's all I could find . tangina it will do . how 's the bath water doin’ ? steven I shut it off . it 's ready . tangina then I do not see any reason why we should not get start . ( to Diane ) all right , honey . call out to she . 78 . in the low light of the live room , Diane stand in the center like a frighten contestant about to audition a song . she say a prayer under she breath and look skyward . diane Carol Anne ... Carol Anne ... it 's mommy . can you hear I tonight ? tv console - static nothing . diane Carol Anne . can you tell mommy hello ? tv console - static nothing . close - tangina her eye be close and she breathe become irregular . she lick at she dry lip and motion to Diane . tangina try again . diane can you say hello to daddy ? daddy and I miss you so much . so much . we love you so much . can you say hello ? close - tangina shake she head . tangina she 's under restraint ! this news hit like a shock wave . Steve and Diane almost answer at one . steven and diane ( overlap ) she 's what ?! what do you mean ?! who 's restrain she ?! tangina quickly . who be she more afraid of ? you or you husband ? 79 . diane she 's afraid of neither . tangina which one of you do she answer to first ? steven she 's always go to Diane . tangina when she 's naughty , whom do she hide from ? steven she 's a well - behave child . we have raise she with manners and ... tangina ( lose she patience ) look folk , I be not the child abuse squad . I need a quick answer . diane Steve decide the punishment . the child have always know that . steven ( protest ) now wait a minute , Diane . I do not call that fair . I have never laid a hand ... tangina still have she eye close . she motion Steve to come over . tangina fight about it later , meantime get you ass over here . Steve obey . Diane be lose . Dr. lesh have never experience anything like this before . Ryan have he eye to the video tape camera . tangina tell Carol Anne to answer ! Steve be uncomfortable in speak to thin air . he clear he voice . tangina tell she ! 80. steven ( very politely ) honey , it 's daddy . can you hear I ... sweetpea ? tangina cut the crap and call she . loud . steven ( a little louder ) Carol Anne . it 's daddy . tangina again . steven ( a little louder ) it 's daddy , sweetheart . tangina be cross with she . steven why ...? tangina be angry with she or you 's 1ll never see she again ! steven ( quickly , more arouse , harsh ) Carol Anne , this be you father speak . tangina tell she if she do not answer she 's in big trouble . steven answer I right now or you be in real hot water ! tangina tell she she 'il get spanke . steven ( aside to tangina ) we never spank the child . diane ( intervene ) goddamnit , Steven , tell she 81 . steven if you do not answer you parent you be go to get a real spanking . from both of we . tangina swear . swear . steven ( really get into it ) damnit ! damnit ! you hear I ?! carol anne 's voice ( far away from the tv speaker ) mommy , help I ! tangina ( really breathe hard , sweat ) she 's away from he ! diane away from who ... that thing we see ? be she all right ? tangina ( huffing like she 's run ) Diane . be there a light ? diane Carol Anne , do you see the light ? carol anne's voice he 's chase I , mommy ... ( scream ) tangina tell she to run to the light . diane ( look at Dr. lesh ) no ! tangina they will follow she to it . they have be follow she for week . you must tell she what I say ! dr . lesh tell she . go ahead , Diane . 141 112 82. diane run for the light . run as fast as you can ! carol anne 's voice mommy !! be you in the light ? diane no , honey , I be ... tangina tell she you be ! diane it 's a lie !! tangina you can not choose between life and death when we be deal with what be in between . tell she before it 's too late ! diane run to the light , Carol Anne , mommy be in the light ! tangina tell she you be wait for she Diane be now cry out of angry frustration and deceit . diane mommy be in the light wait for you ! ( she wheel on tangina ) i_hate you for this !! tangina Quick , upstairs everyone ! bring everything . int . staircase - upstair - night 111 Dr. lesh , Ryan , Steven and Diane . tangina barron be in the lead , outdistance everyone . int . hallway outside child 's bedroom door - night 112 everybody crowd around . tangina turn to Steve , she breathe coarse with phlegm and wheeze . 113 114 83. tangina open it . he time Steve do not hesitate . he have the key already in he lock and swing open the door . ao int . child 's bedroom - night 113 t be like a storm at sea inside . so much destroy minutia peed through the air it be not unlike a blizzard at night he SOUND be a chorus of moaning ; and raving . ransit . I 's T a vocal asylum from a black place where all soul wait for TI a cacophony of music reverberate throughout . nothing specific , only madness and nonsense . into this wall of noise and torment tangina barron appear . she look around the room , squinting in the low in blow dust and particle . thing , object , plasma globule fly at she . she see ... qt 1 's he closet . the light be there ! it be so bright there be no ook into it without retinal damage . great blue - yellow hard of light spill into the room , define by the thick atmosphere . tangina ( scream to be hear ) ryan ! get downstair and wait by the target ! a heavy section of lamp hurl from the other side of the room right for tangina 's head . just as it reach she it slow down to a winsome '' hover '' and fall to the floor at she foot . tangina ( top of she lung to be hear ) steven ! give I the tennis ball marked number one . int . live room - night 114 Ryan run in and stand under the circle of string . 115 116 117 118 119 84 . int . child 's bedroom - night 115 tangina take the tennis ball and ducking as other object be come at she more aggressively ... throws it into the furnace light of the closet ! int . live room - night 116 Ryan look up . there be a flash and immediately a tennis ball fall from mid-space and land on the floor at he foot . he pick it up and look at the inscription . ryan ( call upstairs ) it 's my handwrite . it come right out of the fuck air ! int . child 's bedroom - night 117 Diane can not believe what be go on . she look back into the blizzard . diane the ball come back ! it 's he handwrite . tangina toss ball # 2 and # 3 together into the closet light . int . live room - night 118 there be a mid air flash as ball number two materialize from thin air and Ryan catch it . as he inspect the signature , there be another light flash and ball number three follow and hit he on the head . int . upstair by the bedroom door - night 119 Diane relay Ryan 's shout ... diane two and three come back ! they come back ! tangina now ! the red ribbon at the CENTER of the rope . hurry ! 120 121 85 . Steve go to work on this . tangina she 's just at the mouth of the corridor . tell her to stop ! tell her not to move into the light ! diane ( with all she heart ) carol anne , listen to I . do not go into the light . stop where you be . turn away from it . don ’t look at it ! tangina where be the rope !? Steve hand it to she . tangina will not wield it . it be too strung out and she be too small . tangina steve , help I with this ! Steve enter the blast furnace of energy and wind and take one end of the rope . tangina throw it into the light ! he throw in the whip hold onto one end . int . live room - night 120 there be another mid flash and the end of rope throw biolcate out from between the string and fall in a pile on the live room rug . Ryan pick up he end and yell back ... ryan got it --! int . child 's bedroom - night 124 tangina and Steve be hold the other end and the red ribbon be very close to the closet entrance . tangina tell he to take up the slack gently . yell when he see the ribbon . 122 123 124 125 86 . tangina be mark inch and foot onto the rope with she lipstick , just to they side of the red ribbon . she nod to Steve . tangina I ’m losing my voice -- shout down to he !! steven take up the slack ! the road of wind inside grow stronger . tangina he didn ’t hear you . steven take up the slack ! int . live room - night 122 Ryan have hear and start to gently take up the slack . when it be taut he be feed the rope one inch at a time . int . child 's bedroom - night 123 the flag be disappear into the vibrant light inside the closet . tangina count off inch as she lipstick calibration click off into the void . int . live room - night 124 the flag appear from the air in the center of the string open . the calibration follow ... ryan ( scream ) it 's through ! it 's through ! int . child 's bedroom - night 125 Diane transfer the information . diane stop -- it 's through ! tangina look at the last calibration . 87 . tangina only thirty - six inches wide , not much room . here , tie this end around my waist . a look of horror cross Diane 's face . diane what do you think you 're do ? tangina I ’m go in after her ! diane she won ’t come to you . let I go . tangina you 's ve never do this before ! diane neither have you ! tangina i_never wanted to ! I still don ’t! Diane step into the room , blast back by two several gust of wind aim specifically at she . Steve have already start to tie the rope around he own waist . he 's decide to go . tangina you can 't . who 's go to hold this end ?! Steve realize it 's true . Diane pull the rope from Steve and secure it around she waist . Steve tie two clove hitches and face he wife . diane ( above the wind ) i_ love you ! steven i_ love you ! they kiss , part , and Steve and tangina get a hold of the end of the rope . Dr. lesh run into the storm and help to hold . 126 127 88. tangina no , no ! go down and help ryan pull , but only when I say so ! only when I say ! Dr. lesh run downstairs and Diane take one look back at Steve . diane don ’t let go , you guy ! steven never ! another angle - closet and diane she move into it ... the light swallow she . tangina watch the calibration and stop feed when the indication be that Diane be in the center of the infinite void . int . live room - night 126 Dr. lesh run around in back of Ryan and take hold of the taut rope . they wait without breathe . int . child 's bedroom - night 127 tangina be back in she trance . sweat bead across she brow , only to be blow into horizontal rivulet by the eighty mile a hour interior wind . steven how will we know if she 's got her ? tangina do not answer ... she start she irregular breathe . steven when will we know ? ( he look back at she ) hey ! tangina ( start to speak ) cross over , child ! you be all welcome . all welcome . go into the light . there be peace and serenity in the light . 130 131 89 . steven ( wildly betrayed ) you say _no !! you say to stay out of the light !! tangina 's trace do not include Steve . she do not hear he . he think she be lead he family into the light and beyond . Steve panic and start to pull the rope back . steven diane ! ! carol anne ! tangina snap out of she trance to find Steve withdraw the rope with all he might . she let out a scream . tangina steven , not yet !! ryan . ryan , pull ! ! Steve give one more tug and a flash of electrical energy explode from the closet . a low growl be hear from the light . the growl hit the lower SOUND register and the entire room shake from its very foundation . int . closet the face of the beast emerge from the closet light . face be the entire length and width of the open . the head emerge , smashing the door frame . Steve freeze at the sight and scream for the first time . he drop the rope and ... int . live room - night 130 Ryan take he cue and pull . dozen of electrical discharge blossom in midair and there be a primal cry . a cry of birth ! ryan and dr . lesh pull the rope . diane , holding carol anne in her arm , explode from the AIR and fall into the CENTER of the live room . int . downstair bathroom - night 131 Steve carry Diane who still hold Carol Anne . both be cry and not aware of they surroundings . 132 133 134 90 . they be cover from head to toe in a jelly substance , pink and red , that ooze down Steve 's leg to the floor leave a trail behind . Steve turn on the water and put Diane and Carol Anne into the tub . Ryan follow he behind with he portable table video equipment . the water quickly turn into a bright pink as the jelly substance dissolves and foment like bubblebath . int . bathroom - tub - night 132 close - steve be crying close - diane 's eye OPEN close - carol anne 's eye OPEN carol anne hi , daddy . diane thank God . oh , thank God . tangina and Dr. lesh lean against the door , exhaust . tangina this house be clean . fade out . fade in : ext . cuesta verde estate , phase one - dusk 133 the title card '' two week later '' fade on then off . int . dine room - the freeling family - dusk 134 the freeling be move . bekins box be stack all around , and pack list lie on the kitchen counter . the entire family have gather in front of a large roast . E. buzz sit by Robbie . they be bow in prayer , hold hand . all bless we , oh Lord , for this thy gift which we be about to receive . steven ... and for bring serenity back to we home . 135 136 91 . robbie rub-a-dub-dub . thanks for the grub . yeah God ! everybody laugh . Diane , with a enormous amount of gray in she hair , reach into she purse , almost as a afterthought and take out a envelope address to the freeling family . diane this come in the mail this morning from tangina . she 's in acapulco . Diane pass a color Polaroid around the table . carol anne who 's that with aunt tangie ? insert - close on snapshot 135 tangina be stand against the sun and surf in a muu muu . beside she be a good-look , normal - size man in he early thirty . if you do not know tangina be a midget you have think the man be nine foot tall . there be write accompany the photo which Diane read . int . dine room - freeling family - dusk 136 diane this photograph just go on to prove that we grow thing bigger in Texas than anywhere else in the world . dana Mom , I be go to the roxy with kirk and Franklin . diane it 's a school night . dana it be not , it 's Friday . diane ( laugh ) right . right , I guess you mother be get old . steven just she hair . 92 . diane ( mock protest ) well I like it . steven I can lend you some of my grecian formula . diane I like my hair like this . it 's very distinguished . Diane finish the letter . diane she want to know how we therapy be come and say there be no better road to a normal life than through the love we have show for each other ... robbie Carol Anne got more sweet potato on she plate . steven you can have second . finish first first . diane ... and think move be a good idea even if the house be clean . you be still see teague tonight , be not you ? steven yeah , he 's come by at nine . we 'il probably go to the club . carol anne ( teasing Robbie ) looky-loo . looky-loo . looky , looky , looky -loo . robbie looky - loo to you too . looky - loo be you - who . looky , looky , looky - loo . dissolve on a chorus of happy teasing : 137 137 - a 138 139 140 93. ext . Pov of freeling driveway - night 137 later through the lace curtain , Steve climb into teague 's bronco and they pull away . int . live room - night 137-a Diane watch he leave and walk up the stair to the upper bedroom . int . upper hallway - night 138 take the pin from she hair , Diane pass Carol Anne and Robbie 's bedroom . the door be close and warm light filter through at the bottom jamb . she listen in , hear nothing and start to turn the knob , but think twice and continue into she bedroom . int . master bedroom - night 139 Diane have do some redecorate in here . the first thing we notice be that the stain be go and the curtain be lace yellow with white for border . the bedspread be a happy sunlit color with smile moon and planet . int . master bathroom - night 140 Diane reach down into the bathtub . close up - drain Diane squeeze the rubber stopper into the drain . close up - hot and cold handle she mix the temperature until we see steam rise from the fill tub . wide angle - bathroom Diane unbutton she shirt . she hang it over the mirror . kick off she sneaker , Diane peel off she sweat sock and unzip she Levi jeans . 141 142 143 94 . int . upstair hallway - night 141 Diane come into the hall in she robe . her hair be pin up for the tub . the bathwater can be hear inside . tying off the robe , Diane return to Carol Anne and Robbie 's room and put she hand on the knob . this be hard for she and will always be . she turn it and the door slide open . Diane stick she head in tentatively . int . child 's bedroom - night 142 diane 's Pov Robbie and Carol Anne be quietly play space invader on they new atari video game . they both turn to see what they mother want . diane just checkin’ up . i’1l be in the tub for a few minute if you 's 1ll get the phone ? robbie sure , Mom . hey , I be win ! carol anne I win the last two battle . robbie yeah and I win the first two . diane play nice or mommy win the war she turn to go and see that the closet light be off . Diane reach into the closet with she hand ... feel for the switch . her hand flail in the dark until it feel something . Diane flinch and pull . the closet light come on and Diane let go of the pull cord . she smile again at she child and leave . int . master bathroom - night 143 angle - diane 's bare feet the robe fall in a bundle around she foot . she step out of it and into the tub . suck in she breath several time as she inch she way into the hot water up to she neck , Diane sigh . she close she eye . the steam rise to the ceiling . 144 145 95 . the tub water gurgle into the overflow drain just under the spigot . Diane take a washrag , throw it by she foot , and use she big toe to clog the overflow drain to stop the annoying sound . angle - floor E . buzz come in and fold he leg up under he nestle into the soft area rug . he close he eye . close - diane she close she eye . her breathe become steady and regular . we hold ... and hold . int . child 's bedroom - night 144 Robbie yawn and climb into he new bed . Carol Anne imitate she older brother and climb into she new bed . the tv game be still on and the tiny white and blue rocket race silently through video space . carol anne ' nite , Robbie . robbie ' nite , Carol Anne . Robbie look over at the new rock chair . the old clown doll be sit there quietly . Robbie take the shirt by he bed and try toss it over the head of the clown doll but he miss . the shirt fall across the arm rest and start the chair rock . Robbie shrug and turn out the light by he bed . only the soft moonlight from the window and the warm light from the partially open closet give any ambient illumination to the room . outside the SOUND of a car pass , the ticking of Carol Anne 's new '' man in the moon '' clock int . bathroom 145 close on E. buzz he be sleep . his eye open . his ear perk up and he raise he head . up angle - diane she be drying herself outside the tub . she look down at she dog and blow he a kiss . 145 - a 146 147 147 - a 147 - B 96 . int . master bedroom 145 - a E. buzz 's tail wag as he follow Diane into the bedroom where she sit in front of she vanity table and take the clip from she hair . int . child 's bedroom - night 146 close - robbie he turn over but can not sleep . he yawn and sit up on one elbow look toward Carol Anne . she be out like a light . Robbie casually look over at the clown in the rock chair the rock chair be empty . int . master bedroom - night 147 dress in she nightgown and robe , Diane comb out she long , silky hair . she throw she head forward so all the hair in the back can cover she face . stroke from the back of she neck , Diane get out all the tangles . satisfied , Diane flip she head straight up so all she hair can fly back around she shoulder . the shiny gray - brown hair fly straight up into the air and upon reach its full height ... it freeze and do not come down . E . buzz turn and run out of the room . diane be looking at herself in the mirror when this happens . in the background , just above the headboard to she bed , 1a@7-a black spot start to spread . like a ink blot it gather speed in all direction send wiggly black vein like a man - of - war over the ceiling and onto the floor . close - diane 's face 147 - B diane be go to faint . her eye start to roll into her head when ... four deep impression collapse she cheek unevenly against she jaw . the leave side of she mouth be press against she front tooth as if someone be attempt to twist she head halfway around the leave shoulder . the stain stop growing and start to breathe , move in and out like the hairy body of a mutant tarantula . close - diane 's face 148 148- a 148-b 148-c 97 . Diane 's lip be press flat against she gum and mushed in counter - clockwise circle , how a kiss might appear if only the receiver be visible . her hair be allow to fall around she shoulder and she struggle away from the force that have hold she . she go straight for the door . it close in her face . Diane turn insanely when she arm be nearly wretch from its socket . she we flung onto she bed right under the spider stain . child 's bedroom - night 148 Robbie , sit up in bed , look all around for the clown doll . he dare even to look on the floor . it be nowhere in sight . Robbie 's breathe quicken . he know where he now must look . after all no child can ever sleep until know the night be in order . lying on he stomach , Robbie slowly lower himself head first to the floor of he bed , in preparation to look under it . he very , very carefully lift the dust ruffle and let the top of he head touch the rug . Robbie be upside - down as he look into the darkness under he bed . under robbie 's bed 148 - a the clown be there , face to face with he , smile sardonically . in the split second it take for a child to draw a breath and let it out through the vocal chord , the clown doll wrap its five foot extension arm four time around Robbie 's neck cut off half he air wide - high angle 148-b struggle now for he life ... Robbie be drag inexorably under he own bed and out of sight . close - carol anne 148- C waking up suddenly . a light interior breeze ruffle she hair . Carol Anne see the closet the closet grow brighter . 149 150 98. int . master bedroom - night 149 Diane let out a chill scream . her robe be tear away from she nightgown and hurl into the air . Diane try to get up but a pressure upon she chest defeat she best effort . close - diane's breast the nightgown be suddenly tear away revealing she breast . they be knead and flatten . hulk finger impression can be see sink deeply into she . Diane 's hysteria do not make any difference . now she leg be spread apart and a great pressure over she pelvic bone crush she deeper and deeper into the mattress over and over again . Diane be fight all this time when everything suddenly stop . she be leave for dead , on the wet , sweat - stain sheet . then ... it begin again , but this time ... Diane be pull to she foot . stand tiptoe above the pillow she be dragge up the wall and onto the ceiling . in defiance of every known law of physics . Diane be drag across the mandible of the spider stain and onto the ceiling . there she be slam repeatedly , she rear end pound the ceiling , she back arched , she head tear back from she shoulder , hold invisibly by the hair . without a breather , she be then pull across and down the opposite wall . Diane be just as quickly release . she drop onto the floor . like jello be she leg . Diane struggle crawl off the bed to the door , reach , strain to open it . mercifully '' it '' let she get out . she bellows she child 's name . diane carol anne ! robbie ! get out of here ! run ! run !! int . upstair hallway - night 150 close - doorjam to master bedroom from beneath the door of Diane 's room a rush of ectoplamic smoke snake ahead of she , cut she off from she child 's room . there , it form a eerie blockade and begin to manifest . 151 152 153 99 . Diane look up into the face that form and the hand that reach out to she and see the beginning of the '' great beast '' . she retreat on she rear end backwards down the hall , pursue by the phantom twister . int . staircase to the live room - night 151 Diane roll down the carpete staircase and grapples for she foot as she head down toward the back door . ext . back yard - night 152 it be raining and Diane be instantly soak as she back up look at the house scream . diane steve ! anyone !! help I ! Diane 's foot lose she foot in the mud and she fall into the shallow end of the unfinish swim pool , slide all the way down the wet mud to the puddle in the deep end . the pool light come on . backlight the rain and Diane 's flopping action as she regains she balance be the quagmire . then , a gushing bubble explode next to she in the mud . she stare at it as a second bubble burst revealing within it the leathery face of a corpse , in its burial clothes , rise like a weed straight out of the gush mud . Diane scream and back into another face who 's mouth stretch open revealing tiny wire jaw clamp that make pop sound like a jew 's harp . with a terrible slurp , the top of a metal coffin push out of the mud , its lid hinge open , toss bone and dirt and burial jewelry all over Diane . int . child 's bedroom - night 153 close - carol anne she be scream wildly . a white hot light erase she feature as she once again fight the phantom wind that begin to suck the room toward the closet . close - robbie wrestling on the floor with the clown . he tear the stuff from its middle , shred bit of white cotton fly at terrifying speed toward the closet open . 153 - a 154 100 . close - the closet 153 - a the closet be become a live , terrifying organism as bit of flesh grow like moss along the square off door frame . fatty tissue form , vein escape into the soft pink skin until we be look into a live mouth , all gim and blind light and at the very back , a pale yellow esophagus that spiral to abysmal depth . ext . back yard - night 154 some sort of seismic upheaval be force dead thing up from the ground in even great number . Diane be climb up the steep , slick incline toward the metal ladder at the shallow end . with every couple of step to safety , she slip back in the rain , turn back to see the black tie crowd that await she . Diane turn back reach out she hand to dig in deeper when ... another hand grab hers . Diane shriek and look into the face of Ben tuthill from next door . tuthill look at that ! look at that !! look in you pool , my God !! Mrs. tuthill run over in she night clothes . mrs . tuthill you child . listen . what sort of sound be that ? ethereally , the scream from Carol Anne and Robbie sound almost angelic in the rain . diane i_have to get they out ! ! she pull away from tuthill and race back inside the house . Ben start to follow but then Mrs. tuthill stop he . mrs . tuthill do not go in there ! do not ever go in there ! 155 156 157 101 . int . staircase to upper hallway - night 155 Diane hit the staircase and race up . the door to the child 's room be shut and ultra-bright light be stream from under the jamb . Diane open it and be immediately suck in . int . child 's bedroom - night 156 Robbie and Carol Anne hold onto they bedpost with all they might . everything be loose and circulate the room a full revolution before surrender to the closet and bottomless pit . Diane scream to she child . diane take my hand , robbie -- ! Robbie reach out with he one hand and Diane try to work she way against the rip to get into position . she look at the closet . the closet it suck harder and Robbie and Carol Anne 's bed start to move toward the hot pink open . Diane lurch the final inch and grab Robbie 's little wrist with both hand . diane take you sister' hand , robbie . take_it ! Robbie reach for Carol Anne , who reach out to Robbie . they be but inch apart . angle - closet one last powerful inhale and the two bed shoot out from under the child just as Robbie grab he sister 's hand and Diane pull they from the room . int . staircase - night 157 Diane drag she child down the stair and toward the front door . the staircase be roll as in a earthquake , knock they off balance and onto the landing face down . Diane see the front door through a sudden cut over she leave eye . she lead the child to it slow in motion as a phenomenally intense headwind try to prevent they escape . 158 159 160 161 162 163 164 102 . ext . freeling house - wide angle - night 158 the rain have stop . teague 's bronco pull up to the driveway of the freeling home . Steve get out , see the house in turmoil , and run to the front door . teague get out of the car , he eye afloat int . entryway - night 159 Diane finally reach the front door . she throw it open and be about to step out when ... ext . angle on front step - night 160 the front step crack OPEN , and suddenly something explode . one ornate casket rise up out of the ground sending a geyser of dirt and splinter into the house , showering diane , the kide , and steve who have just rounded the front of the house . int . entryway - night 161 Diane pick up Carol Anne and she and Robbie run toward the kitchen . ext . front yard - night 162 Steve turn and be knock off he foot by a explode casket . Bones , mud , and decaye flesh spill over he . int . kitchen - night 163 as the family run for the side door , the kitchen tile bulge horrifically , split open with a moan and two casket shoot into the clean eat area , lid blow off and rotten rotting corpse reach out at Diane as they pitch forward . as they reach the door , the kitchen wall explode with the impact of the beast . ext . front yard - night 164 Steve claw he way up out of bone and flesh and run to the front of the garage . 165 166 167 168 169 170 171 103 . ext . freeling 's house - front yard 165 dana step out of a car with two young man and stand with she mouth agape . ext . freeling driveway 166 Steve look back at the house then at teague . steven you move the cemetery ! but you leave the body do not you ! you son - of -a-bitch ! you leave the body and only move the headstone ! ! ext . Pov freeling house 167 every window in the house blow outward with bright flash in every room . ext . freeling house - side - night 168 Diane , carry Carol Anne , and Robbie come run from the back yard . two coffin pop up in they path . they dodge the cascade body and scramble towards the station wagon . ext . freeling driveway 169 Steve jump behind the wheel as the rest of the family pile into the car . he throw the car in reverse just as a coffin blast through the garage door in front of they . ext . platano drive - night 170 the station wagon roar back , crash into teague 's bronco shove it into the street . Steve gun the car forward past teague who stare after they . ext . freeling sidewalk - night 171 on teague he turn as a coffin launch out of the lawn rip up wire and cable and cause electrical short and flash all around it . 172 173 174 175 176 104 . it fly open and a hideous corpse lurch across the sidewalk at teague . he fall backwards into a hole , the corpse landing on top of he . teague try to scream but only night breath gush out . ext . STREET in front of tuthill 's house - night 172 as the freeling car pass the house , a coffin explode from under tuthill 's W knock it out into the street . Steve swerve but cannot avoid hit the W , cause it to spin on it 's top . Steve fight for control of the car . ext . platano drive - freeling car - night 173 the car continue past a fire hydrant . another casket burst out of the ground , send mud and water 30 foot into the air . Steve slam on the brake , stop inch from the coffin and mud that block they path . Steve jump out to clear the path . a incredible noise blast forth from down the street . he turn ... ext . freeling home - wide angle - night 174 steve’s Pov the child 's window be glow with a almost radioactive intensity . the entire hose start to suck inward , implode at a angle that suggest that the closet be consume everything in its lust and anger . ext . freeling home - wide angle - night 175 close - steve he be stunne by what he see . ext . house - night 176 a concussion of such awesome power blows all shingle off the roof and a cloud of thin blue ectoplasm , like finger and arm reaching upward , escape like a GREEN comet to the heavens . 177 178 179 180 181 182 105 . ext . freeling sidewalk - night 177 close - teague dripping mud and putrefy flesh he look up at the house . the implode house create a whirlwind around he . teague stumble backward , but can not lock away power of the house . ext . house - wide angle - night 178 steve’s Pov the entire freeling house be totally consumed by a area in space fourteen feet from the foundation that be once the closet . ext . freeling car - night 179 Water rain down on Steve from the break hydrant . he jump back in the car , back up , and drive through the coffin and mud that be block they exit ext . platano drive - high angle - night 180 the street be in chaos . neighbor be stream from they house , car careen out of driveway . a gas main be break . Water shoot high in the air from the break hydrant . coffins and corpse lie everywhere . the freeling car turn a distant corner and disappear . int . moving car - the family - night 181 everything be hysteria in here . we can not make out what be be say . the rain lash at the windshield and Steve try to see out . ext . STREET in front of car - low angle - night 182 the street crack wide open and a old wooden coffin be launch upward . it come crash down onto the hood of the station wagon . a hideously deform carcass stare crazily through the rain and wind at Steve . scream well up inside . Steve throw the car into reverse . 183 184 185 186 187 106 . ext . STREET behind car - low angle - night 183 the ground open up trapping the car on a narrow island . five coffin rise to block it ... a body fall into the open rear tailgate window and among the family . Steve plow right into the coffin , flatten they and use they as a wooden bridge to cross the chasm . int . back of moving car - night 184 on robbie - corpse no longer be Robbie afraid . he 's fight mad and take the dead remain , fling they out the back window as the car head out of town . ext . road sign in the rain - night 185 '' you be now leave beautiful cuesta Verde estate '' . Steve 's oldsmobile station wagon shoot past this point , its tail - light diminish into the vanish point . dissolve to : ext . holiday inn sign - night 186 there be a mist in the air as camera move to the sign angle - room 237 - night camera slowly move into the door and number . int . room 237 - night 187 the freeling , dana , Robbie , Steve , and Diane be asleep , on two bed still in the clothes we last see they wear . it be very quiet except for the snore . the nightmare have end . camera pan around the room to Carol Anne who be the only family member not sleep . Carol Anne be fiddling with the rca vistacolor television try to get it to work . pop . it come on . the room be bath in cold blue tv light and we hear the last few bar of the National anthem . 107 . camera push past the sleep freeling to a view over Carol Anne 's shoulder . the anthem end and the station manager identify the station , signifies the megahertz and sign off the morning . the camera push past carol anne 's head until the tv be full screen . there be a moment of visual station id -- but only a moment . flash ! everything turn to white static snow . fade out . the end