popeye . screenplay by jule feiffer basea on the comic strip by e.c. segar ROBERT evan first draft paramount picture Corporation be popeye SOUND : popeye music fade in : title shot from the max fleischer animated popeye ; the foredeck of a ship fogu sing on twin door lead below deck . the door ely open . popeye credit flash on between door , the door fly shut , then open again . move in on open doorway through which we see not a cartoon but ext . sweethaven wharf - day dusk on a hazy summer day , the haze so thick that the bleach wharf bleed almost invisibly into the calm , shimmer sea , what we can see of the wharf ( which {s not much : a pile or two , barrel , crate , a wheal of trope ) be crude , old and season . the set here , as everywhere in the film , { 3 simple . uncartoony , but pare down to plain , no -nonsensa bara bone , camera move through doorway bt shot ~ looking out to sea SOUND : foghorn , loud and mute , under which we hear a rowboat , its oarlogks rattling , approaching from a distance . the single occupant of the rowboat , barely discernible in the baza , can be heard singing a song which grow louder and mora audible as he loom more clearly into view . popeye ( S ing ) I be popeye the sailor man , I be popeye the sailor man ... etc , cred its camera move in on edge of wharf SOUND : the rowboat arrive , bang against a pile , a man climb the pile to the wharf . throughout , he have be muttering to himself . popeye ( 0.8. mutter while tie up boat ) L di not see no sweethaven onna chart . whera 's I chart ? oh yeah . first L go here . ten degree starboard here . anudder 20 degree starboard here . forty degree port . nasty Bend ! not no sweethaven , this should be nasty Bend . li never make navagravational error , ( more ) 2 . contd popeye ( contd ) whera 's I udder chart ? SOUND : chart unflapping , crackling popeye ( 0.8. mutter ) now I 'w over here but I wuz aver dere a ! dem I sail over dis way -- a shipping chart creep over the edge of the plier . popeye ( 0,8. mutter ) oh , now I understand , I mistake be ~ - ~ uow where be I mistake ? T have it a second ago . it get away . oh , it 's up dere . SOUND : popeye climbing the ladder to the wharf . 5 over the side of the wharf appear a hand , then a forearm . the forearm be swollen to extraordinary size , one enormous misplace muscle , on it a tattoo of a anchor , the forearm stay in place . no further movement of any kind . popeye ( 0.8 , mutter ) oh , here it be right here . nasty Bend . except it be not , it 's sweethaven . they change th' name o' the town on I be wot they do , thassa good one on I . ( chuckle ) suddenly over the edge of the pier pop popeye : a mashed ~ in face , one eye in a permanent squint , a corncob pipe jamme into he kisser , he bound cnto the dock , angle on popeye over one shoulder he carry a rope . he give the topea a tug and begin haul in all thea paraphenalia he have attach to the rope . slither onto the dock come a duffel bag , a Sea chest , a barrel stuff «ith junk , a bedroll - - and finally , with one last jerk -- the boat itself , 3 . cconrm popeye ( mutter ) oh , tha 's a mistake . idi not mean t' do that . he drop the boat back into the sea , SOUND : a Lou splash popeye ( chuckle , mutter ) blow I down ! pull it righe onta th ! - dock , I do . be 7 do not watch myself I cud pulla plug outta th ! sea an’ sufracate alla fish ant sharka a ' ubale a ' octopussy , an! 7 love fish a ! whale , I do not love shark a ! cetopussia , but nat be not no reason cf sufracate ‘em , 1 better watch wot I be doin ' or [ ' 11 sufracate alla aminala inna Sea . ab ( chuckle ) ' at 's a good one , as he talk to himself , popeye stack he Sea chest , bedrol ) againgt 4 pile and hoist he duffel bag ov shoulder . barrel and er he ' camera move with popeye : a3 he start walk toward we , into the town , popeye ( start to sing ) . } I be popeye the sallor man , L be .. , , shct - 3 ehind popeye - what he sees : out of the haze pu€=puts a tiny motor scooter . on it , a tall , thin man in graustarkian uniform , weariag a top hac . this be the tax - man . attach to the handlebar of hia tax - man you just dock ? 6 . popeye and tax - man popeye o> I have . tak - man that will be a 25 - cent dock - tax . where 's you geacraft ? popeye it be not a seacraff , it 's a rowboat and it 's under da wharf . - tax - man . ( make note ) uh-huh , uh-huh . ( indicate popeye 's paraphenalia ) you goods ? popeye they be . tax -man ( click tongue , make note ) you be new in town , right ? eo~ ( popeye nod ) well , I be go to give you a break because you be new in town , first of all , thera 's a l7 - cent New -in - town tax , a 45 - cant rowboat ~ under - the - wharf tax , and a dollar leave ~ you -junk -lying - around - the - dock tax . all together you owe the commodore a dollar 87 , bue L be go to give you a lo - percent discounc , which bring it down to a dollar 59 , which with the addition of the s-percent tax Discount tax , bring you tax debe to the commodore to a dollar 77 , popeye the gommodore ? tax - man be that in tha nature of a question ? there 's a nickel question - tax ... popeye perget it . he hand the tax - man a couple of bill . % tax - man exact chang , please , I be a exact ~ change tax -man . popeye scowl , dig into he pants and drop a number of coin into the donation cup , mutter throughout . popeye ( mutter ) dis tax , that tax , can not - ax - no-questiong - tax . woe 's 'a worl ' comin’ to ? ( to the tax - man ) nat be not a questiong I wuz axin ' ya . nat wuz a questiong I wuz axin ' meself . i do not have t' pay tax on a questiong I axe meself , do I ? he glare at the tax - man , then start to walk off . the tax - man stare after he suspiciously . 7 . camera move with popeye a walk toward we , with the tax - man racede into background , tax - man ( shout ) you be not up to to good , be you ? because if you be , there 's a 50 - cent up-to-ne - good tax . cur to : 8 . tracking shot - popeye's walk through town make up of small cape cod cottage and shanties , house meeting at clash angle and perspective , widow 's walk , fisherman 's net hang over the railing . popeye mutter to himself as he walk , popeye ( mutter ) quiec Little town . not too big . not too small . not too pretty . noc too ugly . remind I o' 40 , 50 udder town , mainly fishtail . cud be fishtail where I have I fight to da finich wit' softie googan , Three hundred pound a! glop . '' . like smackin ' foam rubber , we might still be eightin ' excep ' softie fall asleep ouna third day . Nice swab , softie , but no stayin 's power . 10 . li. shot - mother and child in front of a small grocery , stare at popeye as he advance down the cobblestone street . popeye hello , missus . hello , Little girl . the mother grab she child and flee inside the store , slamm shut the glass door and pull down the shade . popeye do not break stride . pofeye ( mucter ) ya don ' wanta say " hello , " don ! say " hello . " 1 kin understan ' not wantin ! t' say '' hello '' to somebody to who ya be not introdooched . they cud be a crook or a wiseguy . I feelin 's be not hurt . merchant ' Pov '' four or five merchant , they back to we , huddle together in front of they shop , watch popeye approach . some wear straw boater , other wear apron . they shrink into the shadow on popaya 's advance . popeye ( mutter ) gettin 's dark . gotta find I a nice , clean roomin’ house . I will ax dase genul 'men. , nat middle one remind I o' short sock halberstam , who go 26 roun 's wit’ I in secaucus . near drown in he own sweat . following popeye he approach the merchant and wave in a friendly fashion . popeye podd and I , genul 'man . 1 yam lookin ! fer -- the merchant separate at the sound of he voice aud flee inside they store , slamm door , roll down shade , unwind awning , all very fast . il . 12 . contd popeye ( mutter ) I guesa they get a sundd rush o! bigness . they can not help a Stranger when they get a rush o' bizness . ( pause ) phooey ! ( sing ) sus pishikua , everybody ia suspishikus , no one trust anyone . why be that ? meself , I yam never suapishilus , I trust life . L trust meself , i trust people no udder swaba trust . 1 will tall ya why , becuz it 's easier to trust than to be sugpishikus , each time that popeye sing the word " sus pishikusa , " he execute something on the order of a little hop-skip-slide dance step that . he rapeat at the start of avery dance throughout the film . '' throughout he song , popeye continue he walk down the cobblestone main street , pass merchant who slam they door in he face and woman who flee down alley with they child . a great , gray mongrel , sniff at a overturn garbage can , growl at popaye aad he pass , popeye ( interrupt bis song ) hieya , little doggia , cute little doggie . the dog attack , hardly break stride , popaye swoops the snarling dog up in he free hand . popeye ya do not wanna bite I , doggie , I yam a frien ' to all aminal , [ yam a frien ! to doggy all over th ' worl 's , the dog clawa the air , try to get at he . angle on dilapidated shanty with brightly lit window popeye approach the shanty , walk with the dog. in he hand . popeye , i cannot play wit’ ya no more , doggie . he observe the shanty . 12 , 13 . 14 , be . contd popeye pink curting . this look like a nica home fer ya , doggie . he drop tha dog through tha open window of the shanty , tracking shot ~ pofeye walk toward we , the shanty recede in distance , popeye ( resume sing '' sua pishikua " ) behind he , a unholy howling , follow by loud cry and scream six terrify figure come bound , tumble , scramble out of the door and window of the shanty , run for dear life , the wild barking dog follow close behind . a pofeye be pov he approach a ominous , gray , barnlike structure , a large , crudely ~ lettere sign front it that say : the gashouse gang athletic club and health spa , the wall of the structure tremble ever so slightly , SOUND : Inside , a monumental brawl be go on . thud , groans , furniture smashing . a window break and a figure come fly through , land on the pavement , raise dust , leap to he foot , brushes himself off and dash back inte the clubhouse , angle on clubhouse ag popeye walk by the fight come to a sudden halt . head in silhouette pop up at window on all three level . the head speak in growled whisper , first head New guy in town . second head what 's he after ? third head E will beat the truth out of he . ee 15 . 16 , i i t . 1 uw. 18 , contd first head you beat the truth out of the last Stranger . it 's my turn . second head phooey , it 's you turn ! it 's my turn , third head phocay on both of you ! angle on popeye walk toward we , away from the clubhouse , popeye ( mutter ) sound lika a nice bunch o’ feller . tf L wuz not in such a hurry I bat 1 cud make a lotta new frien' , the fight and wall - tremble resume . SOUND : fisticuff , breaking furniture popeye ( resume sing " sus pishikus " ) angle on geezil' sidewalk eating emporium a outdoor food stand on wheel , with addition mount in every direction so that it resemble a invert pyramid . over all stands a large , stripe umbrella . geezil , a bearded Russian dress in black serga , except for he white chef 's cap , view popeye 's approach with grave suspicion . popeye and geezil popeye a bunch o' carrot . geezil gravely shake he head to . popeye you be not get carrot ? at 10 CA 18. conm D geezil pooey on carrot . take broccoli . popeye I yam inna mood fer carrot , geezil pooay on carrot . ' take spinach . geeril hold up a can of spinach . popeye glaras at the - : spinach can . popeye I yam inna mood fer carrot . he start to walk off . q geezil @ so why do not he say so ? ( hold out a bunch of carrot ) for you it 's a dollar . | popeye how much issa broccoli ? geezil a nickel , maybe a dime . popeye how much issa spinach ? geezil a dime , maybe a quarter . popeye + so how coma I carrot issa dollar ? geezil you buy what I do not feel like sell , it cost a dollar , popeye toss geazil a coin . geezil hey , deadbeat , this be a nickel ! con popeye I pay wot [ I feel like payin’ , 20 . il full shot ~ olive 's STREET a row of Wood =frame board house on a cobblestone atreat , all rather tim -down . ag popeye approach from the distanca , each house in turn have its vacancy sign disappear from the window , teplace by a ho - vacancy sign , tracking shor ~ follow popeye popfeye I guess they musta just fill up , I guesa this one have just fill up too , I guess there must be a convenshink in town , ( with grow irritation ) well , gnat to you ! I and dis gusti pate wit ! ya sus pishikocity ! one houge remain on the streec , as small as the other but in considerably bettar shape . its vacancy sign ig still in the window , popeye mount the porch and knock on the front door , a 12 2i . angle on door it be open by mineral oyl , a short , obviously bouncy woman in she late 5as , popeye you get a room fer renk ? min for what ? popeye fer renk . tf ya be not get a room fer renk , how come ya get a sign up nat say ya get a room fer renk ? hin oh , my star and garden ! o£ course ! come in } my mind be a million mile avay - — she usher he into a narrow , wallpaper hallway lead toa staircase behind , and a room off to she right . - popeye I name be popeye a 's I yam a strangerker mr '' in trown a ! I do not know how long I will be here becuz I yam lookin ' - - he be interrupt by the agitate appearance of olive oyl , who come rush out of the sit room on minute 's right , discard a ridieulous - look jacket , she have other jacket on underneath . qlive be taller than popeye and slender , olive i'm sorry , mother , it 's ugly . it 's so ugly . look ac it , I ask you , have you ever see anything go ugly ? 22 , olive olive I will not be engage in this jacket ! she dump it on the staircase and examine herself in the hall mirror , she shake she head . olive Ugly . there 's nothing leave to say except ugly , what do you think ? no 23 , 24 , 25 . 13 olive , min and popeye min I think it 's up to you , dear . olive ( to popeye ) what do you think ? popeye ya want I honisk opinion ? she cip off tha jacket , revealing another jacket . underneath . olive it 's ugly ! I think it 's a conspiracy . olive olive why would they manufacture deliberate ugliness unless they want I to look ugly ? and why do they want I to look ugly ? because they hate I ! and why do they hate I ? she size herself up in this next jacket and begin to glower . olive ica not get engage . that 's all . olive , min and popeye olive you will have to tell bluto~= I can not tell he -- we have to cancel the party tomorrow night . it 's not my fault that it 's ugly . in 's so ugly ! she turna to popeye . olive what be you do listen in on a private conversation between I and my mother ? I have a good mind to have my father call a policeman . 26 . 27 . 28 . 14 popeye and olive popeye I think 'at one 's okay . olive ( stop ) okay ? popeye yes . it 's pretty okay . olive mother ? ' min min té Mr. popeye think it 's okay , and you think it 's okay , L think it 's parfect . shot - hallway with staircase leading upstair olive ( suspicious ) who be he ? min we new boarder , Mr. popeye . this be my grow daughter , olive . and I be mineral oyl , she mother . gastor oyl come run down the stair : short , thickset , full of energy . castor and I be she brother , castor . he grab popeye 's hand and shake it . popeye popeye , gastor castor oyl . gt 29 , 30 , be . camera move with castor down hallway to door castor lova to talk to you . can not stop ! Big deal go on the - ~ he run we . SOUND : the door slam on he word olive and popeye olive rip off the jacket , olive ( to popeye ) you be lying . popeye ( shrug ) . L thought it be okay . olive I may not be much to look at , but this be my home . popeye I be not argumentapatatative . olive you be not what ? she turn to she mother , olive mother , throw he out ! my min oh , my star and garbage ! dinner be past on ! and nothing 's ready ! olive , try to show Mr. popeye he room . thoroughly flustered , she look at she hand . min where do [ get enough hand ? she start off . 15 g 16 31 . contd min Mr. wimpy will kill I . she hustle down the hallway , out of sight through a swinging door , 32 , climbing stairway ~ camera move with pofeye and olive olive * I do not sea why I have to do anything on the day before my engagement party when nothing be ready , especially I , what kind of name ia that , popeya ? popeye I name be I name an’ if ya do not like ite -+ olive - ( interrupt ) prt ty. strange ! 33 , tracking shol ~ popeye and olive om the second floor , pleasantly cramped , the hallway paper . popeye yer nama be olive ? olive so what ? popeye olive -- oy 1 ? 's olive draw herself up . olive l'll show you the room . she stride ahead of popeye , stop , turn , and look at he . olive what 's wrong with it ? popeye nuttin’ . of h 33 . 34 , contd 7 she stare at he for a long moment . olive this be the room . she make no move to open the door . olive you be short , gr be you just pass yoursalf off as short ? popeye gud [ sea I roon ? qlive as if I care , she fling the door open on a small , comfortable room . the door bang so hard against the wall a pictura falis to the floor . qlive glare at popeye . olive . now , really ! popeye's bedroom small , low ceiling and cozy , a big , soft single bed with a brass head , and footrest . olive walk to the window . olive you pick up a lot of noise from the street . roughhouse 's Cafe be on the corner . there 's a lot of late night and early morning carouse . you get too much light in the morning . she struggle to lowar the blind . they come off they bracket . olive well , you can always close the curtain . she try to draw the lace curtain , which be a little too high aver she head , they rip and come down . she shuc she eye in a attempt to regain she temper . popeye dump he duffel bag on thea bed . fopeyte tt 's a real nice room . ~? 34 , contd 18 olive careful how you treat the bed ! it ee my ul belong to castor 's namesake ( castor le , who be castaway in the Caspian . nothing go on this bed ! she swing the duffel bag off the bed onto a wicker chair which collapse under its weight . she glare at popeye . olive see what you almust do to the bed ? she swing it viciously onto a small sofa whose leg buckle . olive now look ! will you please do something with this ? she dump it on the floor with such force that the rest of the 7 picture fall off the wall , and the china and glass trinket on the dressar and end table fall over , popeye save a lamp from fall off the end table . olive watch that lamp , for pity 's sake ! olive charge popeye , stand with the lamp , trip across the bed in a effort to get to the lamp , catch she foot in the brass bed frame , tip the foot out with fury enough to separate the frame from the bed , the bed collapse with such force that the two top drawer fall out of the dresser . olive rise from the shamble , the dregs of she dignity more or less intact . olive this home be my parent 's castle . whoever you really be , I will thank you to take care of it . she slam out . the door bounce open . popeye close it and the knob come off in he hand . he survey the wreck of a bedroom . popeye ( sing last chorus of " sus pishikus " ) cur tq : 35 . i ) int . live room - night around the oval - shape dinner table sit castor oyl , he father cod liver , and they border , popeye , geezil , and J , wellington wimpy , wimpy be a portly , bland -seem man , with sleapy eye and a sedentary manner , minute and olive burst busily in and we of the kitchen , serve . the talk around the table be noisy , fast , overlap . castor i could have mada a fortune on the deal if bluto would have let I go directly to the commodore , but he 's $ 0 jealous of I , that bluto - - min who would not be ? cop I : I be not jealous of castor ! he 's my go . a man jealous of he own son ? you awa I a apology . min i do not mean you , wimpy the commodore be the paragon of sagacity . if I can ever put in a good word -~ geezil shaddup be the word . pass be another word , pass ! that wimpy , he do not pag . gould a person stand it ? min ( to popeye ) have you meet Mr. wimpy , Mr. popeye ? Mr , popeye , Mr. geezil , my husband gad liver qyl . you have meet castor . we be one big happy family , although not teally , mean Mr. wimpy and ux. geezil -- cob I be family . min well , you be my husband . 35 . contd cop you owe I a apology , oliva storm out of the kitchen . olive lca not £ind anything . . min what be you look for , olive ? olive a glass ! min here 's a glass , olive that 's a short , fat , ugly glass . I wane a tall , pretty , slender glass . min they be all break . castor I could make a fortune in fish future , but I would have to dip into capital . geezil Fish future smell . min do you want a water glass ? or a wine glass ? a brandy glass ? olive not a thing . li do not want a thing . peace of mind . [ I want a fork . min right by you plate . lf it be a knife it would cut you . olive iwant a knife . why do not I have a knife ? and a nice dress ! cop you owe I a apology . 20 35 . 21 contd popeye , please pass the fish . the fish platter be pass around until it come to wimpy , who take another portion and set the platter down in front of he . wimpy . the sardinian moose , miss oyl . man 's best friend . more loyal than the dog , more cuddly than the cat , more gullible than the goat , more marriageabla than the male . before matrimony L would urge you to try the sardinian moose , olive mother , ha 's pick on I . min you must not talk olive out of she engagement , Mr. wimpy . Three time bitten , four time shy . olive ( reproachful ) he can not talk I out of anything . I be not a child . castor guffaw . castor t'li say you 'ze not a child . min ( to popeye , low ) what IL mean when I say three time bitten , four time shy , Mr. popeye , be olive 's be almost engage three time . tomorrow will be the fourth . olive have be simmer over castor 's remark . olive who gay I be not a child ? castor you gaid you be not a child , and I agree with you . that 's who . gh 22 35 . conrd olive who ask you to agree with I ? castor nobedy can stop I from agree with you if I want to . olive L can . castor who gay ? olive ' I say ! cm quarreling at my table ! you beth ave I a apology . oliva and castor turn away , eat , ' co nebedy understand manners anymore , the way I be bring up , ( to popaye ) whera wera you bring up ? popeye . Seattle , satchkatoon , Salt Lake , Santa monica ~ ~ cop ( interrupt ) well , {t have the be vary different from where lt be bring up . if you know what it mean . nobody ever know what I : . mean . he notice popeye 's empty plate . can do not you like Mrs. oyl 's cooking ? popeye I would like t' £ind out , wl11 you pass I the ongyin ? 35 . contd the onion ara pass around until they get to wimpy ... off a large portion and sat the platter down in front min well , what to do ? I do not know . Captain bluto have the patienca of job . or be that job ? he 's get a very good job . and need a lot of patience ! why , he run this town for the commodore , while he 's away -- and the commodore 's always away -- as a matter of fact , L have never see he . have you , cod ? cop ( to popeye ) well , ££ you do not come fron here , what be you do here ? popeye it 's a long story . fer sevink year — castor tl would not let any girl break ny engagement . I would break she nose before I let she break we engagement . you would better never try that on mar , olive do not be stupid . I can not gee engage to you . you be my brother , castor because I will not put up with ic . I be go pushover . wimpy I be once engage to a Queen of the Nile . she become ill and die intestate , I throw myself on she pyre , ruin my new white suit . iwas arrest for shabbiness and trespasp and be send into exile . geezil could you stand such lie ? fly in my soup , that wimpy . can { to popeye ) you be a friend of bluto 's ? you come for the engagement party ? 23 he shovel of he , a 24 os 35 . contd popeye no , I come lockin ' far - ~ castor I 'va be engage to six beautiful woman . four of they famous heart - breaker . if I mention name you would faint dead away . they never get over I . dump ‘em before they dump you be my motto , min ( of olive ) stop fidget go . olive this knife do not cut . min take mine . olive ere . we never have have a sharp knife in-this . house . not since I be a little girl . wv cm you owe I a apology . i£ you do not like we knife , blute 's rich , he can buy you plenty of knife , olive turn away from cad . olive ic 's not the knife . the chair 's too low to cut , , min . take my chair , olive why do I always have to take somebody else 's chair ? why can not I have my own good chair ? anyhow , it 's the table , not the chair , wimpy please pass whatever 's leave . he help himself to more food , £ oa 35 . ccontd 36 . 25 olive T hate this table , everybody hate this table . I be the only ona with nerve enough to tell the truth about it . castor ask bluto , the pushover , to buy you a new tabla ! olive blueo , bluto , bluto ! everyone depend on my poor bluto . get a new knife ! a new chair ! now they want a table ! bluto have enough responsibility . he 's a very responsible and hard - work and wonderful and talented man and li want you to stop pick on he . that 's why I always have to break off we engagement . to stop you all from take advantage of the sweetest , - most decent man on tha face of the earth . - cop you owa we a apology . popeye please pass tha potaty . oliva glare at popaye . olive anyhow , it 's the potato . that 's what 's wroug around here . her eye burn into popeye 's , move in on popeye , sit quietly , stare straight ahead , he plate empty . " soup : glinking silverware and plate , chewing , grunt of pleasure . int . popeye's bedroom popeye unpack , prom he duffel bag he : remove a cardboard - frame empty picture . 26 ef 37 . close on the picture underneath the empty frame a scrawle label : " I poppa , " popeye hello , poppa . soon you a ' I , we will be togedder , after 40 year . jus ' stay alive , will ya , poppa ? ' at 's all L ax . 38 . angle on the rogh popeye rights the break end table next to the collapse bed and place the picture on it . he proceed to fix up the room , popeye ' ( S ing ) . L know the trut ' in I bone . I know right from wrong in I bone . [ know good from bad in I bone . I imowa honesky from dishonesky in I bone . I know smart from stupid in I bone . a ! IL know in I bone that after sevink year o! searchin 's I will find ya , poppa . lwill find ya in swee'haven , poppa . at 39 . roughhouse be cafe - day a sizable , sleazy waterfront diner jamme with the dregs of the dockside seat at table and at the counter . shot - short-order cook in the kitchen flipping a hamburger of£ the griddle and onto a plate , short ~- order cook , Burger special , well do ! he slam it on the service counter where it be sweep up by roughhouse , a burly ex-sailor in a chef 's cap . camera move with roughhouse as he slam the hamburger onto the counter in front of a tough - look sailor . wimpy appear behind the sailor , . wimpy L be afraid there 's be a mistake . 27 39 . contd the sailor turn on he stool to look at wimpy . sailor what mistake ? wimpy do you order a hamburger ? satlor . yes , I order a hamburger . and this be it . my hamburger . what I order . he start to pick up the hamburger . wimpy slip he band under the sailor 's and place it elat on the bun . . wimpy I beg to disagree with you , this be not a hamburger . l L be a expert in this matter , ty sailor this be not a hamburger ? wimpy no , it be a raisinburger , roughhouse , this man order a hamburger . wimpy slip the plate off the counter . wimpy hl do not worry , sir , I will take , responsibility , roughhouse that be a hamburger . the sailor grab the plate back from wimpy . wimpy I beg to differ , lt be a raisinburger , if I 'va ever see ~ ~ he lift the bun off the meat patty . wimpy ha ! as I charge ! see , a raisin ! sailor I hate raisin . see here , I order a hamburger ! '' 39 . ccontd roughhouse Te be a hamburger , wimpy , you be daffy ! 28 wimpy lift the meat patty off the bun and bring it up to he mouth . wimpy be this a raisin I see before mar ? roughhouse that 's not a raisin ! that 's 100 ~ percent part beef ! wimpy nibble at the burger . wimpy charcoal raisin . no doubt about . ik . sailor hey , that 's my raisinburger you be eat . wimpy proprietor , one genuine hamburger for the gentleman . I be buy . sailor ( placate ) gee , thanks , mister . roughhous & who 's pay ? wimpy I be buy . he 's pay . sailor listen you , I be not pay - ~ you be eat my vaisinburger , wimpy someone have to . sailor say , who do you think you be ? wimpy Jones , I be one of the Jones boy . ts orn 39 , 40 . 3 41 , contd 29 the tax - man intrude , he tax can in hand . tax man that 's a nickel hamburger ~ tax . wimpy ( to sallor ) . . E would refuse to pay lé L be you . he hand he the empty plate and walk away . wimpy 4 shocking abuse of power , camera move with tax - man from table to table , make he collection . ha come to three 2 tough ~ look sailor , tax - han seven-cent table-tax . they pay up , grumble , the tax - man move to the next table ; four rough ~ look sailor , tax ~ man seven-cant table-tax . they pay up . he move to the next table : popeye be sit alone . tax - man seven-cent table-tax . pofeye ( grumble ) Nice to see ya . where ya be keepin ' yaself ? tax '' han and a additional three - cent sarcasm ~ tax . that will be ten cent , please . popeye pay up , grumble . the tax - man leave . tight shot UN pofeye at he table he sit nurging a root beer , lovuke preoccupy , clasped hand appear across from he , bur it be a notice that he be not alone . his head jerk up . a pair of chubby moment before he 42 , 43. 30 popeye's Pov : wimpy wimpy my friend , we be both in luck . you be in luck because you look in need of a friendly ear . I be in luck because I be in need of a hamburger , for which such L will rent you a friendly ear , popeye ( snorta ) wimpy one hamburger will buy you a friendly ear for 15 minute , two hamburger will buy you a friendly ear for a half hour . 1 be ' also available on a subscription basis by the month . popeye and wimpy a3 popeya stare at wimpy for a long time . he do not answar . wimpy you drive a hard bargain . to prove the value of my listen ( because many apeak well but so few imow how to listen ) , I will throw in , at no extra charge , a gratis five minute of sample listen . he take a stopwatch from he inside pocket and click the start button , wimpy my attention be fix . you may proceed , straighten he posture , wimpy stare at popeya with great concentration . but popeye say nothing , simply sip at he rooc beer , think " disguscipate " thought about a man who ask to be pay to listen . wimpy wilt under this formidable lack of response . he make every effort to keep he eye glue on popeye , but he body soon begin co twitch in nervous fit . he shift in he seat , cross and uncross he leg , laca and unlace he finger . finally , he rise to flee . 45 . 46 . al angle on wimpy walking away behind he , popeye cement to he table . popeye I poppa . wimpy whirl , a relieved expression on hig face , and run back to the table . he stand over popeye . wimpy do you say , you poppa ? popeye i yam lovkin ' fer I poppa . , gratefully , wimpy sink into he chair and focus he entire be on popeye . popfeye and wimpy wimpy wait what seem like a eternit y for popeye to open he mouth again . popeye I yam searchin' the sevink seas -- he stop , stare at wimpy . say no more . wimpy ( encourage ) you be search the seven seas , yes , yes ? popeye il yam , fer I poppa . who [ be not see since I wuz two , three sailor at the next table - there Pov they back to we , they attention center on popeye and wimpy . they lean forward and crane they neck , listen hard . popeye I yai not gonna cast no aspershikin . he rum off . I wuz a infink o' two a ! he cun off on I , I own poppa . 47 . 48 , 49 . 5a. sl . 32 popeye and wimpy popeye become aware that he be be listen in on . he turn . and glaras at the sailor , they pull in they neck : and ignore popeye 's glare . the three sailor first sailor I think it look like rain . second sailor I think it look lika rain , too , third sailor ' oh , yes . I can tell from I game lag . definitely rain . popeye and wimpy popeye turn he glare from the sailor and look back on wimpy . pofeye i yam a very tolerink man except when I hold a grudge , an’ L didn ' blink L would ever forgive I poppa but sevink year ago I ship cut on th ' merchant , gloomy Gus , a ' we broka up off guam in a typhloan -- SOUND : three chair loudly creak popeye turn around , the three sailor lean forward , breathe in every word . angle on popeye and the three sailor he glare they into straighten up , return to they drink and food , first sailor tf it do not snow . second sailor tt will definitely rain if it do not snow . third sallor . or both . it could do both . 52 , 53. '' 54 . 33 popeye and wimpy popeye turn back to wimpy . popeye so 's twas alone at sea on a raft , 45 day out , widdout food er Water but fer a coupla shark a ' seagull [ catch . a ' rainwater . an’ I pot a visitashikin a ! the visitashikin tol ' I that I poppa wuz alive , an’ 33 year of a grudge be enough ; otherwise it pizen th! system . so 's ever since th ! day I get rescue be loukin ' to tell I poppa that L forgive he . SOUND : creaking chair , dozen of they , popeye turn from wimpy and look around , full shot of cafe = at every table customer lean forward , heada crane , intently tune in tu popeye 's story . popeye take it all in , then rise . he shout , popeye i'm on'y afeared he'll be dead by th ! time I find ' IM a ' it will be too late fer ' IM t' know wot a fine ficger oo ! 4 orphink L growed up into widdout one whit uf he help wotsomuchasever . he shout even louder . fopeye duz anyone wanna make anyt 'ing we o! ir ? ' he turn back and glare down at wimpy . shot ~ popeye and wimpy wimpy a fascinating story , I would say engross . fascinating and engross . I would say spellbind . spellbind , angross and fascinating . t+ 54 . 55 . 56 . 34 contd he look up at popeye , wait for a reaction , popeye reach into he pocket and take out a handful of coin , popeye ya listen real good , [ be not one t! turn I back onna frien ' , even lf L gotta buy ‘im . he hand wimpy the coin , wimpy greedily accept , at one and the same time clasp popeye 's hand , thus sealing they friendship . following wimpy ag he rush , coin crush in he hand , to the lunch counter , + he pass the table with the three sailor close on three sailor first sailor yes , I would say it look like snow . second sailor oh , L hope it do not snow , third sallor I too , [ I hope it do not snow because [ could gat lose in the snow , first sailor yes , aud if ~ get lose in the snow L cuuld a't find I daddy . second sailor and I want I daddy . third sallor I want I daddy , three sailor ( in chorus ) I want I daddy ! first sailor dada , second sailor daddy . third sailor dada . 56 . 57 . 59 . 35 contd the three sailor play patty - cake to the rhythm of " dada , daddy . " other customer pound table and stamp there feet to the rhythm of " dada , daddy . " to the background of " dada , daddy , " the three sailor break into a vigorous and parodic dance , mimick baby puse and baby action of all sort : bawling , slapping , clap , tumble , leaping inte and out of each other 's arma . they end up on they lmee at popeye 's foot , hugging , claw the air , crying " dada . " popeye stand over they , very grave . angle on popeye and sailor pofeye one t'ing I get be a sense o' humor . I : e'n laugh at mesel£ . he emit a short , humorless bark of a lauch . popeye anudder t'ing I get be a sense of humiligration . so I yam axing ya swab fer a apologiky . as the three sailor look at each other in amused astonishment . they start laughing , rise to they foot , tower over popeye , laughing . laugh down into he face , raucously , insultingly . popeye standa stiff , unflinch , do a slow burn . lunch counter - wimpy wimpy nibble fastidiously at a giant hamburger . SOUND : three rapid - FIRE thud , as loud as thunder clap , follcwed by the clatter of breaking furniture , wimpy whirl about on he stool , hold tight to he hamburger . what he sees ~ camera pan beginning at one corner of the cafe , where the first sailor lie unconscious atop a table , he head in a bowl of spaghetti , the two uccupant of the table stare , stunne . pan tq a second corner where the second sailor lies unconscious , contort between the rung of a break chair and the leg of a break table . pan to the kitchen where the third sailor 's foot stick owe of a giant pot sit on the stove , near the stove the tax - man look on , make note , 60 . 61 . 62. 63. 64 , 65 . 36 follow tax -man out of the kitchen , across the cafe , pass patron at table stare goggle - eye at popeye . the tax - man arrive at popeye , who stand calmly , rub he fist against he palm . : tax - man Three with one blow . l'll have to look that up . he take out a small tax directory that hang on a atring from he upper tunic pocker , , tax - man you be in luck . there 's a special on that . $ 3.50 please , , with the entire cafe look on , popeye rummages through he pocket , painstakingly extract money : a dollar from one pocket , coin from another , another dollar from a third . whatever he coma up with he lay on the table . ab popeye and tax - man pofeye 3,50 , follow pofeye popeye walk the length of roughhouge 's and out the door , all eye be on he ; no one stir at the various table , ext . roughhouse's cafe - day popeye walk out the door , the angry dog appear we of nowhere and immediately start barking at he , camera nove with popeye away from the cafe , a second barking deg join the first . they follow popeye down the street , snarling they protest , ext . sweethaven ~ rird n's - eye - night a view of gable rooftop , lamp - light street , along the street , come out of door , walk down stoops , from all direction come a assemblay : of totnspeople in dress befit they profession and station in life 66 . 67 . 68 , 37 the oyl ' STREET - long shut straggle in twos and three , the party guest make they Way toward the oyl household . night mist add a glow to the aire SOUND : foghorn int . oyl ' household ~ front hallway minute stand in the door welcome she guest as they arrive . the crowd , mostly middlenage , be quickly make out : merchant and they wife , seamen and thelr wife , longshoremen and they wife . they stream in past minute , who take they hat and coat , talk be fast , overlap . ! min be not it exciting ? woman guest 2 L be excited . male guest where 's the bar ? second woman guest there 's mabel . 1 min be not you ? L know I be . second male guest T never think he would have the nerve to show he face again . min cod 's excited too . castor 's excited , olive will be excited too as soon as she get here , '' in disappear under the layer of cuat . only the top of she head be visible , live . room guest mingle , joust with one another in the crowded space . posture and expression be formal , stiff , convey extreme guardedness beneath a sucial surface . cobbler do you see the stranger in town ? 38 why we town ? do you think bluto imow [ do not talk to he ? maybe my tax will g9 down . what do you think ? castor thia would be a rotten party if bluto be not pay for it , even 80 , the roof leak . wimpy twill gladly pay my rent on Thursday for 's a hamburger today . he pick a hamburger off a pass platter that cod carry through . sae se grezil - that wimpy . ha 's fly in my soup . 69 . follow cop carry he platter , , min { at door , to cod} he 's come ! cob who 's come ? min wko do you think 's come ? cop . ( fed up ) lf T koew who 's come I would not ask who 's come ! prr cee a 70 . 7b 39 - 40 ext . the oyl ' OPEN doorway fill by bluto be massive back , stand behind he , lose in he shadow but nonetheless jiggling h 1s coin box , be the tax - man . bluto my party ! int . hallway bluto enter '' @ giant of a man , ugly , hug minute . bearded and barrel - chest , bluto , mother ! he 74 , os 75 . al contd he hug and shake cod 's hand . bluto Father ! he lift castor off he foot . bluto Little brother ! grocer hey , you see the new guy in town , bluto ? I do not give he the time of day . t tax - man ( to grocer ) five cent . blute puta castor down in the grocer 's ama . gE follcw bluto 1s he walk into the welcoming throng , trail by the tax - man . he be surround by obsequicus guest struggle to get close , reach vut t> shake hand , to touch he , to get he to turn they way in recoynitien , the tax - man circulate among they jiggling he cup , annuunce penalty . plumber hi , bluta ! tak - man five cent . bluto ( grin ) hey : cobbler wi , it 's I , it 's I , it 's I , bluto ! bluto ( grin ) hey ! tax - man Seven cent , 75 . 42 conid plumber' wife stop stand in front of I so bluto can see I , blueo ( grin ) hey ! tax-man ten cent , plumber' wife that 's not fair . tax - man , twenty cent . bluto ( grin ) . hey ! butcher I shut my door in the new guy in town 's face , bluto . tax - man four cent , bluto ( grin ) hey ! buicher ( to tax - man ) iwo not pay ; it 's unfair . bluto and butcher bluto ( at butcher ) arrgh ! butcher iwill pay . here , here . you want more ? . -o , he rif les he pocket . bluto grab the butcher by the nape of he neck and pull he toward he . ay i / 76 . 77 . 79 , contd bluto hey , you think I be go to masacree you ? buicher oh no , bluto , I would not think ~ = bluto hey , this be qlive and L 's engagement party , would I masacree anybody at olive and I 's engagement party ? angle on live room the entire party turn silent . bluto leok around the reom , gay boo , bluto I know what you be gonna say , bluio and castor bluio you be go to say , what should stop I from masacree you= ~ ne turn to guest , who cower , bluto or you - ~ he turn to another guest , who cower , bluto '' or you - ~ 43 no one i inte nil 80 . bl . 82 , 83 , a4 . 85 . coontd he turn to a third guest , who cower , bluto wcat this particular engagement party because at olive and [ '' last engagement party I masacree bubblenose and noodleneck do not I , bubblenose and noodleneck ? shot - bubblenose bubblenose right , bluto , you sure do , right , wow ! shot - noodleneck nood leneck you masacree we good ! yeah ! angle on bluto bluto and olive break off che engagement . and at olive and I 's engagement party before that , L masacree Ham gravy . where 's Ham ? shot - ham ham here , bluco . l'm ’here . you sure pop my light and dent my fender , l'll say , boy ! angle on bluto bluto and olive break off that engagement . and the one before that . where 's Gus , corky , cracker and Zilch ? shot - gus gus some party that be , bluto . et 4 86 . 87 . 88. 89 . 90 . ol . 92 . 45 shot ~ corky corky I only get out of the hospital three week ago , so I miss the last two party . shot - gracker cracker fun , let I tell you ! shot ~ ziich zilch my ear still hurt where you bit it of£ , angle on bluto in crowd a surround by party guest bluto but this time I be not gonna give she the chance to break off tha engagement . I learn my lesson . bubblenose , noodleneck , Ham , Gus , corky , cracker and Zilch , go home ! he suddenly explode into a rage . bluto what ? you be still here ? why be you guy always try to wreck my party ? L will not forget you swab in a hurry ! follow the seven men as they break from different part of the room aad run for they life out the door . the hallway one by one , they rush by minute , they grab the first coat they can get they mitt on and fling themselves out the door . ext , STREET the seven man stumble down the step y scatter , run and trip in different direction . a ) 93. oa , 95 . 46 int . live room bluto turn to survey the remain of the party . a broad smile crease he ugly face . everyone shrink . bluto we be safe . ext , the dock ~ night long shot of olive , dress in a topcoat , buttone tight , as if to hide she , back down the street with a suitcase in each hand . tracking shot , olive , as she move cautiously backward , she eye fix on where she have just be . she be startle ( as be we ) when she back into # man hide in shadow , seat atop a barrel . the man be popeye , and he do not budge a inch , = olive ( scream ) . you scared the wit out of I ! popeye doff he cap in a silent greeting . olive what right do you have to lurk here in the dark in the middle of the night and scare the wit out of a person ? he look at she for the first time . popeye how 's the party ? olive that 's a dumb question . where do you think L be head right this minute ? popeye out o! cown , olive I be not head out of town ! do not you see which direction I be face ? 95 . 47 contd popeye yas , I yam purty dumb becuz I though 't ya wuz goin 's inna direkershin ya wuz goin 's instead o' th ' direkershin ya wuz facin ' , ya need help wit ' yer bag ? olive no . she put down a bag . popeye hop off the barrel and pick it up . olive thank you , she stare at he , not know what come next . pofeye which way ? she just stare at he . popeye start off , lead away from she hotisa . olive no , that 's the wrong way . popeye start back toward she house . olive no , that 's the wrong way . popeye put she bag down and wait , shot - olive olive ( point ) I want to go -- ( she think , then point ) that way . she stop , think , point in another direction , sing , olive I want to go that way ; no , I want to go that way ; nu , [ wane to go that vay ; no ... she point on all possible direction , include up , as she sing a song about indecision and doubt in every area of she life as symbolize by she inability to choose a direction , ' S 97 . 97 . 98. 99 . loo , 48 angle on tax -man on he motor scooter , he drive up behind olive . tax -man and olive tax - man that will be a so0 - cent cause - a~ Public - disturbance -s laging - out -loud tax . olive turn and be recognize . the tax - man throw she a one - £ingered tip-of - the- cap salute . tax - man oh , sorry , miss qyl . do not recognize ; you from behind , lt will not happen again . angle widen to include popeye ay the tax - man start to back vf£ and notice popeye , tax man ( to popeye ) that '1l be a s0 -cent listen tax . grumbling , popeye dig into he pocket and pay up . popeye how come she do not pay ? popeye and tax - man tax - man tenrcents additional - ~ question tax . popeye do not budge . the tax - man look at he suspiciously . tax - man i'll lot you off this time because you be with miss oyl . he take off on he scooter . follow tax -man tax - man do not think you can make a fool out of the tax - man ! '' yy lol , 102 . 49 popeye and olive popeye stare at she for a long time , then pick up she suitcase . olive look increasingly defensive . olive I do not know what you be talk about . popeye be not talkin’ . olive then I do not know what you be look about , follow they as they start walk down the street . olive be quite uncomfortable . olive = you think everyone pay tax but I and my family . do not you ? well , you could not be more wrong . popaye say nothing . olive you think it 's because I be engage to bluto and bluto run the town for the gommodore , go we get special favor , well , it 's a lie . popeye say nothing . qlive stop , stare at he , abruptly start in the opposite direction . olive let 's go this way . '' popeya follow along with she suitcase . olive t£ you meew the first thing about I , it 's that I hate special fayor , you would not accuse I if you know I , bue you do not know I . a good thing too , she stop , stare at he , then again alter direction , olive this way . 102 , 103 . contd popeye follow . olive bluto 's kind and generous and like to do thing for he love one . and you want I to hurt he feeling . well , phooey on you . you do not even think enough o£ I or my family to be at my engagement party . she stop , stare at he , popeye put down the suitcase . olive alter direction again . olive this way . she start walk off , but this time popeye do not follow . she walk a Little way , turn , see he not follow and return . olive '' what be you do ? popeye waitin ' . , olive there 's not a thing here . popeye I poppa 's here . olive well , I can not wait around any long . anyhow , there be too many guest as it be . and half of they L hate . what time will he be here ? ' popeye do not ansuer , olive wait , put down she suitcase . they buth wait in the dark , the two dog come from around the corner . they begin to growl , int . o¥l live room - the party angle on bluto , very solemn , seat on the couch surround by party guest , very , very jumpy but try hard to hide it . buicher this be fun . he look at bluceo . everyone look at bluto. , no reaction . 3 ios . 52 - 53 ext . dock STREET - night popeye and olive stand and wait as before . the dog be on top of they now , snarling and barking . popeye lean over , pick up a stick and throw it . the dog run out of the frame after the stick , barking and snarling . olive L have get to go home now , she shuffles back and forth , indecisively . popeye 40 year , I £iggere it 's becuz he wuz lookin ' fer I an’ wit ! he lookin 's a ! I lookin' , we miss each udder . so now ' one of we wait a ' one of we look . the dog return ; one of they carry a old sneaker , the other a floor lamp with a shade . popeyz last year I wait in Singapore . the year befure I wait in honolulu . popeye throw the sneaker . the dog run off , barking and snarling . popeye the year before that I wait in pago-pago . olive be interested in he story now , olive you mean you just go anywhere and you wait ? pupeye neds , qlive look around . olive well , lca n'te - TI mean - - 0h , okay , l'l1 give he 15 more minute . they wait in silence . the dog return , snarling . this time one dog carry a blue bundle and the other carry a crease business ~ size envelope . on 103 . 104 . 105 . 106 , 107 . contd gobbler sure be , sl he force a smile at he wife . she look as if she 's about to cry . a long pause , as everyone check bluto for a reaction . ha in he chair . everyone reflexively duck , except ... shot - wimpy eat gingerly . wimpy the apex . the extreme apex . angle on bluto and castor bluto arghh ! he put he fist through the wall . castor ha , ha , bluto . what a kidder , angle widen to include min min adorable , he 's pretend he 's get mad . castor Boy , be that bluto a good pretender , cop listen , bluto 's a good anything . angle on cod and min min good ? he 's the best anything in the world ! cod and minute sing " bluto , " a nerve-wrack , vaudeville song ~ number , celebrate the excellent character of they almost shift ay and - dance '' son-in - law , anxiously , castor join in . after the first chorus , the rest of the frighten party guest join in . bluto , who merely sit and glower production number revolve around of i ) lll , 112 , 113. ila . 54 angle on popeye as he pick up the bundle , about to throw it for the dog to retrieve . the bundle scream . SOUND : baby scream popeye and bundle popeye examine the bundle , poke a open in the blanket . revealed be the round , red face of a cry year - old infant . popeye blow I down ! olive ( 0.8. , read ) " to the one - eye sailor : I must trust someone with my baby until I free myself of certain financial obligation which - will take 25 year or so - - " olive and Doc she be read the note . the rip -open envelope still lie in the dog 's snarling mouth . olive '' swat which time L shall reclaim he , in the meantime , this $ 15 should help defray you cost ... , " she exhibit three five 's in she hand . olive " Love he as only a mother could . " angle widen to include popeye she hand the note and money to popeye . popeye ( read ) sign , " a mudder . " he look up at olive , stunne , popeye I yam flabbergastipate ! ~ 115 . 116 . 117 . 118. close on popeye he be deeply perturb , deeply move . popeye I yam a mudder , olive and popeye as if in a trance , popeye hand olive the baby , angle on tax -man zoom through the night mise toward they , folluw tax - man to where popeye stand . without slow he scooter , he grab thee money out of popeye 's numbe finger . tax - man Fifteen dollar child - abandonment tax . stay on popeye , a numbe husk , as the tax - man , he back to we , ride off on he scooter , recede into the darken distance . the dog follow , snarling and yipping at he tire , ext . olive's STREET fopeye and olive walk toward olive 's house , they entire bear inform we that they be victim of a unimaginable happen . ulive carry the baby . popeye ( numb ) l'll take in . olive silently hand he the bundle . SOUND ; contented baby gurgle they walk a dozen step more , olive ( munb ) I 'tly take it . on ii9 , 120 . l21. 122 , 123. 56 contd popeye pass she the baby . SOUND : discontented baby gurcle they be fast approach the qyl home . angle on the oyl house the window brightly light . Inside we catch a glimpse of a party as still as a wake , SOUND ( from within ) : occasional nervous cough , nervous giggle popeye and olive come into frame , 20 foot away . popeye ( numb ) I will take it . - popeye and olive she pass he the baby , who , sick and tired of all this uncertainty , begin to squaml . SOUND : baby crying popeye and olive be poy - the oyl front door ' in reaction to the baby 's cry , the front door fly open . bluto fill the door frame . the rest of the party line up behind he , poke head out on all side , bluto' pov he glare down the front step at olive , stand as one with a stranger and a baby , bluto ( a low , ominous roar begin to build deep in he vital ) before the roar can erupt , olive take command . olive who do you think you be , bluco ? do £ ( more ) 123 , e 124 , 125 . 126 . 127 . 127a , 128 , contd olive ( contd ) ask you for apecial favor ? no ! everyone in this town get tax but I and my family ! how do you think that look ? you be a cruel and thoughtless kind and gentle brute . lwill never marry you until you stop treat I so unfairly ! olive and popeye she grab the baby out of popeye 's hand . olive anyhow , I can not become a bride because 1 have just become a mother . olive , popeye and bluto they back to thea camera , olive and popeye stare up at bluto , in the doorway . he seem to grow in pan - what bluto sees : from olive to the baby to popeye angle on doorway and front step 57 - oo frame size as he switch glare , bluto unwind a long arm which collar popeye , lift he bodily and float he up to the doorway . shot ~ popeye and bluto popeye ( to bluto , unperturb ) it 's a logiwockal misunderstandakin' . bluto uncork a punch , popeye sail through the air . SOUND : bluio' blow follow popeye as he smashes into a park car , split it asunder , somersault across the street , crash through a picket fence and the front of a neighbor 's house , roll like a hoop through the room '' all into the bedroom , where he end up lie between couple in nightcap . popeye sit up , unhurt , and turn to terrify couple . clapboard live a elderly the 58 6 . 128 . conid popeye it 's I policy never t' interkafere wit ! lover 's squarrel . 129 . angle on STREET - modified bird ' S - eye bluta stalk off , he back to we , leave a avenue of mayhem . Party guest lia about like extras in Atlanta in go with the wind . they hang from the top of lamp post , drape over the reof of car and fire hydrant , ara pillory in twisted street sign , area deposit in garbage : can , only olive stand upright , clutching the baby to har bosom , crying oui after the depart bluto , olive apologiza ! as 130 , int . popeye's room ~ day shot - baby in old - fashioned wooden cradle olive and popeye 's voice be hear 0.8. popeye he 's amilin ' ac I . olive Shea 's not amile , it 's gas , popeye my baby be not go no gas ; he 's perfeck . 131 . angle on olive , popeye , and baby popeye bagina to diaper the baby . olive you be do it wrong . here , lat I . she try to take over , but popeye push she hand aside . - 131 . contd 59 popeye avaat . olive ( miffed ) watch it , you will hurt she . popeye her be a he . what do you know about diaper ? yer a landlubber . olive ; I be a girl . pofeye a ' I yam he mudder . sailor be experiangst in ali sort of -- see , he 's pointin ' 's at mar . 1 bet he 's get a 1.q , about half a milliong . oliva , feel increasingly leave out , bend over , she faca close to the baby . olive cootchie-coo . popeye Don 's talk baby - talk aroun ! I son . he ig goin ' to be a man-infink , noc a baby=infink . olive you be bat ! popeye it yam wot I yam . at 13l . 132 . 133. 134 , 60 ccontd olive and you know what that be ? she give he the bird . follow olive storming out of the room , with popeye , fussing over the baby , frame in the background . she slam the door on the intimate tablaau . angle on baby he start to cry . popeye reach in and lift he out of the ¢rib . fopeye Nice baby . cootchie . cootchie . ' ya want a lullaby ? izzat wot ya want ? cootchie . gootchie ? ya liddel swee 'pea , cootchie ? as he sing a lullaby , " mudder " : what luck itt be to own a " mudder 's who will comfort you and teach you and be with you through hard and good time ~ - and how some peuple never bad the luck to have a udder " or , for that matter , a " padder " either - - but popeye will be ' " mudder " and " fadder " and help he with he homework and beat up he enemy and take he over the seven seas and no une will ever desert this baby . ext . waterfront ~ day in close foreground , a four-masted bark , black , crust and ugly . bluta 's ship , the vile body , walk toward it on they morning stroll be olive and popeye , wheeling the baby in he carriage . music : " mudder " theme olive sueepea ? ( she snort ) that 's the worst name for a baby I have ever hear , popeye , I find ' im in swee 'haven so he be I swce ' pea a ' that 's the name he will answer to till he 's a hunnert . on 135 . " 136 . 61 follow they dn profile , as they walk past the vile body . olive you do not hold the carriage right . popeye ehold it right fer sweepea a ' I , olive you do not know what you 'ra do . she look on enviously . olive it 's my turn to wheel he . popaye ignore she . olive popeye . popeye's and olive's pov they be be approach by a dowdy mother with six raffish child in tow , one be a infant that she carry over she shouldar , popeye ( to mother ) hey , misaus , whaddya do when he get pain in he tummy after eatin' ? 7 mother I hold he and pat he like this . popeye izzat so ? ' at 's all there be to it ? thank ye. li learn something ' , on 137 . 138 , 62 follow olive and popeye walk with carriage . popeye pick sveepea out of the carriage and begin patting he on the back . . popeye very valreble inframation . olive it 's my turn to hold he . popeye ha jest have he bottle . olive last time you say L could not hold he - before he bottle , ' popeye tha 's right . ya can not hol 's ' im befer er after he bottle , at olive you mean I can not hold he ever ! fopeye it find ' im , I yam he mudder . an! on 'y lhol 'ts tim , olive the dog find he . by rights , the dog be he mother ! in the course of they quarrel they pass a old wreck of a houseboat , pile with junk and cover over with unddemn asign . hold on houseboat in foreground . olive and popeye walk off into the distance . int . popeye's room - night nusic : " mudder " theme popeye sit with sweepea in he lap , the child be asleep , popeye | ( mus ing ) ' ' ~~an ' purty soon you will gu to school a ' bust some bigger kid inna mush a ' go to sea a ' meet a dame a ' get marry a ' be a poppa wit ? gray hair a ' get ol 's and die a 's l'll be all alone again , mudderhood be not no bed o' nusegay , 139 , 140 , 14h , 142. 144 , 63 int . hallway olive , in a nightgown , stand outside popeye 's door , she silenely open it and tiptoe in . , follow olive as she tiptoe over to popeye , now fast asleep in he chair , the sleep baby in he lap . olive pluck sweepea out of he arm and tiptoe into she room . olive's room she sing she oun version of " mother . " the baby purr occasionally and sleep on , ext . oyl house - day will ~ gastor approach he hume and observe the tax - man supervise a pair of burly workmen detach the front step from the house and carting it away , castor you can not -- " ait -- what be you do ? tax - man back tax , int , minus kitchen minute stand at the stove covk . two other worimen enter , pick up the stove and walk off with lt . follow min follow the stove out the kitchen , down the hallway . min what be you do ? the tax - man appear in the live room doorsay , tax - man back tax . of o. > 145 , 146 , 147 , 148. '' a dirge in which they review the hopelessness of they plight . 64 follow tax - nan into live room where two other workmen lift up the sofa that cod sit in read he news paper . cop what ? wait ! whac ?! tax -man back tax . ext . oyl ' STREET a procession of workmen carting on many little cart a stove , a refrigerator , a sofa , table , chair , bed ~ -- and geezil in the 7 '' bathtub . geezil fly in my soup ! ah camera pull back bluto stand in foreground , a pleased smirk on he kisser . bluto ( under he breath ) I get my rights . int . bare live room , oyl house God and minute clutch each other , cod and min ( sing ) worry , worry , worry , how do they recover they possession ? where do they find the money to pay they tax and keep they head above water ? castor pace to and for , ina fit , kick the bare wall , mutter inaudible imprecation . wimpy sidle up to he . under they exchange , castor 's and minute 's dirge continue , wimpy there be a vay . castor which way ? 148 , lay . 150 . contd wimpy no. t's too monstrous , castor t'll take monstrous . wimpy out of the question . it 's suicide . castor t'll take suicide , wimpy tonight I referee the card at the arena . fifty dollar i£ you last one round -- castor last ? I be strong . i'll win . who do I fight ? wimpy put he arm around castor 's shoulder . with imry I be only try to help . unaware of the plot afoot , cod and minute sing on . cod and min worty . worry , worry . shot - poster on arena fence text : he honor , the commodore , challenge you tu last one round with oxblood oxnekr , the dirtiest fighter alive , $ 50 to all comer . under the sign , a photograph of a vicious~ - look brute . pull back to full shot of circus -style tent 65 wimpy , he arm around castor , guide he through che open . SOUND : crowd roar a on isl , 152 , 153. 154 , 155 . 66 int . olive's 200 , empty olive sit on the bare eloor , crumpled paper all around she . she write on a pad in she lap as sweepea gurgle in a bassinet nearby . olive ( sing ) dear commodore : I be write to tell you ... she crumple the paper , start towrite again . olive ( S ing ) dear commodore : a terrible fate hes befallen ug ... she crumple the paper , start to write , turn to sweepea . olive oh , sweepea , will £ ever get this latter - write ? shot - sweepea he sputter he lip loudly . ~ olive and sweepea olive do not say that ! will have never get out of this mess ? shot - sweepea sweepea purse he lip and emit a shrill whistle , angle on room olive well , that 's becter . popeye stick he head in the door . popeyte tf yer writin’ a story , L get a coupla geod one . 67 cr iss . conrd olive L be try to write a letter to the commadore , pofeye he will not do auttin' . olive why , he 's a great man , he 's rich , he own everything ! popeye ah , potaty salad ! ten year , nobody 's seed this famousk commydore . [ t'ink t bluto et he . olive this can not be the only town he own , you * know . he have many responsibility , if he have any idea how disgustingly bluto be taxing we ... she look glumly down at she pad , then , in a burst of temper , throw C ; she pen acruss the room , - olive why be it so easy to talk English and 30 impossible to write it down ? - popeye ( S ings} " englich . " 4 word - mangle song in which he give he guideline about write , which be really a metaphor for the way he govern he entire life , that be : to be simple , direct , plainspoken , honest , true and true blue , his problem be that the more he theorize , the more complicated , convolute , twisted and tongue-twist he song become . olive join in , correct he , try to straighten he out . the two get hopelessly snag in word trap and odd - sound combination . olive finally rip she pad to piece in a fit of temper . olive nothing could possibly get worse ! sueepea emit a surill whistle , olive e ( chagrine ) Te will ? 156 , 157 . 158 , 159 . 160 . 68 shot - popeye amaze , stare goggle - eye at sweepea . angle on door God burst in . cop to the arena ! to the arena ! olive what ...? minute 's head appear in doorway behind cod 's , min terrible ! so terrible ! to the arena ! to the arena ! ae popeye . wot 's happen ? cod and nin to the arena : to the arena ! ext . the arena - night SOUND : crowd roar wimpy ( 0.8. from the ring ) 19 , 20 , 21 , 22 , 23 , 24 ... from out of the tent stagger a behemoth of a man , he arm in a sling , he face a rat 's nest of bruise , follow he as he stumble across the open lot on which the arena stand , towards he , but still im the distance , come popeye , olive carry sweepea , and cod and minute , run . angle on popeye , olive , cod and min ~ they stop , aghast at the sight 's of the batter fighter . 160 . 16l. 162 , 69 ccontd min castor ! she start to run . the other follow . follow they as they approach the tent entrance , SOUND : crowd roar wimpy ( 0.8. from the ring ) 14 , 15 , 16 , 17 ... . from out of the entrance , stumbling and fall , limp a even great behemoth . olive shriek and clutches sweepea close . the . , behemoth meet thair shocked gaze . behemoth tt hurt . he stagger on past they as they turn and look after he , min god! castor ... cop ( sheet - white ) I be not worried , wimey ( 0.8 . ) 13 , 19 , 40 , loo ... they wheel about . what they see come toward they , out of the scream crowd , rolis a wheelchair . on ft , swathed in bandage from head to toe , recline castor . olive do not look ! she cover she own and sweepea 's eye . cod and minute clutch and sob , they trail meekly behind castor ' 's wheelchair . next to olive , popeye stands , rigid as a hunt dog , stare straight ahead at the ring . 162 , 163. 164 , 165 . 70 contd pofeye dis look like fun . SOUND : the bell the ring - wimpy stands at the ring mike , wimpy : , flety . dollar to lase one round with oxblood oxhett , the dirtiest fighter alive ! be there any other worthy , fatality ? SOUND : a hum goe through the crowd we angle on crowd and popeye the crowd buz , craning neck as popeye stride down the center scream . to get a look ac the next sucker , aisle . olive dash after he , olive no , popeye ! popeye turn and stare at she , popeye I want I fun , he start to climb into the ring . angle on wimpy at the Far side of the ving , lean casually on the rope , talking to a fan . woipy hello Bill , how 's the Little woman ? let 's you and I have a duck dinner next week . you bring the duck . behind he , poyeye clivb into the ring . the crowd roar at wimpy and polut , wimpy lethargically turn , see popeye , wimpy surely aot . 166. 167 . 7 popeye and wimpy wimpy do you know what you be do ? popeye wianin ' $ 0 buck fer back taxi . also gettin’ aven . wimpy do you realize who you be fight ? wimpy point . ring ide - oxheart and mother ' seat in trunk at ringside 19 oxblocd oxheart , a enormous , muscle brute of a man . he be conver ing with he mother , a little , gray - haire old lady who be busily crochet . . oxheart you all right , ma ? mother perfectly fine , sonny , oxheart you get good enough light ? mother perfectly fine . oxheart seat okay ? his mother nod , oxheart be right back . he climb into the ring . mother do not worry , SOUND : the bell 72 tr 168 , follow oxheart to the CENTER of the ring popeye and wimpy wait for he . popeye be still fully clothed but - be wear box glove . popeye tzzat yer mudder ? oxheart do not you dare mention I mudder ! popeye I can not busk ya inna mush wit ' yer mudder lookin’ . wud ya ask she t! leave ? '' oxheart gaat to you , sucker ! wimpy gentlemen , let 's not get violent . = 169 . follow wimpy to ring ide tc where he pick up money and side bet from tha outstretch hand wt of ringsider , behind he , popeye and oxheart argue . oxheart wimpy nobody order my midder twenty dollar on 20 second ... around , ten on five gecond , ..100 on two second ... fofeye I like all mudder . oxheart mine 's the best ! popeye so why let she gee ya busk inna mush ? oxheart lose patience and swing at popeye , who duck and slug he in the gut . he sit heavily down on the canvas , SOUND : crowd gasp wimpy , still in the foreground , whirl about . follow he back to the center of the ring . or wimpy here , here ! none of that . o~ 169 . contd 170 . | 7 ... | '' 172 . ' } 173 . 73 popeye i'm sorry , any time a swab take a poke at I I can not control I refrax a ' I take a poke back . oxheart be mother shake she knitting neadle at popeye . mother he 's no gentleman ! coma home , sonny ! follow pofeye 's crossing to ringside to speak to Mrs. oxheart . popeye ( at ringside ) tt be not that I want t! deskroy yer go . I be ouny doin ' it becuz it 's right a ' t! get even . at behind he oxheart rise and come roaring down on he . angle on ring popeye sail out of the ving , the recipient of a vicious behind - the + back swipe . he land in a seat ( occupy ) directly behind Mrs. oxheart SOUND : crowd roar angle on popeye lie atop a customer , Mrs. oxheart look on . customer hey , c'mon , will ya ? popeye { to Mrs. oxheart ) L will pergonalky haf ' ¢' ask ya t! leave . customer hey , fella , be this gonna take all day ? 74 173 . coum Mrs , oxheart tis ang turn to she Son , mother you win , seany . now come home ! this ona look mean ! 174 , angle on wimpy collect money like crazy fran tingsider , popeye appear bahind he . popeye ; ya have better return it , fr be not over , wimpy turn , surprisad , wimry - dear I ! oxheart stalk over and poke hig Rose into popeye 's face ox : what do you call my mother ? 175 . suor - oxheart 's mother shake she fist , mother have nothing further to do with the beuta , sonny ! 176 , angle on the ring '' ' ng3 on popeye . wimpy close he %0e3 down , '' £ace - to eye and cover , popeye complete hig suing - face with mra , oxheart , follow popeye to vingside . popeye I apologakiza , like I say , refrax , co follow popeye ba ck to center ring where tha crestfallen wimpy look down on the unc onse ioug oxheare , it 's 2 a 176 , conid 15 popeye ya have better start countin ' , wimpy turn to he , astonished . wimpy me? popeye yer tha referee , be not ya ?. wimpy Jones be the nama . I be one of the Jones boy , ' hea walk off to a corner , wimpy never see he before in my life , popeye raise he right arm and proceed to count over oxheart . popeye l-=2 -- wimpy comea rush back . wimpy ( whisper ) do you realiza how much I have viding on this ? popeye --3-+ wimpy wave he hand at the crowd . wimpy l--l-- he mean l! popeye -- 4 - = wimpy l-l/2--1-l/3-- Zz 177 . 178. 179 . 180 , 76 angle on wimpy as ha be hit by a tomato . SOUND : boos angle on arena the crowd stand shout , booing , throwd : mge vegetablas , program , beer can , angle on popeye , wimpy , and oxheart as oxheart lie stunne , popeye glare at wimpy , who stand , hand behind he back , try to look innocent . popeye a5 ! W - wol - 7/8 ! meet both be pelt with fruic . grab a fly pickle . wimpy suddenly reach out a hand and follow wimpy to ringside . wimpy do anyone have a hamburger to go with this pickle ? different angle on wimfy a meat patty fly toward he head , wimpy expertly pick if out of the air and slap the pickle on top of ity wimpy bun ?! 4 hamburger bun fly at he . he catch it and wrap it around che meat patty and pickle . wimpy ketchup ?! a bottle of ketchup zip past he ear . oxheart voice quch ! 1a .. 182 , 183. 184 , 185 . 7 angle on popeye and oxheart popeya stand in the center of the ring , which have come to resemble a vegetable garden , look down at oxheart . wimpy strolla into the frame , reach down into the pile of produce near oxheart 's head and extract the ketchup boctle . he dollop katchup on he burger and commence eat . wimpy gold , but nonetheless capital . into the frame come a fan with a shopping bag . fan good stuff ! a the fan start shoveling produce into she shopping bag . follow the fan across the ring as other fan climb through the rope and start pick up fruit and vegetable , bite into apple , peel bananas , break open coconut . - full shoe of ring jamme with fan , shoulder to shoulder , eat as if there 's no tomorrow , shot - popeye pofeye blow I down ! angle widen to include tax - man tax - man ( to popeye ) $ 3 tax for operate a fruit stand without a license . tracking shot - ext . empiy lot - night ( except for the insert of the baby , this scene should be one long tracking shot from the arena into town , with appropriate camera move . ) the arena stand in the background . a scattered crowd carry bag of foodstuff , stuff they mouth , straggle off in various direction . in foreground , popeye , oliva , and sveepea , behind they wimpy ; behind he , the oyl wheel castor , bandage head to foot , in a wheelchair , 185 . 186 , 187 . contd pofeye ( count money ) well , tf do not come to much after taxi , olive Te dg what it be , popeye smilag slyly . popeye ' dja think he would kill meet olive oh , popeye , do not be silly . I imew . popeye . c'mon , ya do not hava no confidink , olive I do too ! anyhow , after I ask sueapaa , popeye ( laugh ) tha 's a rich one ! olive I always ask sweapea , sweepea alwaya tell mar . do not I , sweepea ? shot ~ sweepea ha emit a shrill whistle close on popeye quickly turn hia head , look about . pofeye wuzzae ? angle widen to inclide olive and sweepea olive '' ask sweepea , " sweepea , will popeye be kill ? " 78 ty 188 . 189 . 190 . lot . 192 , 193. 79 shot = sweepea he spuiter , tracking shot - olive and swee pea , olive so then I ask , '' sweepea , will popeye be seriously maim ? " shot ~ sweepea he spulter tracking shot - olive and sweepea olive = so then I ask , " sweapea , will popeye actually survive ? " shot ~ sweepea he emit a shrill whistle tracking shot - olive and sweepea she be increasingly excited . olive so then I ask , '' sweepea , will popeye actually win ? " camera hold . olive and sweepea pass out of frame . wimpy encer . move with wimpy as he look on with enormous intere c . SOUND : sweepea' whistle , off screen popeye ( 0.8 , , laugh ) ' at 's a good trick , sweepea , wimpy 's aye widen ig astonishment . he lick he chop ; he life hia derby and wipe hia brow with a handkerchief . out of the derby he unpeel a face eorm . ha trot up behind olive , adjust sveepea , move he onto she shoulder , to swaapea 's head , poke over olive 's shoulder , wimpy start muttering nearly {aaudible name out of he racing form . ~~ 193 . contd 194 , 195 . 80 pull back to long shot of the procession as see from across the field , silhouett against the sky . popeye , olive with sweepea , wimpy hot on she heel , the oyl wheeling castor not far behind . and behind they , straggle across the field , a smatter of fight fan . track across field . the light of town , then town itself : the commercial district , shop , one» and two-story building ... wimpy ( almost a whisper ) Love 's bless , swee pea ( sputtar ) ' wimpy no parking . sweepea i ( sputter ) wimpy cat 's pajamas , sweepea ( a long , shrill whistle ) angle on olive , sweepea and wimpy in profile , walk past a storefront whosa awo reada : " the betting parlor . " wimpy you must be tired , misa oyl . allow meat ... '' wimpy take sweepea cut of olive 's hand -- and , as she and popeye walk on ( out of frame ) , he peel off into the betting parlor . int - betting parlor jamme with cigar-smoking man in derby and ahirt - sleave , kerchief ~ head , cigarette -smoke wonen in cloth coat , carry shopping bag ~ - all of they weaving in , cut , and arcund each other in complicated traffic pattern , tout , study the blackboard , place bet with three booky slouched behind cage window , . two phone to each @ar , no two phone alike . move with wimpy through crowd to the betting window , C ~ 195 . cconid 81 SOUND : hone ring . ad - lib inald ible chatter , wimpy shove a nota through the window , wimpy $ 2 on cat 's pajamas . the bookie pick up the nota . bookie whac 's this ? wimpy , my note . bookie get outta here ! a4 wimpy be shunt aside by the customer wait behind he . wimpy I be good for if on Tuesday ! loud peaker they be off ! wimpy be push to the back of the betting parlor as customer squeeze forward , listen intently . loud peaker ( the follow be sung in operatic recitative ) and it 's nightlife and 's farrago quickly into the lead , touch I third , arched eyebrow fourth , cat 's pajamas bring up tha rear , and at the first pole it 's Moon madness , sad preference , and eyesore . into the quarter turn it 's avocado , trust I , cohabitation , and stop - he - i£ - you have - Heard - this ~ one . purple prose come up on the oucside , with reckless drive move into the lead . at the far turn : warped value first , orchestra leader fall back , and here come sprain ankle . into the stretch now it 's maid of Orleans , can not - be - bother , diatribe , and hygienist - - and here come wombat ! and the winner -- it 's go to be cloge - - by a neck it 's cat 's pajamas ! 82 195 , contd throughout the broadcast , customer sing in chorus : " come on , my horse . " move in on wimpy , huddle in a corner , singing in whispered counterpoint into sweepea 's ear . wimpy ( under broadcaat ) highfalutin ? sweefea ( sputter ) wimpy nervous manner ? swee pea ( S putter ) wimey spitball ? swee pea ( S putter ) wimpy Magnum Opus ? swee pea ( a shrill whistle ) '' hich coincide with the end of tha race . beat he way through the bustling crowd '' ) ten dollar clutch in he hand . move with wimfy as he '' the betting window , wimpy $ 10 on Magnum Opus ! 194 . ' tracking shot ~ MAIN STREET - night olive and popeye walk past shop , popeye no , he can not , olive yes , he can . pofeye I son be a baby , he 's too inexperiangse to tell the future . 83 e 196 , contd olive my son be a genius ! popeye I son be a normal , red-blooded orphink a ' tha 's all he be , he be not no blast i genius , olive i'll prove it ! she turn to where she suppose wimpy to be . olive ! wimpy ? popeye suespea ? 197 . int ~ betting parlor shot - bookie sullenly shove thrae bag of money through the wire cage at wimpy bookie phooey on you ; here 's another thousand . wimpy , I do not want it . bookie you do not wane it ? wimpy I want it on the nose of washtub in the : . seventh , angle widen to include popeye and olive they come up behind wimpy , fume . . bookie : washtub ? popeye step between wimpy and the wire cage . C ~ 197 . conm 84 popeye Stow it , they be ill-gottind game win through gambling and child exploiterashikin , taka it back . bookie take it back ? wimpy take it back !? popeye give it ter widder and orphink , bookie oh yes , mister , that 's what I will do . righto . widow and orphan , follow pofeye '' crash through the crowd , follow by a angry olive and a 6tunn wimpy . wimpy but -- but -- but -- buc-— popeye wimpy , I yam disaperneike a ! dis gustipate , follow they into the street , popeye and olive side by side , wimpy chase after they . popeye I feel like sockin’ ya inna mush . olive disgraceful ! wimpy that be $ 10,000 . olive $ 10,0007 she fall back to wimpy 's position . cn 197 . conntd 85 popeye lt haf t' control maself or I will wreck yer face , wimpy ( overlap ) but -- but -~ olive ( overlap ) you. win : $ 10,0007 wimpy ( overlap ) do you have any idea how many hamburger that be ? olive ( overlap ) how many race ? wimpy ( over lap ) two. olive ( overlap ) only two race ?! she grab the racing form out of wimpy 's hand and peruse it , olive { to sweepea on popeye 's shoulder ) osteopath ? sweepea ( spuctar ) olive gold Comfort ? sweepea ( S putter ) popeye whirl on she . pofeye what in heck be ya doin ' ? ah fs 197 , contd olive ic 's okay , he 's do this for he mother , ( to sweepea ) suck lemon ? swee pea ( whistles ) olive and wimpy turn to race back to tha betting parlor . shout after they . popeye I chilt will not be exploitakid fer lll-gott game , qlive turn back to popeye . he tug olive it 's not ill get , it 's good get gain ! this gain will feed we and clothe ua and save we ! popeye ( overlap ) wrong be wrong even if it save ya ! olive ( overlap ) family be more important than dumb morality ? wimpy ( overlap ) miss oyl , you may win the debate but lose the bet . at she sleeve . popeye ( over lap ) you ara a corrupter itnfluink on innecink chil 'ren a ' adulk ! move with olive and wimpy ' as they run off . popeye ( shout ) I forbid ya from ever seein ' I chilt again until you refarm or he can not prophesy no more , 86 popeye popeye , shout , recede into tha background . vy 87 197 . shot + popeye and sweepea oo popeye ( shout ) or Li change I mind , which will be never ! he stand , simmer , look after they . popeye ( utter '' burt ) desertakad , ha turn he back and walk off with sweepea . popeye ( mutter ) ) L yam wot lt yam . he be swallow in shadow , popeye ( mutter ) a ' tha 's all I yam . * 198 . ext . roughhouse's cafe ~- night wimpy approach from down tha street , carry a bag of money . he rattles the lock door . wimpy ( groan ) no ... 199 . angle on wimpy as he press he nose against the black window , nothing visible but he own reflection . wimpy ( groan ) no , camera move through the window into the cafe , past empty table stack with chair , to the desert counter , 200 , close on wimfy cn press against window , look on with yearn . as or 202 , '' + 202 . 203. 88 what he sees ( fantasy sequence ) suddenly the cafe be brightly light . wimpy , with he bag of money , appear behind the counter . ha upend the money bag and out pour hamburger . wimpy ( sing ) hamburger ! a song of love to the food he adore most in the world , throughouc the song he upend bag after bag , out of which pour dozen , then hundrad of hamburger . a edifica of hamburger rise on all side of he , wimpy leap {nto the adifice , juggle hamburger , dance on they and . over they , dive ballatically into they midst . / suddenly the sea of hamburger begin to risa , pour this way and thac , off a monstrous shape displace they . after a moment : it become clear that the monstrous shape be that of bluto . angle on window wimpy , on the street , stare into the darken window . behind he reflection be the reflection of bluto . move in on reflection . bluio now tall I sbouc this kid who can pick winner , ext . oyl ' house ~ day popeye be in the act of move . with sweepea in one arm and he duffal bag over he shoulder , he start out the doorway . a small wagon on the sidewalk carry he crunk , a erib , bassinet , and cgarriage , . minute stand in the doorway argue to he back . min it 's cruel , Mr. popeye ! popeye le yam sorry , Mrs. oyl , but olive a ! wimpy be a bad influink on account they assaulk I moraliky a ' when I moraliky be assaulk I get no cherce but to move mar son a ' I t' anudder berth . he placas sweepea in the bassinet atop the wagon . min but you can not take sweepea away from olive ! '' y 203 . contd 205 , 89 popeye pick up the handle of the wagon and start down the street , popeye moraliky be not doughnut . follow min following popeye min - - Mr. popeye , I think you be be hard and self- righteous ! popaya drop the wagon handle and turn to face she , very upsec , popeye ' dja think this be easy ? strong and righteous people have alla responsibilikies ! weak and sorruptikate people have alla fun ! if T cud be who [ be not I would be weak an’ hate fun ! but I yam uho I yam a ' ' at 's all I '' yam ! i stay on mrs , oyl as popaya cart the wagon down the street ext . MAIN STREET - day angle on grocer in doorway grocer room to rent ? how should know ? ) that 's you problem , not mine ! he turn on he heel and walk back into he shop . angle widen to inclwwe popeye and sweepea . follow popeye to the next shop , the cobbler 's , as he get there , the door slam in he face , follow popeye to geezil 's vegetable stand . on aight of he , geezil duck dowa , and the various counter , partition and extansion slam shut , close like a clam , angle on tax -man riding he scooter down the now - empty Street , except for popeya aud steepea , he dismount and approach popeye . tax - man you move out of the oyla ' ? 205 . 206 . contd 90 popeye . none o' yer biznesa . tax - han $ 5 tax for desert a sink household . popeye gnat to you ! tax-man $ 6 tax for talk back . popeye ( give the tax ~ man the bird ) 's tax - man $ 7 tax for hurt my feeling . popeye slug the tax - man , who {3 send spraul ten feect , against= geezil 's stand . on impact , the stand -- all its partition and sountara - - fly open , whistle go off , two miniature american flag pop out , wave . geezil pop up , wildly cheering , geezil hoopla ! hoopla ! SOUND : crowd cheer pull back to full shot of STREET window and door fly open . cheer head of man , woman , and child . confetti fall on the atreet . citizen pour out of store and house to surround popeye , slap he back , shake he hand . amid the cheer can be hear cry of : " you want a room ? " " I get a room ! " " live here ! " " Rent freq ! " " my placa ! " " no , mine ! " angle on sweepea and wagon the crowd surround popeye , swamp he with congratulation . the wagon slowly creep forward , sweapea look startle , turn to find popeye , but he be lose in the crowd . the wagon roll out of frame , oh 207 . 208. angle on crowd popeye emargas from the center , shaking hand . popeye thank ya . thank ya . [ t 's nicer t! be like than hate , [ I yam a rough ole sailor but I heart 's touch . sweepea and I -- he look around for the wagon , popeye . sweepea ? he plunge back into the crowd , disappear from view . popeye escuse I -~izze down here -- sweepea ?! he emerge from the crowd , look shrunken , stumm . pofeye sweepea ? pull . back to show tax ~ man he back to we , five foot away . tax - man that will be $ 7.50 kidnape ~ child tax . ext , dock - long shot - night popeye walk from door to door , popeye sweepea : sweepea ! sweepea ! he climb over a fence into a back yard , popeye sweapea ! sveepea ! hold on : cellar door in back yard popeye walk out of frame , popeye ( 0.8 . ) sweepea ! suaepea ! sl iy 208 , conrd 92 the cellar creak open . wimpy 's head rise slowly becween the raise door , he look after popeya . wimpy leca not balieve I have do this . he emarge up the cellar step , carry sweepea in he arm . wimpy I truly camnot believe ir . . follow he strolling blandly out onto the dock . wimpy nothing could make I behave this way . he walk up the gangplank of bluto 's ship , the vile body . wimfy this be inaxcusable and despicable . this '' can not ba mar , someone alse be do this . one of the Jones boy be do this , on deck , he walk forward , wimpy jonas , you be despicable , do not speak to I . out of the shadow stap bluto . bluto gimme the kid . wimpy I will not , Jones will . he have no conscience . bluio here 's you hamburger . he hand he a steaming laundry bag . wimpy worse than 30 piece of silver . you be despicable , Jones , he take the bag . wimpy despicable but hungry . 93 208 . contd ° '' he walk off , reach into the bag and take cut a hamburger , bluto ona word of this to anybody and I will feed you to the shark , wimpy whirl on he angrily . wimpy you dara think L would be disloyal ?! 209 . ext , oyl ' home - night popeye stand outside , wait . thea housa be dark , he wait , 'a light go on . olive 's head appear at a upstairs window . olive ( shout ) T hear ! do not think word haso’t get = around ! do not think I do not blame you ! do not think if you do not take he away from I he would not be safe and snug with he love one instead of kidnape and cry and hungry and maybe dead ! do not think I will aver speak to you again ! she slam shut tha window . out go she light . popeye , he shoulder slump , stand and wait . 210 . ext . tre vile body - night bluto wheel sweepea in he baby carriage down the gangplank . follow he along dock . he pass a pile . hold on piling . a moment after bluto pass out of frame , wimpy 's head poke out from behind the pile . follow wimpy as ha tail bluto , . wimpy ( low} '' lt can not believe I be do this . '' 211 . ext , oyl ' home - night popeye still wait outside , shoulder slump , look terrible , look up at olive 's window , co ( 0.8 . ) olive I be down here , cr 211 . cont 212 , 94 he look down . angle widen to include olive sit on curb in she bathrobe and roller , olive ( singa ) worry . worry , worry , . where be sweepea ? be he safe ? tf I have not be greedy , would he be safer ? popaye sit himself next to she . / popeye ( sing ) worry . worry . worry . where be sweepea ? do he still remember mar ? lf L hadink be moral , would he be hone ? as they sing they separate worry , they song interlock ; they sing line in chorus , separate and come together again . the song become a raview of they quarrel and a woebegam effort to repair it . by the end of the song they have move closer , then next to each other , and , on the final line , tentatively hold band , ext . swamp = night in the distance , the flicker light of town . bluco , thigh deep in swamp , muddle through , sweepea high in he arm . bluio ( under he breath ) blasted , dadblast ... same day the conmodore will exhaust my patienca and my good will . pan behind bluio , across swamp to wimpy on terra firma he be hide behind a tree . wimpy . lea not say I do not give it my all . L give it my all . my all extend to the shoreline . more can not be ask of a all . he pause , then with extreme distaste wade into the swamp . wimpy I can not believe I be do this . a 95 213 , angle on bluto wading with sweepea , he approach a dark shape in the swamp . as he close in on dt we recognize it as the condemn houseboat from scene 137 , bluto ahoy ! comedore ! no answer , ye wade cloaar . bluto ahay ! you old sea rat . still no answer . bluto continue to wade nearer . he be almost at the boat . ' commcdore 's voice ( from inside houseboat ) / get away ! come back next never ! I vant } I priveracity ! 4 ( his voice be a we guttural rasp , not uniike popeye 's ) bluto os phooey on you privacy ! 1 gor a fortune ' c. in diaper here . : he hold up sweepea for the unseen commadora to inspect . sweepea 4 wake up . a door on deck creak open . a slim , bent figure be silhouett in the doorway , commodore izzat a baby I hear ? he pause to listen to sweepea 's cry , commodore can not ya tall th ! brat 's hungry , ya iggerink swab ? come aboard a ' give it a can of spinach ! ae ) 214 , 21 . 96 shot - swamp - wimpy he be stand cheat deep , he derby cloak in mud . wimpy probity be you first name , selflassness be you second name , sacrifice be you third name . Jones , you be a princa , ext . MAIN STREET - day - shot - bird be - eye oliva and popeye search for sweapea . popeye , at the top of the frame , olive , at tha bottom , go in and out of doorway , alley , behind fence , bump into each other at certain point , separate , duplicate visit to place . all of this have the ritual of a dance . music : the " sorry , worry , worry " theme popeye sweepea ! sweapea ! sweepaa . etc. ey olive sweepea ! sweepea ! sweepea ! etc. intercul shot + olive and popeye searching when they meat , they sense of relief be apparent . the mesaage sonvey be that this search be not only for sweepea , it be also for each other . olive ( to popeye ) be sick with worry be batter together . pofeye ( after a long stare ) yas . I never feel better feelin’ rotten . - they look at each other almost in fear , abruptly break away and go on with the hunt . olive sweepaa ! sweapea ! popeye sweepea ! sweapea ! follow pofeye head down the atreet , away from olive , 215 . contd 216 , 217 , 218 , 97 popeye olive ! 1 mean swaepea ! he stop and leok around to make sure no one 's hear he slip , popeye ( mutter ) how embarrasserkin ' , he start off again , popeye sweepea ! sweapea ! olive ! sveapea ! ol --- live ! ha catch himself again . popeye ' ( mutcer ) gnat ! a SOUND : indoor fighting popeye stop and look 0.3. what he sees : the gashouse gang clubhouse , {ts wall throbbing , SOUND : fighting , breaking furniture , grunt and groans angle on clubhouse popeye in the foreground , he back to we . he square he shoulder and walk with measure stride into the clubhouse . the door slam behind he . int . gashouse gang clubhouse a tableau of vialence . fifty man freeze in various stage of mayhem , arm lock around head , fist poise in midair , chair , club , baseball bat hold ever head , popeye 's entrance {s the cause of this freeze ; all eye ara on he , frame in the doorway . gashouse gang , ( in a group scream ) get he ! 98 218 . contd all fifty man charge at popeya ag one . 219 , ext , gashouse gang clubhouse the wall tremble , finally crack . the entire edifice collapse , SOUND : furious fighting , cry , groans out of the dust and rubble , popeye. emerge . he brushes off he clothes and walk toward we . behind he , lie cover with piece of shattered building be the groaning remnant of the gashouse gang . angle widen ' to include tax - man , on he scooter , look on . SOUND : mqan and groans popeye = ( to tax - man ) that sure clear I head . how much ? tax - man what do you care ? you will not pay . you ! ll just hit I again . well , L refuse to dignify you violence by taxing in . you do not deserve to be tax . you know what you be ? you ara untaxable ! you know what that mean ? as far as I be concerned , you do not exist ! he drive off . , move in on pofeye lock surprised - ~ and then , slowly , reject . 220 . dock ide - day ~ olive olive be look into a barrel . olive ( to herself ) nope . wimpy come up behind she , appear worried , 220 . contid 221. 222 , 99 wimpy misa oyl , L have wonderful - terrible news , olive turn to look at he , wimpy this be the bese and worst moment of my life . ext . swamp olive and wimpy stand , chest - < deep , stare at the houseboat . olive ' be you certain ? wimpy ( insuite ) certain laotm not accustom to have my certainty question . as follow they through the slime to step lead out of tha swamp onto the deck , int . houseboat angle on bsluto count a pile of money on a beat - up tabla , pile high with dirty dish , behind he be a dark , tangle mesa of cobweb and debris , almost oui of the frame we see sweepea , sit in a junklike structure contrive into a highchair . his mouth open and shut on spoonfuls of spinach come from in and out of frame . bluto ( count ) 4,00l , 4,020 , 4,050 . this kid be better than tax , commodore ( o.s. , feed sueepea , overlap bluco 's count ) one more . ..on@ more ... one more , .. just one more ... what a good kid . 100 222 . contd bluto you get soft , commodore ? that kid be the firs¢ man , woman or beast I ever see you not hata . commodore ( 0.8 . ) he 's too little to hate , I be feedin ' he so he will grow up faster s0 I can getc ! hata he sooner . bluto yeah ? I naver see anybody hata as good as you . pan from bluto to commodore a grizzle old man with one eye and scruffy beard , he have a wide bib tie around he neck , which hide he foreann from we . '' commodore ( sing ) " Dog eat. dog . " a example song about the cruel may of the world , the rule of which be that you must do it to they before thay do tt to you . bluto join he in a duet , eit he own example , the song be vibrane , upbeat , full of joy , completely az odd with its nasty theme . at the end the commodore lift sweepea out of he highchair and dance with he around the cabin . in he dance the bib fall fron around he neck , revealing he forearm , they be balloon - shape , identical to popeye 's , move in on porthole behind he for gu. olive and wimpy stare in , ineredulous , 223 . shot ~ deck - olive and wimpy olive popeye 's father ! wimpy found ! wonderful news . olive he 's a crook . he 's the commodore , he kidnape sweepea ! wimpy nonderful - terrible news , 224 , lok tracking shot - olive and wimpy walk out of the swamp , across the field , toward town . olive ( contemplative ) I guess we really should get sweepea out of there , they walk on in silence . olive you know , because ha 's ours . wimpy more or less , at present , less than more . they walk on in silence . olive but he 's happy there . wimpy delirious , : they walk on in silence , olive so it will not do he a bit of harm if he stay kidnape a couple of day longer . they walk on in silence . olive what do you think ? would it ? wimpy he eat well . do you notice ? they walk on in silence . olive anyhow , you and [ can not rescue he . wimpy laughable think ! they walk on in silence . olive popeye could rescue he . I believe in popeye . on 224 , 225 . 226. 227 . ccontd 102 they walk on in silence . olive but he would find out about he father , that crook ! wimpy truly a dilemma , they walk on in silence . qliva , who have be contemplative , suddenly look up in alarm . olive ( sing ) do not tell popeye , do not tell popeye , it would kill he if he find out . intercut : int , oyl ' live room - day wimpy whisper in cod 's ear , then sing . wimpy ( S ing ) do not tell popeye , do not tell popeye , it would kill he if he find out . oyl ' kitchen olive whisper in minute 's ear , then sing . olive ( sing ) do not tell popeye , do not tell popeye , it would kill he if he find we , ext . oyl ' porch - day castor , in he wheelchair , bandage from head to toe . cod and minute whisper in he ear , then sing . cod and min ( S ing ) do not tell popeye , do not tell popeye , it would kill he if he find out . pass neighbor look on with interest , and cod and minute extend they song to they . 228 , 229 , 103 ext , geezil' stand castor whisper in geezil 's ear , then sing , castor ( sing ) mmmph , om , mum , malp . geezil throw a arm over a pass customer , whisper in he ear , then sing , geezil ( sing ) not tell popaye , not tell popeya , be kapooay from he find out . follow the customer tushing acrosa the street into the butcher shop . he whisper into the butcher 's ear , then sing . '' customer ( sing ) do not tell popeye , do not tell popaye , it would kill he if he find ouc . follow the customer and the butcher out of the shop , split in Separate direction . follow the butcher run down the street , along come papeya . pofeye sweepea ! he pass the butcher . popeye hey , do you see - ~ the butcher turn tail , run back into he shop , and slam the door . angle on popeye head across Main Street , he back to we in the foreground , a vista of store in he path on both side of the Street . music : from inside the various store a muffled chorus of " do not tell popeye , " etc , o ~ 229 , ccontd 230 . 231 . 104 follow popeye past the store , as he walk by , passersby clamp hand over they mouth , run indoors , mother clamp hand over they own and child 's mouth , and pull they indoors . door slam . awning roll down . popeye appear increasingly confuse . angle on roughhouse's cafe popeya approach , music ; from ingide roughhouse 's , a muffled chorus of '' do not tell popeye , " etc , J int . roughhouse's cafe popeye enter , the cafe fall silent . customer freeze , mouth pen , fork and cup in midair . follow popeye as he walk toward the counter . the customer turn away from he . popeye sit on a stool , stare ac roughhouse behind the counter . popeye goffee . silently , roughhouse serve coffee , popeye Nice day , roughhouse mm. popeye I little boy have be kidnape . roughhouse mm. popeye ' dja see he ? roughhouse ( shake he head ) mm-nn. 105 on '' 231 . contd popeye toss a coin on the counter and walk out . follow popeye onto STREET pofeye ( mutter ) " yim . " '' himenn . " what ? I get bad breat ' ? a rott#n personaliky ? offensitive moraliky ? I pipe stink ? 232 , tracking shot popeye , walk toward we , away £rom the store . popeye ( mutter ) '' minute mn . " he hunch he shoulder , whirl about , start to go back look for a fight , then stop . popeye '' 1 ( mucter ) heck wit ' he . wot do I care ? he stand , look back . popeye ( mutter ) '' yim=an . he begin to back away , still look . 106 cr 232 . contd he turn and walk on , then whirl again . popeye ( shout ) you do not like it , you can - = well , I be t 99 much a gennulman ¢! say it , but you know wot ! he turn and walk on . popeye ( mutter ) I yam wot L yam , ( sing ) an’ ' at 's all I yam . a he break into a robust , affirmative musical declaration of he philosophy ; that whatever he be , he be himself ; though small and '' , ugly , he be himself ; though '' ungrammatrisical , " he be himself ; cc that through time of triumph he win as himself , that in time yo ? of defeat he lose as himself ; that all he be good at be be himself , and people can like it or lump it . he launch into a fulsome , defiant tapdance that cover the length and breadth of the town . 233 . intercut towns people fleeing all he meet be silence and what he wrongly perceive as rejection . door slam , shutter close , child be pull off the street by they mother in fear that they will give away the secret . 's '' popeye kinish he song , the street be empty , the town close down . he walk off , still defiant but clearly pain . behind the close door and window of the town we hear : music ( muffled ) " do not tell popeye , do not tell popeye , it would kill he if he find out . " 234 , pull back to bird 's-eye of town Doors open , one by one , then all at once . out of the shop and home stream the townspeople . they carry bat , club , poker , mallet . some flock off side street to join the main throng . 107 cah os. com towns people ( sing ) do not tell popeye , do not tell popeye , etc . 235 . exit . edge of the swamp - day olive and she family stand in the foreground , they back to we , watch the approach mob . castor be in he wheelchair , scill wrap in bandage , wimpy and geezil ara at the head of the crowd , 8 geezil phooey from mar personally on all kidnaper ! grocer do not make enough on tax , I suppose . bultcher let 's go . co i be ready . cobbler I have never be more ready . castor mmp , mmph . , roughhouse that go double for I . a pause , no one move , the steam clearly seeping out . people begin to stare self - consciously at each other . olive . ( sharply ) well ? roughhouse what be we wait for ? lunch ? wimpy good idea ! on 236 , 108 int , houseboat the commodore be feed sweepea as bluto peer out of porthole , commodore one fer th' whiffle hen , one fer the Jeep ... bluto well , well , wall , if this do not beat all . crowd ( 0.8. , discanc ) we want the baby ! we want the baby ! commodore wot than heck be that ? bluto ( chuckle ) the entire town , look like . commodore dadblaat ! crowd ( 0.8. , distant ) we want the baby : we want the baby ! commodore ( mutter ) they be upsettin ' 's than kid . ( to sueepea ) take it easy , poopdeck pappy will perteck ya . swee pea ( sniffle , about to cry ) crowd ( q.8 , , discanc ) we want the baby ! and lower tax ! and lower rent ! and free beer ! wimpy ( 0.8. , distant ) and hamburger } commodore gnat ! } ( shout ) i want I priveraciry ! CA 236 . contd 237 , sweepea ( cries ) commodore Sea wot they do ? he storm about the cabin , knock over table and chair . crowd ( q.8. , distant ) we want fresh fruit : we want a nice house in the country ! ext . the swamp roughhouse hey , wa do itt cobbler who 's scared ? roughhous E L feel all good and clean inside . castor mmp , mip . cobbler Lee 's come back and yell again tomorrow , butcher good idea ! they straggle off , log ah o ~ 237 . contd 238. 239 . , 240 , llo olive bute= wait ! -- the oyl , wimpy and geezil stand still and watch the eroud , all smile , break up into little group and wander off . cobbler look lika a full moon . cobbler' wiee oh , you Max ! ext , houseboat deck - night , the commedora stand reflectively , smoking he pipe , after a long , quiet moment , he go inside the cabin . immediately after , olive poke she head over the sida , and board . on tiptoe , she prowl che dack , peek through tha porthole , then enter the cabin . = int . cabin ~ very dark bluco ig asleep in a bunk , gently snoring . the commodore stare at he , glower , then turn away and start stow gear from about the cabin in a duffel bag . sweepea be asleep in he highchair . angle on olive crawl along the floor toward sweepea . the commodora have he back to she , busily pack , occasionally grumbling to himself , grab out for item to he leave , right , and behind he , ine lude countless can of spinach . he never look where he 's grab . occasionally he hand be within inch of olive 's head . she carefully reach up to sweepea , in he sleep sweepea S putter . the commodora turn to look at he . olive bend herself in two and duck behind sweepea 's highchair , clearly discoverable wera it not go dark , commcdore ( whisper to sweepea ) shhh . we be goin ' far away . bluio' voice ( whisper ) where ? 240 . 241. contd lil commodore ( whisper to sweepea ) to mar ialand , bluio' voice ( whisper ) why ? commodore ( whis per ) do not ax so many questiong . t! get I treasure . angle widen to inclide bluto ' stand behind and hover over commodore as he talk to the sleep sweepaa . bluto . ( whis per ) buc you promise bluto half you treasure . the commodore stare down at sweepea thoughtfully for a extend momant , then , reflect no emotion whatever , turn to faca bluto , commcdore yer dreamin' . go back t' sleap . bluto ( reasonably ) for ten year you have be promise I when you pull out you would cut I in ou half you treasure , commodore there be not no treasure , shot - bluio and commcdore commodore a ' I yai not talkia ' t' ya . this ia a figgermint o' yer imagineration . bluio okay , I be dream . but you promise . commod cre I have I finger cross . go back t! sleep . 241. 242 , 242. contd bluto okay , I be dream . but I want ny half or £ '11 dream I cut out you gizzard . commodore yer fast asleep . lie down . yer dreamin’ . we be all fast asleep . bluto you be fast aalaep ? commcdore sure. look . he walk over to he bunk and climb into it . commodore ( suore ) he sit up . commodore see ? he leave the bunk . commodore so even if it look in yer dream lika I yam pullin ' out , in real lige I be not . he haula the duffel bag over he shoulder , commgdore a ' even if it look inna dream like I yam stealin ' the kid from ya , in real life L , aintr , close up - bluto bluto what kid ? angle on commodore and highchair he turn and look down at a empty highchair , commodore the kid ! ° 112 a4 on 243 , 244 , cr 113 angle on edge of swamp wimpy and geazil and the oyl fidget nervously , peer through the darkness at the houseboat , min worry . worry . what 's take har so long ? cop I should have go . £ ' 1 ] go gec she , he do u't move , castor mmlp . he start to wheel himself into the swamp . God stop he . cam no ! I will go , ha do not mova , SOUND : distant , tnaud ible cry , commcdore and bluio wimpy do you hear ... geezil me? what ? that ? I do not hear it , he turn he back , very nervous . wimpy Music ! cop Music ? wimpy unquestionably , music ! i'll fetch my violin , he back off , turn , and run away . exi . houseboat bluto and commodore search the deck for sweepea , commodore kid ! on 244 . contd 114 bluto hey ! kid ! they move abouc , make a racket , lift pile of gunk to search under , - pan to swamp , 20 foot away . olive , with sweepea in she arm , hunch immobile , hide by darkness and tall swamp grasa , she be kmee - deep in suamp and sink slowly . commodore ( 0,8 . ) kid ! ' bluto ( 0.8 . ) hey~ - footprint ! commodore ( 0.8 . ) adulk foot prink . sweepea shift uncomfortably in qlive 's arma , about to spuiter in protest , olive cover he mouth . he begin to struggle with she . in order to calm he , olive whisper a lullaby . olive ( sing ) Thomas codfish meet a wacly worm one day - ~ SOUND : feet squishing through swamp , distant , coming closer bluto ( 9.s , ) come on out ! we get ya ! commodore ' ( 0.8 , ) kid ! sweepea nod off , asleep , and olive cut off the lullaby . commodore ( 0.8. , distant ) kid ! it 's time t' eat . do not ya want yer spinach ? sveepea jerk bolt upright in olive 's arm , sweefea ( emit a long , loud whistle ) of 245 , 246 , 11 int . popeye's bedroom - night popeye lie asleap . SOUND : floorboard creak popeye , in a nightshirt , ait up , turn on the light . stand by he bedside , look down on he , be wimpy . they stare at each other , neither say a word . popeye ya come ¢! visik ? wimpy nod he head , popeye ' but ya be not talkin’ wit ' I ? wimpy nod . pofeye - ( grunt ) ya wanta eat ? wimpy nod , int . oyul ' kitchen popeye and wimpy sit at the kitchen table . popeye be now dress . the kitchen have be decimate : no fridge , no stova . wimpy be polish off a bowl of fruit . six apple core lia on a plate in front of he , the table be cover with ovange peel , ac the moment he be pop down grape , popeye observe he eat . finish hia grape , wimpy rise and tip he derby . pofeye this th ' end o' yer visik ? wimpy nod and back off toward the door . he stand in the doorway , obviously perturb . wimpy ( after a pause ) you father ! he clamp both hand over he mouth , popeye wot wuz nat about I fodder ? 246 . contd 247 . 248 , 249 , 250 . 116 wimpy ( muff lead , through he hand ) terrible newa about you father ! he spina on he heel and go for the door . ext . oyl ' STREET - biad 's-gye wimpy run down the Street , follow out tha door by popeye , popeye 's ( shout ) wot terrible news about I fodder ? ext . swamp edge the oyl wait en masse , a sullen threesome , as wimpy appear on the horizon , chugge toward they . close on he fast be popeye . olive's voice ( distance ) save I : help ! save I . angle on oyl min and cod worry . worry . worry , angle on swamp edge wimpy arrive on the scene , out of breath . come to a halt . popeye whizze vight by , the swamp in answer to olive 's cry . he tip he hat as he dash heedlessly into olive's voice help ! anyone but popeye , help ! wimpy ( to oyl ) I do not tell he , I do not tell he . 117 ork 251 . follow popeye crash through the swamp , make a enormous ruckus . olive's voice ( closer ) save I ! save sweepea ! help ! but not popeye ! he arrive at the houseboat , charge up the step , onto the deck , and burst into the cabin . 252 . tnt . cabin ~ what he sees bound to a chair be olive . olive bluto kidnape sweepea ! go ‘vay , popeye ! he 's take he to he ship : gat out of here ! ~ pan to a second chair to which the commodor be bound . he glare at popeye , t commodore ; whacha lookin ' at , ya one - eye rat ? 253 . shot - popeye he stare at the commodore , transfix , not hearing a word that he or olive shout at he . olive commcd ore do not mind we ! get sweepea ! untie I , ya ugly , one - eye , stop bluto ! get a gun ! get dish - face , sissipate , sniffle - a army ; bluto 's go to snaffle . untie I a ' get offa - take advantage of sweepea 's I boat an’ take this scrawny power to lead he to the bag o' noisy shemale bone wit ! commodore 's bury treasure . ya an’ th ' two o' you can drow no one can stop he ! stop he ! inna swamp , for all I care . 254 . follow popeye toward the close of they overlap outburst , popeye , as if ina trance , take out a pocket imife and snip the commodore 's bond . on os . ) olive ignore he , he 's not who you think . now I , 254 . contid 255 . 256 , 257 . 258. 113 the cowmodore leap up , flex he arma , bring he bulg forearm to popeye 's notice for the first tima . olive ( 0.8 . ) you 'ra wrong , he 's not who you think , he 's only the commodore . close on popeye a tear come to he squint eye , popeye ' ( whisper ) poppa ... glose on olive = olive he 's not ! ha 's not ! it 's a coincidence , anyhow , he 's a crook ? close on pofeye and commodore stare at each other popeye ( deeply move ) poppa ... it 's I , yer orphink son . commodore I yai not poppa to no man nor beask , ya weepy - eye , sisaipate , sniffle -snaffle ! he wind up for a haymaker . ext . houseboat deck SOUND : a powerful thu popeye come tumble through the door onto the deck , follow immediately by the commodore , fiercely stride by he son to the deck railing . he cup he hand to he mouth and shout . ccmmcdore ahoy ! 11g on 259 , angle on the oyl , geezil , and wimpy on the edge of the swamp , they back to we , face the silhouett houseboat . commodore I yam yer commodore an' I need every ablebody swab to man this craft ! move in on the oyl , geezil , and wimpy they stare at each other in fear and indecision , gommg@ ) ore { 0.8 .) ' now move ! 260 . long shoe - swamp a4 silhouett figure splash in a panic toward the houseboat . castor , in he '' heelchair , be be pull along . SOUND : sucking , squishing noise of swamp not 261 , int . houseboat cabin olive be still tie to she chair . popeye slump against the doorway , he back to she . olive popaye , untie I ! you can not just stand there hold up che doorway ! bluto be take sweepea out to sea . we have get to go to he rescue : why do not you untia I ? popeye slowly turn around , he eye glaze , popeye but I yam lookin ' fer I poppa . he turn he back on she and shamble out on deck . 262 , ext . deck follow popeye to the foredeck . he move slowly to where the commodore bark out instruction to the oyl , wimpy , and geezil . popeye stand by , examine he father closely , 120 262 . conid commodore ( to wimpy ) you man the bilge pump . ( to cod ) you plug the leale foredeck . ( to minute ) you plug the leak aft . ( to geezil ) uohitch the gapstan , batten down the hatches , ( to castor ) cast off ! the other run off ( and wheel off ) to carry we ingtruction . the commodore turn away , smack into popeya . popeye poppa ... I yam yer one a ! on 'y off prang , a the commodore set himsalf up in a fight stance , commodore stand to , ya swab , yer inna way o' poopdeck pappy , pride o' th' paciferic a ! fodder to th ' shark , brudder to th ! piranika , cousin to than killer whale an’ uncle to th ! oktapussy . , a ' I be not laid eye on th! like o' such a skimy runt in I lifa , he feint two jab at popeye 's chin . popeye hold out he arm for inspection , popeye lookit , than sama bulgey arm . the commodore shuffles in and out , feincting . commodore no resemblinks , popeye point to he own bad aye , popeye th ' same squinky eye . commodore wot aquinky eye ? CA 262 . conrd 263 , 't ~~ es b ) b . 264 , ' } 265 . 121 popeye poppa , than same growly voica , commodore no resemblinks , dadblast ya ! int . cabin olive still tie to the chair , SOUND : ( 0.5 . ) a thu olive uncie I ! simultaneous to she cry , popeye come tumble through the door , landing at olive 's foot . olive untia I , popeye , and I will protect you ! popeye climb slowly to he foot , he eye glaze . as if in a trance , he shuffles over to a porthole . he stick he head out , all thac remain visible be he slump body . popeye have anybody seed I poppa ? ext . houseboat deck popeye 's head poke out of the porthole , look like a miserable mount trophy , SOUND : the gasp , shudder , and throb of a ancient engine . ' the ship vibrate and start to move , commodore be voice make way ! long shot - the houseboat slowly chug out of the swamp olive's voice untie I ! olive 's cry be repeat as camera pan across the swamp and pull back to give we a view of the town , on 265 . contd 266 , 122 SOUND : olive's cry diminish in volume pan continue out to sea until we come to bluto 's fully ~rigged bark , the vile body . SOUND : olive's cry be now hear as a distant , inaudible chirp , taplace by the increasing volume of bluto' song . bluto ( sing ) " father , " to the same tune as " mother . " the song be bluto 's declaration , of fatherhood to sweepea : how he will raise he to be tough and hard and not a soft tauch like he new - father , bluto . shot - bluto at tse wheel * at the conclusion of each stanza he break out of song and question sweepea , bluio would it be bury ac sea , lad ? sweepea ( 5s putter ) blueo ( sing ) " father . " after one more stanza : bluto would the treasure be on land ? swee fea ( whistles ) bluto would it be close ? sweepea ( whistle ) bluto hug sweepea and dance a couple of step , 123 or 266 . contd bluio ( sing ) " father , " after one more stanza : bluio would it be Dead man 's gove ? swee pea ( S putter ) bluio gimlet inlet ? 's swee pea ( sputter ) they bluto scab Island ? sweepea ~ ( whistles ) bluto kiss sweepea and commence a wild dance of joy on deck . music : " father , " 267 . shot - pofeye's head sticking out of porthole SOUND : hammer banging on wow pull back to show olive shuffle out the door , still bound to she chaiz . she seac herself directly under popeye 's head . olive no more ! I be out of patience , popeye . 1 never want to speak to you again unless you free I and start out rescue sweepea by the time I count to 3 . 1 and 2 and -~ angle widen to include commodore come out of ahatchway below deck , carry a sack on bis shoulder , ork 267 . contd 268. 269 , 270 . , 271 , 124 commgdore do not waste yer time . he 's get bonkus o! th' konkus ; good thing slimy Sam 's aroun ! ter perteck I interesk . he climb all the way out , reach into he sack and draw out a can of spinach . olive he 's get what ? commodore commcdore everyone in we fambly come dowa wit ! bonkus of th' konkus , we pop the top off the can . olive ( 0.8 . ) bonkus of the what ? commodore I have it . olive she look mystify . olive you have what ? '' commodore he upend the can and devour he spinach . commodore , now it 's he turn . close on popeye olive ( 0.s. ) bue you say you be not he father ! as e~ 271 . contd 272 , 273 , 275 , 125 commodore { 0.8 , ) I be not never seed he before in I life ! angle on olive and commodore commodore wot th '--? he look . down . yhair foot be slowly cover with water , SOUND : gurgling water . engine throb and coucH , long shot ~ houseboat beginning to flounder commodore be voice ' ( shout ) bail ! ext . scab island a small , rugge Strip of land make up of cliff and gorge . pull back to bluto 's dinghy . bluto row toward the island on choppy Seas . sweepea whistle and point excitedly . bluto you daddy ig so proud ! angle on inlet bluto pull the dinghy ashore . he grab sweepea in one arm and a spade in the other . he start ttun up the beach . . bluto this way ? swee pea ( S putter ) bluto stop , and start again in the opposite direction . bluto this way ? sweepea ( whistles ) bluto race up the beach . 276 , 277 . " houseboat deck angle on min , cod , castor , and geezil all of they bail like crazy , use bucket , glass , toy pail , anything at hand . castor , in he wheelchair , fill he pail , dump the water back on deck , and fill the pail again , co and min worry . worry , worry . the water 's have reach they ankle , follow wimpy , bail he way toward the commodore , also bail , wimpy ' pardon I , Captain commodore , we seem to be sink . commodore ed T hope ya drownd , ya fat rat ! bail ! follow wimpy past olive , still tie to she chair . popeye 's head be directly above , stick out the porthole . olive Mr. wimpy , untie I ! wimpy ( to olive ) unspeakable work condition . he pass out of frame , bail . olive popeye : save we ! wake up ! she struggle with she rope . angle on commodore , bail . commodore dontcha worry , girlie , even if we drownod , slimy Sam 's aroun 's ter perteck I interesk . 127 mh 278 , olive struggle with she rope . olive popeye ! 279 . close on popeye commodore ( 0.8 . ) she last 20 year , bonkus o' th' fkonkus . then you die o' it or you do not . angle widen to include olive struggle with she rope . commodore . ( 0 ,8 , ) nobody but mar know th ' cure a ' I be not tellin’ . olive cease she struggle . C olive gure ? the water rise to she shin . olive look up at popeye , olive help be on the way , fopeye ! you father know a cure and he 's go to cure you with it , he cure ! the commodore 's head pop into the frame so that he and olive 's head frame popeye in the porthole . commodore ( shout ) T be not tellin' , IL tol 's ya ! olive you can not leave you son like this for 20 year ! commodore . tai not leavin ! he like this fer more and 5 more minik ! then he drownd , an! doa ! - call ' im I son ! ah on 279 . conm D 270 , xy 271 , 128 follow commodore as he splashes away and resume bail , leave olive and popeye in the background . he be increasin gly furious , obviously suppress gome long ~ feel resentment , commodore slimy Sam 's more t' I than that sissipate sniffle - anaffla : [ raise ' im from a pup . the biggest , meanest , most affectionaka octapussy votever squeeze the oonard out o' aman . a ' obedienk ! which be more and I can say fer some chil' ! angle on wimfy , bail . uu olive . ( 0.8 . ) you can not mean you have get a oct opus guard you treasure ? commodore ( 0.8 . ) slimy Sam will perteck I interesk , so do n'tcha worry that we drownd . wimpy drop he bucket . it float off , ip . wimpy drown ?! he splashes over to the railing and lift a leg to climb over . wimpy " ( shout ) abandon ship ! portly man first ! portly man first ! a section of railing come off in he hand , olive follow her as she clump she chair , splash by splash , directly to the commodore 's path , olive ( shout ) and what about sweepea ? 271 . cont oh 272. , 274 , , t 275 . b 276 . 129 the commodore glare at she and keep bail . olive the baby , you sap ! the commodore freeze , commcd ore ( thoughtful ) oh yes ... int . mouth cf cave - scab island in the foreground , a dark pool . outside the cave , bluto dig a hole in the beach . on a mound of sand . a distance away , sueepea , near he , gurgle happily bluto - you would not kid I , kid ? this {s the ~ spat ? sweefea sweepea ( whistles ) angle on sweefea and bluto bluto dig furiously , oblivious to the tide lap ac he foot . sweefea the tide eat away at the mound of sand on which he rest . the ' mound flake , crumble , the water rise beneath sweepea . ie clap he hand jayously , second away from immersion . pull back to the mouth of the cave . out of the black pool , a tentacle surface , then another . the head of slimy Sam rise out of the pool . bluio waist - deep in he excavation . the tide fill he hole almost as fast as he dig it . cn 276 , contd 277 . 278 , 130 bluto blankety -blank ! kid ! how much more ? a lot ? a Little ? he look around . angle widen : sweepea be not in sight the inlet surge with water , stream into the mouth of the cave . bluto kid ?! he lift himself out of the ditch . ' bluto kid ?! sweefea - ( whistles ) SOUND : a triple echo whistle bluto run , stumble , drop he spade , and keep run toward the cave , angle on houseboat sway dangerously , leave a wake of debris in the sea , olive's voice you can not let the octopus eat the baby ! the commcdore think furiously , he grizzle face form a battleground of conflict emotion . angle widen to include olive and popeye commodore you think this swab 's any good ? olive ( overlap ) he 's as good as good ger , that 's how good ! on 278. conm 279 . 280 . 28l. 282. l3l commodore ( over lap ) becausa if I make he better a ! he do not do nuttin ' but hang on I neck an’ call I poppa , I be not gonna pur up wit 's ie , ( shout ) I never seed this swab in I life ! the watar in the boat be knee deep . ext . cave the suelling tide tip in and out of the cave . bluto' voice ( echoes ) kid ! hey , kid ! a init . cave bluto stand in a puddle look up at sueepea , hem of he skirt on a low-hanging ledge . and commence to laugh . wha hang by the bluto point ac sweepea bluto ( laugh ) pan away from bluto to pool slimy Sam rise out of the pool and slither toward bluto , whose back ia turn , angle on bluto - still laugh . suddenly a long tentacle whip about he ankle . close on bluto' root engulf in tentacle , bluto ( scream ) he writhes , struggle . frenzied , blind movement . | ] | 284 , 285 . 286 . full shor of cave at the roof of the cave , '' wave he boot act he . swaepea clap cetopus '' attention . sweepea be poy hanging from the ledge by he skirt , clapping , laughing . slimy Sam lumber ponderous ly toward he , houseboat ~ intercut wimpy , oyl , geezil frantically bail , the wacer ig now up to they thigh . shot - popeye - commodore '' voice say it ! olive's voice he 's not you son , > olive you never seed he before in you life ! commodore T need more encouragermint ! olive ' he 's a no-good ! he do not deserve to live ! he should drow ! he 's a -- he 's g -- he 's a sissipate suiffle -snaffle ! commodore yer a hard a ! cruel a ' unreasonakable shefemale . shake , he extend hig hand , mn 286 . contd 287 . commodore lemme untie you , 133 he sever she rope with a slash of he pockatknife . commodore but L be wot I be an' I be bein 's it fer 99 year s0 I have decidike against ya . fer I yam goin 's t' save this lad 's life , close on pofeye in porthole commodore be voice ' easy . the deathlike head shift within the porthole . olive's voice U get he . at commodore's voice you get ‘im ? olive's voice togot he . let he go , the head of popeye slip from sight out of the porthole . pan tu doorway of cabin . olive and the commodore carry popeye out . they sit he on the chair in which olive be prisoner . the commodore examine popeye . commodore spinach , olive , stand behind he , do not know what to maka of this . he mhirl on she . commodore spinach , ya hard a ' cruel shefemale ! in I sack . in I sack ! in I dadblast sack ! olive look for and aind the commodore 's sack stashed inside a venc , she quickly withdraw a can of spinach , who handle it as if it 's gold . she hand if to the commodore , 289 . 290 . 291 , 292 , 293. , nurse rapid-fire can after can of spinach down 134 glose on commodore he squeeze the can . the lid pop . angle widen to include popeye collapse in olive 's chair , the commodore open popeye 'a mouth and pour down the spinach . no reaction . close on commodore commcd ore spinach ! shot - olive and commodore's hand olive slap another can into the commodora 's hand , close on commodore ha squeeze the can . the lid pop . '' shol - popeye and commodore holding popeye 's mouth open , the commodore pour down the dpinach . popeye feebly spuiter . olive's voice he move ! commodore shaddup ! spinach ! shot - bird - eye to simulate operating theater popeye sprawle out in the chair . the commedore as doctor , olive as popeye 's craw . commodore spinach , olive spinach , commodore spinach . olive spinach . 135 or as , close on popeye he apit out a torrent of spinach directly into the camera . pull back . he pull himself to a sit position . popeye ( shout ) ihate spinach ! his head fall back against the chair . 295 . worm - eye on commodore look up from popeye 's head . commodore ya see ? . he pour a can of spinach down popeye 's throat . = popeye ( groan , spit ) ad , commodore disohedienk ! ag usual ! ya disobedienk brat ! pour can after can down popeye 's craw , the commodore proceed to sing with immense agitation . commodore ( sing ) disobedienk ac 2 , disobedienk now . ha would not eat he spinach . spinach , wot keep we fambly strong fer thousing 0 's year a ! wot do I on 'y oxsprang do wit ' it ? spit it up : his mudder up a ' die a ' he would a't eat he spinach . his poppa outta work a ! . . he would a't eat he spinach . th' whole country inna depreshikin an’ he would not eat he spinach ! his poppa goin 's hungry , goin ' out c! steal ! stealin ' wot ? spinach ! so he ungrate son cud grow up big a ' strong ! ya know wot L do when they catch I a ' thrung I in jail ? I laugh . [ laugh a whole year ! throughout he sung diatribe , the commodore hug and forcefeed popeye . he be alternately abusive and -- unknowingly , reluctantly -- love . 297 , 297 . 298 , 300 . 30l . 302 . intercui shot through song the oyl , geezil , and wimpy bail . close on olive look down at popeye , then across at commodore . pan to commodore look at olive , then down at popeya , wimpy , geezil , and oyl they nve stop bail , stare incredulous ly. shot - popeye from behind his posture straighten in the chair . he ascend slowly . music : " popeye the sailorman . " ' shot - popeye - front he rise straight up , unbend , stiff as a board , close on pofeye the glaze leave he good eye . Color and expression return . heave a snort which send smoke curling up from he pipe . popeye ( snert ) geezil and the oyl leap for joy , hug each other . close on wimpy plaster by a wave . wimpy ' ( shout ) bail ? 136 he o - ~ 304 , 305 . 306 .- 307 . 137 close on olive olive popeye ! , pull back as oliva fling herself on popeya . the water be hip deep . wimpy 's head pop up in foreground , close on wimpy wimpy ' ( shout ) bail ! all around popeye , a flurry of activit yi everyone resune bail but olive , the commodore , and popeye , popeye , olive , and commodore popeye ( quietly ) thank you . ( a long pause ) poppa . commodore ( blink ) for hate sankeamant a ' I admit ontcia ' . he turn away . commodore seab Island be 3 knot due west . slimy Sam 's caya be onna leeside inside ch ! gorge , '' glose on commodore commcdore save th ' kid . kill bluto , leave I treasure be . steer a safe course away from Sam . do not ferget yer spinach . angle on popeye and commodore he toss a can of spinach at popeye , olive stand nearby look on in anticipation . popeye flip the can about in he hand , look at qlive , look at he father . a crackle exchange of stare , 308 . 309 . 310 . ail . 312 , 313. 133 popeye he drop the can down he shirt£ront . popeye i. love spinach . angle on deck from where ba stand , popeyetake off ou a fly broadjump . angle on houseboat in sea in a long , graceful $ q- foot arc , popeye plunge into the sea . int . cave as shot ~ bluto cling to the stalactire . bluto ( alarm ) cue it out , you dumb dodo ! pull back to show sweepea in foreground , hang from the ledge by the hem of he skirt , reach out to slimy Sam in a attempe to maka contact with he flail tentacles , angle on sea tracking shol ~ popeye swimming , under the sea , no part of he visible , leave a mighty , high - speed wake . pull back to show scab Island . different angle on sea - popeye's wake churning away from US ie stop . popeye 's pipe emerge from under the water . move in on pipe . [t turn this way and thac , simulate the movement of a periscope , popeye ( gargle , underwater muttering ) on 313 . conrp . ~ 314 , 315 , 316 . 139 the pipe duck under the sea . the churn resume . pull back to the inlet , popeye 's wake lead straight to the beach . pull back to a bird be - eye of the cave , blulio' voice ( echoed ) dope ! sap ! chump ! quit play with he ! angle on beach popeye , he pipe belching smoke , run out of the surf very ease , look around . ' bluto' voice ( echoed} rid , this be not funny ! popeye triple - time it to the cave , int . cave shot - foreground - slimy SAM and sweepea sweepea 's thrashing about have tipped he dress , he fall from he ledge . the oetopus delicately pluck he out of the alr with a gently - thrust tentacle . sweepea ( squeal with delight ) background : through the entrance of the cave we see popeye barrel - assing up the beach , 40 mph . now frame in the entrance , he launch himself at tha octopus , popeye sweepea ! angle on popeye and slimy SAM popeye land on the octopus with a loud squish . sweepea go fly free . pull back to bluto be pov , hanging from the stalactite , he watch popeye and slimy Sam roll in the surf . bluto drop from he perch into the mud . cn 316 , conid bluto very neat . follow bluto . he pass a few foot from popeye 's slimy Sam , pause for a moment to observe . bluio let 's you and he fighc . pofeye . yas . ldo not like help , spacially from villiang . slimy Sam 's tentacles lash tightly around popeye . bluto 140 struggla with it be not very nice of you to steal my girl . popeye it be not very nice t' steal I chilt . more tentacles entangle popeye . of bluto when you be right you be right . follow bluio out of the cave . bluto you win the argument . a he pass sweepea , sit , daze , on thea beach , the tide , now ebbing , lap at he rip skirt . bluto ' Dumb , kid . very dumb . . ' he retrieve he spade and pass oul of frame , 317 . glose on sweefea collect he sense . popeye ( 0.8 . ) oomph ! L yam a fren’ to all beask . - oomph , oomph ! o ~ 317 . conzp 318 .. 319 , 320 . 321 . 322 , lal sweepea ( gurgle ) he turn about and crawl as fast as he can n back toward the cave entranca , shot - bluto dicgcing bluto ( hum ) " Dog eat dog . " int . cave shot ~ popeye and slimy SAM 2 the octopus , all its eight tentacles ac work , squeeze the strength out of popeye . popeye ( groan ) I yam lose I patience , octapussy . I yam gonna haf to resork t' violensk . pull back to sweepea crawl toward the trap popeye . swee pea he survey the scene , look upset , begin to cry . sweepea ( bawling ) - popeye and slimy SAM popeye see wot ya do ? shot - hole in beach shovelful of sand pour out of bluto 's excavation . bluto' voice paydirt ! a 322 , gontd 323. 324 , 325 , 142 popeye ( 0.8. , echoed ) ouch ! that hurt ! swee fea ( 0.8. , bawling ) a great beat - up metal chest appear on the be im of the excavation . it glitter brightly in the sun . int . cave shot - slimy SAM and popeye ' popeye struggle to no avail , every time he frees himself from one tentacle , two mora lock he in . the life - and - death struggle have the precision and ritual of a military manual of arm . - popeye sweepea ! get away ! ( groan ) scram ! ( groan ) this be a fodder 's order ! ( groan ) angle on beach bluto shove off in he dinghy , the weight of the chest sink it up to its gunwale , bluto whistles " Dog eat Dog " ) . houseboat olive , wimpy , and the oyl bail like mad , the commedore scowl at they lack of progress . the water be waist deep , they cry overlap , olive stroke ! wimpy help ! ow 325 . comm 326 . ' 327 . 328 , 329 , 143 castor mmlp ! 's min and cod save I ! save I ! commodore ( mutter ) I see batter crew inna kidneygarten , int . cave shot - popeye and slimy SAM . popaye , almose wear out , fight , kick , grunt ineffectively . close on popeye one of slimy Sam 's tentacles crunch the spinach can inside popeye 's shirt . the pressure of the tentacle maneuver the cag upward until its top poke out of popeye 's collar . the tentacle squeeze tighter , pop the lid off the can . spinach fly . popeye stretch , arch he neck upward , and catch much of the splattering spinach in he yawn mouth . music : " popeye the sallorman . " ' popeye 's chest and shoulder heave with a mighty rush of power . de fling out he arm . slimy Sam 's tentacles spring apart as if hit by a bomb . shot ~ sweepea -reaction shot = wide - eye double - take . pofeye and slimy SAM popeye leap free and whirl on the octopus . popeye sos ya want to fight , do ya ! he position himself for a haymaker , om 330 . 331 . 332 . 333. finich , I be popeya the sailorman . ' 144 angle on dinghy and be land bluto , row , still within sight of the island '' scop to observe the roof of the cave begin to shudder violently SOUND ( echoed ) : a jetlixe roar the roof of the cave erupt , out of it , as if from a missile silo , ascend slimy Sam . . 9 SOUND : louder jet roar move in , follow slimy Sam 's ascent into Space , its tentacles atreteh to they limit , give the octopus the appearan ica of a spacecraft . ' the houseboat shot - the commodore bn look up as slimy Sam shoot overhead , aim for the heaven . commodore sammy ! he reach out helplessly for he pet . angle on sea popeye float with sweepea on he chest , pofeye ( sing ) I be popeye the sailorman ... ( etc . ) the song include the line : " I eat all I spinach a ' fight to the dissolve to : angle on popeye float . he float restfully , sweepea riding on he chesc . angle widen to include houseboat , some hundred yard away , glowly break up , section of it litter across the wacer , the crew have quit bail and huddle hapless ly. together at the tailing in water thac be now chest high . castor , min , geezil , wimpy , olive worry , worry . worry . cr 333 . corm 334 , 335 . 336 , 337 , olive spot sweepea and point excitedly , olive sweapea ! wimpy and geezil wimpy and geezil warry , worry . worry . commodore at rail . he shout to popeye , commodore I treasure ! be it safe ? angle on popeye and section of houseboat popeye float up to the boat , elipa over with sweepea and hand the baby to the warmly - velcome olive . olive and sweepea olive ( hugging sueepea ) sweepea ! sweepea ! sueepea ! wimpy pop into frame . wimpy ( to sweepea ) will we drow ? swee pea ( 's putter ) wimpy clasp he hand , wimpy thank goodness ! ( to sweepea ) will we be save ? swee pea ( whistles ) 145 in he arm , on 438 , 339 . 340 . 341 , 342 , 146 wimpy , the oyl , geezil wimpy turn to the other . wimpy the baby say we will be save ! oyl and geezil hooray ! bluio' ship , " the vile body " bear down . pull back to include housaboat , bluto 's ship pass within a few foot of the houseboat , create a awesome wake . bluto ' ( sing one versa ) " Dog eat Dog . " shot - bluto' wake submerging the houseboat . Air bubbles . then it pop to the surface , exactly as before , except for the leak , now chest deep . commodore he 's singin 's ! he do not sing unless he 's happy ; he be not happy unless somebody else be miserable , save I treasure ! olive and sweepea olive save we ! wimpy paddle into frame . wimfy ( to sweepea ) I be not sure you can any longer be trust . castor castor mmupy . 343. 344 , 345 . 346 . 347 , 348 , 349 , 350 . 147 cod and min min what do he say ? cop he say : " where 's popeye ? " prow of " vile bapy ' ' cut through thea sea at a tapid pace , shin up the prow , hand over hand , be popeye . olive olive popeye ! 2 commodore commodore save I treasure ! deck of " vile body * shot - the treasure chest , pull back to show bluto kneel befo be chest in high anticipation , a hammer and chisel in he hand , pofeye popeye appear ac the railing and scramble aboard , he start for bluto . angle on popeye and bluto popeye come up behind bluto , who have begin to thwack away at the lock on the chest . close on pofeye popeye ( a shrill whistle ) | cn 35l . 352 , 353. 354 . 355 . 356 . 357 . 358 , 359 , 148 bluto he whirl about , surprised , bluto . kid ? pofeye and bluto popeye slug he , vaulting he over the chest , sand he tumble across the deck , landing he heavily against the mast . tha mast crack , full shot of ship . the mast shudder , snap in two place , and fall in on bluto . popeyr - popeye scoops up the treasure chest onto he shoulder and start for the ship 's railing , bluio bluto vise , carry a section of sheared~off mast . he hurl the like a javelin . popeye the javelin smashes into tha treasure chest , send it fly off popeye 's shoulder , close on popeye popeye whirl to face bluto . bluto bluto lift a second section of mast and fling it like a spear , popeye and mast popeye slug a nearby mast . lt crack and fall , deflect bluco 's speer , 149 a 360 . bluto bluio ( growl ) he circle he arm around a third mast and tear it out by its root , 361 , popeye his eye never leave bluto , popeye pick up the mast he have juse rayoed and break if off at the trunk , 362 . intercut popeye and bluto a mast duel up and dawn the deck , other but destroy one more vital ge break off , rigging be tear loose . with each swipe , they miss each ction of ship : vent and cap tan 363 . houseboat = the water be shoulder deep . olive , wimpy , geezil , the oyl , and the commodore look on in anxiety mix with amazement . olive ( shout ) smack he , popeye ! kill he ! not too hard , I use to be he girlfriend ! ( to sweepea ) they be fight over I , sweepea , she pause to look at the gommodore , olive ( chas ten ) maybe . 364 , + '' rofeye and bluto in two mighty swipe , bluto reduce popeye 's mast to a cthree=f oot splinter , with a add backstroke , he knock it out of he hand entirely , he then bring the mast around like a baseball bac , '' smote popeya square on the hip , send he aloft , 36s . houseboat Pov the occupant of the houseboat watch popeye sail through the air da toward they . '' 366 , ~ | 367 , | ) ) | a 368 . 2 ) ) 369 , 1 369a , . 3698 , 150 close on sea popeye land with a mighty splash , foot away from the houseboat , pull back to skow he be only ha surface , : commodore get back in there ! I treasure ! popeye and hous eboat popeye tread water , popeye this issa tough fight . I do not know if it 's wort 's gettin ! beat up t' save a ' treasure o' some suab o! a fotal strangeker who I be not aven relatake co , olive absolutely right . come aboard before you be ew kill . wimpy splashes about in water up to he shoulder , wimpy help ! commodore look thoughtful . angle widen to iaclude popeye , creading water , commodore you killt I best fren ' Sam . you eat yer spinach . cud be yer I son after all . close on popeye he be deeply move . angle on popeye he dive down into the Sea , hold on he point of origin as he submarine toward the vile body , leave a powertul wake , 151 ol 370 . olive and sweepea os iam , olive popeye win , right ? sweefea ( S putter ) olive ( ineredulous ) popeye lose ? swee pea ( 8 putter ) olive ( shake baby ) bluto win ? popeye lose ? what ? swee pea ( bawl ) a7 . deck of '' vile gapy " ; 0 bluto be work on the lock of the treasure chest , hammer and 5 chisel , popeye rise out of the sea 372 , angle from deck - popeye and bluto popeye bluto , even though you be bigger than I , you can not win because you be bad , an! good always win over bad , especially wit ' I . poppa , mar girl , a ' I chilt in I corner , so say , popeye break bluto 's grip and slug he . 373 , blueo sail through the air , he land heavily against the of 'c'sle , demolosh it . he leap up and uproot a vent , uw 374 , 375 . 376 . 152 popeye popeye rip off a hatchway door . bluio and popeye bluto charge at popeye , brandish the venc . popeye shield the blow with the hatchvay door . intercul popeye and bluto they tear apart the deck , fore and aft , use everything in sight ag weapon . the deck , reduce to splinter , give Way . follow they drop out of sight into the cargo hold , the commodore 's 's treasure chest tumble after they . SOUND : 2 body landing , the thud of the treasure chest on flesh bluto - ( 0.8 . ) ow ? int . cargo hold shot ~ bluto rub he head , stunne , the treasure chest lie on its side aear he . angle widen as tax - man drive in on scooter into the frame . taxman 2.50 mayhem tax . bluto , still on the floor , look up at he in astonishment , bluto I ? tax - man you . bluto you be taxing I ? tax - man ( shrug ) you be lose . bluto leap to he foot and point to the panting popeye , 379 , 380 . 381 , 153 popeye , blueo , and tax - man bluto I be not loge ! he 's lose as much as I ! tax he ! tax - man I would not give he the satisfaction . " the vile body " - houseboat Pov olive and company look on . SOUND : the battle in the cargo hold : punch , crash , ripping timber wimpy the odd be 5 to 2 bluto . be there any taker ? castor float up in he wheelchair . 4a castor mmip . he hand wimpy five dollar , cop I be La. olive I will take a piece of thar . SOUND : ripping , tearing timber the starboard side of the ship crack and peel off into the sea , fall like a moat gate . popeye , bluio , and tax - man the fight continue aboard a ship that be now little more than a sink raft . popeye send bluto sprawling . he land near the treasure chest , look for a weapon and , find none , hurl the chest at popeye . taxman thea tax - man , in the way , duck , the chest sail over he head , 382 , popeye popeye duck . the chest sail over he head . 383 . the commodore commodore I treasure ! 384 , tracking shot - treasure chest areing high in the alr , glitter in the sua , it plunge into the sea not far from the houseboat . 385 . the commodore . the commodore dive into the sea . 386 , popeye and bluto popeye slug bluto , who land against the laste remain section of a bull . tk collapse into the Sea , already cluttere with a unbalievab - , 4 array of flotsam . 387 . houseboat olive ( to wimpy ) pay off ! the houseboac , with all its occupant , go under . 388 , angle on sea , gurgling , burbling , agitate dissolve to : 389 . a calm sea load with flotsam popeye , oliva , and sweepea enter the frame riding ihe vila body 's . anchor . they eloat along , foot hang in the water , as if the : , be sit at poolside . move in on they . popeye on but a woman can not ship out , '' 389 . 390 , 391 . contd olive I can . popeye not wit ' I , you can not . olive oh yes , and sweepea toa , popeye wot it yam 1s a sailor a ! sailor can not take no fambly to sea , olive ' what Lam be olive oyl , and £ say phooey on that ! popeye glower , olive ( sing ) T be what L be and that 's all 1 be ... a brief declaration of self . popeye turn away , disapprove . wimpy float on a {ron stove , eatin % a hamburger out of a sizzling fry pan . wimpy ( sing ) Tam what I be and thac 's all I be ... he brief declaration of self , geezil float on a mattress , geezil ( S ing ) {are what I be , be all , that 's ir .. he brief declaration of self , as on 302 . 493 , 394 , 395 . 396 , 156 min , cod , and castor minute and cod hang onto the wheel of castor 's float chair . min , cod , castor ( sing ) we be what we be and that 's all we be . ( castor 's sing be , of course , muffle by he bandage ) close on commodore commodore ' sanktament ! pull back on gommodore , secrunc . hed inside he treasure chest , float amidst the rest of the debris . = gommodore I hate sanktament ! move in and dcwn into treasure chest . the commo he prize : not gold , diamond and ruble , photograph , baby picture , baby clothes , dore be sifting through bue ancienc , peel close on commodore enrapture in he treasure . close on treas uke the commodore 's finger shuffle through photo of popeye at birth , shot of himself and he wife with the infant popeye , shot of he bride and himself on they wedding day ... music : " it am what I am , " popeye , olive , and sweepea om anchor . popeye everybody get they own L yam , I have give birt ' to a epydemic . well , ac least L get I sueepea fer a couple more year , he take sweepea out of olive 's arm and hug he . ad on oe 397 , 397 , 398 , 157 close on sweepea swee pea I yam ! popeye , olive , and sweepea popeye and olive exchange amaze stare . close on sweepea swee pea T yam wot T yam : il yam wot I yam ! 1 yam wot L yam ! etc. pull back to a bird be - eye of the sea . popeye 's gang drift on everything imaginable across a vista of calm blue , minute , cod , and castor on the wheelchair , geezil on he mattresa , wimpy on he stove , the commodore deep inside he treasure cheat . bluto float , = unconscious , drape across the high reach of a upright mast , the wreckage of which have lock around he like a pillory . patrol nearby , the tax - man on he scooter . all be link and cross ~ link by length of ship 's rigging attach to popeye 's anchor . as popeye foot - paddle home , he family of friend ( plus bluto ) drag along in he wake , form and unform a cat 's - cradle of busby Berkeley - like configuration : flower shape and geometric pattern , song : ( all in chorus ) " I am what tl am , " underscore by sweepea 's repeat " I yam , " olive and popeye shyly hold hand . awkwardly , she rest she head on he shoulder . sweepea ( whistles ) SOUND : sweepea' whistle echoe across endless mile of dazzle blue sea . tax -man' voice ( very close ) 4.50 . SOUND : clink of coin falling in he container fade out