possession write by david henry hwang base on the book by a.s. byatt February 1996 early production draft for educational purpose only possession OPEN on black a woman' voice speak , softly , whisper : . christabel ( v.0 . ) there be once a little tailor , a good and unremarkable man , journey through a forest . and as he advanced into the dark ... slow fade up to : ext . fairy tale forest - day / night moonlight . a magical forest of tree . diamond shard of blue light on wrinkle , wormy root . over the mossy gorse , step -- a little tailor , with scissors , needle and thread hang from he belt . a glass key round he neck . and a tall , grey hound beside he . he see ahead -- a giant stone , where a crack open up . the tailor peer inside . and squeeze down inside a dark tunnel . which lead out into -- int . stone chamber - day / night a shimmer hall of phosphorescent light . the tailor see a tall glass dome ; and a shine glass coffin , on a velvet pall , surround by moth and butterfly . the tailor peer inside the glass dome , see -- a miniature castle , with window and battlement . from Pov - inside glass coffin the tailor peer in , to see : a sleep princess , she breath ruffling she golden hair . in she hand : a box , like a@ green ice egg . back to scene the tailor -- take he glass key , slip it into the lock . ( continued ) continued : christabel ( v.0 . ) ... and the little tailor think to bend and kiss she perfect cheek , because he know this be what he must do ... ' and kiss the princess . she open she eye , full of wonder . princess you must be the one I have be wait for . you must be the prince . tailor no , you be mistaken . I ama tailor . in search of work to keep I alive . the princess laugh . and the sound of she laughter shatter the glass coffin into splinter . and on the box , close in and -- reverend ( v.0 . ) ... I be the resurrection and the life , ' say Jesus . '' he that believeth in I , though he be dead , yet shall he live ... ' slow fade up to a silvery black and white -- ext . cemetery ( london ) - day ( 1888 ) the box lie in the hand of a widow , mrs . ellen ash , in front of a mausoleum . it 's a drip November day , sun low in the sky . ellen lift back she veil to kiss the box . which she place inside -- a wringht iron vault . its door close . reverend let the body and soul of randolph Henry ash lie in eternal peace , mourn by he sorrowing widow ellen ... pull back to see ellen and mourner , man in black hat and cloak like silk - clad raven round a egyptian - style vault tomb . ellen focus on the box behind a metal grille . hold on -- the box . as before we eye , the box and tomb rapidly -- ( continued ) continued : Age a hundred year . rose wither and die . moss , weed , leave , briar , tendril of undergrowth push and coil ' round the grille . reverend ( v.0 . ) honore not only by that of the year of we Lord 1888 , but by all of time ... and as a wind blow leave , fade up to -- ext . london street ( bloomsbury ) - day ( present ) the spin wheel of a bicycle . the spoke blur in a constant motion , give a illusion of stillness . as -- suddenly VIVID color and shriek of car horn -- a young man weave perilously ' round a worm of traffic . in anorak and cycle clip , roland michell , thirtyish , dodge down back street , cut through into -- ext . british museum - day roland wheel he bicycle to shed , remove he clip . oblivious to he trousers splash by mud . he unpack he bicycle pannier . head through a side entrance into !-- int . british museum - day roland walk down a long corridor , lead through to a echoing dome hall . he pause by a party of teacher and school - kid in front of a statue of a eminent victorian : randolph Henry ash . closeup - statue roland stare fondly up at the stern feature of ash gaze lifelessly out over the kid ' bored face . back to scene teacher Poet , philosopher , naturalist , statesman , randolph Henry ash be one of we most eminent literary heroes ... ( more ) ( continued ) continued : teacher ( cont 'd ) ' whose famous love poem to he wife ellen be among the most glorious jewel of we literary heritage . from the victorian age , only brown and tennyson --! ( to unruly kid ) pay attention , kylie --! who stare amusedly at roland 's nerdy appearance , cycle helmet still on . he slip unnotice down a side stair - well , enter -- int . british museum basement - ash factory - day through a door mark , " ash Institute : director Professor James blackadder . " this be the " ash Factory " : < a basement of corridor , in institutional grot . Strip lighting , peel paint-work . paola , a fifty - something secretary with moth - like glass , glance up at roland . paola ' Morning , roland . blackadder 's in a panic . mortimer cropper have land . roland oh , god. do blackadder finish my reference ? I ask he week ago . paola I remind he . but you know what he 's like when cropper 's in town . roland I must talk to blackadder . he know since he give that job to fergus ... paola Accident ? notice he ruin trousers , on she way to the photocopier . roland ( have not notice before ) oh ... my bicycle , I suppose . ( continued ) continued : roland put down he pannier , squeeze past paola into the pantry . he flick on the kettle . look for he coffee mug . roland who 's be use my mug ? as he unscrew the coffee jar , wait for the kettle to boil , he turn to see at the door , a grey-haire woman , stare at he . beatrice if you have a minute , roland ... this be Dr. beatrice nest , doyenne of ellen ash study and keeper of the ash Museum , a eccentric spinsterish scholar . roland actually , beatrice , I be about to get start on that ash footnote !--! beatrice it 's important . it 's about ellen ... ominous silence . roland register beatrice 's insistence . she disappear down the hall . roland have to follow she into --! int . museum - ash factory - beatrice's room - day a musty cavern of cardboard box and yellowing papers . behind they , almost brick in , sit beatrice . who fling a letter over to roland . beatrice I can not bear it . another letter from that impossible woman , leonora stern . she want a piece from I for some ghastly new journal about ellen ash 's sexual relation -- roland with ... ash ? beatrice with anyone . this woman 's obsessed with sex . ( continued ) continued : roland you protect ellen from questionable suitor , beatrice . I have always admire that . beatrice ellen be a faithful wife . and I be faithful to she . she need protection . I be the only one now who care ... noise in the corridor . two academic poke they nose in . one , he rival , a trendy young lecturer , fergus wolf ; the other , a bluff elderly Scottish professor , jame blackadder , roland 's boss . fergus hi , roland . still here ? roland fergus .. ( beat ) congratulation on you appointment ... downcast , roland shrink back in defeat . blackadder bluster in . blackadder ah , roland ... I want you at the London Library . come along , cropper 's in town for the auction ... blackadder whisk roland out from the room . int . museum - ash factory corridor - day they walk down the corridor with fergus , blackadder put on he coat . roland I feel sorry for poor beatrice . even the feminist hate she now for champion a dull wife -- blackadder ( exasperate ) beatrice nest and she bloody letter of ellen ash be completely irrelevant to modern scholarship . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : blackadder ( cont 'd ) she 's waste twenty - five year look up every recipe for gooseberry jam and jaunt to broadstair . that 's what I get for hire a ph.d from ... ( can barely say it ) New Zealand . fergus the old witch . she 's the best keeper of the ash Museum you will find blackadder yes. like ellen , beatrice be best behind close door ... blackadder and fergus swoop off . roland watch they go , turn ' round to see -- beatrice scurry back into she room like a crab . obviously overhear they comment . roland sigh -- CUT to : ext . london street ( piccadilly ) - day the spin wheel . on he bicycle , with he pannier and clip , roland swerve through noisy traffic , head for -- ext . london library ( ST . james' square ) - day ( present ) a elegant London square . roland cycle in as leave blow from a tall tree towards a vast victorian library , where people leave by stone step , armful of book . as roland park he bike -- some leave float away , tumble towards a skylight on the library roof tapping like bird try to enter , as -- int . london library - hall - day roland enter the shabby hall . bespectacle scholar shuffle around in a silent hum . roland seem suddenly " at home . " all around he , waste lifetime devote to book ... int . london library - stack - day roland navigate like a mole accustom to the dark through amaze of metal shelf . Hidden stair and tiny corridor like a piranesi prison , book pile high : dark , dusty , infinite ... roland seem to know he way , even in the dark ... int . london library - basement - rare book department - day Zig-zagge through a labyrinth of book , roland emerge down in the basement . he knock at a door mark " rare book 5 . " no reply , so he enter -- a musty room like a pharaoh 's tomb , a high window casting light into a cell of vellum and leather . roland put file down . roland my name 's Dr. michell , roland michell . you have a copy of donne 's poetry for I . a 1858 edition . a pebble - glass librarian emerge , crooked as he totter pile of book . slightly deaf , he take he time . librarian you order it through Professor blackadder over at the ash Institute ? roland correct . I be work on the complete Works edition with he . librarian I do not know ash be a admirer of donne ? roland he quote one of donne 's poem on he deathb . I be check reference in the nineteenth century edition ... just to be sure . the librarian find roland 's book , bound with tape . he wipe away black dust , hand it over . roland sit down , crack page apart . ( continued ) continued : librarian do not look like it 's be touch for a while . I will check ... flick through , roland see note scrawle in the margin . closeup - handwriting back to scene it intrigue he . roland someone 's scrawle note all over the margin . librarian hm ...? well ... it 's never be call for , as far as I know ... ( check file card , as roland read ) odd ... accord to we record , this edition be bequeath to we by ash 's widow , ellen . roland you mean this copy belong to ash himself ? someone must have consult it before now . librarian seem it be lose in we filing system ... intrigue , roland go back to cut leave . with great delicacy he cut open a set of page , suddenly two old letter fall to the floor . roland bend down to pick they up -- librarian ( rambling on ) . Devil and demonology , dog , domestic servant and ... donne ...' ( beat ) you can lose anything in here . I find a set of false tooth once ... roland be not listen . dazzle by a thin shaft of sunlight , roland start to read . on yellowing paper , a sound of a pen scratching . ( continued ) 10 . continued : and ash 's voice -- deep , intimate -- over : ash ( v.0 . ) ... dear madam , Excuse this letter to a stranger . yet since we pleasant and unexpected conversation at crabb Robinson 's party , I have think of nothing else ... ' on hearing ash 's voice , roland turn the letter over . like a spell , the voice stop . roland stare hard at the letter , then look back at the librarian . conceal the letter from view . warily , roland turn the letter over again . as roland read the next passage , he expression change to wonder . ash ( v.0 . ) ... I feel , I know with a certainty that can not be mistaken , that you and I must speak again ... ' he read on , silently . then turn the letter over again . he fold back the book to the front paper : a signature " randolph Henry ash . " roland pull the letter up beside the signature -- roland incredible ... closeup - letter / signature a match . back to scene like a great poker hand , roland can not believe he luck . suddenly alive , confuse , palpitate , he look ' round . librarian hm ...? found anything interesting ? extreme closeup on roland deliberate . his heartbeat seem to pause . time stop , he whole life converge in a single moment : life or death , truth or lie , a simple " yes " or " no " : roland no. nothing really ... ll. back to scene guiltily , roland slide the letter into he copy of poem of r.h. ash . and slip the book beneath he arm , as - a loud knocking sound carry over from -- auctioneer ( v.0 . ) sold once ... sell twice ... int . christie' auction house ( london ) - day a hammer bang on a gavel as a auctioneer close a deal . in a panell room , a crowd of buyer sit wait , some poise on phone , other with catalogue : victorian literary memorabilia . auctioneer sold for a hundred and twenty - five thousand guinea ... the tall , handsome buyer , acknowledge the auctioneer : mortimer cropper , U.S. scholar , collector , master of the ash universe . nearby , the elderly lord ash , and he wastrel son , hildebrand . auctioneer ... letter and memorabilia of randolph Henry ash , include wedding ring belong to the poet and he wife ... to Professor cropper . behind he , blackadder and fergus Wolf exchange glance . cropper acknowledge blackadder , turn to Lord ash . cropper we can rest easy , Lord ash . the wedding ring be secure for the ash Collection . lord ash you beat the japanese again ? cropper of course , sir . we have very ample fund . lord ash ( repeat vaguely ) very ample fund ... Lord ash smile . cropper comment to hildebrand . ( continued ) 12 . continued : cropper please to see you father so happy . hildebrand money always excite he . cropper then we should go . no more bury treasure here . you father 's very frail . hildebrand but not frail enough . envy in he voice , as cropper collect the ring . he wheel Lord ash 's chair to the exit . blackadder and fergus gossip . fergus you have to hand it to cropper , repackage ash as a New victorian . all moral rigor and family value . pure opportunism ! -- blackadder now Newsweek pick it up , the old goat think he will get a pulitzer for he book . hideous ... ( beat ) but I would not trust anyone , face with cropper 's loot ... blackadder rush up to cropper . blackadder congratulation , Professor cropper . cropper ah , Professor ... Dr. Wolf ... look at this ring . wonderful thing ... he proudly hold up the ring before they . all look on . cropper I remember when my father would amuse himself by place the treasure of he own collection in my sweaty paw ... ( more ) ( continued ) 13 . continued : cropper ( cont 'd ) ( stroking he palm ; sensuously ) ' '' here , morty , my boy , ' he would say . '' here be history to hold in you hand . ' priceless ... blackadder surely a strain even for you budget . effortlessly superior , cropper smile condescendingly . cropper at the cropper Foundation , we do not have a budget . just a check book . blackadder , fergus watch he wheel Lord ash out . ext . roland flat ( stoke newington ) - spinning bicycle wheel - night roland ride up the lane of rundown stoke newington . outside a tall victorian house , roland stop , bring he bicycle up step . open he door , and enter -- int . roland house - hallway - night lock he bicycle in the hall , he pick up a pile of mail . and wearily go down the stair into the basement . int . roland be flat - kitchen - night portrait of randolph Henry ash stare down at a kitchen table . cat gather , miaowing for food , as -- val , he long - time girl friend , set down before roland a plate of lamb and ratatouille . it 's reheat , and like they relationship , tepid , and potentially poisonous . roland shall I get a bottle of wine ? val you should have think of that before . roland dutifully pick at the meat . then -- ( continued ) continued : 14 . roland I make a amazing discovery today !-- val it will go cold . roland I be in the London Library . I find ash 's own copy of donne poem with all he note in the margin . and I be sure no one know it be there -- val I expect they do not . roland ... if I tell blackadder , I know he will think it 's important -- val I expect he will . roland see the bad mood . like a storm gather strength . roland I be sorry to bore you , Val . it do look exciting . I can write it up . it will make I a better job prospect val there be no job . and if there be , they go to fergus Wolf -- Val get up from the table . roland dutifully prod the lamb . roland if you think what I do be so unimportant -- val ( lighting a cigarette ) you do what turn you on . you have this thing about this dead man . who have a thing about dead people . that 's okay , but not everyone be very bother about all that ... ( more ) ( continued ) 15 . continued : val ( cont 'd ) ( draw on cigarette ) I see some thing , from my menial vantage point in my lawyer 's office . last week , when euan and I roland start to feed cat below the table . roland who ...? val a lawyer . in my office ... oh , never mind . Val turn to he . at first slowly , calmly . then louder ... val I suppose I envy you , piece together old ash 's world picture . only where do that leave you , old mole ? what 's you world picture ? and how be you ever go to afford to get we away from drip cat - piss and be on top of one another ?! roland stare , stricken by Val 's show of temper . roland something 's upset you , have not it ? val seem a reasonable deduction . ext. / int . roland flat ( stoke newington ) - bedroom - night Three a.m. outside a dilapidate victorian house , a breeze rustle through a tree 's leave . move in through a window , where Val lie in bed , alone . outside the bedroom -- int . roland be flat - bathroom - night sitting on the lower loo seat , roland go over the letter . he stare at the handwrite , hear ash 's voice . ( continued ) 16 . continued : ash ( v.0 . ) . dear madam , Excuse this letter to a stranger ... ' rustled by wind , with a strange , harmonic music , the letter hover delicately in he hand . haunted by roland 's ... dream - ext . house - crabb robinson party ( black & white ) - day as ash escort ellen into the house , he carry on through a party , inside a conservatory of Oriental plant which conceal guest play blind man 's bluff . ash see a woman , head turn away . on that look -- ash ( v.0 . ) since we pleasant and unexpected conversation at crabb Robinson 's party , I have think of nothing else ... ' ash be draw towards the woman -- freeze on he expression , he feature turn as if to stone , as -- end of dream . int . university of london library - at desk - next day crisp page of a yellowing volume . roland read the journal of crabb Robinson . a entry under 1858 . crabb robinson ( v.0 . ) June 18 , 1858 . my breakfast party go off very well indeed . I have with I : Mr. bagehot , Mr. ash , Mrs. jameson ... Professor spear , Mrs. lee , miss La motte and she friend miss glover , the last somewhat taciturn ... ' roland lock up , scribbles a note : " christabel La motte . " he dreamily see -- flashback - ext . crabb robinson's home ( russell square ) ( black & white ) - day ( 1858 ) in the conservatory , ash , as before , walk towards a woman , turn away from he ( and we ) . ( continued ) 17 . continued : the host , crabb robinson , a mustachioe aesthete , observe he guest . crabb robinson ( v.0 . ) ash have never meet miss La motte , who speak more forcefully than I expect . she be surprisingly handsome when animated ... ' in black and white we see as distant shadow -- ash with a woman -- christabel La motte -- and behind she , another woman -- blanche glover , a attractive , but less confident artist . crabb robinson ( v.0 . ) . we all discuss with Mrs. lee she claim to have converse with the spirit of Charlotte bronte ... Mr. ash appeal to miss La motte on the question of vision and second sight ; she decline to express a opinion , answer only with a mona Lisa smile . ' from ash and christabel 's smile : rapturous , intense ... end _of flashback . CUT to : closeup as roland double - underline the name " christabel La motte . " he take he slip of paper to -- int . university of london library - index - day stand in a catalogue room , trousers still coiled by bicycle clip , roland flick through the card in a gargantuan index . under " L , " he rummages until he find the reference ... on card roland ( mumble ) La ... La ... La ... La motte . ( continued ) 18 . continued : " La motte , christabel 1825-1890 . Poet , critic . " roland jot down a reference : 719.640 . move down to related literature . roland hold a card at arm 's length . from behind , a voice : fergus ( 0.8 . ) I do not know you have a interest in christabel La motte ... roland turn , see fergus peer over he shoulder . fergus reach over to investigate the card . and laugh . roland I do not . I never hear of she until now . ( beat ) why do you laugh ? fergus you be look for a involuntary expert . there be two people in the world who know all about christabel La motte . one be Professor leonora stern from tallahassee . the real expert be Doctor maud Bailey at lincoln . cropper and I meet they both in Paris . a conference on sexuality and textuality . ( beat ) a formidable pair ... they have quite a thing together . . roland a '' thing ' ? fergus I do not think they like man . roland oh , dear . fergus maud run a resource center up there in lincoln . cropper 's funding it . they have get christabel 's papers there . if you want anything , that 's where to look . ( continued ) 19 . continued : roland I might . thanks . what 's she like ? fergus unreadable . the feminist be interested in she . wrote a poem about a fairy who marry a mortal for a soul -- roland I mean Dr. Bailey ... will she eat I up ? fergus consider briefly . a lot of undecodable feel . fergus she thick man 's blood with cold . on roland 's look , a mix of intrigue and worry -- ext . lincoln university - next day the beautiful face of maud bailey : pale and cool , like a marble statue . blonde hair up , maud stand in a doorway of a modern campus block , as past campus fountain and lawn -- roland walk toward she . as he close in , he be draw in by she beauty . he recognize it , yet can not even admit it . she be middle - class , beautiful , confident : everything he dare not aspire to . maud you must be Dr. michell ? roland yes ... roland ... maud offer he she long , cool hand . roland put down he briefcase , shake she hand . maud I hope you have not waste you journey , Dr. michell . with neither a word nor a smile , maud turn , walk into the faculty building . roland take a step , remember he briefcase . turn back to pick it up , and have to -- catch up with maud , now several step ahead , open a door to -- 20 . int . faculty hall ( lincoln university ) - day in a new building of beige wood and tinted glass , maud walk with roland towards a elevator . Young , punky female student walk past , ring in they nose , hold hand . roland see no man . maud on the phone you say you find a connection between randolph and ash and one of my poet . roland I find a draft of a letter in one of ash 's book . I think it might be to christabel La motte . maud what sort of letter ? roland a love letter , I think . maud hard to believe . where 's you evidence ? maud press the button for the elevator . they wait . roland there be a breakfast party , June 18 , 1858 . at the home of crabb Robinson . I believe they meet one another there -- maud you can never rely on crabb Robinson . he be a notorious gossip , always invent thing ... the elevator ping , open door . maud and roland step inside . roland of course , but he have some curious detail ... int . elevator - day Inside the elevator , roland and maud be uncomfortably close together , as they go down into the resource center 's basement . ( continued ) continued : el . roland : he say ash and christabel discuss each other 's poem . and meet the spiritualist Mrs. lee . it sound plausible to I . in 1861 , ash write mummy possest after a seance -- maud my christabel be interested in spiritualism . but I do not think ash would have appeal to she . his poem be full of hatred for woman -- roland then it 's probably a wild goose chase . as you say . ( beat ) I hope you do not think I have make all this up . this relationship -- _ maud you say connection . ' now it 's a relationship ? roland between two people . two human being . be not that normally call a relationship ? maud depend . I think you theory be way off the mark . it sound , frankly , a little bizarre . maud turn away , head off into the library . roland follow she . roland I need to cross-reference it with she journal . you do say christabel keep a journal ... maud no . but we have a diary by a friend of christabel . a artist , blanche glover ... roland crabb Robinson mention miss glover . who be she ? ( continued ) 22 . continued : maud pick up interest . the elevator ping , door open . they walk out of the elevator , towards the library door . maud blanche be christabel 's housemate - - and most certainly she lover . in front of the door , roland hang back . maud hold the door open . roland be I allow in ? maud naturally . int . library ( lincoln university ) - resource CENTER - day on a desk , maud bring out a box of musty manuscript . she pick a single volume , place it on the desk in front of roland . a thick , green , leather - bound notebook . maud blanche 's diary be among christabel 's papers when she die . leonora be look for a grant to have it edit . she 's find a researcher from France who 's interested . but we can not go through everything ... roland then I will let you know what I find . maud be about to go . she relent , give in to she curiosity . maud I check my file before you arrive . christabel only refer to ash . in a letter she write to William rosetti , towards the end of she life . ( beat ) it be ... if anything ... hostile . ( beat ) you have a couple of hour . roland sit at a desk . illuminate by a shaft of overhead light . 23 . on cover a gild dove , fly out from a keyhole . he open the lavishly - illustrate book , with marble endpaper . " a Journal of we Home - life in we House in Richmond " by blanche glover commence on the day of we setting up House May ist , 1853 . " as roland flick to June 1858 , she write be decorate with pretty drawing , slowly merge into swirl , macabre image . blanche ( v.0 . ) ... June 18 , 1858 . we go out to breakfast at Mr. crabb Robinson 's home . present be Mr. bagehot , Mrs. lee , Mr. ash the poet , though without Mrs. ash , who be indispose ... ' in he mind 's eye -- roland try to penetrate a misty cloud flashback - ext . crabb robinson's house ( russell square ) ( silver nitrate black & white ) - day ( 1858 ) in a garden conservatory , ash move towards a beautiful woman , back turn away from he . behind she , as ash draw closer be -- a woman , we now recognize as -- blanche glover . blanche ( v.0 . ) '... the princess be much admire and rightly ... ' ash be intercept by hella lees , a spiritualist . who introduce the beautiful woman : christabel LA motte , a beguile pre-raphaelite brunette . blanche ( v.0 . ) '... she profess to like Mr. ash 's poem ragnarok greatly . which naturally flatter he ... ' christabel return ash 's smile . modestly flirtatious , she be draw into he orbit , stare deep into he eye . blanche ( v.0 . ) '... this famous poet would have be much surprised to know my true opinion ... ' ( continued ) 24 . continued : blanche watch ash walk with christabel away from she . blanche ( v.0 . ) '... but I smile and nodd as best I might , keep my thought to myself . ( beat ) I desire to be at home . ' blanche hold in she hand a book , with a emboss gild dove on its cover . then -- intercut with : roland check the clock , flip through yellowing page of blanche 's journal , fill with portrait of christabel . blanche ( v.0 . ) '... my princess be much exercise about a long letter which arrive today , which she do not show I , but smile over , and catch up and fold away ... ' slowly she portrait change into macabre drawing of serpent and goblin . roland return to a page he 's skimm : blanche ( v.0 . ) '... letter , letter letter ... ' int . blanche & christabel house ( 1858 ) - dusk in the hallway , a pile of letter . christabel pick they up , head upstairs . follow at a distance , by blanche : her face brood and suspicious . as christabel drop a letter -- blanche pick it up , go to the door , confront she with it . christabel run upstairs , sobbing ... blanche ( v.0 . ) ' ... not for I . you need not hurry they away ... ' inside her room christabel hide letter in she sewing basket , fold they under handkerchyeve . outside , through the keyhole -- ( continued ) 25 . continued : blanche ( v.0 . ) '... I be no sneak , no governess . from that fate you rescue I , my princess , as I shall rescue you from yours ... ' blanche spy in . extreme closeup - in Iris her eye large , unblink . blanche move back , stare out the window . the pane frame she face . a storm be beginning . by candlelight -- blanche ( v.0 . ) '... now we have a prowler ... ' blanche see tree shadow move across window . rain and wind howl outside . window frame rattle , blanche 's anger mount . as branch scrape over window -- blanche ( v.0 . ) ' ... I hear he out there . a wolf at the door ... ' blanche watch as from outside something bang against a door . a low moan of cracking wood . a latch be batter until ready to give . in a reflection , blanche see -- blanche ( v.0 . ) '... this peeping Tom have put he eye to we wall . now he peer shamelessly in ...! a man 's face -- ash -- boom ! a sudden gust of wind . window and shutter be blow in -- rain pour through . a silhouette -- a face like ash . then the window burst open splinter of glass fly towards blanche -- smash CUT to : int . library - night silence . dusk have turn to night . beneath a isolate pool of overhead light , roland look up from the diary into darkness . among the shelf , a shadow stir . from the darkness -- maud do you find anything ? ( continued ) 26 . continued : maud step into the light . stun , roland close the book . roland I think so . alone together in the desert library . unexpectedly intimate , even erotic . maud perches on a desk . roland do you know about this prowler blanche be so worried about ? the wolf at the door ? maud you think it may have be ash ? you see she drawing . blanche have a vivid imagination . on the desk , roland and maud flick through blanche 's macabre drawing of labial flower and serpent ' tongue . roland and be jealous . maud possibly . if christabel be she lover . Lovers do get jealous , do not they ? roland what happen to blanche ? maud she drown in the Thames , shortly after complete this book . suicide . christabel be distraught . it be all very sad . ( beat ) but it 's get late . roland I need to find out what happen next . maud sorry , not tonight . the center 's close . roland look at maud . realize now or never . roland then I would better explain . ( continued ) 27 . continued : roland take out the two steal letter from he pocket . he toss they on the table . maud start to read they . roland I find this . they're in ash 's handwrite . maud you be sure they be authentic ? roland I have check . they be date June 19 , 1858 . maud the day after crabb Robinson 's party . roland precisely . if I can find something definite , they could change we whole idea of ash . ( beat ) and perhaps of christabel . maud 's pulse quicken . she finish , look up , regain she composure . sense they importance . roland I have not show they to anyone else . no one else know they exist . I find they in a book in the London Library . maud you steal they -- ? roland I do not think they be mine , or anything . but they be not cropper 's or blackadder 's or Lord ash 's either . do not you see ? my ash live a quiet and exemplary marry life . now , suddenly ... ( beat ) a love letter to a unknown woman . as roland tie himself in knot , maud be coolly accusatory . maud I suppose they might represent a considerable academic scoop . for you . ( continued ) continued : 28 . roland well , I want to be the one who do the work ... ( realize she insult ) ... wait a minute -- it be not like that . maud I be sorry . I would never have the nerve to do that . steal they ... roland it be a impulse . for the first time , I feel ash be alive in that letter . it be incredible . that 's why I need you to find out the truth about ash and christabel -- maud you know cropper fund the center . if he find out -- roland he will not . if you do not tell he . maud I can not let you xerox blanche 's diary . the spine will not stand it . maybe you could copy it out . I need to think . roland you can not throw I out . maud can I book you a guest room ? roland I do not have any money . maud I think you be work for blackadder . roland part-time . I also wash dish in a restaurant . maud mull it over . ( continued ) 29 . continued : maud you would better come back to my place . ( beat ) you can sleep on my sofa . roland look at the diary . the trace of the fade brown write . as maud 's hand rest close by . int . maud be flat - sitting room - night outside in the hall , maud collect bedding , play back a answering machine message from cropper , as in she sit room -- photographer from leonora , letter from the cropper Foundation . a illustrate book have be leave open for he on she desk . maud ( 0.s. ) I find something for you . a first edition of christabel 's poem , the Fairy melusina that blanche illustrate ... roland can I read it ? maud ( 0.s. ) yes . it 's very beautiful . Critic still dismiss she poetry . but I always find it strange and powerful . there 's one passage about a woman who would give anything for a child , even a hedgehog , and duly give birth to a monster ... roland look at the macabre illustration . as maud enter . roland I think blanche be sorry for the hedgehog . maud be she ? ( impressed by roland 's insight , maud examine a picture ) yes , maybe you be right . leonora think it be related to frankenstein , the product of Mary shelley 's horror of birth -- ( continued ) 30 . continued : roland thanks . I will read it . perhaps it will help I sleep ... ( realize he mistake ) I do not mean it like that . maud throw he blanket . glare at he . maud see you in the morning . there 's a train every hour . maud close the door . roland lie on the couch , listen to she in the next room . he settles down , pick up the book of christabel 's poetry , start to read . in shadowy darkness dissolve through Iris to : ext . forest of arden ( " fairy melusina land " ) - day emerge as the Iris open out into a strange dreamlike place of christabel 's secret imagination : a dark , sinister fairyland where owl cry , wolf howl . through a enchant silver forest -- a distant knight in armor dismount he weary blood - spatter horse . over , christabel whisper she poem : christabel ( v.0 . ) '... a draggle knight come riding through the tree , behind he fear , before he darkest night ... ' the knight hear a song from a hollow chamber : Inside a glass coffin , bound by silver chain and sapphire rope , lie a fairy princess in white silk . she hold a goblet up to the knight : knight ( v.0 . ) '... what I shall become , I know not . but I crave a place of rest , a draught of water , for I choke on dust ... ' the knight pull back thorny briar , step into the mossy hollow . he shatter the glass coffin , magically explode into shimmer splinter . the knight let the liquid drop on he tongue , and -- ( continued ) sl. continued : christabel ( v.0 . ) ' ... all one long look consume he soul into desire beyond the reach of hope , Beyond the touch of doubt or despair , so that he be one thing , and all he be -- ' as the knight kiss she , she golden hair wrap itself around he -- silver chain and emerald rope bind he limb , cut through he armor -- from she mouth a serpent 's tongue dart out -- pluck he eyeball from behind he chain mail visor . as the knight let out a painful roar , which freeze -- smash CUT to : int . maud be flat - sitting room - night in the book -- a horrific woodcut illustration : the fairy princess , as roland catch he breath , waking up !-- almost fall off maud 's couch . he check a clock . hear drop of water . he get up . on maud 's mantelpiece , roland be draw to -- a old photo of a young edwardian lady . he look closely at the picture : a bride clutching a bouquet of flower . on the back , a inscription : " m.b . on she wedding day . " intrigue , roland hear the dripping sound grow louder , as - int . library - resource CENTER - night in the basement , blanche 's diary lie open . shaft of moonlight on a desert hall . a breeze blow , ruffling page , past strange drawing of fly dove , as -- past a aisle of desk , walk a shadowy figure , hum a childlike song . along the floor , leather shoe squeaking , a soaking wet dress trail behind she , sound of water dripping ... as this figure vanish through double door ... 32 . int . maud be flat - bedroom - night on she bed , maud lie asleep on she pillow . a breeze blow . maud stir , something enter the room ... on maud' face drop fall like tear . above she , a pallid hand , delicate but withere . as maud 's eye flicker -- at the end of she bed -- bath in palest lilac light , blanche 's ghost stare at she , wet clothes dripping puddle of water . from she pocket -- blanche remove stone sewn with thread into cloth . she snap each thread , hurl stone up in the air over maud , where -- they do not fall , but float in the air . strange , silvery spiral shape upon jet black surface -- int . maud be flat - night Inside he room , roland be distract by strange sound : the snapping of thread , a soft humming , then ... maud ( 0.s. ) no ... no ... no ... int . maud be flat - bedroom - night still half - asleep , maud toss she head . until blanche stretch out she hand , stroke she face . desirous , tender , fill with grief , blanche lean over maud -- intercut -- roland on the other side of the door -- as -- blanche my dear princess ... blanche 's bedraggle tresses spill over maud 's face . tenderly she lower she lip in a kiss . but maud -- awake -- a shriek -- the ghost vanish , and -- roland rush in . maud sit up , sobbing . roland what be it -- ? maud I see she ... suddenly , maud look up at he -- ( continued ) 33 . continued : roland you ... maud rush into the other room , roland follow -- int . maud be flat - sitting room - dawn maud by the mantelpiece , next to the frame photo . roland enter , put he hand on she shoulder . maud I should not have let you stay . roland maud , please -- maud go back to London . I do not want you here -- maud pick up the frame photo , hurl it to the floor . maud please -- roland give she a final look : no chance but to accept . roland if that 's what you want . maud exit , shut the door behind she . roland kneel down to pick up the mess . look at the photograph : initial , " mb . " ext . lincoln station - day next day . roland wait on the platform for he train . maud wave briefly , hurry away . the train pull in , stop , passenger board . announcer ( v.0 . ) ( over loudspeaker ) the train at platform two be the London inter - City , now ready for departure ... roland look back , see maud get into she car . a whistle blows . a moment of decision before the door lock . roland -- unlock the door . get out -- 34 . ext . lincoln station - taxi stand - day in time to see maud drive away in she car . roland hail a cab , get in . set off , follow she -- ext . lincoln countryside - day maud drive out of town into hill . her car twist ' round country lane , draw roland onwards . a dark sky glower , as -- in her car maud sit stare ahead . almost trance - like . she drive to a place she obviously know well . roland follow she up to a remote village amid sweeping hill . at its edge , a churchyard . roland lose maud 's car . but as he near the church , roland -- ext . ST. ethelreda churchyard ( lincoln ) - day see she car park nearby . roland stop he taxi . driver not much ' round here . want I to wait ? roland check he pocket . no money . roland no , er ... ( a embarrassed silence ) I have do something silly . I do not have any cash -- the Driver look at he . then at he wrist watch . ext . ST. ethelreda churchyard ( lincoln ) - day ( few moment later ) the Driver zoom off -- roland 's watch now strapped to he wrist . as roland set off to search for maud . he wander round the old norman churchyard . over in the distance , stand maud . ext . ST. ethelreda churchyard ( lincoln ) - day a fierce wind blow as roland hike up towards she . ( continued ) 35 . continued : out on a hill , over a deep , narrow valley , a graveyard . maud hear he come , swivel round as he stand over she . maud I ask you to leave I alone . how do you find I ? roland sorry . I follow you . I have so many question ... ( beat ) that girl in the photograph . ' m.b. ' who be she ? maud May Bailey . christabel 's niece . roland why do you have she picture ? maud Sophie La motte be christabel 's sister . she have a daughter call maia . everyone call she may. ( beat ) she be my great- great-grandmother . roland so that 's why you be so interested in christabel . the family connection . maud no. christabel be so unhappy . I feel she be curse . I always avoid she . but she poetry always draw I back . this be where christabel die . roland look at the tombstone . in white stone , a female saint curve round a humble tomb : christabel La motte 1825 - 1890 . roland she die alone ? maud christabel never marry . she have no child . she spend she last year live with Sophie and she husband over at seal Court . ( continued ) 36 . continued : roland where be that ? nearby ? maud not far . you can see it over the hill . a gale blow fiercer . above , branch rustle and creak . roland pick up a old bouquet of rusting wire and dead chrysanthemums . roland can we visit ? maud I be afraid not . it 's not open to the public . I have never even be inside . leonora try . but she do not get on with the owner . ( beat ) the wind be get up . you should go now . I will drive you to the station . this time I will make sure you get on a train . as wind and rain blow across the saintly figure . roland look back up a hill . silhouett on the skyline , roland see glint of silver -- a person in a wheelchair , in difficulty . roland look . up there ... to maud 's annoyance , roland head off up the hill . ext . hill - day on the hilltop , a wind blow as roland rush up . maud follow behind . stuck in mud , a branch have fall in front of a lady in a wheelchair : silk scarve , hat and boot : lady joan . lady joan I seem to be stick . bog down . foolhardy , my husband say . most humiliate . can you see the offend object -- ? roland ( shifting the branch , slip ) there . it 's out of the way ... ( continued ) 37 . continued : Lady Joan let off the brake . maud arrive up the hill . maud just as well we be up here . be you alright ? lady joan I feel a bit shaky . my dog be mean to stay with I . never do . useless great lump . useless ... if you would accompany I to the foot of the track , my husband will get I -- roland I do not know round here . which way ? lady joan down there . I live at seal Court . my name 's Bailey ... Joan Bailey . I hope you do not mind . it 's not too far ... maud look at roland , who suppress a exclamation . maud we will take you there . ext . seal court - day dusk . rain . roland and maud push Lady Joan up a weed - infest driveway . a tall tower dominate a huge , crumble gothic ruin , cover in rose and vine . escape the storm , they enter -- int . seal court - hall - day a grand decaye hall . stain glass window , pugin-style carving , rotting velvet tapestry and rain dripping noisily into bucket on stone floor . lady joan better come into the servant ' hall . the only wing we use now . my husband should be there ... past a tiger rug on a wide floor , roland , maud and Lady Joan pass through a temple of taxidermy : surround by ancient stuff animal : bear , lion ... wildebeest . sadly moth - eat , dilapidate . ( continued ) 38 . continued : on wooden panell , a crest of arm : a cross shield , hold by unicorn and centaur . now fade and abandon , obviously break ... int . seal court - bailey live area - day roland and maud sit in a kitchen of fade grandeur : pile of newspaper , pot of jam , old shoe , dog food , break toaster ... her husband , sir GEORGE , sit with the sport life , watch tv horse-race . while Lady Joan serve tea from a china service , preserve a air of decorum . lady joan I suppose we must be related , miss Bailey . but the lincolnshire Bailey never get on with the norfolk Bailey . family feud . ( beat ) tea , Mr. michell ? you say you be a writer ... roland not quite . a research assistant . I be work on a scholarly edition : the complete work of ash , the victorian poet -- roland clear a space on the table . Sir George shout up from tv . sir GEORGE Old Tommy Bailey name a horse after he . can not think why ... do he at school once ... lady joan we have a sort of poet in this house ... sir GEORGE the little lady poet . terrible stuff about fairy ... lady joan Mr. michell and miss Bailey might like poetry -- sir GEORGE they can not like christabel La motte ( continued ) 39 . continued : maud I do . we be visit she grave . Sir George put down he paper , glare at maud . sir GEORGE who be that frightful nosy american female ranting about the state of the grave ? you be not in league with she -- ? maud kick roland beneath the table . smile at Sir George . maud no ... I remember christabel describe the seal Court garden in winter , as she walk there with she dog ... maud go to the window , look out onto a overgrown garden with a chip stone pond at the center . maud' Pov a ghost of a hound walk across the landscape , then vanish back to scene maud ... ' the shelter bench and the silvery fish in the little pool ... even under the ice , I could see they suspend . ' ( beat ) I have be study she life . sir GEORGE not much of a life . she shut herself away in the East wing tower . maud that 's what she must have see . lady joan the east wing 's never be use . I come here as a bride in 1929 . no one 's touch she room since then . ( continued ) 40 . continued : maud look through the window , a gothic tower in rain and wind . lady joan we must find the scone . I be afraid we do not have too many luxury here . but one have to make a exception -- ( to Sir George ) after tea , I think you should show this young people christabel 's room . that be , if they want to see . roland look at maud , whose eye betray she excitement . int . seal court - east wing tower - dusk outside , a storm . up a tower spiral staircase Sir George lead with a old lantern . maud and roland follow with the labrador , up creaking board ; night sky visible through gap in ceiling . sir GEORGE no electricity in this wing . close since the first War ... roland stumble , put he foot through a rotten board . sir GEORGE careful ... do not want to lose you .. maud and roland look up the wind stair : a panell door with a latch . Sir George try push it , then pull it open . a wind rush through , as -- int . seal court - christabel be room - dusk by lantern -light , roland and maud see a panell room with a box -bed , a mahogany desk carve with goblin , a rock horse , heavy trunk and bureau drawer . in a wall beside the bay-window -- a gape hole . a pigeon flutter out -- sir GEORGE damn -- send the lantern 's light across a mirror entwine with gild rose . ( continued ) 4l. continued : in its reflection , maud and roland see a row of -- stare tiny white face propped against a embroider cushion . maud the doll -- on the bed : three doll with china face : gold hair , black hair , and a white nightcap . all stare with blue glassy eye . maud christabel write poem about she doll . here 's one ... maud pick up the cushion : embroider with verse and daisy chain . meanwhile , as Sir George inspect rain damage roland I suppose any papers be clear from she desk . May we look ? the wind blow out he lantern . the room plunge into darkness . sir GEORGE -- not now . too windy . the board be all rotten . best wait until morning . maud Morning ...?! sir GEORGE I be sure Lady Jean will want you to stay -- maud but that 's -- roland -- very kind of she . maud , still hold the cushion , glare at roland . sir GEORGE good . joanie love have someone to talk to . int . seal court - kitchen - niche outside , a storm . Ice on the window . ( continued ) 42 . continued : steam from the kettle , as Lady Joan boil up for the hot water bottle . lady joan I think we should get the bed make up , get some hot water bottle in it now . do not you think , Dr. Bailey ? Sir George scurries across with another antique hot water bottle : maud you be sure both of we can stay . this be not a imposition -- lady joan nonsense -- sir GEORGE I will go up and see to the bed . I will need help with the sheet -- roland I will help . maud no. I will go ... Sir George and maud head upstairs . Lady Joan fill the kettle . she have take to roland , address he affectionately . lady joan I hope you have not have a tiff , or something . roland tiff ? lady joan you and you young woman . girl friend . whatever . roland oh no . that be , no tiff , and she be not -- my girl friend . I hardly know she . I have get a girl friend !-- lady joan ( not listen ) she 's a beautiful girl , Dr. Bailey . ( more ) ( continued ) 43 . continued : lady joan ( cont 'd ) stand-offish or shy , maybe both . what my mother call a chilly mortal . ( beat ; hold up a hot water bottle ) I hope you be not freeze in that great draughty room ... ext . seal court - night wind , rain . a pristine , magical set . tree fantastically hang with ice , a pond glint in moonlight , water cover with ice . frozen gold and silver fish swim beneath the surface , glow . int . seal court - bedroom - night in the old main bedroom , roland -- in old jumper -- make up a armchair as a bed . bitterly cold . as they talk , maud get undress , behind a screen . maud you do not have to stay the night . roland Lady Joan want we to . they think we be a couple . besides , they will let we look at christabel 's room tomorrow . maud I could have come back on my own . roland you be stick with I now . you would never have get in here without I . maud that do not mean I be grateful . turn around ... roland dutifully snuggle into the armchair , as maud emerge from behind the screen in she bedtime outfit : a sugar-pink winceyette nightdress over long john , knitted mitten , arran sweater . roland then I will have to tell Sir George how you and leonora be such good friend . I be sure he would be very interested ... ( continued ) 44 . continued : maud you would not do that ... roland of course I would . leonora must have really offended he . as maud get into she bed , for add protection from the cold and roland , she put on a knitted balaclava . only she eye be visible , peeping out . maud ( get into bed ) she only complain about the state of christabel 's grave . but she get Sir George all upset . it end with he fire shot -- roland attempt murder . that 's handy for blackmail . maud I have hear enough from you . I want to go to sleep . maud roll over , a embroider cushion next to she head . roland lie stare at the ceiling . roland you know , in the beginning , they be very romantic -- maud who ? roland ash and ellen . he take she to the south of France for they honeymoon maud roland , this be no time for a lecture -- roland I always think of they as have a perfect marriage , no child , just life devote to poetry -- ( continued ) 45 . continued : maud just like christabel -- roland at least they have something in common . maud good night , roland . roland good night . maud grab the cushion . roland switch out the light . darkness . int . seal court - bedroom - night in another far-away bedroom , smother in blanket and paraffin stove , lie Sir George and Lady Joan , fast asleep . with the labrador curl up between they . int . seal court - bedroom - night ( 2:00 am ) roland awake . roland maud ...? maud be not beside he . nor be the cushion . the candle have burnt down . he get out of bed , light another . int . seal court - corridor and staircase - night out into corridor , roland step with he light . he walk down a long hallway , reach the east wing , the door to the tower . up spiral staircase roland walk up , up , up . he reach the panell door . he pause , pull the door open , enter to see -- int . seal court - christabel bedroom - night by candlelight , wind still howl in . roland see -- the golden-haire doll . he pick it up . and -- as he stoops down , roland look up to see -- maud . he gasp in shock -- ( continued ) 46 . continued : maud quiet -- !! they might hear we -- roland -- what be you do -- ? maud point to the embroider cushion : a poem , sewn in a childish design around a daisy chain . maud I could not sleep . I think dolly be hide something . look ... ( beat ) '... dolly keep a secret , safer than a friend . dolly 's Silent Sympathy last without end . Friends may betray we , dolly 's lip be seal . could dolly tell on we ? much she conceal ...' ( beat ) give I the knife . roland hand she the knife , maud unpick a knotted ribbon . as the ribbon unravel , the silk gown open up , pad spill out , and -- maud something 's inside ... among tuft of duck down -- a package . wrapped in white linen with tape like a mummy . maud unwrap it , and out fall two bundle of OPEN letter maud pick up one pile : in handwrite : " randolph Henry ash esq. , 29 Russell Square , London . " roland pick up the other , to " miss christabel La motte , bethany , mount ararat Road , Richmond . " roland ash 's handwrite . look at the date . he do send it . how do you know ? maud I do not . ( beat ) this be christabel 's write too . read yours . ( continued ) 47 . continued : roland pick out a letter , write in ash 's distinctive handwrite . he can hardly speak -- roland ( read the letter ) ' ... dear miss La motte , Excuse this letter to a stranger . it be a great pleasure to talk to you at dear crabbe 's breakfast party . May I hope you too enjoy we talk -- and may I have the pleasure of call on you ...?!' ( to maud ) and the answer ? do she answer ? maud take a letter , carefully unfold it . maud ( read the letter ) the next day . '... dear Mr. ash , I be a creature of my Pen , my Pen be the best of I , and I enclose a poem , in earnest of my great goodwill towards you ... ' roland go on . please ... maud hold up the letter . about to read , then -- maud no . it would not be right . roland Excuse I ? maud you should read ash 's letter . i'11 read christabel 's . roland but why ? maud that be the poet that interest each of we -- roland but they be write to one another !-- ( continued ) continued : 48 . maud that 's not the point . how can I be expect to remember christabel 's word -- ? roland but if they be love letter , do not you want to hear what he write to she ? maud roland , please . this be not the time for you theory -- maud freeze he with a glance . they settle on the floor , both take they respective pile . and sit there , open letter in silence . roland open he , read a little -- then stare at maud . who produce from she pocket a pencil and some index card . roland what be you do ? maud I have some card . I need to record she observation . it 's a system I use at the center -- roland this be ridiculous -- maud I have to be methodical . we can eross-refer later . just because you be unprepare -- roland unprepare -- ? it 's the middle of the night . I want to get a sense of what happen to they , how they feel maud roland , you be a scholar . there 's no need to get carry away . maud go back to read . coldly hostile , she do not look up . roland pick up he letter , start read . silence . they sense be draw into the word , until -- ( continued ) 49 . continued : roland ( v.0 . ) ( from the letter ) ' ... dear miss La motte , you encourage I more by you permission to write again , than by you wish not to be see . perhaps you will tell I about you Fairy melusina poem ... ' roland stop read . he look across at maud . who frown with concentration , make neat note . roland sorry to interrupt ... ( as maud look up ) be christabel still live in Richmond when she write the Fairy melusina ? maud yes . roland with blanche ...? ( as maud nod ) hmmm ... maud why do you ask ? roland ash seem to have write to christabel about she poem . at some length ... maud oh ...? roland yes. quite interesting ... roland let it drop . but maud 's curiosity be pique . maud May I look ? roland a quick glance . maud peer over , see the reference . look up . maud what do he say ? ( continued ) 50 . continued : roland I do not know . I be just in the middle ... maud of course . maybe you could ... roland read it aloud ? maud just the reference to she poem -- roland of course . if you insist ... as roland start to read aloud : flashback - ext . blanche and christabel house ( richmond ) - day ( 1858 ) the postman walk up to they door , carry the letter clearly in view . he pop it through the letter box , !as !-- roland ( v.0 . ) '... perhaps you will tell I about you own Fairy melusina poem ... ' from the front window , christabel watch he go . she -- int . blanche and christabel house ( richmond ) - day ( 1858 ) -- run ' round to the hall , to pick up the letter . she run upstairs , unaware of blanche emerge from downstairs . ash ( v.0 . ) '... by you write may I come to know you most secret self , though my eye never see you person . when I write , then I know ... you friend , randolph ash ...! end of flashback . CUT back to : 51 . roland and maud catch in a spell , in each other 's eye . roland how do she reply ? maud go for the next letter . then pause , electrify -- maud I can not go on . my hand be tremble . roland let I find it for you . ( fiddle among the letter ) it 's the next day . they be write every day . roland select the right datemark , pull out the fade letter , hand it to maud . roland do you want to read it ? maud just this one ... who tremble as she open it up . she look up at roland , as she read -- maud '... my dear friend , how shall I answer ? you inspiration mean so much to I . yet I feel I can not continue we correspondence . blanche and I have make a pact , choose a way of life . I can not choose to break it ... ' roland watch maud read , he eye over she face in the candlelight . sense they deep immersion in this love story . dissolve through to : flashback ( black and white ) - ext . richmond street - night a rainstorm . up the hill , christabel and blanche walk , follow at a distance by footstep . outside they house , blanche pause , turn suspiciously . she see nobody . they enter they house -- ( continued ) 52 . continued : christabel ( v.0 . ) '... you will say you be no threat to that . I know the threat be there . perhaps it would be better if we cease to correspond ... ' int . blanche and christabel house - night the wind howl . a storm blow . from inside , blanche look out from behind shutter . the night of " the prowler " ... christabel ( v.0 . ) '... the world would not look well upon such letter between a woman and a marry man -- even if that man be a great and wise poet . you friend , christabel La motte ... ' down the street , stand a man in black cloak and umbrella , next to a hansom cab . windswept , lash by rain , reveal -- ash , eye fix upon the house . through tree on the window : blanche . crash -- !! the window smashes , splinter -- ash ( v.0 . ) '... I can not forgive myself . I have no design on you freedom . I know too well the unhappiness a lack of freedom can bring . this must be you choice . and yet ... ' ext . richmond house - day a postman arrive , put the letter into the letterbox . ash ( v.0 . ) '... we inspiration be so rare , so special , I cannot think it better if we cease to correspond ...! int . richmond house - day through the letterbox , the postman 's letter fall to the floor . it lie on the hallway , like a evil omen . ( continued ) 53 . continued : ash ( v.0 . ) '... I shall send you the manuscript of my new poem , with the ink barely dry , inspire by the think of you ... ever yours most truly ... ' christabel pick up the letter , only to reveal -- blanche upstairs behind she . she swoops down , snatch the letter , take out page of handwritten poetry . christabel try to retrieve -- a struggle . blanche throw off christabel 's hand , who recoil . blanche take the poem , hold it up in front of she -- christabel ( v.0 . ) '... I dare not write more . you poem be lose . I can not be sure any further letter of yours will reach I ... ' christabel walk upstairs , enter she room , close the door . christabel ( v.0 . ) '... and shall I give up ? no , I will not . if it be possible for you to walk in Richmond Park at eleven , I shall be there ...! out of the window , christabel see blanche leave the house . blanche's Pov she look back up at christabel , like a princess in the tower . blanche clutches the letter in she cloak , hurry away . end of flashback . int . attic - christabel bedroom - night maud look up at roland , face by lantern light , surround by letter . roland open up another , hand it to maud , who pause . gently touch he hand , listen to the wind howling -- maud they be here with we now . be not they ... ( continued ) 54 . continued : roland look into she eye . maud pick up a letter , open it . in christabel 's handwrite , the word seem terrifyingly real : maud ( read ) ' ... this be a moment of madness . you have summon I out of my tower -- and out of my wit . I do not think you would come ...!' the wind howl , and with a roll of thunder -- flashback - ext . richmond park - day ( 1858 ) Black cloud . a lightning STORM roll . lose in a silver forest , he horse tethere nearby , christabel turn towards ash . his eye on hers , she pale face tremble , she hold out she hand to he . ash ( v.0 . ) '... and then it be my madness . for in that moment , I could take you hand ... or not . do the deed , or turn back forever . I be able to choose either path ... ' ash reach out , take she hand , glove . put it to he cheek . ash ( v.0 . ) '... and now only the one . ' the moment of contact be too much . christabel watch as ash take she glove , slowly unpeel it . let it lie limply , then -- kiss she hand . a moment of perfect stillness . and in that moment , for the first time , we hear christabel 's voice : christabel what be we to do ? ash and christabel stare into one another 's eye . on ash ash ( v.0 . ) '... there be a fire within we which must burn ... 55 . int . ash' house ( russell square ) - day ( 1858 ) by candlelight inside he study , ash sit with he book , compose a letter to christabel . in the b.g. -- ash ( v.0 . ) ' ... I have a plan to go away to Yorkshire . there be reservation for two . I beseech you to accompany I . ( beat ) I shall wait at noon . St. agnes 's Church . ' ellen hover like a ghost , peer out of the window . she look out to raindrop on the windowpane . a servant remove ash 's bag , ash kiss ellen upon the cheek . and head downstairs . ext . ash' house ( russell square ) - day a driver wait , luggage and gear on a carriage . ash give a letter for christabel to a messenger . who race off . the horse set off , ash in the back . a clock chime . one , two , three ... ash ( v.0 . ) '... I write in haste . I fear you answer -- I know not whether to depart or no ...' besides ash 's carriage , another black carriage pull up with a white crest . then as blanche step out -- int . ST . agnes' church - day ( 1858 ) at the back of the knave , ash kneel in prayer . he hear the clock strike twelve . ash turn , see a outside door open slowly . daylight come into darkness . the candle flutter as -- maud ( v.0 . ) do she go with he ...? int . seal court - christabel be room - day ( present ) Dawn . maud and roland lie together , surround by the letter . roland there 's one leave . ( continued ) 56 . continued : maud you read it ... roland pick up a final letter . from christabel 's pile . he read it in silence , intrigue by its content . roland it 's from christabel . she ask ash to return all she letter -- maud be there any more ? there must be ... frustrate , maud rummages among the letter . suddenly , a door open , maud and roland look up to see -- Sir George stare at they . sir GEORGE what in hell 's name -- ? on the floor , letter be fan out . doll lie , ribbon untied , dress unravelle . maud and roland look up at Sir George . roland Sir ... we find letter from ash and christabel -- maud this could change everything -- Sir George point he hunt gun at they . sir GEORGE hand up -- ext . / int . seal court - hall / live area - day ( later ) roland stand outside , whistling . wait for the taxi . Inside -- maud descend the staircase , see Sir George in the hall on the telephone . maud enter -- kitchen where the letter lie on a mound of yellowing newspaper . Lady Joan greet she sympathetically . maud once it 's know this letter exist , everyone will be at you door . everyone . ( continued ) 57 . continued : lady joan oh , dear ... Sir George have a fizzing temper . I be sorry you have to go . from outside , the taxi beeps its horn . roland wave to maud . maud so be i. ext . ST . ethelreda's church - day voom , voom -- ! maud revs up she car outside the church where they leave it . she pull out past the taxi which drop they . beside she , roland look downcast . roland they must be worth a fortune . maud we both have the same instinct . to play they down . cropper would love to get he hand on they . do you think we should tell he -- ? roland no -- they would be in New Mexico tomorrow . he 's have to sit on they . or he whole theory about ash would be blow away -- maud Sir George would be a lot richer . he could mend that house -- roland I do not know why I feel so possessive about the damned thing . they be not mine . maud we find they . and they be private . they be love letter . I will bet Sir George will sell they ... a moment pass . roland be agitate . he turn to maud . roland we should make a pact . if one of we find out any more , he or she tell the other , and no one else . ( continued ) 58 . continued : maud come to a crossroad . Left to lincoln , right to the North . she pause . then revs up , set off . roland expect to turn leave -- to lincoln . she turn right . roland you go the wrong way . maud we be not go back to lincoln . roland where be we head ? maud whitby ... ( beat ) we have to find out . do christabel go there with ash ? maud stare at roland . hold on he expression . as the b.g. whizze past -- extreme closeup a intense sound of wheel pounding a clickety -clack rhythm -- a relentless hiss of steam and roaring FIRE , that burst into a piercing whistle -- that tear through time , as -- smash CUT to : flashback - int . train - railway carriage ( yorkshire ) - day ( 1859 ) Black smoke billow in a hellish cloud , as a iron juggernaut zoom on , landscape zip past a window at breakneck speed , as -- in dazzling VIVID color -- ash look out of a window , with a patch of warm breath . a glove hand wipe through the haze to reveal , in the reflection , christabel 's face in bright sunlight . both nervous , they sit opposite one another . both with book upon they knee , ash suddenly look up . he have be plan he speech -- ash forgive this boldness . what I do not know be ... whether you wish to travel as my wife . it be a large step -- ( continued ) 59 . continued : christabel I want to be with you . I be quite happy to be call you wife . that be what I have understand I -- we -- have decide . ash you must not regret this . christabel of course I shall regret . so will you , will you not ? but that be of no importance at this time . silence . then from he pocket , a box : inside , a gold signet ring . ash I hope you will accept this ring . christabel my resolution be as strong as yours . she produce she own ring , jade with initial " C . " they smile . ash peel off she glove . he push he ring over hers . christabel so ... it be do . ash hold onto she hand . suddenly with a whoosh of smoke the train plunge into flicker darkness of a tunnel . ash press she hand to he lip . shard of sunlight flicker like a kinematoscope on he face , ash let she finger fall . then -- into light again -- ash turn she leather glove in he hand , smoothing its soft leather pocket back into shape like a fetish . stare at she . ext . / int . whitby HOTEL - dusk ( 1859 ) late sun . a white hotel , perch on a cliff look out to sea . as if in a vivid dream -- ash and christabel dismount from a horse - draw carriage . the hotelier mrs . cammish organize the baggage : hatboxes , trunk , collect box , net , write desk . which be carry upstairs , as -- ash and christabel go to a window . a view over cliff , of grey sea . ash there . the german sea . like steel , with life in it . ( continued ) 60 . continued : christabel it remind I of the breton coast . which be in some sense my home . it 's so changeable . Blue and clear one day , the next dark and wild . ash ( awkwardly ) I -- we -- must go there too . there be so many place . even around here . such curious northern name . ugglebarnby . jugger howe . howl moor -- christabel on the map , I see one . the boggle hole . she start to laugh . ash smile too . ash the boggle hole ... ( laugh too ) do you like the sound of that ? then we shall go there . ash say it agreeably . christabel relax a little . christabel I should like that . very much . outside , a wind blow in from the sea , as -- end _of flashback . smash CUT to : int . whitby HOTEL , dine room - dusk outside a picture window , a tall tree rustle in the wind . in a large victorian room now with modern furniture -- maud and roland at a table , busy with pile of book and note . map open beside cropper 's biography of ash , roland jot down name ... boggle hole . roland there 's a place on the map , the boggle hole . that 's a nice word . maybe we could go -- ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 61 . roland ( cont 'd ) ( off maud deep in she book ) found anything ? maud ( look up ) I have be read ash 's love poem . most love poetry be only talk to itself . but ash be not . I think he be talk to she . roland to ellen -- maud no , christabel . ( beat ) I like they now . roland I be glad you like something about he . maud I do not say I do not like ash . I only think christabel would not like he . I have be try to imagine he . they . roland they must have be in a extreme state . a moment of madness bring they here , throw they life up in the air . just like we !-- maud they be in love . roland of course . do not you envy they ? maud I do not know . we never say the word love , do we . it 's always sex . we see it everywhere . we say we be drive by desire , but we can not see it as they do . ( continued ) 62 . continued : roland sometimes I feel that the best state be to be without desire . I have this image of a clean empty bed in a clean empty room , where nothing be ask or to be ask -- maud that 's what I think about too , when I be alone . the same image . a empty bed in a empty room . ai1l white . roland exactly the same . outside , a gust of wind rustle leave . Mrs. cammish enter with a tray , maud press she napkin to she lip , dab she mouth . maud how strange . instinctively , maud stare down at she napkin . in that moment -- closeup on the imprint of she lipstick -- CUT to : flashback - int . whitby HOTEL - dine room - dusk ( 1859 ) christabel lower she napkin politely , stare back at ash seat opposite . as a 19th century Mrs. cammish fuss at the table . now a private dining suite , decorate in victorian damask finery . mrs . cammish you lady wife be look a bit peaky , sir . not eat she food ? ash Soup . boil hake and potato . cutlet and peas . arrowroot mold and treacle tart . we have dine well , Mrs. cammish . ( continued ) 63 . continued : mrs . cammish a spot of sea air . that 's the tonic for you wife , sir . I can tell , she 's a chilly mortal -- Mrs. cammish breezily remove she tray , exit . christabel smile politely , as ash take out a thin cigarillo from a silver case . ash Mrs. cammish be right . you must enjoy the sea air . christabel perhaps it be consider a wifely pursuit . I think Mrs. cammish consider I lack in wifely virtue . ash light the cigarillo , take a lung - full of smoke . ash I care not for such wifely virtue . ( beat ) will you go up first , my dear ? christabel stand up , strain but mock . she smile . christabel if you wish , my dear ... christabel take a light candle , exit . ash walk to the window . enjoy he cigar smoke curling in front of he , the crash of the sea below , as Mrs. cammish reappear . ash do you have a cognac ? mrs . cammish nothing french in this house , sir . ash quite so . ( to himself , beneath he breath ) '' Le degout , c'est voir juste . apre la possession , l'amour voit juste chez les homme ...' -- balzac . mrs . cammish no cognac , and no balzac , neither , sir . ( continued ) 64 . continued : ash ( beat ) good night , Mrs. cammish . Mrs. cammish exit . ash blow a last puff of cigar smoke , then -- int . whitby HOTEL - hallway and stair - night ( 1859 ) ash walk down a dark hall , past tower plant , elaborate mosaic , to the stair . Maids dutifully wax wood , shine brass . . ash ( v.0 . ) dear ellen ... today I make a curious geological discovery .. ash mount stair , footstep muffle by carpet . he near the top , on he face -- dread and wonder . ash walk down the corridor . ash ( v.0 . ) adornment may be make here from ancient ammoniate fossil , creature long dead but not vanish . they be jet black , with a special silver lustre . in this very marvel of science , I now see a perfect miracle ... ' two chambermaid walk past ash , curtsey . ash stub out he cigarillo on a brass ashtray . he stand in front of the room , then open the door -- int . whitby HOTEL - bedroom - night ( 1859 ) ash enter a dark , candle - light room . on a chair sit a -- crinoline petticoat like a collapse cage , all steel hoop and strap . to one side , a brass bed : where christabel stand , she back to he , arm on the rail , in a corset . christabel I need some assistance . ash move over to she . his finger pick up fine , long lace ; unthread , tremble over bone silk ; he fumble , drop they . ( continued ) 65 . continued : ash I be inexperienced in such matter . christabel do not look back . she pull she hair up to reveal the nape of she neck , downy hair by candlelight . ash see the swell of she breast , as he plant ... a kiss upon she bare shoulder . and with a whisper -- ash you be safe with I . christabel I be not at all safe with you . ( beat ) but I have no desire to be elsewhere . ash unthread the lace . he feel the curve of she waist , she hip . slowly , as she turn to undo he collar stud , she kiss he on he neck . as ina ... montage of button and lace -- stocking unroll -- corset remove -- candle blow out -- upon bed ash embrace she . christabel be you afraid ? ash not now ... my white lady , christabel . ash take she in he arm . they lie upon the bed . ash do not fight I ... christabel I must ... on a bedside table a candle flame flicker -- . roland ( v.0 . ) and be love more than the kick galvanic ... ' dissolve through flame to : 66 . end of flashback . int . whitby HOTEL - roland bedroom - night a pool of light from a bedside lamp , as roland murmur a poem aloud from a book of ash 's poetry . roland ... or the thunder roar of the ash volcanic , thrown from some crater of earth - fire within ? ' roland walk over to the bathroom . a heavy , latch door . he knock , no reply . then open the door -- int . whitby HOTEL - bathroom - night the door swing in -- in slow motion . steam gather in cold air . roland nearly fall over a part - naked figure !-- maud in a silken robe , who steady herself on he shoulder roland throw up a hand , clasp she supple body beneath she robe -- maud gasp . a electric current between they -- roland I knock -- I be sorry ... roland briefly clutches the silk . he let it go , as if stung . he see she hair -- damp , over bare shoulder and neck . bead of water , run down to she breast . maud ( compose herself ) I wait some time for you to use the bathroom . roland so do I . I be look for a light maud well ... ( close she robe ) no harm do . roland no. maud -- roland reach out , maud withdraw . ( continued ) 67 . continued : roland if we do not find anything , I be sorry for get you into this . I know it be my fault . maud it 's okay . I do not blame you . roland I want we to find something , together . I really do . and if we reach a dead end , then ... maud I want this to happen too . we will think of something . ( beat ) good night . maud exit , close the door . leave roland in the foggy steam , look at himself in the mirror -- in which he see a blurred figure . he wipe away the steam to see a swirl of white sheet -- flashback - int . whitby HOTEL - bedroom - night ( 1859 ) in darkness , ash awake . not beside he . he see she over by a windowseat . in a swirl of sheet , he get up , go over . find she shaking silently , with tear . he put out a arm . ash what be it , my dear ? christabel how can we bear it ? for so short a time . how can we sleep this time away ? ash we can pretend that we have all the time in the world . christabel and every day we shall have less . and then none . ash would you rather have have nothing at all ? christabel no . we be here , we be now . let I hold you ... ( continued ) 68 . continued : christabel caress ash . he kiss she neck , she breast . christabel you will burn I up . ash then let we burn until we be both consume ... ash kiss she . draw he hand down she body to she breast ash now I know you , truly . christabel yes , I admit . you know I ... through the open window , a wind blow , ruffling she hair . a breeze float through the room , as -- int . whitby HOTEL - bedroom - night ( present ) a breeze waft through , ruffling she hair , awaken maud from she dream to hear christabel 's voice ... half - dream , half -real . christabel ( 0.8 . ) admit . you know I ... in pale dawn light , maud see letter scattered over she table . then over by the windowseat -- christabel sit look out , head turn away , hair blow in the breeze ... through the window : sea spray crash on rock : the water resemble flame of fire . frame in the window with the ghost , the reflection of the leaping flame against she face , maud get a epiphany -- maud oh my God ... roland . int . whitby HOTEL - roland bedroom - dawn roland awake to knocking at he door . groggily he get up , go to the door . open it to see -- maud . ( continued ) 69 . continued : maud my room . now . maud return swiftly . roland step out warily , wonder . int . whitby HOTEL - maud' bedroom - dawn roland walk into maud 's room . see she stare out of the window . for a moment , he can not see anything . he look closer at the window . maud I see she . roland who ...? maud christabel . maud move closer to roland . almost touch . as roland see trace of a reflection in the window . he turn to she . maud all my life , since I be a child , I have see she . but never with anyone else . you see she , do not you ...? roland I be not sure what I see ... maud I see blanche that night in lincoln . that 's why I want you to go . I think it be a warning . roland and now ? maud I do not know . you do not think I be crazy -- roland no , never . not much , anyway . ( more ) ( continued ) 70 . continued : roland ( cont 'd ) but two crazy people be no more use than one . we still have no proof . now the ghost have vanish , maud can see out over the beach . maud look . out there . roland squint he eye . focus out in the distance : wave crash upon rocky cavern , sun scatter light like flame . maud you read christabel 's poem about melusina -- roland but I never finish it . maud move closer to the window , entrance by what she see . maud ' and where the water move and shook itself a show of leaping flame , of tongue of light -- roland move towards she . a idea . roland wait . say it again . do it , and I will recite a line from ash. ( as maud protest ) just do it -- now inspire , roland start . suspicious , maud carry on . roland maud ' shall we hearth 's ash ' ... and where the water grow pale or spark in move and shook wave - - ' itself !-- ' from roland 's face , pan onto maud . roland / maud ( together ) ' -- a show of leaping flame , of tongue of light , a fountain of cold fire , self renew . ' ( continued ) 71 . continued : both amaze , as the word coincide . roland the same line . Word for word . maud they be here . they see it ... together . they look out to sea . in the window reflection , flame dance off wave as they crash against rocky cavern . roland and maud 's face together in the window . int . ash factory - basement - day Inside he office , blackadder be hard at work on a footnote of a ash poem ( mummy possesst ) . he look up to see : fergus . instinctively , blackadder put a hand over he write . fergus I be look for roland michell . blackadder he 's on holiday . he ask for a few day off ... never have a holiday before , now that I think of it -- fergus maybe this be personal . I be pretty sure roland be onto something about christabel La motte ... ( as blackadder raise a eyebrow ) but it may have come to nothing . or he would have tell you . blackadder he probably would . fergus exactly . int . roland and val' apartment - day Val be eat cornflake . cat meowing . the doorbell ring . she go to answer it . it 's fergus Wolf . fergus hello , my dearest . be roland in ? ( continued ) 72 . continued : val no . he 's go away for a few day . fergus what a pity . I need to get in touch with he rather urgently . val he have not phone . I do not know when he 's back . I have not be all that nice to he . fergus I see ... val I do not know what you see , fergus . you always see a bit more than there be to see . what 's up ? fergus there 's something go on I do not understand . yet . you do not happen to know maud Bailey ? a silence . now Val be intrigue . val I see ... he do not tell I what he be up to . he know I be not interested . but I do have a phone number . for emergency . fergus this could be a emergency . ext . soho street ( outside l'escargot ) - day outside a restaurant , mortimer cropper walk with hildebrand ash down the street . when he hear a voice behind he . fergus Professor cropper -- ( as cropper and hildebrand turn ' round ) sorry to interrupt . I be curious if you would see roland michell recently ... ( more ) ( continued ) 73 . continued : fergus ( cont 'd ) ( beat ; catch he breath ) I think he may have discover something . a connection between ash and the poet christabel La motte ... hildebrand and cropper exchange glance . cropper how extraordinary . we be just discuss a enquiry about some letter up in lincoln -- ( give he full attention ) you interest I , Dr. Wolf . like a cat with the cream , fergus purr quietly . int . seal court - day through the kitchen window , Sir George peer out from behind the curtain to see a swanky mercede arrive outside the house . he go into the hallway , pick up he shotgun , and !-- ext . seal court - day Sir George aim he shotgun down its sight at mortimer cropper , stand by he mercede look up at the house . sir GEORGE who the hell be you ? cropper walk forward , hold out he card . cropper Professor mortimer cropper of the cropper Foundation , harmony City , New Mexico . I have come a long way !-- Sir George do not take the card . still aim the gun . sir GEORGE go away . what do you want !-- ? ( continued ) 74 . continued : cropper do not shoot . I never trouble the truly reluctant . I believe you may be in possession of letter by randolph Henry ash . have you any idea of how much they would be worth ? sir GEORGE Worth ? cropper in money . in money , Sir George . Sir George 's brow crease with think . the gun lower . sir GEORGE English thing should stay in England in my view !-- cropper understandable . a admirable sentiment . but this day , how relevant be sentiment ? cropper see the gap , leap in . he proffer Sir George he card . ext . whitby seashore - near cavern - day roland and maud at a rocky cavern they glimpse from the hotel . maud with scarf cover she hair , suddenly see roland in a new light , as she examine the distinctive , jet-black stone . maud look at this . all shiny and black . no wonder ash write about they . roland I wonder if they ever meet again ... maud no one know where christabel go when blanche die . she seem to have vanish -- roland then it 's hopeless . we still need to find real proof ash and christabel be here together . ( continued ) 75 . continued : maud that could take week ... ( beat ) will you be sorry to go back now ? roland will you ? maud I have the impression both of we will be sorry . maud look up at roland . and as the sunlight reflect on the stone in she hand -- dissolve to : flashback - ext . whitby seashore ( rocky cavern ) - day ( 1859 ) Stones in the hand of christabel , glint . ash and christabel be in a cavern aglow with light . outside , wave crash against rock , as christabel fill she basket with jet-black stone . in a playful , light - heart mood , ash nuzzle close to she . christabel I shall take this home , use they to prop door , weigh down the sheet of my poem !-- affectionately , hand intertwined , she tease he . ash let I carry they back for you . christabel ( laughingly ) I can carry my own burden . ash not while I be here !-- ash take the basket . she relent , then suddenly she mood shift . she look away sadden , as they head out onto the rock . christabel you know that after this few day together ! -- ash let we not think of time !-- ( continued ) 76 . continued : christabel we must part , never look back . it be inevitable , we both know it !-- ash I cannot , will not . I love you !-- christabel you speak to I of love ? you have a wife , sir . speak to I of she . in sudden fury , the sea crash against rock below . wind buffet they . in anguish , word stick in he throat , tear in he eye . ash I have a wife ... and I love she . not as I love you ... ( he stop ; unable to go on ) there be good reason why my love for you need not hurt she . I know this must sound bald and lame . it must be what many man , philander man , have say before I . I never think to find myself say such thing . yet I believe what I have say to be true . I can never tire of you ! -- of this !-- christabel it be in we nature to tire . fortunately . let we collude with necessity . let we play with it ... ( beat ) ' ... and if we can not make we sun stand still , yet we will make he run . ' ash a poet after my own heart . christabel and mine . though not more beloved than randolph Henry ash ... she move towards he . they embrace passionately . from she pocket , christabel throw a paper out on the wind , fly away !-- ash what be that ? ( continued ) 77 . continued : christabel a poem . I be write it here . ash why !-- ? you ... be not happy with it ? christabel this feeling !-- I want they to live forever . to survive the few day we have here . she tremble , close to tear . ash take she in he arm . and as the wild sea buffet the shore , wave crashing against rock !-- hold on the scrap of paper , as they fly on the wind , past the tide pool , across the beach , toward the seashore , where ! -- they scatter across two pair of foot . one in chic modern sandal , the other wear old tennis shoe . reveal !-- end of flashback . ext . whitby shoreline - day roland and maud on the shore . reluctantly , get ready to go . roland I do not know what will happen to I when I get back . I have get no real job . and then there 's Val ... I have live with she since university . I owe she so much . but it do not work . not for any good reason . but because ... maud I have a relationship like that . we torment each other . one of that people who as soon as you open you mouth , they say another cleverer , louder thing . quoting Freud at six in the morning . I feel batter . for no good reason . roland see maud smile . fiddle with she head scarf . ( continued ) 78 . continued : roland tell I !-- why do you always cover you hair ? maud it 's the wrong color . no one believe it 's natural . ata conference once I get accuse of try to please man . so I cut it off . now it 's grow , I put it away . roland you should not . you should let it out . maud why do you say that ? roland because if anyone can not see it , they think and think about it , they wonder what it 's like ... maud do they ? roland yes ... life be so short . it have a right to breathe . suddenly , maud unty she head - square , undoe the clip slowly . maud you be a odd man . roland I be not make a pass . you know that . maud yes , I do . that 's what 's so odd . she put down she head , shake it . roland that feel better . maud all right . that feel better . a moment between they . roland be draw towards she . but up to the cliff , maud see a familiar figure appear , wave at they . ( continued ) 79 . continued : cropper hello , down there !-- ! roland and maud swivel ' round to see ! -- the urbane silhouette of mortimer cropper , walk towards they in the sandy cove . cropper at last . you be a hard pair to track down !-- roland how do you find we !-- ? cropper a little detective work . you be forget . I know we dear randolph better than any of you . congratulation on you discovery ... ( beat ) tea , anyone ...? cropper move up to they , with he shark 's grin . int . HOTEL - tea room - day cropper pour tea for maud , roland look on . cropper be charmingly proprietorial , gleeful at he new possession . maud at least Sir George and Lady Joan will get some money -- roland but have you read the letter ? cropper that 's not so important . I will be send they back to New Mexico for safekeep . poor Lord ash find the news very upsetting . he have a stroke -- ( as roland and maud react ) hildebrand have step in to look after the ash estate . roland we can not prove it yet . but we think ash and christabel come here . together ! -- ( continued ) 80 . continued : cropper fascinating ... ( beat ; a grin ) perhaps . perhaps not ... of course , if something do develop between ash and christabel , maud and I would be the natural team to do the research . after all ... ( put a proprietorial arm around she ) we have a ' special relationship 's ... roland pick up the nuance . cropper turn to he . cropper we already fund maud 's work . and with what I know about ash ... I do not think you will be need , Dr. michell . roland sit , say nothing . furious . cropper thanks for you time and energy , Dr. michell . I be sure you understand . roland I understand . roland look at maud , like a rabbit in the headlight . say nothing . roland get up , walk off in disgust . cropper stop maud follow . she turn to he . maud now you own the letter you can do what you want -- why do you need I ? cropper my lawyer tell I ash write a note return he letter to christabel 's possession . a legal technicality -- maud you mean the letter could belong to I ? cropper open to dispute . but I would hate to see you waste money on law suit . so unnecessary . ( continued ) 81 . continued : maud pull she hand away from cropper . maud I be worried you be be nice to I . how silly ... int . roland room / corridor - day maud follow roland up to he room . she knock on he door . maud roland , let I in -- roland ( 0.s. ) go away -- maud try the door . to she surprise , it 's unlock . she enter . find roland fling he book and papers into a bag . maud look at I , roland -- roland I can hear you fine -- maud I can not back out of this . the center . the student . that 's my life -- roland good . you be welcome to it -- maud I -- we -- need cropper 's money . roland he want to own everything . now he do . include you -- maud so what can we do ? if we have any firm proof about ash and christabel roland we could have carry on -- I can not believe you expect I to listen to cropper 's bullshit -- when , on top of everything else -- you sleep with this ... this cowboy -- ( continued ) 82 . continued : roland finish he pack , head for the door . maud roland , you be jealous . it 's nothing -- roland nothing ?! you be kid -- one day I be on the academic scoop of the decade -- the next this necrophiliac ex- boyfriend of yours tell I I be unemployed -- maud you do not even have a job -- roland I do not even have a life . I wash dish -- maud I think that be a story -- some wimpish puppy dog trick for sympathy roland I do not need to invent thing . I live in a stinking basement , full of cat piss -- maud then you be pathetic , roland . go back to you basement , with you book and you dream and you stupid romantic illusion -- because you do not live in the real world -- roland I be glad . I hate the real world . as a concept , it 's much overrate . maud try to calm it down . roland head out the door . maud okay ... okay ... listen -- I will see what I can do . I will go to London . stay at leonora 's . maybe I can persuade cropper -- roland do not bother . I think we want the same thing . obviously , we do not . ( continued ) 83 . continued : roland take he bag , push past she . exit down the corridor . maud watch he disappear . behind she , cropper cropper not you type , maud . too weak . leonora and I would both be devastate . the sound of a train , whistling through a tunnel , as -- int . train ( london ) - day drifting off , roland sit in he carriage as the train zip through the roll countryside . in the newspaper , a article : " ash letter rock literary World " with a picture of ... cropper . the light play on he face , flicker like a kinematoscope -- as a whistle shriek and carry over to -- flashback - int . station / train ( london ) - day ( 1859 ) amid the steam of a train on its platform , ash and christabel disembark . his luggage sit await he with porter . he take christabel to a carriage , load with she case . ash help she up . hold onto she hand , as she sit down . christabel I must go . ash if only ... he kiss she hand . christabel give a rueful smile . christabel I be sad we go walk , sir . ( beat ) yet sad too , that we be not walk still . she do not withdraw she hand . ash let it go . the coachman shut the door . they stare into each other 's eye , as the driver crack he whip and she carriage set off -- ash stare at the carriage . his eye moist with tear . as christabel vanish into the distance . end of flashback . 84 . int . roland be flat - day weary and exhaust , finally home , roland pass he bicycle , make he way down he flat . in the corridor , roland find Val . with she coat on . a suitcase . and vase , in hand . val hello , roland . do you have a good time with maud Bailey ? roland I ring and ring you ... val I think if you could vanish , I could . so I do . roland you do not look very angry , Val . actually , you look happy . roland look ' round the flat . Furniture seem to be miss . val I decide I could be ... ( beat ) I be go to live with euan . the shock , when it come , be a double whammy : he have no idea . roland who ? val a lawyer . in my office . anything to say ? roland er ... I be glad . val I hope not altogether glad . be you all right ? roland in some way . in other , I be ina mess . val you will survive , I suppose . the rent 's pay until the first of the month . this week , that be . ( more ) ( continued ) 85 . continued : val ( cont 'd ) I will leave you the cat ... dry food . and sardine . no tin . and change the tray . Daily ... if you can possibly manage . roland stand in the hallway , Val pick up she suitcase , exit . the door slam . welcome home . int . tv studio - night Inside a studio , a tv panel get ready to debate the hot literary news . leonora stern , a loud , energetic US feminist sit next to blackadder , in the makeup chair , while cropper and hildebrand ash sit under light get ready . makeup ready , Professor stern -- ? leonora more blush , deary , I can take it -- as a interviewer announce a lead - in , leonora lean over , whisper to blackadder , hand poise on he thigh . leonora you have get to make you Mr. ash to be the hot property in town , Professor . get they by the ball . give they one sexy thing , you will do fine !-- blackadder one sexy thing . mmnnn ... leonora I love the way you talk . by the way ... ( hand on he thigh ) I take it neither of we want cropper to win this . you may be interested , Professor . I get a letter from a research student in Brittany ... intercut with : int . roland / leonora's apartment - dusk on tv screen ! -- a beautiful interviewer , Patel , introduce the panel . as we pull back to see !-- ( continued ) 86 . continued : announcer ( v.0 . ) ( on tv ) '... the literary world have be rock by a extraordinary discovery . a panel of expert be here to discuss ... ' alone in he apartment !-- roland glower at the tv screen . a low moan . the cat keep out of he way . intercut with : int . leonora's apartment - dusk watch the same tv program , like two lonely heart , maud sit on the sofa in leonora 's . she uncover a letter on a table . < a french address catch she eye . she read it avidly . maud ( read aloud ) I be currently work on a unpublish writer , sabine de kercoz , and have discover material I believe will be of interest to you . your ... Dr. ariane Le minier ... ' maud flick through leonora 's file . find a address . she hesitates . intercut between -- int . roland be flat - bathroom / kitchen - dusk tap full on , roland run a bath . the noise drown out tv and phone . his answer machine play maud 's voice to a empty room . maud ( v.0 . ) ( on answer machine ) ' roland ...? be you there ...? roland , I need to speak to you ... I know you do not want to speak to I ... but I think I have find another clue ... click -- the message break off . 87 . back to tv as each of the panel compete for 15 second of fame . leonora ( v.0 . ) ' of course , from a radical feminist perspective , it be a surprise to learn christabel might have love a man ! -- blackadder ( v.0 . ) a complete shock . it 's as if we would discover Shakespeare 's Dark Lady !- cropper ( v.0 . ) I do not think we have to rush to conclusion . nothing happen . to my eye , this correspondence be a purely literary love affair . ash be always a complex man . this only prove he moral stance as exemplary . until Dr. fergus Wolf and I examine the evidence ! -- blackadder ( v.0 . ) that 's why the letter must stay in we country as part of we heritage ! -- patel ( v.0 . ) ( to hildebrand ash ) with you father now ill , do not that question come to you ? hildebrand ( v.0 . ) : after a hundred year , some of we feel the time be right to let ash enter the modern world !-- cropper ( v.0 . ) now be the time to bring other valuable part of ash 's legacy into the public eye ... on cropper 's smile -- CUT to : int . roland be flat - day next morning . darkness . roland lie in bed , asleep . curtain draw . the phone ring , wake he . roland get up to answer it . a friendly voice . ( continued ) 88 . continued : beatrice ( v.0 . ) roland ... be you there ...? roland beatrice ...? I be glad it 's you . I suppose you see that vulture on tv ...? intercut with : int . ash house museum - library - day up in the old ash house , now a museum , shelf be fill with book , papers , portrait . Glass case of specimen . amid a huge box - file , beatrice take shelter . on the phone beatrice ... yes . be you alright ? I be over at the ash Museum -- blackadder 's be in a fearful rage . say you have be do thing behind he back -- roland right now I hate blackadder -- I hate ash -- I hate the whole ash factory -- beatrice he 's scream for a copy of Mrs. lee 's book , with a description of the ash seance -- roland the seance ? why ? beatrice cropper 's onto something . he 's check up on ash 's whereabouts in 1860 . he 's desperate . my filing system be he last hope . I can not find a copy anywhere . maybe you could help -- roland hmm ... I do not know ... it 's call the shadowy portal , be not it ? roland look distractedly at he pile of book . around the apartment , book on shelf . on window ledge . in box ... ( continued ) 89 . continued : beatrice yes . call I if you have a brainwave . my life will be miserable otherwise . roland I will have a think . I be sure I have see it recently ... ' bye . click . roland put down the phone . but he 's already grip by a idea . he run he finger along the shelf . scan for a title . he move to another pile , rapid search -- roland ( from memory ) the shadowy portal ... a autobiographical reminiscence ... by Mrs. hella lee ... roland dart from shelf to box , repeat he mantra -- roland the London Library copy ... until like a divine rod , he hand guide he to a pile of book behind a box . roland dive in , bring out -- a book . it 's old . with gild leave , a emboss dove on the cover . and in the frontispiece -- a oval photograph of Mrs. lee . roland leaf through the page -- roland the seance ... of course , the seance ... he take the copy , sit down in a armchair . find a chapter , head " a mummy possest ? " as he start to read , a cat jump up , curl ' round he . over roland , read -- ash ( v.0 . ) '' I wish to see the lady of the house ... Mrs. lee ... please , allow I in ... no one must know ... no one ... smash CUT to : flashback - int . mrs . lees' house ( cheyne walk , chelsea ) - night ( 1860 ) a velvet curtain sweep open to reveal -- ( continued ) 90 . continued : ash in black , wear a face - mask . he enter the chamber , light by a strange , violet ray from a lantern . a mask woman -- mrs . hella lees -- clad in jewel , lead he over towards -- mrs . lees gentlemen , member of the vestal light , let the seance begin ... a circular table : seven lady , four man ; they clasp hand . ash take a seat in the circle . mrs . lees ( to spirit world ) we be ready to receive you , if you spirit stand at the threshold , we ask you to reveal yourself . be anybody there ...? Mrs. lee tap the table . ash scan the circle , he eye hit that of a woman opposite . a sharp intake of breath as mrs . lees I feel hand . as cold as ice ... the table vibrate . ash watch Mrs. lee shake uncontrollably . a spirit voice speak through she -- mrs . lees '' do not force I ...' ( as herself ) who be it ? ( as voice ) '' nobodaddy ... ' ash see a halo of electromagnetic force like fire surround Mrs. lees. suddenly ash feel a tapping shake the table . a breeze lift skirt . ash hear a woman sob , then laughter . mrs . lees there be a hostile presence in the room . be there a spirit who wish to speak ? the sound of running water . ash look at the woman opposite : and recognize christabel , who speak in a trance , a spirit voice possess she . ( continued ) gl. continued : christabel ( in a spirit voice ) '' remember the stone ...! ( in she own voice ) where be you ? ( in the spirit voice ) '' I bring gift ...! mrs . lees she be possess . a spirit be with we ... ash want to go over to she . but the circle 's hand hold onto he . he hear rushing water boom louder , then see -- a vision of a white hand carry a white wreath , hang from the chandelier by thread . the circle clasp hand again -- mrs . lees let she go ... the spirit have entrance she ... do not wake she ... as blanche 's spirit manifest itself -- mrs . lees you bring a message of love ...? but a electromagnetic current crackle , hold ash 's hand fast . ash struggle to get free -- ash I must speak ... ash move towards christabel . but the wreath tangles he in thread like a web . he try to break free , but ghostly hand wrap around he throat -- ash away , foul spirit . I beg you -- ash turn to see a ghostly face of blanche . in rage , he raise the wreath in he hand . Mrs. lee plead -- mrs . lees -- do not break the spell -- she spirit will be harme forever -- ! but ash hurl the wreath away , a shriek as blanche 's spirit disappear . ash rush at christabel , who almost faint in she trance . he hold she in he arm , remove she mask -- ( continued ) 92 . continued : ash speak , I beg you ... I come to France ... you turn I away , my darling ... for God 's sake , answer ... tell I the truth ... I must know ... weeping , ash cradle christabel in he arm . ash where be she ...? be she not dead ? tell I ... tell I what you have do ... ash bend to hear christabel 's whisper . christabel you have make I ... a murderess . christabel collapse . guest try to pull ash away from she . he howl in pain and rage -- ash Dead ...? no -o- oo -- !! ash push over a candle flame , which spill over . Mrs. lee come to she sense . her Pov around ash a fiery halo of red . back to scene mrs . lees Sir , you be a demon ... go now ... ash stand up , a force of red light surround he . he look at he own hand , see they -- smear in translucent blood . end of flashback . smash CUT to : int . convent of ST . anne ( brittany , FRANCE ) - library - day in a cavernous library line with ancient tome , at a long oak table , maud finish work for the day . around she , nun put away leather volume , ready to close up . maud pick up she notebook , pile of photocopy document . exit into - 93 . ext . convent of ST . anne ( brittany ) - library - day a cloistered courtyard of a medieval convent . rain pour down . she pass nun scurrying about they business , shelter by the old cloister roof . in she brisk , modern clothes , maud be a surreal contrast , as she emerge to see - a young , chic french scholar , dr . ariane le minier . ext . brittany countryside - day Inside a batter renault , windscreen wiper sloosh back and forth , as Le minier and maud drive into a small town . le minier when I send my discovery to Professor stern , I hope she would notify you . I be a great admirer of you writings on christabel . maud you could not have be more helpful , ariane . le minier the photocopier be a great democratic invention , no ...? as Le minier talk , maud stare through windscreen wiper , in a blur of rain and glass , she suddenly see -- her Pov - at side of road two bedraggle figure , one of they christabel , distress and cry , hold out she hand . maud focuss on she as the car zoom past -- they eye meet -- as -- le minier ( 0.s. ) we should share we information , should we not ? be it not a feminist principle , cooperation ? back to scene maud snap back , answer with a smile . Le minier buzze along the country road , head for the nearby small town . 94 . ext . HOTEL ( LA cap coz , brittany ) - day rain pour down . Le minier set maud down nearby she hotel in a provincial seaside town , near a sandy bay and dark sea . as maud run to the entrance , she see someone shelter from the element . hunched over , slump , drench by rain on closer inspection , she see -- roland . shock at first , she warm to a smile . as roland look up , anorak collar pull up . and through the rain , they rush together , throw arm ' round each other . then slowly pull apart -- roland we must be mad . maud of course we be mad . roland pause as if about to say something important . and sneeze . int . HOTEL ( le cap coz , brittany ) - day in she bedroom , roland sit , foot in a bowl of steaming water . he wrap a towel 'round he head , as he and maud share they discovery . roland she be there . christabel be there at the seance . but ash be so full of rage -- maud or grief . he believe christabel be responsible for someone 's death . the question be -- '' who ?! roland blanche , of course . you say no one know where christabel be when blanche commit suicide . maud until now . that 's what I find from leonora 's letter . christabel have family in Brittany . a young cousin who write a journal . a french researcher find fragment of poem by christabel date spring 1860 . this be where she be . until now , nobody know ... maud take the towel , rub roland 's hair dry . ( continued ) 95 . continued : roland I wish nobody know where I be . maud I too . I have lie shamelessly to leonora . I even steal Dr. Le minier 's address . roland all scholar be a bit crazy . roland sneeze , blow he nose . he 's in a bad way , he towel like a turban , balanced on he head . maud roland , you say ash come to France . when exactly -- ? roland spring , 1860 ... maud exactly ? roland around ... March . maud so think about it , roland . ( roland be blank ) how long be that after ash and christabel be in whitby ? under he turban , roland do he sum . maud know the answer . roland about ... eight ... no ... nine month . maud nine month . maud stare at roland . who gasp with surprise . as he dry he hair , he freeze . a sudden realization -- roland a... child . ext . brittany - intercut various shot - day / night out walk -- two figure , christabel with she young cousin , sabine . christabel 's pale face , unwell , under strain . ( continued ) 96 . continued : christabel and how do you think thing be with I , cousin sabine ? christabel turn she face away . sabine see she be weep . convent christabel knock on the door . then inside the courtyard . a cloak conceal she figure . inside a office , a nun pull aside the cloak . pregnant . then -- CUT back to : roland roland if there be a baby , do it survive ? maud I do not know . roland though if it survive -- maud ash could have believe she be try to speak to she child in the seance . roland her dead child . but if ash ever know -- maud in the record of the convent , they record a visit by a gentleman who answer ash 's description . he be turn away . they never speak again ... int . HOTEL ( le cap coz , brittany ) - day maud and roland go downstairs , peer over the bannister . suddenly , they freeze . in the lobby of the hotel , they see leonora stern with blackadder , canoodle fondly . maud oh , no ... 97 . in lobby roland and maud overhear leonora with blackadder . leonora I do not understand why maud dash off without a word . that letter from Le minier be mine , after all . we be good friend ... ( beat ) perhaps you roland michell be some kind of macho boss -man . blackadder he 's not forceful . it 's he major fail . leonora then it must be love . back on stair maud and roland sneak back to they room . maud should we go and confront they ? maud put out both she hand . roland take they . roland I think we should . and I think we can not . int . / ext . HOTEL ( le cap coz , brittany ) - day as leonora and blackadder , in bright leisurewear and sunglass , stride out from the hotel . roland and maud sneak out of the entrance into -- a taxi cab . which zoom off at high speed , pass they on the esplanade . ext . port ( caen , brittany ) - eve at a cross - channel port , a overnight ferry in dock . roland and maud walk up the gangway , into the passenger section . int . ferry boat cabin - eve Inside the tiny cabin , roland and maud put down they bag and investigate . a white room . twin bunk . ( continued ) 98 . continued : shower . they seem light - head and giddy . roland take stock . roland this be clean narrow white bed . just like we always want . maud so they be . do you prefer top or bottom ? roland I do not see that it matter . and you ? maud I will take the top . suddenly , perfectly aware of the absurdity and sexual ambiguity of it all , they laugh out loud . ext . ferry boat - night night time . outside , the water hiss and prickle . Dark wave carve by the huge boat ... as down below -- int . ferry boat - cabin - night on a low light , roland and maud lie together , back to back on the bottom bunk , ankle overlap . maud be reflective , mute . neither can sleep . maud I feel sad about christabel 's baby ... roland we do not know it be dead . maud I can not help think ... if it be not destine to die , why do she run away ? why do not she stay where she be safe ? roland maybe she mean no one to know what happen . not even we ... roland turn toward maud . who be still turn away . ( continued ) continued : 99 . roland I think I have lose everything I have ever have or care about . ash . my job . even Val now ... maud oh ...? roland she walk out . I should feel frightful . but if I have to tell the truth ... ( beat ) I want ... that life , maud . ash and christabel 's . I be not afraid to admit it . roland put he hand on maud 's , look directly at she . his face next to hers , a moment of truth . roland I know it sound crazy -- maud I think you be like I . you want the empty room . roland I do . now I be not so sure . maud no , please -- I can not -- I do not want to lose myself . do you understand how important that be ? roland yes -- but -- to live life so powerfully . do anyone do that anymore ? maud not I -- too romantic . life be not like that . roland maybe that 's why we read book , you and I . silence overtake they . comfortable and safe , the swell of the sea hush they . the wind outside carry over into -- 100 . flashback - int . ash' house ( russell square ) - library - night ( 1859 ) at the open window , a lace curtain billow in the breeze . ellen close the window . she walk into the library , a FIRE roar . at a desk , ash look through a microscope : at a dead butterfly . its intricate pattern . a pin be poise over the sample . yet he mind be on something else . he get up , move behind she . ellen stop . ash ellen , I have something I must tell you . ellen turn to he . ash pause , then word tumble out . ash for the last year , I have be in love with another woman . I could say it be a sort of madness . a possession , as by demon . a kind of blind . at first it be only letter -- and then -- in Yorkshire -- I be not alone -- ellen I know . ellen look up at ash , he proud crest fall . ash how long ? ellen I be tell . I have a visitor . ellen unlock a drawer . bring out the original copy of ash 's poem , in a envelope address to " miss La motte , bethany ... " ellen the original version of you poem . certain passage be superior , I think , to what you now have here . ( beat ) I sense a new inspiration . a muse . as I would care to inspire you , be I a poet . silence . ash be speechless , deep in think . ( continued ) 1ol . continued : ash if I have not tell you about this -- about miss La motte -- would you have restore this to I ? ellen I think not . how could I ? but you have tell I . ash miss blanche glover give you this ? closeup - ellen dissolve to : ext . / int . ash' house ( russell square ) - day ( 1859 ) up at the window , the lace curtain flutter out on the breeze . Inside , in the reception room -- a letter be flung onto a table . ellen ( v.0 . ) she write twice . and come here ... on the envelope : ash 's handwrite : Inside , a manuscript of a poem . address to " christabel La motte ... " ellen stare at it . she turn away from -- blanche . who pace up and down in she neat wear boot , clasp and unclasp she hand . blanche you own happiness be ruin , be a lie . you could help I if you choose . we be so happy -- from the table , ellen pick up a bell . she ring it . ellen I can do nothing about you happiness , miss glover . please leave my house . a may come to the door . ellen stare at she . blanche pause . then exit . ellen turn away . dissolve to : 102 . int . ash' house ( russell square ) - library - night ( 1859 ash before ellen , stumbling to find word . ash I do not know what to say , ellen . I do not expect to see she -- miss La motte again . we be agree that this one summer must see the end -- of ... ( voice tremble ) the end . and even if that be not so -- she have vanish , she have go away -- ellen hear ash 's pain , note it , say nothing . a silence ash you must be angry -- distress -- ellen not angry . I know how gentle and patient you have be with I . for I have never be a real wife to you ... ash ellen , do not -- ellen if I have not proffer the proper intimacy between husband and wife , that be my regret , randolph . ( beat ) yet you have never cease to love I . fall between they . ash you be my wife , ellen . I shall always love you . ellen then , as you have forgiven I , so I shall forgive you . ellen wipe a tear from she eye , look up at ash . ellen it be a question of silence . let we not talk of it again , randolph . ellen gently respond , touch he hand . noise fade in from a modern - day station , as we -- dissolve back up to : 103 . ext . victoria station - day ( present ) a busy train station . roland and maud emerge on a platform , push through crowd . roland look up to see : a wild figure dash up the platform : beatrice , wave frantically . roland beatrice -- ? beatrice arrive , huffing and puffing , out of breath . beatrice oh dear . I be sorry . you may think I be mad , or bad , or presumptuous -- I could only think of you -- maud Dr. nest -- beatrice -- please ... beatrice I would not have come unless you seem to care about she -- roland about ... beatrice her ... ellen. ( beat ; as if it be obvious ) I have to tell you both something . it 's urgent . int . ash house museum ( russell square ) - night ( sunset ) back indoors , a cup of tea freshly make , beatrice be back under control . roland and maud listen , as beatrice calm down . beatrice mortimer cropper be here today . look at section of ellen 's journal . maud about blanche 's visit ? beatrice look at they both . very serious . beatrice no. about ash 's funeral . he bring young hildebrand ash . ( more ) ( continued ) 104 . continued : beatrice ( cont 'd ) I be absolutely certain cropper want to open up ash 's tomb . he want to find out what be in the box . maud what box ? beatrice ellen' . roland the one ellen bury in ash 's tomb . maud sit down with roland , now surround by beatrice and maud . beatrice I do not know what to do . they all dislike I so -- they think ellen 's diary be unimportant . I have be think ... ( beat ) ellen write to baffle we . roland what do you mean ? beatrice she write so much . to throw we off the scent . ( beat ) I believe she must have know if there be a child ... what happen to it . how it die . that 's why she bury the truth in a box ... from a leather portfolio , beatrice remove a old scrap of paper . beatrice she leave this scrap of paper in she desk when she die . I be sure ellen know the scavenger would come -- sooner or later ... ( recite from memory ) '' what shall I be without you ? my randolph now be go ... ' beatrice stand in front of the glass case , from inside , roland and maud hear a fluttering sound . as if the butterfly be suddenly alive , flutter wing , try to escape , as -- ( continued ) 105 . continued : with maud , he follow beatrice towards the old bedroom . beatrice follow I ... beatrice walk into the old bedroom , past the glass case and portrait , the aquarium and book of the first dreamlike shot -- as if beatrice have become ellen 's ghost ... CUT to : flashback - int . ash' house ( london ) - bedroom - night ( 1888 ) ellen lean over she die husband . ash lie in bed , propped up on pillow . he be die . ash forty -four year with no anger . I do not think many husband and wife can say as much ... ( beat ) it can not be help . do you think , after death , we continue ...? ellen bow she head , begin to weep . ash do not cry . I be not sorry . I have not -- do nothing , you know . I have live . ellen see ash clutching in he hand a gold pocket watch : a long , plait chain of gold hair tie around it . ash do not let I be pick by vulture . burn what they should not see ... ellen unwind she hair from he hand . a knock at the door . as she get up to go , ash moan deliriously -- ash summer field ... in a twinkle of a eye , I see she . I should have look after she . how could 1 ? I could only hurt she ... ( continued ) 106 . continued : ellen you see who ? in the summer field ? you see who , randolph ? ash ( after a pause ) I ... forget ... ash fall back asleep , he hand clutches the watch with the golden hair which ellen will also later bury . ellen go to the door , open it to a doctor . as he enter , ellen turn back -- to look at she husband -- a moan as she see he be -- Dead . a wind blow she candle , smoke past tearful eye . int . ash house ( russell square ) - later that night on a roaring FIRE , flame burn up papers . ellen watch , throw more on . at she husband 's desk -- ellen what shall I be without you ? ( note : the one roland and maud now read , lie on the desk . ) she take a packet of letter , tie with ribbon . she hesitates . instead of throw they on the fire , ellen walk toward a box ... ellen ( v.0 . ) ~-- my randolph now be go . tomorrow we will set out together on he last blind journey ... ' she unlock the box , remove a envelope , address to " randolph ash . " the break seal recognizable as christabel 's : a crest of arm , a shield hold up by a unicorn and centaur . ellen go to the bed-stand : a pocket watch with a plait of golden hair wrap around the chain-re . ellen ( v.0 . ) ... and this letter and memento -- why do I choose to put they up , in they seal enclosure ...? on the desk beside ellen 's note , a open box . she hesitates , hold the letter in she hand , then -- 107 . ext . cemetery - day ( 1888 ) as in the open -- the same box . close and seal in ellen 's hand . pull back to reveal : mourner in black . ellen walk forward with the box -- ellen ( v.0 . ) '... I want they to have a sort of duration . a demi-eternity ... ' place the box in the mausoleum near ash 's coffin . ellen ( v.0 . ) '... and if the seeker dig they out again ...? ' on cue , the gate close with a thud . the box now lock and seal in the mausoleum -- ellen ( v.0 . ) '... then justice will perhaps be do to she when I be not here to see it . ' end of flashback . int . ash' house museum - night in the shadowy twilight , beatrice look out from the darkness . she take back she precious note from roland and maud . . roland justice will perhaps be do to she . ' who do she mean ? beatrice I have ask myself that question all this year . a scholar 's lifetime ... maud if cropper dig it up , he can keep the truth hide forever . roland so what can we do ? we would need to catch he in the act -- beatrice or get to the box before he -- roland you mean , break in ... to the tomb ? ( continued ) 108 . continued : beatrice I know it sound ... barbaric . maud this note you have show we -- no one else have see it ? beatrice ( shaking she head ) no one else have ask . they do not think ellen be important . but , you see ? she be . roland look at maud , a unaccustom glint in he eye . roland then we need to go now . ext . inn ( near cemetery ) - night a 18th century inn with mossy roof and orchard , near a village church . beneath a large tree , the dark shape of a mercede . trunk open , with cropper and hildebrand inspect light , shovel , rope . hildebrand I suppose we could leave false clue . blame it on the Satanists . a black mass or something ... hildebrand snort with laughter . cropper frown . cropper I be not a common thief . it 's only that box -- the think of it decaye in the ground -- the think of perhaps never know -- he close the trunk . cropper and hildebrand walk over to the inn , and enter , voice carrying over inside -- ext . road to cemetery - night on hilly road , maud drive she car through thicken mist , roland at she side . they pass the trip in silence , each wait for the other to speak . maud you pack the thing ? ( continued ) continued : 109 . roland sure. maud the crowbar ? roland yes . the crowbar . maud we might need it . be not you worried -- ? maud glance over towards he , she excitement palpable . then -- she swerve to avoid a truck ; roland wince , sigh . roland I do not worry about anything . not now . at the moment , I feel all -- clear in the head -- if you know what I mean . they sit in silence as she zoom down a narrow side street through the fog . then down a steep hill with tree on both side . maud roland , I be sorry how it turn out . roland for who ? maud you . and I . I think I be afraid . roland I do not think so . not you . of what ? maud of fall in love with you . roland I do not know you want to ... that 's over now , anyway . I do not want you to love I . maud you do not ? ( continued ) 110 . continued : roland no. too complicated . I can not think about ' we ' anymore . the fog grow thicker , as if they be drive back in time -- flashback - int . ash' house - day ( 1888 ) illuminate in a flash of lightning : as the beginning -- footstep . a hand knock on a door . Three knock . maid ( 0.8 . ) Mrs. ash ...? end of flashback . return to : ext . road near cemetery - night roland slam on the brake . swirl fog clear to reveal - a hound like christabel 's companion from seal Court , in the road . the animal vanish behind another cloud of fog . roland and maud drive slowly forward . the fog grow more misty -- covering the screen as we -- return to : flashback - int . ash' house - day ( 1888 ) the same hand knocking on the door . detail become clearer , as we reveal . again the knocking . a hushed servant 's voice : maid ( 0.8 . ) Mrs. ash ... a letter . sound of rain on glass . horse ' hoove on cobblestone . the door open to reveal ellen , face she young maid . maid a lady call miss La motte come to the door . she give I this letter for you husband . she say it be very important . ellen take a envelope from the girl 's hand , close the door . 111 . closeup - letter the coat of arm from seal Court . in christabel 's handwrite : " to randolph Henry ash esq -- most urgent . " and she name : " from : christabel La motte , seal Court , lincolnshire . " ellen take the letter . slowly , softly , she walk into the bedroom where ash lie in bed , deathly ill . as ellen pick up the letter , she hold it to she , unable to let it go -- poise over a candle 's flame -- ext . inn ( near cemetery ) - night ( present ) peer through the bar window , roland see cropper eat and drink with hildebrand and fergus . he sneak back to maud , stand by cropper 's merc . roland they be all there . cropper , hildebrand , even fergus . maud roland , do you bring a knife ? roland yes . do you need it ? maud yes , I do . roland bring out a knife from he bag . without warning , maud take it over to the merc , stab one tire . then the other . AIR rush out . the tire puncture fast . maud all right -- shall we ? roland stare at maud and the knife . both be disbelief . ext . cemetery - night maud and roland pull up on the hill near the cemetery gate . on the gate , a sign : " strictly no admittance " nearby a large wall , where they place a ladder . up over the wall , into the cemetery they go . ( continued ) lle . continued : walk through the graveyard , ' round long curve avenue of the necropolis . as if , from the tombstone and grave , voice fill the air . . christabel ( v.0 . ) my dear , my dear ... ' hold on roland and maud as they disappear up the hill , into the gloomy darkness among the tree wave in the breeze . int . cemetery - night near the mausoleum , the tomb await , the box inside . christabel ( v.0 . ) I ask for you forgiveness for intrude on you at this time . I be tell you be gravely ill ... ' inside cabinet hold on the letter , its flap of envelope open . we hear a voice , move toward it , until white paper fill the screen . christabel ( v.0 . ) ... I have writ down some thing I dearly wish you should know ... ' flashback - int . seal court - day ( 1888 ) as in roland and maud 's earlier journey , we climb up -- a wind spiral staircase lead to a tower bedroom , wall now freshly - pain , christabel 's doll -- where maud and roland find the letter a century later -- keep neatly on they bed . a woman sit at she desk , talk softly as she compose a letter . it be christabel , now a old woman , in she 60 . christabel I sit here like a old witch in a tower . you will say to I , it should have be tell , twenty - eight year ago . I know -- I have know for this many year -- that I have do you wrong . yet , my guilt for all that happen make it impossible ... ' ( continued ) 113 . continued : christabel drift to the window . Golden summer sun flood in . christabel the truth be , that you have a daughter , who be well , and marry , and the mother of a wonderful boy . ' she look down from she isolation onto the grass knoll below , so well - keep in its day . a beautiful woman in she late 20 , maia bailey , play with she baby boy . christabel ... she be beautiful , and call maia , and resemble , I think , both she parent , neither of which she know to be she parent ...! christabel turn from the window , lose in she memory . flashback - ext . field ( brittany ) - night ( 1860 ) christabel 's memory . we be flying over rugge winter terrain before a farmhouse , toward a barn in Brittany , decade ago . christabel ( v.0 . ) . we agree to leave each other and never look back . and for pride 's sake , and yours , I resolve to keep my side of it . when I discover my condition , blanche and I quarrel bitterly . I could not come to you . so I make arrangement -- I find a place to go in France - - but you come search after I ... ' the door of the barn open for we , and we creep past cow and mule that stare toward we . christabel ( v.0 . ) so I fle , I fle ... ' we reach a haystack in the back , where the squatting christabel tremble in agony . circle around , we see she sweat - drench face . christabel ( v.0 . ) I conclude that no decent refuge remain fit for I ... ' she open she mouth to scream , as -- 114 . int . christabel and blanche's house ( richmond ) - 1859 christabel ( v.0 . ) ... and when I think of poor blanche ...' int . sitting room alone , blanche sewing pocket of a dress : stone ( from whitby ) expertly bound with needle and thread ... on table a suicide note in blanche 's write , place on a desk : " to whom it may concern ... " weigh down by a stone . ext . thame river - chelsea bridge - 1859 upon a bridge , blanche look into swirl water of a dark river . in she pocket , silvery - black stone sewn in by thread . as she walk to the precipice of the bridge , and jump -- christabel ( v.0 . ) I know I have kill she ... ' underwater at the bottom of the river , blanche tumble , bubbles slowly expire from she mouth . her body weigh down by the fossil stone , she float eerily in the cold darkness ... christabel ( v.0 . ) I could not face the world . nor you ... ' ext . cliff ( brittany ) - 1860 in a dark cloak , christabel , alone , face out to sea . at she lowest ebb . distraught , tear stream down she cheek . christabel ( v.0 . ) I feel haunt , curse , and alone ... ' dissolve through to : 115 . int . seal court - christabel be room - day ( 1888 ) despite the memory , christabel 's face be calm and peaceful . christabel ( v.0 . ) ... so I give dear maia to my sister Sophie Bailey , who bring she up as she own ... ' christabel wander into the shadow of she room , which be cover with stack of papers . a lifetime of word . christabel ( v.0 . ) ... now I want to make amend , let this ghost rest in peace . I have fly about the battlement of this stronghold , cry on the wind of my need to see and feed and comfort my child , who know I not and -- to whom can I say this , but you ? -- who love I not ... ' she return to the window . christabel ( v.0 . ) and yet , she be so happy . ah , but if you be here , you would see how I dare not disturb she peace ...!' closeup on young maia' face she look up , perhaps she eye meet christabel 's . but the young mother quickly avert they . christabel ( v.0 . ) ... I have be angry for so long - - with all of we , with you , with blanche , with my poor self ... and now , near the end , I think of you with clear love ... ' she move to she desk , sign she name to the letter , then pick up a small art - nouveau picture frame . she remove the photo . christabel ( v.0 . ) : I send you she picture . she will have nothing of she strange name , and prefer to be call May , which suit she ... ' 116 . closeup on photo of a woman on she wedding day . original of the photo on maud 's mantelpiece , she great- great - grandmother , May . christabel ( v.0 . ) ... do we not -- do you not flame , and I catch fire ? be that not fine ? shall we survive and rise from we ash ...? ' on christabel face as she prepare to part with she photo . a burst of sunshine surge through the window . she be consume in white . as the light slowly fade , we hold on photo , but now it 's old , fade , and in muddy hand . end of flashback . dissolve through and reveal -- ext . cemetery - dawn rain start . the sun be about to rise . roland and maud sit at the graveyard by the mausoleum . on the ground -- maud ( read letter ) ... and so , " in the calm of mind , all passion spend , " I thank God -- if there must be a dragon -- that he be you . ' the box have be open , the letter ( with crest ) sit out of its envelope , photo in they hand , watch with its braid lock of golden hair . roland hold it against maud 's own hair . roland it 's she . May . she be ... maud my great- great-grandmother , yes . May ... roland now I know why they leave all this -- the clue , the poem , the letter . they want you to know , maud . they leave they for you . ( continued ) 117 . continued : holding the old crumpled picture of May , maud be overcome . maud she look like christabel . you can see it . roland she look like you . she look like randolph Henry ash , too . maud so I look like ash ? a hint of lightness . roland smile , gently touch she face . roland I would never have think of it . but yes -- here , at the corner of the eyebrow -- the edge of the mouth maud now you see it , you will always see it roland I will never be free of it . maud no . we will never be free . maud smile too , look up at roland , as if for the first time . roland reach out to she , hold she close to he . roland maud ... I ... love you so much ... the ice queen melt . maud bury she face , tear fall . roland I just love you . that 's how it be . maud raise she arm to he , he hand stroke she wet hair , trace the curve of she shiver body . as -- maud the worst possible way then . they pull away for a instant . ( continued ) 118 . continued : roland yes , total obsession . the worst ... they move closer . roland know she heart be barely triumphing over she fear . Fighting every inch of the way , maud softly bring she lip to he . a heartbeat away from a ... Long , linger kiss . until -- maud open she eye , look up slowly . and behind roland , see -- over the brow of the hill , a familiar figure : beatrice . smiling , white hair stream in the rain . roland swivel around , to see -- a gather crowd of sodden , desperate scholar : beatrice , cropper , hildebrand , fergus , gloomy ; ever blackadder and leonora . int . inn ( near cemetery ) rain pour down . in the bar , around a fireplace , a muddy crew of scholar , in pajamas and dress gowns , drink hot toddy ; blackadder and leonora hold hand , in love . beatrice pass around the letter . blackadder how strange for maud to be descend from both ash and christabel ... fergus yes . you life ' work , all in vain ... cropper no , no . I sense it all along . the old cropper instinct . I know it be something vast ... beatrice I can imagine ellen . she do not even read it . just put it away -- blackadder for maud . as it turn out . she preserve it for maud . beatrice poor ash . he never know ... never know .. ( continued ) 119 . continued : look to leonora , for once speechless , gaze at a damp letter . leonora wow . pull back from the discussion -- to upstairs -- where -- int . inn ( near cemetery ) - room through the window of the 18th century inn -- in a white room , with a white four-poster , with white - veile curtain . maud and roland by a white bed . roland I be afraid of it , too . just like you . maud what coward we be , after all . ( beat ) kiss I . roland that 's what I be afraid of . behind the white veil , maud finally kiss roland , softly at first , then with all she repress passion , as they lie down upon the bed -- down by bed - BOX and beside it -- the watch . with its plait of golden hair , where we hold for a moment . until , weakly , fitfully , the sweeping second -hand gasp out a few inexplicable tick -- enough to let we know -- it be alive . ash ( v.0 . ) there be thing that happen and leave no discernible trace , be not speak of or write of , as though such thing have never be . two people meet , on a hot May day , and never mention the meeting ... dissolve to : 120 . flashback - ext . meadow ( seal court ) - day ( 1868 ) the same watch , ticking ... in the hand of a man , walk down a country lane on a hot May day of bright sunlight and buz insect . nearby , a meadow full of flower , like a Monet : blue cornflower , scarlet poppy , a carpet of yellow daisy sway in the breeze . up a lane , walk a bearded man in a black , wide - brimm hat . from cool shadow , he stare wistfully out in the distance , at -- the gothic tower of seal Court . the old man be hot , wipe he brow . as he catch he breath , a nearby creaking sound , to and for , distract he . yet so intense be he stare , he hardly notice a young girl ( 8 ) , swinging on a gate . girl hello ! be you lose ? the girl , in blue dress and white pinafore , hum to herself , make a daisy chain . the man look down at she : he be ash . ash be I -- ? oh , hello . yes ... I be look up at yonder house . do you know it ? girl that house ? of course I do . that 's my house . ash ( beat ) be it really ? suddenly curious , ash cock he head towards she , lower himself on one knee . a gentle matter - of - fact tenderness . ash well , you be a very fortunate girl . ( hold out he hand ) my name be randolph ash . how do you do ? May I know yours ? girl ( may ) my name be May Bailey . I have another name also , but I do not like it . ( continued ) continued : 121. ash I think I know you mother . you have a true look of you mother . may no one else say that . I think I look like my father . ash I think you have a look of you father , too . ash put he arm around she waist , lift she down to he side . may sit , pull grass , surround by a cloud of butterfly . ash hunt scissors . hair . ash you seem very happy . may oh , yes . I be , I be . ( beat ) can you make daisy chain ? ash I will make you a crown for a May Queen . but you must give I something in exchange . may I have not get anything to give . ash oh , just a lock of hair . to remember you by . may like a fairy story . ash just so . in he satchel , take out a tiny pair of pocket and very gently cut a long lock from she golden may here . I will plait it for you , to keep it tidy . May 's finger set to work , ash gather up twig , fern , flower . ( continued ) 122 . continued : ash I will make you a crown , like a fairy 's child . or like proserpine . do you know any poetry ? may I have a aunt christabel who be always tell I poem . but I do not like poetry . ash I be sorry you do not like poetry , as I be a poet . may oh , I like you . you make lovely thing and do not fuss . ash if I write down a message , would you be kind enough to deliver it to you aunt ? may a message ? what will it say ? ash simply that you meet a poet , who be look for he fairy goddess , and who meet you instead , and who send she he compliment , and will not disturb she , and be on he way to fresh wood and pasture anew . ash lock into May 's eye . a moment he will remember with absolute clarity , but which will fade in she memory over the year . tiny beetle crawl about they foot . they go back to work beneath the sun . a man and a girl , content to share one moment of they life . as a breeze float through , ruffling the leave around they -- dissolve to : same scene - moment later ash stand by the gate , watch May run through the meadow , note in hand , daisy crown upon she head . ash wind she blonde hair - plait around the chain of he watch . ( continued ) 123 . continued : May climb up a hill towards seal Court , where she brother ambush she . they rough and tumble , fall down the grassy slope . her crown fall beneath one brother , be crush . among she thing , May pick up she half - embroider cushion ( the one maud find a hundred year on ) with verse only begin . ash turn away as -- he note without May even register -- fly from she hand , up into the air . carry by the wind like a leaf , it float through the field . over the grass , connect by diamond - thread of light -- over the yellow and purple flower , up into the branch of a tree . when a wind blow , rustling leave , seem to play music upon they . hold on the tree . slow pan through to -- end of flashback . ext . london library ( ST . james' square ) - day that same tree . < a hundred year later . now full circle , grow magically in a elegant square in central London . as the wind rush through the branch , in a ancient harmony -- about to pluck from its branch to tap upon a library window -- leave , float like bird . fade to black . the end