[ p49 a Mike Nichols Film postcard from the edge by carrie Fisher 6/7/89 credit over . int . south american airport 1 wide , wide shot of busy airport prom high up . people busy come and go , stand in line for inter — national depart flight . custom - passport Control loom in the center at the end of the hall . _- we slowly push in to a ticket counter where three typically Club Med gal be get they board pass . the airline employee hand they they ticket . she have a heavy South american accent . the three women have midwestern accent . airline employee Flight 92 to Miami depart Gate 17 . after you pass through passport Control , you will see it on you right . miss varlane ‘( bad Spanish ) muchos gracias , por favor . . miss peterson Vicki , the lady speak English . tf do not know why you talk you lousy old Spanish to they all the time . miss jenning it 's a courtesy , Janet . we be in they country . miss varlane will you two quit it ? you have be bicker all morning . miss jenning she 's just upset because she come down here to have a romance with a fiery Latin , and all she get be a fiery case of dysentery . we follow the three of they to passport Control . Three other passenger wait in line briefly , come up to a official behind a partition they hand they pass ~ port and they ticket to he as they continue chatter . he custom official hand miss Peterson and miss varlane they passport and ticket back . he hold Mary jenning . ( continued ) L continued : the senior officer approach with the other officer in tow . L official ( interrupt ) miss jenning ? mary yes ? official , Mary jenning ? mary do not tell I . it 's a bad picture . I know . it be very last minute and I do not have time to do my hair on the side so my face do not look fat . official ( interrupt ) one moment please . mary bad luck again , Janet . all this fiery type seem to be draw hopelessly to I , bad passport picture and all . miss peterson wait a minute , girl -~ what about I ? senior officer Mary jenning ? mary that 's my name , do not wear it out . miss varlane .. 3 what 's the problem , senor ? * ~ senior officer come with I , please . miss peterson Excuse I , sir , but we have a flight that 's just leave , we be with a group -~ ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 1 senior officer ( interrupt ) you two will continue . we must detain you friend . it be unavoidable . {to Mary ) follow I , please . Mary follow he , continue to talk : mary well , girl , you know how I can not resist a man in uniform . see you on board . Mary follow the Officer through a few other passen ~ 2 ger en route to they flight , through a doorway mark Security in English and Spanish -- and down a hall . mary ( continue ) wait will I tell my student back home about this . they think nothing ever happen to I . well , look at I now . no , seriously , what be the problem ? ' Cause I do not want to miss this flight . I have a special rate . excursion rate , they be call . senior officer ninterrupt ) this way please . he usher she into a room where two officer stand 3 behind a table , wait . on the table be a open suit - case . Mary look at the suitcase and then the two man . the senior Officer close the door behind she . mary hail , hail , the gang 's all here . what the heck be go on here , boy ? wait a minute , wait a goddamn minute -~ be this some kind of candid camera thing ? huh ? where 's the camera ? she look around the room . senior officer shut up . mary I beg you pardon ? ( continued ) 3 continued : senior officer I say shut up . this be you suitcase , be it not ? mary why , yes , I believe it be . ' that look like my old chino -- with _ - the rosebud -~ senior officer then can you please explain how this come into you possession ? the o£ficer hold aloft a piece of microfiim conceal in a bra . mary do not look like anything of mine , although I be such a sloppy packer , I be not surprised at anything -~ the senior Officer slap Mary hard , send she halfway across the room where she land with she head down -~ senior officer do you think that you affair with a government official would go unnotice ? we be not fool , miss dubois . Mary slowly turn she head , regard the Officer steadily . her lip be bleed . her demeanor be com - pletely transformed . she be no longer a midwestern Carol burnett dingbat , but Marianne dubois , heroic political mole . marianne that 's you best evidence for not be foolish ? you wish you be foolish -- foolish should be a goal of yours . but you be not even a fool ; you be nothing more than a thug , a second - rate thug . the Officer start toward Marianne as if to strike she again . marianne ocontinue ) go ahead , hit I . but we will survive . we have more spirit and more resource than you . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) marianne ( cont 'd ) all it will cost we be money , while you ... there be not enough mommy in the world to further a cause like yours -- Marianne pause . a look of consternation flash across she face . one of the guard start to break , eause the senior Officer to blow . finally Marianne start laugh . marianne / suzanne fuck ... I be sorry , I be sorry . male voice cut! suzanne ( laugh ) you shut up , raoul ! all you have to say be ... ( imitate he ) we. come with I please -- this be you suitcase , be it not ? you would want you mommy too if you have to say all that . a bearded man walk into the shot and walk over to Suzanne . this be the director , lowell . suzanne ( continue ) I be sorry , lowell ~- can you use any of it ? no , of course you can not ; there be no cutaway . you hate I now , do not you ? lowell do not be silly . it be terrific up to that point . suzanne I tell you , you should never give I inch of talk . one inch at the most , but inch and inch -- it 's like a nightmare . lowell you be one of the few actress I know that do not like act . and you be so good at it . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) the crew have start wander around . Suzanne invisibly signal she stand - in , a girl barely notice - able , stand by a camera . suzanne I do not like act as much as I like hang around set . - lowell you should be a grip . suzanne I would but I do not like beer . speak of which , can I go to the men' room before we start again ? lowell you bet . first a.d. everybody get back to one . we be go again . the soundman come and check Suzanne 's body mike as she talk to lowell . soundman fry not to hit you chest when you do that last speech , Suzanne . suzanne listen , Jerry , I be lucky to get through that speech at all -~ if tf have to hit my chest to do it , forgive I . the soundman with Suzanne look at another soundman seat behind a recorder who be laugh at what Suzanne be say . we hear the last part of she dialogue through he headphone ( " can " ) . suzanne ocontinue ) you would hit my chest too if you have this speech . Hair and makeup come to touch Suzanne up . robby ( first a.d. ) let 's go , people -- work with we -~ get back to you mark as quickly and quietly as possible . ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) lowell have go over to the video tv and be watch the take on video . suzanne ( to hair and makeup ) maybe 1 should not go to the bathroom . maybe I should somehow use it in the scene -- no , really , I could play it as though Marianne have to go to the bathroom -~ aside from everything else , it would play much faster . I do not know , maybe I be still in character . sometimes I can not tell . makeup ( smile , shaking he head ) wacko . definitely wacko . suzanne I will be right back . Suzanne make she way through the crew regroup for the next shot . cameraman re-load ! suzanne you can say that again . cameraman i probably will after the next shot . suzanne only if I make it all the way through . Suzanne be very popular with the crew . they clearly like she and think she 's funny . Suzanne slip into the lady ' room . the door close and a instant later , she stand - in slip out . we go back to the soundman with the headphone around he neck . through they we hear someone snort cocaine . both soundman look at each other knowingly . one put a finger up to he nose . he hear the SOUND of a toilet flushing through the headphone . lowell be direct the senior Officer . ( continued ) 3 continued : ( 5 ) lowell it be very good , raoul . this time , you know , when you say miss dubois -- try not to punch it quite as hard . be more victorious with you discovery than ominous . you be plenty ominous as it be . - raqul yes , sir . Suzanne re-emerges from the bathroom . suzanne be the airplane in this shot ~~ or be you just glad to see I ? i be come , I be come . ( she subtly wipe she nose ) show business be my life -~ a blood ampule be thrust deep into she mouth . suzanne ( continue ) -- and boy , be my arm tired . where 's my plane ticket ? first a.d. ( call ) Charlie , prop ! lowell ( lew , to Suzanne ) t£ you fuck up my movie , I will kill you . suzanne ( blankly ) whaa -- ? lowell ( interrupt , angry } you know exactly what I mean . and so do everybody else on this set . I do not care what you do to you body on you time . but this be my time . my movie . I care about what I do . I work very hard to get good resuit and I do not intend to let some spoiled , selfish , coke up little actress ruin my movie . ( more ) ( continued ) 3 continued : ( 6 ) lowell ( cont 'd ) now , there be a lot of people here try to work together to make this a good movie . I expect you to pull yourself together for this last couple of day on this film and work with we or ... I will kill you . I will kill you before you kill yourself . and I will doa better job ' cause you be so out of it you would probably even botch that up . now , do you think you can do the scene straight through this time ? Suzanne just look at he , humiliate and dumbfounded . lowell ( continue ) try to use the humiliation in the scene , it will give you more depth . use you vulnerability instead o£ make joke to cover it up . or take drug . one more hit of cocaine on this picture and I be go to make sure that everyone in this town who do not already know , know what a fuck up you be . I will ruin you forever . and then I '11 kill you . Suzanne nod the smallest of nod . lowell ( continue ) okay , everybody , back to one , we will give it another try . ing hard at be invisible . lowell ocontinue ) and you , what 's you name ? girl Cindy . lowell perfect . Cindy . what be the one belushi have ? Kathy Smith . Cindy -- get off this set and do not come back . i£ I catch you on this set supplying she with drug again , t'll drop a dime on you . [ for will call the police . he spot Suzanne 's stand - in stand to one side work - ( continued ) continued : ( 7 ) 10 . Cindy slink away . okay , lowell ( continue ) [ . think that 's everything . anybody else want to be arrest or kill before we wrap this picture ? no one reply , probably do not . but the general feel be that they lowell ( continue ) then let 's do the shot . assistant director all right , people , we be on a bell . Suzanne be try desperately to pull herself together . thank suzanne ( solemn , earnest ) you , lowell . I be sorry .. + for everything . I know you have no reason to believe I , but I really hear you and ... I be sorry . do not roll . lowell be sorry , be sober . let 's suzanne ( again , to herself , a mantra ) I be sorry . the third assist front of she fac credit end . tnt . jack burroughs 's bedroom ~ mid - morning medium -size , sa : poster wooden be be in the bed . burroughs , a suc ant director put up the clapboard in ee cur to : noar Fe style bedroom . large four - d . pireplace in corner . {wo people one be Suzanne . the other be jack cessful Hollywood producer , early 30' , energetic , enigmatic , attractive , currently slightly hungover . he aw the edge of the aken with some difficulty and sit on bed . Suzanne be dead to the world . {continued ) ii . continued : 4 jack Jesus , I feel like I sleep under a elephant 's foot . he turn and look at the sleep Suzanne . jack ( continue ) hey , slugabe -- it 's almost eleven -thirty . he shake she . jack ( continue ) yoohoo -- sleep beauty . what 's the name of the man that sleep for a hundred year -- rapunzel ? no. rip Van winkle -~ Mrs. winkle , this be you wake - up call . Jack now look concerned , to the degree that he can . it 's clear that something be wrong . Jack turn Suzanne on she back . her head flop back . she be unconscious . jack ( continue ) oh , great . fabulous . Suzanne ! oh please do not be dead . I do not need this -~ do I need this ? he check for she pulse on she wrist -- she neck . jack ( continue ) be there , be there . it 's there . jack ocontinue ) alive ! I know I should stop go out with actress . but do I listen to myself ? no . as he talk , he put he robe on , look in she purse and find empty bottle of percodan and placidil . jack ( continue ) oh , god. 12 . 5 int . jack car ~- twenty minute later 5 Suzanne have be wrap in a blanket . her clothes and she purse be ina pile on she lap . jack never date actress . never date actress . 6 ext . cedar -sinai hospital 6 Jack drive he car into the emergency room parking lot . there be a attendant in the booth . jack ( to attendant ) Delivery . attendant Excuse I ? jack ( upset ) I be drop someone off1 I be drop someone off ! be not this the emergency room !? attendant yes . jack well , this be a emergency ! 7 int . cedar -sinai loading zone ~ a pew minute later 7 Suzanne be be load into a wheelchair by two nurse . a doctor have a clipboard . doctor be you a relation of the patient ? jack no. no relation . I barely know she . I find she like this and bring she here . will she be all right ? Jack be walk backwards to he car . doctor I do not know , sir . where can we reach you ? jack I will call you , okay ? there 's some empty bottle of pill in she bag -- that 's probably what she take . thanks ! ( continued ) 13 . continued : 7 Jack dive into he car . as he slam the car door , we hear a thud . it be : int . hospital 8 a hospital door be push open . we see : a very bright fluorescent light be shine in Suzanne 's unconscious face . one of she eyelid be draw open . a light be shine into it . her pupil do not really react . doctor any idea what she 's take ? nurse pill , sir , as far as we know . percodan , placidil and alcohol . Suzanne 's blood pressure be take . we see the cuff strapped to she arm . doctor {loud ) suzannet Suzanne do not respond . poctor ( continue ; louder ) Suzanne ! Suzanne , unconscious , try from deep within she to become conscious . fhe Doctor slap she hard across she face , Suzanne react . she mumble . doctor ( continue ) what 's she say ? suzanne ( slur ) that 's you best evidence for not be foolish ? foolish should be a goal of yours . her speech from she fine political torture film . nurse something about be foolish . ( continued ) continued : doctor she can say that again . ( loudly , to Suzanne ) Suzanne ! we be go to have to pump you stomach . 14 . Suzanne almost open she eye , focus briefly on the Doctor . suzanne do I have to be there ? a oxygen mask be put to she face . life indicate suction ( ekg wire ) be stick on she to monitor she vital sign . the Doctor reach for a hose . Suzanne be be hold down by a nurse . a black , chalkish fluid be force down she . moment later hear she throw up . nurse funny . I just rent the video of " mist on the Lake . " we see Suzanne 's vital sign . they be low . her heartbeat slow . , we the Doctor 's hand bring the hose into Suzanne 's face . nurse ( continue ) she have french fries for dinner , t see . doctor and some kind of meat product . and a pickle . they begin to insert the hose into she nose . doctor ( continue ) she be not go to like this ; I do not care how unconscious she be . CUT to : int . hospital hallway adjacent to the emergency room - 9 moment later a man be mop the floor . Suzanne 's scream echoes through the hallway . he man do not stop moppin do not look around . oe 10 11 be . int . hospital hallway 10 a woman be run down the hallway , wail , every ~ thing fly -~ purse , wig askew , blouse untucked , false eyelash remove . clearly this woman be catch mid-someth for the apparent emergency . she be doris mann , about 60 , formerly beautiful and more than some - what currently . she be a enormous star in the 50' and 60' and bear that mark . of she be currently very upset , theatrically so . cut a wide swath as she make she way down the hall -- thing drop out of she purse , mostly makeup ~- a pack of cigarettes . people watch she as she move by move aside to avoid impact . doris Mann be very up - set . perhaps she have lose a shoe . doris my baby , my baby . she be breathless . int . emergency room ~ several hour later 1z Suzanne be unconscious follow she procedure . she be still be monitor . a iv run into she arm . Suzanne 's mother , doris Mann , have flung herself across she daughter 's inert form . there be something childlike about doris at the same time as she be theatrical . she be far from a monster as many star from she generation have be depict . she be tough , but at the same time , touch , almost adorable . she be a product of complete self - invention . dirt poor to rich and famous . though the follow have a touch of theatricality about it , almost as though " do " for the two nurse ~~ there should be no doubt about doris ' sincere feeling and concern for Suzanne . several nurse try to comfort she . nurse a she 's rest comfortably , miss Mann . she should be ( fine ) . doris ( not hearing , interrupt ) how do this happen ? I be a good mother . I have my career , but I be there . she have a happy childhood . I can prove it -- I have film . ( continued ) al 12 13 16 . continued : il nurse B I be sure she do , miss Mann . now if you 'il just -- doris ninterrupt ) unlike she alleged father who be .- never there , just like he 's not here now . do you see she father here ? nurse a no . doris of course not , he 's not here , that 's why . I ’mhere . that 's who . me. her mother . ( go to tuck Suzanne in ) at least she 's sleep now . ( to Suzanne ) you never could sleep , could you ? ( kiss she ) that 's my girl . suzanne's dream 12 Suzanne be wander down a hospital hallway . there be picture on the wall . Marilyn Monroe , lenny Bruce , elvis presley , Montgomery clift , Judy garland , jimi hendrix , Janis joplin , John belushi , Jim morrison . she regards they curiously . suddenly she see the nurse ' station . it be empty . she look around to make sure the coast be clear then make she way to a enormous medicine cabinet , which she carefully open . it be fill with pill . she start dump they into she hand -- but then she look down and she hospital gown have no pocket to put the pill in . she panic that gomeone be come . a woman round the corner , catch Suzanne in the act . the woman be Nancy Reagan . int . suzanne's hospital room 13 Suzanne wake up , horrify , sweat from she drean . a therapist , julie , be stand at the edge of she bed . she be middle - age , dress rather youthfully , with dark hair and very long red nail . she smoke lucky strike . she be the queen bee in this rehabili - tation hive . she carry a pad and pencil . jolie nasty dream ? everybody have that . you will have they for a while . ( continued ) 17 . 13 continued : 13 suzanne ( ironic ) great . juiie walk over and open the drape . julie ~ " ( briskly ) I be Julie Marsden , director of the Dawn o£ New hope Rehabilitation Program . I be here to admit you . suzanne Nice to meet you . julie you blood work be do up in the emergency room the other night . since you have be basically sleep since then — — we be go to have to find out a couple of thing before we officially admit you to the unit . suzanne shoot . julie all right , we will start . she refer to she note on a clipboard , as she sit in a chair at the end of Suzanne 's bed . julie ( continue ) approximately how long have you be a drug addict ? Suzanne look at Julie blankly . suzanne a drug addict ? julie you have admit yourself into a drug and alcohol rehabilitation unit . surely that imply some sort o£ drug problem . suzanne drug problem . yeah , I guess , but not ... not a drug addict . see , T never take any one drug . { more ) ( continued ) 13 18 . continued : ( 2 ) 13 suzanne ( cont 'd ) ( think a beat ) I guess that make I a drug addict , huh ? my doctor tell I ft do not so much have a serious drug problem as a drug problem I should take seriously . - julie ( raise she eyebrow ) I see . and do you ? suzanne what ? julie take it seriously ? suzanne I guess so . I get here . you can not get much more serious than this . Julie make a note . julie do you deliberately try to take you life ? suzanne ( flabbergasted ) what ?! julie you know , kill yourself , suicide , overdose . Suzanne be affront . suzanne no. julie I be sorry if my question offend you , but have to have you stomach pump indicate fairly suicidal behavior . ( continued ) 13 continued : 19 . ( 3 ) 13 suzanne well , the behavior might be , but I be certainly not . I always describe my drug take as tame the beast . when I go to someone 's house , I go to they bathroom , run the water and go into they medicine cabinet . if they have pain killer -- I take they . they be mine , I usually leave a few . I be like Robin Hood . I take from the straight and give to the potentially stone . I . Julie make a note . julie do you always have to be funny ? suzanne no . not unless it 's a very serious situation . then it 's necessary . { I think they call it gallow humor . this way to the gas , lady and gentleman . julie ( interrupt ) you be go to have to learn to handle a reality without drug . suzanne hey , you teach I how to identify it , I will try to learn how to handle it . julie everybody have they own particular reality . only you can identify yours . suzanne well , then we be both out of luck . I be in the business of fantasy . my family 's in the business of fantasy -~ fantasy be my reality . julie why do you go into show business , then ? ( continued ) 13 continued : 20 . ( 4 ) 13 suzanne I do not go into it -- I have never be out of it . but -~ ( Suzanne put up she index finger ) I have a plan . if be plan a escape . [ I be tunneling out of show business . digging under all the major studio ... say , do we get any medicine to help we come off drug ? Julie give she a look . Suzanne 's julie I want you to know that I know you be sear and that this be the place to handle it . eye fill with tear . suzanne ( humiliate ) I do not understand how I almost die . that be never what tf want to do . julie what do you want to do ? suzanne ( shrug ) just ... get out of everything . julie that 's very different be not it . suzanne can you tell I what to do ? julie that 's you first step to recovery -- be to recognize that you do not know . that you best think get you into a emergency room . but we have all be there . here we be all recover addict and alcoholics . I have be clean for thirteen year . off heroin . suzanne ( impressed ) heroin . gosh . cuT to : 14 2l. int , drug rehabilitation hospital — night 14 a oversize hospital room which serve as the family therapy room , or movie room , or cafeteria . family night at the Dawn of New bope drug and alcohol Rehabilitation Center in century City . patient be seat in a circle on cafeteria chair with two chair in the middle . in the hot seat ( center chair ) be rob , a agent , and he wife , carol , the cocaine addict . jim , a therapist , be conduct the session . he be a attractive , large black man in he thirty . Rob be impeccably dress , down to he sock . he be a ambitious workaholic whose manner be arrogant and cold . Carol be a nervous gentle girl who be intim - idate by she husband . she chain smoke . other addict and they family sit and watch Carol and Rob in the hot seat . jim ( good~naturedly ) it 's nice to see you here again , Rob . rob I would like to say it 's nice to be here , Jim , but ... jim I know it must be very unpleasant for you to have to deal with all this . rob of course it 's not pleasant , but Carol feel that it 's important for I to participate , so I come . jim iosee . but it 's difficult for you to see the point , be that it ? rob of course not . it 's just that , as you know , this be Carol 's second visit with you people and the first time I come down here happily . Carol laugh ironically and roll she eye . Suzanne watch Rob and Carol intently . ( continued ) 14 continued : 22 . 14 jim why be you laugh , Carol ? carol buh ? jim when Rob say he come down here happily the last time , you laugh . why be that ? carol ( laugh again ) oh , I do not know . rob ( confrontive ) what , Carol ? carol ( reluctantly ) nothing . I do not know . I never feel you be happy to come here at all , be all . rob that 's not true , dear . tf specifically remember you notice how involved I be last time . this time , admittedly , I be not quite as enthusiastic . I have a lot more work that be impossible to interrupt as easily as last time and I know I do not have to remind you that when we marry we have a understanding that my work come first . you say that you could live with that arrangement . you know how important it be for I to devote a lot of time to my job in order to do well . and certainly you benefit from my success . do not I give you everything you want ? do not we live in a nice house ? all I ask from you in return be a little support and some peace and quiet while I read my script on Sunday . as this dialogue continue , the group look very uncom fortable , squirming in they seat , particularly the woman , and most particularly , Suzanne . ( continued ) 14 continued : 23 . ( 2 ) 14 carol ( barely audible ) I know , I just ... she trail off awkwardly , wishing she be dead or invisible . Carol can rob what ? tell I , Carol . I be not a mind reader . I be sorry I be not able to be more attentive while you be in here . do not we go to Barbados last year for Christmas ? do not I say you could re-decorate the house this year ? but now , in light of the expense of the clinic , I be not sure if that 's still feasible . carol ( mortify ) I know , but ... jim be there something you would like to communicate to Rob , Carol ? hardly speak . there be tear in she eye . carol nothing really important . jim {to group ) who here think Carol be have trouble communicate with Rob ? Group raise hand . carl someone ought to bust he in the jaw . jim now , Carl . this random outburst of yours do no one any good . rob I do not really see how this process be of any benefit at all . publicly airing one 's difficulty ~~ ( continued ) 14 24 . continued : ( 3 ) 14 jim ninterrupt gently ) do anyone here think they could communicate with Rob in Carol 's place ? Suzanne , who have be look furious on Carol 's be - half , raise she hand . jim ocontinue ) good for you , Suzanne . Rob , this be Suzanne who will be sit in for Carol . Suzanne and Carol , why do not you trade seat ? Suzanne and Carol trade seat . suzanne {nervous ) hi , rob. rob good evening . Jim stand to one side , watch . the rest of the junky look on breathlessly or not . rob ( continue ) well ? Carol watch fearfully from Suzanne 's seat . Suzanne start out haltingly and gain confidence as she continue . suzanne this be my first post overdose performance , so bear with I . ( clear she throat ) I would not feel comfortable tell you how I feel . I would be afraid I might get it wrong . I might make a mistake and say the wrong feel and then you would correct I . you talk to I like I 'ma child . so officious and grand . I can feel you mass on my border ; a Little backward country with a superpower poise for takeover . Russia to my Finland . the implication be that my way be wrong , that I can not do it . it 's like dope . ( more ) ( continued ) 14 25 . continued : ( 4 ) 14 suzanne ( cont 'd ) I do not mean that 's why I take it , but that 's what it do . it take you over , you lose control . it do not let you take care of yourself . like you . you do not let I take care of myself by -* imply that I can not -~ never could . by imply that you -~ or anyone -~ could do it better . nothing I do please you , so T do nothing to please you anymore . I will spell relief any way I can . tt can not be perfect like you . tf use drug to take I out of the game . I do not want to play if I can not win . with you I always feel wrong and stupid and young . I can not win . as long as I stay sick I give you something to be . as long as I be not good enough you be better . I doubt myself to the degree that you be sure . well , get this , I be sick of play down to you up , failure to you success . stop look at my fault as a mean of not deal with you own . feeling superior to I do not make you someone . you be Doctor frankenstein ... and I be you monster , frankenstone . get off my back . as long as you take care of I I will never take eare of myself . find a hobby , get a night job , become a Big brother . just leave I to myself . get a life . Suzanne stop , embarrassed . Jim rescue she . jim thank you , Suzanne . you make a very lively Carol . Rob look a little stunne . Carol look a little pleased and a little frighten . jim ( continue ) why do not everybody go downstairs and visit with they significant other ~~ ( continued ) 14 be continued : the group 26 . ( 5 ) 14 carl ( interrupt ) they what ?? jim they family , spouse or lover . you have about fifteen minute to visit . Carol and Rob , I would like you to stay behind and talk for a moment , if you would . begin to disperse and move out of the room . Julie , who have be watch Suzanne sit in for Carol , Suzanne 's motion she over to one side . new drug hospital pal , aretha , wait for 15 she . bart and allen , two other family night partici - pants , sit talk . julie that be very good , Suzanne . anger make you eloquent . you show genuine feel for the first time here . suzanne I be always better as other people . julie why be you so afraid of feel in yourself ? sozanne . ( uncomfortable ) I be a better thinker than a feeler , I guess . I be just lead with my strength . julie maybe this strength just hide a weakness . suzanne oh Christ , why do everything have to be about something ? I be mental ' cause I be not emotional -- why can not I be mental ' cause I be ? there be plenty of emotional people -- I bet no one ask they why they be not mental . julie where be you parent tonight ? ( continued ) 15 continued : 27 . 15 suzanne my mother , you mean . my mother be work . she 's come if she can . she 's come after work . and that be not the problem . that 's the good news . she 's a good worker , a great role modei for work , for be independent , for be tough . you leave she alone . if it be not for she , I do not know where I would be . certainly not where I be today . Julie just look at she . Suzanne realize what she have say -- where she be . suzanne ( continue ) you know what I mean . julie deal with you feeling , Suzanne -~ before they deal with you . suzanne do you always talk in bumper sticker -- or be that just on the job jargon ? julie you know , Suzanne , alcoholism be not the problem , it be the solution -~ but until you remove this solution , you can not see clearly what the problem be . this anger be not about I . who be you really angry with ? we hear doris call gaily from down the hall . doris ( 0.s. ) hello , darling . Julie and Suzanne look at each other . suzanne I tell you she would come . Suzanne be join by aretha . they both move down the hall to doris -- away from Julie . doris hello , dear . ( continued ) 28. be continued : ( 2 ) 15 suzanne {to aretha ; sotto ) just when you think it be safe to go back into the rehab . Suzanne move to doris and embrace she . there be true warmth between mother and daughter . suzanne ( continue ) hi , mama . doris be I too late for the family thing ? suzanne yeah , but that 's okay . let 's go back to my room . 16 doris and Suzanne start to move down the hall to 16 Suzanne 's room . doris in she highly coordinate semi-stylish ensemble and fur , Suzanne in she jeans and T-shirt . doris oh , sugar , I do not want to miss that -- how be it ? aretha hover to one side , Bart and Allen behind . doris ( continue ; do not wait for she reply ) what 's the matter with you hair ? suzanne I do not know . it 's all the rage in the rehab . at this moment they be approach by two gay man , Bart and Allen . bart Excuse I , Suzanne , but could if meet you mother ? suzanne sure , Bart . this be my mother , doris . Mom , this be -- ( continued ) 16 29 . continued : 16 bart ( interrupt ) oh , miss Mann . TI can not believe I be meeting you . ever since I be about seven , I have want to be you . allen Bart do you in he drag show . bart this be my lover , Allen . doris ( to Bart ) what number do you do ? bart " whistle pine . '' Suzanne start to move off with aretha , a girl in she mid-twenty , who dress very punk . suzanne mother ... doris oh , yes , boy ... Nice meeting you . bart see you later . Bart and Allen go giggle down the hallway . doris sorry , dear . you know how much the queen like I . Suzanne , aretha and doris be walk down the hall to Suzanne 's room . suzanne yeah . uh , Mom , this be aretha . doris oh , hello . how rude of I . I be just so excited to see my daughter . aretha . what a unusual name . aretha I know . I think my family be expect someone black . ( continued ) 16 17 30 . continued : ( 2 ) 16 the three woman be now stand at the doorway of Suzanne 's room . doris be you black ? aretha no , 1 ... it 's nice to meet you . Suzanne 's tell I so much about you . I be go to weave a basket or something and let you two visit . aretha exit down the hall . doris and Suzanne enter Suzanne 's standard issue hospital room . int . suzanne's hospital room 17 doris she seem very unusual . what do she say about black ? doris throw she bag on the bed and pull out a pack of cigarettes . she look around for a ashtray . Suzanne get a paper cup , put a small amount of water in it and hand it to doris . doris light up , sit down and cross she leg dramatically . suzanne I think she be make a joke . doris oh well , I be glad you be make friend . now , do you call mort ? suzanne not yet . Suzanne get on the bed and sit hugging she knee . she rock back and forth . doris well , you should . you be suppose to start that movie . suzanne I be not go to do it . doris get up and start pace and smoking . doris I do not think you should do it , and I 'il tell you why . ( continued ) 17 continued : suzanne Mom , I just say I be not go to do it . doris first , I do not think that this be a pivotal project in you career ; two , you be go to need time to rest and explore ; and C , I think you should change agent . for do not like what they be do for you . career need plan . you problem be you be too impatient . you be only interested in instant gratification . suzanne instant gratification take too long . doris ( not hearing she ) but I do not want you to think about any of this now . I be handle everything while you be in here . no pressure . I want you to feel absolutely clear -- nothing hang over you head . doris ' eye suddenly fill with tear . doris ( continue ) oh dear , look at I . I promise myself I would not do this and now look . I do not want you to see I upset . I hate get upset . tf just hate for you to go through this be all . I wish I could do it for you . I never want you to go through any pain . I try so hard to shield you , protect you . I always worried that I would lose you . that you would be take from I early . suzanne as oppose to later when it would be more convenient . doris golly , be you tough . just like grandma . always judge I . you have never forgiven I -~ 31 . 17 ( continued ) 17 32 . continued : ( 2 ) 17 suzanne ( interrupt ) ma , T do not think that we need to go over this anymore . doris you never let I talk , do you ? suzanne it 's just that I do not feel like I be talk to you . I feel like I be talk to you drama coach . doris do not make fun of you aunt sylvia , dear . she be wonderful at character breakdown . suzanne ( sigh ) forget it , ma. doris you should try not to be so mad at I , dear . Suzanne be silent , rock . doris pick up some of Suzanne 's underwear from she open suitcase on the floor . doris ( continue ) ah , I will just rinse this out . I bring some woolite packet . they be so handy for the road . Suzanne grab she underwear from she mother 's hand . suzanne leave they . I can do they . Suzanne and doris wrestle with the underwear for a moment . they gaze at one another silently for a beat . Suzanne 's face be red . she be not breathe . doris break the moment by go over and retrieve she purse by the chair , talk as she go . doris I be have some clothes and a quilt bring over tomorrow afternoon and you tape cassette thing for music . ( more ) ( continued ) 17 18 33 . continued : ( 3 ) 17 doris ( cont 'd ) Mary be come over Sunday with a video machine and some tape ... and maybe a plant -~ it 's so blah here , I do not know how you can stand it . everything one color . Suzanne stand where she mother leave she , not breath - ing , clutching she underwear . int . drug hospital - day 18 convert room where all the window have be shut and the light be out . the junky be watch a drug video call " hook on a line " about cocaine addiction . all the junky be present . girl on screen and then I go from snort to slamm . SAM yeah ! that 's my kind of girl ! girl on screen and then one night , I find myself sit with a kilo under the floorboard and a gun in my lap . girl on screen speak in monotone . she have very greasy hair . sid if they be go to get real people for this thing , they should at least get interesting real people . girl on screen ... with the air-conditioner turn up full blast , sweat with all the window shut with cellophane . closeup - carol , aretha and suzanne watch video . suzanne ( whisper ) t be up for this film . ( continued ) 18 19 34 . continued : 18 aretha what happen ? suzanne not ordinary enough . it 's one of the reason I turn to dope . carol that 's understandable . bart do you see the original of this with merle oberon ? it 's one of my favorite . fhe group laugh . int . suzanne's hospital room 19 transformed with doris 's addition . satin and velvet quilt , pink tape deck , several plant , a trunk of clothes , etc . Suzanne be seat on the bed read the " Big Book '' of alcoholics anonymous . there be a tap on the door and nurse dottie come in with a huge bunch of flower and a tiny stuff dolphin tie to they . dottie Flowers for you , Suzanne ! Big , pretty flower ! Suzanne rise from the bed . as the door open , we become aware of Carl 's ever - present voice . he be on the pay phone which be locate just outside Suzanne 's room . aretha follow dottie into the room . aretha who die ? dottie laugh as she put the flower on the window - sill . dottie both of you almost do , for a start . dottie go out laugh and talk to herself in she singsong , annoying voice . dottie ( continue ) Big , pretty flower . ( continued ) 19 continued : the girl annoying . 35 . 19 look at each other as she exit . dottie be Suzanne be open the card that come with the flower . suzanne ( refer to dottie ) Big fish in a little rehab . aretha who be they from ? suzanne ( read ) they be from the guy who pump my stomach . aretha bullshit . Suzanne hand aretha the note as proof . a look of aretha be aretha ( continue ; read ) you be a warm and sensitive person . ( look up ) he can tell all that from the content of you stomach ? suzanne T would have to be sensitive to need all that percodan . I be tempt to marry he to tell people how we meet . carl ( 0.s. ) miss Suzanne . you mama 's on the phone . consternation pass over Suzanne 's face . suzanne fcall ) fall she I be de-tox . watch Suzanne . suzanne ( continue ) well , I be be not I ? you know something that drive I crazy ? I can not remember how I get here . ( more ) ( continued ) 19 20 a20 36 . continued : ( 2 ) 19 suzanne ( cont 'd ) I know I leave wallis ' party with someone , but I must have go into a blackout ' cause I can not remember anything about it and wallis be out of town . aretha tell I about it . the last thing I remember do be smoking dust in the office bathroom -- next thing I know , I be handcuff and in a ambulance . suzanne why handcuff ? aretha apparently , I threaten to rob a liquor store . I do not have a gun , though . int . drug hospital ~ television room - late afternoon 20 all the junky be in the television room on a brief afternoon break before group therapy . Carl , Sam , Bart , aretha , Suzanne , Carol , Alex and sid . they be all glue to the tv -~ rapt , 4 lose generation have find its favorite tv show . closeup ~ television screen open credit for " the Outer limit . " television ( v.q. ) " you be travel in another dimension . not a dimension of sight and sound , but of mind . a place that lie between the pit of a man 's fear and the peak of he imagination . there 's a signpost up ahead . next stop : the Outer limit . " we pan slowly across the face of we junky as they absorb '' the Outer limit . '' Carl get up and turn the channel . everyone groan . a20 turn it to David letterman . it be a re-run . Suzanne be on . suzanne oh God , turn it please ! it 's a re-run from last year . 1 can not watch myself . ( continued ) a20 continued : on tv. 37 . a20 bart no. leave it . carol c'mon , let 's watch it . what 's the matter ? you be great on talk show . suzanne my personal tragedy . great ona talk show . the joanne worley of my generation . sid shhhh . letterman so you first husband be a nightclub performer ? suzanne I do not remember my first husband . { marry he when I be seventeen =~ and then only because I do not like my room . audience laugh . suzanne ocontinue ) which be also eventually grounds for divorce . I do not like he room either . letterman well , in California that be standard grounds for divorce . badly do room . suzanne do not tell my second husband that . letterman that 's right . you be marry to -~ suzanne please . do not mention he name . I make the fatal error of marrying a actor . later I try to get it annull base on the fact that he be not a real person , but I be not Catholic . {continued} a20 21 38 . continued : ( 2 ) a20 letterman but you actually work together , do not you ? in mist on the Lake . suzanne tragically , yes . letterman there 's a famous kiss in that . let I ask you something -- do he use he tongue ? suzanne no , no , no , no . he 's much too famous to use he own tongue -— he get someone else to do that for he . audience laugh . letterman so what be you do now ? Suzanne , off tv , speak to the screen . suzanne I be in a drug clinic . fhe junky cheer . suzanne {on tv ) I be retain fluid for whitney Houston . letterman Excuse I ? suzanne well , clearly she 's not retain she own fluid ~~ who do you think be do it . audience laugh . Suzanne , off tv , hide she head and flush . int . drug hospital ~- counseling room - afternoon 21 Hospital office . Julie sit at a desk with she chair face Suzanne and doris , who sit in other chair . they have just begin a meeting . Julie have begin explain something to Suzanne . ( continued } 21 continued : 39 . 21 julie so the upshot of the whole thing be that , have be so recently in a clinic , you be a very high risk for a movie . suzanne but they want I to do the movie . I talk to the director and -- julie the director be not the problem . it 's the insurance company . they refuse to cover you in the event you do drug ( and alcohol ) . suzanne ( interrupt ) I be not go to do drug and alcohol . doris we know that , dear . but this be businessman who have no knowledge of creative personality , actor be not treat well , and actress be treat like ... well , I hate to say the word , but ... shit . why , I remember when I be fifteen year old , Mr. mayer call I in for a meeting and he be on the toilet , and we have to conduct the meeting with he on the toilet . you can be sure he would not have do that to John garfield . suzanne ( irritate ) Mom ... dort ( to Julie ) my daughter do not like to talk to I . julie miss Mann , maybe I would better handle this . doris of course . she will listen to you ~- you be not she mother . ( continued ) 21 continued : 40 . ( 2 ) 21 julie unfortunately , other actress and actor have not come to work due to a drug and alcohol problem , and it 's cost the insurance company 4 lot of money . try to see it from they point of view . suzanne I do see . I be be punish . julie there be a difference between punishment and accept the consequence of we action . doris what come around go around , dear . suzanne ( to she mother ) how do you figure have my stomach pump go around to my not work again ? julie Suzanne , if you will let I finisher you will see it 's not all bad news , suzanne ( sulk , to herself ) what come around go around . julie I talk to the insurance company this morning and they have agree to cover you if you stay with a responsible party for the duration of the film . suzanne meaning what ? I should stay here ? punch out in the morning and in at night ? julie it 's not quite that extreme , Suzanne . they think it would be appropriate to stay with one or both parent ~~ since you father life in New York , you mother say you could stay with she . ( continued ) 4l. 21 continued : ( 3 ) 21 Suzanne look totally confuse . suzanne Excuse I ? doris she could not stay with she father anyway . he 's worse than she be . {to Suzanne ) not that you be bad , dear . suzanne stay with my mother ? what be I ? a teenager ? doris dear , I live with my mother and father ' till I be twenty - three , and we all share one bathroom . julie Suzanne , maybe it would be better to wait a couple of month to go back to work . go to you aa meeting and when you be feel better equip to deal with the world ... suzanne ( interrupt ) but I want to do this film . I can go to meeting and work . I do better when I work . I feel like I belong . I feel necessary . I know how to do that . doris she 's just like I when I be she age . I do film after film . T never stop . it be wonderful therapy after my divorce and my miscarriages . o£ course , in that day , the material be better . ( to Suzanne ) I think , dear , to do a cop film at this point in you career be a poor choice . you have just do a interesting political film ; do not you think now it would be wiser to relax and compose yourself like Julie suggest ? suzanne ( but ) it want to work now . ( continued ) 21 22 42 . continued : ( 4 ) 21 poris my daughter do not listen to I . forty - two year in the business and she do not listen . julie you understand the condition for do this film , then ? for the duration of the film , you stay at you mother 's . doris you can have you old room . suzanne ( ironic ) great . okay , okay . I will stay with she . you. great . okay . Fine . doris what do you say ? no pain , no gain . suzanne no wonder I be so hefty . doris hefty ? if anything you be too thin . look at I -- my stomach ~~ suzanne ( interrupt ) I be kid , mother . doris well , I do not get you generation 's humor half the time -- suzanne ( interrupt ) I do not have a generation . julie then I suggest you get one . ext . park - day 22 the junky be play volleyball . sid , aretha and Bart against Carl , Sam and Carol . dottie supervise to one side on a blanket with a radio play . MARK , a new resident junkie , push Suzanne in a swing . Mark be 18 year old and look moderately insane . he have very bad skin and hair parte down the center . {continued } 22 continued : 43. 22 MARK so , you be get out tomorrow . suzanne yup. MARK a " that 's so cool . I come in yesterday , you go out tomorrow . change of the guard . suzanne addict relay . MARK you know , I identify with you . you seem different . well , that 's how I feel . 1 feel how you seem . suzanne uh-huh . MARK do I tell you 1 be in prison with Manson ? suzanne yes , you tell I . MARK he feel different , too . he tell I that . suzanne really . MARK yup . right to I . '' I be different , Mark . " he say that . suzanne wow . MARK so you be start a movie soon , cari say . suzanne next week . MARK that 's so cool . be you nervous ? ( continued ) 22 23 44 , continued : ( 2 ) 22 suzanne well , I be always a little bit nervous ; so ... MARK you do not seem nervous . you seem different . like Manson . . suzanne uh-huh . that make a certain kind of sense . Mark push Suzanne higher and higher . the light sparkles through the tree . MARK do I tell you what Manson say about redwood ? suzanne yes . Mark push Suzanne high into the sky . we stay in the sky . as we pan down , we hear ... the bustle of a film set ~ - 23 ting up . Men shout at one another , equipment be move , generator hum , light be set up . ext . movie set - back lot of studio - day several camera equipment and wardrobe truck , prop truck , makeup and hair truck , toilet truck , catering truck , and one long trailer which contain six com - partment . this be the artist 's dress room , all with name on the door . among the name be the star ' name , ROBERT munch and suzanne vale . we see a car approach from a distance as we watch the hum and activity of the film set organize for its first day . the station wagon that have be approach now drive up . Suzanne be in the back seat with wet hair . the car be meet by a young man with a beard , ted , carry a walkie-talkie . ted yep , she just get here . I '11 show she to she trailer . {to Suzanne ) I be Ted , design to make you life a more annoying place to he . suzanne nbow slightly ) Suzanne , design to be annoyed . {continued } 23 24 45 . continued : 23 ted ( laugh ) then we ought to get along great . ved lead Suzanne to the long trailer with the row of door . each door have a name on it . ted ( continue ; indicate door ) and this , of course , be you ... suzanne ( interrupt ) my hamster cage . Suzanne climb the three little step that lead into she allot space . Ted follow she . ted I be go to say rest place . suzanne ( laugh ) my final rest place . I always suspect it would end like this -- alone in a tiny room with a air-conditioner , a toilet and a a.m. radio in the middle of nowhere . int . little room 24 fhe little room be very little . along one wall be a sort of makeshift bed with a cushion to lie down on or be use as a couch . there be a makeup mirror with a counter under it and a chair beneath that . there be a small closet on the leave as you enter at the foot of the bed , and in the right -hand corner be a little room - ette contain a toilet and a sink . the air ~- conditioner be over the door , the radio on the wall . feed stand in the doorway as Suzanne survey she space . ted hopefully it will not end like this ; it will just middle . suzanne yeah , hopefully , it will end ina large , air-condition room with a a.m./ f.m. radio . ( continued ) 24 46 . continued : 24 ted I know what will cheer you up . the producer be come to see you . I mean , one of the producer . suzanne how many producer be there ? 7 ted Three . the Father , the Son and the Holy ghost . suzanne and which be I endear myself to this morning ? before Ted can answer , a large man , joe pierce , appear at the door and knock . he be middle - age and look like someone 's stepfather . he be follow by Rob sonnenfeld , the agent Suzanne lambast in the drug hospital . joe anybody home ? suzanne who be it ? joe Joe pierce . just come to welcome you aboard . Ted squeeze past Joe and Rob as he exit . ted ( to Joe ) Morning , sir. {to Suzanne ) so , can I tell they you be about ready ? suzanne I guess . Joe pierce walk into the trailer and sit largely on Suzanne 's small trailer bed . joe any more people in here and we will need a lubricant . Suzanne laugh uneasily . Joe laugh heartily , slapping he thigh . Ted exit . ( continued ) 24 continued : 47 . ( 2 ) 24 joe ( continue ; call ) see you later , Ted ! {to Suzanne ) Suzanne , this be my agent , Rob sonnenfeld , who 's just come to make sure we be all a-okay . rob {testily ) we have meet . Rob remain as aloof as possible consider the tight quarter . suzanne ( awkward ) good to see you . joe we just come by to say hello and make sure everything be up to snuff . suzanne everything 's great . joe and we be go to need a drug screen . suzanne Excuse I ? Joe shift he large body heavily . joe it 's not for we , you understand . we be not worried about you at all . [ it 's that damn insurance company . they refuse to cover you without a screen . suzanne I see . joe of course , we be behind you one hundred percent . it 's just one of the formality of the business . suzanne I understand totally . do you want urine or blood ? ( continued ) 24 25 48 . continued : ( 3 ) 24 joe I be sure urine will do just fine . suzanne great . do you have a cup or something I can put it in ? joe oh , do not worry about that . the nurse will come by and get it from you later today . Joe slap he thigh and stand up . joe ( continue ) well , I be glad we have the chance to have this little talk . well , I will leave you to get ready . see you out there . suzanne okay . thanks . we hold on Suzanne 's face as she watch Rob and Joe disappear out of she tiny trailer . ext , film set - day ( about thirty minute later ) 25 gaffer and electrician , set up a shot around a large cactus . the light be be arrange with paper in front of they or screen to dim the light . stand - in be tie to the cactus . the d.p. check the light on they face with he meter . he shout instruction to he assistant , one of whom be check the distance between camera and stand - in with a tape measure . it 's a movie set , for chrissake . Suzanne wander to the edge of the set , watch they set up . her hair and makeup have be do and she be in costume . she look rather attractive for a under - cover cop . Ted appear at Suzanne 's elbow . ted we be about ready for a line -up . suzanne be we go to get a rehearsal , by any chance ? ( continued ) 49 , 25 continued : 25 ted I think you have get this film confuse with a big budget film . the lower the budget , the fewer the rehearsals , the worse the food . get the picture ? suzanne ( from the song " leader of the pack " ) yes , we see . Ted guide Suzanne over to the cactus and she be tie up to it with Robert munch . suzanne ( continue ) hi , I be Suzanne . ROBERT Morning . Robert . Rocky , the first a.d. , shout over the bullhorn . rocky quiet please . we be go to do a block for camera , everybody . there 's a lot of dialogue , so we will need you total cooperation . also , keep in mind , there be live snake in this shot , so we will need you to be very , very careful . Robert and Suzanne look at each other . live snake ? 26 int . suzanne's dressing room 26 it be the end of the day . Suzanne be remove she makeup in front of the mirror and eat a doughnut and drink a Coke . there be a knock at the door . suzanne ( call ) yeah . ted ( 0.s. ) you mom 's here . Suzanne give she reflection a perplex look . 27 ext . suzanne's tiny room 27 Suzanne descend the little stair to she tiny home carry the doughnut , and gaze out to the parking lot in the dusk Light . ( continued ) 27 50 . continued : 27 her mother 's cadillac be park at the curb surround by a little group of crew folk . Suzanne approach . we hear doris talk . doris I have not be on this lot since tony randall and I shot '' the ghost of rubber Boot farm " in 1952 . woman it remember that one . you ride a donkey in it . doris oh , that donkey ! I even remember she name . stella . stella the donkey . her trainer could not get she to do anything . except pee . all it seem to do be pee . for say where be it all come from ? it can not be the straw . doris see Suzanne . doris ( continue ) oh , hello , dear , surprise . you old mother come to pick you up , see ? Suzanne flush in embarrassment at she mother 's public persona . she get into the car next to she mom . Ted stick he head in through the window . doris kiss Suzanne . ted so I take it you do not need you driver , miss vale . doris no , she do not . I be she driver . I be she reason . suzanne Ted , this be my mother , doris . Mom , this be Ted . ted a pleasure , miss Mann . I 'ma huge fan . ( continued ) 27 28 continued : sl . ( 2 ) 27 doris you be a poet . " a fan , miss Mann . " you be a poet like my daughter . have you hear my daughter talk yet ? she 's so verbal . oh , of course , you have hear she talk ; you be work with she . suzanne Mom ... doris I be embarrassing my daughter . she hate when I taik . suzanne only when you talk about I like I be not here . like I have pass on to my great reward . ted ( to Suzanne ) you know you call for tomorrow , right ? suzanne yeah . thanks . doris start the car . Suzanne eat she doughnut . doris bye-bye , all . int . doris ' cadillac - drive away 28 doris you should not eat so much , dear . you be start to look year older than yourself . suzanne great . I will just have some heroin , then . no , better yet , some of that near~heroin that just come on the market . you know , like near beer ? doris you have make you point , dear . do not let 's fight . well , how be you day , darling ? suzanne they make I do a drug test . ( continued } 28 continued : 52 . 28 doris I know it . I know you should not do this film . suzanne yeah , but you know I should not do it because it be a bad film , not .- because they be gonna make I do a drug test . doris I do not analyze like you do . it just feel wrong to I . I have a dream that it be not right . Suzanne roll she eye . doris ( continue ) I know you do not take my dream seriously ; not even the one that predict you kidney stone . you know , I have a dream the other night that I be drown . sinking to the bottom of the ocean , with a heavy sequine dress drag I down , suzanne what do that mean ? doris I be not try to alarm you , dear , I fm just try to prepare you . you know , I do not want to tell you before , ' cause you be in the Clinic and all that , but you know the hysterectomy I have ? suzanne yeah , the one last year ? doris they find tumor . suzanne really ? doris ( nedd ) fibroid tumor . suzanne but , be not that normal ? {continued ) 28 continued : 53 . ( 2 ) 28 doris usually . usually it be normal . but you know , dear , in we family all the woman die young . all have weak system . suzanne but gramma 's still alive . doris barely . and do not contradict I , dear . I be try to tell you I might not be here much longer . tf do not want to alarm you , I just want to prepare you for my death . suzanne ( sotto ) fuck I , what be you gonna wear . doris {not hearing she ) it 's important you understand how precious you life be . I leave you my emerald and the rehearsal hall in my will , so when I die , I can look down from heaven and watch you pay off you house . although if you keep spend money like you do , I be not go to leave you anything . or if I do I will leave it to you in trust . suzanne great . then you can even have control from beyond the grave . how do we end up talk about you death from my drug test ? could we just not talk , mother ? I do not feel very well . doris you should let Dr. feldman look at you ; maybe you have tumor . I have one the size of a grapefruit . ( sigh ) my own daughter will not even listen to I . if only you would change back to my business manager , I bet you would feel better . I certainly would . suzanne I be go to kill myself . ( continued ) 28 23 30 54 . continued : ( 3 ) 28 doris do not even say that in jest , darling . particularly right after you have get out of a drug Clinic . people might take it the wrong way . ext . doris mann' encino home - twenty minute later 29 doris and Suzanne drive up . many car be in the driveway . it look as though there 's a party go on . suzanne it look as though there 's a party go on . doris surprise ! I think I would invite a few people over to celebrate you come home . suzanne but , Mom , I have to get up in the morning ... doris all right , if you want I to , I nil go in there and tell they all to go home . int . doris mann' front entranceway - a few moment 30 later the door fly open and doris stand there with she arm around Suzanne . doris fcall ) my little girl be home !!! about twenty people or so stand around . mostly friend of doris . also she friend aretha from the clinic . Suzanne look mortify . her grandparent be there , pearl and owen , as be she housekeeper / nanny , mary , a black woman about the same age as she mother . her grandmother be seventy - five . Suzanne 's stepfather , sid roth , sit drink and watch television . sid essentially never speak . Suzanne 's grandmother , Pearl , be a extremely critical woman . her grandfather , Owen , have the beginning of Alzheimer 's Disease , and do not quite know where he be , but have a general idea that he wish that he wife ( or whoever she be ) be not there too . { continued ) 30 31 55 . continued : 30 all converge on Suzanne . except sid who watch tv and Owen who smoke and perhaps play some senile version of solitaire . ext . doris mann be home ~ several hour later 31 Suzanne stand outside with aretha , look in through the window at the assemble guest . Suzanne be eat . Suzanne eat a lot now . candy , potato chip , coca cola . suzanne ( chew ) I mean , there be people here I have not see since high school . nor would I want to . Louis karasik , for chrissake ! where do she come up with Louis karasik -- the last time I see he , he throw up scramble egg out of he nose on the way to the library . aretha he look like that guy at the ( aa ) meeting . suzanne would not it be fabulous if my whole class end up in aa make coffee , clean up , praying . Suzanne 's grandparent , Pearl and Owen , come out onto the patio . Owen be hold a empty can of cashew nut . pearl let I look at you , lovebug , before you fat old grandmother haul she rear off to bed . Pearl smell Suzanne as she embrace she . pearl ( continue ) mamm . you sure do stink pretty . suzanne you be not go , grandma ? pearl well , you mother 's start drinkin’ she wine and unless I want to sit up all night listenin’ to she rattle off at the mouth , I think I would high tail it outta here . ( more ) ( continued ) 56 . 31 continued : 31 pearl ( cont 'd ) hey , now that you be better why do not you try to get she to stop ? Suzanne give Pearl a look . pearl ( continue ) oh , I know , she 's as ornery as a2 mule , just like Owen . owen I hear that ! pearl well , you be builhead , honey . suzanne hey , grandpaw , want some more cashews ? owen do I have some already ? Pearl shake she head . pearl he get worse every day . owen who get worse -~ I hear that ! get off my back , woman . I want to go home . pearl we be go , dear . owen not with you ! I wanna go home . ( to aretha ) be we go soon ? aretha soon , Mr. harmon , very soon . owen ( to aretha ) know what my daddy do ? aretha what ? owen nconfuse ) what be we talk about ? ( continued ) 31 continued : 57 . ( 2 ) 31 pearl ( to Suzanne ) I tell you . owen I hear that ! get off my back . yap , yap , yap , yap , yap . yap , yap , yap , yap , yap . that 's all you do all the live long day . Owen wander back into the house sing . peari shake she head . owen ( continue ) and the farmer haul another load away . pearl the other day he punch I when I be try to put some clean pajamas on he . ( embrace Suzanne ) well , babydoll , I be gonna skeedaddle . {to aretha ) you ought to eat more , young lady . you be no bigger than a pound of soap after a hard day 's wash . {to Suzanne ) good night , sugar . have to let the dog out . howdy have worm . Pearl exit . Suzanne look at aretha . suzanne I have nothing to say . aretha the same can not be say for the rest of you family . what 's the matter with you grandfather ? suzanne psychologically my grandmother -~ medically Alzheimer 's . a very bad combination . he seem to be lose every part of he brain except for the one that realize that the rest of it be go . and what he do not notice , she point out . as though he 's do it deliberately . like Alzheimer 's be a evil vice . ( continued ) 31 58. continued : ( 2 ) 31 aretha he should go to a senility detox unit . they could send he to meeting with other Alzheimer victim . suzanne aa . alzheimer anonymous . so anonymous , even you do not know who you be . " hi , I be ... and I be ... I be ... uh ... hi , I be ... what be we talk about ? " Suzanne laugh . doris ' drama coach , sylvia richter , come out of the house and join they on the patio . sylvia be ninety year old and very dramatic . doris be very like sylvia sometimes . sylvia there you be , Suzanne darling . well , dear , I be just say to you mother that you take the cure make up for everything . give I a kiss good night , dear . sylvia embrace Suzanne roughly . sylvia ( continue ) you remind I so much of you mother as a young girl in this light -- it make I want to weep . in that early day at the studio , when she first come to I for elocution lesson . as soon as she walk in the door I know she be go to be a enormous star . just as I know it about you , dear , when you mother bring you out at party and you do the twist . Mary come out of the house . mary miss Suzanne , you mama want you inside to cut the cake . Suzanne look at aretha . what cake ? 32 33 59 . int . doris mann' live room 32 Suzanne stand in front of a cake of she face with candle around it . she blow out the candle , which have essentially make she hair look like it be on fire . doris embrace she daughter proudly . Suzanne look exhaust . a very gay- look older man start up a chant . gary sing something , Suzanne ! a large body of the group murmur : '' yes ! yes , sing ! " suzanne ( humiliate ) no , really , please , I can not . doris c'mon , sweetheart . do one of you old number from my act . suzanne no , mama , really . doris just one number to please you old mother . int . doris mann' live room - some moment later 33 Suzanne be stand next to the piano , sing . doris ' accompanist , roger , accompany . her voice be soulful , beautiful . she hold onto the piano for dear life . she be almost visibly tremble . she keep she eye train on the ground . doris 's face be a mixture of emotion from pride to envy . sometimes she mouth the word to the song with she daughter . she occasionally shush the other guest , even if they be not talk . as Suzanne fin - ish she ballad , doris be in tear . Suzanne be miser - able . she finish and give she mother a helpless , catch look . the song she sing be a baliad like " if I love you , " " skylark " or " better luck next time , " a yearn , sad song . suzanne «ee so do not say better luck next time that could never be because there be not gonna be no next time for I . ( continued ) 60 . 33 continued : 33 all be visibly move . the room explode in applause . doris run to she daughter 's side , embrace she . doris that be lovely , dear . I do not know why you do not sing anymore . suzanne I get so nervous , doris but you should not be . you have get a terrific voice -- a terrific talent -~ a much bigger talent than mine . now Gary start another chant . gary now , doris , doris , sing something ! the room chime in once again : " yes ! oh , yes ! " doris no , no I could not . really , it 's my daughter 's night . suzanne ( know she want to ) go on , mama . sing . doris ( to Suzanne ) you think I should ? suzanne yes . doris all right . you sing for I ; I '1l sing for you . ( to Roger ) " gee but it 's good to be here " -- in a~flat . doris wow they with she song , completely eclipsing Suzanne . she be a true performer -~ loving it , bear to do it . nerves of steel , she play completely to the crowd . Suzanne watch . the room be electrify , whipped up as they can only be in the face of a great and true entertainer . ( continued ) 33 34 61 . continued : ( 2 ) 33 doris ( continue ) I have be to reno I have be to beverly Hills and I be here . reefer and vino I have do ‘em all and my dear , I be still here . I have stand in bread line with the best , watched while the headline do the rest . in the depression , be I depressed ? nowhere near . iz get through all of last year , and I be here . she finish on top of the piano , the assemble company cheer . we hold on Suzanne 's happyr defeat face . doris cast a long shadow . int . suzanne's room - half hour later 34 the party have disperse . Suzanne have miraculously escape . she enter and close the door behind she , look enormously exhaust and relieved . she move to the sink intend to prepare for bed . a voice startles she from a chair in the corner of the room . tony hi , baby . Suzanne jump in fright and look around , see she father , tony vale , seat in the chair . he stand . he be in he late fifty , short , dark and formerly hand ~ some . he have tremendous boyish charm . suzanne Jesus , daddy , do not do that -- you frighten I . tony sorry , baby , you know I would not want to upset my little girl . suzanne I know . they move together and embrace . ( continued ) 62 . 34 continued : 34 tony you sound great down there , sweetheart . suzanne how do you get up here ? tony you know you old dad . where there 's a will , there 's a way . ( sing ; low ) '' and down that way I will wander ~- wander , my love , to you side . '' suzanne dad -- tony I snuck into the yard and climb a tree . pretty good for you old dad . but they can not retire I yet . he lift up he shirt , show he stomach . tony ( continue ) feel . Suzanne reach out tentatively , feel she father 's stomach . suzanne pretty good , pop . tony pretty good . why , it 's hard as a rock . well , maybe not a rock . suzanne a pet rock . tony laugh . . tony oooh , there 's that terrific mind again . you get a terrific head on you shoulder , baby . suzanne I have get a head on my neck . ( continued ) 34 continued : 63 . { 2 ) 34 tony what ? ( get it ; laugh ) a head on you neck . ( shake he head in wonder ) what be that thing you say that |. time ? something about a martyr ? suzanne ( slightly impatient ) a glib martyr . dad ~~ what be you do here ? tony can not I come see my daughter ? oooh -- you look great , baby . ( whistle ) that 's some get~up . suzanne how would you find I ? tony you service in New York refer you mother 's number , so I put two and two together and ... I think I would surprise you . suzanne well , you do . you really do . how come you be out here ? tony I be meeting with mory shenk -~ you know who he be ~~ he own the Marquis Hotel chain ~~ they want I to meet with they about put one of my deli 's in they hotel . suzanne that 's great , dad . tony so , how 's my little girl ? still have not do any drug ? suzanne yup . you clean ? tony as a whistle . you get a great body , baby -- just like you mom . ( continued ) 34 continued : 64 . ( 3 ) 34 suzanne dad ... tony yes , sweetheart . suzanne be there something you want ? tony do I have to want something to come see my daughter ? be not you glad to see you old dad ? you be always thrilled to see I when you be little . suzanne I be always thrilled to see you partly because I never see you enough . I mean , that often . tony that be you mother 's fault . I want to see you , but she would not let I -- you be in Palm Springs or somewhere . ugh , I be defend myself and I do not want to . it 's just that when you say thing like that , you twist the knife in my heart . I mean , I dontt really care who hurt I , but when you hurt I -~ suzanne dad , all I say be that I do not see you that often . tony remember you sixteenth birthday -- I buy you six fuck ring and you give they to all you friend -- I have to pay they off . suzanne I do not give they to all my friend . tony I be in love with you when you be a little girl and now you mother have turn you against I . ( continued ) 34 continued : 65 . ( 4 ) 34 suzanne no , she have not . I do love you , dad . I just do not see you that much . we be suppose to see each other a month ago . I caly you and you never call I back . tony I never get a message . who would you leave the message with ? suzanne some woman . tony ah -- margie . suzanne who 's margie ? tony the woman I have be live with for the past four year . suzanne oh . tony baby , be there anyone in you New York apartment ? suzanne what happen to yours ? tony oh that landlord be crazy ~~ he keep my furniture . say I be scream . I be scream because my finger be infect . suzanne he 's keep you furniture ' cause you finger be infect ? tony oh , he 's a asshole . you know I would not come to you if I have somewhere else to go ~~ and once this Marquis thing go through , I 'il be out of you hair -~ baby , when I get my money back , I '11 buy you castle and car . suzanne I know , dad . ( continued ) 66 . 34 continued : ( 5 ) 34 tony ( sing ) " my best girl be the girl who 's get eye like a stone . " give you old dad a kiss . she kiss he . tony ocontinue ) I be tell you , kid , you get a great ass . ( shout ) bring I the head of beverly Hills . I love you , angel . suzanne I love you , dad . he start to turn away . suzanne ( continue ) pop? tony yes , mommy ? suzanne what kind of after shave do you wear ? someone ask I and I do not know . tony vetiver . suzanne vetiver . tony good night , sweetheart -- thanks . suzanne ( to herself ) vetiver . tony climb out of the window as Suzanne look on . 35 int . car - the next morning 35 Suzanne be dress and make up , about to do a chase scene through the desert in the rain . the soundman be put a mike in the car . ( continued ) 35 continued : 35 roger , the hair dresser , wet down she hair , simon , the English director , approach and crouch down next to Suzanne 's open car door . he look embarrassed . simon hello , darling . suzanne hey , Simon . he look at he hand . the soundman finish and walk away . suzanne ( continue ) what 's happen ? do you have to take a drug test , too ? Simon look confuse . simon oh , no , no , no . it 's nothing really . they just ... the producer see the rush last night and have some rather interesting note . Roger give Suzanne one last spritz , see that Simon want to talk to Suzanne privately and discreetly be - move himself . Suzanne try to seem calm . suzanne well , what ? simon now , do not take it the wrong way . I see they this morning and you be fine . suzanne ( gloomily ) it be my first day . simon ( emphatically ) it be you first day , absolutely . I could not agree with you more . the producer simply feel you should have fun with it . ( he smile ) just have more fun with it , that 's all . {continued } 35 68. continued : ( 2 ) 35 suzanne Simon , if I know how to have fun with stuf£ , I would not be in therapy . I would not need to take drug test . simon now , now . I think they have some very interesting comment . maybe I be not say it properly . what I think they mean be that you could own you performance . make it more you own . just sort of have fun . Suzanne stare at she foot . suzanne ( sarcastically ) really ? and here I think everything I do have to be fraught with incredible torment . this be amazing . why do not one of my shrink tell I this ? simon ( patiently ) now , Suzanne , you should not be in this business if you can not take criticism . Suzanne stare at she foot . suzanne but , Simon , please . have fun with it . do not you think I would do that with everything I do if it be at all possible ? Simon put he arm around Suzanne . simon I know you can do this part . just relax into it . be yourself and you will be wonderful . Simon kiss the top of Suzanne 's head and walk off to talk to buddy , the d.p. , as Ted arrive with a can of diet Coke . ted nutrasweets for the sweet . ( continued ) 35 36 69 . continued : ( 3 ) 35 suzanne you know what I think ? actor be the lowest of the low . unless they have box office , in which case , they be treat with respect without be respected . Suzanne take a swig of soda and pull a candy bar out of she pocket , take the wrapper off and take a big bite . suzanne ( continue ) at least with I , there 's a honest level of contempt . they do not respect I and they do not treat I with respect . Ted nod sympatheticaily . ted you ought to be a assistant director if you want to sample the motherlode of contempt . and preferably a second assistant director . Ted take Suzanne 's arm . ted ocontinue ) we need to get you touch up . you be in the next shot . ext. back lot of studio - that afternoon 36 Suzanne be head to the prop truck . she move through the warm hum of the crew as they check light , change lense , position extras . she be hum " gee but it 's good to be here " as she arrive at the prop truck for she diet Coke . as she round the corner of the truck head for the metal step at the back , Suzanne almost collide with neil bleene , the youngest of the producer . neil nstepp aside ) well , fancy meeting you here . Neil bleene , associate producer . Suzanne smile a startle smile and go up the step . she get a Coke out of the ice chest , open it and stand on the edge of the truck look down on Neil bleene . ( continued ) 70 . 36 continued : 36 suzanne I understand my enjoyment level be down . Neil look at he shoe and clear he throat . neil . well , no , we feel the performance ~ be fine , but ... ( he search for the right word ) you be hold something back . suzanne nrepeat solemnly ) holding something back . neil it feel like you be not ... that you do not make a choice . you make a non-choice . like you be concentrate more on not do something than on do something . suzanne I see . neil I have be in theatre . I have also direct theatre . I be produce this basically to make money . I be actually a theatre director . from what I be tell , you spontaneously hit Bobby during a rehearsal , and Simon stop you . I do not think he should stop you impulse . the other thing be that sometimes certain line reading be appropriate , like in comedy , it 's a rule that inflection go up at the end . Suzanne kneel down to look in Neil 's eye . suzanne there 's a comedy rule ? Neil run he hand through he hair . neil well , there 's not necessarily rule so much as guideline . ( beat ) you be very good in " Public domain . * what do you do there ? { continued ) 36 continued : ql . ( 2 ) 36 suzanne ( defensive ) I have Benjamin keller as my director and magda valnepov as my coach . tf do not have fun with it . we have a month of rehearsals . we work very hard . we hardly ever relaxed . Suzanne stop , realize she 's get pretty defensive and loud . Suzanne jul spill she suzanne ocontinue ; calmer ) look , I may not take criticism well , but that do not mean I be not hearing it . right now , I be store it in my delay response area , because it 's hard for I . tf wish I be someone who welcome criticism and immediately understand its value , but I be not and if I look unhappy about this , iam . I have have one day of work on this and this be my second conversation about what 's miss in my performance . neil ( shaking he head ) we be talk about two minute of film . two minute of screen time out of ninety . suzanne be it correctable ? neil ( reassuringly ) come on , it 's not as though you farted during all you dialogue and we all sit in rush and say , '' what 's that noise all over she line ? " suzanne {ironically ) I be so relieved . that analogy have bath I in relief . mp down off the prop truck , careful not to Coke . ( continued ) 36 72 . continued : ( 3 ) 36 suzanne ( continue ) thanks for the act tip and the pep talk . I be feel much more relaxed now . Suzanne head back in the direction of the set , leave Neil and he leather pants at the prop truck . we follow Suzanne as she take a swig of soda and round another corner of a truck . this be the wardrobe truck . as she approach the back of it , she hear what turn out to be Simon 's voice . Suzanne slow , eavesdropp on the ongoing conversation . she pull a bag of honey roast cashews out of she pocket and eat they quietly as she listen to the two voice . simon can not you get she into a girdle or something ? wardrobe mistress ( 0.s. ) not with that dress , sir . we might be able to use a pantyhose with a control top . although , I be net sure if that will be sufficient . simon all right , all right -- anything . just try to do something . and we be go to have to put she in pants instead of short . the top of she leg be very ... Simon trail off , search for a polite term for the top of bad leg . Suzanne stop chew , in suspense . somehow she know they be talk about she . wardrobe mistress ( 0.s. ) bulbous . she have cellulite . Suzanne wince . bulbous ? cellulite ? simon I do wish we could get she to stop eat so much . but then , I suppose have just give up drug , she have to do something . maybe we could get she to start smoking . ( continued ) 36 continued : 73. ( 4 ) 36 Suzanne stop eat . it be she they be talk about . oh , God . pocket . she slowly put the cashews back in she wardrobe mistress ( 0.s. ) what be we go to do about the bed scene , Mr. woodruff ? simon cheat the angle somehow , I suppose . her breast be rather .. out of shape , be not they ? wardrobe mistress ( 0.s. } i£ you have she on she back , like the script indicate , she tit will just move off into she armpit . simon how unpleasant . well , perhaps you should purchase some sort of camisole or something . JI have no idea when I hire she that she be this ... out of shape . though , I suppose we could not have get she if she be still ... in she prime . wardrobe mistress ( 0.s. ) i€ you will forgive I , Mr. woodruff , with she reputation she be lucky to have a job at all . she pretty much destroy the career she have . 's this is a break for she . simon I suppose you be right . it 's sad , be not it , really . she be so good in '' a night full of shoe . " well , I hope all this be not too much trouble for you wardrobe department . I be almost sorry we do not get Valerie Rogers , at this point . wardrobe mistress ( 0.s. ) Valerie have a terrific body . simon yes . well , alma ... I must get back . thank you . {continued ) 74 . 36 continued : ( 5 ) 36 Suzanne hear Simon start to exit the truck and move away quickly . a tall , thin man approach she from the opposite direction . GEORGE ( to Suzanne ) George lazan . executive producer of " Kitchen sink . " how be you ? suzanne Fine ... Suzanne — — GEORGE ninterrupt ) vale , I know . anyway , have I catch you at a bad time ? George be silent for a moment , then just suddenly launch into the purpose of he visit . he walk as he talk . Suzanne follow , puppy-like . GEORGE ( continue ) well , look , I see the rush and frankly , you be hold back . see , I think of this piece as a light fluffy piece , a kind of '' what 's up , Doc ? " for cop . so you just gotta relax . you gotta just enjoy yourself and trust the process . ; Suzanne be incredibly uncomfortable as she walk along ~ side George lazan through the back lot of the studio . suzanne ( evenly ) well , I can not promise you I be go to turn in a barbra streisand performance . GEORGE no , no , no . you see , I think of Robert munch as a kind of Ryan o'neal type . he 's a reactive actor . what we need be for you to be the one who govern the pace of the piece . if you dictate the pace , then Bob will follow you . ( continued ) 36 continued : 75 . ( 6 ) 36 suzanne I hardly think I be responsible for the pace of the piece . GEORGE {impatient ) well , look , it 's a " happen one night " kind of thing . you know what I mean . look , do you think you can do this part ? suzanne ( tiny voice ) yeah . why ? GEORGE I always ask my actor that . look , just because we imagine goldie hawn or a Marilyn Monroe kind of thing in this part ... now we have get to deal with what you have to bring to it . we hire you , now we have to go with what you have . suzanne ( sigh ) I appreciate you comment , Mr. lazan . i'11 certainly give relax my best shot . if I be not enjoy myself , though , it 's not because I be deliberately try to sabotage you film . GEORGE I realize that . just do the best you can . oh , and , by the way , do not worry about the nose . suzanne {touches she nose ) the nose ? GEORGE I have be talk to the cameraman and we can straighten it with lighting . you will barely see the bump . suzanne great . God bless you . ( continued ) 36 76 . continued : ( 7 ) 36 we notice a car and driver park across the street . George stick out he hand for shaking . GEORGE I will see you on the set . suzanne yes . George turn and climb into the car wait for he . the driver hold open the door . Suzanne watch he go . Suzanne walk back onto the set and approach Simon . simon hello , darling . what 's the problem ? suzanne ( stern ) the problem , Simon , be that hundred of people have have conversation with I concern my low enjoyment level and my nose ... and ... and it bother I . I would prefer to receive direction solely from you . Simon look concerned and the wind almost blow off he straw hat . . simon ( affront ) really ? hundred of people ? that should not be . I will have to have a word with they . suzanne I mean , we be talk about one day of work here . a scene where I be tie to a cactus and assault by snake all day . as if I be a child ! I mean , why do not I give they my mother 's phone number ? she can stand by and make sure I be relaxed ! Simon snap he finger . ( continued ) 36 37 38 77 . continued : ( 8 ) 36 simon that 's it ! this be exactly she ! this be the quality I want for you character . right there . what you be do now . see ? suzanne but , Simon , this be not relaxed . this be incredibly upset . if this be the quality , then maybe ... Simon put he arm around she and walk she toward the platform where the crew wait . suzanne ( interrupt ) darling , just be yourself and you will be fine . I know it sound trite , but trust I . I will talk to the producer and make sure what occur yesterday be not repeat . now try to calm down . Suzanne look at Simon like one of they be insane . int . suzanne's tiny trailer 37 Suzanne be once again remove she makeup at the end of a long , overwhelming day . she take a last look at she reflection , and then exit she dress room / hamster cage . ext . back lot studio sunset - a few moment later 38 Suzanne be walk down a western street , then turn a corner into a suburban street , reminiscent of '' leave it to beaver . " Jack burrough appear behind she , catch up to she . Suzanne look at he blankly for a second . she have no idea who he be . then see as how she would better con - ceal that fact until , through conversation , she can best determine he identity , she smile . jack hit suzanne hello . jack it 's I . Jack . ( continued ) 78 . 38 continued : 38 suzanne sure . she clearly do not remember and he know it . suzanne ( continue ) Jack . how have you be ? jack good , good . you ? suzanne oh ... well , you know , okay . I have just have this long weird day , so ~~ god. I have not ... when be the last time we see each other ? Jack know she 's try to figure out who he be . jack too long . too , too long . suzanne yeah ... well ... it 's good to see you . she have no idea who he be , but maybe if she keep talk - ing to he , it will come back to she through something he say . jack you too . be you go to the reunion ? suzanne what reunion ? jack High school . suzanne you go to beverly High ? jack sure . where would you think you know I £rom ? suzanne no , I do not mean it like a question -~ like you go to beverly , more like a " you go to beveriy . " I mean it ina nostalgic way . when be the reunion ? {continued ) 38 continued : 79 . ( 2 ) 38 jack end of the month . god! remember Mr. cravely ? suzanne ( do not ) Mr. cravely ? jack we biology teacher . the one that make we do all that science project on mammal . suzanne ( concentrate ) Science project on mammal ... jack good old Mr. cravely . terrible about what happen to he . suzanne what happen to he ? jack oh. I think you know . suzanne no. jack well , he go to this party , and meet a girl . she seem kind of tired ... sick maybe . so , he take she from the party to a restaurant to get something in she stomach -~ maybe she would feel better . anyway , next thing you know , she come home with he , and ~~ be you sure you have not hear this ? suzanne she go home with he and then what ? jack they have what he think be a perfectly wonderful evening together , after which she take a handful of pill and overdose . suzanne and then he drive she to the hospital . ( continued ) 80 . 38 continued : ( 3 ) 38 jack the next morning . suzanne and he do not leave he name . they look at each other . suzanne ocontinue ) mister cravely , I presume . jack at you service . suzanne I do not have a service , I have a machine . jack I be glad to see you be all right . suzanne __£ suppose I should thank you . jack I could apologize to you for not leave my name when I drop you off at the hospital . suzanne under the circumstance , it be probably a secondary issue . I do not know whether there 's a polite way to behave during a overdose with a complete stranger or not . jack well , not a complete stranger . more a relative one . and with relative like that -- suzanne ( interrupt ) look , I do not know what happen that night ... I can only guess -- no , I do not even want to do that ~~ but I want you to know that I be not like that . I be not exactly sure what I be like , but I be , not in the practice of ... go home with -- ( continued ) gl. 38 continued : ( 4 ) 38 jack ( interrupt ) what if I tell you that nothing happen ? Suzanne stare at he . suzanne - nothing ... what ? jack nothing happen . we just talk and then you take my placidil and fall fast asleep . suzanne why ? -- be I -~ be I so unappeal to you ? jack quite the contrary . but you be a little the worse -~ or better -— for substance and I have rule about that . suzanne that sound ~- do not Jimmy Stewart say that to someone in a movie ? jack t£ he do not , he should have . suzanne be you sure I do not ... sleep with you ? jack sleep , yes . suzanne kiss ? jack what ? here ? now ? suzanne no . then . that night . jack see if this ring a bell . Jack go to kiss she . Suzanne start to resist , but she need for affection and he charm overwhelm she . they kiss gently , shyly . ( continued ) 38 82. continued : { 5 ) 38 he kiss suzanne it ring something , but I do not know if it 's a memory bell , or = ~ jack ninterrupt ) how about this ? she again , this time more passionately . suzanne it certainly remind I of something I should have do before . jack it remind I of something I want to do later , so I can look back on it after that . suzanne I be sort of nostalgic already . jack nostalgic for the present . suzanne memories of now . jack remember that time that I see you after see you before , only you do not remember ' till I kiss you and you awoke into the dream that be reality that we look back on without leave the moment ? this be then . suzanne be you Southern ? jack half jewish , why ? suzanne you talk so colorful . what 's the other half ? jack currently , you . suzanne ah , well then , that explain it . I can see why I go home with you that night , unless you have have some success recently and change . ( continued ) 38 continued : 83 . ( 6 ) 38 jack I always say , success do not change people , it just give they permission to become more fully , truly , who they be . asshole become gigantic asshole and good people can become great . it 's a form of magnification . suzanne so , what about you ? jack I have not have enough success yet to go either way . I be just a lizard , a lone lizard . I have ail the pride of the B + student . you ? suzanne me? ( shrug ) I be a asshole , I guess . jack I doubt that . suzanne I do not know , maybe I be a lizard too . certainly if you go by the skin on my elbow I be . jack ( sing ) " you say asshole , and I say lizard . " suzanne ( laugh ) let 's call the whole thing off . well , we have find we theme . for what it 's worth . jack for what it 's worth ! do not you know that people spend year search for they theme , and here we have achieve it in under a hour . now we will just have to find we credo , suzanne we credo ? ( continued ) 38 39 84 . continued : ( 7 ) 38 jack and once we have determine that , we will have to invent the secret handshake and have the special tour jacket make . oh , we have we work cut out for we . have anybody ever tell you that you smell like catalina ? like a hippy ? like good sense ? suzanne as a matter of fact , only this morning . jack really ? have anybody ever tell you you smell like ... the future ? suzanne but I break just like a little girl . ( sigh ) oh , look , it will never work . jack why ? suzanne we come from two totally different background . you be bring up as a boy , while I be bring up as a girl . they smile at each other . it might work . int . doris mann' hallway ~- back of front door ~ 39 following afternoon fhe door be open by doris , revealing Jack burrough . doris be deck out once again in she doris regalia . doris hello . May I help you ? jack I be here to pick up Suzanne . I be Jack . doris Jack . I be Suzanne 's mother . be she expect you ? jack I think so . we be go to drive out to my ranch . ( continued ) 85 . 39 continued : 39 doris let he in the house , lead he into the live room . doris come in , come in . f' 11 call she . I be sorry if I seem rude , but you know how protective mother can '' be . do you say you have a ranch ? jack yes , mar 'am , out in malibu . doris ah . all the way out in malibu . how nice for you . have you know Suzanne long ? jack nope . just meet she last month in fact . feel like longer though . . doris I know what you mean . I have actually know she a long time though . her whole life . she 's a interesting woman , do not you think ? authentic . last month you meet she ? a old stepfather - look guy , Suzanne 's stepfather , sid roth , wander down the hall and into the live room and turn on the tv . doris ( continue ) oh , good morning , dear . this be my husband , sid roth ; sid , this be Suzanne 's little friend , Jim . jack Jack . Nice to meet you , Mr. roth . sid roth grunt something in reply , in keep with he hardly ever talk . Suzanne come down the hall . sid watch tv . doris oh , there you be , dear . I be just come to get you . you friend be here . Suzanne glare slightly at she mother . ( continued } 39 40 86 . continued : ( 2 ) 39 suzanne {to Jack ) hi , could you just wait one second ? I wanna tell my mother something . jack sure. doris ( to Jack ) my daughter want to talk to I . Suzanne and doris go into the kitchen . Jack stand awkwardly beside sid , who continue watch tv . jack what be you watch there , Mr. roth ? sid point to the tv as he watch in explanation of what he be watch . int . doris mann' kitchen - several moment later 40 suzanne why do not you tell I he be here ? doris I be just come to get you . suzanne you be make he like you , be not you ? doris what be you talk about ? suzanne you have to make everybody like you . even my people . doris dear , you be tired . you do not get a lot of sleep . suzanne I just want to have some people of my own be all . without they have to like you so much . ( continued ) 40 continued : 87 . 40 poris can not we share people ? you can not blame I for try to find out a Little bit about he , can you ? you taste in man have not always be that healthy . suzanne oh , and yours have ? how could anyone choose healthy man around you ? remember my seventeenth birthday party ? you lift up you skirt in front of everyone , inelude that guy Michael that I - doris ( interrupt ) I do not lift up my skirt , dear , it twirle up . you only remember the bad stuff , do not you , dear ? what about the big band I get that play at that party ? do you remember that ? no . you just remember that my skirt accidentally twirle up and that -- suzanne ninterrupt ) and that you be not wear any underwear ! why do you have to take over every situation that you be in ? why do you have to overshadow I ? doris I have not overshadow you ! what have I do to deserve such a bitter daughter ? it twirle up , tf tell you ! and that fellow just get here ~~ I be just come to get you ! and I do not care if he like I or not ! suzanne sure you do ! you want everyone to like you . doris you always have to marry such shit . why could not you have marry that nice boy that want to marry you ? that what 's - he - name that I like so much . ( continued ) 40 41 42 88 . continued : ( 2 ) 40 suzanne wally meyerson . and you only like he ' cause he would sit and drink with you and listen to you storey . doris story about you as a little girl ! -~ and some storey about Hollywood -~ he ask I to tell they . at least wally be a gentleman and not some sort of make - out artist like you friend out there . with bedroom eye . suzanne right . and a live room nose and a kitchen forehead and de ear . Suzanne storm out . int . jack burroughs ' car - heading toward malibu ~ 41 fifteen minute later Suzanne be sulk slightly . jack you stepfather be a very dynamic man . we have quite a chat while you be go . suzanne ( distract ) yeah , right . jack I do not realize you mother be doris Mann . what 's it like have a mother that 's a movie star ? suzanne compare to what ? when I do not have a mother that be a movie star ~~ when I have a normal mother and say naw ~~ this be so blah -~- can not we go with something that have a little more pizzazz ? Jack 's car tear down the highway . int . jack malibu ranch - later that night 42 Jack and Suzanne in heat embrace . passionate . Jack attempt to go further . Suzanne resist . { continued ) 42 continued : 89 . 42 suzanne ( breathless ) wait . look . stop , I can not do this . jack what ? suzanne what do you mean , what ? reupholster you furniture -- this ! more of this . I do not have casual affair . jack ever ? suzanne no . well , there be a brief moment when I think I would have one with you , but now that 's past -~ no . drug be my vice ~- not man . jack I do not want to have a casual affair . suzanne be this a proposal ? jack do you joke about everything ? suzanne frequently when thing get too serious or stray too far from my area of fluency . yes . jack and we have stray too far -- suzanne officially , yes . look , I just get out of a drug clinic -- not relationship University . I be uncomfortable in the realm of feel -- okay ? jack so , you have feeling for I ? suzanne do not do this . {continued } 42 continued : 90 . ( 2 ) 42 jack I just want to know . ' Cause I do for you . suzanne what ? jack '' have feeling . suzanne how many ? more than two ? jack I be not go to do this if you be go to make fun of I . suzanne I be not go to make fun of you . I be make fun of you -- I be sorry . I will stop . look , what be you say . jack I think I love you . suzanne when will you know for sure ? jack please . this be hard enough as it be . suzanne you can not be serious . you just meet I . jack you forget . we have spend a entire evening that you have forget . suzanne I be load . how lovable could 1 have be ? jack you be a extraordinary person in any state . suzanne even delaware ? ( continued ) 42 continued : beat . he kiss 91 . ( 3 ) 42 jack yes , I think I no even love you in delaware . suzanne you be serious . jack I be just as surprised as you be . I think I would lose the ability but with you ... suzanne well ... I do not know what to say . that 's ... really nice . jack I should never have tell you . suzanne no , no , it 's good that you have tell I , very ~~ brave . jack brave ? right . because it 's such a long shot . ' Cause you could never love I back . suzanne no . who know ? you be certainly infatuation material . she . jack I love you . suzanne you be crazy . jack stay with I . suzanne Jack -~ jack take a risk . I be worth the risk . you will see . I do not want to see anyone but you . I do not want to smell anyone but you -- ( continued ) 42 43 92 . continued : ( 4 ) 42 suzanne ( interrupt ) I can not tell when you be kid and when you be serious . jack I be serious . I have never feel like . this for anyone this soon . she shake she head . suzanne ( whisper ) okay . jack you will never be sorry . suzanne you sound like a rug salesman . int . doris mann be home - half a hour later ( 4 a.m. ) 43 Suzanne open the front door very quietly and shut it very quietly behind she . she tiptoe gingerly down the fall , past the live room , where doris Mann sit in the dark , smoking . doris ( evenly ) have you any idea what time it be , dear ? Suzanne jump , startle . suzanne Jesus , mother , do not do that ! you scared I ! doris turn on the light on the table next to she . she be in she robe . there be a bottle of wine on the floor next to she and she hold a glass . the ashtray be almost full and she smoke . doris I suppose it never occur to you that you might have scared I by stay out so late . I be about to call all the emergency room . suzanne I be sorry , mother . I do not call ' cause I think you might be asleep and I come home ' cause I do not want to worry you . ( continued ) 43 continued : 93. 43 poriss well , you do worry I . look at I ; I be a wreck . suzanne I '' sorry . doris * what if you have take drug or something ? I be suppose to be take care of you now . you be my responsibility . you be my daughter . what be I suppose to think when you do not come home ? doris start pour herself another glass of wine . she look up to see Suzanne watch she . doris ( continue ) do you mind if I have a drink ? suzanne do you mind if I drop acid ? doris dear , I drink socially . suzanne I take acid socially . doris I hardly think my drink can be compare with you drug take , dear . and even if it could be , I think you involvement with drug have vindicate I . I hardly think you be in a position to judge I . suzanne Mom ... doris I hope you be not out sleep with someone . suzanne no , I be not out sleep with someone , mother . doris well , if you be , I hope you use condom . I do not bring you up to act this way , but I hope if you be , that you moral be in question and not you judgment . ( continued ) 43 continued : 94 . ( 2 ) 43 suzanne mother , I be middie age . doris ( interrupt ) I be middle age and you just get out of a drug clinic , so obviously . you do not know what 's best for you . suzanne oh , and I suppose you do ? doris I think it do , yes . suzanne that 's the drunk call the kettle stone . doris how do we become so estrange , Suzanne ? I have always try to be a good mother to you , only to be meet with this fresh , superior attitude of yours . you have feel my intellectual superior since you be fourteen year old -- and rightly so ; you be always more verbal than i. me. whatever . but why have you turn away from I ? I just want you to like I . I just want to be you friend . suzanne I do not need a friend . I need a mother . doris well , you can accuse I of many thing , but not of not be you mother . what be the thing that annoys you about I ? be not it that I mother you ? you know , dear , it 's very hard to have a conversation with you . do you hear how you be talk to I ? like I be a moron . suzanne that 's how I think you talk to I . could we have this conversation tomorrow ? I be tired . ( continued ) 43 continued : 95 . ( 3 ) 43 doris every time I try to get close to you , you push I away ... how would you like to have Joan Crawford for a mother ? or lana Turner ? I think you have it pretty good . suzanne oh please , this be the option ? you , or lana , or Joan ? doris you will never eorgive I for fall under the pressure of life . for not live up to the standard I set for myself . for be the person I be in you look - glass , for not remain that person ~- so I break under the money pressure . if it be not for you , I would have kill myself . suzanne there ~~ see , it 's like that that you say . I do not know what to do with that . doris just know how much I love you . oh , I know , maybe you need a different mother , one that baked cookie . I do not knit , I do not embroider , but I have always try to give you the best and you throw it away . I come from nothing and make something out of my life . you come from somewhere and be try to make nothing out of yours . you be go to have to get over what happen to you in you adolescence , dear . it 's time £ 0 move on . Suzanne look at she mother for a odd beat . there be some truth to what she say . doris ( continue ) I want you to like I . suzanne I be not a fan , mother . { continued ) 43 44 45 96 . continued : ( 4 ) 43 doris that 's for darn sure . doris and Suzanne gaze at one another . suzanne i'1l see you in the morning , ma . ext . movie set - mid -morning ( monday ) 44 Suzanne and Robert munch be in a car drive frantic - ally , Robert have be shot in the arm . blood ooze . Suzanne be shoot a gun out the window at a car that be pursue . the car that Robert and Suzanne be in be on a platform be tow by a camera truck . the camera and crew on the truck film the scene . Robert and Suzanne have a conversation above the din of the scene . ROBERT Jack burrough ? suzanne yeah , why ? ROBERT the one that produce that South american film ? suzanne I guess , yeah . do you know he ? ROBERT ask Evelyn Ames about he . suzanne Evelyn Ames who 's play the prostitute ? simon ( 0.s. ) cut! ext , movie set - catering truck ~ lunch time 45 the cast and crew be have lunch . stand in line or sit at table , they eat , drink and socialize . at one table to one side sit a table of actor in costume . among they be evelyn AMES , a bawdy , attrac tive actress in she early thirty . Suzanne approach the table as Evelyn be finish up a story . ( continued ) 45 46 97 . continued : 45 evelyn 'e so , I be just about to leave and he look over at I and say , " what be I go to do without you ? '' so I say , " I do not know ~~ juice , I guess . lot and lot of juice . " Suzanne stand above Evelyn awkwardly , wait for the appropriate moment to interrupt . Evelyn notice Suzanne . evelyn ocontinue ) hello . what 's up ? suzanne could I talk to you for a second ? evelyn sure . ext . movie set ~ moment later 46 Suzanne and Evelyn walk down a old street , a New York street of the forty , a discard set . the prostitute and the cop . evelyn c'mon , honey , it can not be that bad . suzanne no , it 's just ... it 's about this guy . evelyn it usually be . suzanne Bobby say you might know he . evelyn I guess I might then . who ? suzanne Jack burrough . Evelyn make a small expression of dismay and amuse - ment . suzanne ( continue ) you know he ...? ( continued ) 46 continued : 98 . 46 evelyn you might say that . suzanne you have ... sleep with he ? evelyn well , I do not know how much of a rest I get . Evelyn look into Suzanne 's face . something in it frighten they both she . evelyn ( continue ) why ? ~~ what 's the matter ? have he get -~ ( aids ) ? suzanne ( interrupt ) no , no , no ... I mean , God , I hope not . walk for a beat , contemplate death . evelyn God , you scared I for a minute , I think you be from some celebrity aids notification board or something . suzanne can I ask you a personal question ? evelyn ( think a moment ) you mean ask I who I sleep with be not personal anymore ? what do you want to know -- if I smoke ? suzanne when do you see he last ? evelyn I do not know . a couple of day ago . Saturday . Saturday afternoon . suzanne ( echoe ) Saturday afternoon . evelyn yeah , why ? {continued ) 46 continued : 99 . ( 2 ) 46 suzanne I be with he Saturday night . that 's two girl in one day . evelyn ( laugh ) and that 's just the one we know about . imagine what you could pick up about he if you get one of that satellite dish . suzanne how can you laugh ? it 's disgusting . especially in this day and age . evelyn ( reassure ) you look like someone that can take care of herself . buy some condom . do not feel bad . he probably really like you . he gid not give you he big chekhov speech , do he ? the one about light hair and dark hair ? suzanne I do not think so . evelyn see , that 's a good sign . that 's he standard pick up line . that and the big Peru speech and the thing about smell like catalina . suzanne that I have hear . evelyn well , that 's not bad . one out of three . you be obviously get some new stuff , which mean he must like you . suzanne but , so , he go out with a lot of people . evelyn well , sure , that 's he big thing . woman . and if you can just accept yourself with he like he 's enjoy himself with you . that 's what I do . I be in it for the endolphin rush . ( continued ) 46 47 100 . continued : ( 3 ) 46 suzanne endorphin . evelyn whatever . int . jack bedroom - that thursday morning 47 Suzanne and Jack sit on the bed fully clothed watch * the Outer limit '' ( or " Star Trek " ) with deep concen tration , reminiscent of we junky in the drug clinic . Jack nurse a beer and smoke a joint ; Suzanne sip a diet soda . suzanne ( watch tv ) I see someone you know the other day . jack ( watch tv ) really ? {a beat ) who ? suzanne Evelyn . Evelyn Ames . jack oh yeah ? he sip he beer . jack ( continue ) where would you see she ? suzanne at the set . she 's in the movie I be do . jack how 's that go ? suzanne okay . now that my relaxation level be stabilize . jack that asshole . I do not know how you can stand they . suzanne I do not either . ( continued ) 47 continued : 101 . 47 jack I would have quit . suzanne you can not quit . you know that . i£ you quit no one will hire you again . I like work , so ... she shrug , watch tv . Jack take a hit on he joint . jack bmmm . suzanne I like Evelyn . jack yeah . I too . suzanne I know . she tell I . jack mlaugh ) she tell you ? suzanne she tell I you fuck she . Saturday . Saturday afternoon . jack oh , Jesus . here we go . suzanne no , here you go . straight from fuck she on Saturday afternoon to fuck I on Saturday night . jack oh , I be sorry . I do not realize you have exclusive rights to I . suzanne what ever happen to discretion ? what ever happen to moderation ? jack well , I can not vouch for moderation , but as far discretion go , what be you and Evelyn do , compare note on the set ? Suzanne get up and start put on she sweater and she shoe . ( continued ) 47 48 continued : Jack get 102 . ( 2 ) 47 suzanne we be not compare note . she tell I she fuck you Saturday afternoon . jack just like that ? she just march right up to you between scene and blow she wad ? or do you nose it out of she ? suzanne she say she be in it for the endorphin . no , I be sorry ~~ endolphin . off the bed and go over to Suzanne . suzanne ( continue ) you say you love I ! jack I mean it at the time . I do ! suzanne what be it like a viral love -~ a 24 hour thing ? apparently Evelyn smell like catalina too ! [ I guess it 's go around ? I just get out of a drug clinic -- how could you manipulate I with this shit about feeling ? jack give I a break -- we just meet . suzanne that 's what I say to you ! jack ( interrupt ) this be ridiculous . I think we should can this little topic . tf do not like this side of you . suzanne I be not a box . I do not have side . this be it . one side fit all . Suzanne start out of the bedroom . Jack follow she . 48 ( continued ) 48 49 continued : 103 . 48 jack you be very competitive , you know that ? suzanne oh , and I suppose you be not . jack no , I be not . suzanne you be just a reaction to I , be that it ? jack you bet . suzanne yeah , and I bet you get as Far as you do in show business by not be competitive . jack that 's not competitive . that 's ambition . ambition combine with talent . Jack follow Suzanne through he house , toward the front door and down the driveway to she car . this should take a while , as it be a large house . she walk suzanne i£ you do say so yourself ! jack you know what this be ? this be just a jealous tantrum . suzanne I be not jealous , I be humiliate . how could you fuck I and Evelyn Ames on the same day ? jack what especially bother you ? that it be on the same day , or that it be Evelyn Ames ? suzanne I have to stop this . I have to stop this with you . out the front door . 49 {continued ) 49 continued : 104 . 49 jack {ironic ) be we break up ? suzanne we can not break up , we be never together . jack that should be news to you ; you be act like a wife . suzanne it 's better than act like a whore . jack you be in no position to judge I . how dare you lecture I about moderation -- you just get out of a drug clinic . suzanne where you fuck belong ! Mr. pothead , Mr. vodka , Mr. bedroom eye . jack hal what be you , 4 virgin ? you be not too hard to convince that first night ! Suzanne get into she car and slam the door . suzanne I think we do not do anything that first night . jack I lie . suzanne you bastard . jack great . you know , you be much nicer when you be load . not so goddamn tense , with a fuck stick up you ass . call I if you get a hold of a couple valium . Suzanne start she car and drive away . 50 51 52 53 105 . int . suzanne's car - en route to her mother' 50 Suzanne drive ; she be extremely upset . what 's the use ? fuck it . at least when you be load , you can not feel how weird you life feel . she drive up to she mother 's house and park . int . doris mann' home 51 Suzanne sneak into the house quietly . the house be quiet . she tiptoe down a hallway line with picture of she mother with other celebrity -- young -- in film -- plaque commemorate she , etc . she sneak into she mother 's room -- sid be sleep with the television on . where be doris ? int . doris mann' room 52 Suzanne sneak by they bed , careful not to wake he . and into : int , doris mann' bathroom 53 Suzanne fumble quietiy in the dark for the medicine cabinet . she open it . it squeak . she pause , listen . nothing . no one stir . sid still snore loudly . Suzanne peek into the medicine cabinet for pill . see some darvon . not she favorite , but why not ? she remove the bottle , open it . pour pill into she hand and pause . she look at she face in the mirror . be this what she want ? no . but some ~ thing . she must have something . she put the pill back into the bottle , put the bottle in she pocket , close the medicine cabinet . this time , however , it make a loud squeak . doris ( 0.s. ) who 's there ? Suzanne roll she eye . great . caught in the act and she do not even do it . the light flip on and doris stand there . suzanne hi , mama . I be just look for some aspirin . doris eye she daughter suspiciously . doris do you find it ? suzanne yes . ( continued ) 53 54 106 . continued : 53 doris good . they eye each other . Suzanne exit . doris follow . int . doris mann' kitchen 54 doris and Suzanne enter . doris I have some news , dear . suzanne what happen ? you dreamt I lose some weight ? endorse a line of clothing ? do a exercise tape for alcoholics ? Suzanne get a Coke and some cookie . doris get some wine from the fridge . doris do not be fresh , dear . have you forget that you have looping this afternoon ? suzanne {clearly have , sotto ) shit . doris how do you expect to get anywhere in this business if you do not show up ? dear , I have something ... inevitable to tell you and I do not want you to be angry at I for predict it . suzanne what ? doris you beloved business manager , mort wiener , the man you insisted on stay with and the one T begge you to leave -- suzanne ( interrupt ) mother , just skip to the part where I be a asshole . ( continued ) 54 continued : 107 . 54 doris I see no reason why you have to use language like that , dear . TI do wish you would try to avoid it . i£ for no other reason than I be start to employ some of that word myself . suzanne mother ? doris yes , darling ? suzanne the news . doris I know , dear . I be not anxious to tell you , because I know how upset you 'il be . I know how upset I be . mort wiener have disappear . suzanne disappear ? doris the police call here today to say that he could not be find and neither could any of he client ' money . suzanne meaning what ? that I have no money ? can not they find he , can not I sue he ? doris I be tell you everything I know , dear . I , of course , have contact you stepfather 's lawyer , Samuel Stone , who 's terrific , and so he 's on it now . but I be afraid for the moment there 's nothing more that we can do . suzanne what do this mean ? that I be break ? {continued ) 54 continued : 108 . ( 2 ) 54 doris not break , per se . you salary for this film be still in escrow , pend you complete it without a hitch =~ thank God , and , of course , you have you New York apartment , that you own outright , | thanks to I . ji£ I would leave it up to mort , the bank would own that place and then you would really be strapped . suzanne it sound like I be pretty strapped now . oh , it 's perfect . this be perfect . thank God I get sober now , so I could be hyper conscious for this series of humiliation , this ... this purification process from Hell . doris it 's no good feel sorry for yourself , dear . you will have to overcome this difficulty and you might as well do it with some style . you know , you could easily make a enormous amount of money if you would only sing . you have a god-given talent that you just throw away . you could be as big a star as that ... that madonna girl . she have not get half you voice . I keep tell you , if you would only make a album , I could produce it . we could make one of that video . Suzanne have hear this speech before and it drive she crazy . she might mouth some of the word as she mother recite they . suzanne ( interrupt ) I be not go to be a singer , Mom . I be get out of the business . if I do not , I will never have any kind of chance at have a normal life . doris now let 's take this one thing at a time . ( more ) ( continued ) 54 continued : Suzanne be 109 . ( 3 ) 54 doris ( cont 'd ) first , everyone be always get out of the business , and B , you be just like I . some day I wake up and feel like I be talk to my armpit . suzanne could you please stop tell I how to live my life for at least a couple of minute ? be not it enough that you be right ? now you have to deprive I of some precious steal moment of self pity for have lose my money ? doris stolen moment ?! you have be feel sorry for yourself half the time for have a monster of a mother like I . everything about you say look what you have do to I -- suzanne ( interrupt ) mother , I never say you be a monster . doris no , you do not say it ; you be even too smart to think it . but , you feel it . you somehow lay the entire blame of you drug take on I . suzanne I do not , mother . I take the drug , nobody make I . doris oh , sure , that 's you logical brain tell you that , but in you heart you feel that I be a ... alcoholic and that 's what 's to blame for you ... weakness , be not it ? silent . doris go ahead , say it -- you think I be a alcoholic ! ( continued ) 54 continued : ( 4 ) suzanne mother ... okay . poof ! I think you be a alcoholic . happy now ? doris well , maybe I be a alcoholic -- when you be a teenager . I have a. nervous breakdown when my marriage fail and I lose all that money . but I get over it . now I just drink like a irish person -- suzanne ninterrupt ) I know , I know , like a irish person -- you just enjoy you wine -- you drink to relax -- you have tell I . doris do not be fresh . suzanne be there a cut off age for fresh or do it just go on indefinitely as long as you have older relative ? you do not want I to be a singer mother , you be the singer -~ you be the performer . I can not compete with you . what if somebody win ? oh , you want I to do well -- just not better than you . doris maybe you be just jealous , cause I gan drink and you can not take drug anymore . I can handle it and you can not . suzanne handle it !?! how the hell do you handle it ? doris ( interrupt ) my drink do not interfere with my work , like it do with you . my drink do not interfere with my life . suzanne what do you call this ?!? 110 . s4 ( continued ) 54 continued : lil . ( 5 ) 54 doris I cali this ... you be sit in judgement over I . what I do be my business . what I drink be my business . suzanne and what I do be mine . i£ you want I to get off you back , then get off mine . doris I be you mother ! suzanne and I be you daughter ! and I be long past the age where it 's appropriate for you to tell I what to do . look at this ! a woman my age , struggle to grow up -~ to break free of she mother ! this be tragic . doris I wish my mother have be as concerned about I when I be a girl . suzanne you mother beat you and lock you in closet ! doris one closet ! and she do not beat I , she use a strap on I sometimes when I talk back to she . you be lucky you have I as a mother and not she -~- if you think I be tough . suzanne oh , you will do . doris and just what be that suppose to mean ? suzanne nothing ... doris no , tell I , this awful thing that I do to you when you be a child ! I want to know . ( continued ) 54 continued : i112. ( 6 ) 54 suzanne you want to know ? pine . you give I sleep pill when I be nine year old . doris I give you sleep eze ! over the counter medication and I give it to you cause you could not sleep !! suzanne you do not give child sleep pill when they can not sleep ! doris they be not sleep pill , they be store buy -- perfectly safe ! it 's not fair to blame I for you drug . I do not blame my mother for my misfortune -- for my drink . suzanne you do not acknowledge you drink , how could you blame you mother for something you do not do ? you know why I take drug ? because I never want to end up drink like you . doris - dear , I be sorry if you think I Suzanne 's hurt you . everything I do , I do out of love for you . I may have do wrong sometimes . how can you do everything right ? that time with the dress -- I be ashamed of that . but what can I do ? so , I make some mistake , I be human . you have never forgiven I for not be the perfect mother you think you have before you be a teenager -- before my breakdown . eye fill . this be true . suzanne please stop . doris i£ I do wrong give you that pill , I be sorry . how be I to know ? we do not have self - help book then like they do now . the only place I have to learn from be my own childhood . ( continued ) 54 55 56 113 . continued : { 7 ) 54 Suzanne start out of the house . doris ( continue ) where be you go ? Suzanne , come back here , I be talk to you . suzanne I be go to make a album , okay ? I be go to have some fibroid tumor remove , okay ? I be go to have a hysterectomy so that we ean break this chain of destructive , dominate woman . I be go to fuck loop ! happy now ? Suzanne get into she car and drive away . 55 int . looping stage - half a hour later , 56 lowell sit behind a table with two other man -~ the editor and the sound editor . the room be in semi - darkness . there be a music stand with some script page on it under a microphone . also on the music stand be some headphone . Suzanne enter , slightly bedraggle and harass . suzanne I be sorry , I be sorry . lowell what be you sorry for ? suzanne be not I late ? I think I be late . lowell no , as a matter of fact , you be early . we be not expect you for another half a hour . suzanne oh ... but ... go ... be it okay now ? lowell look at she strangely . almost with compassion . lowell yes , it 's okay now . lowell push a intercom button . { continued ) 56 continued : i14 . 56 lowell ( continue ) Victor , miss vale be here , could we put up she reel now , please . ( back to Suzanne ) there now , be not that simple ? Suzanne , this be we editor , phil hartley , and we sound editor , elliot morse . Suzanne and phil and elliot shake hand and exchange greeting . Suzanne continue to look uncomfortable as the scene progress . as though she have sand in she soul . victor ( 0.s. ) ready , lowell . lowell thank you , victor. {to Suzanne ) well , shall we begin ? suzanne okay . Suzanne stand in front of the little music stand . lowell you be really much better in the film than you deserve to be . Suzanne look distress and nod . suzanne good . I mean , thank you . I be sorry that I be such a nightmare . lowell well ... you seem -- better now . suzanne really ? no , I do not . lowell better because you be sober and -- suzanne ninterrupt ) worse because I be sober . lowell yes . but worse in a good way . { continued ) 56 115 . continued : { 2 ) 56 fhe movie come up on the screen that we see film at the beginning of the movie only in black and white . Suzanne be be slap by the prison guard . she fly across the room , turn she head slowly and say she speech . we see Suzanne see herself with a mixture of fascination and horror . her eye squint and she take a step backward as though to protect herself from herself . this version of herself . she be good in the scene until she fuck up the line . suzanne ( v.0 . ) ( on screen ) »» '' we will survive any humiliation . we have more spirit and more resource than you . all it will cost we be money , while you ... there be not enough mommy in the world to further a cause like yours -- suzanne shit . lowell that 's as good as it get all day . we do not get one full take after that . you only get progressively worse . suzanne I know . I be ... sorry . lowell do not be sorry ... fix it . suzanne what ? lowell motion for Suzanne to put on the headphone . suzanne ( continue ) oh. Suzanne put on the headphone and they run the film back . Suzanne watch herself backwards . the film start forward again . we hear the three beep before the word " there be not enough mommy in the world " and after which Suzanne say it correctly . suzanne ( continue ) there be not enough money in the world . ( continued ) 56 116 . continued : ( 3 ) 56 elliot perfect . lowell let 's look at it . the film be run again . this time with the sound cor~ rection . it be '' perfect . '' normal . it have a odd effect on Suzanne . her eye fill with tear . she control herself and look down . lowell ( continue ) lucky for you we can cut away to the guard . lowell look over and notice that Suzanne be more than somewhat upset . he very quietly send the two editor away -~ clear the room . lowell move to Suzanne . lowell ( continue ) what could possibly be the matter ? here you have go back and correct the past -- at least in you work . what could be a better metaphor ? it could not be something I say . suzanne ocery ) nothing you to say to I be as horrible as what I say to myself and at least it 's happen outside my head where I can deal with it easier . lowell so , what be it ? do you want I to abuse you more ? suzanne help I . I can not do it . any of it . I do not know how and I can not ask . lowell what be you do now ? suzanne do not you get it ? I just know how to talk . I give self - awareness a bad name . you have get to find I in back of what I be say . ( continued ) 56 continged : 117 . ( 4 ) 56 lowell the trouble with you be you have have it easy and you do not even know it . suzanne no , I do know it . that 's the trouble . I torture myself over it . lowell you be not go to get too much sympathy from anyone . do you know how many people would give they right arm to be in show business ? to lead the kind of life you lead ? suzanne the trouble be I can not feel my life . I can see it all around I and I see that so much of it be good and I just ... take it the wrong way . it 's like this thing with my mom -- I know she do all this stuff ' cause she care about I , but I can not seem to ... believe it . and ... other stuff . lowell hand Suzanne a kleenex and she blow she nose hard . lowell I do not really know what 's happen with you mother , but maybe she will stop mother you when you grow up . suzanne you do not know my mother . lowell no , but I know you . you could make a mother out of anybody . look , you mother do it to you and she mother do it to she and back and back and back all the way to Eve and at some point you have to just stop it and say , " fuck it , I start with I . " suzanne do you just make that up ? ( continued ) 56 continued : 118 . ( 5 ) 56 lowell I be work on it when you come in . if£ you would come a half a hour later when you be suppose to T could have make it better . suzanne it sound pretty good as it be . lowell you just like it ' cause it sound a little like movie dialogue . suzanne yeah , that 's I . I do not want life to imitate art , I want life to be art . lowell look , look up on the screen . see what you can do ? and you be not even conscious then . imagine what you could do now . suzanne maybe I should just go back into the clinic . lowell speak of art ? look , grow up be a process , not a event . it 's not like in the movie , where you have a realization and you life change . in life you have a realization and you life change a month or so later . lowell and Suzanne look at each other . they look suzanne so , I just have to wait a month ? . lowell of course , it all depend on the realization . some of they , you only have to wait a couple week , maybe . at each other . how do this happen ? lowell ( continue ) it 's better out here cope than in the clinic give up -~ ' cause you will end up out here cope eventually anyway . ( more ) ( continued ) 56 57 119 . continued : ( 6 ) 56 lowell ( cont 'd ) so why not start now ? anyway , you can not go back into the hospital , I have a job for you . suzanne a job ? you would not be ashamed to . - work with I again ? lowell well , it do not start for 4 couple of month , so you have plenty of time to have you realization , grow up , and leave you mother . although I must admit I be a little take aback when you do a second rate cop film after you work with I . suzanne how do you know about that ? lowell I know everything ... except . he look at she . suzanne what ? he smile . lowell you know . Suzanne smile and nod slowly . int . suzanne's car ~ drive home 57 Suzanne be feel much better as she drive back to doris ' . the fever be break . she be hopeful , inspire . possibly the song '' do not worry , be happy " be on the radio as she drive down doris ' street . at the end of the block , where doris ' house be , Suzanne notice light . what be that ? Police car ? no. oh no . what 's happen ? many people be in the street as Suzanne drive up . she roll down she window and call to a policeman . suzanne ( call ) what happen ? ( continued ) 57 58 59 120 . continued : 57 officer Lady plow she car into a tree . Suzanne look . it be she mother 's car . suzanne where be the lady ? be she all right ? officer who be you ? suzanne I be she daughter . oppicer she hit she head . ambulance take she to cedar sinai . I be afraid we have to book she for drive under the influence . Suzanne look panicked . int . emergency room ~- fifteen minute later 58 Suzanne 's old stomping grounds . Suzanne run into the admit area and up to the admitting nurse . deja vu . admitting nurse May I help ? ( recognize Suzanne ) ah yes , miss vale , you mother be just get patch up . I will take you to she . int . hallway - cedar sinai emergency room 59 admitting nurse I be afraid some member of the press have be alert to you mother 's presence here -~ and she arrest . suzanne great , a policeman be sit in front of a door . doris ' hospital room . a Doctor come out of the door with a chart in he hand . admitting nurse Doctor , this be miss Mann 's daughter . ( continued } 59 60 121. continued : 59 doctor ah yes , miss vale . you mother will be just fine . a contusion -~- a superficial head wound . she 's more frighten than anything else . Suzanne do not recognize he as the Doctor from she overdose . suzanne can I see she ? int . doris mann' hospital room 60 Suzanne enter . doris look tiny and frighten sit in she bed . there be a bandage on she head . we be see she without she wig and makeup for the first time . she look startle and vulnerable as Suzanne enter -- she eye fill with tear . when she talk , she sound very childlike and unaffected . Pearl sit on the bed near she look victorious and smug . sid sit watch tv , Owen sit play solitaire or read a Louis l'amour novel . it be a tableau of vivid woman and shadow man . pearl there she be . my other monster . I can not seem to keep you two out of the hospital lately . suzanne {to doris} be you okay ? pearl she 's fine . she just bump she head be all . she be worried about you , so , fathead that she be , she get into she car and back it up a tree . TI do not know how I get into this family -- I get a wino daughter and a doped up granddaughter . doris mother -~ pearl ( interrupt , to doris ) oh , hush up . I swear , I do not know where you get it from . { more ) ( conttnued ) 60 continued : usher pear 122 . 60 pearl ( cont 'd ) ( to Suzanne ) but you . you be just plain spoiled . all you advantage and you just throw they away . ( to doris ) I tell you not to bring she up that way , but would you listen ? no siree Bob . well , do not come run to I ~~ neither of you . I get my hand full with grandpaw -~ suzanne ( interrupt ) shut up , gramma . pearl I beg you pardon . suzanne I should think you would . pearl {to doris ) you see there ? you should have wash she mouth out with soap when she be little like I tell you . then maybe she would have some respect -- suzanne ( interrupt ) I be simply suggest we try to enjoy each other without try to assign blame . pearl ( to doris ) woooo , listen to miss snooty britches . " assign blame . " doris give Suzanne a helpless look . Suzanne start to 1 out of the room . pearl ( continue ) and just what do you think you be do , young lady ? suzanne move you out of here and into the wait room . Suzanne physically usher Pearl out of the room . ( continued ) 60 123. continued : ( 2 ) 60 pearl there 's no need to shove , I be go . you know what you need ? a good pop on the butt like I use to give you mother -- Pearl be go . ce owen yap , yap , yade yap , yap , yap , yap , yap , yap , yap . Owen continue read and perhaps smoking . sid continue watch tv , perhaps note briefly that Pearl have exite . doris i£ I think I make you feel like that , I would kill myself . suzanne do not even say that in jest , ma. particularly while you be in a hospital . people might take it the wrong way . doris recognize what Suzanne say as something she say to she earlier . both woman smile at each other . doris I suppose she mean well . suzanne she sound like that voice in you head that tell you you can not do anything . doris yes . that 's true , be not it ? where do you go to ? suzanne loop . I should not have go that way . I be sorry . doris you do not really think that I do not want you to do well , do you , dear ? suzanne no , mama . and you be right about that guy . ( continued ) 60 continued : 124 . ( 3 ) 60 doris I be right about you do a music video , too . just wait and see . that 's where you big success will come from . oh , dear , there 's blood on my wig and all my makeup have come off -- look at I . dol - have any eyebrow leave ? suzanne let 's see . Suzanne sit on the bed and look at she mother . suzanne ( continue ) some . it 's not all rubbed off . doris I hate have no eyebrow . ever , since the studio shave they off and they never grow back . Suzanne go through she purse . suzanne c'mon , let 's put some makeup on you . doris be you less mad at I now ? suzanne I will always be less mad at you , mama . doris you know , dear , I be really sort of ... jealous of you . you know , because , well , it be you turn . it 's you turn now and it 's tough for I to face that mine be almost up . it 's so important to enjoy you turn , dear . and it would help I so much to know that ... one of we enjoy she youth . Suzanne apply base on she mother 's face ~~ avoid she little bandage . doris ( continue ) do you have a mirror ? Suzanne hand she a mirror . ( continued ) 60 125 . continued : ( 4 ) 60 doris ( continue ) oh , my lord , look at I . tsch , tsch , tsch . you know , I do not mind get older -- I never think I would live this long ~~ but what I do mind be iooking older . _- do you have a eyebrow pencil ? Suzanne hand she mother a eyebrow pencil . doris ( continue ) it 's in my will that they do not bury I without eyebrow . I do not go in the ground without they . doris draw on she eyebrow . Suzanne brushes doris ' hair back in a knot . doris pull at the flesh under she chin . doris ( continue ) maybe I should have that lyposuction under here ... suzanne there 's press out there , mama . doris look dismay . doris I figure . the Enquirer , I bet . the star. suzanne doris Mann in drunken brawl with tree . doris doris Mann , still distraught over divorce from tony vale twenty - five year ago , attempt suicide with lethal oak . both be laugh . doris apply lipstick . she be beginning to look like she old young self . Suzanne tie a scarf around she head -- turban~like , conceal the bandage . suzanne we should get a family rate at this emergency room . ( continued ) 60 126 . continued : ( 5 ) 60 doris at least . doris turn and face Suzanne . she look like doris again . doris - ( continue ) how do I look ? suzanne great , ma. doris not bad for a old - timer . never let they see you ache -- that 's what Mr. mayer use to say . ( she frown ) or be it ass ? never let they see you ass . anyway -- get you old mother she shoe , dear . Suzanne get she mother 's shoe . doris ( continue ) okay , baby , let 's go get ‘em . Suzanne open the door . doris walk toward she , finish she hair . doris ( continue ) you know what my mother say to I yesterday ? she say that I put on air , that I use big word like devastate and gesture . I do not think that be so awfully big , do you ? suzanne no , mama . doris what be I suppose to do ? sound like a hick all my life just to make she happy ? doris walk to the door . Owen sing . owen ( sing ) and the farmer haul another load away . ( continued ) 60 61 127 . continued : ( 6 ) 60 doris oh , well , compare to the end of the world . it seem to take a erisis to bring we together lately . sid like war buddy . - doris and Suzanne exchange a look . who say that ? suzanne sid speak ! port do not laugh , dear , he 's also a dynamo in bed . still water , you know . ( she sigh ) ~~ do you see my scarf ? oh yes , I be wear it . suzanne mama , what do no siree Bob mean ? both woman walk through the door . int . hospital hallway 61 doris emerge and stride down the hall . she be meet by police and press . Suzanne watch she from a slight distance , impressed . she be join by the emergency room doctor -- jesse . jesse she seem to be feel better . suzanne we be design more for public than private . a beat . jesse do you ever get my flower ? Suzanne look at he blankly . suzanne you be not ... jesse ( nodd ) I pump you stomach . {continued ) 63 132 . continued : ( 2 ) 63 Suzanne , in character , come out , stand before the microphone and the band begin to play . she introduce she song and start to sing . the audience ignore she . the mirrore ball sparkles through the smoke fill air . Waitress serve drink . as she continue sing , the audience gradually fall silent and listen to Suzanne , in character , sing . they be enthralled . '' the camera crane up and we see the crew on various perches . moving camera continue up and find , high on a catwalk , doris watch . she smile . end credit over . audience stomping , scream and whistling . the end