preacher by garth ennis undate draft int . bar - night 1 cassidy sit at the bar with a glass of beer , packet of camel in front of he beside he change , one light in he hand . bar noise behind he - jukebox music , conversation . occasional glimpse of people pass by behind he . smoky atmosphere . we stay on he as he knock back the beer , set down the empty glass , smile wryly . cassidy piss . and not enough of it . the barman pick up the glass . cassidy draw on he cigarette , sit back . he will now tell we the story as if we be sit at the bar beside he , so he will not always be look right at we . cassidy so where be I ? oh aye , the preacher . well , before I get stick into this you would better get it straight that this be no ordinary story . ordinary story be boy meet girl , boy get girl up the stick , father forbid boy to see girl but true love win through , audience puke its ring , the end . or maybe bad guy kill helpless innocent , head bad guy with English accent prepare to take over the world , arnie schwarzennegger kill everybody in sight , girl show we she tit , everything blow up , the end ... the barman set down a fresh beer . cassidy be pleased . cassidy but this one 's different . just about as different as you can fuck get , to tell you the truth . Jesus , I be smack in the middle of it , and even ft do not believe half the fuck thing that go on . there be angel . demon . redneck . gunslinger from beyond the grave . Fucking vampire , would you believe . there be a boy with a face that look like you arsehole , and a woman who be brave than any man I ever meet , and a man who stand tall in front of Heaven itself and face down the power of God . he sip he beer , look thoughtful , smile a bit . ( continued ) 1 continued : cassidy you would not know to look at I , but I be ninety ~ seven year old . I think I would see it ali . but you will not have to see too much of this one before you realize what I do : that absolutely fuckin’ anything can happen anytime . that there be not any rule to this . that you be enter the one hundred percent bugfuck maniac geoffrey dahmer 's - run - down -broadway - with - John Wayne bobbitt 's -dick -in-a-bucket-of-napalm - zone , and any attempt to understand it be gonna make you arse turn inside out . it 's a love story . it 's a horror story . it 's a violent story . he think for a moment , try to find the word . then he relax . cassidy it start in church . 2 ext . annville -— night start from out in the Texas desert , we move slowly in towards the few light of annville . get closer , we realize we be in hicksville , the ass - end of nowhere . a main street with a few smaller one off it . we move past a bar + just some low light , not much noise . look down a side street , we see two drunk support each other for the stagger home . further on , a quick look down a alley reveal movement , the sound of break glass . a sheriff 's dept . cruiser pass we , go in the opposite direction . move across the town square we see another drunk pass out on a bench , with a vile - look dog raping he unconscious leg . we move slowly towards the church , a simple wooden building just outside town , on the opposite side to where we come in . a light be on within , and as we get closer we hear raise voice , a man 's and a woman' . 3 int . church ~ night the church be a old building , as simple within as without . just row of pews face a lectern on a raise platform . large black cross on the wall . ( continued } 3 continued : uncomfortable . tulip you be a preacher ? a fuck preacher ? jesse , I can not fuck believe this ! it take I so long to find you , I know you have to be mix up in something crazy , but ... jesse tulip , I know this have gotta be kind of upsetting - tulip yes , I would say it 's pretty fuck kind of upsetting . you walk out on I without a word of warning , you leave I high and dry in Phoenix with twenty - seven dollar to my name , and now after three year of search the length and breadth of Texas I find you and what be you do ? you be worshipp fuck God ! jesse aw , now do not say he name like that - tulip Excuse I , I be just a little bit piss at he at the moment . I will say he name any way I want . I mean what the fuck be go on here ? 's I expect to find you run hash over the border , or run a goddamn strip joint , or that you would just go back to the good old g.t.a . I expect to find you bang that skinny slut from waco , whatsername . but instead you be a preacher , a honest to fuck man of God , and the only thing you be bang be the Bible ! now what in the name of fuck be that all about ? jesse honey - tulip and another thing , just exactly how do a ex-car thief qualify for the fuck Ministry anyhow ? there 's no way you be tell I the church have ( more } the reverend jesse custer stand in front of the platform , facing he be tulip o'hare , angry and amaze . ( continued ) 3 continued : ( 2 ) 3 tulip ( cont 'd ) fe start embrace the kind of shit that we use to get up to ! jesse it be not all that bad - tulip it be not ? Christ , jesse , there be people from New Orleans to San Diego still wonder what happen to they fuck ferraris . the jesse custer I remember could hot - wire the Space shuttle blindfold , use to put bourbon in he coffee because '' sugar 's for fag " , and like to fuck all day and all night till the sun come up again . now , I do not recall learn too much of that kind of thing in Sunday School , but if that 's what Christians be into this day then please , tell I : where do I sign up ? they look at each other for a moment , jesse unsure of what to do , tulip exasperate . then she calm a little . e@ tulip just tell I why . jesse .-- it can not . tulip what do you mean , you can not ? jesse T mean I can not tell you why I leave you to become a preacher . I make a promise to someone , someone real important to I . I have to do right by 'en . tulip {hurt , take aback ) but what about I , jesse ? do not you care about do right by I ? jesse oh Jesus , honey . of course I do . [ I just ... I think you would get over it , find someone else ... {continued} 3 continued : {3 } & tulip you be my dream , jesse . how do you think I be gonna get over you ? all that time we spend , run car into Vegas or Austin or San antone , and I use to look at you and say , '' re 's really mine .* ( pause ) and you use to lock at I and say you would love I until the end of the world . jesse ( miserable ) I know . I know . but it can not ever be that way again . tulip why not ?! jesse I tell you . I make a promise . I never go back on my word to anyone , a ' if I be to start doin ' it now I figure I would not be worth a good @ goddamn . she stare at he , quietly stunne . he look back at she , sad but determine . there it be . she put a hand to she face . jesse reach out to she , concerned . tulip ( furious , recoil ) . get off I ! goddamn it , do you have any idea how much you fuck hurt I ? jesse I guess not . , tulip fuck you ! you and you fuck macho bullshit ! you throw everything we have down the toilet for some fuck promise to do a job you know be bullshit ? well the hell with you , jesse custer . you make such a big deal about how you never lie or go back on you word and oh , no , you never do - @ ( vicious ) except to I . ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) she turn and stomp out , furious , almost tearful . the miserable jesse can only stand and watch she go . the door slam behind she and jesse be leave alone . he slump back into a pew , as low as he can go , upset and a little angry ~ jesse shit . he turn towards the lectern . below the open Bible on top of it be a little shelf , hide from the view of the congregation . on it be a nearly full bottle of Jack Daniel 's , a silver Zippo and several packet of marlboros . int . church - night jesse sit alone , smoking a marlboro , take long , slow pull on the bourbon . he 's take he jacket off , loosen he collar . about a dozen cigarette butt lie stubbed out on the pew beside he . he have a surly look about he , piss off at the world in general and the shitty hand deal he by fate . he stare resentfully up at the big black cross behind the lectern . he 's turn all the light out except for a little one on the lectern that illuminate the Bible . lot of shadow . he raise the bottle again , swig it . only half - full now . jesse drink bourbon the way normal people drink water . int . bar - night flashback . a slightly younger jesse , wear black T-shirt and jeans , stride confidently through a crowded bar with a pretty , if skinny , dark - haire girl on he arm . the place be jump , dark and smoky , a rough crowd get good and drunk . Light come mostly from neon beer sign . as he pass we , a face in the background swim into focus : the younger tulip , see he for the first time , like what she see . jesse lean back against the bar , stick a cigarette in he mouth , survey the bar with mild interest as he girlfriend search she purse for a lighter . to jesse 's slight surprise , a woman 's hand come into view from he other side , lighting he cigarette with a silver Zippo . by the time he girlfriend have come up with she own lighter , it 's too late . the girl turn , startle to see jesse stare into tulip 's eye as she close the Zippo , smile knowingly back at he . ging . instant connection . 10 11 12 int . church - night 6 jesse take another pull on the bourbon , head lean back against the pew . ext . desert highway - day 7 a long stretch of read run through the middle of nowhere , under a vast blue sky . a bright red convertible Ferrari suddenly tear past a sheriff 's dept . cruiser , easily do 120 + m.p.h . huge dust cloud behind it . int . ferrari ~ day 8 the young jesse and tulip . he 's drive , grin , enjoy she attention as she laugh in delight . a quick glimpse of the cruiser disappear in the dust behind they as she lean over to he and they kiss , smile all the while . int . church - night 9 another swig for jesse . we move a little closer each time . ext . desert - night 10 younger jesse and tulip make love on the hood of the Ferrari , lie in they own discard clothes . beautiful night in the desert , tower of rock rise in the background , sky full of star . as we move closer they finish , kissing each other deeply . jesse look down at she and they both grin , exhaust but happy . jesse 's p.9.v. : tulip smile up at he , happy , loving . this be he sweetest memory of she - bath in starlight . a long moment . int . church - night il another swig . barely any whiskey leave . he lock miserable for a moment , sadden . int . hospital corridor ~ night 12 younger jesse come charge down the hospital corridor , desperate , run past various curious doctor and '' ( continued ) 12 13 14 45 16 17 18 19 continued : 12 orderlies . he round a corner , enter a room , freeze in alarm . nearer we , a doctor and a couple of nurse turn to face he . the doctor have a sympathetic look . int . church ~ night 13 jesse 's pain take on a bitter edge as he grit he tooth to retain control . int . hospital room - night 14 jesse sit alone in the darken hospital room , stare at the floor , face in shadow . behind he , a ecg and various monitor be turn off . as we pull back we realize there 's a body in the bed , sheet pull up to cover the face . we pull back further and fade out . omitted 15 omitted 16 int . church - night 17 jesse raise he head , and we see that anger be replace sadness as he stare up at the cross , bitter and resentful . he get angrier with each pass second . his lip curl into a snarl as he stand and fling the empty bottle with all he might . it shatter into a million piece against the cross . the sound seem huge in the enclose space - ' then it fade . ext . church - morning 18 Lovely day . a pickup truck pull up and park . then a batter car pull up alongside it . more engine can be hear too . int . church - morning 19 jesse lie across one of the pews , asleep in he clothes . Bright light flood in through the window . he slowly raise he head , blearyney . not look too good . Hair tousle , unshaven , red eye , clothes dishevel . he grimace as the hangover make itself know . slowly he become aware of the engine noise outside . then he freak . ( continued ) 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 continued : 19 jesse oh , fuck ! ext . church - morning 20 about a dozen car and pick -up ~ none in very good condition ~ be draw up in front of the church , some still parking . people , family group mostly , be make they way towards the door . jesse 's congregation have arrive . int . church - morning 21 jesse rush desperately about , attempt to kick the break glass and cigarette butt under the pews , do up he collar , pull on he jacket , straighten he hair and slap himself awake - all in five second . jesse Sunday ! it would have to be fuckin’ Sunday ! ext . church - morning 22 the folk head for the church door . the guy in front reach to push it open . int . church - morning 23 jesse stand in the aisle between the pews as the light from the open door fall across he . he look a little bit cleaner , but not much . he plaster on a fake smile and fight hard to look as cheerful as possible . jesse mornin ' ! ext . earth orbit - day 24 the genesis entity tear past we , a flame white comet plunging towards Earth , which lie below like a vast field of blue . int . church ~ morning 25 the congregation have take they seat , and jesse stand at the lectern , lean on it as he give he sermon . ( continued ) 25 10 . continued : , 25 jesse +..and that 's what Jesus be try to tell we when he do this thing : that God , he Father in Heaven , will forgive we we sin no matter what they might he ... jesse really be not look well . the hangover 's kick in but good . he 's sweat . he run a hand through he hair , blink a lot to try to concentrate . jesse but we have to ask he for that forgiveness . his congregation be not particularly inspiring material . maybe 20 - 25 people , all stare dully back at he or at the floor , bored . kide look out the window . a couple of fat guy , a stringy - looking woman , a older guy with no chin , a fat kid pick he nose . jesse and we have to mean it when we ask , or he forgiveness be render pointless . we can not expect to sin and be forgiven all throughout we life . God can forgive we we sin - but it 's up to we to accept he forgiveness and he love , and live from that point on without sin , as best as we be able ... jesse stifles a belch , swallow hard , sweat , try to smile and look like a guy who 's get the inside scoop . jesse what we can not do be come to church every Sunday a ' say a few quick prayer , and then sin as much as we darn well want for the rest of the week . as he continue , we focus on one of the fat guy in the congregation again ~ he 's asleep . then a bore teenage boy , look down he sister be cleavage . then the nose-pick kid , and the huge booger he 's haul out of he nostril . jesse 's voice begin to falter . jesse that be not the way it work , folk . the Lord want a commitment from we ... and ... : ( continued ) 25 26 27 continued : ( 2 ) 25 jesse 's eye narrow as he peer down at they . jesse and , uh ... he want a promise of faith ... the nose-pick kid 's booger slide out of he nose , stick to he finger . it 's a biggie , all right , all green and snattery . jesse 's face fall in weary disgust . jesse because that 's how ... he clam up and we see the anger return to he face . a moment pass . jesse aw , fuck it ! that get they attention . ext . church - morning 26 the ugly leg-rap dog from the previous night meander past the church , then look up to the sky . High in the blue above there 's a flash of bright light , a distant crack of thunder , then a faint , descend glow . int . church ~ morning 27 the congregation gape at jesse , transfix . 's he rant at they , red-face and furious , spitting hate . he 's like some evangelist on pcp as he pour out he frustration . jesse you bunch of dull - eye fuck ! you stupid , worthless , inbred cocksucker ! you sit there like a bunch of fuck - to- death zomby while I spout this fuck bullshit at you - you think I do this for fun ? you think this be you goddamn entertainment ? I be suppose to be leok after you fuck shitty spiritual welfare here , and all you do be sit on you fat redneck ass and stare back at I , ' till I feel like some kinda zoo animal on mongoloid visitin ' day ! well fuck you , you hear I ? you asshole be doin’ exactly the kind of shit I be ( more } ( continued ) 27 continued : he point to the chinless 12 . 27 jesse ( cont 'd ) talkin’ about , but you can not even fuck see it ! each particular sinner in turn , beginning with guy . jesse harve Collins . I could feed half of India on the grant you get for that farm , harve - which would be a lot more than you ever do , you chinless lookin’ motherfucker ! the stringy ~ look girl be next , horrify . so 's harve . jesse an’ what about the little straight to video release that kate here shot in you barn ? you get consent from that stallion , kate , or be you just trynna broaden he horizon ? harve I have never see this woman before in my life - but jesse have move on to a spotty youth in the back row . move on to plate bolt pick kid . jesse Mark bannon ! ate dogshit for a dare last Saturday night ! what the fuck be it with you , you do not eat enough shit work in goddamn McDonald 's ? a dozy - looking guy in the middle , with a steel across he nose , and then the petrify nose - jesse but movin 's on past Michael here , the only annville boy who ever go to California , and you - you dirty little fucker , you oughta keep pullin’ ' till you drag you goddamn brain outta there too - what I wanna know be , exactly why the fuck do you people come here ? what the fuck be it you think I can do for you ? I be fuckin ' trynna tell you , you can not act like asshole all week an’ then wash it away with half a hour here on Sunday morning ! that just be not how it work ! 28 29 13 . ext . church - morning 28 the dog be bark now - the white glow in the sky have grow , get nearer , become the fiery white comet we see before : Genesis . it 's on a collision course with the church , int . church ~ morning 29 the congregation be mutter now as they stare at jesse , not pleased , he seem to be building to a climax . jesse I pray for you , you know that ? I ask God to help you see the way you act be wrong . I ask he to help I show you what 's right . but it 's be two year now , and you asshole be just as fuck up as you always be . and all I can conclude be that the good Lord be use my prayer to wipe he ass ... this be too much . most of they get to they foot . several shout . the fat guy snarl . fat guy fuck you , custer ! we never ask for yout jesse ( to the sky ) so you tell I , God , ' cause you have get all the fuckin ' answer , you tell I what I be suppose to do here . tell I how the good people of annville , Texas figure in the grand design . you bust I up with a girl so perfect I could live a hundred lifetime a ' never meet another like she , an’ you send I to this worthless fuckin’ shithole so I can minister to all this goddamn throwback - so come on , Lord ! give I a sign ! give I some incontrovertible evidence that the almighty be not get his head shove firmly up his ass ! a sudden explosion of light . the door fly apart . before anyone can even turn to look , the Genesis comet charge into the church and right at jesse . his eye bulge in amazement . {continued ) 29 30 31 32 14 . continued : 29 the comet come at he in slow motion , a white hot ball of light trail fire . a beautiful , angelic man 's face appear in the light , scream soundlessly . it change instantly to a equally beautiful but demonic , disturbing woman 's face , also scream . then it hit jesse , no longer in slow motion . another burst of light , then he 's hurl backwards against the cross . the comet disappear . jesse fall tc the ground in a heap . the congregation stare , then they turn to each other , bewilder . fat guy what the fuck be that ? chinless guy what the fuck 's up with the reverend ? jesse be suddenly flung into the air and hang there , limb jerk and twitching , eyeball roll over white , spark and smoke come off he . a vast figure be glimpse in the smoke and light around he - first with huge wing that flicker and disappear , then with cloven hoof and long , curve horn . a distant rumbling . the congregation stare , rivete but terrify . then the smoking and sparking stop , as do the noise . the figure disappear . only jesse be leave , hang there , apparently unconscious . ext . church - morning . 30 a sudden blast of white light from within . terrify scream . a pause - then the window shatter outward and the roof explode into the sky . the building shake , board fly loose from the wall , but the structure just about hold . the white light flare up and out , fill the screen . ext . motel - day 31 tulip gloomily dump a overnight bag and she purse into the passenger seat of she pick - up truck . she take a last look around annville , find nothing inspiring , get in . int . tulip' pick - up - day 32 she sit there for a moment , gloomy , then examine she reflection in the rear view . sad girl . she pull she lipstick out of she purse , give we a quick glimpse of the ( continued ) 32 33 34 35 36 15 . continued : 32 357 Desert Eagle conceal therein , and turn back to the mirror . she squint at it , curious . her eye widen as the view behind she suddenly disappear in a white flash . lip freak , instinctively ducking down in she seat . the pick - up rock back and forth . when tulip sit up again , the whiteness have go and the view be back to normal - except for a pall of smoke rise on the other side of the town . tulip be stunne almost to silence , horror building in she . tulip jesse . she start the pickup . ext . annville MAIN STREET - day 33 several people be stumbling into the street to stare at the rise smoke . they scatter as tulip 's pick - up charge down the street through they . int . tulip' pickup - day 34 tulip gun it , scared but determine . ext . church - day 35 the church be a wreck . the four wall be still intact , but not much else . Black smoke pour from within . tulip 's truck screech to a halt . she jump out and run into the church . the leg-rap dog have be reduce to a blacken skeleton . int . church - day 36 despite the smoke , the church be not actually on fire . the wall be badly hole , the roof be go , the place be a soot - stain wreck - but as tulip discover , pick she way carefully through the rubble , the smoke be come from the remain of the congregation . they scorched skeleton lie sprawle over the pews or flung back into seat position , little fire burn inside the ribcage , flesh burnt clean off the bone . a hellish scene . tulip advance , shocked , fearful of what 's yet to come . she cough a bit , waft the smoke aside . she pass the skeleton of the nose- pick kid , sit stupidly with a bony finger jamme in its nasal cavity . the she turn to we , catch sight of something , stifles a gasp . jesse lie sprawle across the little platform at the front , burn page from {continued } 36 37 38 16 . continued : 36 the Bible flutter around he . his face be smear with soot , he hair tangle , he clothes scorched and filthy . unconscious . tulip rush to he , terrify . tulip aw no -! she feel for a pulse , frantic , then smile with infinite gratitude and relief . jesse stir a little , grunt . tulip look round at the ghastly remain of the congregation , then down at jesse , she 's think fast , very wary . tulip Jesus Christ , jesse . what be you into ? she get a arm under he , haul he up . ext . church - day 37 tulip shove the unconscious jesse up and into the back of she pick - up , strain with all she might . she seem pretty agitate , ready to be off . she open the passenger side door , grab a blanket from under the seat . as she close the door , she notice several townsfolk make they way towards the church . tulip we really have to be go . she stretch jesse out , hurry , and spread the blanket over he . then she climb into the truck , start she up and speed off . . ext . desert - day 38 mile from anywhere . ominous stormcloud hang low overhead . rumble of thunder . a sudden duststorm blow right at we , surround we totally . Way back in the swirl dust a figure can just be make out - weirdly transparent at first , dust whipping through it . tt move towards we all the while , get more solid as it move closer . thus arrive the saint of killer , as he get closer we can make out detail - the flap duster coat , wide - brimm hat hide he face . he stride towards we , then past we , a unstoppable quality to he gait , as if he 's be go forever and nothing get in he path . he keep he head lower so we never see he face , but we get a glimpse of a holster pistol , a gnarled hand . the dust howl around he as he pass - then he 's go . 39 17 . ext . church - sundown 39 two sheriff ' dept . cruiser have pull up outside the shattered church . a couple of deputy keep a eye on the small crowd watch from the edge of the town . two more stand outside the church with a taller figure , sheriff hugo root . a pair of forensics guy come and go from the church the they car , park near the cruiser . hugo ask I , I reckon it be nigger . Hugo stand with hand on hip , squinting meanly at the church - pretty much the way he look at everything . he spit from time to time . with he be deputy foster , a fat guy , and deputy kenny , a young guy who clearly do not think too much of he sheriff + and in fact have doubt about the man 's sanity . kenny how you figure that , sheriff root ? hugo ( spitting ) kinda thing they do . kenny what , burn a church full of folk clear down to the ground ? scorch all the flesh off of they ? they do that ? hugo martian nigger , Kenny . come down from space to abduct white folk . take ‘em away , make ‘em do all kind of sexual shit . even experiment up they ass with probe . Hugo do not notice Kenny 's doubtful look , simply because he rarely bother the look at whoever he 's talk to . he just bang on with the air of a man one hundred per cent certain of he subject . he rarely get rattle or hurried ; the sourness inside he curdle at its own easy pace , hugo government a ' the f.b.i. , they know shit they be not tellin ' we . get a airforce hangar with a spaceship an‘ a dead martian nigger inside , ' cept they do not reckon we be ready to know about it yet . {continued } 39 continued : the radio . 18 . 39 kenny that pick - up see headin ' away from here - none of we eyewitness say anything about coloured people ... hugo do not have to be coloured if they be from Mars , Kenny . you ever read that book Communion ? kenny can not say I have , sheriff root . hugo fella in that know all about ‘em . ' cept he get the wrong idea . ( patting the 44 magnum in he belt holster } only Communion you martian nigger understand be the kind I get right here . deputy Foster shout from one of the cruiser , where he 's on we can hear it crackle . foster sheriff root , sheriff meeker say he 's get you the chopper an’ marksman you request , but he want you to go talk to some media people - hugo ( unfaze ) you tell he fuck you . ( spitting ) you tell he Hugo root say fuck you . tell he I want that chopper up here now , a ' to keep they media fuck away or I '1l send ‘em back in bodybag . kenny sheriff root ? you figure , maybe , the way this people be blast to goddamn bone , we oughta wait for some real back - up before we go lookin ' for ‘em ? hugo we get air support a ' sniper a ' half a dozen roadblock bein’ set up right now , Kenny . you be not goin’ weak sister on I , be you ? ( continued ) 33 40 41 19 . continued : ( 2 ) 39 kenny ( peeve ) all I be sayin ' be it could be more than we can handle here ~ hugo it could be I be gonna take I a big shit tomorrow a ' find the key to graceland in the bowl , but I kinda doubt that as well . ( spitting ) martian niggers , Kenny . ( strolling off ) you wait a ' see , and Kenny be leave fume quietly . ext . gas station - night 40 run-down place beside a desert road , no other building about . the night be still . tulip 's pick - up be park at one of the pump , and she 's fill the tank . she finish , lean over to look at jesse , anxious . he do not look good at all - sweat , fidget in he sleep , face twist . tulip what be I do with you ? ( pause ) T must need my fuck head examine . she pull the blanket tighter around he , take she purse from the driver 's seat , head off to pay . out on the edge of the gas station , a scruffy - look guy pad out of the desert night , stop to survey the station . tulip 's pick - up catch he eye . it 's cassidy - tired , but with a sneaky grin on he face . cassidy fuckin 's deadly . int . gas station - night 4 ) tulip have pile a first aid kit and several bottle of water in front ef the bored look clerk . tulip and this too , please . ( continued ) 42 43 44 20 . continued : 41 the clerk grunt . tulip leok round , curious , as a engine start . out the window , we see she pick - up start to move away . tulip fuck ! she race out of the office and sprint after the truck as it head for the road , fumble in she purse . int . tulip' pick - up - night 42 cassidy be drive , whistling happily to himself . just as he pull out onto the road tulip leap onto the truck , grab the driver side door and haul herself up . with she free hand she stick the gun we see earlier in cassidy 's face , furious . he 's startle . tulip pull over ! cassidy stare at she in amazement , keep go . tulip I say pull over , asshole ! what the fuck do you think you be do ? cassidy ( laugh in disbelief ) what the fuck do it look like I be doin ' ? I be stealin ' you pick - up truck ! . ext . desert road - night 43 the truck pick up speed , racing past we with tulip hang off the side . up ahead there 's a rise in the road with some low hiil beyond . int . tulip' pick - up - night 44 cassidy can not believe this , find it hilarious . this make tulip even angrier . tulip you son of a bitch ! stop the truck and get out ! now ! ( continued ) 44 45 46 21 . continued : 44 cassidy bollock to that , love . I have be walkin’ across that desert for three night now . I be not fuckin’ stoppin ' for anyone . tulip ocock the gun} I fuck mean it . in the back of the truck , jesse be be bounce around all over the place . he wake slowly , still woozy . jesse huh ...? cassidy be actually look a bit concerned now , but not for himself . tulip be ready to shoot . cassidy will you for fuck 's sake get rid of that thing a ' I will stop an’ let you off . you be only gonna hurt yourself , you know . tulip what I be gonna do be blow you head clean out the fuck windshield if you do not stop the truck in three second time . Three . two . cassidy face front , freak . cassidy Jesus fuckin' Christ ! ext . desert road ~ night 45 as the truck come over the rise in the road it screech to a halt in a huge broadside skid . twenty yard ahead be Hugo root 's roadblock . two cruiser have be park in the road , with just enough space for a car to slip between they , and then only by turn sharply . powerful light flood the pick - up . eight deputy man the roadblock , reacting immediately to the pick - up 's arrival . int . tulip' pick - up ~ night 46 cassidy be damn near flung through the windshield by the emergency stop , and tulip barely keep a grip , drop the gun on the truck seat . her leg be flung out behind she . {continued ) 46 47 48 49 50 22 . continued : 46 in the back , jesse 's head bang hard into the wall of the cab . he slam a hand to the injure area , agonize , furious . jesse goddamnit ! ext . desert road - night 47 no sooner have the truck stop move than a sheriff 's dept . helicopter roar up over the hill from behind the roadblock . int . helicopter - night 48 behind the pilot a marksman take aim with a mean look scope rifle at the pick - up truck below . he wear a radio headset , over which we hear the crackle of static . marksman sheriff root , I have ‘em lock . repeat , I get a lock on they , Sir . ext , desert road - night 49 the deputy take cover behind the car , take aim with a variety of handgun , pump shotgun and mly . stand in the middle , revolver in one hand , bullhorn in the other , be Hugo root . Kenny and Foster be at he side . marksman ( 0.s. ) ( over radio ) just say the word . hugo {over bullhorn ) you fuck exit the truck with you hand in the air or you will be fire upon . do it now or we open fire . int . tulip' pick ~ up ~ night 50 cassidy and tulip stare out at the cop , stunne . tulip oh no ...! cassidy shite . you know , I could really do without this at the minute ... 52 53 int . helicopter - night 51 the marksman open fire even as Hugo speak , three quick shot . hugo ( 0.8 ) ( over radio ) wake ‘em up in there . int . tulip' pick - up - night 52 cassidy and tulip recoil in shock as the bullet punch through the hood barely a foot in front of they . cassidy fuckin ' Jesus ! they exit the truck fast . ext . desert road - night 53 cassidy and tulip get out of the truck , hand high . as the helicopter pass overhead , jesse can be see in the back of the truck , still hold he head . marksman ( 0.s. ) {over radio ) you get a third subject in the back , sheriff root . one more guy . Hugo shout again . his deputy be squinting down they gunsight , take no chance . hugo ( over bullhorn ) you in the back , we be not gonna warn you again . get you ass outta there . jesse sit up , rub he head . he notice tulip , then cassidy , both stand with they hand raise . he frown . cassidy 's bewilder at he sudden appearance . tulip be at a loss ... cassidy Christ ! jesse who the fuck 's he ? ( continued ) 53 24 . continued : 53 hugo {over pullhorn ) put you hand on the truck an’ spread you leg . make any other attempt to move a ' I guarantee it : you be fuck . Hugo put the bullhorn down , relax a bit . Kenny do not seem so confident . a couple of deputy move forward , the rest stay put . hugo ( spitting ) we get this son of bitch . the helicopter make a low pass on we heroes , now lean against the truck as per Hugo 's instruction . jesse rub he head , grimace angrily . cassidy this be like a night out with fuckin’ o.d ... jesse tulip , what the fuck be goin ' on here ? hugo ( 0.s . ) {over bullhorn ) you in the suit : both hand on the truck , I say . jesse ( fume ) fuck this . he turn towards the roadblock , grim as hell , lowering he arm . tulip gasp . tulip jesse , stop ! they will kill you ! Hugo snarl again . lot of click as he man cock they gun . hugo {over bullhorn ) hold it right there , mister . you put you hand on that truck or we will lawfully blow you ass all over this goddamn highway . ( continued ) 53 54 55 25 . continued : ( 2 ) 53 jesse raise he head , glare at we . he look like he really mean business . when he speak , everything else go utterly silent . there 's a weird , deep echo to he voice , this be the word of GOD , the power he 's get from Genesis . jesse ( word of God ) Drop the gun . all of you . and let we go . the deputy freeze . so do Hugo . they face go blank . a moment pass . then they start drop they gun on the ground . a loud clatter as the various firearm hit the deck . int . helicopter - night 54 the marksman , equally blank - face , drop he rifle out the side of the 's copter . the sound of the rotor can be hear beat faintly , as if far away . ext . desert road - night 55 the marksman 's rifle land on deputy Foster 's head , drop he instantly . Hugo be right beside he but can only blink , confuse . jesse turn to the astonished tulip and cassidy , quietly determine . jesse I think we oughta be leavin’ . they stare at he for a second , then snap out 's of it . cassidy I be with you , mate . tulip just a fuck second } this guy be gonna steal my truck ! jesse 's eye narrow as he turn to cassidy , who grin disarmingly . cassidy aye , but I can explain that . just give we a lift down the road , will you ? I have really appreciate it . tulip like hell . ( continued ) 26 . 55 continued : 55 jesse study cassidy carefully . cassidy meet he gaze without be hostile . they be size each other up . jesse ( nodd slightly ) get in the truck . cassidy aw , nice one ! tulip have you go out of you fuck mind ? jesse look ready to speak , then freeze . his eye narrow in intense , bewilder concentration . we close up on he face . 56 int . jesse's vision 56 a three - second flash of image - blaze flame - a angelic face , scream - a demonic face , roaring . 57 ext . desert road - night 57 jesse 's face twist in confusion . then he snap out of it , look at tulip . jesse I be not about to leave anyone to get fuck up by this asshole . we can talk about it later . okay ? tulip glance at the cop , fume , wrench open the door . jesse get in , she follow . cassidy 's already get in the passenger side . 58 ext . desert - night 58 we look past someone 's leg and flap duster coat at the distant light of the roadblock . the Saint have arrive . 59 ext , desert road - night 59 tulip start the engine , move off . Hugo and he deputy snap out of it as the truck speed through they roadblock , narrowly miss a couple of the cruiser . they be amaze . ( continued ) 27 . 59 continued : 59 hugo pick up you fuckin’ gun , you asshole ! they do , but by then the truck have race away . General confusion . deputy Foster get shakily to he foot , poke at he bleed scalp . Hugo , have retrieve he pistol , be furious . hugo you bunch of goddamn , by -the - Jesus , stupid , cocksuckin’ faggot - you stand there a ' let that bastard drive away ~ kenny namaze ) so do you ! one of the deputy on the edge of the group turn towards we , eye narrowing . deputy sheriff root ? @ Hugo yank open the door of the nearest cruiser . hugo well come on , for Jesus ' sake ! get after they ! you there , you get that chopper on the horn - deputy ( shouting ) sheriff root ! everyone turn , Hugo include . the deputy , rather shake , point out into the desert . about thirty yard from the roadblock stand the Saint of killer . not too much detail visible on he yet . the deputy watch , not sure of what to make of he . Kenny 's eye narrow , cautious . he 's stand slightly in front of Hugo . Hugo slam the door shut , glare at we . hugo well , well , well . the Saint be unmove , coat flap a little in the breeze , head lower slightly so the brim of he hat hide most of he face . Hugo put a hand to he holster pistol . his i. deputy bring up they weapon , not take they eye off the Saint . ( continued ) 59 28 . continued : ( 2 ) 59 hugo whe the fuck have we get here ? no answer come . Hugo lock annoyed . hugo you look to I like you might be trouble , mister . the Saint do not move . his voice be not much more than a slow whisper , but it sound terribly grim , full of restrain threat . saint yeah . the Saint raise he head , slow and deliberate . his eye be cold and hard , promise nothing but death . utterly riveting , terrifying . his lip curl slightly . he speak through he tooth , unimpress by what he see , a hint of disdain in he voice . to he this be just a inconvenience - not worth get angry or peeve over . he do everything slowly , gradually . he have no need to rush . saint a ' you do not look to I like the man who will stop it . the deputy be suddenly unaccountably scared , look warily at one another . Hugo grimace , annoyed . hugo be that a fact ... kenny sheriff root - hugo who the fuck do this asshole think he be ? you boy get ready , now ... the Saint push he coat back to reveal he holster pistol . he do not pose with he hand over they , or any Hollywood gunfighter bullshit . he act like he have all the time in the world . kenny ( scared ) : sheriff root , for God 's sake ! look at he ! ( continued } 59 continued : ( 3 ) 59 hugo ( snarling ) fuck you , Kenny . the minute he go for they pistol , you open f- the Saint 's hand blur to he holster and come up with two black iron Walker colt revolver . two massive roaring blast fill the air , flame shoot from the muzzle , smoke belch back . deputy Foster 's large gut explode in a welter of gore . Kenny barely register this as he shoulder erupt in a spray ef blood and he entire arm be blow off . the arm cartwheel past Hugo in slow motion , still hold Kenny 's pistol , blood jetting everywhere . Hugo gasp as blood from the arm spray into he face . the Saint step towards the terrify deputy , cock he pistol , fire again . he aim casually as he move forward at a stroll . the other bring up they gun and open fire . multiple shot , automatic and shotgun fire . two of they be flung packward by the Saint 's bullet , tear bloodily open . deputy Son of a bitch - deputy 2 Drop he ! bullet and slug smash into the Saint , staggering he slightly . one smashes into he face , turn he head . he turn back , grimace , clearly not pleased . there 's a hole in he face and several more in he chest , but no blood come out . it 's. like dead meat underneath . the deputy gape in amazement . deputy aw no . the Saint cock he pistol as he advance , now barely yard from the park cruiser . one guy break and run . another sink behind the car , cower in terror . the other two resume fire . ( continued ) 59 30 . continued : ( 4 ) 59 the Saint take more hit , but be not worried . he walk towards Kenny , who lie on the ground in deep shock , ruin shoulder pump blood into a widen pool on the road . the shoot continue as the Saint 's shadow fall across Kenny , who open he eye . he die a rather piss - off man . kenny ( whisper ) fuck you , sheriff root . the Saint do not bother to aim , just pull the trigger as he walk past Kenny . another blast . he bring up the second pistol as more bullet smash into he , fire . a deputy 's head be blow completely apart . the one cower behind the cruiser be blubber pathetically , back jamme against the side of the car . the last guy , still shoot , yell desperately at the cowardly guy . scare deputy oh Jesus Christ please save I now , I fuckin ' beg you ! do not let I die here ! do not let I die ! deputy for Christ 's sake shoot back at he , you stupid son of a bitch ! the Saint take careful aim , fire once . the bullet punch through the side panel of the cruiser , just over the front wheel , with a metallic clang . on the other side , the scared deputy gape in amazement as the bullet tear out of he chest in a shower of blood and meat . the deputy beside he cease fire , turn to stare . Beyond he , about fifty yard down the road , we see the deputy who proke and run earlier . another rear gunshot and the nearer deputy lose the front of he head . Beyond he , about a second later , the run deputy throw up he arm and fall . 60 61 31 . int . tulip' pick - up - night 60 jesse turn to stare out the back window , bewilder . the light of the firefight and the roadblock can be see reflect in the glass . jesse tulip , will you pull over for a second ? tulip will I what ? ext . desert road - night 61 Hugo root kneel at the end of the carnage , furious , try to wipe the blood out of he eye . hugo what the fuck be goin ' on ? puck ! son of fuckin’ whore - he clear he eye , look up , blink , realize the Saint 's leg be about three foot away . the Saint watch calmly , pistol hold at he side . he 's be shot about a dozen time , but the wound seem like nothing more than cut or bad bruise . he 's not so angry now , back to the slow - burn disdain . Hugo stand up , slow , hold he hand up open and empty . he 's not so much scared as very , very cautious , his pistol be go from its holster . hugo now ... you can see I be not armed ... the Saint raise one of the pistol , point it right at we . the muzzle be a yawn black chasm . saint reckon you can see it be . Hugo close he eye , sweat bucket . weary , disgust fear show at last on he face . then : multiple gunshot , and the Saint be rock by the impact of several bullet . the sound of the helicopter rotor come back . {continued } 61 62 63 64 32 . continued : 61 the helicopter roar back into place over the shattered roadblock . int . helicopter - night 62 the marksman have a automatic pistol dead - aim with both hand , yell into he radio headset . marksman ( over loudspeaker ) sheriff root , runt get the fuck outta there ! ext . desert road - night 63 the Saint turn to look up at the ' copter , not too impressed . behind he , Hugo snap out of it and run like hell . the ' copter hover barely twenty yard over the car and scattered body , the Saint turn towards it . the marksman can clearly be see , lock on target . marksman ( over loudspeaker ) you ! Drop they gun a ' raise you fuckin ' hand ! I do not see ‘em empty , I drop you lower and wormshit ! the Saint raise a eye , not convinced . marksman ( 0.s ) ( over loudspeaker ) you point that pistol a 's see if I be jokin ' , motherfucker ! ext . tulip ‘s truck ~ night 64 cassidy and jesse have exite the truck and be peer back along the road . tulip watch from the truck , wary . tulip well ? jesse it 's hard to see - a sudden flash of light illuminate they as they stagger pack , shield they eye . 65 66 67 68 69 70 ext . desert road ~ night 65 massive flaring explosion with a rumbling , echoing blast , right on top of the two cruiser , with the ' copter 's tail stick out of the inferno . piece of blaze car and ' copter fly into the air . ext . tulip' truck - night 66 cassidy 's freak . jesse peer closely at we , shield he eye as the flame light he face . cassidy fuck I sideways ! ext . desert road ~ night 67 a silhouett figure take shape in the flame : the Saint . he stride slowly from the wreckage . his clothes be burnt and sooty , but he seem otherwise unhurt . slow - burn grimace on he face . saint ( through gritt tooth ) you. ext . tulip' truck - night 68 jesse 's eye widen , amaze . int . jesse's vision 69 another three second flash . the demon and angel face again , the angel 's hand lock round the demon 's throat , the demon bite bloody strip of flesh from the angel 's neck - then silver cloud and bright sunlight . ext . tulip' truck - night 70 jesse turn to the equally freak cassidy , and they stare at each other . cassidy ... he mean you . ( continued ) 70 71 72 73 34 , continued : 70 jesse stare at he , then turn to the truck . a second later , cassidy snap out of it too . jesse tulip , let 's go ! you come on if you be comin ' ! cassidy fuckin 's right I be ! they scramble into the truck and tulip gun it . the trick race off . ext . desert road - night 71 backlit by the flame , the Saint stride towards and then past we , unconcern . int . sheriff' dept . build , outer office - night 72 a weary secretary start to stand as Hugo root march past she , then freeze . secretary sheriff root , you can not just barge in ~ oh ! int . sheriff meeker' office - night 73 average size office , desk and chair pile high with file , overflow filing cabinet , photo on the wall , noticeboard cover in document . sheriff meeker , a amiable guy in he late forty , sit behind the desk and sip he coffee , relaxed . meeker rarely get too agitate . detective dinning , 30 , sit opposite he read a file , not enjoy the coffee he 's drink . he 's a pretty sharp guy , probably destine for bigger thing . he 's hard to shock , usually just quietly amused by other people . dinning do somebody come in this coffee ? meeker {without look up ) I get excited when I hear you be on you way . could not help it . so what d' you make of all this ? ( continued ) 73 35 . continued : 73 dinning '' well , judge by what he say over the radio here , I would say you sheriff root be a one hundred per cent ~ the door open and in barge Hugo , fume . he 's still cover in gore and dirt , dry blood smear across he face . hugo meeker , I want you to get right on that fuckin’ phone a ' cali Washington . I want you to get that government son of bitch down here to answer for what they do . that by - the - Jesus , cocksuckin ' yankee think they can use we to test they goddamn experiment on , they can fuckin' think again . dinning stand , try not to smile . meeker just look pain . meeker now just hold on a minute there , Hugo . you be to the hospital to get yourself check out ? hugo ai not nothin ' wrong with I , goddamnit ! dinning really ? hugo odislike he instantly ) a ' who the fuck be you suppose to be ? ' meeker Hugo , this be detective dinning . he 's - hugo . I do not give a good fuck who he be . do you know what 's be let loose out there ? do you know what happen to my deputy tonight ? meeker well , I hear what you radice in . one suspect match the description ( more } {continued } 36 . 73 continued : ( 2 ) 73 meeker ( cont 'd ) i ) of the miss Minister from annville apparently order you a ' you boy to drop you gun ... which you do ... and the second suspect be able to withstand multiple gunshot wound while kill every single deputy in you command . hugo goddamn right . a moment pass , meeker watch Hugo sadly , Hugo glaring back at he , dinning smile as he study Hugo . dinning shit , case close . hugo ( spitting ) fuck you . dinn grin . meeker look weary . meeker Hugo ...! o we we be wastin ' time here , meeker . you call Washington , tell ‘em we be onto they a ' they goddamn f.b.i. genetic experiment . I know all about it , I read all the book . they be usin ' martian nigger technology , tryin ' to keep it quiet from we normal folk . by now dinning be struggle not to laugh , but Hugo do not notice . meeker seem genuinely sad for he . hugo they son of bitch build a fella can make you do whatever he tell you , a ' a dirty motherfucker cop killer robot , an’ they have let ‘em both loose on we . ( point to he face ) I get the proof right here . see this ? deputy Kenny . I love that boy like he be my own , an’ now I be gonna have to go home and shampoo he outta my hair . an’ I wanna know just what the fuck you be plan to do @ about it . ( continued ) 37 . continued : ( 3 ) 73 meeker {getting up ) okay , Hugo , thanks for you report . we have get boy turnin ' out all over the state , an' the border post have be alert . we be gonna pick this people up sooner or later , a ' as soon as we do we will let you know . Hugo fume . meeker be sympathetic but firm . dinning look hard at the floor . meeker get on home a ' get some rest , huh ? Hugo sneer . then , after a last hard glare at both of they , he turn and march out of the office , slamm the door as he go . meeker slump a little , return to he seat . dinning rub he jaw , smile a little . a moment pass in silence . dinning ai not you gonna call Washington ? meeker ( smile in spite of himself ) laugh it up . I be workin’ with Hugo root for damn near twenty year now . we be agree somebody kill he deputy , yeah ? dinning no doubt about it . I just be not veady to call the X - file yet , be all . any word from the scene ? meeker tank go up when the chopper crash on the car . can not establish shit ' till they clean up a little . what you make of annville , by the way ? dinning well , from the look of thing , I would say somebody wait ' till the good people have gather to worship a ' then laid in twenty gallon of napalm . sure would like a word with this reverend custer about how he get out of it ... ( continued ) 38 . 73 continued : ( 4 ) 73 es meeker {doubtful} well ... dinning it 's just a theory , sheriff . Hell , gotta be better than Hugo 's , right ? meeker right ...oh , I know he look like what happen when white meet trash , but ... dinning ( smile ) he look like a man who 's not afraid to fuck he career in the ass . meeker mm. you ever hear about what happen to Hugo 's boy ? dinning ' til tonight I never even hear of Hugo . e@ meeker kid put a twelve - gauge to he head . dinning oh , no shit ? meeker sit back , thoughtful , link he finger behind he head . . meeker not because of Hugo ... let 's see now , this boy woulda be about sixteen . you know how kid get at that age , all surly a ' rebellious a ' disrespectful , Hugo kick he ass twice a day . once he even put a cigarette out on he arm . a ' all he get for he trouble be fuck you ... dinning be get interested . meeker now , the boy 's a big fan of one of this rock star boy , one of that modern one sound like a downs 6 syndrome fella set to music . this get up Hugo 's ass double . how 's he s'pose to listen to hank a ' waylon ( more ) ( continued } 73 74 continued : ( 5 ) meeker ( cont 'd ) a 's tammy , with all that shit comin’ through the wall ? well , come the day the rock star blow he damn fool head off , the way this fella be prone todo . Boy hear the news , tuck Hugo 's remington under he chin , a ' follow in he hero 's footstep . dinning do not suppose Hugo mourn too much , huh ? meeker do not have to . dinning ( surprised ) the boy 's alive ? meeker start fumble through a desk drawer . meeker bear with I a minute , will you ? yeah , after take a slug through the face point blank , and after six or seven cperation to fix he up , the boy be indeed alive . ah , here we be ... he come up with a 8x10 photo , which we never see . at it , frown thoughtfully . meeker I get a teenage boy of my own , and every time he piss I off - every dumb thing he say to he Mom , every joint I catch he with , or just when I hear he play that goddamn rap shit : I take a look at this ... and all of a sudden he do not seem quite so bad . 33 . 73 he look he turn the photo round , hold it up . look past it , we see dinning gape in shock and horror . ext . hugo' house - front door - night 74 arseface open the door and stick he head out at we , fill the screen . arseface 's dialogue be a stream of grunt and moan - and yet he never sound anything other than completely cheerful . try stick you tongue hard into you lower lip , then speak {continued } 74 75 76 77 40 . continued : 74 he line . a translation be run in subtitles along the bottom of the screen . arseface ( hi , dad ! ) Hugo barge past he into the house , do he best to ignore he son completely . arseface do not seem to notice . arseface ( how be you day ? ) int . hugo' house - night 78 Hugo walk into the front room , fume quietly as arseface follow he , chatter away . the house be sparsely furnish , and not very clean . worn - out furniture , old tv set . Hugo dump he hat on the coffee table , sit down . arseface { still no letter from Mom , but I bet she will be home any day now , huh ? you want to relax and I will bring you a beer ? sound good ? ) he head for the kitchen , turn , give the thumb up . arseface ( you betcha ! ) Left alone , Hugo stare hatefully at the wall for a moment , piss off at he wretch lot in life . then he close he eye , put he head in he hand , and break down completely . ext . ROADHOUSE bar - night 76 the bar be a wide , one - storey building out in the desert , with several car and pick -up - include tulip 's - in the parking lot . across the road from it be a small all night supermarket / mini-mall , with more car park outside . seem to be close . the bar , however , be very much open : a large neon sign over it read the rattler . people come and go . Music drift out into the night . int . ROADHOUSE bar - night 77 Inside , the rattler be a fairly dead kind of place . same mix of smoke , neon and gloom that we have see before . plenty of people in , but everyone seem to stay in little group or couple ~ no dance , no boisterous group around the bar , a ( continued ) 77 4i . continued : 7 good place to go to drink yourself into a wretch mess and ery into you whiskey . couple of waitress at work , not exactly rush off they foot . one be young and pretty . cassidy and tulip sit at a table near the back , tulip try to be inconspicuous . cassidy glance around , naturally curious . he smoke and drink beer , she have some kind of stupid cocktail with a umbrella in it . a glass of bourbon and ice sit in front of a empty chair . cassidy happenin 's fuckin ' place , be not it ? tulip keep it down , will you ? we be mean to be blend in . cassidy ( amused ) blend in ? sure you just go on a shopping spree across the road there . tulip I have to get he something to wear . I mean , he 's go to stand out a mile walk around cover in burnt vag , be not he ? and by the way , would you mind tell I what the fuck you think you be do follow we in here ? cassidy well , you help I out of a tight spot back there . I reckon one good turn deserve another . tulip nlean forward ) look , he and I have get a lot to talk about . i- mean a fuck of a lot . so you know which good turn you can do for we , do not you ? cassidy ( lean forward ) what 's that ? tulip fuck . off. 78 79 42 . int . bar restroom - night 78 a tiny , grimy little room . jesse dump all he old clothes into the trash . last to go be the white collar , which he hesitates on . lower it , he study he reflection in the mirror intently . he look a little bit piss off , a sense of determination . jesse what the fuck be happenin’ to I ? int . ROADHOUSE bar - night 79 cassidy lean back , laugh to himself . tulip glare , clearly irritate . cassidy aw , now that 's cold ... tulip cold . I see . you try to steal my truck , and now you be sit here talk about help we - which I do not believe for a second , by the way . cassidy I have to admit , I do have a wee bit of a ulterior motive . tulip really ? cassidy aye . this trick you boyfriend do , where he can make people do thing like he 's speakin’ the word of God ? well , I can see one or two possibility hangin ' round with a fella like that . tulip I will bet you can . cassidy '' miss Crawford , miss turlington - smear my handsome irish friend in Southern Comfort , an' then lick it all off an’ start again . Mr. Jagger - ( more ) {continued } 79 43 . continued : 79 cassidy ( cont 'd ) load keith 's coke into the back of that 747 . then sign this check . tulip and why would jesse want to do all that for you , exactly ? cassidy hey , I do not believe in gettin’ somethin’ from nothin ' , you know . I might be able to help you . tulip how ? cassidy Hidden talent , love . tulip raise a eye . cassidy I be irish , for starter . that never hurt . ( smile ) a ' there 's something else you should know about I , too ... tulip yeah ? cassidy ( look past she , grin ) oh look , there 's you boyfriend now . blendin ' in . . jesse enter the bar dress in he new clothes , the white collar set off the black outfit . he 's clean himself up a bit too , and cut quite a dash figure as he stride across the bar towards the rear table . he seem to radiate supreme self - confidence , lighting up a marlboro as he go , hardly aware of anyone else . several folk notice he , inelude the pretty young waitress , who like what she see and discreetly set off after he . a bunch of redneck notice she notice he , instantly disapprove . this guy be all young buck on they fifth or sixth beer , just about ready to go look for trouble . jesse notice nene of this . he mosey over to the table , watch by tulip , who can not help but smile . a hint of nostalgia here for she . ( continued ) 44 , 79 continued : ( 2 ) 79 jesse sit down , pick up he glass . cassidy smile amiably . jesse think slight edge . off go the little glare . jesse ( to cassidy ) you still here ? cassidy Jesus , I think texans be suppose to be friendly . jesse {genuinely curious ) where the hell do you hear that ? cassidy I make it up . I like to believe that best of people , you know ? about that , find himself smile , but with a the waitress arrive . waitress you ready for another drink , reverend ? jesse yeah , same again for I a ' the lady . ( to cassidy ) you want another beer ? cassidy aye , please . waitress , smile at jesse , not see tulip 's cassidy that 's awful decent of you . jesse not 's really . you be payin' . they smile shrewdly at each other for a moment . then cassidy grin . cassidy it occur to I we have not be properly introduce . my name 's cassidy . you be jesse an‘ you be turnip , be that right ? ( continued ) 45 . 79 continued : ( 3 ) 79 = tulip ( hiss ) tulip . cassidy aye . tulip {to jesse ) before you arrive , cassidy be try to think of one good reason why he should not just fuck off and die . cassidy I tell you , I know thing other fella do not . when you have be around for as long as I have , you pick up all sort of useful wee trick . jesse what d' you mean , as long as you have ? what you doin ' out here anyway ? e@ cassidy aw , y'know , seein ' the world . that 's how I come to be borrowin ' you truck , as a matter of fact . through a series of adventure too fuckin’ mental to go into now , I find myself strand in the arse - end of nowhere . cheer for givin 's we a lift out of it . ( pause ) I notice you be still wearin' the collar , there . jesse ( thoughtful ) yeah . well , I reckon I still have business with the Lord . olight a cigarette , offer cassidy one ) I would like to know what the fuck happen to I today , for one thing . how I come to be able to do what I do to that deputy . an’ who the hell that gunfighter son of a bitch be , too . @ tulip nudge he as the waitress return with they drink , and they all clam up . the girl pay special attention to ( continued } 46 . 79 ° continued : ( 4 ) 79 = jesse as she set down the drink . nobody notice , but a couple of the redneck have sidl over to eavesdrop . waitress I brung you change . hey , I be wonderin’ : be you a real preacher ? jesse now , what would a real one be doin ' in a de of sin like this ? you go on a ' keep it , honey . waitress ( beam ) thank you , reverend . cassidy fork over a ten-spot , and off she go . cassidy do not mention it . well , it 's pretty bleedin ' obvious to I that all this stuff 's link up . I mean , from what you be sayin ' earlier : you get hit by this ... whatever it be , you incinerate you congregation - @ jesse not by choice . well , probably not . cassidy you develop this word of God , an’ all of a sudden you have get the gunfighter after you . jesse ' Cause he do not want I doin’ this shit , or somethin’ ? yeah , that figure . cassidy I 'i1 tell you one thing about he : he look like a good man to avoid like the fuck plague . jesse maybe so . tulip maybe so ? jesse @ like I say , I want some answer . if it turn out I gotta go to he to get ‘em , .. there it be . ( continued } 47 . 79 continued : ( 5 ) 79 = cassidy do you see what he do out there tonight ? the bastard can shoot down helicopter . bullet bounce off he . he can walk through a fuckin’ firestorm , for Jesus ' sake . jesse ( lean in , annoyed ) I do not care if he can shoot cruise missile from he pecker . nobody - I mean nobody - fuck with I like I be fuck with today an’ walk away with they tooth still intact . an’ if that motherfucker want to get in my way he 's gonna be wearin’ he six - gun up he ass . a pause . cassidy seem rather faze , not sure what to think . cassidy you be not much of a one for backin ' down in the face of adversity , be you , jesse ? @ jesse just drink he bourbon . tulip look at cassidy , wearily shaking she head : no he be not . nor be he ever . 80 ext . truckstop bar - night 80 a very different sort of bar , the ten -ten . a number of eighteen - wheeler park outside , loud country music blare from within , along with raise voice , shout . sound good and lively . a truck roar past in the background . 81 int . truckstop bar ~- night 81 this be indeed a much livelier place than the rattler . the clientele be generally older - trucker in they 30 and 40s cut loose , a jukebox pump out caw at full volume , waitress get friendly with the boy . a number of local about too , a few couple about - basically lot of friend meeting up , enjoy they all too rare time together as they pass through . several folk dance . up at the bar , a slightly toast trucker slap he pal on the back , kiss the barmaid goodbye , and weave for the door . ( continued ) 81 48 . continued : 81 trucker --- I gotta go , boy . I need to sleep this off a ' be halfway to Memphis by tomorrow night . I will see you . barmaid you say hi to you wife for I , prank . trucker ( laugh ) that will be the day . out he go . the other go back to they conversation . a moment pass . then there 's the most god-almighty bang and the trucker be flung back into the bar with half he chest blow away , frantically try to stay on he foot . he fall backwards , smashes into the jukebox - the music stop . then he fall on the floor and die in a bloody heap . everyone gape . a confuse buzz of fear and confusion fill the air . people move to the fall trucker . then one guy turn towards the door , freeze . guy oh Jesus , it 's the Saint , frame in the doorway , blue smoke curling up from he pistol . everyone turn to stare , rivete . he stride up to the bar , oblivious to they stare . there 's a loud clunk as he set the revolver on the bar . he fix the petrify barmaid with he steely glare . , saint whiskey . mouth clamp shut for fear she will scream , the barmaid set down a glass and pour he a shot . the noise of the flow whiskey be the only thing audible . the Saint knock it back , set down the glass . for just a moment he seem thoughtful . saint first drink I have have ... since wound knee . ( continued 81 82 49 . continued : ( 2 ) al the moment pass , the icy cold return to he eye and he reach for the pistol . sudden panic show on the face of the people around he . a sense of something terrible about to happen . ext . ROADHOUSE bar parking lot ~- night b2 jesse , tulip and cassidy have leave the rattler . tulip be not too happy . jesse grimace a little . cassidy follow , enjoy they argument . tulip " you get a nice little ass , honey . you go ahead a ' keep tulip 's last five buck . " jesse aw , now that be not it at all ... redneck leader ( 0.s. ) you do not like it here , drink some other goddamn place . they turn . advance slowly on they be the little band of redneck from the bar , just drunk enough to want to get into it . the leader be a brawny thug in a baseball cap . six of they in total . cassidy step in front of tulip so he 's just behind and to the side of jesse . jesse remain cool , even polite . jesse I like it fine . the leader stop about a yard from jesse . redneck leader that be not what you say to mona . call it a de of sin , or some shit . I hear you . jesse ( weary ) oh , Jesus ... look , if she 's you girl , relax , okay ? I be not interested . you get I all wrong . redneck leader ( turn cap back to front ) I reckon I get you just right , motherfucker ! ( continued ) 82 se. continued : 82 jesse change in a instant . his eye narrow . he go icy cold . cassidy step up behind he , grin . cassidy you know , I think the problem be that she be not he girl . redneck leader you sayin 's I be some kinda homo ?! jesse be icy cold . behind he , cassidy 's grin become positively predatory . jesse I be sayin 's you would crawl over fifty good pussy to get to a fat boy 's ass . the leader move - too slow . jesse slam two finger up he nostril , twist , and rip upwards . a terrible rip anda . gout of blood . the guy howl and fall . the other be so surprised , jesse have time to step in and hook a right , leave and another right into the second guy 's face . he drop like a ton of shit . a third guy reach for jesse , but cassidy grab he shoulder , smile nastily , and headbutt he in the face . a massive , almost hollow - sounding impact . the guy 's eye bulge and he fall , nose spread all over he face like a burst tomato . jesse duck a swing from number four , sink a low one into the guy 's stomach . the guy fold up around it , gasp . number five jump on cassidy 's back . the sixth guy dance pack out of trouble . the sixth guy sneakily snap open a switchblade , wait for he chance . jesse hold number four against a car and punch the shit out of he . cassidy flip the fifth one over he shoulder . the guy fly at least ten yard through the air . tulip 's eye widen as she follow the be of he descent . tulip Jesus Christ ...! ( continued ) 82 sl. continued : { 2 ) 82 Big crash as the guy smashes into the side of a pick - up truck like a break rag doll , upside down . tulip turn back to the fight , freak . tulip cassidy ! cassidy yeah ? cassidy turn ~- right into the sixth guy 's attack . he slam the switchblade clean through the plastic lens of cassidy 's shade , on into the eye beyond . cassidy step back , hand go to he eye , then come away again . tulip stare . cassidy and the guy look at each other . cassidy be calm . the handle of the blade jut from he shade lens , blade all the way in . the guy be freeze . Beyond they , we get a glimpse of jesse still demolosh he own victim . cassidy reach up , hold the shade with one hand , tug the blade out of he eye with no discernible pain whatsoever . blood and jelly slide from the blade , leak down from pehind he shade as well . cassidy hang on a second there , mate . tiil be right with you . pop . out come the biade , slather in gore . tulip 's eye widen further . cassidy ( 0.8 . ) right. c'mere . we hear the guy scream in terror - a scream which be just as suddenly cut off . tulip j...0... jesse ? jesse quit beat on the redneck , whose face be now pulp . jesse hold he up with one hand and turn , then drop he . jesse 's jaw drop open in amazement as he stare . jesse Jesus fuckin ' Christ . ( continued ) 52 . 82 continued : ( 3 ) 82 cassidy hold he would - be assailant 's lifeless body up by the hair , spit out a lump of bloody meat , let the blood pour down he chin . the meat be from the guy 's neck , which cassidy have just bitten a hole in . blood spurt out in long jet , pump into the dirt . cassidy what ? he haul the corpse up , sink he mouth into the wound , and start drink the blood as it pour out . loud gulp noise can be hear . tulip , still freak , turn slowly to the rivete jesse . tulip say something ! cassidy quit drink for a second , gasp with delight . jesse what the fuck you do that for ...? cassidy @ I be hungry . jesse so you figure you have snack on this fella 's neck ? what be you , some kinda fuckin ' vampire ? cassidy : well , I just flung a fella twenty foot through the air , I take a switchblade straight in the brain without blinkin' , an' I tore a fella 's throat open so I could drink he blood . I would say I be pretty obviously some kind of fuckin ' vampire , would not you ? jesse it ... can not be ... cassidy ( laugh in disbelief ) oh aye , listen to mister normal ! utterly throw , jesse stare at tulip , try to fit this e thing into he head . ( continued ) 82 53 . continued : ( 4 ) 82 tulip for Christ 's sake , he 's do it again ! he be indeed , gulp away at the guy 's neck . jesse ( angry ) ; goddamnit , cassidy ! knock it off ! but cassidy clearly like it too much , gulp merrily away . bloed dribble everywhere . cassidy ( between gulp ) just - a minute - jesse snarl , and once again he voice echoe with he new - find power . jesse ( word of god} knock it off ! cassidy be amaze . he fling the corpse to the ground , furious . cassidy for fuck 's sake ! jesse and cassidy yell at each other , both furious , right in each other 's face . cassidy do not you fuckin ' dare do that shit to I ! nobody tell I what to do ! a ' I do not know if you notice , but that wee shite stick a knife in my eye ! , jesse that do not make he a two - dollar slurpee ! a ' I would have tell you to fuck yourself the minute I laid eye on you , if I would know you be some kinda fuckin ' abomination ! cassidy freeze , stunne . for just a second he look hurt - then he face set in a piss - off grimace . jesse face he with narrow eye . neither man will give ground . then cassidy turn on he heel and stomp away . { continued ) 82 34 . continued : ( 5 ) 82 tulip watch he go , then turn to jesse , who have turn away and be angrily lighting a marlboro . a engine start . tulip turn in that direction , eye narrowing . tulip jesse ? jesse forget it , tulip . I do not wanna talk about it . tulip but jesse ~ jesse I say I do not wanna - tulip jesse , he 's steal my truck ! again ! so he be . the truck pull out of the parking lot . jesse shit ! he charge after the truck , but it 's already racing off down the road . jesse : come back here , you unbelievable motherfucker ! I will kick you fuck ass to death ! fuck ! he give up , roaring hatefully . jesse you worthless son of a bitch ! tulip 's hand come into shot between we and jesse , fire she gun . jesse gape . tulip snarl with hatred , blast away until the pistol lock dry . jesse stare . tulip bastard ...! ( continued ) 82 continued : ( 6 ) 82 the engine noise disappear into the night , along with the echo of the gunshot . jesse ( grab the gun ) what the fuck be this ? tulip ( grab it back ) it 's mine , be what it be ! jesse tulip , what be you do with this fuck thing ? tulip I be defend myself . behind they , several people be exite the bar , draw by the noise . jesse and tulip notice they . tulip @ come on , let 's get out of here . once they get a look at you little massacre they be gonna have the cop here in no < ime . jesse ( reluctant TI dunno . I be gettin ' sick of runnin’ away all the goddamn time . tulip I be sure there will be plenty more people to beat up later . come on , for Christ 's sake ... they melt into the night . 83 ext . ROADHOUSE bar - night 83 cassidy 's victim lie in a bodybag , face still freeze in horror . a hand zip the bag shut . two paramedics lift the bodybag , carry it towards a pair of ambulance park in the rattler parking lot . Three sheriff 's dept . cruiser be there too , blue light slowly * flash . a small crowd watch as the paramedics load the batter redneck into the ambulance , either on stretcher or help they climb in . ( continued } 58 . 83 continued : 83 several deputy be question people in the crowd . other keep the main crowd back from the crime scene . dinning and meeker be question the one redneck still stand , the second one jesse hit . his face have be bandage , he 's a bit woozy . redneck a ' then the reverend fella , he hit I so hard I feel like a goddamn truck go over I - an’ when I wake up a minute or two later , the ugly one 's bitin’ into Horace 's neck an’ drinkin’ he goddamn blood ! dinning turn away . meeker ease the guy towards the ambulance , they join dinning . dinning what the fuck be this , asshole night ? meeker I know , I know . thing be , I show he that photo of reverend custer we @ get , an’ the guy swear it 's the same fella kick he ass . dinning this be the guy swear we get dracula on the loose ... a deputy come over . deputy sheriff meeker ? Sir ? we just hear - nine - ~one~one call come in about a half - hour ago , from that truckstop out by the county line , the ten- ten ? somethin ' about shootin’ , a ' a guy sound kinda like sheriff roct 's cop killer ... meeker and ? deputy get cut off . meeker and dinning look at each other . ( continued } 83 84 85 86 37 . continued : ( 2 ) 83 meeker that 's a hell of a long way from here ... okay , son . get ‘em ready to go . exit the deputy . dinning you be really takin’ this seriously ? meeker enough to take a look . let 's go . ext . desert road - night 84 jesse and tulip stand at the side of the road , watch the light of the cruiser and ambulance as they pull away from the distant rattler and disappear into the night . jesse turn , notice tulip be shiver a bit , hugging herself . she 's not exactly dress for the cool desert night . jesse take he coat off , wrap it round she . she 's a little startle , look up at he . they find themselves very close for a moment . then they move apart , both rather awkward . tulip you think it would be safe to try that motel down the road ? I be about ready to drop . jesse ( smile ) I guess it have be kind of a long day . ext . highway - night 85 tulip 's pick - up race past we . ' int , tulip' pick - up - night 86 cassidy be drive , go hell for leather , clearly not in a very good mood , cassidy you really know how to pick you moment , cassidy . you stupid bollock . ( continued } 86 87 88 89 58 . continued : 86 he sulk a bit . then he look curious , sniff the air . he seem a bit surprised at what he smell , and pull over . ext . highway - night 87 the truck stop at the side of the road . cassidy cut the engine and stick he head out the window . he take a long , deep breath - and freeze , amaze . cassidy Jesus ! he start she up again , and the truck pull away and race off down the road . Way , way out in the distance , far from the speed truck , a curious blood - red glow line the horizon . it 's much too red to be dawn , almost like a line of lava spilling from a fault . e&t. motel - night 88 a crummy little collection of cabin , a neon motel sign , and a central office . few car park . int . motel room - night 89 jesse and tulip enter . she have the key . t's a shitty room , everything old and wear . a bed , a tv set , a phone , a door to the bathroom . jesse slip he collar back into place . tulib '' Mr. and Mrs. Smith ? " Jesus Christ , jesse ... jesse fool he , do not it ? that boy look dumb enough to jerk off with a fistful of barb wire . he be not gonna be callin’ any law . tulip shrug , sit , take out she pistol . she eject the clip , bang in a new one . then she notice jesse watch . jesse why the hell you packin ' that goddamn thing , anyhow ? tulip well , you remember - hey , wait a minute ! ( continued ) 99 59 . continued : 89 jesse what ? tulip it 's none of you business what I have be do . you would not say jackshit about become a preacher , or why you dumped I , or who it be that 's so fuck important you promise you will throw you life away for they ... jesse I be just worried for you , be all . tulip {interested ) you be ? he just look at she . of course he be . tulip okay . how about we both ' fess up , then ? you tell I you sorry tale , I will tell you mine . jesse be catch off guard . he watch she , curious . she just smile back , interested , challenging he . then he lower he gaze , resign . jesse Hell , why not . with all this other shit down on we head , = guess it do not make a goddamn bit of difference anyway . tulip smile , pleased . then jesse look up . jesse but you go first . that catch she for a moment . she hesitates , then take a deep breath . tulip I ought to say right up front that you be not go to like this bit . okay ... after I realize you be not come back , I kind of get myself into some trouble . I be drink quite a bit , except I be borrow the money to do it , and , well , ha-ha , ( more ) ( continued ) 60 . 89 continued : ( 2 ) 89 _ tulip ( cont 'd ) ) you can sometimes forget just how much you be put away ... jesse who be you borrowin ' from ? tulip macavoy . jesse macavoy ?! that son of a bitch in Houston ? that 's the motherfucker try to rip we off om that lamborghini thing a ' I swore I be gonna - tulip ( cut he off ) yes , but I have no - one else to go to , do I ? ( calmer ) so what with the drink and then look for you in the occasional moment of sobriety , I let the whole thing get out of control and macavoy call a halt to the proceedings . @ want he money back . {f could not pay . so he say I have to do something for he in exchange ... jesse be watch she very carefully now . tulip Christ , I do not know . I do not have any choice . you swear there 's thing you would never do ~ you could never do - and all of a sudden circumstance change and you find yourself do stuff , no matter how awful it be . " jesse ( quietly appal ) you ... you be a hooker ? tulip ( explode ) no I be not a fuck hooker ! Jesus Christ , custer ! I can not believe you fuck say that ! what the fuck do you think I be ? @ but jesse be too busy get he heartrate back to normal to answer , relieved beyond measure . ( continued ) 89 30 91 92 93 él. continued : ( 3 ) a9 tulip ( peeve ) but I suppese in a way it be worse than that . it happen about a month ago . in Houston , ext . houston STREET - night - 90 flashback to tulip stand on a street corner in a shitty part of town , purse over she shoulder , nervous . she just can not relax . she turn towards we , notice something that set she even more on edge . a black mercede be park just outside a bar , which seem to have just close . two scruffily - suite thug wait at the car while a third lock the door of the bar , pull down the shutter . also at the bar be a fat guy in a slightly better suit , clearly they boss . tulip watch , now downright scared . tulip oh my ged . I can not believe I be gonna do this . she glance down at she purse . the third guy finish lock up and get in the back of the car , with the fat guy between he and another thug . the last one get in front to drive . tulip , stare , terrify , take a step forward . then another . and another . int . car - night 91 the driver be just about to start up when he notice tulip come slowly towards they . he frown , then smile , and turn to the guy 's in the back . ext . houston STREET - night 92 tulip advance like a nervous mouse , not really look at the car . int . car - night 93 everyone in the car bust up laugh . ( continued ) 62 . 93 continued : 93 fat guy what the fuck be that suppose to be ? thug look to I like too much fuckin ' prozac . hey , watch this - 94 ext . houston STREET - night 34 the thug in the rear seat - on the side face tulip - lean out the window and grin at she . we can just see the thug on the other side of the fat guy lean round to watch . thug pardon I , ma'am ! tulip jump , startle out of she daze . tulip wahh !! the thug make a two -inch diameter circle with he thumb and forefinger , smile innocently . thug you reckon you could get you mouth around something this wide ? ' Cause if you could , I would like to marry you . tulip freeze , stunne . we hear the carload of jerk crack up laugh . then tulip 's face change to a look of total fury and she pull the Desert Eagle from she purse . thug ( 0.s. ) Holy shit !! and we freeze frame right there . 95 int . motel room ~ night 95 jesse be stare wide - eye at tulip , mouth shut , but she do not notice . she seem really irritate . tulip see , what have I so terrify be the think of use a gun on someone . I mean my dad be a cop , he teach I all about gun and defend myself and everything , and now here be this guy , this rival of macavoy 's I be suppose to blow away ... I mean just ( more ) ( continued ) 95 96 97 98 99 63 . continued : 35 tulip ( cont 'd ) kill he , put a end to he there in the street ... for know I could not do it , I froze . and then that asshole go and give I whatever it be you need to pull a trigger . or so I think . ext . houston STREET - night 36 we hold on the freeze frame for a instant , then tulip complete the draw and fire . int . car ~ night 97 the second thug - not the one who speak to tulip , but the one who lean over to see better , get he jaw blow off . blood fly . panic in the back of the car . fat guy Jesus fuckin' Christ ! uneurt thug oh my God ! the wounded guy fumble in he lap , pick up the severe lower jaw , stare at it . it 's a ghastly mess of bone , meat and tooth . his pal stare at he . he stare at they . ext . houston STREET ~ night . 38 tulip be freeze , smoking gun in hand , eye bulg from she skull . she clap a hand to she mouth , look for all the world as if she would swear in church . tulip ( squeaking ) oh ! her p.o.v. : all four of the guy in the car , stare out at she , freeze to they seat , stunne . tulip bolt and run down the street . int . motel room ~ night 99 tulip look up , anxious to change the subject . tulip so anyway , you turn . ( continued ) 99 64 , continued : 99 jesse ( faze ) I do not think so ... tulip okay , okay , I know . it be a horrible thing to do . JI know that . but just for that instant , after be so terrify , I be sure I could really do it , I think that 's what scare I the most . jesse I be glad to hear that . tulip look up , curious . jesse ' Cause the tulip I remember , the think of takin ' someone 's life - even a asshole 's life - woulda scared the livin’ hell outta she . she smile a little . so do he . a warm moment between they . tulip even laugh a little , then more . tulip your be gonna have to be a pretty wild fuck story to beat that . jesse smile sadly . jesse yeah . well . my daddy die . tulip stop short , look up at he . jesse I get word that time we be in Phoenix . nurse say on the phone he do not have long . you be shopping , remember ? I could not wait ' till when we agree to meet - have to just head straight for home . get there just in time , way it turn out . he be hurtin’ real bad . you never meet my daddy , but I swear he be the strongest man I ever know . he pause . tulip watch , concerned . this be clearly aifficult for he . ( continued } 65 . 99 continued : ( 2 ) 99 @ jesse but that day , lyin ' there with that goddamn cancer eatin’ he up ... coughin ' a ' sweatin’ , all the muscle go from he arm , so thin this little bitty nurse could pick he up a ' turn he over ... hair all go , skin like chalk ... that day I look at he , an' I see that strong man have be cut down to nothin' . I sit down at he bedside a ' take he hand , a ' he look at I ... an' all of a sudden I could see he have not change a bit . that strength of he be still right there . he raise he head now , fiercely proud for just that moment . jesse still right there in my daddy 's eye . tulip be genuinely affect by this , sorry for he . his voice soften again . jesse @ it be he , tulip . he get I to become a minister . just like he would be , and he daddy before he . an’ I look in that eye of he a 's I know I have no choice but to do just like he want . tulip could not you have tell I ? jesse oh , I think about it . I be gonna do it . a ' then I think - a ' say what ? sorry , honey , I gotta leave you for the church . too bad about you 's break heart . I figure the best thing be to disappear outta you life . 1 know it have be hard on you , a ' I regret it more and anything I ever do in my life , but ... aw , Jesus . tulip you know ... if you could have tell I this last night , I think I would have @ understand . ( continued ) 66 . 39 continued : ( 3 ) 99 jesse I do not want you to understand . I want you to go on hat I . to leave I outta you life an’ go away an’ have a chance of be happy . a ' then , I dunno , I would be able to carry on doin 's what I have to do , no matter how shitty it be . ( pause ) see , I know I cause my daddy pain with the life I be leadin' . he tell I , he say , '' if you make one promise in you life that mean anything , son - please let it be this one . '' he bring I into this world . he feed a ' clothed I a ' raise I the way he think be just an’ proper . a ' seein 's he in that bed I know I have one final chance to do right by he , the way he always do for I . [ I become a preacher for my daddy , tulip ... because it be just the right goddamn thing to do . e@ he look at she , smile sadly . jesse a 's now look . I do the right thing . I fuck up my life , an’ I fuck up yours even worse , an’ what I achieve by it do not amount to a bucket of horseshit . he slump a bit . tulip look up , strike by a think . tulip jesse , why do not we just get the hell out of this madness , right now ? just run for it - you use that power you have get to order anyone who mess with we out of we way , and we keep go and do not stop ' till we be far away from Texas . jesse ( smile sadly ) tulip ... I like Texas . a ' I be through runnin’ . @ her face fall a bit . {continued} 67 . 99 continued : ( 4 ) $ 9 '' rasse tt sure be temptin ' to do what you be sayin’ , but I can not . a thing like I get , bein 's able to make people do stuff against they will ~ that be not the kind of thing you can take lightly . I mean , you see what I just do to cassidy ? that be wrong . what right have I get to tell he what to do ? you get the power of God , you get to use it right . tulip but he fuck kill the guy ... jesse guy try to kill he . you tellin’ I if some son of a bitch try that with you , you would not blow ‘em away with that cannon you get in you purse ? tulip yeah , I know , but ~ Jesus , you see what he do ! he 's a fuck monster , jesse ! jesse oh hell , I be already regrettin ' sayin’ that to he . " abomination " ... I never stand in judgement like that on a fella before ... tulip T think you have a excuse ! jesse maybe so . but I can not just walk away from this now . an’ I would like to think I can still face down the bad guy an’ find out what 's be do to I without becomin’ some kinda all - out shitheel . a moment pass as she sadly study he . tulip oh , jesse . you and you goddamn pride. eo ( pause ) and that 's just it , be not it ? maybe I be the biggest idiot in the world , ( more } ( continued ) 39 100 66 . continued : ( 5 } 99 tulip ( cont 'd ) or maybe I be just a sucker for punishment ... but guy who back down when trouble come along , who eat shit all the time and learn to like it = you can find they anytime you want . but a crazy , hard - head John Wayne son of a bitch like you - you only come along once in a lifetime . that surprise hima little . she move closer , smile , obviously about to kiss he . tulip you know what I think ? jesse ( take aback ) after everything I do to you - she put a finger to he lip . tulip I think we be stick with each other , tough guy . they kiss for a long time , then break off to look at each other , both smile . then they kiss again and slowly descend towards the bed . int . hugo' house ~ night 100 the tv screen - which be not turn on . we move slowly behind it , look over it to see Hugo and arseface sit on the couch , watch the tv . both have bottle of bud . Hugo fume quietly , bitter as hell . arseface ( sure wish we could afford to get the tv fix , dad ! ) no response from Hugo . arseface bang on , oblivious to he dad 's silent hatred . arseface ( must be real exciting be sheriff ! Boy , I wish I could come along on one of you case ! you think I could be you deputy one day , dad ? ) Hugo 's so uptight he look like he could crack nut with he asshole . the bottle start to shake in he hand . {continued ) 100 101 69 . continued : 100 arseface ( Father and son lawmen ! I watch you back ! what a team we would be , huh ? ) the phone ring - barely a squeak come from it before Hugo snatch it up . hugo Hugo root here ! int . meeker' car - night 101 meeker be drive , talk on the radio . dinning sit beside he . meeker it 's meeker , Hugo , I be not interruptin ' anything , be I ? dinning crack up . meeker just smile . hugo ( 0.s. ) ( over radio ) meeker , you be not interruptin ' fuckin ' shit . you make that cali to Washington like I tell you ? meeker top of my list , Hugo , top of my list . listen , we have word of a shoot out at the ten-ten . from the sound of thing , you perp from the roadblock just might be involved . hugo ( 0.8 . ) ( over radio ) the preacher ? , meeker uh-uh , the other one . the , uh , gunfighter , I think you describe he . but we do get a positive i.d. on reverend custer earlier on tonight . anyhow , I an’ detective dinning be on we way out to the ten-ten right now . think you might wanna join we . 102 103 104 70 . int . hugo 's house - night 102 Hugo be still on the phone , grim . over he shoulder we can see arseface watch and listen , fascinate . hugo damn right I do , but what about the preacher ? he 's the son of a bitch disarm we an’ leave we at that other bastard ' 's mercy in the first place ! ( pause ) oh , you do not ? well , you go ahead a ' rush right on over to the ten - ten : I be gonna stop by the rattler a ' do some 's real investigatin’ . I keep tellin ' you there 's more to this shit than you think , an’ that custer ' 's the key to all of it . ( pause ) because it 's fuckin ' obvious , be why . an’ you would know it too if you be not sittin’ there sneerin ' at I with that faggot dinning . I can hear he there , laughin ' at I . you tell he fuck you . ( pause ) then fuck you too , meeker . I be gonna find custer a ' blow this whole fuckin’ thing wide open . I be gonna have they fuck up in Washington good a ' tight by they John thursdays , an’ you know what you be gonna have ? Dick . he slam down the phone . arseface creep out towards we , unnotice by Hugo . ext . hugo rooth house - night 103 Hugo exit the house , slamm the door behind he . he shove he hat on , buckle on he gunbelt , stomp angrily towards he car . int . hugo' car = night 104 Hugo get in . hugo fuck you , meeker . ( continued ) 104 105 106 108 7h , continued : 104 he start she up . hugo I will show you some goddamn law enforcement . ext . hugo' house - night 105 the car speed away . the rear light fade into the night . then , from the gloom at the side of the house , arseface pedal out on a bmx bicycle that 's really far too small for he . leg pump furiously , he race off after Hugo as fast as he can . int . motel bathroom - night 106 jesse and tulip lie in bed , both apparently asleep . they clothes lie all over the place . just a sheet over they . jesse open he eye , dozy for a second . then he turn to tulip , study she for a long moment . he get out of bed and creep to the bathroom . int . motel bathroom - night 107 a small , cramped room with a dim light . letting the sink fill with water , jesse dozily watch himself in the little mirror above the sink . jesse Nice goin’ , custer . you think of anything else you can do to complicate thing even more , you be sure a ' let I know . he lean down , splashes water on he face . he stand straight again , freeze . the image in the mirror be now one of roaring , blaze flame . weird thing be , the light from they be trap within the mirror , do not illuminate the bathroom at all . int . motel room - night 108 tulip wake up , dozy , then register jesse 's not beside she . she sit up , wary . ( continued ) 108 109 110 lll 112 72 . continued : 108 tulip jesse ? int . motel bathroom - night 109 jesse stare , face twisted , completely bewilder . int . mirror / vision 110 the flame blaze away . they seem to go on forever . nothing else be visible . then , centre in shot , we see a small , black object silhouett against the fire . move closer , we realize that it 's two figure lock together , have very violent sex . one be a angelic male , just like the one whose face we glimpse when jesse be possess by Genesis . he have vast white wing , golden hair , big muscle , and no clothes . he hold he partner by the throat , roaring in agony and anger . the other be the same demon female we see during jesse 's possession ~ huge curve horn , cloven hoof , shiny , jet -black body , claw hand and big fang . she have she leg wrap around the angel 's waist as they hump away like crazy . she tear she claw down he back , spray blood across he wing , and bite chunks of flesh from he chest . int . motel bathroom - night lili jesse continue to stare , jaw suddenly drop at what he see . int , mirror / vision 112 the two figure , still lock together , soar upwards until they be high over the flame , both scream in ecstasy now . the fire be far below they , and then disappear from view as they emerge into a beautiful skyscape of roll white and silver cloud and sparkling sunlight . the angel and demon become more gentle , halding each other , look into each other 's eye . 113 73. int . motel bathroom - night 113 the door open and tulip come in , puzzle , hold a sheet around she , jesse continue to stare into the mirror , rivete . tulip jesse ? she move beside he , look past he . all she see be they reflection . she look curiously at jesse , who 's still gape into the mirror in disbelief , face twisted . tulip yeah ... well ... you certainly be hideous . I be surprised you Mom do not sell you to the circus , jesse ! jesse ( snap out of it ) huh ? tulip be you okay ? what the hell be you stare in the mirror for ? . jesse ( after a long pause ) . look to I kinda like a angel of the Lord an’ a demon from Hell . Fucking . there 's a even longer pause while tulip take a hard look in the mirror . tulip ( doubtful ) I see ... jesse no , wait a minute , goddamnit . I see they already tonight . both of ‘em . a ' I see ‘em when that fuckin’ thing hit I in the church , just before everybody get fry . I be tellin’ you , tulip : I see they face . ( continued } 113 114 115 74 . continued : / 113 tulip but what do that have to do with angel and demon ? jesse T dunno , but it 's showin’ they to I . it want I to know what they do . it give I this power , the gunfighter 's after I because of it , a ' now this ... tulip and they be really ... do it ? jesse they be fuckin ' each other 's brain out . tulip well , look ... this thing that , I dunno , possess you , for want of a better word - if it 's show you they do that , and you see they when it hit you in church ... well , what if the thing in you head be - jesse ( incredulous ) they child ? they stare at each other for a moment , amaze . then jesse turn away , wary , think hard . ext . truckstop bar - night 114 cassidy exit tulip 's truck and walk quickly towards the door of the ten-ten . he sniff the air again . his face light up and he head on in . dim light from within , but no noise or sign of movement . int . truckstop bar - night 115 cassidy freeze as he enter , face suddenly twist in disbelief . the scene that greet he in the low light of the bar be a nightmare . two dozen body lie on the floor of the bar in a vast lake of dark red blood . all bear the massive , gape wound that the Saint 's gun deliver . severe arm lie here and there . a couple of body be actually headless . Gore be splatter across the wall . tables have be knock ( continued ) 75 . continued : 115 over ~ a sense of panicked rush towards the rear of the room , which no - one quite manage to reach . saint ( 0.8 . ) I know what you be the first time I laid eye on you , boy . cassidy turn , see the Saint stand in the gloom by the bar , look grimly back at he . cassidy be instantly sear , can not help but show it . saint a ' I know a bloodsucker like you would come runnin' , if I be to set the table for you . ( pause ) that thing inside the preacher - that will draw scum like you from mile around . that urge you get to take a look at Texas - be not you wonderin’ where that come from ? cassidy be startle , realize the Saint be right . saint now : I reckon we can make it work the other way around . I reckon you can give that preacher a call a ' he will come runnin’ . cassidy 's eye narrow slowly . he get angry . he point slowly to the carnage on the floor further back . cassidy you kill they to get I here ? the Saint just look back at he . cassidy you fuckin’ dirty bastard ...! d' you think I want any part of this ? d' you think I would sell out jesse custer to a piece of shite like you ? ( angrier ) do you think I be some kind of worthless fuckin ' animal or somethin’ ? saint that 's exactly what I think . cassidy lose it , stride towards the Saint , draw a fist back to strike - but the Saint pull he pistol , fast as ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 76 . 115 lightning , and shove it in cassidy 's face . cassidy freeze , gritting he tooth . cassidy be ... that suppose to scare I or somethin’ ? ' Cause believe I , it would not be the first time I get shot through the head . saint it would be the first time you do not get up again . ( pause ) Saint of killer be what they call I , boy . that name mean anything to you ? cassidy be sweat now , really scared . clearly , he 's hear the name . . saint I think it might . fella do not get as old as you have without hearin’ my name whisper . I leave this world in eighteen eighty - six a ' go to Hell for all the life I would take , a ' when I get there I just go right on killin’ . Hell 's suppose to knock the hate from a sinner 's soul , but all it do for mine be burn it blacker . I butcher my way across perdition an’ damn near emptied it of soul , except the Lord himself come down a ' begge for I to stop . even offer I a job . want I to take over from the goddamn angel of death , who it turn out have no stomach for a eternity of killin’ . he press the gun into cassidy 's chin , tilt he head back . cassidy be shitting himself , too terrify to move . saint but I do . so the angel of death give up he sword , an’ forge I this pair of colt revolver from the steel . you know who I be , boy . you want to take the risk this gun will not work on you ? he cock the pistol . cassidy freeze . a long moment pass . then cassidy crumple , break down . {continued } 116 117 118 72 . continued : ( 3 ) 115 cassidy no ... the Saint keep the pistol on he , nod at a phone on the bar . cassidy shakily back towards it , never take he eye off the pistol . he pick it up , sweat . cassidy there be a motel just down the road from where I leave he . he do not have any transport , okay ? so if I can get the number for the motel - another shove from the Saint , pistol to the nose . cassidy be utterly miserable , wretch . int . motel room - night 116 jesse and tulip be halfway through get dress when the phone ring . they look at it , then at each other , nonpluss . jesse pick up the phone , wary . jesse yeah ...? int . truckstop bar ~- night 117 cassidy on the phone , terrify , with the Saint 's pistol stick in he face . cassidy jesse ! thank fuck ! jesse , it 's I - jesse ( 0.8.} ( over phone ) cassidy ?! int . motel room - night 118 neither jesse nor tulip can believe it . jesse what the fuck be you - cassidy ( o.s. ) ( over phone ) jesse , listen : I have get 4 message I ( more ) ( continued ) 118 119 120 121 78. continued : 118 cassidy ( cont 'd ) have to give to you . I ~ I have not get any choice - int . truckstop bar - night 1ig the Saint push he gun right into cassidy 's face , twist it weirdly . he freeze , then go on . cassidy you have to go back to annville . you will get all the answer you be lookin’ for there . the Saint relax , take he gun off cassidy - who freak a little and seize he chance . cassidy jesse , it 's a trap ! do not fuckin’ go ! it 's that guy , it 's the fuckin' Saint of killer - int . motel room - night 120 jesse grimace as a massive bang sound on the line . he turn to look at tulip , both of they pretty freak out . int . truckstop bar ~ night 121 cassidy lie on the floor , stare up at the ceiling , amaze . slowly he raise he head , look down at he body . a massive hole have be blast in he gut , blood pour from it to pool around he . a shadow fall over he . it 's the Saint , of course , hold he smoking pistol . 's cassidy ( weak ) he will not come now , you bastard . you be fuck . saint he will come . he 's burnin’ up , wantin’ to know what it be that 's happen to he . do not you get any high idea about havin ' he save , boy . ( pause ) you sell he out . {continued ) 79 . 121 continued : 121 cassidy 's face fall , miserable . the Saint cock he pistol , point it right down at we . saint you be just a animal think it 's a man . cassidy ( yell ) no ! the pistol roar and the screen go black . 122 ext . motel cabin - night 122 jesse exit , tucking he shirt in . grim sense of resolve . tulip hurry after he , wary . tulip '' Saint of killer " ? there 's only one guy that can be ... jesse uh-huh . tulip and you be still go to annville ? jesse uh-huh . he stop at a batter pick - up , reach through the half - open window to unlock the door , flip down the sunshade , catch the key as they fall . jesse Nice to see folk be not gettin ' any smarter . tulip I be come with you . jesse what ? now hold on there , honey - tulip hold on hell . I hold on for three fuck year , wonder where you would go and why you do not love I anymore . now I know you never stop I be not gonna waste a single {more ) ( continued } 122 123 124 80 . continued : 122 tulip ( cont 'd ) second I have get with you . I be with you all the way , custer . ( pause ) until the end of the world . jesse { impressed ) goddamn , girl . that just might be where we be head . ext . ROADHOUSE bar - night 123 the rattler have long since close up , all light off . Hugo root prowl the parking lot , scowling at the bar , the ground , the desert - as if by give the world a dirty look he will get the answer he want . his cruiser be park nearby . he rub at some dry blood on the ground with the toe of he boot , then glare offshot , attention catch . look past he we see the motel sign , way off down the road . hugo well , well . game 's a-fuckin' ~foot . int . motel office - night 124 a dingy little office , with a dumb-look night clerk immerse in a porno mag ; the latest issue of anal rampage . judge by he intense concentration , the big word be give he trouble . he look slowly up as Hugo stride in . hugo you there , nosepick . you see anyone lookin’ kinda unusual comin ' in here ? clerk ( after a pause ) well , what would you mean by unusual ? hugo I mean not normal , you asshole . different . clerk ( another pause ) well , could you maybe be more specific ? hugo what be it with you ? you get so many colourful folk stayin 's here , you need I to narrow it down ? ( continued ) 124 continued : 81 . 124 clerk if you could . hugo I swear , you musta leak out of a hole in a goddamn prophylactic . specifically : I be lookin ' for a ugly fella wearin ' sunglass , a stringy beanpole sort have a bitch a ' a asshole dress up like a preacher . Ring any fuckin ' belis ? clerk ( pause ) as @ matter of fact , it do . a Mr. a ' Mrs. Smith check in here about two hour back . ' cept when they leave , Mr. Smith have a reverend 's collar on . an' I guess Mrs. Smith be kinda on the skinny side . hugo fucked if it be not they . when would they check out ? they say where they be head ? clerk ( after a good think ) you just miss ‘em ...uh ... what be the other question ? hugo ( pain ) do they say where they be goin ' ? clerk Heard something about annville . you know , that 's be on tv all day ? they in a lot of trouble , then ? the smith ? hugo well Smith be not they real name , you fuckin ' mongoloid ! clerk hey , I know who you be ! you be sheriff root , with the son 's get a face like a pucker - up asshole ! Jesus , livin ' with a freak like that must be one long endless fuckin ' nightmare - ( continued ) 82 . 124 continued : ( 2 ) 124 2 Hugo turn and smashes he across the face , k.o.ing he instantly . he go down like a heap . hugo ( fume ) I be sheriff Hugo root , the man who take down a renegade preacher and shot a worthless by ~ the- Jesus cop killer full of fuckin ' hole and blow open a goddamn Washington conspiracy so big it make watergate look like a damp bloodfart . you will hear my name again , you worthless son of a bitch . he turn and stomp out . 125 int . meeker be car - night 125 meeker and dinning freeze as they hear ... hugo ( 0.s. ) ( over radio ) this here be Hugo root . all unit in eo the vicinity to converge on annville . I repeat , all unit make you way to annville immediately . this thing be goin ' down a ' that 's the town it 's gonna happen in . get I tactical . abandon the roadblock . get everybody out a ' get ‘em over there : now . meeker shit! 126 ext . desert road - night 126 the cruiser skid through a 180 , then roar off in the direction it come from . 127 int . hugo' car - night 127 Hugo hang up the radio , glare out over the wheel at the night beyond . full of curdle , evil hatred , a man anticipate he chance to wreak cruel , violent revenge on the world , 129 130 131 132 83. int . stolen truck - night 128 tulip check she pistol , then put it back on she purse , she turn to look warily at jesse . he sit well back , eye lock on the road . whatever else he 's feel , he be not scared . ext . stolen truck - night 129 the truck race on down the road ' till all we see be its tail light . ext , desert - night * 130 at first all we see be pitch black night - then the Saint stride out of it , cold as ice . he pass we without a glance , and we be leave with nothing but night again . ext . truckstop bar - night 131 silence . the ten - ten sign flicker , then go out . int . truckstop bar - night 132 cassidy lie on the floor , shattered , apparently dead . the hole in he gut have be match by another in he chest - a meaty crater with blood , gore and bit of rib hang out , right where he heart use to be . mouth wide open . we move closer until he face fill the shot . no movement . then , very slowly , he jaw shift a little . casstdy uh ...? he grit he tooth as he realize what 's up . cassidy ( weak ) aw no. ( pause ) I be sorry , jesse . I just do not have the ball . an’ there 's nothing I can do ... his head slump to the side , beat . {continued ) 133 84 . continued : 132 we look at he past the edge of the vast lake of blood from the Saint 's earlier victim . it 's get pretty dark and gooey now . he notice it , face slowly twist as he think . cassidy oh fuck . oh fuckin’ Jesus . he stare at the ceiling again , miserable , a little revolt . cassidy why I ? steeling himself for the effort , he grit he tooth and roll slowly over to he belly , grab for purchase with a very weak arm . he yell in agony . then , gasp and sweat with the pain and exertion , he raise he head to look at the lake of gore and shattered body ... and we fade to black . we fade back in on a smear of rib , gut and blood on the floor of the bar . we move along it as it become a trail , end in cassidy - he 's haul himself along the floor and be now lap hungrily at the lake of blood on the floor . he raise he head , dribble gooey blood everywhere , look weakly at the various body . he 's gasp . cassidy sorry , folk . cassidy go back to slurping up the blood , panting as he try to breath and drink at the same time . he get more and more frenzied , guzzle the stuff faster and faster , until he throw he head back and gasp out a long sigh of satisfaction . smear with dark red blood , hair matte with it , he lock like hell . he get slowly to he foot , stagger a bit , catch himself on the bar . he wipe he mouth , still out of breath . cassidy better and ' fuckin ' spinach . then he turn and stagger towards the door , shaky , nowhere near at full strength . ext . annville STREET ~ night 133 a flurry of activity . cruiser be arrive from all over , light flash . cop , deputy , state trooper , even swat {continued } 133 134 85 . continued : 133 guy run to and for , take cover behind car , house , anywhere they can find . citizen be bundle from they home , escort to safety behind the various building . much prepping of weapon . annville be be turn into a giant trap . sheriff ( 0.s. ) ( over bullhorn ) all civilian be to be evacuate , I vepeat , evacuate to a place of safety . please go with the officer , folk . we be expectin’ some bad guy here tonight , a ' we do not want you people gettin ' hurt in the shootin’ . a harass look sheriff stand behind a cruiser that 's be park across the middle of the street . deputy aim m1y acress the hood and trunk . a third deputy confer with the sheriff . all around they , the preparation continue . sheriff ( over bullhorn ) come on now , shake the lead out ! I do not know how much time we get , but let 's make sure we be ready for this son of bitch ! {aside , to deputy ) what ?! deputy still can not raise Hugo root , boss . sheriff goddamnit , where the hell be he ? he start this damn thing - least he could do be show up to tell we who the hell to shoot at ! int . meeker' car - night 134 meeker be on the radio , piss off . dinning look sceptical , meeker well where the hell be he , then ? dispatcher ( 0.s. ) {over radio ) sheriff root 's not respond , sheriff meeker . we think he 's go off the air . meeker angrily dump the radio on the floor . ( continued } 134 135 86 . continued : . 134 meeker go off the air , that crazy fucker 's go off the goddamn planet . this be exactly the bloodbath he 's be waitin’ for - this be he revenge on the rest of we for havin ' normal life ... dinning what d' you mean ? meeker that fuckin' Hugo . I swear , just ' cause he 's get a son look like frankenstein an’ a two -inch pecker , he 's gotta take it out on the whole goddamn world . dinning a two-inch - meeker nregrette it ) I use to fuck he wife . ext . annville MAIN STREET ~ night 135 quieter now . the lawmen have take up position behind they ear , in the storefront , along the top of the building . nearly fifty guy , lot of firepower . the sheriff and three deputy still wait behind the car in the middle of the street . the sheriff have a pistol in one hand , the builhorn in the other . sheriff nothin’ . an’ still no sign of Hugo , look past they , we can see right down the main street and out into the desert night beyond . pretty quiet , but very tense . sheriff ( turn ) shit . Hand I out that goddamn radio- deputy { 0.8 . ) ( over radio ) I think we get something ' ! 137 87 . ext . annville MAIN STREET - night 236 sudden agitation among the cop as they cock they gun , get ready to open up . all very tense . the sheriff 's eye narrow , amaze . sheriff Jesus Christ ... the Saint enter town , walk up the middle of the main street . he do not bother to even look at the cop . the sheriff snap out of it , grab the bullhorn . the deputy beside he be shaky as hell . deputy who the fuck be that ? sheriff that 's the son of a bitch off the a.p.b . the fuckin ' cop killer . ( over bullhorn ) you hold it right there , you asshole . we be gonna give you one chance to give yourself up - the Saint draw and fire once , fast as lightning , still move coolly ahead . no emotion . the bullet smashes into the side cf the sheriff 's car , blow a hole in the pan just above the gas ' tank . sheriff fuck - barely a instant later the car explode in a flaring blast , the bodywork separate and fly high into the air , the wheel shoot out to the side . the lawmen disappear in the explosion . 's then there 's a dull thud as half the sheriff 's blacken torso and head land in the dirt . that do it . all the cop in town open fire at once . ext . annville - night 137 Hugo 's cruiser skid to a stop , the fireball from the explode car in town reflect in its windscreen . multiple {continued } 137 138 88 . continued ; 137 gunshot be hear . Hugo exit the car , stare at we , freak . ext . annville MAIN STREET - night 138 the cop be give it maximum : revolver , automatics , mly , scope rifle , shotgun , even a few smg the swat boy bring along . we move along the street from group to group - deputy behind car , marksman on the rooftop . dozen upon dozen of shell casing rattle down on the street . most of this actually miss the Saint , ploughing up the ground around he , kick dust high into the air . enough be hit he to stagger he , knock he back . at one point he almost disappear in gunsmoke . then he bring both pistol up and fire . one of the swat marksman be hit , he head explode all over he startle comrade . the second bullet plough into a shotgun hold by a deputy and the weapon 's shell detonate , blow the gun apart in he hand . he and the four guy around he be shred by buckshot , very messy . the cop pause for a second , stare . the Saint , of course , be still stand . he wait a second , then fire again . one cop be flung backwards off a rooftop , great be of blood fly up . another be smashed through a storefront window in a spray of shattered glass . several cop resume fire , but most can only stare . the Saint be hit repeatedly , even as he return fire . more cop fire back at he , but several more break and run like hell . one deputy cower in a cruiser , squealing into the radio . he wince as another guy 's bloody corpse be smashed against the car . deputy Jesus Christ ! sheriff root , please respond ! sheriff root , we have you suspect in sight ! ( scream ) he 's fuck kill every one of we ! ( continued ) 138 a9 . continued : 138 a gunshot ~ then the window beside he shatter and the window nearer we be instantly paint dark red with blood . the car rock on its suspension , the Saint continue he advance , now a bit rag - miss chunks of meat from he chest , hole in he hat and clothes , but still just grim , unworry . he cease fire , then point one gun off to the side without bother to look . he 's level with the town gas station , level with one of the pump . he fire . the bullet smack into one of the pump . several cop stare in amazement , rivete . he cock the gun , fire again , still not stop , still not aim , walk right at we . the bullet spark against the pump , ignite the rush gasoline . he cock the gun again . the cop gape . a couple run , but most be transfix . the Saint 's eye be full of hate , total commitment , not waver for a instant . the gun in he hand , fire . the pump explode . pull way back as , second later , the whole gas station go up teo . a vast , flaring explosion of burn fuel . the Saint be glimpse for a second , then the explosion reach out and he disappear in the flame . the cop stare , face light by the flame . they they start to break and run . behind they , the fireball rise higher , white and orange , flaring . blaze fire begin to rain down on the run cop . shout and scream . the building be hit too , catch fire . several cop run around on fire , scream in horror , die in agony . the Saint appear out of the fire , a silhouette at first . he 's one fire himself , back and shoulder burn . he resume fire , cut down cop as they run . ( continued ) 138 139 30 . continued : ( 2 ) 438 he walk right towards we , and we can see he expression be still unchange , as if nothing have happen . ext . annville - night 139 the batter pick - up pull out and jesse and tulip exit , gape at the burn town . distant scream and gunshot can be make out . tulip you think it 's he ? jesse it 's he m.q. View from behind they , with annville burn away . then we move in fast on jesse . at the last second he start to turn - and be smashed in the head with a 45 automatic . he grunt and drop like a stone . it 's Hugo . hugo say hello to justice , you godfearin ' fuck . tulip freak and go for she pistol , but only have it half - way out of she purse when Hugo lean across the top of the truck and point he gun in she face . hugo . go on an’ take it outta there , whore . put it on the truck a ' back away . slowly , she comply , very wary , totally aware of the delicacy of she situation . , hugo that 's a good little beave . he knock she pistol off the truck ~ on he side . his face twist , mean . hugo look like I get I one of this weird fuckin ' by - the - Jesus f.b.i. cocksucker . reckon I will take a walk into town an’ fetch out the other one . ( take out handcuffs ) ( more ) {continued } 139 $ 1. continued : 139 hugo ( cont 'd ) but first I want you in iron , you scrawny little bitch . tulip ( scared but determine ) fuck yout Hugo be about the move for she when jesse raise he head , gritting he tooth , the cut on he temple bleed nastily . Hugo notice . jesse Son of a bitch - hugo goddamn . he put he boot on jesse 's head and stomp he face first into the dirt . jesse grunt , lie still . hugo you just lay there , boy . do not want you givin ' any more crazy fuckin‘ order . he turn back to tulip , only to find she 's go . hugo shit ! he search the area , peer into the night ~ then relax . tulip be run hell for leather towards annville , unfortunately silhouett against the flame . Hugo smile nastily , take careful aim . hugo shoulda do like daddy tell you , eunt - he suddenly scream in agony , a highopitch shriek , and the gun go off into the sky with a huge bang . then he drop it . jesse , still on the ground , be grimace hatefully and clutching Hugo by the ball , squeezing for all he 's worth . Hugo keep scream . 140 141 142 92 . ext . annville MAIN STREET - night 140 tulip reach the outskirt of town , still a bit freak out , try to catch she breath after she mad dash to get away from Hugo . she turn the corner into the main street , to be greet by a scene of blaze destruction . the building be on fire , the street be litter with corpse . her eye narrow as she peer into the distance . down at the other end of the street , we can just make out the Saint finish off the last of the cop . one guy fall to he knee . the Saint put he pistol to the guy 's head . tulip 's eye widen . the gun roar and the guy fall back dead , all in silhouette . tulip dodge back round the corner , flatten herself against the wall , freak . tulip oh Christ . ext . annville - night 142 Hugo be flip right round on the end of jesse 's right hook , grunt with pain . a bad beat follow . jesse punch Hugo five time in the face to knock he back , once in the gut to bend he over , knee he in the face to snap he head back and then hook a hard leave into he chin to send he fly back against the truck . all this in slightly over ten second . ext . annville MAIN STREET = night 142 tulip grimace as more gunshot sound from offshot . she risk a peek round the corner again . no sign of the Saint . just the fire and the scattered body . her eye narrow . lot of gun on the street too , holster or otherwise . {continued ) 93 . 142 continued : 142 * tulip hesitates , then steel herself and scurries out onto the street . 143 ext . annville ~ night 143 Hugo 's pulped face come through the truck window at we in a spray of break glass . jesse haul he back out again , snarl hatefully into he face . Hugo barely know what planet he 's on . jesse you watch you goddamn mouth when you talk about she . 144 ext . annville MAIN STREET ~ night 144 lit by the flicker flame , tulip move from body to body , collect gun . she stuff two automatics down the back of she jeans , shove a revolver into she jacket , another automatic in the front of she jeans . she 's just pick up a gleam silver 357 magnum when she stop , realize the shoot and scream have stop . e all she can hear be the flame . she look up . the Saint stand watch she , pistol holster , emotionless . maybe twenty foot away . 145 ext . annville - night . 145 Hugo be still conscious , just about , spitting blood , gasp hate . jesse hold he up by the collar . hugo I know what you be , you son of a bitch ... you be a goddamn Washington secret fuckin’ weapon ... they grow you in some kinda genetic by - the - Jesus laboratory ... jesse what the fuck be you talkin’ about ? behind he back , Hugo 's hand fumble in he belt , pull something out . his face twist , hateful . e sco you little bastard . ( continued } 145 146 147 94 . continued : 145 a switchblade snap open in Hugo 's hand . hugo I get you ass . jesse 's face go dangerously cold . his eye slowly narrow . jesse ( word of God ) fuck yourself . Hugo 's eye bulge in horror and terror . ext . annville + STREET 146 tulip stand face the Saint . he have not move yet . the last gun she pick up be not immediately visible . the Saint watch she , calm . tulip 's eye be wide . she clamp she mouth shut , fight panic . saint you be the preacher 's woman , be not you ? I guess that mean he make the party . you call he on in here an’ we will have a end to this . tulip what ... what be you go to do - to he ...? saint what I do . tulip freeze - then the fear leave she face . cold fury take over . she bring the 357 up at we , fire . the bullet smashes into the Saint 's eyeball , which burst in a spray of blood and jelly . he clamp a hand to it , stagger round - and roar a hateful yell of fury and pain . ext . annville - night 147 jesse run like hell for annville , anxious . jesse tulip ! Jesus fuckin' Christ ! tulip ? {continued ) 147 148 95 . continued : 147 then more gunshot sound from the town . jesse double he pace . ext . annville MAIN STREET - night 148 tulip advance on the Saint , blast away with revolver and automatic , the 357 now discard . he 's bent over , staggering along the street , hand to he face . blood pour out between the finger . each bullet knock he a step further , and tulip be really pour it on . a wild scene - light by the fire , the diminutive girl shoot the hell out of the giant gunfighter . the gun in she hand click as they run out . she drop they and smoothly pull the two automatics from the back of she jeans , resume fire . the Saint 's hat fly off . bullet smack into he head and shoulder . tulip 's face be set - scared , but refuse to panic . total determination . she keep fire . the Saint go down on one knee , strike repeatedly in the head . he hold one hand up as if to stop she . a bullet punch through it . one hand still over he eye he roar again . tulip keep fire , grit she tooth . the Saint be hold himself up with he ruin hand . tulip keep fire . there 's a click as one of the gun lock dry . she drop it , take careful aim with the other , fire . the Saint start to crumple . tulip fire again . the Saint fall . the gun lock dry with a loud click . the Saint catch himself . horrify , tulip lower the useless gun . the Saint take a moment , breathes deep . then he slowly cise from the half crouch she force he into , turn to face she . tulip can only stare , petrify . ( continued ) 148 96 . continued : 148 the Saint take the hand away from he face , revealing the butcher , drip , empty eye socket . tulip be ready to faint . the Saint grimace , then roar again . saint preacher !!! jesse charge round the corner into the main street and stop dead , stare in horror . the Saint have one of he pistol press against tulip 's head . his lip curl , surly . tulip be freeze . both be look at jesse . he freak . jesse tulip -! saint ( cock the gun ) not one more word or she go to meet she maker . you be a dead man , but she can still get out of this alive . jesse clamp he mouth shut . saint now you come on in here , preacher . tulip jesse , do not ! get out of here ! run ! jesse walk forward ' till he 's about ten foot from the Saint . jesse ( quiet ) never again , baby . she stare at he , horrify . the Saint turn the gun on jesse , take aim . tulip freak . tulip you can not just kill he ! you say he could find the answer here ! he 's get a right to know what the hell it be that happen to he ! ( continued ) 148 97 , continued : ( 2 ) 148 the Saint look at she , thoughtful . then he expression harden . and he look at jesse again . jesse return he glare , unafraid . saint I be not get no answer . I do not know why he 's the one that 's get to die . I do not know why that damn thing choose he out of all the million that it could have . the one who send I , they be the one who know . you want answer , preacher ? ask the angel . ( indicate the gun } all I get be this . tulip ( break down ) it be not fair ! I love he , and you be just gonna shoot he in the street ! you rotten son of a Ditch , you have get a fuck gun ! the Saint 's eye narrow , mildly irritate . saint .«.. come to that , he have he goddamn power . he coulda tell I to blow my own head off , or just keep waixin’ ' till I reach the moon , or anything he damn well pleased . just so happen I be quick . jesse think hard . the Saint glare back at he , a challenging look , like : well ? jesse come to a decision , nod slowly . then , keep he eye lock on the Saint 's , he take he jacket off , loosen he collar . tulip 's eye pop . the Saint nod , grim . saint make no odd to I how you die , boy . but you get some sand , I will say that . tulip for Christ 's sake ! ( continued ) 148 149 150 151 152 98 . continued : ( 3 ) 148 jesse glance sadly at she , then roll up he sleeve . saint know this , preacher : I see you lip twitch - I hear one single syllable of a single word ~ we be gonna find out if you can talk faster 'o I can pull the pistol . the Saint nod to tulip . saint a ' I guarantee you will go to Hell knowin ' she 's leave here with I . jesse nod again , spit on he hand , grimace angrily and wade right in int . meeker' car - night 149 meeker peer into the rear view , squinting . dinning how far to annville ? meeker five minute at most ... who the hell be that ? a pair of headlight fill the rear-view with flaring light . ext . desert road - night 150 tulip 's pick - up come roaring up behind the cruiser , weaving to overtake . int . tulip' pick - up - night isl cassidy spit blood , snarl angrily as he drive . he drip blood everywhere . very pale . cassidy get out have the fuckin ' way , you bollock ! int . meeker' cruiser - night 152 meeker snarl as the pick - up draw alongside . he weave to block its path . ( continued ) 99 . 182 continued : 152 meeker crazy son of a bitch ! they get a glimpse of cassidy , yell angrily at they , gesture for they to clear the way . dinning want we to let he through ! meeker fuck he . ( point to side of the road ) pull over , you asshole ! pull over now ! 153 int . tulip' pick - up ~ night 153 cassidy sneer , jerk the wheel hard over . 154 ext . desert road - night 154 the pick - up smashes hard into the cruiser , knock it clean off the road . it spin a couple of time , career onwards . 185 int . meeker n's cruiser - night 155 dinning hang on for dear life as meeker struggle desperately to regain control of the cruiser . 156 ext . desert - night 156 the cruiser crash into a creek bed , turn on its side as it slide along , then smash into a rocky outcrop and stop . the wheel spin , the engine howl . then silence . : dinning ( 0.s. ) guess this one 's all Hugo 's ... meeker ( 0 .$ . ) he fuckin ' deserve it . 157 . int . tulip' pick - up - night 157 cassidy hold on , jesse ! the cavalry 's comin 's ! 158 159 100 , e&t . desert road - night 158 tne pick - up race on down the road . ext . annville MAIN stree ? - night 159 jesse crash to the ground with sicken force . the Saint , who just hit he , be stand a good twenty foot away . tulip watch , horrify . jesse get to he foot as he opponent advance , just in time to punch the Saint in the jaw . no effect . another one . no effect . a fast combination : right , leave , right , leave , right to the gut , leave to the gut , haymaker across the face . no effect . the Saint backhand he across the face , smashes he against a burn police cruiser . jesse stagger , spit blood , stay on he foot . they face each other for a moment , jesse hateful and defiant , the Saint just grim . the Saint come at he again . jesse get in a couple of ( useless ) punch , then dodge just in time and the Saint punch he fist through the cruiser ' 's roof . jesse karate chop he in the throat , roll backwards across the car 's hood , kick the Saint in the face as he go . the Saint be actually staggered a bit . jesse land on be foot , weave in again . : he run right into the Saint 's hand , which clamp down on he hair , yanking he head back . the Saint then haul he right rough and send he fly through a picket fence , shatter the board . jesse crawl in the wreckage of the fence , try to get it together . the Saint be come up behind . tulip jesse ! just as the Saint bend down to seize hold of he , jesse whip round and bashes the bastard across the face with a length of two - by- four from the fence . the Saint stand upright . jesse squint up at he . ( continued ) 159 101 . continued : 159 the Saint stand with the board hang bizarrely from he cheek with no visible mean of support for it . it 's just there . totally unperturb , he take hold of the board with no more effort than if he be brush off a fly . he look right at we . jesse stare , grimace . the Saint pull the board away from he face and we see what be hold it there : two four-inch nail , now ooze red blood as they leave the wound . still cool as you like , the Saint drop the board to the side . saint kinda different . then he face darken and he seize jesse , haul he up , and start slapping the shit out of he . jesse take about six backhander , spit blood all over the place . the Saint fling he backwards and he crash to the ground , a wreck . he lie still for a moment . tulip 's face fall , distraught . this look like it . the Saint sneer a little , pull he coat back from he holster , prepare to draw . then jesse get up . very slowly . spit out a tooth . face the Saint . smile darkly . . even the Saint be a bit surprised , but only for a second . then he face darken again , and they close for more . tulip be amaze , then remember - tulip go for he eye ! jesse duck a huge haymaker , then stab upwards with middle and index finger , jam they right into the Saint 's gory , ruin eye socket . the Saint roar in agony , thrashes wildly , but jesse keep the finger in there and twist and grind like mad , put all the strength he 's get into it . the Saint , furious , grab jesse 's arm and slowly pull the finger from he eye . jesse strain like mad , but the Saint be too strong . then the Saint deck he with a horribly hard right and jesse hit the ground unconscious . ( continued } 159 160 161 162 163 102 . continued : ( 2 ) 159 silence for a minute . tulip be so appal she look ready to be sick . the Saint look down at jesse . then he begin draw he gun . saint be not worth it , boy . never woulda make a goddamn bit of difference . suddenly the little tableau be flood with light . the Saint turn to see a pair of headlight bear down on he . it turn out to be a rapidly close pick - up truck , engine roaring . the Saint 's eye narrow . tulip stare , jesse raise he head to look , bewilder . int . tulip' pick - up truck - night 160 cassidy brace himself , grit he tooth , furious . cassidy you ! ext . annville MAIN STREET - night ié6l harshly light by the headlight , the Saint grimace angrily , plant he foot hard on the ground , throw he shoulder back and brace himself for the impact ( jesse should not be lie in the truck 's path , of course ) . the Saint fume and hate , totally unafraid . int . tulip n's pick - up truck ~ night 162 cassidy ( scream like a madman ) yer ma 's a hooer !!! ext . annville MAIN STREET ~ night 163 massive impact , huge crunch as the pick - up plough into the Saint of killer , stop dead as it hit he , and cassidy be flung through the windscreen and past the Saint in a spray of fly glass . ( continued ) 163 103 . continued : 163 he sail through the air . a moment 's silence . tulip 's gaze follow the arc of he fall . he crash to the ground in a horribly hard impact , ploughing up the dirt . yell in agony , then go silent . jesse turn painfully towards he . cassidy raise he head , turn towards jesse with a face full of break glass . smile weakly . cassidy you be rescue . jesse 's eye widen . then he slowly turn back to the Saint . tulip turn to look that way too . the truck have roll back a couple of foot , a wreck . both wheel have come off at the front . the engine block and panel be bent up off the chassis . the hood be go . the windscreen be shattered . steam hiss from the engine . a large , foot - deep dent be dig into the fender and grille - the engine itself have bent around the impact . the Saint stand unmove , rock solid , stare at we with a piss - off glare . the hood of the truck be embed in he stomach . he take a couple of deep breath , yank the hood from he gut and fling it away . his face set hard in a grimace of pure hatred , saint right . he start to draw he pistol . jesse 's hand whip past the Saint 's coat from behind , draw the second pistol . the Saint turn , furious and amaze , and freeze . the batter jesse stand glaring at he , press the second pistol into the Saint 's throat , push he head back . the Saint have draw the first gun , but it 's obvious he will never bring it up in time . he can not believe this be happen , furious at jesse and himself . jesse you draw first . ( continued } 163 104 , continued : ( 2 ) 163 piss off , batter , but full of savage triumph , jesse cock the pistol with a loud click , the Saint 's eye widen , furious . jesse T do not say a goddamn word . he fire and blow the Saint 's brain clean out through the top of he head . the Saint stagger back . jesse watch , eye narrow , grim . the Saint glare back , top of he head go . we can see through the empty eye socket and out the back of he head . he 's as grim and mean as ever . saint the hell with you . then he drop to he knee and fall dead at jesse 's foot . jesse turn away , drop the pistol , start walk towards we . tulip grab he and the two embrace , hold each other as tight as they can for a long moment . they kiss . eventually tulip break it , stare up at he in amazement . jesse grin back . tulip you be crazy . you be totally fuck crazy . he could have rip you in half . jesse well ... there be a couple of time , I gotta admit , he maybe have I a . Little worried . tulip ( grin ) come here ! they kiss again , against the blaze inferno that use to be annville . cassidy be try to get up , but be so weak he 's only manage to get as far as he hand and knee . he struggle , but seem beat . then he realize that someone be hold a hand out to he . ( continued } 163 105 . continued : ( 3 } 163 it 's jesse . he stand with he hand out , serious . tulip stand behind he , watch cassidy warily . cassidy look at the hand , not sure what to make of it . then he tentatively take the hand and jesse pull he to he foot . he stand , rather unsteady . jesse glance over cassidy 's hideous wound . the two man face each other . jesse what I say to you , back at the bar . I be wrong . I apologize . cassidy jesse ... I be the one should be apologizin ' . I sell you out . I nearly get you kill . jesse but you set thing right . cassidy be quietly stunne . then he reach out he hand . jesse take it and they shake . tulip be lean on jesse 's shoulder . tulip I still think you be a prick . they both turn to she . tulip ( smile ) but a nice prick . they both grin . all three turn to survey the destruction . annville be on fire from one end to the other , and the street be litter with dead cop . cassidy Jesus . quite a party , eh ? jesse quite a party . tulip at least you get that bastard , the Saint 's body lie in the street . ( continued } 163 106 . continued : ( 4 ) 163 jesse 's eye narrow . jesse no ... tulip be curious . jesse no I do not . they're both curious as jesse think to himself . jesse it be not he that cause this . he be just a goddamn errand boy . tulip what be you talk about ? jesse he say it be the one who send he , remember ? he say if you want answer . , .ask the angel . he turn and yell angrily into the night sky . jesse you bunch of asshole ! you get you ass down here now ! you get a lot of shit to answer for ! tulip and cassidy look at each other , bewilder . jesse it be you do this to I ! you let that murderin ' son of a bitch loose to hunt I down ! you be the one cause all this fuckin’ slaughter ! ( quieter , fume ) you , know what I can do with this goddamn power I get . you motherfucker start talkin’ to I now - or you will not believe the shit that T will do next . sudden silence . the flame die away . then the whole place be bath in incredible , otherworldy white light . tulip and cassidy cover they eye , but jesse stare right into the light . ( continued ) 163 107 . continued : ( 5 ) 163 a huge figure form above the town , a beautiful angel that glow with golden light , wing spread wide . it spread out its arm , raise its face to the sky . tulip and cassidy be freak . jesse just look suspicious . angel ( 0.s. ) then behold , o mortal : the glory of the heavenly host . jesse is not remotely impressed . he light a cigarette , flip the Zippo shut , look up again . jesse cut the shit . the radiance fade . the angel figure disappear . stand in front of jesse be a slim - feature guy in a white suit ~ a real - life angel , he look a bit uncomfortable , like a p.r . guy who have not do he homework . angel er ... tulip and cassidy be totally freak . jesse sneer a bit . jesse what the fuck be you suppose to be ? angel I be a angel of the Lord , jesse then you get a lot of explainin ' to do . May as well get start . {word of God ) a 's do not you leave out a fuckin ' word . {back to normal ) now what the hell be it that 's happen to I ? angel it 's something that should never have exist . it be bear when a angel , a brother of mine , fall in love with a demon-bitch from Hell ... jesse I see that part . {continued ) 108 . 163 continued : ( 6 ) 163 angel nothing like it have ever happen before . there be a war raging in the realm beyond you world . one side Heaven ~ on the other , Hell . jesse which be not necessarily the same as good an’ evil , right ? angel ( awkward ) ++. that war must never end . angel and demon should never meet in anything but battle . and yet it happen anyway . we catch the lover not long after the birth , and have the Saint of killer gun they down - but they offspring prove quite indestructible . he keep talk , face now melt into a shot of the roll silver cloud of Heaven as see in jesse 's mirror vision . angel we shut it away in a corner of Heaven . it be neither good nor evil . it be something new , a combination of they both . we call it Genesis . now he 's melt into a series of previous scéne - Genesis rip through Earth 's atmosphere , hit the annville church , possess jesse , destroy the congregation . angel it have no intelligence beyond a basic sentience . it escape from Heaven , seek a host - someone who could acton its behalf , who could use its power ... someone who could speak for it . he look pointedly at jesse , who 's deep in think . jesse what do it want ? angel it do not want . it be what happen when good meet evil . it be a idea . it be a power for you to decide what to do with . ( continued ) 163 164 265 109 . continued : ( 7 ) 163 jesse an’ why I , exactly ? angel that I do not know . have you do anything that might attract it ? jesse think about it ... int . annville church - day 164 flashback to jesse scream at he congregation . jesse give I a sign ! give I some incontrovertible proof that the almighty be not get his head shove firmly up his ass ! ext . annville MAIN STREET - night 165 jesse consider . jesse might have do . angel it need a home , that be all . but now , listen to I . and understand . we can not let a power as strong 'as this run loose on Earth . we must return the entity to Heaven , and lock it in the dark forever . submit to we - let we sever its bond with you soul - and you may go in peace . jesse the. fuck I will . angel ( panicky ) you do not know what you be say ! I promise you that you will go free ! I give you my word ! jesse you word be not worth dogshit on a hot afternoon . you set the Saint of killer on I , an’ now he 's fuck up you think I be just gonna give myself up like nothin’ happen ? fuck ( more ) ( continued ) 165 continued : jesse , tulip 110 . 165 jesse ( cont 'd ) you ... no , I think there 's more to this that you be not sayin’ . like how come God allow this to happen , a thing bein ' bear that never shoulda ? how come he do not stop it himself ? angel {on he knee , terrify ) oh not oh please do not make I tell ! I will be destroy for this ! in Jesus 's name , have mercy ! jesse every . last. Word . angel ( break down ) the Lord God be go . and cassidy freeze . a moment pass . jesse ai not quite the answer I expect . what the fuck do you mean , he 's go ? angel I mean he quit . when Genesis be bear he leave he throne in Heaven . he say he would go and live among the mortal . here on earth . jesse how can God quit ? how can the world keep goin ' ? cassidy I dunno , I have not notice that much difference . maybe we just do not need the fucker . jesse think about that , turn back to the shaky - look angel , shrewdly raise a eye - well ? angel humanity be not suppose to know ... jesse well they be gonna find out pretty fuck guickly , believe I . I be gomna see to it , angel operk up ) but how will you tell they ? why ( more ) {continued ) continued : fll . ( 2 ) 165 angel ( cont 'd ) should he flock believe he have desert they ? why should the atheist believe he be go , when they never believe he be there in the first place ? how do you convince people that you be tell the truth ? ( press he advantage ) remember the good folk of annville ... reverend custer ...? jesse be stump for a minute . then he eye narrow again and a nasty smile appear on he face . jesse why would he leave just when Genesis be bear ? angel ( suddenly wary ) what ? jesse unless he be scared of it ? angel ah - now - jesse it 's as strong as he be , be not it ? or maybe stronger ? you say it yourself - it be somethin’ new . it give I the power to be obey . if I find the Lord God almighty , I could make he face the people of the world a ' own up to runnin’ out on they . right ? angel ( appal ) no ! you can not ! think about what you , be say ! you can not give order to God ! you have not get the right ! jesse I have not get the what ? sudden silence . jesse glare at the angel with steadily mount anger . jesse I have not get the right ? fuck you ! I give my life to God , just like my daddy do before I . we never quit on he . we stick by he an’ he Holy ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 112 . ( 3 ) 165 jesse ( cont 'd ) Bible through thick an‘ thin , ao matter how shitty a hand we get deal - an’ now you be tellin ' I I be not get the right to face he down a 's ask he what the fuck he think he 's doin ? ( furious , lose it ) seem to I , asshole , that I get all the right in the goddamn world ! seem to I that every man a ' woman on this planet have the right to say - hey , Lord ! you be fuckin ' with we from day one ! you be playin roulette with we fuckin ' life through ten thousand year of war , famine , death an’ fuck - up shit ! so maybe you would like to tell we , when you be finish movin’ in mysterious fuckin’ way : ( scream ) what the fuck do you mean by fuckin ' quittin ' on we ?!! silence for a moment . tulip and cassidy be very wary , wait for whatever come next . jesse fume , red-face . the angel be shitting himself . angel the creation can not make demand of the creator ... jesse then the creator should not shit on he creation . you wanna know how I get the right to make demand of the Lord ? it 's ' cause I get give the power of God . I know what it 's like . but all I do with it be the right fuckin ' thing . ' angel but ... jesse I have have enough of you , ballsweat . you an’ you asshole pal in Heaven , you be responsible for this whole fuckin’ bloodbath . well , I be thinkin' : if there 's a heaven , there have to be the other place as well , right ? ( continued ) 165 166 continued : ( 4 ) 165 angel {incredibly edgy ) y ...¥..- yes ... jesse {word of God ) then you can go there . the angel 's eye bulge in unbelievable horror . he open he mouth to scream , then burst into bright red , blaze flame . a terrible , unearthly scream echoe around the place , so loud that we heroes have to clamp they hand to they ear - then it fade into the distance , as the if the screamer have fall down a deep , deep hole until he 's out of earshot . the angel be reduce to ash , scattered on the breeze . jesse look grimly at it , then turn away . cassidy look at he , impressed . cassidy Nice bit have preachin’ . ( smile } preacher . ext . annville - night 166 the three of they walk towards the batter pick - up jesse and tulip arrive in . jesse and cassidy move slowly , favour they various wound . no sign of Hugo root . cassidy not long ' till dawn . I would really need to be gettin ' I arse undercover . tulip can not take the sun , huh ? cassidy I be @ fuckin’ vampire , turnip ... tulip tulip . cassidy one inch of tan a 's I will go up like the bleedin ' fourth of July . you give we a lift down the road , aye ? jesse least I can do , partner . they get into the truck . 167 168 169 170 17 . il4 . int . stolen pick - up ~ night 167 jesse 's at the wheel , tulip 's in the middle . jesse start the engine . cassidy you be really goin 's lookin ' for God ? we close up on jesse , who look grim and determine . jesse if it take I a goddamn Lifetime . ext . annville - night 168 the pick - up drive off . int . stolen pick - up ~ night 169 tulip nsmile wearily ) generally , if he say he 's gonna do something ? he do it . cassidy just as a matter of interest , jesse - be there anything that do scare you ? jesse smile . jesse well , I be not run into anything yet - suddenly he freeze , stare , stamp on the brake . ext . desert road ~ night 170 the pick - up screech to a halt , rock back on its chassis . int . stolen pick - up - night _ 417i tulip and cassidy be flung back in they seat . then they turn to gape at jesse . tulip what the fuck be that ? {continued ) 171 173 115 . continued : 171 but jesse can only stare ahead , horrify . ext . desert road - night 172 illuminate in the headlight , still astride he bmx , be arseface . he 's look curiously back at the truck . we heroes peer out at he , freak beyond belief . the he pedal awkwardly up to jesse 's side of the pick - up truck and stick he head in the window . int . stolen pick - up - night 173 all three stare at arseface , incredibly nervous . he 's cheery as ever . arseface ( hullo ! ) jesse recoil at the voice . arseface { sorry to trouble you folk , but I be wonder if you would see my dad around here anywhere ? ) the three of they look at each other , bewilder . arseface {his name 's Hugo root - he 's the sheriff around this part . tall , dignify kind of a guy . I have be look for he all night . ) jesse ( whisper , to cassidy ) what 's the fuck be he sayin’ ? cassidy ( start to laugh , incredulous } well what the fuck be you askin’ I for ? cassidy put a hand to he mouth to hide he laughter . that get tulip go . she lean back to try to hide behind jesse , struggle not to howl with laughter . when jesse turn back to arseface he can barely contain himself , tooth gritt , cough over the occasional snigger . ( continued ) 173 174 116 . continued : 173 jesse uh... come again ? that almost put tulip and cassidy over the edge . a herculean effort to stop themselves from laugh . arseface be oblivious . arseface {I be look for my dad , Hugo root . he 's a member of the law enforcement community . he look a bit like Jimmy Stewart . ) jesse I be sorry , buddy . I can not understand a goddamn word you say . arseface pull a photo from he pocket , hand it in . arseface ( my dad , see ? I be look for my dad . that 's he there , with I . ) the photo show arseface and Hugo together - arseface with a arm round he dad , give the thumb up . Hugo look impossibly bitter , fume with hatred for the whole world . arseface ( see ? ) jesse look at the photo , and all become clear . jesse aaaaaah ...! he hand the photo to tulip , raise a eye . tulip and cassidy stare at it , eye pop . ext . desert road + night 174 jesse lean out the window , hand the photo to arseface , smile reassuringly . jesse get you now , buddy . yeah , I know who you daddy be . saw he tonight as a matter of fact . arseface ( you do ? ) ( continued ) 174 178 al7 . continued : 174 jesse ( very friendly , jerk thumb back ) sure I do . he 's lyin’ back there with he dick up he ass . jesse floor it , and the pick - up race off down the road in a cloud of dust , leave arseface stare after it . int . bar - night 175 cassidy , back in the bar we meet he in , right at the very start .- nothing have change . he frown as he pick a rather obvious pubic hair out of he beer . then he snap out of it , grin at we . cassidy told you , do not I ? anything that could happen , fuckin ' well do happen . nlook down , thoughtful smile ) it 's be a wee while now since I last see jesse an‘ tulip . but y'know , I would not be surprised if one of this day all that weird fuckin’ shite start up again . a ' then maybe we will minute into each other again ... I do not know whether or not I believe that God run out on we . I do not know if he really be loose somewhere in the world . but I will tell you this : if jesse custer ever do get he hand on the good Lord ... ( smile darkly at we ) the bastard better have a fuckin’ good excuse . ( raise he beer to we before turn away ) cheer . and fade to black .