precious written by geoffrey fletcher January 16th , 2008 1 . a line at a time , the follow quote appear over a black screen . every blade of grass have its angel that bend over it and whisper , " grow , grow . " the talmud fade in : 1987 1 ext harlem STREET ­ day 1 a cold wind blow a bright red scarf tangle high on a street lamp . a iron waste bin be blow sideways into a intersection . a stray dog investigate it briefly , urinate and then move on . a book bag drop onto the pavement . visible from the waist down , a large young woman in a disintegrate leather jacket turn the waste bin upright and then maneuver it onto the sidewalk . once finish , she thick hand wipe each other until they stop abruptly . here , for the first time , we see she plump , youthful , vacant african american face . it be 16 - year-old precious jone . something inside the bin have catch she attention . precious gaze down upon a soile and tatter paperback book as the breath from she nostril steam . the title of the book stare back up at she be unintelligible . she push debris aside to get to it . the book plunge deeper into the trash , as if try to flee . the sound of a oncoming car approach . precious pin the book against the bottom of the bin as the sound of the oncoming car close in . precious finally come up with the book . its title be still unintelligible . when she flip it over , however , the letter on the cover , which be face we now , make sense . they read crystal stair : selected work by langston hughes . ( continued ) 2 . 1 continued : 1 the car sound incredibly close . precious look sharply to she leave . a eerie skid precede a eerier thud ! precious , almost hit , fall back on to the pavement as she book skip across the intersection and down into a drain . she lay on the sidewalk press against the base of the street lamp with she eye close . the car reverse , skid , stop for a sec , shift and screech off . the garbage bin , overturn yet again , rock side to side until settling , to a stop . a ambulance ease up to the intersection . when the stoplight change , the ambulance motor past precious in no hurry . a moment later , its siren blare and it speed off into the distance . the stray dog return , re-investigates the garbage bin , and turn to precious . he lick she face . Tom Cruise walk up to she . precious ' still vacant eye finally open to see Tom , and the red scarf fall from the street lamp towards she . Tom give she a hand up . tom ( flirtatious ) what 's you name girl ? precious blushes . tom what 's you name ? precious still blush , look on the ground . fade to black . precious ( v.o. ) my name be precious Jones . I wanna take tap dance lesson . mama say we can not afford it . a school bell ring . 2a . r2 int . intermediate school 111 / hallway - day r2 the end of a final wave of student head to class . precious ( v.o. ) plus she say who wanna see I dance anyway . I go to i.s. 111 . in harlem . New York . today I be almost late . that would a be a problem . precious scurries behind they don the red scarf and lug she book bag . 3 . 3 int . classroom ­ day 3 precious sit in the last row behind 26 child half she size , 3 year young and mostly African american . noise and projectile fill the air . mr. wicher -a frail man in a bow tie and tweed coat , stand at the head of the class try to establish order . mr. wicher class , would you please turn to page 122 ... class ! 122 ! precious ' book stay close as the other student find the page . two boy in front of precious giggle boisterously at some private joke . Mr. wicher look annoyed but accustom to this . precious ( v.o. ) I like maff but I do not say nuffin ' - do not open my book even . just sit there . the giggle boy continue they shenanigan . mr. wicher boy ? the boy finally open they book . mr. wicher page 122 please . precious ( v.o. ) everyday I tell myself something gonna happen , like I be gonna break through or somebody gonna break through to I - I be gonna learn , catch up , be normal , sit in the front ... someday . the giggle flare up again . precious sneer at the boy . mr. wicher today we be go to review Monday 's assignment . would anyone like to begin ? the boy get louder . ( continued ) 4 . 3 continued : 3 Mr. wicher look at they helplessly . mr. wicher boy ! ! ! precious ( v.o. ) I like Mr. wicher . I pretend he my husband and we live in weschesser , whereever that be . I can see by he eye Mr. wicher like I too . I wish I could tell he all the page in my book look the same to I , but I can not .. boy # 1 Excuse you ?! the entire class cry , " oooooh " . Mr. wicher look scared . boy # 1 nobody 'spect we to learn nuffin no way . now I be tryin ' to have a motherfuckin ' conversation back here if you do not mind Mr. bitcher , I mean , Mr. wicher . the boy fallout slapping hand . the class turn to Mr. wicher in unison to see what he will do . mr. wicher I want to see you boy after class . boy # 2 sorry Mr. wicher but you be not my type . grow some tit . mr. wicher just be quiet . Mr. wicher try to carry on throughout the boy ' unrelent defiance . other student be continually distract by the boy . precious look bother the most as Mr. wicher 's soft voice lose the battle . precious ( v.o. ) I feel sorry for Mr. wicher . he do he best but he be not get no voice . he scared too . I feel sorry for he . the boy break out in riotous laughter until ... ( continued ) 5 . 3 continued : ( 2 ) 3 crash ! a desk slam against the floor . the boy whirl around to see two large hand take hold of they and snatch they out of they chair . precious have have enough . precious shut up motherfucker , I be try to learn something ! hard enuff wiffout you stupid clown carryin ' on ! boy # 1 ( tremble ) ... sorry precious . boy # 2 ( tremble ) we cool . precious shove they down in they seat and huff . precious stupid ass ... go on ' bout cha lesson Mr. wicher . they ain ' gonna give you no more trouble today . precious turn she desk upright and sit back down . Mr. wicher look grateful . precious ( v.o. ) I be like the police for Mr. wicher . tha 's why I can not be late to maff . knock knock knock . someone be outside the classroom . Mr. wicher wave she inside . mrs . lichenstein , a skinny woman in her thirtie wearing a dark skirt suit enter , squint to find precious , point briefly and then whisper something to Mr. wicher . precious roll she eye . precious ( v.o. ) now dis ... Mrs. lichenstein send precious a oversize grin and beckon to she . mrs . lichenstein claireece ... ( continued ) 6 . 3 continued : ( 3 ) 3 precious sigh . precious ( v.o. ) what this bitch want ? claireece ... only motherfucker I hate call I claireece . precious gather she belonging . the other child watch every move in silence . when she reach the front of the class ... precious you gonna be okay Mr. wicher ? mr. wicher ( force a smile ) of course precious . thank you . a unconvince precious grin sadly as Mrs. lichenstein motion for precious to step out ahead of she . Mr. wicher look abandon . the door close behind precious might as well be to a prison cell block . noise inside the classroom return immediately . r4 int . school corridor - day r4 precious head off down the wide hallway in silence . r5 int . mrs . lichensteinx office ­ day r5 precious wait among plant , plaque , picture and file cabinet while Mrs. lichenstein sit across from she read from a file . Mrs. lichenstein close the file and set it on the desk between they . mrs . lichenstein be you pregnant ? you be sixteen , still in junior high school and pregnant with you second child . correct claireece ? claireece be you pregnant again ? precious stare at the file without respond . mrs . lichenstein do you have any thought about you situation ? precious shrug she shoulder . ( continued ) 7 . r5 continued : r5 mrs . lichenstein claireece ? precious do not respond . mrs . lichenstein ( beat ) claireece , I be talk to you . precious do not respond . mrs . lichenstein claireece ?! precious be I in trouble ? mrs . lichenstein what ? precious be I in trouble ? mrs . lichenstein ... no. precious ( beat ) then I do not want to miss no more of maff class . precious start to rise . mrs . lichenstein ( firmly ) sit down claireece . precious sit and sigh . mrs . lichenstein ( beat ) you know what I think ? I think we should have a parent - teacher conference - I , you and you mom . precious my muver be busy . mrs . lichenstein well maybe I could arrange to come to you house . ( continued ) 8 . r5 continued : ( 2 ) r5 precious my muver would not like that . mrs . lichenstein well then claireece , I be afraid I be go to have to suspend you . precious for what ? mrs . lichenstein you be pregnant . precious that be not fair . I ain ' do nuffin ! I doose my work . I ain ' in no trouble . my grade be good ... mrs . lichenstein you attitude be one of total uncooperation and that will not help a thing ... precious ( v.o. ) mrs. lichenstein now I hear everything . nosy I be not the enemy here . if ass white bitch mad ' cause h there 's something go on at she can not come over my house . ome that you would like to I do not be come to this talk about , you should feel bitch 's house in weschesser . free to do so here . if you I will be damned . I do hear find that the add stress of everything . White bitch wanna caring for you child be visit . then I think about affect you concentration , Mr. wicher all alone up that would be helpful to against the fool in he maff know . class ... mrs . lichenstein now accord to we record , you mother also look after the child . be that correct ? precious ( v.o. ) no kid on she picture . maybe she jealous . I still do not say nuffin . mrs . lichenstein be you in contact with the father ? ( beat ) be he at all involved in you child 's care ? no answer . ( continued ) 9 . r5 continued : ( 3 ) r5 mrs . lichenstein Fine ! if that 's the way you wanna play it , we can do this all day . the hand on precious ' lap make a fist . precious ( v.o. ) thas when I know I would never get back to maff class ... lawd I hate this hoe . precious lunge from she chair and reach over the desk . Mrs. lichenstein vault backwards in terror and tumble to the floor . mrs . lichenstein security ! security ! r6 int . mrs . lichensteinx outer office area - day r6 precious burst out of Mrs. lichenstein 's office and walk to the exit . Mrs. lichenstein 's distant voice still cry for security . r7 int . school corridor - day r7 precious head down the hall without look back . Mrs. lichenstein 's cry be still audible . 8 int . precious ' apt 444 lenox ave . - day 8 a faucet run . precious stand over the sink wash dish . a moment later , a woman' voice speak over the sound of a television . mary ( o.s ) you get my cigarettes ? precious freeze . her heart beat loudly . precious ( delicately ) no mama , I drop some of my thang on the way to school . a screeching car echoe distantly . mary - incredibly large , oily skin , ill - fitted wig and house dress sit on the couch with she back turn to precious . this woman look as if she be one with the furniture . ( continued ) 10 . 8 continued : 8 a cigarette smolder between she finger as she watch " the price be right " on television . precious , still wait for the other shoe to drop , look momentarily relieved and return to the dish until ... crackkkk ! a thick glass ashtray smashes into precious ' head . precious fall and land ... 9 int . precious ' bedroom ­ night 9 ...onto a bed completely naked . carl kenwood jone , a large and naked man much more than twice her age fall on top of she and gyrate . moment later ... precious ( softly ) daddy ? a enormous hand muzzle she . precious lay there impassively as she vacant eye fixate on a long crack in the ceiling . as we drift towards the crack it seem to widen - to open into another world where ... 10 ext . red carpet - night 10 blind flashbulb pop everywhere . precious walk the red carpet with Tom Cruise . they head toward the entrance of the theatre stop occasionally to sign autograph . both sport match sunglass . the paparazzi be go wild . thunder rumble . precious remove she sunglass and search the sky . a lightening crack roar . rain start to fall as ... 11 . 11 int . precious ' bedroom - night 11 drop of water seep from the crack in the ceiling accompany by the sound of distant thunder and masculine grunt morph into ... mary ( o.s. ) ( at the top of she lung ) I say i'm hongry you fat little piggy cunt bitch !!! git you Jezebel ass up and git to dinner ' fore I give you something to cry about . 12 int . kitchen 444 lenox ave . - dusk 12 eye close with ash and tear on she face , precious lay still on the floor . her hand be still wet from the dish . gooosh ! 2 gallon of water splash down on she . her eye spring open . Mary stand over precious with a large drip pot in she hand . she drop it on the floor and return to the couch to watch another program . mary ... I ain ' go ' say it again . 13 int . kitchen - later 13 pot and pan sizzle on the stove . precious , now wear a dry T-shirt , tend to dinner meticulously until ... annnnt ! the sharp sound of a buzzer ring . Mary and precious turn to the door in unison . mary tell they asshole to stop ringing my bell . here be we first good look at Mary . she ware way too much make up . precious wipe she hand and head for the door though Mary sit much closer to it . ( continued ) 12 . 13 continued : 13 precious ( v.o. ) no one ever ring the bell but crack addict . I hate crack addict . give the ghetto a bad name . precious press talk on the intercom . precious stop ringing the goddam buzzer motherfucker ! precious head back to the dish until ... annnt ! the buzzer again . precious return to the intercom . precious stop ringing the goddam buzzer . annnt ! precious stop it ! annnt ! precious stop it ! mary Press listen stupid . precious sigh and press listen . female voice ( o.s. ) it 's sondra lichenstein for claireece and Ms. Mary johnston . precious ' face go blank . Mary look alarmed and mute the television . mary who that precious ? precious White bitch from school . 14 ext . 444 lenox ave . - night 14 Mrs. lichenstein stand by the buzzer bundle up . thumping rap music from a car pass behind she . ( continued ) 13 . 14 continued : 14 she bounce lightly to the beat . precious ( v.o. ) Lord , where be crack addict when you need them ... 15 int . 444 lenox ave . - night 15 precious and Mary still try to sort this out . mary what she want ? precious I do not know . mary ask she stupid . precious press talk . precious what you want ? precious press listen . mrs . lichenstein ( o.s. ) I want to talk to you about you education . mary eighty -six that bitch . precious look unsure . 16 ext . 444 lenox ave . - night 16 a young man exit the building smoking a cigarette . Mrs. lichenstein put she hand together , dramatically plead for a smoke and get one . she put it in she mouth and light hers to he . bounce to stay warm , she nod in gratitude as the man walk off . precious ( v.o. ) this bitch crazy . ' side , my muver do not want to get cut off welfare and that 's what Mrs. lichenstein comin ' to visit result in . it 's hard to believe a hoe dis retarded spose to educate somebody . 14 . 17 int . 444 lenox ave . - night 17 precious press talk . precious git outa here Mrs. lichenstein ' fore I kick you ass . annnt ! precious press listen . mrs . lichenstein ( o.s. ) claireece I be so sorry about today . I only want to help you . I ... Mr. wicher say you be one of he best student and that you have a aptitude for math - or at least potential . ( beat ) I have call a Mrs. mcknight at Higher Education alternative / each one teach one . it 's a alternative school . ( beat ) claireece , be you listen ? precious look at she mother . Mary clearly find this all bizarre . mrs . lichenstein ( o.s. ) claireece , do you hear I ? precious press talk . precious yeah . precious press listen . mrs . lichenstein ( o.s. ) I have call Ms. mcknight at each one teach one . it 's locate on the nineteenth floor of the Hotel theresa on 125th Street . that 's not too far from here . precious press talk . precious I know where that be . precious release the button . ( continued ) 15 . 17 continued : 17 precious bitch . precious press listen . mrs . lichenstein ( o.s. ) the phone number be 555-0831 . I tell they about you . call or drop in , nineteenth floor . precious I hear you the first time . mrs . lichenstein listen claireece ... if you go down tomorrow .... look , they have just start they semester . you may be a day or 2 late ... give it a try . 18 ext . 444 lenox ave . - night 18 Mrs. lichenstein bound off into the night with she cigarette . precious ( v.o. ) I do not know what a alternative school be but I feel I want to know ... 19 int . 444 lenox ave . - night 19 precious lean against the refrigerator glow . precious ( v.o. ) my heart be all warm ... Mr. wicher say I be a good student . there be silent movement behind precious . Mary approach quietly wield a skillet . Mary swing for a head shot but precious easily sidestep the blow . the refrigerator take the hit and a new dent . precious stare calmly at she mother . Mary almost look ashamed . still aglow , precious grin absently at she mother and then leave the kitchen . ( continued ) 15a . 19 continued : 19 Mary watch she go and then strut back to the television speak to herself . mary School can not help none . go down welfare . who she think she be ? ( continued ) 16 . 19 continued : ( 2 ) 19 ( beat ) think she cute now right ? shoulda keep she mouf shut . uppity now cause he give she more child than he do I . should have keep she damn mouf shut . stupid little pig . who she think she be ? what I be spose to do for cig'rettes now ? 20 int . precious ' bedroom - night 20 precious , now dress for bed and still beam , pull the cover to she chest . fade out fade in 21 ext . harlem cityscape - dawn 21 the sun rise into the sky . the shadow of a tree draw short as do that of a open gate . 22 precious ' bedroom - day 22 the clock on the night stand read 8:29 . we drift back to find precious sit on the side of she bed fully dress with neon yellow legging and she red scarf as she stare at the clock . various sheet of color construction paper display precious ' handprint on the wall . they size increase progressively and end beside a poster of cyndi lauper . when the clock read 8:30 , precious stand , look in a mirror , see a pretty blond white girl and leave the room . 23 int . precious ' apt ­ day 23 precious head for the front door . mary where you go ? dunk , clink , clonk , clank - precious open 4 lock with swift precision . mary you hear I talk to you ?! precious leave slamm the door behind she . 17 . 24 ext . 444 lenox ave . - day 24 we track with precious as she exit she building . ruby , a dark - skinned heavy - set little girl with a " natural " hairstyle who could easily pass for a younger precious , trail precious . a naked blond armless barbie doll dangle by it 's hair from Ruby 's hand . ruby precious when we go ' play ? precious ( without turn around ) ain ' you s'pose to be in school ? ruby you say we be go ' play . precious see , thas jus exackly why we ain ' go ' be playin' . I never say nuffin like it . ruby why not ? precious Cause you a mess . look at ya ' - no style , no friend , no mama , no daddy . ruby so ?! I ain ' the only one . precious stop abruptly and turn around . precious what you say ?! ruby ... nuffin . precious thas what I think . precious head away into the distance . ruby I check in wif you tomorrow precious . precious ( o.s. ) you do that . 18 . 25 ext . STREET - day 25 precious walk gaze upward . Street lamp pass beneath the sky as autumn leave fall from nowhere . precious ( v.o. ) I be lookin ' up . lookin ' out for a piano to fall , a desk , couch , tv , mama maybe ? always something ' in the way . alternative . I be go ' see all about it . boy' voice watch where you goin ' orca ! precious look down to find three skinny boy , each much smaller than she , taunting she . precious ( v.o. ) then my mind come back down to earf . 2 nd boy shut up fool , she go ' eat you . the boy burst out in laughter slapping hand and grab they crotch . precious ( v.o. ) boyz always be little thing that laff and grab they selve - cept for when I 's real big and pregnant wif my first baby . then boyz do not say nuffin . they stand out the way real quiet like I be Queen of England ... point at she legging , the boy erupt some more . precious ( v.o. ) still , I wonder ... what could I wear that boyz do not laff ? precious crash to the ground . the boy look surprised a moment and then howl harder than ever . precious I always be fallin like that when my mind be wanderin . mama say I gonna fall to my death one day . wonder what that be like ? ( continued ) 19 . 25 continued : 25 the boy continue to taunt she from above . precious stare into space as if they be not there . CUT to : 26 int . dance studio - day 26 precious in Black leotard , fishnet stocking and patent leather shoe tap dance away . she finish she number as Tom Cruise walk into frame clap . Tom give she a hug and a friendly lick on the ear . 27 ext . STREET - present - day 27 precious continue to stare into space as a dog lick on she ear . 28 ext . 125 th STREET - day 28 precious walk amongst a crowd of people and stop to stare at the Hotel theresa , a beautiful pre-war building . 29 int . HOTEL theresa - day 29 precious enter the lobby . a older black man in a blue uniform sit in a chair read the Daily News through thick glass . he do not move , react , speak to or look at precious as she pass he . precious glance back at he as she reach the elevator , press the button and wait . the elevator door open . precious step inside and turn around . her eye widen and time slow down . the sound of wind rise . moment later , precious snap out of she daze and hastily push button 19 . the door close . 30 int . elevator - day 30 precious rise ....5.... 8.... 14 .... 15 .... and .... ding ! 19 . the elevator door fly open . 20 . 31 int . HOTEL theresa 19th floor - day 31 precious step out to find a african american woman in her early 30' wearing her hair in " cornrow " . she sit behind a desk while speak on the phone . cornrow why do you say that shit when you do not mean it Trey ? I be not play with you and I know that be not you damn sister neither .... because you do not have one ... Fine . yeah , whatever . cornrow slam the phone down , mumble and look over a file . precious this the alternative ? cornrow ( look up ) the what ? precious this the alternative ? cornrow what exactly be you look for ? precious ( point ) well what be this here ? cornrow this be Higher Education alternative / each one teach one . precious I be look for alternative school . cornrow this be a alternative school . precious what alternative be ? cornrow what be you ask I ? ( continued ) 21 . 31 continued : 31 precious alternative . the lady from my other school tell I to come here to Hotel theresa , nineteenth floor , it 's " alternative " school . cornrow each one teach one be a alternative school and a alternative school be like a choice , a different way to do something . precious oh . cornrow you need you discharge papers from you old school say they have formally discharge you or we can not allow you in the program . precious I get kick out ' cause I be pregnant . cornrow you still need formal discharge papers or we can not let you in . it 's the law . precious Mrs. lichenstein ain ' say all that . cornrow oh you be the one Mrs. lichenstein call about . precious what she say ? cornrow ( search papers ) be you claireece P. Jones ? precious thas I . cornrow well the principal at i.s. 111 already send you discharge papers and stuff over . ( continued ) 22 . 31 continued : ( 2 ) 31 precious what stuff ? cornrow you academic record . suddenly , precious look very concerned . cornrow be you all right ? precious look both angry and disappointed . precious ( v.o. ) I think this be new start . file and tess chase I to the grave . cornrow claireece ? precious huh ? cornrow we have to have certain information before we could accept you into the program . so really , they send you record over be just a way of speed thing up for you . precious can I start today ? cornrow yup . the only other thing we need right now be income verification . be you currently receive afdc ? precious no ... my muver get afdc for I and my daughter . cornrow oh , you have have amniocentesis ? precious huh ? cornrow you say you mother have custody of you and you daughter ? ( continued ) 23 . 31 continued : ( 3 ) 31 precious not this baby ! I get another one ' side this come . cornrow oh I see . you mother have custody of you and you daughter so you be on she budget . precious nod . cornrow okay , well I need a copy of you mother 's budget and a current phone or utility bill , okay ? precious I get to go get all that now ? cornrow no , relax . we be just gonna give you a few test - test you read and math level , see where to place you . precious what 's the difference ? cornrow well , to enter G.E.D. class a student should be able to read on a eighth - grade level . they should score 8.0 or better on the tabe read test . precious I be in ninfe grade at i.s. Ill . cornrow ( smile ) then you should have no problem . precious do not look as convinced . CUT to : 32 int . classroom - day 32 ecu - sheet of paper precious neatly write claireece P. jone on the top of the page . ( continued ) 24 . 32 continued : 32 precious sit alone behind a smatter of empty desk in a bright classroom . she look over she test , exhales and start to write . dissolve to : 33 int . classroom - later 33 a ticking clock accompany ... ... misspel word ... eraser shred ... tapping foot ... sweat ... giant letter ... tapping thumb ... tapping pencil ... frown ... giant number ... eraser shred ... sigh bzzzpfft ! precious look up sharply . a square fluorescent light in the ceiling blink and buzze as if struggle to stay alive . we tilt down from the blink light to find that we be in a different place ... 34 int . different classroom - day 34 a younger precious with uncomb hair sit with she back to we in a bright pink dress . she be at the very back of the classroom . ( continued ) 25 . 34 continued : 34 the many child seat in front of she be all blur that gradually fade into darkness while raise they hand . as we drift towards young precious , the stain on she dress become more apparent . as we continue drift , the playground voice of other young child echo out ... girl # 1 ( o.s. ) ... what that on you dress precious ? girl # 2 ( o.s. ) she do not say nuffin' . she do not talk to nobody . girl # 1 ( o.s. ) she nasty . girl # 3 ( o.s. ) when the last time yo head be comb ? precious mumble something to herself . girl # 4 ( o.s. ) ... what ?! shut up precious . you talk funny . you be better when you be on mute . boy here come the wide load ... boy make a lengthy farting sound trigger a chorus of laughter . we drift finally land on a puddle of urine at she foot . girl # 5 ( o.s. ) teacher ! teacher ! precious peed herself again ! giggle fill the air . a small pencil fall into the puddle make a large ripple . dissolve to : int . classroom - day - present precious ' pencil point have break but she still hold the pencil as if about to write . ( continued ) 26 . continued : precious sit with a absent look on she face and a bead of sweat on she temple . a moment later , a shadow move over she test . administrator ( o.s. ) claireece , do you need another pencil ? the administrator stand over precious wait for a answer . administrator claireece ... precious look up to she blankly . administrator be you finish ? precious nod absently . the administrator gently take the test from precious ' desk and leave . precious linger pensively in the back of the room . precious ( v.o. ) there have always be something wrong wif the tess ... 36 ext . STREET - day 36 precious walk with she hand in she pocket watch the pavement pass beneath she . precious ( v.o. cont . ) ... the tess paint a picture of I wif no brain . the tess paint a picture of I 'an my muver - my whole family as less than dumb just ugly black grease to be wipe away , punish , cage up , kilt , change , find a job for . precious leave we behind . precious ( v.o. ) sometimes I wish I be not alive . I be o.k. I guess . fade out fade in 27 . 37 int . 444 lenox ave . apt , bathroom - day 37 ... a hand shut off a shower . ... a toothbrush land in a mug . 38 int . precious ' bedroom - day 38 ... a hairbrush land on a dresser . ... thick hand remove a red scarf from a drawer . ... the clock on the night stand read 8:29 . precious sit on the side of she bed fully dress with red legging and she red scarf stare at the clock with a notebook in she hand . precious ( v.o. ) today be first day . I be tess . I be income eligible . I get my medicaid card , proof of address , self , pencil , notebook - alla that shit . when the clock read 8:30 , she stand , turn to a mirror , see a pretty blond white girl and leave the room . 39 int . 444 lenox ave . kitchen - day 39 ... precious stare into the refrigerator . ... precious stare into the freezer . finally , she close the door . precious ma ! !! no answer . precious ma ! !! mary ( 0 . S . ) what ?! precious I need some money . mary ( 0 . S . ) for what ? ( continued ) 28 . 39 continued : 39 precious sumthin ' to eat . my head hurt . mary ( 0 . S. ) ( beat ) how much you need ? precious five dollar . mary ( o.s. ) ( beat ) come and git it then . the air change . time stand still . a look that be both childlike and gray come over precious ' face . 40 int . mary bedroom - day 40 large panty fall to the floor from beneath the sheet . Mary 's knee widen beneath the cover . 41 int . 444 lenox ave . kitchen - day 41 a freeze precious stare across the apartment for a brief eternity . finally , she dash for the front door , throw open the lock and bolt out of the apartment slamm the door behind she . mary ( o.s. ) where you go ?! 42 ext . STREET - day 42 precious walk briskly . precious ( v.o. ) the other day I cry , feel stupid . guess what ... fuck that other day . thas why God or whoever make new day . still hungry though . precious stop and look up at something . before she stand a fast food restaurant with a giant sign atop it that say kickin fried chicken . precious look around , take a deep breath and step inside . 29 . 43 int . kickin fried chicken - day 43 precious approach the counter with a strain " nonchalance " . a middle - aged woman in a hair - net wait behind the register . precious set she notebook and pencil down on the nearest table . woman what you want baby ? precious give I a basket please . woman side ? precious ' eye wander from the fry bin all the way over to a refrigerator towards the back . precious ai not sure . still thinkin' . watchin ' the weight you know . the woman chuckle and then leave for the chicken . the digital clock on the wall read 8:53 . precious whirl around to see a young man cigarette in he mouth spraying the door with glass cleaner and then wiping it from the bottom up . precious turn back around to find she server select piece of chicken from a huge tray with large silver tong . the clock on the wall read 8:54 . precious turn to the door again to find the young man still clean it . precious turn back around to see she server return with a basket of chicken . precious potato salad ! thas it . the woman nod , set the chicken on the counter and head back towards the refrigerator in one fluid motion . ( continued ) 30 . 43 continued : 43 the young man wipe the top of the front door and look to be about finish . 44 ext . kickin fried chicken - day 44 precious burst out of the restaurant with the bucket under one arm and sprint off down the block . a scream from inside follow . woman ( o.s. ) reggie !!! get her !!! a second later , Reggie , the young man who clean the glass , dash out after precious . precious look back while sprinting and scarfing down piece of chicken at a remarkable rate . across the street , sheila , Reggie 's pregnant girlfriend , scream at he . sheila Reggie , where you be ? I have be paging you tired ass all night . Reggie stop dead in he track . shit! busted . he light up a cigarette , about face and prepare for she rant . sheila nigga , I know that be you . and who you run after , some fat bitch . get you ass over here . precious turn the corner of 126th street and onto Clayton Powell Jr. boulevard still devour chicken . a skinny dishevele man sit on a standpipe call out to she . skinny man you go catch indigestion mommie . 45 ext . HOTEL theresa - day 45 precious finish off the chicken at the exact moment she reach the Hotel , stuff the bone and basket into a trash bin and dash into the building . 46 int . HOTEL theresa elevator 46 precious look at she watch and then freeze as if something terrible have just dawn on she . 30a . 47 int . kickin fried chicken - day 47 precious ' notebook and pencil sit on the table where she leave they . 48 int . HOTEL theresa elevator 48 precious look crestfallen . a glance at she watch make it worse . ( continued ) 31 . 48 continued : 48 her stomach growls . she suddenly look unwell . 49 int . HOTEL theresa 19th floor - day 49 the elevator door open . cornrow speak on the phone while pick she nail . several line be ringing . she wave from behind she desk as precious walk by . cornrow ( on the phone ) ... what else would get away with clouding you mind , messin you heart and leave the goddamn toilet seat up ? wait a minute girl .... she decide to grab a line . cornrow each one teach one , hold please . she push another line . cornrow each one teach one , hold . she go back to she conversation . cornrow yeah , I be back . precious exit . a49 int . HOTEL theresa hallway - day a49 precious , nauseous , make she way down the hallway . b49 int . HOTEL theresa hallway outside ms . rain room - day b49 precious lunge for a trash bin into which she promptly vomit . she quickly catch she breath . wipe she mouth and look 10 foot away at a brightness come from a open doorway . her heart beat loudly . precious stand up . she seem to be there for a considerable spell . a blur of a young girl dart into the room from the other end of the hall without look at she . ( continued ) 31a . b49 continued : b49 ms. rain , petite , african american , beautiful , thirtie , alert eye enter the hallway look at she watch and then up to precious . ms. rain you alright ? precious do not respond . ms. rain be you in the a.b.e. class ? precious yes . ms. rain this be it . Ms. rain look at she watch , beckon precious with one arm and disappear inside . ms. rain ( o.s ) time 's a wastin' . ( continued ) 32 . b49 continued : ( 2 ) b49 precious still do not move . Ms. rain appear again . ms. rain you in or you out ? this door close in thirty second . Ms. rain disappear again . precious ' foot finally transport she into the bright doorway . its blind light envelope she completely . 50 int . classroom - day 50 Ms. rain 's desk sit before six smaller one situate in a semi-circle . four of they be occupy by girl roughly precious ' age : rhonda johnson - african american , stocky and even taller than precious , rita romero - latin descent , medium build , friendly face and dressed entirely in black , jermaine hick wiry , lean , seated and dressed like a boy and consuelo montenegro - latin descent , petite glowing and gorgeous . she twirl she hair incessantly with slender paint fingertip . a seventh desk sit well apart from the other back beneath the window . the girl all stare up at precious blankly as she enter the room . precious look to be in a mild state of shock as she gaze around from the girl to Ms. rain to the cloud outside the window . precious ( v.o. ) first thing I wonder be where be everybody - the boyz , the noise ... this feel like a Sunday school or crazy house ... or something like bof ' but different . smell different too . precious ' eye land on the lone desk in the rear of the room . ms. rain ( o.s. ) have a seat . precious look from the distant desk to one up front and then back to the distant desk . she sit with the other girl delicately , as if she be a visitor in a complete stranger 's home . ( continued ) 33 . 50 continued : 50 Ms. rain finish mark the roll sheet , place the cap on she pen and hold up a notebook identical to the one precious leave at the kickin fry Chicken . ms. rain do everyone have she notebook ? precious suck she tooth in self - disgust as she look around to find that all the other girl have theirs . jo ann rogers - carefree , cute and smug , then breeze into the room with a air of insubordination . ms. rain it 's 9:07 . jo Ann you be late . jo Ann point into she mouth , which be full . jo ann ( chew ) I have to . most important meal of the ... ms. rain start tomorrow , this door will be lock at 9:00 . jo Ann roll she eye and sit beside precious . ms. rain class , today we have some new people so let 's just ... jo ann ooh ! hold up ! wait up ! hold up ! I find something ! ms. rain I beg you pardon jo Ann ! jo ann 2000 ' pology miz rain but I jus ' want to say , do anyone need a extra notebook I foun ' in the chicken place ? precious it 's mine ! jo ann okay hoe . I find you cadillac too . it 's park out front . ( continued ) 34 . 50 continued : ( 2 ) 50 jo Ann roll she eye . precious I leff it ! I do ! I leff it at the kickin fry Chicken on lenox tween one-two -seven and one-two -six this morning . jo ann ... alright girl , I be just fuckin ' with you . jo Ann return the notebook to precious . ms. rain mind you mouth in here jo Ann . jo ann what I say ?! ms. rain just watch the language . jo Ann shrug she shoulder , look down and then turn she eye to precious ' stomach . jo ann ( quietly ) when you due ? precious look down and shrug she shoulder . ms. rain since we have more new people than old people today , let 's just go back to square one and get to know each other . State you name , where you be bear , you favorite color , something you do well and why you be here . CLASS what ?! Ms. rain point to the blackboard where each of the 5 question be write neatly to the side . ms. rain I will start . my name be blu rain ... CLASS what ?! ( continued ) 35 . 50 continued : ( 3 ) 50 jermaine thas you real name ? ms. rain that 's my for real , hope to die if I be lie name . jermaine you first name Blue ? ms. rain yes it be . my favorite color be purple ... precious ( v.o. ) off da bat sumthin ' different wif dis lady . she like to sing . I wish I could sing . go to church . sing on a choir . mama say be not no God . dis lady remind I Mr. wicher but more a man and like miss lichenstein ' cept not a cuckoo . dress like she ride in out the village too . ms. rain ... what do I do well ? I sing pretty well . and I be here because a good friend use to teach at this school . she be out one day and ask I to substitute for she . when she quit , they ask I if I want the job . I say yes and I have be here ever since . Rhonda ? rhonda my name Rhonda patrice Johnson . I be bear in Kingston Jamaica ... precious look she over . precious ( v.o. ) rhonda Big redbone girl big like I my favorite color be blue . but do not talk funny like how I cook good . my mother usta coconut head people do . have a restaurant on seventh Ave . before she get sick , she teach I everything . I be here to bring up my read so I could get my g.e.d . Rhonda turn to rita who sit beside she . ( continued ) 36 . 50 continued : ( 4 ) 50 rita my name be rita romero . I be bear right here in harlem . I be here because I be a addict and drop out of school ... precious ( v.o. ) rita skinny Spanish girl seem a ... and never get my read little sad but maybe jus and write together . my quiet . could be bofe . I check favorite color be black but I into it . guess you could tell that . jo ann what do you do good ? ms. rain well . what do you do well jo Ann ? jo Ann point to herself as if to say , " I ?! " and Ms. rain shake she head and point to rita . rita ( softly ) I be a good mother , a very good mother . jermaine be next in line . jermaine my name be jermaine . my favorite color ... rhonda tell we where you bear first . jermaine ( mildly annoyed ) I be bear in the bronx , still live there ... precious ( v.o. ) jermaine what the hell be go on in h ... Red be my favorite color . kere ? be she a man ? what usta be blue . I be a good kinda school be this ? I do not dancer if I do say so . a now here . jermaine , which I friend tell I about each one do not have to tell you , be a / teach one . I come here to boy 's name . get away from bad influence . rita you come to harlem to get away from bad influence ? ( continued ) 37 . 50 continued : ( 5 ) 50 jermaine I be afraid so . jo ann can I go miz rain ? ms. rain when it 's you turn jo Ann . consuelo ? consuelo ( still twirling she hair ) favorite color ? why I be here ? what 's alla that shit ? ms. rain it 's just a way of break the ice -a way of get to know each other better ... precious ( v.o. ) ms. rain ooohhh , dis pretty Spanish ... by ask nonthreaten girl , coffee cream color wit question that allow you to long ol ' good hair . she look share yourself with the group nice but get some attitude . without have to reveal more ain ' like she tha first though . of yourself than might be comfortable ... ms. rain ... you do not have to do it if you do not want to but you do have to watch you language . consuelo I do not want to . ms. rain you do not want to do what , participate or watch you language ? consuelo the first part . precious be next . ms. rain claireece ? precious do not respond . ms. rain claireece ? ( continued ) 38 . 50 continued : ( 6 ) 50 precious ( softly ) could I skip too miz rain ? ms. rain ( beat ) certainly . jo Ann ? precious exhales look astoundingly grateful and then turn to jo Ann . jo ann I be jo ann. ( wave enthusiastically ) hi ! my favorite color be fluorescent beige . my ambition be to have my own record layer . Ms. rain and the class look confuse . rhonda where be you bear and why be you at this school ? precious ( v.o. ) jo ann jo Ann like the spotlight and I be bear in King 's County can not sit still . teacher Hospital . my mother move we do not need no outside to harlem when I be nine policin ' though . she ain ' year old . I be here to get my ' fraid . I wonder what be a G.E.D. , then , well I be record layer anyway . already into the music industry . I just need to take care of the education thing so I can move up . ms. rain well , that 's everyone . welcome to ... precious ( o.s. ) I could ... could i...go ? surprise , Ms. rain and the class turn to precious . she be visibly uncomfortable and seem as if try to hide in plain sight . ms. rain okay claireece . the air be suck out of the room . ( continued ) 39 . 50 continued : ( 7 ) 50 precious ( v.o. ) everybody look at I now . everybody see I . I wish for back of class again ... the distant desk vanish over precious ' shoulder . precious ( v.o. cont 'd ) ... then I think , never that again . precious exhales . precious my name claireece precious Jones . I go by precious . I be bear in harlem . I like yellow and I have a problem at my old school so I come here . ms. rain ( beat ) something you do well ? precious think for a moment and then shrug . precious ... nuffin . ms. rain ( softly ) everybody be good at something . precious shake she head . ms. rain one thing ? precious ( look down ) I can cook and ... the room wait . ms. rain and ? precious I never ... the room continue to wait . ( continued ) 40 . 50 continued : ( 8 ) 50 precious well ... I never talk in class before . I guess now I could do that too . ms. rain ( beat ) how do it make you feel ? precious look around but seem to be search inside more than anywhere else . after a moment ... precious ... here . it make I feel ...here . the class be quietly take aback . precious smile as if have just make it ashore from a ship lose at sea . fade out fade in 51 ext . harlem STREET - day 51 precious walk off alone still beam from the new world she have discover . p recious ( v.o. ) before , I get a minus in English and never say nuffin ' , never do nuffin ' . but miz rain say we gonna read and write in we notebook every day . thas sumthin ' see how we can not really do none of that thing and then I think maybe this ain ' tha class for I . but when miz rain see the worry on my face , she look at I and start to talk in chinese ... the ghostly image of Ms. rain appear on the sidewalk ahead of precious . it be a glimpse from back in the classroom . her voice echoes . ( continued ) 41 . 51 continued : 51 ms. rain ( v.o. ) the longest journey begin with a single step ... Ms. rain vanish and precious shake she head . precious ( v.o. ) ... whatever the fuck that spoze to mean . this school different , okay . but this not Star Trek neitha ' . precious continue into the distance . precious ( v.o. ) complicate , complicated - chinese journey , 2 book , write and you do not know how ? dawg ... 52 int . classroom - another day 52 Ms. rain write the letter a on the board and then hand the chalk to jermaine . jermaine write B and then hand it to consuelo . consuelo write C and hand it to Rhonda . Rhonda write D and hand it to rita . rita take a step and start to cry . she drop the chalk . it shatter on the floor . ms. rain we be all in this together rita . class ? all but rita e! rita pick up the large shard of chalk from the floor and write E on the board . she hand the chalk to precious and precious write F . the entire class sit simultaneously and then giggle at they synchronicity . ms. rain this be just the beginning . why do not we try by ourselves ? there be 26 letter in the alphabet . they all have a sound . this letter make up all the word in we language . please open you notebook , write the date and then let 's write the alphabet . the girl begin to write . ( continued ) 42 . 52 continued : 52 precious soon set she pencil down , move she hand to she stomach and look faint . she gather herself , catch she breath and trudge on . ms. rain ( o.s. ) this be go to be painless ... 53 int . SMALL office - day 53 precious and Ms. rain sit close together over a small table look down at a large colorful child 's book . ms. rain ... I just want you to read a page from this book . precious look up at she blankly and then back down at the book with trepidation . precious ( v.o. ) sure lady , right after I get vote president . ms. rain precious ? precious I can not do that miz rain . ms. rain c'mon precious . give it a try . precious look mortify and start breathe heavily . rapid montage - door slam , moan , panting , plate breaking , meat sizzling , Zipper , grunt , squeaking bed spring , laughter , scream , a razor slicing young flesh , sweat and daytime television all assault she mind 's sense . Ms. rain speak with a dire look of concern on she face but no word come out . she place a hand on precious ' shoulder and the kaleidoscope of sound suck away into the air . the word from Ms. rain 's mouth finally register . ms. rain precious . honey be you okay ? try to relax . should I call a ambulance ? 911 ? you moth ... precious no ! !! ( continued ) 43 . 53 continued : 53 Ms. rain jump . ms. rain what be it ? precious the page ... Ms. rain look down perplex . precious ( defeat ) they all look alike to I . always do . ms. rain ( beat ) the word or the picture ? precious the word . Ms. rain sigh . she sit back for a moment and look as if she 's processing more than just the tragedy of this particular situation but what be that of countless other . in a decisive , almost militaristic movement , Ms. rain sit up again . ms. rain I think I understand you precious but I still want you to try . you be go to have to push yourself . precious look back down at the page . there be people of various color on a beach . ms. rain what do you think the story be about ? precious people at the beach ? ms. rain that 's right . Ms. rain point to the letter a . it be the first word on the page . ms. rain do you know what that be ? ( continued ) 44 . 53 continued : ( 2 ) 53 precious yes . A. Ms. rain point to the next word . ms. rain do you know that word ? precious no. I do not . ms. rain do you know the letter . precious nod . Ms. rain point to the letter ... precious D , a , y. ms. rain do you know that word ? precious shake she head . ms. rain Day . that word be day . Ms. rain point to the next word . ms. rain what 's that word ? precious ate. ms. rain good ! almost ! the word be ' at ' . Ms. rain point at the next word . precious the ! Ms. rain point to the next word . precious ... Beach ? ms. rain ' shore ' . that word be ' shore ' . that 's almost like ' beach ' . very good . can you read the whole thing ? ( continued ) 45 . 53 continued : ( 3 ) 53 precious nod . precious a- day-at -the - shore . amaze the word that escape be from she very own mouth , precious ' jaw drop . she whirl to Ms. rain . Ms. rain smile . we ease away from the office as the two of they continue work down the page . 54 int . 444 lenox ave . - night 54 precious enter the apartment . Mary sit on the couch watch " the cosbys . " mary bring you fat ass in here ! precious suddenly look exhaust . mary where you sneak you ass off to this morning ? precious do not respond . mary you hear I talk to you ! where you sneak you ass off to this morning ?! precious School ! I be at school ! mary you lie whore ! precious be not ! mary you be ! the welfare do call here , say they be remove you from my budget ' cause you not in regular attendance in school . precious mama , I tole you I get kick out . I be home mostly every day for two week . ( continued ) 46 . 54 continued : 54 mary you do not say nothin ' `bout no damn school today . precious mama , I tole you dis morning I be goin'to school . at a loss but still angere , Mary turn back to the television slowly . precious start for she room until ... mary I ain ' have no breakfast . precious stop , sigh , head to the sink and start wash she hand . Mary talk to precious while watch television . mary ... need to forget school . need to git you ass on down to welfare . precious dry she hand and reach for a pan . precious I be gonna get stipend for school and then ... mary fool fuck a stipend . what 's that ? I say take you ass down to welfare . precious stop everything with the pan in she hand . precious now ? mary no stupid . get to be there at 7 in the a.m. if you gonna talk to anybody ... precious shake she head , huff and turn on the stove . Mary then press the mute button on the remote and whirl around with a cold cigarette between she finger . mary - oh you too good for that ? be that what you be now , too good for welfare ? ( beat ) ( continued ) 47 . 54 continued : ( 2 ) 54 more white folk on 'ssistance than there be niggas miss onassis . other one get trust fund welfare from ' sploitin po dumb ass like yo dumb ass for century ... man on tv say let 's end ' firmative action . Fine wit I . and while we at it , let 's take out son - in - law , country club , white motherfucker and then call it a day . precious turn to she mother look surprised but pensive . Mary 's eye be still fix on the tv . mary now hurry yo ass up . I be go die of starvation over here . then where you be at then ? CUT to : 55 int . 444 lenox ave . - later - night 55 a picturesque plate of pork chop and mashed potato . precious deliver it to the couch with a fork and knife . the apartment have transformed into the pristine world of the tv sitcom they be watching . precious and Mary be well - dress and do - up like tv star . mary what you go ' have ? precious I ain ' hungry . I ... mary yes you be . precious but mama I ... mary sit you ass down . precious sigh and join Mary on the couch . Mary hand precious the plate and silverware . mary jus make mine after you do . this go ' get cold if it sit . ( continued ) 48 . 55 continued : 55 precious but I think you say you be hongry ? mary do what I say do not say what I say . now eat bitch ! precious start eat slowly . Mary light she cigarette . mary ... best feed like a pig and not a cow so 's you can git yo ass back to the stove . if I croak off starvation , where in the world you be at then ? precious eat reluctantly . CUT to : 56 int . kitchen - later - night 56 pot and pan sit drying on the counter . precious wipe she hand on a dishcloth . the room be quiet and empty now . precious stare blankly out of the window . ... she go to the television , press the remote and sit down . " the cosbys " be still on . tire and full , she turn the tv off . she watch Mary 's face snore rhythmically but with extremely unpleasant noise . finally , she back away and go to she bedroom . 57 int . precious ' bedroom - night 57 precious fall back across she bed with she arm spread . she stare up at the crack in she ceiling ... a hand dart into frame , touch precious ' side and then quickly withdraw . precious ignore it . the hand return for another jab . precious restrain a grin . finally the hand tickle she fiercely . ( continued ) 49 . 57 continued : 57 she giggle uncontrollably . the hand belong to Tom Cruise . he wear a leather jacket with a cherry red motorcycle helmet tuck under one arm . the helmet have a golden bow stick on its crown . ... precious chase he out of frame for some revenge tickle as they both laugh quietly . ... the helmet fall to the floor with a bounce . woman' voice ( o.s. ) ... claireece , would you like to talk about you home life ? 58 int . child psychologist's office - day 58 precious sit on a small couch in a modest office contain 2 bookshelve , several plaque and 2 file cabinet . ms. weiss - 40' , caucasian , conservatively dressed sit across from precious with a clipboard on she lap and glass low on she nose . a strap hang down from the glass and snake around the back of she neck . precious what do you want I to say ? ms. weiss whatever come to mind when you think about you home . precious ( v.o. ) seem like inquire white bitch always want to know . precious I wish I have a tv in my room . ms. weiss ( beat ) be that all ? precious no ... my muver be a like a whale person for the couch . she say I eat alla time , but then she always makin ' I eat ... and then call I a fat mess .... she say apartment be little because of I . ( continued ) 50 . 58 continued : 58 she only leave the house to play the number . sometimes I feel I could just sit there wif she everyday wif the shade draw , watch tv , eat , watch tv , eat . can we talk about something else now ? ms. weiss of course . I want to learn more about you father anyway . precious I do not know much more than you do miz White ... ms. weiss Weiss . precious he say he the original man like farrakhan be say but little do he know about it . he give I this baby comin and my other one before . thas all I know . do not see he . do not need to I guess . ms. weiss ( quickly ) what do you say you father give you ? precious ( catch herself ) ... nuffin . ms. weiss yes you do claireece . you say you father give you ... precious no I do not neitha . if you hear that , then you hear sumthin ' else cause I ain ' say nuffin like it ! Ms. Weiss ' wariness look unmove . precious now whas next ? ms. weiss um ... how about you first child ? you have not speak much about she ... ( continued ) 51 . 58 continued : ( 2 ) 58 precious turn to Ms. Weiss . a doorbell ring ... 59 int . 444 lenox ave . apt . - day 59 toosie , a woman in her late 5u' radiating a toughness of prior generation , enter the apartment in a business - like manner with mongo , a SMALL , distracted and obviously handicapped child . toosie have a bag of grocery in she other arm . precious watch tv beside she mother . both appear as if they have just wake up . Mary attempt to put on she wig and make up . toosie give mongo to Mary , whose eye never leave the television , and then hand the grocery to precious , who take they directly to the kitchen as toosie leave without a word . precious ( o.s. ) mongo ? ms. weiss ( o.s. ) Excuse I ? precious ( o.s. ) mongo ? thas short for mongoloid . she get down sinder . ms. weiss ( o.s. ) you mean she have down syndrome ? precious ( o.s. ) alla that . the child seem only mildly aware of what be go on . the doorbell ring again . precious open the door . a hispanic woman in her thirtie with a attache case enter . as the woman step inside , we see that Mary have finish tidy herself . Mary and the woman exchange small talk while precious listen . Mary have never seem so congenial . precious ( o.s. ) my grandmuver toosie , brang Little mongo over on day social worker come so it look like mongo live wif we . then my mama get the check and food stamp for I and Little mongo . but it 's my baby . Little mongo be money for I , not she ! 52 . 60 int . child psychologist's office - day 60 precious continue speak to Ms. Weiss from the couch . precious ... sometimes I see vampire too . they come for I sometimes and they say that I be one of they . they say , " precious , you belong wif we . " ms. weiss how do you respond to they ? precious I say , " check wif my muver . " after that , they just look at I and go down through the floor . the family downstairs be vampire so that 's where they should go . Ms. Weiss look up from she clipboard and over she glass . precious reflect a moment and then look up . precious I be go to the doctor now too . it 's nice . miz rain , she fall out when she find out that I ain ' be to no doctor . Whole class scream ' preenatal ' at I . they do not know I have my first baby on the kitchen floor wif my muver kick I upside my head . I mean , who would believe ? precious snicker reminiscently a moment and then turn to Ms. Weiss . precious they the kind of thang you mean when you say talk about whatever come into my mind ? Ms. Weiss look up and nod through a perplex daze . 61 int . CITY bus - day 61 precious ride lose in think . precious ( v.o. ) I still do not know why I say all they thang . I know I be not s'pose to . just tired . ( continued ) 53 . 61 continued : 61 tire of lie I guess . hope mama do not find none of it out . she kill I for real cause that be tha end of they welfare check . 62 ext STREET - day 62 the girl burst into frame follow by Ms. rain and cornrow and then bound up a large number of step lead into the metropolitan museum of art . 63 int . metropolitan museum permanent egyptian art collection 63 led by a spirite guide and trail by Ms. rain and cornrow , the girl scrutinize colossal tomb , various artifact , hieroglyphics and photograph . precious ( v.o. ) miz rain brang we out to see some real old stuff . thangs and stuff before tv 's be make , before Mr. abraham lincoln , before miz harriet tubman - maybe some stuff before miz Weiss even . precious and rita fearfully enter the tomb of perneb . 2 step in , rita grab precious hand tightly . precious ( v.o. ) before we turn tha corner in a mummy tomb , rita grab hold of my hand . no one in my life ever do that . ever. ( beat ) how rita do it wiffout a think ? rita and jermaine study a sphinx . precious ( v.o. ) guide lady smart . say dis the first civilization of the earf . Black folk , first ! jo Ann pose like a egyptian hieroglyphic . consuelo examine she nail polish . 64 int . classroom - day 64 Ms. rain write briskly across the blackboard . as she make she way across the frame , a barrage of letter and number peel off the board , fly across the room , converge and enter precious ' forehead . ( continued ) 54 . 64 continued : 64 just before the letter and number reach precious , lifelike holographic image flank they . they be spinning planet , flying pterodactyls , stampeding elephant , emmett till , mlk , JFK , malcolm X , civil rights marcher , FIRE , tidal wave , a volcanic eruption , continent , mathematical equation , light bulb and the inverted word " janie " , " sula " and " celie " ... a few letter , number and image try to reach jo Ann but most just bounce off of she and fall away . consuelo bat a few mathematical symbol off as if they be fly . finally we land on precious as she confidently stab she hand into the air to answer a question . 65 int . CITY bus - day 65 precious ride on one of the side seat towards the back while wear she red scarf . the New yorker surround she be all man of various background . all wear the exact same suit and raincoat . precious look up to find two of the businessman stare down at she . we pan from they and around the bus to find all of the other passenger study precious in silence as well . precious ( v.o. ) I like would that museum so much I go back by myself ... people ... they only look when my belly big . they mind all make . but do they know ? no . they do not know that I be a girl for flower and thin straw leg ? precious ( v.o. ) if other people could see that the way I do , they would see that I be a real person inside . we long circular pan finally land on precious ' seat but sit there now be the pretty blond white girl from precious ' bedroom mirror wear precious ' clothes . the bus grind to a stop . a man smile at precious and step off the bus . the original precious take the abandon newspaper from he empty seat and try to read it . ( continued ) 55 . 65 continued : 65 precious stop to watch two " society " lady in hat and glove push antique buggy style baby carriage along the sidewalk . precious ( v.o. ) miz rain say the longest journey begin wif a single step . I wonder what step they journey begin on . mama always talk about how there be all different type of welfare . I want filfy rich white folk welfare . mama crazy but mama not stupid . precious continue observe pensively as the lady pass a bearded and bedraggle elderly white man lay on the street in tatter clothes . as precious study he , she expression change ever so slightly . enormous handwritten letter form " not stupid " overtake she face as we dissolve to the page upon which she write it . 66 int . HOTEL theresa classroom - day 66 precious write in she notebook . all of the other girl do the same . precious ( v.o. ) I be happy to be write . I be happy to be in school . I be happy to know my baby come soon . do not see the sense in pretend I be not pregnant anymore . I be also think about lil mongo a lot . miz rain say we gonna write everyday , that mean home too . precious ( v.o. ) and she gonna write back everyday . thas great . precious look up to find jo Ann tapping she pencil , look around annoyed and literally at a loss for word . precious ( v.o. ) mama say this new school ain ' shit though . say you can not learn nuffin ' write in no book . gotta git on that computer you want to make some money . but mama wrong about that . ( continued ) 56 . 66 continued : 66 I be learn . gonna read to dis baby too and hang color on its wall . we close in on precious write as we hear she whisper the follow . precious ( v.o. ) listen baby , muver love you . muver not dumb . listen : precious ( cont 'd ) precious ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ( in a whisper ) thas the alphabet . twenty-six abcdefghijklpmn letter in all . they letter o p q R S T U V W X y Z. make up word . they word everything . precious look up from she page gaze in a otherworldly way . one by one , the other girl stop what they be do and stare at precious curiously . they eye turn downward in unison . close on precious ' leg . a gush of water pour down between they as if it be a tidal wave . 67 int . hospital - day 67 silent montage ... the wheel of a speed gurney waggle to remain straight . ... fluorescent light stream by overhead . ... name tag dangle from the chest of attendant push the gurney . one we see belong to a handsome African american male nurse , JOHN mcfadden . he be constantly look down with a reassure smile . ... cover in sweat , precious scream without we hearing a sound . 68 ext . hospital - day 68 ... two rain drop dance atop a puddle outside . ... Water drip from a tree limb . 57 . 69 int . hospital - night 69 precious ( v.o. ) his name Abdul jamal Louis Jones . he healthy . his muver love he . John , the nurse who help gurney precious in , again stare down warmly at she . this time with Abdul in she arm . 69a int . hospital bedroom - night 69a precious sleep peacefully . it be still raining outside . Ms. rain crochet in the corner . fade out fade in 70 int . hospital - day 70 we be close on precious . her eye focus intently and occasionally dart up and down . nurse John be do the same thing . his hand lay on top of precious ' with they palm touch . we glimpse both of they search eye again . suddenly , precious whip she hand over and slap the back of John 's before he can pull they away . precious I win . JOHN that hurt girl . precious get to X -ray . JOHN ( leave ) maybe I will . precious you go have to if you do not practice . JOHN alright . ( continued ) 58 . 70 continued : 70 John exit . the girl from class ogle he from another part of the room as he leave and then nudge and bicker with each other for pole position to hold Abdul . precious ( v.o. ) dear miz rain , all the year I sit in class I never learn , but now I get baby again by my fahver . behind the girl , precious sit up in bed write in she journal . precious ( v.o. ) I wish I have a boyfriend like other girl and then I would feel right that I have to quit school . I love my baby but want school too . precious close she book . jo Ann back away from the other , take the notebook and then leave . Rhonda return Abdul to precious . the remain girl embrace precious one at a time and then file out of the room . 71 int . classroom - day 71 as the girl stream into the classroom , jo Ann set precious ' notebook on Ms. rain 's desk . Ms. rain open it immediately . 72 int . SMALL office - day 72 Ms. rain write at she desk . ms. rain ( V. o . ) dear precious , I be glad you love you baby . ms. rain ( v.o. ) I think a beautiful young girl like you should have a chance to get a education . I think you first responsibility have to be to yourself . you should not drop out of school ... 73 int . hospital - day 73 precious read from she journal . ( continued ) 59 . 73 continued : 73 ms. rain ( v.o. cont 'd ) come back to class . we miss you . Love , ms rain . precious immediately write back . precious ( v.o ) dear miz rain ... 74 int . ms. rain apartment - bedroom - day 74 Ms. rain sit on the corner of bed read precious ' journal . precious ( v.o. cont 'd ) Social worker ask I if I want to give Little mongo and Abdul up for adoption . I could kill she . she never help before . now she want to take my kid away ? if she take Abdul , I will not have nothing nomore . 75 int . hospital - day 75 jo Ann bound into the room with the journal in she hand , swipe a apple from precious ' tray and take a bite . precious snatch the journal and open it quickly . ms. rain ( v.o. ) dear precious , it seem the opposite to I . if you keep Abdul you might have nothing . you be learn to read and write , that be everything . come back to school when you get out of the hospital . you be only seventeen . you whole life be in front of you . CUT to : toosie pace precious ' hospital room briskly while hold Abdul and lecture precious fiercely . precious ( v.o. ) dear miz rain , grandmuver come visit and say only a dog will drop a baby and walk off . say later not even a dog . precious ' grandmother continue she sermon . precious sigh . ( continued ) 60 . 75 continued : 75 ms. rain ( v.o. ) dear precious , you be not a dog . you be a wonderful young woman who be try to make something of she life . I have some question for you . 1 . where be you grandmother when you father be abuse you ? 2 . where be Little mongo now ? 3 . what be go to be the best thing for you in this situation ? 76 int . SMALL office - day 76 Ms. rain sit at she desk read with she pen ready . precious ( v.o. ) dear miz rain , lot of question you ask . no muver , no grandmuver and father rape I year . Little mongo wif my grandmuver . best for I to stop breave sometimes I think . I want to be a good mother too though . Ms. rain write immediately . ms. rain ( v.o. ) dear dear precious , be a good mother might mean let you baby be raise by someone who be better able than you to meet the child 's need . 77 int . hospital - day 77 precious write while breast-feed Abdul . precious ( v.o. ) dear miz rain , I be best able to meet my child 's need . the page turn . 78 int . ms. rain' CLASS room - day 78 the page fall . the student be all at they desk read . Ms. rain write the follow . ms. rain ( v.o. ) dear precious , when you be raise a small infant you need help . who be go to help you ? how will you support yourself ? how will you keep learn to read and write ? 61 . 79 int . 444 lenox ave . apt . - day 79 we drift towards Mary , at one with the couch , watch television . one hand hold a cigarette while the other mine a enormous bag of potato chip elbow - deep . her greasy mouth remain occupy with either a cigarette , a potato chip or both at all time . precious ( v.o. ) the welfare help mama , it help I . ms. rain ( v.o. ) dear precious miss , when you get home from the hospital , look and see how much welfare have help you mother . 79a int . hospital lounge - day 79 a nurse John and precious sit quietly . nurse John hand she a envelope . precious open the envelope to find a beautiful card . it read , " God bless you . " there be a $ 20 bill inside . she look up at he , teary eye and grateful . 80 int . hospital - day 80 precious , now wear she jacket , pack up she thing , take Abdul and head out of a spotless room with she child in one hand and two bag in the other . 81 int . livery cab - day 81 precious ride hold Abdul . ms. rain ( v.o. ) you could go further than you mother . you could get you G.E.D. and go to college . you could do anything precious but you have to believe it . Love , blu rain . 82 ext . 444 lenox ave . - day 82 precious head into the main entrance hold Abdul and she bag as snowflake start to fall . 83 int . 444 lenox ave . MAIN entrance - day 83 Ruby play alone with she break barbie doll . precious pass she without a word . Ruby spring to she foot to trail she . ( continued ) 61a . 83 continued : 83 ruby hi precious . you back ? that you new baby ? what it 's name ? can I hold it ? .. precious ? Ruby can only watch as precious disappear into the stairwell . ( continued ) 62 . 83 continued : ( 2 ) 83 Signs on the elevator read " out of order " . 84 int . 444 lenox ave . stairwell - day 84 precious climb the stair grow short of breath hold Abdul , she bag and she coat fold over one arm . once on the landing , she search for she key while try to balance Abdul and everything else . after turn several lock , she push into the apartment ... 85 int . 444 lenox ave . - continuous 85 ... look up and duck . mary bitch !!! crash !!! a fly vase barely miss precious and Abdul and then shatter against the wall . Abdul wail . precious mama ! ! ! smash ! a plant come next . precious barely dodge that one too and she drop everything but Abdul . precious mama ! ! ! mary ( o.s. ) you ruin my life you fat little slut !!! Mary charge into frame to ram precious and Abdul like a bull . precious sidestep the charge as Mary leave a huge indentation in the wall knock over a side table and a pot plant in the process . she grab she shoulder in pain . precious back away around the live room to flee . Mary hurl what 's leave of the plant at precious from down on the floor . ( continued ) 63 . 85 continued : 85 precious turn she back to shield Abdul . the pot strike she in the back . abdul scream louder . dirt cover precious . precious stop it mama ! you gon crazy ?!!! as Mary get to she foot ... mary first you steal my husband , then you get I CUT off the welfare you stupid - mouth bitch ! precious I ain't steal nuffin from you mama ! you husband rape I and I not stupid ! mary you be ! you be too ! you be and you always gon be nuthin but stupid til the day you die ! you hear I ?!! stupid !!! tear well in precious ' eye . precious shut up momma ! I not stupid ! I am not stupid ! don't say that ! Mary growls and charge precious again . precious turn the tv over between they . Electrical spark fly as it hit the floor . there be a bang at the door . neighbor ( o.s. ) Mary , leave that chile alone . stop beat that girl Mary . Mary trip and crash down on top of the overturn television . precious dash out of the apartment with only Abdul as Mary struggle to get up . mary i'm gon kill you pig ! precious I don't know how you didn't already . you crazy bitch ! 63a . 86 int . 444 lenox ave . hall outside precious apt - day 86 precious dash out of the apartment with tear in she eye , dirt on she clothes , no coat and Abdul scream in her arm . a little old woman stand in the hallway shaking she head in disgust . mary ( o.s. ) you hear I precious ! get you big , black ass back in here ! ( continued ) 64 . 86 continued : 86 precious look back , trip on the landing and tumble down a flight of step cradling and shield Abdul all the way . thud ! a hard floor abruptly halt precious ' descent . she check Abdul immediately . he be smile . a door open follow by grunt and a crash . precious look up to find the break television tumble down the step towards they . at the last second , precious manage to roll they both out of the way as the television crash to the landing shatter some more . 87 ext . 444 lenox ave . MAIN entrance - day 87 precious burst out of the stairwell with blood stream down she nose and Abdul in she arm . Ruby dash to intercept they . ruby precious what happen ? Ruby place herself between precious and the door while move . precious however , be in a big hurry . ruby precious , could I see you baby now ? I just wanna see . precious show no sign of slow down . Ruby look concerned . ruby precious , what 's wro ... precious knock Ruby out of she way and to the floor without lose stride . Ruby land hard and cry loudly . 88 ext . 444 lenox ave . - day 88 Abdul still in she arm , precious head away from the building under dress . the fall snow have thicken considerably . as she make she way into the distance , precious walk into the snowstorm carry Abdul . 65 . 89 ext . storefront church - day 89 she hear the sound of a choir . she approach the Church basement where the voice be come from . precious stare through the window where choir member be praise the Lord . 90 int . 444 lenox ave . apt . - day 90 Mary barrel into precious ' bedroom yell and scream as she turn the place upside down . she rip down precious ' handprint along with she cyndi lauper poster . she then pick up a brush and hurl it into precious ' mirror , shatter it to piece . 91 int . storefront church - day 91 precious , with Abdul in she arm , be sing along with the choir , happier than ever . Tom Cruise join in clap , the stray dog that lick precious in the beginning at he side . 92 ext . hospital - day 92 precious sit on the step of a hospital . snow still fall . she look confuse . 93 int . hospital - day 93 precious step out of a elevator wet from the snow and still splatter with dirt . she approach a desk with urgency . precious I need to see nurse John . where nurse John at ? nurse he 's on break . he will be back soon . have a seat . precious sit on one of a row of chair by the wall . she try to settle Abdul as he start to cry . the skinny nurse 's leg approach and stop in front of precious . nurse hey ... you do not remember I do you ? ( continued ) 66 . 93 continued : 93 precious look up to find a sour - looking woman glaring down at she . nurse I deliver you last one . precious pause as if search for a response to satisfy this woman . precious look away . the nurse do not leave . nurse you know I be sorry to see you back here . ( beat ) I remember hope that you would have learn from you mistake . precious you do not know I bitch . get lose ' fore I kick you ass . the nurse finally start away . precious bitch ? the nurse turn around . precious I be not make no mistake unless it be be bear . ding ! the elevator door open . John step off between precious and the nurse . precious start to rise and John motion for she to stay seat . he sit beside she . JOHN what happen ? precious my mama kick my ass again . I ain ' give Abdul away . and I ain ' gonna stop school ... I just ... be not . John look concerned . precious speak with great resolve as if force herself to believe she word . ( continued ) 67 . 93 continued : ( 2 ) 93 precious I be gonna get Little mongo back too . ( sigh ) I do not hardly even know what she look like now . do not matter though . that do not matter . John look on heavy-hearted . 94 ext . hospital - dusk 94 precious be dress in a hospital gown and drape in a wool blanket . it be still snow . John hold a umbrella over precious and a bag in one hand as he escort she out onto the driveway and into a large gray van . John place the bag in the van , hug precious , close the door and then wave as the van pull away . precious turn to watch he recede into the snow through the back window . precious ( v.o. ) nurse John say lot of people get out of hospital wif no place to go . his eye look worried though ... wonder what next ? scare now . 95 int . van - night 95 precious ride in darkness cradling Abdul . she look up frighten , take in the other sit around she . shes hold Abdul closer . the dark swallow she whole . dissolve to : 96 int . armory - night 96 bare light bulb hang from the ceiling . precious lay on a bed breast feed Abdul and stare up at the ceiling while cover in a blanket . we sail away to find they be surround by score of rudimentary bed , many of which be fill with other woman of vary age . ( continued ) 68 . 96 continued : 96 a bug lady lie next to she with unkempt hair and sore on she skin . bug lady ( murmure ) ... put you bag in bed with you . put you bag in the bed with you . put them in . tuck them in bed with you ... the skinny woman on the other side sit up and grab herself feverishly as if there be bug allover she . a enormous and ferocious - looking woman in her forties step up , snatch the blanket off of precious and Abdul and walk off . bug lady give the chile back she blanket ! ferocious woman fuck you . I ain ' give back shit . the woman walk away . physically and emotionally spend , precious sigh and then lift she bed 's top sheet , beneath which be a plastic-cover mattress . she then wrap the sheet around Abdul and herself and hunker down . precious rock Abdul gently as she eye wander around the cavernous armory . precious ( hum ) ab C D E F G h I J k L m N 0 p , q rs T U V , W X y Z. ( sing softly ) now I know my ABC 's , tell I what you think of I . precious kiss Abdul on the head . precious ( v.o. ) miz rain say I be move through the vowel and consonant sound faster than even Rhonda Johnson be . maybe could have even catch up to jermaine . maybe ... fade out . ( continued ) 69 . 96 continued : ( 2 ) 96 fade in 97 omitted 97 98 int . armory - later 98 precious sleep soundly . something nudge she slightly . when she finally open she eye ... Abdul be go ! so be she bag . precious spring up in a panic turn in every direction . precious where my baby ?! where my baby at ?! the bug Lady casually point to the exit . the large ferocious woman head for the exit with Abdul in one arm and precious ' bag in the other . she look down at Abdul make " baby " face and sound . precious dash after she but wince in pain grab she pelvic area along the way . the bug Lady follow precious as a speed walker might . precious snatch Abdul and promptly knee the ferocious woman hard in the gut . the ferocious woman moan as she fall to the ground . precious continue kick and stomping she without abandon . the bug girl observe stoically . Abdul wail . as she trounce the woman , precious ' eye fill with a rage we have not yet see . finally , two other woman pull precious away while she still kick at the woman . the ferocious woman , now bloody , fall over on she back with she eye close and she mouth hang open . 99 ext . harlem - day 99 a bright morning skyline stretch over the Hotel theresa . 70 . a99 int . elevator - HOTEL theresa - day a99 Ms. rain , at work a little earlier than usual this morning , look great , and ready for another day . b99 ext . lobby each one teach one - day b99 Ms. rain enter the lobby . the window of the entry door have be smashed . she open the door with a look of trepidation . 100 int . ms. rain' classroom - day 100 Ms. rain step into she classroom carry two bag . she remove she sunglass . the sight before she stop she in she track . she drop she bag immediately . it be precious , sleep on the floor with Abdul in she arm . her hand be cut and bleed pretty bad . Ms. rain look incense . 101 int . SMALL office - later - day 101 precious sit rock Abdul with a bandage hand . Ms. rain , still fume , sit on the other side of the office dial a phone number from a list on the wall . precious ( v.o. ) I can tell by miz rain 's face that I ain ' gonna be homeless no more . only I ain ' so sure where I be go end up though . ms. rain ( sternly ) yes I will hold . ( grumble while on hold ) Safety net huh ? what damn safety net ?! a newborn child ! a new born ! in this fuck day and ... precious ( v.o. ) thas the one time I hear miz rain curse . ms. rain Excuse my language precious . precious nod . ( continued ) 70a . 101 continued : 101 precious ( v.o. ) I feel really sorry for she . she just a ABC teacher , not no social worker . but she all I could think of . Rhonda , jermaine and consuelo appear in the doorway . rhonda hi precious ! jermaine what happen ? ( continued ) 71 . 101 continued : ( 2 ) 101 they start for Abdul immediately . Ms. rain stop they just as quickly . ms. rain good morning girl . tell the other to start write when they come in . whichever one of you be older be in charge until I get back . and consuelo , I know that be not you . so here be $ 20.00 . Ms. rain dig into she purse to find the money . she hand it to consuelo . ms. rain go get something for precious to wear . Quick ! and bring I back my change . the girl nod and leave . 102 int . doorway between ms . rain office and classroom - day 102 Rhonda and jermaine head off down the hall . rhonda how old you be ? jermaine same age as you . rhonda when you birthday ? jermaine when yours ? rhonda I ask you first . jermaine so ... 103 int . SMALL office - day 103 Ms. rain still wait on hold until ... ms. rain well why do not you tell I that before !!! I be sit here half the - ( continued ) 71a . 103 continued : 103 Ms. rain slam the phone down , shake she head , find another number on the wall and then dial again while speak to precious . ms. rain before this day be up , you will have a place to live precious . Ms. rain suspend she frustration with a brief smile as she wait for the other end of the line to pick up . 72 . 104 int . classroom - day 104 jo Ann saunter in . the other girl be write already . Rhonda be at the head of the class display unusually good posture . rhonda ( look at she watch ) jo Ann , you late . jo ann you be not the teacher . rhonda I be today . miz rain busy wif precious . jo ann ( thrilled ) alright !!! ( concerned ) how precious ? 105 int . SMALL office - day 105 Ms. rain hang up the phone . she look tired . precious they have ... something . it 's a immediate open and it 's in queen . precious look concerned . precious queen ? ms. rain yeah . queen ... what do you think ? precious ( beat ) I do not really know queen . ms. rain I either . you should stay in harlem ... long as we can anyway . ( continued ) 73 . 105 continued : 105 Ms. rain take a organizer from she bag , look for another number and pick up the phone . ms. rain I have this West indian friend whose boyfriend be a council member . ( with uncertainty ) we will see what they can do ... 106 int . hallway - day 106 precious exit the girl bathroom carry Abdul . she sport a new sweat suit . she pause before enter each one teach one reception Area and observe Ms. rain speak on the phone for a moment . Suzanne , the school 's administrator stand by . ms. rain ... C -l-a-i-r-e-e ... woman' voice hey precious . precious jump and turn around to find cornrow pass by . precious hi miss Lisa . cornrow ( still move ) how you be ? precious good . how you be ? cornrow I do not know ... I go to see that movie barfly last night ... that piece of shit be depressin ... cute kid . precious thanks . Ms. rain still on the phone . ms. rain I have the information on my desk . can you hold one second ? ms rain place the call on hold . ( continued ) 73a . 106 continued : 106 ms. rain ( to Suzanne ) I think I may be onto something . ( to precious ) come on precious . precious and Ms. rain walk back to she classroom . 107 int . classroom - day 107 Ms. rain and precious enter the classroom as the girl write studiously . Rhonda supervise in a staid manner . clearly she be enjoy she new appointment . ( continued ) 74 . 107 continued : 107 rita how do you spell " Aquarius " ? jo ann what you want to spell that for ? jermaine a-q-u-a-r-i-u-s. rita be that right ? jermaine of course it 's right . I be one of `em . consuelo I wonder can you spell " boy " then . jermaine I wonder can you spell " slut " then . consuelo maybe , but I bet miss Lisa can . 108 int . ms. rain office - day 108 Ms. rain pick up the line hold . ms. rain yes Brenda . thank you . Ms. rain hang up the phone , turn to precious and exhales . ms. rain they can take you . tomorrow ... at a place here in harlem . precious look relieved . ms. rain you just need somewhere to stay tonight . ( beat ) you do not snore do you ? precious smile . 75 . 109 int . ms. rain' apartment - night 109 precious sit at a small kitchen table in a modest but cozy and craftily - decorate apartment . Fresh flower adorne she table . she breast feed Abdul and drink from a tall glass of grape juice . Ms. rain clear the table of plate and take - out container . whitney houston be playing loud . katherine , a sexy black woman who it seem have just awoken , descend the stair . she 's not in a good mood . katherine honey , how many time do I tell you about the music ? she stop in mid sentence when she see precious . her mood change . katherine ( warmly ) you must be precious . hi. Katherine bend down to admire Abdul . ms. rain precious , this be my wife Katherine . precious look confuse . she spit she drink out . a lot of which land on Abdul . she wipe Abdul . precious huh ? ms. rain I say that this be my wife Katherine . precious ' mouth be agape . precious ... oh ... ( continued ) 76 . 109 continued : 109 katherine ( smile at Abdul ) what 's he name ? he 's adorable . precious this Abdul . katherine he look just like you . precious thanks . ( beat ) y'all really marry ? ms. rain yes precious . very much . precious still look confuse . CUT to : 110 int . ms. rain' apartment 110 the lady lounge around the live room . Ms. rain and Katherine hold glass of wine . precious still look as if she 's try to keep up . katherine ... ask yourself . just ask yourself ; if Ronald McDonald be run the show and the price of hamburger skyrockete , would not you be suspicious ? ms. rain I just think you should finish the book . katherine who 's gonna read it ? ms. rain nobody if you do not write it . precious write everyday . you should try it . katherine what do you write about precious ? precious I do not know . stuff in my life . Abdul . ( continued ) 77 . 110 continued : 110 ( beat ) how come y'all do not like McDonalds ? ms. rain Katherine be just draw a comparison so that she point could be more easily understand ... precious ( v.o. ) ms. rain together , this homo lady it 's call a analogy . for talk like tv channel I do not example , my uncle Clayton watch . I be glad Abdul here to use to smoke like a chimney listen in on them though cause I and drink like a fish before know they smart . he get save . a etta James tune begin ... CUT to : Ms. rain and Katherine , high from the wine , spin each other lazily in a playful dance . precious sit watch carefully . she lift and smell the gardenias from the table . precious start to pour a bottle of wine into she glass . precious ( v.o. ) mama say homo be bad people ... a hand intercept the bottle . it be Ms. rain 's . she then pour it into she own glass and take the bottle with she as she return to Katherine . precious ( v.o. ) ... but homo not who rape I , homo not who let I sit up in school 16 year and learn nuffin and homo not sell crack to people in harlem . I wonder what Oprah have to say about that ? Ms. rain look over to precious . ms. rain you okay precious ? precious nod . precious y ' all watch Oprah ? Ms. rain give she a loving smile . ( continued ) 77a . 110 continued : ( 2 ) 110 precious ( v.o. ) miz rain the one who put the chalk in my hand , make I queen of ABC 's . ( continued ) 78 . 110 continued : ( 3 ) 110 precious smile back with gratitude and great affection . 111 ext . ms. rain' apartment - night 111 Ms. rain and Katherine continue dance in the window as precious observe . the evening cityscape sparkles around they . a111 int . advancement house : precious ' room - day / night a111 montage : winter into spring as precious and abdul settle into there new home . 112 int . HOTEL theresa classroom - day 112 streamer hang from the wall . various handwritten version of " congratulation precious " , obviously write by the girl , stretch across the blackboard in uneven-sized letter . precious stand beside Ms. rain hold a small trophy and a check . the other girl flank they stand very straight . all wear big grin . flashpwoowf ! nurse John , without he uniform , have just take a picture of everyone . the girl go straight for the cookie and punch wait atop a orange tablecloth on Ms. rain 's desk . they begin a soul train line and dance around the desk as nurse John approach Ms. rain to converse . precious ( v.o. ) after I settle in halfway house , I work my hardest to memorize letter sound , write in journal and read smaller and fatter book . then I find out Mayor 's office give I literacy Award and check for progress . everybody at the party , nurse John , cornrow and the staff stop in too , but they need to get back to they desk before too long . Whole operation can not stop just cause miss precious get a trophy . even Ms. Katherine show . John discreetly beckon precious over to the side as she blow into a noisemaker . both she and John dance in high spirit . ( continued ) 78a . 112 continued : 112 John hand precious a giftwrap present . she shake it and then open it . it be a leather bound journal with blank page . precious flip through it . ( continued ) 79 . 112 continued : ( 2 ) 112 precious thanks nurse John . they exchange a familiar , moderately complicated handshake . JOHN you be welcome . what be you gonna do with you award money ? precious I owe the chicken place for a bucket that I swipe last year . thas first . after that , get some thang for Abdul . JOHN you know blu ? precious miz rain ? JOHN yeah . precious hold up two intertwined finger . precious like dis . JOHN well she have , have she uh ... get a man ? precious ... no. JOHN well I be hope you could put in the good word . precious the good word ... wif Ms. rain ? JOHN yeah , that 's what I be try to say . precious you be not she type . John look confuse . 80 . 113 int . HOTEL theresa corridor - day 113 precious lead John down the hall by the hand . she stop in front of cornrow ' desk as cornrow converse on the phone while pick she nail . the previously illegible sign on she desk now read " each one teach one " . cornrow ( on the phone notice precious ) hold on girl . cornrow lower the phone and wait for precious to speak . precious miss Lisa this nurse John . nurse John this miss Lisa . cornrow look up at John . precious head back to the party . nurse John and cornrow watch she curiously . precious ( o.s. ) y'all work it out . nurse John and cornrow turn to each other . JOHN hi ... how be you ? cornrow look he up and down then hang up the phone without look . cornrow I get off at 4 . 114 int . classroom - day 114 the room be empty except for Ms. rain stand on a chair take streamer down . precious appear in the doorway and study Ms. rain a moment as if see she for the first time . Ms. rain step down from she chair look tired . precious enter the room . ( continued ) 81 . 114 continued : 114 precious miz rain ? ms. rain precious , I think you go home . precious not yet . I forget to say thank you for my party . ms. rain you be welcome . it be my pleasure . precious just watch she . ms. rain be there something else ? precious I ... no ... ms. rain ( beat ) be you sure ? precious well , I be think ... ms. rain yes ? precious you talk to we girl in the class when we be work out problem and thang and stuff , right ? Ms. rain speak to precious while pick up around the room . ms. rain mm hm ... precious well , who do you talk to ? caught off guard , Ms. rain look at precious curiously . precious ( quickly ) or you probably do not have no problem so ... ms. rain everybody have that precious . ( continued ) 82 . 114 continued : ( 2 ) 114 precious Ms. rain , some folk just get it make in the shade . ms. rain it only look that way . yes , I talk to people all the time for support . precious oh , okay ... I do not have nobody to really speak wif for a long time . I know how that be sometimes so thas why I ask cause almost evrybody need a little help once in a ... Ms. rain abruptly stop what she 's do . precious look alarmed . ms. rain what on earth be you talk about ? precious ( confuse ) well ...only that - well , evrybody need a little help once in a ... ms. rain what ?! precious ( scared ) I jus ... ms. rain you just what ?! precious ( terrify ) I just think that if you might need some ... ms. rain precious ?! precious ( tremble ) ... yes . ms. rain you have help I already . ( continued ) 83 . 114 continued : ( 3 ) 114 precious look both confuse and relieved . Ms. rain sit while motion for precious to do the same . precious ( sit ) me? I never ... precious stop as Ms. rain look away as if gather she thought . finally ... ms. rain last night I have a conversation with my mother , and that never happen cause we relationship be .... complicated . we do not speak , and when we do , it always end in a fight about my filthy misguide existence . most time I feel terrible for day afterwards wonder whether all the hateful thing she say be true . that day I just feel like ... like ... precious nuffin ? ms. rain ... yeah . I do not feel so bad this time though . ( beat ) Cause this time I think about how strong you have have to be and then I decide that I have nothing to be ashamed of and that my mother be wrong about I , my dad and 5 or 6 hundred other thing . you ask if you can help I ? baby , you already have . precious ... for real ? ms. rain that 's the for real , hope to die if I be lie truth . now should not you be out the door ? precious I jus help you finish up first . I get some time . ( continued ) 84 . 114 continued : ( 4 ) 114 ms. rain ( stand ) suit yourself . Ms. rain motion to the other end of a long fold table . precious take hold of it and they carry it across the room together . as we watch from a distance ... precious ( v.o. ) some folk get a light around they that shine for other people . I think maybe some of they be in a long tunnel before . and in that tunnel , maybe the only light they have be one that be inside of they and then -even long after they escape that tunnel , they still be shine for everybody else . thas miz rain to I . 115 int . advancement house : precious ' room - day 115 precious ' trophy sit on the windowsill beneath a thin a layer of dust . a stack of book sit on she bureau . colorful letter and number hang on the wall . beneath they hang postcard feature Zora Neal hurston , Alice Walker , Maya angelou and Oprah Winfrey . Abdul sleep in he crib . precious make she bed . precious ( v.o. ) in a book I read , a lady escape to a 1 / 2 way house . and the lady , she ask the people there just what a 1 / 2 way house be . they tole she , you be 1 / 2 way between the life you have and the life you want to have ... thas nice . that also mean I can not stay here forever and that there be still a way to go . it be something to get apartment of my own . 85 . 116 ext . advancement house park ground - day 116 a larger Abdul step towards we with precious behind he wear a cotton dress that look vaguely like one Ms. rain might wear . precious ( v.o. ) Abdul nine month old and walk ! smart too . I be read to he since the day he be bear almost . barely talkin ' and he countin ' . r117 int . advancement house / pool - day r117 precious play with Abdul in the shallow end of the community swim pool . precious ( v.o. ) mama , daddy , i.s. III and 444 lenox Avenue already seem like a past life or some old bad dream . I wish I could have start out from here but still wif Abdul and poor mongo . 118 int . advancement house : precious ' room - day 118 precious look out of she open window with a glass of water in she hand . knock knock knock . precious come in ... precious close she window . the door to she room open . chelsea , a 30 - s0mething social worker step in look slightly uncomfortable . chelsea precious ... you have a visitor . precious thas Rhonda . she always early . precious rise . ( continued ) 86 . 118 continued : 118 precious I should have say 4 ' cause then that way ... chelsea it 's not Rhonda . precious stop . 119 int . advancement house hallway - day 119 precious descend a staircase to a long corridor clearly deep in think every step of the way . she stop momentarily to straighten she clothes . when she finally reach a day room at the other end of the hall , she look through its window for a moment . Mary sit inside crush and dwarf the couch upon which she wait . she look frail . her wig be half comb . she 's nervous . her sweaty hand crumple she cigarette package . precious cover she nose a moment , lower she hand , ready herself and then step into the room . 120 int . day room - day 120 once inside the room , and for the first time , precious ' soft face look like stone . Mary look up with a brief but quickly fade smile that be pathetic , apologetic and grim . precious wait . the air be thick without a single word between they . finally , Mary look down . mary you daddy dead . precious look surprised for a moment but still compose . Mary wait for a response . precious ... be that all ? ( continued ) 87 . 120 continued : 120 mary no. ( beat ) Carl ... Carl have that aids virus . a previously unseen woman sit across the room look up from behind a newspaper . precious stay stone - face until she finally gasp as the aftershock of the revelation hit she squarely . the man across the room collect he hat and coat and leave . insert - glimpse of carl removing he belt , carl thrusting on top of precious , precious following abdul taking early step . we return to the dayroom as precious open she eye and lift they to Mary slowly . precious ... you get it ? mary get what ? precious the aids virus . mary no . precious how you know ? mary we never do , you know ... precious no , I do not know mama . mary we never do what you get to do to get it . precious he never be wif you ? mary yeah ... but not like faggot , in the ass and all , so I know . precious be speechless . it look as if some of she anger have suddenly be displace with pity . ( continued ) 88 . 120 continued : ( 2 ) 120 precious sigh . precious you better go to the doctor ma. Mary look up delicately . mary you welcome back home . precious I be home here . ( beat ) I better go see ' bout Abdul and do homework . Mary do not move as precious leave . Mary sit stare at the floor at the far side of the room . 121 int . advancement house : precious ' room - day 121 precious enter , take Abdul from he crib , hold he closely and sit on she bed . moment later , a tapping on the window draw she attention . precious rise to find Tom Cruise hurl pebble up at she window in a leather jacket . a motorcycle sit a few foot away from he . he beckon she . she stare down at he with solemn eye . Tom finally mount he bike and vanish into thin air while revving its engine . Mary then cross the frame where he be . precious turn to Abdul and kiss he on the head . dissolve to : 122 ext . STREET - day 122 precious walk over the crest of a hill deep in think with she hand in she pocket . the constant hum of the city seem lower than usual as precious ' footstep make the most prominent sound . ( continued ) 89 . 122 continued : 122 from this distant view , it appear as if she be almost walk in place . 123 int . HOTEL theresa classroom - day 123 Ms. rain stand before the blackboard with a piece of chalk in she hand point to the word " unrelent " , which be write behind she . consuelo be miss and two new girl , aisha , indian and from guyana and bunny , very thin with bad teeth have join the class . ms. rain rita , what do I mean when the author describe she protagonist 's circumstance as " unrelent " ? rita I do not know miz rain . ms. rain c'mon rita , think about the question before you just give up like that ... Ms. rain 's voice trail off as we find precious lose in think . 124 int . clinic - day 124 precious wait in a small gray office . a female counselor with sympathetic eye carry a file sit across from she . her eye say everything . the counselor place a hand on top of precious ' . 125 int . HOTEL theresa classroom - day 125 all the girl write in they journal except for precious , who again look preoccupy . Ms. rain watch she . ms. rain precious ? precious do not respond . ( continued ) 90 . 125 continued : 125 ms. rain precious ? the entire class look up at precious . Ms. rain wait for a response . ms. rain precious , bring you journal to I . precious wait a moment and then shake she head without look up . Ms. rain go to she desk and pick up the journal without resistance . the word " why I ? " sit alone on the page with line cross through they . Ms. rain return the journal to precious ' desk still open to the same page . ms. rain precious , would you come to my office for a moment ? precious do not respond . the class still watch curiously . Ms. rain , step back , sit on the edge of she desk and fold she arm . ms. rain preci- precious nurse say I be h.i.v. positive . the air change sharply . everything stop . precious exhales . precious I do not have nuffin to write today and I do not hate no one . not even my muhver . my head be all dark inside so I do not have nuffin to write today ... maybe nuffin never . rita rise , walk to precious and embrace she . tear well in precious ' eye . ( continued ) 91 . 125 continued : ( 2 ) 125 still try to stay compose , precious wipe she face . Ms. rain rise , walk to precious and rub she back as she look around to the other girl who be still stunne . rhonda you baby okay ? the class wait on pin and needle . precious do not answer at first and just look down until ... precious yeah . he good ... wo not bress feed he no more to be safe . ms. rain ( to precious ) one time in you journal you tell I that you have never really tell you story . ( softly ) write . precious ' eye well up some more . she wipe she face again . precious what for ? how ?! I feel like I be drown inside a giant river miz rain . thas what ... precious stop herself abruptly as if be overwhelm by a sense of futility . ms. rain I think tell you story will get you over that river precious ... precious erupt hurl she journal sharply across the room . it bounce hard off the blackboard and stop abruptly on the floor facedown . precious fuck you ! you don't know nuffin what I be through !!! I never have no boyfriend ! my daddy say he gonna marry I but how he do that , fucking I illegal ? I never be no child ! not even one day !!! the class look shocked . precious ' wet eye be fill with fury . ( continued ) 92 . 125 continued : ( 3 ) 125 a moment later , Ms. rain walk calmly across the room , retrieve the journal and place it back on top of precious ' desk . ms. rain open you notebook precious . precious ( exasperate ) I be tired miz rain ! ms. rain I know you be but you can not stop now . you gotta fight through this . you still have to live you life and do the best you can with the hand you have be deal . if not for yourself then for the people who love you . precious huff cynically . precious nobody love I . thas a lie . ms. rain people do love you precious . precious please do not lie miz rain ! Love ?! I ?! Love rape I , beat I , call I animal , get I sick and make I feel wurfless . I have enough love . ms. rain that be not love . there be people in this room who love you . you child love you too . be that clear precious ? now if rita decide to just give up ? would you let she ? precious do not answer . ms. rain would you ?! precious ( reluctantly ) no. ms. rain and why not ?! ( continued ) 93 . 125 continued : ( 4 ) 125 precious do not answer . ms. rain because you love she ... as much as she love you . precious look to she side and find rita smile reassuringly through she crooked tooth . ms. rain now the rest of the world can judge you , cheat you , beat you , dismiss you and abandon you all it want but we will not let you give up and that 's the only thing that matter . some people have less than that on they side and still manage to keep go . ( beat ) it 's up to you . precious think a long moment , wipe she face and exhales . she do not move for what seem like age . the whole class watch she until Ms. rain motion for they to continue work . finally , precious take hold of she pen , open she journal , sigh deeply and start to write again . 126 ext . park - day 126 we young lady and Ms. rain be seat around a picnic table eat , laugh , talk and write in they journal all at the same time . precious have find friend . as we watch Rhonda ... precious ( v.o. ) some thing be hard to say and maybe not you business no way but Rhonda 's brother rape she for year and when she muhver fine out , she throw Rhonda out she house . as we watch rita smile ... ( continued ) 94 . 126 continued : 126 precious ( v.o. ) rita 's daddy kill she muhver in front of she eye and rita be out on the street sell herself since she 12 . as we watch jermaine laugh ... precious ( v.o. ) jermaine say mens beat she and then rape she for what she be . muhver throw she out the house when she fine out that she different from other girl . as we watch Ms. rain . precious ( v.o. ) miz rain still a sort of mystery , but a nice one like the sun . as we watch the group from a distance ... precious ( v.o. ) miz rain right too . this girl be my family now . they visit I at hospital when I have Abdul and even take up a collection when mama kick I out . they get love in they eye and in they heart for I , same as I get for they . 127 int . child psychologist's office - day 127 Ms. Weiss speak from behind she desk as precious sit on the couch beside she backpack look bored . ms. weiss ... you know you can use you notebook between session claireece . precious I do . ms. weiss I mean you can use it specifically for try to recover certain early memory . precious nod mechanically . ( continued ) 95 . 127 continued : 127 precious ( v.o. ) tire of this lady ask I question . miz rain say talk anyway but miz Weiss just a spy for the State who write report on I undercover . report go in file . file say what I could get , where I could go and if I could get cut off and kick out of advancement House . ms. weiss ( beat ) what be you think ? precious nothing . ms. weiss oh I doubt that claireece . it seem like you be always think about something . precious I do not know . it 's sort of hot in here I guess . ms. weiss it be , be not it ? as a matter of fact , I be go to get myself something to drink . would you like something to drink claireece ? precious a soda sound nice ... please . ms. weiss what kind ? precious I do not care . ms. weiss oh c'mon , you must . precious Orange . ms. weiss okee dokee . Ms. Weiss collect some change , grin at precious and then step out of the room leave she purse open on the desk . ( continued ) 96 . 127 continued : ( 2 ) 127 ms. weiss back in a jiffy . the moment the door close , precious dash across the room for the file cabinet behind Ms. Weiss ' desk . precious search the drawer in the cabinet and rifle through the file . 128 ext . hallway - day 128 Ms. Weiss insert several piece of change into a vend machine and press a button . a can of soda clunk down through the bowel of the machine . 129 office 129 pour through the " J " file , precious stop at Jones and then first go for " p " . she see nothing , suck she tooth , think a moment and then look for " C " . 130 hallway 130 Ms. Weiss saunter back towards the office whistling softly with 2 soda in she hand . 131 office 131 precious finally find the file with she name on it and look up as footstep sound outside the door . Ms. Weiss step in . precious be now seat on the couch again with a corner of she file protrude from she bookbag . Ms. Weiss hand precious she soda . precious thank you . ms. weiss you know you mother 's be call here want to come visit . precious really ? ms. weiss would you like she to come to a counseling session with you ? ( continued ) 97 . 131 continued : 131 precious I do not know . I never really think about it before . ms. weiss well that 's just one more thing to consider before I see you next week . Ms. Weiss smile at precious . precious smile back . 132 int . advancement house : precious ' room - day 132 jermaine rock Abdul 's crib with one hand while look at the file with precious as both girl sit cross - legge on precious ' bed . precious read carefully . precious ' I have just finish a session with claireece precious Jones , a eighteen - year - old African american female . accord to she teacher at each one teach one where she attend school she be a pen - , phen - jermaine ... ' phenomenal ' precious ... success . have make stride so tre-men-tremendous in the past year , she be give the mayor 's award for outstanding achievement . she seem actively en ... engage in all aspect of the learn process . however , she tabe test score be disappointingly low ... ' not to miz rain ! not to miz rain ! ( continue ) ' she score 2.8 on she last test . ' so what ! miz rain - jermaine get a grip and go ' read the report and do not get all emotional about what this silly hoe get to say . anyway , if you shit be not dope you would not be stand up here readin ' - what , what 's she name ( look up on the page ) ( continued ) 98 . 132 continued : 132 Ms. Weiss . what Ms. Weiss get to say . precious continue . precious ' she will need at least a 8.0 before she can enter G.E.D. class and begin work toward she high school e-q... equivalency . ' surprise and impressed , jermaine double take on precious . jermaine ... Nice . precious thanks . ( beat ) ' Abdul be the client 's second - bear child . he 's from all outwhere ... jermaine ' outward ' ... precious ' appearance , a healthy and welladjusted toddler . precious attend to he need a-s-s-i-d-u-o-s-l - y ... precious and jermaine look at each other . both be at a loss ... precious &amp ; jermaine whatever . precious ... ' and with great affection and ee ... ' jermaine ' eagerly ' precious ... ' seek any and all information on child rear . the time and resource it would require for this young woman to get a G.E.D. or into college would be considerable ' ... precious stop read abruptly and hand the file to jermaine . jermaine look at precious oddly . ( continued ) 99 . 132 continued : ( 2 ) 132 precious finish read this ... I know what 's come . jermaine pause and then continue read the file as precious rise and pace the room . jermaine ' although she be in school now , it be not a job readiness program . Nonetheless , claireece be capable of go to work . in January , she son will be two year old . in keep with the new initiative on welfare reform , I feel claireece would benefit from any of the various workfare program in existence . despite she obvious intellectual limitation she be quite capable of work as a home attendant . ' precious I do not want to be no motherfuck home attendant ! I wanna be ... jermaine hush ! ' my rapp -o- r-t with precious be minimal . although I be not sure with whom , she evidently have access to counseling service provide by each one teach one . she have a history of sexual abuse and be h.i.v. positive . ' precious she say she not put that in my file ! bitch ! jermaine that 's the bitch 's job , to get the mofuckin ' goods on you ! ( continue ) ' the client seem to view the social service , afdc , as take care of she forever . ' jermaine set the file down and look up at precious . precious ( beat ) that file do show one thing - that ( continued ) 100 . 132 continued : ( 3 ) 132 this hoe do not know nuffin wurf know about claireece precious Jones . precious I be get my G.E.D. , a job , and a place for I and Abdul , then I go to college . I do not want to ' home attend ' nobody ! jermaine you better put this shit back before you get in trouble . we talk about it with Ms. rain in the morning . 133 int . advancement house hallway - day 133 precious hurry into a room carry Abdul . the sign on the door say " daycare " . precious dash out of the room alone . woman be ( 0.s. ) and do not be come back late for he bad ass neither . 134 ext STREET - day 134 precious march to school with she bookbag and red scarf . she clearly have a lot on she mind . precious ( v.o. ) miz Weiss just part of the gang but definitely not cool . and social worker look at I like I be ugly freak who do something to make my own life like it be . I guess I be try to figure out just what have happen to I while miz Weiss just hell bent on make I go wipe old people 's ass . precious cross the street . precious ( v.o. ) get to sort dis out quick though ' fore Abdul 's next birthday - come up fast . 135 int . HOTEL theresa classroom - day 135 the whole class write until Ms. rain look at she watch and ... ( continued ) 101 . 135 continued : 135 ms. rain time be up . do anyone want to share ? the only hand up belong to precious ' . ms. rain okay precious . precious I do not really want to read all I write , I jus ' wanna kinda say what it be I be write about and how it come about . aisha what happen ? precious well , to make a long story short , the counselor at advancement House quiz I about mama and daddy etc. , etc . but it 's really about workfare . she want to send I out as home attendant . rhonda how you know ? precious Cause I steal my file from advancement House and read it . the class gasp . jo ann next time get mine 's too . precious all this ' what you wanna be ? ' and ' you can talk to I . ' they ain ' no motherfuck therapist on we side , they just flunky for the ' fare . I wanna work , but not for no motherfuck welfare check in Central Park -displace brother and sister who really get job clean up ' cause I be there work for free . jermaine speak while slouched in she chair with she foot cross and arm fold . ( continued ) 102 . 135 continued : ( 2 ) 135 jermaine and what kinda shit be it for someone like precious to have quit school before she get she G.E.D. to work at some live - in job for some old - ass cracker . she will never make a rise she get stick in some shit like that ! ms. rain sit up straight jermaine and watch you language . both of you . please . jermaine reluctantly sit up . ms. rain now I see you point , but be steal ... precious miz rain , if I do not steal that file I would not know what I be face ! ms. rain you read the whole thing by yourself ? precious yeah ... basically . jo ann Rhonda home attend . say old bitch would ring a bell when she want Rhonda in the night ! jermaine Rhonda use to have to go all the way out to Brighton Beach where she work for they people . precious the people have she there all day and night - ' on call ' they call it . but you only get pay for 8 hour so that 's 8 X $ 6.37 ( refer to she notebook ) = $ 50.96 a day , but then you be not really get that much cause you be work more than eight hour a day . you be work 24 hour a day and 50.96 divide by 24 be ... ( continued ) 103 . 135 continued : ( 3 ) 135 ( refer to she notebook ) $ 2.12 by my count . jo ann Rhonda say old bitch would ring a bell - a actual bell - when she want Rhonda in the night ! precious Home attendant usually work six day a week . I would only see Abdul on Sunday ? when would I go to school ? ( beat ) be I gonna hafta go be home attendant like Rhonda be ? ms. rain no ! so stop worry about it . we will cross that bridge when we get to it . trust I - no , trust yourself . my concern now be that if this Ms. Weiss be someone you be work with and can not trust , she 's out ! we gotta find somebody else . precious ( beat ) well , I just write in my notebook till I get wif some kinda therapist I can trust . actually that always help I more than talk to she . plus , I be go to start go to meeting wif rita for insect survivor . bunny incest . precious that 's what I mean . bunny well it be not what you be say . precious what 's the big deal ? bunny one 's where you family molest you , the other be like a roach or bug . ( continued ) 104 . 135 continued : ( 4 ) 135 ms. rain precious , have you ever have you hearing test ? precious no . I never really have nothing test ... nothing like that . glass be what I really want so my eye do not hurt when I be read at night . the sound of a rumbling bus engine accelerate lead we to ... 136 int . CITY bus - day 136 rita look out the window of a move 102 bus and then step across the aisle and sit beside precious who stare out the window pensively . precious ( v.o. ) rita and I on we way . I look at subway map sometimes and wonder where I be if I go to the end of the line . jermaine say there be a white boy wif a baseball bat when you get off . rita say it 's not true , or if it be true , it 's only part true . the bus come to a stop and the girl dash out the back door . 137 ext . upper west side subway exit - day 137 precious and rita climb up out of the subway . 138 ext . STREET - day 138 precious and rita walk with precious look around as rita hum quietly . 139 int . meeting room - day 139 in a simple meeting room , woman of all different age , color and strata sit in a large circle . irene , a gorgeous slender blond with lustrous hair and sparkling eye stand . ( continued ) 105 . 139 continued : 139 irene hello and welcome to we Tuesday night beginner 's meeting ... my name be irene . I be a incest survivor ... precious look utterly amaze . her jaw drop . from here , the woman 's voice be so faint that they be barely audible as we hear precious ' thought . precious ( v.o. ) irene this girl look like a movie it start when I be about 4 star and she in here too ?! or 5 year old with he all kinda woman in here . fondle I . by the time I princess girl , big girl , be 12 , he be have old woman , young woman , white intercourse with I 3 or 4 woman , lotta white woman . Times a week ... a montage of other woman stand and speak follow . as the woman talk , precious ' face fill with the wonder of see the world through the window of a spacecraft head for re-entry . candace , sixties , white speak next . precious ( v.o. ) candace what be I hearing ?! what in .... I do not remember what my h the world ?! one hour and a father do to I for so many alf woman talk . how can this year until after he die ... happen to so many people ? caitlin , 20' , white speak . precious ( v.o. ) caitlin and this be just the one ... I be a proud lesbian . but that come out to the meeting . it 's the only thing I be proud what about the rest ? do I of . I be confine to a pass they in the street and mental institution for 14 do not know ? year .... finally , precious stand . she look around as if see from the top of a mountain . finally she clear she throat and then ... precious I be rape by my father and beat by my mother ever since I could remember anything at all . raped and beat by both . ( continued ) 106 . 139 continued : ( 2 ) 139 the worst part about it ... the part even worse than they doin ' it ... be how shame I feel during the time when my father be raping I and it feel ... good . anyway , I see a girl and always think I know how easy or bad she have it just by lookin' . now I wonder if everybody go through sumthin' - sumthin ' that leave a shadow in they life . ( exhales ) never say alla that before ... precious look around the room to find herself surround by understanding eye . precious anyway , thas all I would like to say for today . thank y'all for let I share ... irene nod and precious sit . rita squeeze she hand . another woman stand up to recount she story . precious look aglow . precious ( v.o. ) everything be float around I now . like geese from the lake . I see fly . feel fly . be fly . Far up ... thank you rita for get I here on time . 140 int . hallway outside the meeting room - a little later 140 the group slowly emerge . a table with a nice arrangement of cookie stand next to a coffee maker and soda machine . irene chat with candace over a cup of coffee . precious and rita talk with two other young women , miriam , black 20 's long pretty dreadlock and lisa , white 20' . precious ... how you get you hair like that ? miriam oh , you like it ? I do yours one day if you want . that 's what I do - fix people 's hair and makeup . Miriam hand precious a card . precious read the card carefully and put it away with care . precious thank you Miriam . ( continued ) 107 . 140 continued : 140 rita ( to precious ) do you want another hot chocolate ? precious smile and shake she head no . rita get up . precious watch she go as Miriam and Lisa chat . precious ( v.o. ) rita ask I do I want another hot chocolate . I do but I do not want to be greedy , even if she boyfriend do give she money . precious look around at all of the other girl . precious ( v.o. ) I be alive inside . a bird be my heart . mama and daddy do not win . I be win . I be drink hot chocolate on the Upper West side with girl - all kind who love I . how do a stranger meet I and love I ? rita return with two cup of hot chocolate . she give one to precious . precious thanks rita with she eye . fade out fade in r141 ext . mrs . weiss' waiting area - day r141 precious , wear she new scarf and glass , sit in the wait room hold a book in she hand . Abdul play among the little child in the kid area behind she . crumple wrapping paper lay beside she . the book 's first page read : congratulation precious ! i'm so proud of you yet again . love , ms. rain Sheila and Ruby walk in and sit down beside precious . Ruby have a black eye . they sit in silence for a few moment , wait for they turn . secretary ( o.s. ) Sheila hewitt , Ms. rubenstein be ready for you . ( continued ) 107a . r141 continued : r141 sheila ( to Ruby ) go on back there ! ruby but there be no kid there I can play with . sheila do you want I to knock you other eye out ! just sit there and shut up then ! I be go to talk to this lady before my shit get cut off ! Sheila head up the stair toward the office . precious close she book . its cover read : chrystal stair : selected Works by langston Hughes . secretary ( o.s. ) clareece precious Jones ! Mrs. Weiss be ready for you . precious stand up and look down at Ruby , sulk in she chair . she lean down , give she a big hug and tenderly fix Ruby 's hair . precious walk off toward the stair , but stop when she pass a mirror hang on the wall . within the reflection , she see she true self for the first time . ( continued ) 108 . r141 continued : ( 2 ) r141 precious ( v.o. ) one day miz rain ask we to write about we ideal self ... I write that I would be light skinned and small wif wavy swing - job hair . she head up the stair toward the office . precious ( v.o. ) ( beat ) miz rain read all that and then say I be beautiful like I be . I never believe she before but somehow , today , this moment - can not say why , I do . just now ... the inside I think be so beautiful be a black girl too . ( continued ) 109 . r141 continued : ( 3 ) r141 precious turn around to find that Ruby have grab she arm . she then reach up and hug precious tightly . through the embrace , precious find herself face the many mirror on display by the old man on the fold chair . in she reflection , she see the skinny white girl who she have frequently imagine herself as gradually transform into the real precious one by one . 142 ext . STREET - day 142 we tilt down upon a stately pre-war building bath in stark wintry light . ms. weiss ( o.s. ) perhaps we should begin by talk a little bit about the abuse . 143 int . child psychologist's office - day 143 Mary look worse than ever . her hair and clothing be disastrous . she rock somewhat anxiously on the edge of she seat like a desperate salesman look to close a deal . mary ' buse ? ms. weiss yes Ms. johnston . abuse . mary there be no drug in mar house ! no drug ! ' Cause precious know damn well I whoop she ass bright blue if she bring some drug in mar ... ms. weiss I be refer to inappropriate act of a physical and sexual nature involve precious . mary why 'ot you say that ? dat ?! okay . when it first start ? ms. weiss yes. accord to precious ' file she have have two child by you boyfriend , the late Carl kenwood Jones , who be also she father ? ( continued ) 110 . 143 continued : 143 you have be call here say you want to be reunite with you daughter and grandson and that you want they to come home . well I think you would better explain just what happen in that home . precious wait nervously . mary ... well , I , precious b'long at home cause I be a good mother . she have everything . I do tole she that . pink and white baby carriage , little pink bootie sock , dress ; everything I put on she pink . precious , she so smile and healthy . a day do not go by I do not throw she wheeling in the air . I take she up and down 125th Street . I and Carl love precious . I dream of the day we be gonna you know , git marry , git house wif grass , color tv 's in all the room . precious , she bear about the same time as miz West son that get kilt . you remember he do not you precious ? precious look at a loss . mary he bear summertime ' bout same time as you . precious I be bear in November ... far as I know . mary yeah yeah thas right . my little Scorpio chile ! Scorpio 's crafty . I ain ' sayin ' they lie , jus ' you cai not always trust them . precious look embarrassed beyond embarrassment . ms. weiss Ms. johnston , when do the abuse happen , how often , where ? and , when be you first aware of what be go on ? ( continued ) 111 . 143 continued : ( 2 ) 143 mary when ? I do not know when it start . when I remember it ? she still little . yeah , around three maybe . I give she a bottle . I still get milk in my bress but not from she but from Carl suck . I give he tittie , precious bottle . hygiene , you know ? ms. weiss ( floor ) Excuse I ? mary huh ? ms. weiss you mention something about hygiene in connection with ... Ms. Weiss can not go on . mary I bottle she , tittie he . bottle more better for kidz . sanitary . but I never git dry up ' cause Carl always on I . it 's like that you know . chile , man -a woman get bofe . what you gonna do ? so we in bed . I put she one side of I on pillow , Carl on other side of I . Ms. Weiss look as if she 's stop breathe . I think thas the day it start . so he on I . then he reach over to precious ! I say Carl what you do ! he say shut you big ass up ! this good for she . I say stop Carl stop ! I want he on I ! I never want he to hurt she . I do not want he do anything to she . I want my man for myself - to sex I up , not my chile . I God damn it ! so you cai not blame all that shit happen to precious on I . I love Carl , I love he . he she daddy but he be my man ! Mary can not help but to shoot a look of anger at precious while Ms. Weiss pause to regain she composure ... long dissolve to : 112 . 144 int . child psychologist's office - day 144 precious nod reluctantly . mary Lady from each one preach one say she get poem too . in fact ... precious that 's enough mama . that 's ... enough . ( beat ) you know , I do not realize what you be until this day - even after all that thang you do . maybe I do not know no better or maybe I just do not want to but I finally see you crystal clear for the first time . ( beat ) I forgive you too . Mary smile warmly and nod confidently to Ms. Weiss . precious ... but I will never see you again . not even if you dead . Mary 's expression drop . precious turn to Ms. Weiss as Mary start to spring up from she seat . precious ( without look at she ) stay down mama . Mary sit obediently . precious turn to Ms. Weiss . precious I forgive you too . I can tell right now that you be not qualified for dis kind of mess . precious think a moment and grin a grin that seem much older . ms. weiss ... precious ? I be think we might ... precious I take the tabe test again . this time it 's 7.8 . last time it be 2.8. ( continued ) 113 . 144 continued : 144 accord to the test , I be read around 7th or 8th grade level now . High school level next . College after that . ms. weiss ... why congratulation precious . that 's ... precious stand abruptly , startling both woman . she take a step towards she mother . Mary wince . Ms. Weiss look concerned . ms. weiss precious , perhaps it 's best if you remain seat ... precious lean and kiss Mary tenderly on the cheek , turn and gently touch Ms. Weiss ' shoulder . precious take a good look at they both , smile and leave the room . ms. weiss ( o.s. ) precious ?! 145 int . corridor - continuous 145 Ms. Weiss call after she . precious keep walk . ms. weiss ( o.s. ) precious ! precious do not stop . 146 int . child psychologist's office - continuous 146 the woman run to the window . they see precious burst out onto the street . 147 ext . STREET - continuous 147 precious walk down the crowded street carry mongo and Andre . she be happy and fill with hope . Tom Cruise be there chat up another young girl ... she pay he no mind . dissolve to : 148 dedication 148 ... for precious girl everywhere .