" predator 2 " the hunt continue ... written by Jim Thomas & John Thomas third draft January 16 , 1990 " predator 2 : " the hunt continue ... slow fade -in from black : open title sequence rushing forward at ground level , mottle shape racing past camera , slowly resolve into tree , camera rising into a aerial view , speed on , look down on a jungle canopy . we slow and crane up , crest the treealine , the startling sight of the los angele basin , appear before we . title artwork crash onto screen : predator 2 . on this the title bleed into : predator vision of los angele scan the skyline . attract by a strange , distant SOUND , he vision step in , downward , through the canyon of steel , the distort whine of a siren grow louder as the predator 's vision zoom in to rest on a bizarre scene below : a lope yellow wave of flame , accompany by distort sound of crackling and popping , blood - red streak of light darting across the street . suddenly a mushroom ball of heat rush towards we ... ext . objective camera - high angle ~ midstreet - day as a bob - tail truck explode into flame , nearly envelop a late - model cadillac abandon nose - first onto the sidewalk . the keen wail grow louder as we descend through the thick smog and shimmer air of a blister heat - wave ; into the midst of a raging battlefield : behind the truck , ten men , heavily armed with automatic rifle and shotguns , lay down a barrage of gunfire , aim at EIGHT policemen across the street , pin down in doorway , stairwell and behind car . in the center of the street be two police motorcycle , literally chew to piece by gunfire . two officer lie in the street , both bleed heavily and barely alive . further down the street , a blockade of police car have be establish . a policeman dress in bomb-disposal armour and helmet , be hand a fold - out ballistics shield , resembling a cattle - catcher on a train . the officer head into the fire -zone , move towards the down officer , bullet hit rake the shield . ( continued ) third draft 01/16/90 2. continued : 3 from behind the truck , a gunman emerge to FIRE a m~79 grenade launcher at the cop , the explosion warping the shield , throw the cop backwards into the street , leave he unconscious . ext . police line - media barrier - day 4 a block beyond the fire zone , where a dozen mini - cam crews be sequester , the cameramen jockey for position , training they talephoto lense on the action . it could be a scene from the street of Beirut . we move past four reporter , hunkere down behind car and van , offer frantic , run commentary to they live tv viewer , they dialogue overlap . reporter 1 reporter 2 . as drought-ridd Los ... eyewitness - 5 , on the scene . Angeles swelter into for the second time today , we be it 's fifty - ninth day in a war -zone , Dave . two officer of 107 degree weather , down , heavy weapon fire , bullet yet another open everywhere , the police seemingly confrontation between unable to gain control of the drug lord and city police situation . what apparently begin have erupt ... thirty minute ago as a routine traffic citation have now escalate .. reporter 3 ++. just moment ago , as police be attempt a dare rescue of the down officer , a tremendous explosion rock the streat . perhaps a grenade , we do not know , just that another officer be down ... we hold on tony pope , the peacock of guerilla-journalism , the geraldo revera of the street . two assistant , a mutt and Jeff combo , dress in 90 's retro-hip thread , handle the video - cam and the sound as Pope blaze away with he commentary . pope tony Pope , live with ' hard - core , 's on the scene and in you home with another exclusive report . it 's a scene from Dante 's hell , blister heat , fire and smoke , the scream of die man fill the street as vicious drug lord continue to terrorize Los Angeles , wage open warfare for control of the street . just who the hell be in charge ? ( more ) ( continued ) 4 third draft 01/16/90 3. continued : pope ( cont have ) certainly not the cop who be outgun , outman and incompetent to handle the situation . be not it time the mayor , hide cut in he summer home in Lake tahoe , declare marshall law , bring in the national guard and put a end to this slaughter ... the increase wail of a siren overtake the scene , as a unmark police car race towards the barricade . Pope push the camera , force it to track the car as it clip a news rack before leaping onto the sidewalk , accelerate towards the police line . ext . police line - FIRE zone ~ day where a sergeant and several officer kneel behind the patrol car , further protect by portable ballistic shield . they turn as the patrol car screech to a stop . emerging from the car be detective - lieutenanyt mike harrigan , mid-thirty , sweat - soak white shirt , necktie askew , a huge , long ~ frame shoulder holster sling under he arm . harrigan be the ' whip 's of Metro Command , ~- the field commander . harrigan make he way across the street towards the barricade , follow by leona cantrell , strong , handsome , the stride of a athlete , the purposeful countenance of one bear and raise on the street . she wear on she hip a smith and wesson revolver with a custom grip . at she side be daniel ( ' danny 's ) cutter , 37 , a tall , rawnbone , man , harrigan 's childhood buddy and police partner for fifteen year . harrigan approach the sergeant , crouching beside he . by the way he eye scan the street , we realize this man 's lifestyle have be forge in the no-quarter ~ - give arena of the street . this be one smart , tough , cop . harrigan do not keep I in suspense , sergeant . sergeant bad scene , Lieutenant . two motor pull over a truck , stumble right into a narc stakeout . ten colombian , El scorpios , armed to fuck all . ( more ) ( continued ) third draft 01/16/90 4 . continued : sergeant ( cont have ) they be try to get inside that building , they headquarters . keepin’ ‘em pin down but that officer be bleedin’ to death . harrigan look over the top of the car towards the wounded man on the street . harrigan where the hell be special weapon ? sergeant still tie up in that shootout in San pedro . bastard shot down one of we chopper . Real mess . we / be suckin’ hind tit ' till they get here . but Mills and Johnson will not last much longer . we need a assault vehicle to get to ‘em . harrigan study the fire zone for a moment , the die officer , then signal to Danny and leona to approach . harrigan I be gonna go ' chat 's with this asshole ... he grab a shotgun from a officer , give it to Danny . harrigan when I give the signal , give I a Little cover . Danny rack a round into the chamber . danny you get it . harrigan open the trunk of he car , riffling through several canvas bag , a arsenal of weapon visible . he select a cut - down assault shotgun , check the action , and slam shut the trunk . harrigan jump into he car , toss the shotgun on the seat . holding the driver 's door open , he peel out in reverse , over the sidewalk , aim the open door at a telephone pole . the impact rip the door off , which slide across the sidewalk . predator 's Pov of scene from he aerial vantage point as he lock -step in to close - up , focus on harrigan inside the car as he peel out , racing through the barricade ... uw 6a 6b 6c 6d 6e through 12 third draft 01/16/90 5. ext . STREET - day 6a the car lay rubber as it blast through the police line , aim at a oblique towards the burn truck and the down officer . leona swing over the car and open FIRE , join by Danny and the police , a cover fire aim at the colombian . ext . harrigan 's car ~ day 6 B like a plain indian attack on he war pony , harrigan , one foot on the gas , he right arm on the wheel , hike out of the doorway , low to the ground , racing towards the burn truck . ext . burning truck - colombian Pov - day 6 c of the driverless car , fly towards they . they OPEN FIRE , bullet hit explode into the car . ext . harrigan 's car ~ day 6d bullet rip through the car , explode glass , shredd the dashboard and seat , harrigan drop even lower to the ground , bullet hit ricochete off the pavement . as the down officer come into view , harrigan throw the gearshift into park . ext . STREET - day 6e the patrol car lock up , slide past the officer , jerk to a halt , provide cover between the die officer and the colombian . two policemen run from the street , drag the officer to safety , harrigan , shotgun in hand , sprinting low to the ground , head for the cadillac ... six of the colombian , race for they headquarters , fire behind they , they escape cover by harrigan 's car . the officer on the street jockey fer new position , fire as five of the colombian make it through the door , the sixth cut down in a hail of bullet from Danny and leona , now charge down the street . harrigan roll over the cadillac , drop down behind the open driver 's door . he rise , catch the remain four colombian off guard . they swing they weapon to fire but harrigan be faster , the 10 gauge slug rip huge hole through the door , the four colombian blow off they foot . 7 omitted through i2 13 14 third draft 01/16/90 . 6. predator 's Pov of harrigan 13 zooming - in on he , stand in the alley , smoke pour from the shotgun . but the predator be attract by a SOUND , turn upward to see a helicopter , heat -swirl flow from the turbine , look like some gigantic insect . a trill emerge from the predator as suddenly he turn , he vision zooming in on the doorway where the five colombian escape . another trill as he move ... ext . STREET - FIRE zone ~ day 14 harrigan emerge from the alley , police rush from every direction , look at the black helicopter circle high above . harrigan toss the empty shotgun into he car , draw the long - slide .45 magnum automatic from he shoulder holster . Danny and leona race into view . leona Mike , you okay ? harrigan ( all business ) let 's get the rest of ‘em . the sergeant join they , out of breath . sergeant ( panting ) Lieutenant , just get a order from Chief heinemann ... ' secure perimeter , surround building and wait . 's harrigan ( piss ) wait ? for what ? sergeant some bulishit special team . fed , dea , who know ... ( beat ) Christ I be out of shape ... this heat 's kill I . harrigan nlook at building ) we let that bastard get dig in now , we will have to level the building to get ’em out . i5 16 third draft 01/16/90 7. int . loft ~ colombian 's hq ~ day 15 a arsenal , dingy , brick - wall , illuminate by skylight twenty foot above , window shutter by boilerplate , open steel cabinet lining the wall , rack of weapon inside . case of ammunition be stack on the floor . the four colombian , all wear tattoos of scorpion , be shout at each other in rapid-fire spanish as they break out a variety of heavy weapon , a m-60 machine gun , m~203 grenade launchers , AK ~ 47n , h&k mp - 5 's and assault shotguns . the colombian be enraged , craze as they jam clip into the weapon . from a pile of bullet proof vest , one of the man begin to suit up . this be go to be a fight to the death . the leader , a scorpion tattoo wrap around he leave eye and wear a heavy goid scorpion on a gold chain , slam a clip into he weapon . he bend the tail on the scorpion around he neck , revealing a cavity , fill with cocaine . he hold it to he nose , snort heavily . EL scorpio ( scream ) come and get it , pute ! El Scorpio be ready !!! but from overhead , a earsplit crash fill the room , a shower of glass descend on the man . as stunne face turn upward in slow -motion , we hear the chill trill of the predator 's challenge . ext . STREET - downtown LA - day 16 suddenly the faint but distinct staccato stutter of automatic weapon FIRE erupt from the upper storey of the building , a steel shutter blow from the wall by a .40 mm grenade . everyone take cover except harrigan , who look up at the building . harrigan ( quizzically ) what the ... sarge , any of you people in the building ? sergeant ( puzzle ) no. harrigan let 's go . Danny and leona be at he side , weapon ready . ( continued ) 16 17 third draft 01/16/90 8. continued : 16 sergeant ( protest ) Lieutenant , I can not send anyone in there . heinemann 's on he way now ... harrigan well , heinemann can kiss my sweet ass . as harrigan , leona and Danny head for the building , the sergeant , in frustration gesture to two of he officer , wear body armour . sergeant God damn - it , go with he ! the two officer charge after the three detective . int . warehouse - landing - top floor - day 17 Dark , narrow corridor , blister green paint cling to concrete wall , stain and threadbare carpete . harrigan , leona , Danny and the two officer , cautiously make they way up the stair and onto the landing , weapon draw , alert for _any sound , face drip sweat . harrigan , the intense , highly tune warrior , sense the air for some clue , some movement . he turn to Danny , they eye meeting , Danny 's ask , ' where ? 's harrigan , aware of something the other have not yet sense , turn he eye to a door on the leave . he creep forward , place he hand on the wall , feel . he nod . Danny signal to the other who take up position around the door . Danny gently try the doorknob , indicate it 's lock . harrigan neds , leveling the huge .45 . Danny , in one fluid motion , kick open the door , hit the floor as harrigan swing in over the top , eye search the room , weapon bear down on : at least ten Latin women , huddle , terrify like rabbit , berieath they sewing machine , pile of undergarment in various stage of completion proclaim the room a sweatshop . a momentary look of relief as Danny gain he foot . and then , as if hit by a locomotive , the door behind they explode open , one of the colombian charge into the hallway , two automatic weapon , in either hand , firing back into the room . ( continued ) 17 18 19 20 third draft 01/16/90 9. continued : 1 ? a moment of total confusion as the colombian , cover in blood , scream incoherently , eye wide with panic , smashes into one of the officer , knock he to the floor , the rake gunfire as he spin , hit the other officer , send he down the staircase . as the other hit the deck , leona empties she revolver , several shot go wild , three hit impact the madman 's body armour , send he reeling against the wall . he recover , charge down the hallway and up a stairwell . oblivious to the danger , harrigan chase after he , shouting to the other . harrigan take the room ! the other officer be on he radio , call for backup . officer Officer down , fifth floor . we need backup . ext . warehouse ~ rooptop - day 18 the madman rush into view , run like a craze animal . predator 's Pov of madman 19 see from the top of the elevator housing , look down on the colombian , wildly look from side to side , search for the unseen . the predator begin to move towards the edge ... return to scene 20 as harrigan clear the doorway , eye move , scan , see the flee colombian . he run after hin . the colombian reach the edge of the building , still unaware of harrigan , nowhere to go , trap . harrigan approach . harrigan Drop it ! it 's over ! in a panic , still hyperventilate , the madman turn , see harrigan , but then something else , something move , on the elevator housing behind harrigan . madman no ! get away ! ( continued ) 20 21 22 23 24 25 third draft 01/16/90 . 10 . continued : 20 he swing he weapon up ... in a heartbeat , harrigan fire , blam , blam , blam , blam , the hot-load , softnose .45 caliber slug hammer into the man 's body armour ... carry he backwards , three step at a time , seven shot fire , until he hit the edge ... a flash of craze eye as the madman rolis over the top and ... ext . STREET below - taco stand - day 21 slam face down through the canopy , a fatal belly ~ flop , dead - center into the salsa and mound of avacados . ext , rooftop ~ day 22 harrigan slam another clip into the .45 with a powerful thrust . he look up at the sun . harrigan damn , it 's hot . he start to move gingerly towards the edge when suddenly he sense something behind he ... instantly he spin , release the slide on the .45 , go into a crouch , eye wide , finger close on the trigger . harrigan stare through the heat - wave , shimmer off the roof . he blink , squinting , see nothing but the elevator housing , cable , fence , no sign of any human ... predator 's Pov of harrigan 23 snap in-close to the huge .45 , point directly at hin . he sense that even though this hunter can not see he , he instinct will cause he to fire the weapon if he move a neh . return to scene 24 harrigan , scan the roof , dismiss the feel to nerve . he lower the .45 , start for the stairway . predator 's Pov of harrigan 25 now move towards he at a oblique angle . the predator move forward , prepare to jump . 26 27 third draft 01/16/90 il . return to scene 26 as Danny , and a dozen uniformed police , heavily armed with shotguns , assault carbine , wear flak vest , burst through the stairwell and onto the roof . danny ( breathless ) Mike , you okay ? harrigan yeah , fine . harrigan again move carefully to the edge , a hesitant look to the street below , Danny casually lean out over the edge , wince at the sight of the body below . he absently finger the gold ST . christopher 's medal around he neck , a habit he do often . he look back at harrigan . harrigan 's look to Danny tell we he do suffer from acrophobia . harrigan I gotta get down from here . {to the officer ) search the roof , work you way down ... check every floor . there may be someone else . seal it off , no one leave . ( to Danny ) come on . harrigan and Danny push past the officer , enter the stairwell . int . armory loft - day 27 leona be move slowly around the room , she face shocked , stunne at what she see : the room be literally bath in blood , the brick wall pock - mark and scared from hundred of machine - gun round . Three body , in various position around the room be briefly note . a uniform cop be stand guard beside the door , try hard to ignore the scene . leona , weapon at she side , be stare at a body on the floor . harrigan move alongside she , unprepare for what he find : one of the colombian , blood -stain face barely recognizable , on he back , he body cavity erupt outward in a horrible rent , the edge fuse and cauterize by the predator 's laser . in the b.g. , Danny be search the other end of the room for clue . leona look up . leona ( aside ) so what happen to Juan valdez ? ( continued ) 27 third draft 01/16/90 12. continued : 27 harrigan he 's out front , have lunch . ( quietly ) what the hell be this ? leona ( stunne ) they have be cut to piece . but who ? leona follow as harrigan pick he way around the room , eye take in everything , body , bullet casing , hit on the wall . harrigan maybe somebody be wait for they . leona jamaican ? harrigan they style ... but where the hell do they go ? harrigan turn to the cop at the door . harrigan nobody get in here until forensics arrive ... nobody . ( to everyone ) okay , people , you know the drill . field strip the room . I want the crime scene sketch do in coordinate , line from every bullet hit , piece of glass , body , everything . Danny , at the far end of the room , be study the walis , recreate the firefight in he mind . he reach a alcove , a door slightly ajar . something wrong . weapon raise , he slowly open the door with he free hand , revealing a filthy , unkempt bathroom . his eye go to the floor , a pool of blood collect near the toilet . a single drop of blood splatter into the pool ... a slight whisper of SOUND from above ... Danny wheeling , weapon raise ... against the grimy skylight , twenty foot above , a furtive movement , nearly hallucinogenic , the glass and wall move , then , stillness . Danny 's eye come to rest on the body , still clothed , hang upside down , the Achilles tendon pierce by the skylight handle . Danny back into the doorway . ( continued ) 27 28 third draft 01/16/90 13. continued : ( 2 ) 27 danny ( urgent ) Mike . back here . harrigan appear in the doorway , see the blood , follow Danny 's gaze to the body . Danny , use a broomstick , reach upward , pivote the body , the same gape chest wound , the scorpion tattoo on the face clearly indicate its ... harrigan El Scorpio . danny must be twenty foot . no ladder , no rope ... the uniform cop appear in the doorway a quick double - take to the body before address harrigan . cop Lieutenant . deputy Chief heinemann be downstairs . ( uneasily ) want you and you people out of the building , forthwith . harrigan push past the cop . harrigan son-of~a-bitch . harrigan exit , follow by leona and Danny . ext . warehouse - day 28 harrigan and the two detective emerge from the building . across the street , deputy chief heinemann , in dress blue , stand arm cross , flanke by he driver / bodyguard , the sergeant and several other officer . harrigan start to cross the street , then notice the taco cart , body still in place . he walk to the display , lift the dead man 's head by the hair , study the salsa~encrusted face , the tattoo of two intertwine scorpion on he shoulder . he turn to leona . harrigan I want a name on this joker . he drop the face back into the cart , which hit home with a splat . he head across the street . 28a 30 31 third draft 01/16/90 14 . int . armory loft - day 28a a lone policeman stand guard at the door . we dolly towards the bathroom door , pushing inside . as we crane up , El Scorpio 's body be suddenly snatch upward through the skylight , as if it weigh nothing . omit ( 29 ) ext . sidewalk - day 30 harrigan walk up , face to face with heinemann , who , despite the sweltering heat , be in full uniform and feel it . harrigan deputy -chief heinemann . what a pleasant surprise . we do not see enough of you down here . heinemann save the attitude for someone who give a shit , harrigan . ( gesture ) you disobey a direct order to stay out of that building . why ? harrigan take a step forward . harrigan ( conspiratorially ) do not let this get out , sir , but it 's a fuck war down here . thing happen , and when they do , they go down hard , and frankly , sir , I do not have the time to decipher some bullshit order from the ' Palace 's ... heinemann ( seethe ) direct order from a supervise officer , Lieutenant ! you be in violation of departmental policy ... predator ‘s fov of the scene 31 watch as harrigan , like a cage animal , suddenly lunge forward , he finger stabbing at heinemann 's chest . now snap in tight , analyze harrigan 's speech , sense the anger , the power of he voice . harrigan ( filter ) I get a slaughter up there ... 32 33 through 35 36 third draft 01/16/90 15 . return to scene 32 as the bodyguard / driver rush in , restrain harrigan . bodyguard for Christ sake , Mike . come on . over the bodyguard 's shoulder , harrigan thrust he face forward in anger , shouting at heinemann . harrigan ( continue ) .-- which might have be stop . my ' policy , 's Captain , be to stop it where I find it . I do not roll over for anybody , fed especially , without a god-damn good explanation . the bodyguard continue to ease harrigan away from heinemann , harrigan and heinemann glaring at each other . this one go way back . harrigan be again distract by the SOUND of a helicopter , blade slowly thumping . he shake off the bodyguard , look up , seeing the same black helicopter , circle far above the building . harrigan look away from the helicopter , seeing a team of seven men , dress in suit , a la FBI , carry heavy suitcase , enter the building . a tall man , he back to we , be give order to the man . he then turn and stride to a wait dark sedan . harrigan turn back to the Chief . harrigan what the hell be this heinemann ? infuriate at this disrespect , heinemann point a tremble finger at harrigan . heinemann you clear this area , immediately , get back to you cage at Metro ... or I will have you up on charge . ( to he driver ) let 's go . heinemann enter the car , which speed off . 33 omitted through 35 ext . metro station - downtown LA ~- day 36 a impose fortress of brick and steel bar , concrete pylon extend into the street to prevent car bombing . ( continued ) 36 37 38 third draft 01/16/90 16 . continued : 36 the step to the station house be swarm with every description of criminal , hooker , pimp , and they lawyer . nearby , a open FIRE hydrant gush a torrent of water into the street as a gang of kide take turn , leaping into the stream on inner tube , shoot they into the street . harrigan and he team mount the stair , enter the station . int . precinct -house ~ day 37 close - on a bulletin board contain a november 1997 calender , wanted poster , retirement notice , and two departmental poster read : be safe -- wear you armour ~=- the ass you save may be you own ; and GOD can ’t be everywhere , that 's why he made cop . we pick up and go with harrigan , leona and Danny as they pass through a metal and explosive detector , move with they into the squad room . int . squad room ~ day 38 huge , ringed by filing cabinet , computer and in the center , the inveterate steel desk , detective busily filing report , take statement and interrogate witness . because of the heat - wave , the light be off , but electric fan be everywhere , circulate the hot , sticky air . at the back wall be a series of glass - in office , one of they read : captain pilgrim . we go with harrigan as he pass through the sea of desk , bored detective take statement , deal with the phone . in the b.g. we see several burly cop , hustling a jabber overdose victim through a doorway . he break free , the cop , in a flurry , take he to the floor . pass by several desk we hear snippet of conversation : cop on phone Lady , you get a back - up toilet , call a plumber , not the police . from a detective take a statement from a person of questionable gender . detective ( bored ) straight , gay , or ambidextrous ? ( continued ) 38 39 third draft 01/16/90 17 . continued : 38 at another desk , a line of hookers talk shop , each hold a application form and a laminated hooker 's license , complete with picture , L.A. seal . a young cop be deal with a irate hooker , dress in a revealing , sweat - soak fashion T-shirt and short . cop this license be expire ... hooker bullshit . I pay that fee six month ago . ( turn to friend ) tell this meathead , Charity ... at a desk near the captain 's office , a young man , jerry lambert , be drape over the edge , make time with a attractive female officer , attempt to write a report . though young and a bit cocky , he haircut and clothing a bit dorky , out - of - date , he seem confident , street - wise , tough . he pull the paper from she typewriter , fold it into a hand puppet , move it close to she . jerry ( puppet voice ) so , what you be tell Jerry be that if the right guy come along , you might go out with someone else . officer ( laugh ) I do not say that ... Jerry spot harrigan approach and jump to he foot . jerry Lieutenant harrigan ... harrigan brushes he aside . harrigan yeah , kid , have a seat , be right with you . harrigan reach the door and without knock , open it and enter . int . captain pilgrim 's office ~ day 39 a bank of video monitor on one wall , silently broadcast local news coverage of the war in the street . we catch a glimpse of Pope as well . ( continued ) 39 third draft 01/16/90 18. continued : 39 alongside , a scanner be tune low , provide a up - to- the-minute accounting of the police action in the field . captain B. pilgrim , early 50 's , thick of limb , heavy paunch , a old bulldog veteran of the street , be drape over he window AIR - conditioning unit , suffer miserably in the heat . a electric fan on the desk cool he from behind . without turn , pilgrim begin he lecture . pilgrim ( fume ) do not start with I Mike , heinemann 's already be up my ass so far I will not be able to sit down for a week . he turn , face red , drip sweat , huge stain under he arm , distract by the monitor , he stare at the image . pilgrim ( sotto ) we be not win this war .. ( turn ) and as much as it 's go to piss you off , you be go to have to play the game on this one ... he punch the intercom on he telephone . pilgrim ( shouting ) get I Sullivan at the d.a. 's . and no bullshit about he 's in a meeting . get he . and where 's today 's operation report ? he turn back , pick up a memo from he desk , snap it with he hand . pilgrim ( read ) ' effective immediately , a Federal task force , under the direction of special agent Peter key , will be investigate criminal activity involve the trafficking and distribution of control substance ’... and you will extend he you full cooperation ... harrigan which mean you be cut off my dick and shove it up my ass . ( continued ) 39 third draft 01/16/90 continued : ( 2 ) pilgrim god~damnit , the fed be callin’ the shot . my hand be tie , so do not put I in the middle of this . I be two year short and can not afford to lose you . even if you treat patrol car like they be overhead . that 's three this month . harrigan have a bad muffler and the shock be for ... pilgrim do not interrupt I . pilgrim sit down , turn the fan into he face . the female officer from outside enter , hand he a operation report . officer uh , he 's in a meeting . a quick lock to harrigan as she beat a hasty retreat . pilgrim son~of-a~bitch ... oread report ) you have get a shoot board inquest tomorrow at o-nine -hundre . but we guy be gonna pull through . Hell of a job , Mike . ( sigh ) now , what can I do for you ? despite this tirade , we sense immediately that harrigan cherish this man , would go to the wall for he . he smile . harrigan just want to make sure you and Ruth be come by Ray 's tonight , we be do a little thing for leona -~ it 's she twenty - eighth . pilgrim yeah , yeah , I will be there . the door open and harrigan turn , come face to face with peter keye , tall , studious - look but tough , early forty , hair slightly gray , wear a suit and tie -- a consummate fed . the two man appraise each other . pilgrim Lieutenant Mike harrigan , special agent Peter key , dea . ( continued ) 39 39 a third draft 01/16/90 20 . continued : ( 3 ) 39 key smile warmly , extend he hand . keye ( sincere ) sorry about the jurisdictional intrusion . do not mean to step on you toe but we be attempt to tie the activity of this people together on a national level . I wish I could share more but a large number of deep - cover operative be involved . you know how it be , weve all get a job to do . I be sure we can respect each other 's situation and act responsibly . harrigan look at pilgrim and shrug . harrigan cooperation 's my middle name . see you around . int . squad room - day 39 a harrigan emerge from pilgrim 's office . Jerry again get to he foot . he 's more aggressive this time . jerry Lieutenant , I be the new ... harrigan like I say , kid , have a seat . I / 11 get to you . jerry ( back off ) for okay ... harrigan move on , over to where leona be filing a report at a stand - up , five terminal computer station . harrigan pull she ‘aside . harrigan leona , I want you to stay on this thing . get in touch with narcotic at Central . see who this fed be work with . leona you get it , Mike . soon as [ I finish this report . 40 third draft 01/16/90 al . int . harrigan 's office - day 40 a no - nonsense work office , serve as the detective 's command center . tactical map of the city bristle with multi-color push pin , stack of paper mound the desk , composite sketch and wanted poster fill the wall . Danny be slump in he seat , fan himself with a section of cardboard tear from a pizza box . on the desk be a disassembled electric fan , soldering iron , spare part . harrigan be stand at the window air conditioner unit , which emit only a pitiful squeak , as if on it 's last leg . harrigan test the air flow with he hand . harrigan only thing I get from this be wind burn . he move to the desk , sit . he pull the heavy .45 from he holster , thumping it down on the desk . he look at Danny . harrigan so , what have we get , Danny Boy ? danny the five scorp make the building ... the next minute , they be all hammer . harrigan and not one bullet wound ... danny slice and dice . be not for drug or money , there be a shitload for the take . you tell I . harrigan ( reflect ) remember that psycho few year back . bar on South Main ? danny ( remember ) the martial art freak ? harrigan he kill eight people with he bare hand before we could take he down . ( beat ) somebody with that degree of skill , maybe better , knife , sword specialist ... ( continued ) 40 third draft 01/16/90 22. continued : 40 danny a hit ? = harrigan ( shake he head ) pro would have split when he hear the action . more than one , we would have see they . this guy wait until the last minute , take out four man armed with machine gun by hand and then get by we . danny and the only one who could tell the tale do a header off the building . harrigan the son-of - a-bitch be right there . miss he by second . harrigan my guess , we have get a very skilled psycho out there , bent on revenge . danny one night stand ? harrigan no , I do not think we have see the last of he , he like he work too much . danny ( wry ) . maybe we should put he on the payroll . harrigan yeah , but what if he decide to get a hard - on for cop ? this be ny street , Danny Boy . I want this guy . this be a bad one . I can feel it . Danny get to he foot , look out onto the squad room . he sees Jerry , now with leona at the computer station , obviously , talk about the wonder of Jerry again . leona be listen patiently . and Jerry throughout the follow dialogue we observe leona through the glass . danny I all see what I can nose up . ( beat ) oh , shit . forget to tell you . we get a replacement for ferris. ( more ) ( continued ) third draft 01/16/90 23. 40 continued : ( 2 ) 40 danny ( cont no ) Jerry lambert , billy the kid of rampart Station . harrigan look up , spot Jerry . harrigan that 's a cop ? I think he be here to fix the air conditioning . ( reflect ) lambert , lambert . I know the story . first week on the street he walk into four heavies takin’ down a bank . instead of call for backup , kid take ‘em all out , get a commendation from the Mayor himself . get a real rep as a Lone Ranger . I do not need that . danny he 's suppose to be one of the best black bag man in the department . Real whiz in surveillance and electronics . and that you do need ( beat ) kid actually request to come down here . harrigan that alone make he crazy . danny look like he 's puttin’ the move to leona . harrigan his first big mistake . 40a int . squad room ~ terminal station ~ day 40 a leona , arm fold , be intently listen as Jerry regales she with a war story . jerry ++. so , I say , lady , you be under arrest . and she say , ' why ? 's and I say , because , you be husband be dead , you kill he . and she say , ' I have stab that son-of~a~bitch plenty of time before , and he never die on I ... 's { continued ) 40 a 40 B third draft 01/16/90 24 . continued : 40 a she laugh , politely , move in closer , place a hand on Jerry 's shoulder . leona ( pleasant ) that 's funny . ( beat ) you know , I have hear about you ... suddenly she step in and with a unseen hand , obviously grab he by the ball , Jerry reacting wide - eye , gasp for breath , leona ( mean ) «+. like you last three partner get shot . try that cowboy shit with I , fucker , and you can kiss this good - by ... get it ? Jerry gasp he acknowledgement just as Danny appear . he beam at the two . danny well , I sea you two have meet . lambert if you be up to it , why do not you limp on in and see the Lieutenant . int . harrigan 's office - day 40b harrigan sit back in he chair , reflect . a knock at the door . harrigan look up as Jerry enter , still try to collect himself . he look back at laona and Danny in the squad room . jerry be it she time of the month , or what ? harrigan walk around to Jerry , place a finger on he shoulder , push he down into a chair . harrigan sit on the desk . harrigan this be what I call the ' speech , 's kid . it 's the only one I get , I only give it once , so pay attention . ( beat ) until now , it 's all be fun and game , cop and robber and dunkin’ donut . but you be in the shit , now . Metro Command be a war zone . ( more ) ( continued ) 40b 41 through 43 43a 43b third draft 01/16/90 25 . continued : 40b harrigan ( cont / have ) ( beat ) you ' have get a gunslinger reputation and that make I real nervous . we survive down here because we be a team , ' cause we think and act as one . jerry Lieutenant , I know what I be gettin’ into . I have to bust my ass to get here . harrigan and that scare shit out of I , kid . no one request to come down here unless they be lookin’ for a reputation . there 's no room here for showboat , anyone lookin’ for somethin’ to prove . I will not stand for it . ( beat ) do not get I wrong , kid . we need geod cop down here . and they say you be goog at what you do . but the team come first . you live by that , you will be okay and we will all be there for you . remember , the door swing both way . that ' 's it . he offer he hand . Jerry be a little blow away , but have a instant respect for this man . they shake . harrigan welcome to the war , kid . 41 omitted through 43 ext . cityscape / apartment - bunker hill - night 434a a sweeping pan across the city , move up to one of the building , across a lavish patio and pool area , towards the expansive picture window of the apartment . as we move closer , we can hear the faint sound of moaning :.. int . penthouse apartment - bunker hill - night 43b multi-leveled , garishly opulent , befit the taste of a colombian cocaine lord . in the dim light we see a couple in bed , make love , they body cover by a sweat ~ soak sheet . salsa music play softly in the background . ( continued ) 43b 43c 44 through 45 46 third draft 01/16/90 26 . continued : 43b from outside we hear a muffle SOUND , a dull thud against the floor . instantly the man , ramon vega , colombian , muscular , intense face , pierce eye , push away from the girl , he sense attune to the sound from the foyer . the girl , 19 , Latin , drop dead beautiful , plead for Ramon to continue but Ramon lunge across the bed , reach for a automatic pistol on the nightstand . the ornate double door explode off they hinge as three jamaican , carry silence weapon , burst into the room , revealing a quick view of the foyer , a colombian guard dead on the floor , blood splatter across the gold foil wallpaper . one of the jamaican be on Ramon , smash he across the face , knock he to the floor . a second jamaican yank Ramon to he foot by he hair . the third jamaican , huge , powerfully build , terrifying look , move to the bed . he grin at Ramon , revealing a gold tooth . gold tooth reach out to the girl , cower in the bed , wrap in the sheet . he grab she , pull she to the end of the bed , look down at she terrify face . he admire she body and then push she aside , look at Ramon . he gesture to he man who close the huge door , block we view of the room . predator Pov exterior penthouse ~- night 43 c move swiftly up the side of the building , across the patio and towards the wall of window . 44 omitted through 45 int . penthouse apartment ~- night 46 now in shamble . we move towards one darken end of the room , where we see eerie shape dance on a wall , cast from some flicker light source behind a alcove . as we grow closer , we see the shadow - form of a man 's body , hang by he foot . tight on the terrify , sweat face of Ramon , strange light flicker upward . around the bed , in a eight foot diameter , coffee can contain burn candle , illuminate the scene . a dark form place a dent , galvanize bucket next to Ramon 's head , and a one gallon pickle jar , the lid quickly unscrewe . moving up rapidly to Ramon 's chest , huge hand use a bloodied chicken 's foot to paint a strange symbol on the bare skin . ( continued ) 46 third draft 01/16/90 27 . continued : 46 the terrifying image of gold tooth snap into view , long dreadlock , yellow , rheumy eye . the huge man toke heavily on a ten inch spliff , spark and flame fly from the end . he pass the spliff to someone beside he , exhaling a huge cloud of smoke as he do . he grin , revealing again the gleam gold tooth . in the shadow we see , six other jamaican , all heavily armed with shotguns , automatic weapon , and pistol . a long , wick - look cane knife be whipped from its scabhard , the razor - sharp edge glisten in the candlelight , Ramon plead for he life , he macho countenance betrayed by he tremble voice . ramon I can pay you ... two million , in cash . right now . the gold - toothe jamaican grin , hold up the knife . gold tooth ah , this not be ' bout money , mon ... this be ' bout power . there 's a new king of the street . this be his™ message to you people -- you be history , mon . another jamaican voice from the shadow . jamaican ( laugh ) dat 's dread , mon , that 's dread . gold tooth but the King say it be not enough to kill you , mon ... ( hold up pickle jar ) he want you soul . he walk in the shadow~land ... ( beat ) voodoo-magic ... a chill chorus of laughter from the other , as gold tooth lean in close , place the knife against Ramon 's chest . gold tooth but it do not mean shit , mon , it 's all the same to I . ( beat ) I will tell you what I believe ... 47 48 third draft 01/16/90 28. predator 's Pov close on gold tooth 47 as the huge man lean in closer to the colombian 's face . gold tooth ( whisper ; filter ) ' shit happen . 's dat 's what I say , ' shit happen , mon . 's return to scene 48 gold tooth laugh , chill , terrifying . suddenly he eye go cold as he drive the point of the knife into Ramon 's jugular ... a gout of blood splattering across the girl 's chest and face . she scream , horrify , back into the wall , slide to the floor . a laser beam silently flash , the dot center on one of the jamaican 's chest . his eye roll down curiously and then towards the source ... as he chest cavity explode in a froth of blood . a momentary pause before gold tooth scream , pull a baretta 92 from he waistband , turn and open FIRE in the direction of the attack . on cue , the other OPEN FIRE , the room erupting with the stroboscopic thunder of gunfire , continue on for what seem like a eternity , the bullet blast away chunks of concrete , plaster , wood and glass from the interior wall . the fire stop , the room grow silent , float on a heavy fog of gun smoke . the interminable silence press on as the jamaican stare into the blackness , deadly , anxious face probing the room , and then ... one of the jamaican be rip off he foot , drive backwards at incredible speed , a net of fine wire , drive itself into the wall with self - driven bolt , the man trap behind the taut wire , bury itself into he face , a lattice - work of bloedline appear . through the room , a blur of movement , now behind they , a jamaican spin around to fire , two dart thudding into he chest , a third stick in he forehead . another blur of movement , through the middle of the jamaican , one man turn to see the gleam blade of the predator 's fighting knife as they erupt from another man 's chest , the man pitchforked through the air . ( continued ) 48 49 52 third draft 01/16/90 29 . continued : 48 the stunne jamaican open FIRE where the knife be a second ago , but from he leave , a telescoping spear rocket into view from near the floor , drive into he chest , the man also flip through the air like a pole vaulter . the room grow silent as gold tooth circle in and out of the light . he look down , the breech of he baretta open , out of bullet . from the shadow -edge , the vague outline of the predator resolve , now become visible . the colombian watch widerey in fear as the predator move forward , crossing in front of he as he close in on gold tooth , frantically try to load another clip into he weapon ... the twin knife blade flash into view ... predator 's Pov of gold tooth 49 in jump cut as we move in on gold tooth 's face ... omit ( 50 - 51 ) ext . STREET / parking structure ~ penthouse - night 52 one radio car be near the front entrance , a officer stand beside a open door . down the street , other car be beginning to block off the street . a dark - color cargo van , dent and rusted , several antenna on top , be park nearby , the side door open , Pope 's crew frantically prepare they equipment as Pope use a make - up kit to do a quick pancake job . the inside of the van be cluttere with camera equipment , clothing , sleeping bag and a rack contain several police scanner . harrigan 's unmark car accelerate down the street , skid to a halt . as Danny and harrigan emerge , another car approach from the other direction , carry Jerry and leona . int . jerry and leona 's car - night as they pull to a stop , they see Pope , follow by he crew , scuttling across the street towards harrigan . pope - ( faintly hear ) Lieutenant , be this another gang massacre . the jamaican ... ( continued ) 52 s2a third draft 01/16/90 30 . continued : 52 leona Jesus , it 's Pope . that parasite must sleep in he car . jerry ; I all handle it . p.r. 's my specialty . leona ( annoyed ) be there anything that be not you specialty ? as leona exit and head towards Danny and harrigan , Jerry head for Pope . ext . STREET - jerry and pope - night s2a as Pope hustle across the street , Jerry slide in front of he , halting he progress . he begin a rapid-fire rap as he back Pope towards he van , he crew stand by , dumbfounded . jerry tony , my man ! pope who the hell be you ? jerry {rapid fire ) you biggest fan , tony . catch you all the time . ' dumpster dive Mom give birth to Rat baby ; :' ' lap Dog explode in microwave ; ' adulterous siamese twin Marriage on the rock , Split imminent . 's Love you shit , tony , love it . pope ( protest ) you can not do this , I be ak ... they reach the van . jerry listen , tony , let I give it to you straight . I , I appreciate aggressive , avant - garde journalism , but that guy over there , they be not too hip , you know . pope this be a violati ... ( continued ) 52a 52b third draft 01/16/90 31 . continued : 52a jerry De not interrupt I , tony ... mlaugh ; crazy ) why hell , they have just as soon shoot you ass . if I be you , tony , I have go root for some garbage somewhere else . know what I mean ? I know you oo . ( gesture ) tony , do not disappoint I . he turn and walk before Pope can respond . ext . patrol car - night 52b where harrigan , Danny , and leona be talk to the two patrolmen . Jerry approach . patrolman ... that 's when wa take the call . checked out the inside for perp . Jesus , it 's a bloodbath . over the patrol car 's radio , a dispatcher 's voice break in . radio dispatcher ( v.0 . ) ( filter ) all unit respond San pedro and 5th Avenue , be advise Federal officer will handle investigation . all unit block off area between flower and 6th avenue . do not enter premise , Federal officer will handle . harrigan look at Danny , then to the officer . harrigan you do not hear that . patrolman you be the boss . harrigan let 's go . in a deat move , Jerry slide the patrolman 's five cell flashlight from he belt holster , hand it to harrigan . jerry you might need this . ( to the officer ) t’1l guard it with my life . 53 third draft 01/16/90 32 . int . penthouse apartment ~ night 53 the powerful beam of the flashlight sweep through the apartment , play across the once lavish wall , now rent with bullet hit , and on the floor , amid the debris , hundred of spend casing along with handggun , shotguns , and automatic weapon . harrigan ( grimly ) look familiar ? danny ( uneasy ) where the hell be they ? as if in response , harrigan 's flashlight move to he right , illuminate the grizzly sight of a man 's face , a mere two foot away , hang upside down , stripped of skin , nearly obscure by the leave of one of the pot tree .. a gleam goid tooth ... grimace , harrigan move the light , discover another body , hang from the truss rod , and a few foot further , another body , in all , five body , in a row , as if in a meat locker . he play he light into the room , over Ramon 's bedy , still hang over the bed , the bucket of blood overturn on the sheet . harrigan Ramon vega , the crack . one of the biggest operator in East LA . hundre key a week . leona study the mark on Ramon 's chest . leona that mark . jamaican voodoo . they be go to take he heart . terror tactic . use it to scare shit out of they enemy . ( beat ) King Willie . jerry who ? danny King Willie . voodoo priest of the LA poss . ran the terror gang for Edward seaga in Jamaica , until he get toc powerful . the jamaican chief will not make a move without he approval . ( continued ) 53 third draft 01/16/90 33. continued : 53 harrigan , leona and Jerry stare mesmerize at the incredible sight . harrigan so what the fuck happen ? leona look like someone crash the party . from another part of the room , Danny call out . danny Mike , over here . harrigan move alongside Danny , who be training he pocket flashlight on a dark form , sit on the floor , against the wall . harrigan 's light play across the scattered coffee can and candle , come to rest on Ramon 's girlfriend , eye unresponsive to the light , catatonic . harrigan lean down , listen , the girl mumbling something in colombian , barely audible . he motion to leona who knell , listen to the girl . she look up . leona she 's not make any sense . keeps say , 's El Diablo vena para it ...’ ( translate ) ' the devil come for they 's . harrigan get close to she face , look into the catatonic eye . harrigan ( softly ) T do not know why you be alive , but when you come out of this , you be go to talk . jerry if the colombian do all this , why have they leave he behind , and the only witness ? harrigan turn , move the light through the debris , across the battle scared wall . he lock at Danny . harrigan it be not the colombian . danny we friend from the armory ? harrigan yeah , we get a new show in town . ( continued ) 53 third draft 01/16/90 34 , continued : ( 2 ) 53 harrigan move to the wall , examine a two inch slash , cut through the edge of a support beam , cleaner than a see cut . follow the trajectory , harrigan move he flashlight to a beam , high above they . a faint glint of something reflect in the light . harrigan look at Danny who nod . just then a powerful light center on the group , the four start as a voice call out from the front of the warehouse . voice ( 0.8 . ) Lieutenant , could I see you a moment -- in private ? harrigan turn as the light be lower , a figure stand by the doorway . behind the figure , a team of men , carry suitcase , file past the figure and into the room . Black utility box be place on the floor which instantly turn into powerful worklight , casting harsh shadow throughout the room , revealing as well the face of Peter key . alongside key be he right hand man , garber , a colder , more mechanical version of key . garber begin instruct the agent who fan out around the room . as Jerry , Danny , and leona exit the room , key walk harrigan to the balcony . keye ( light ) they say persistance be one of you more outstanding quality . harrigan look , I know this be you show ... key turn , revealing a amazing change . in the harsh light another creature be before we , bristle with the cold - blocd anger and lethalness of a pit viper . keye ( hiss ; menace ) you do not listen very well , do you , harrigan ? you have get a big nose and you have get it too far into my business . ( beat ) well , maybe you can understand this , next time you cross I , you be go to turn up miss , the result of a unfortunate accident . do I make myself ... ( continued ) 53 54 through 587 58 third draft 01/16/90 35 . continued : ( 3 ) 53 the suddenly flash as a SUN - gun be turn on . key spin , seeing Pope and he crew , who have somehow snuck into the building from the balcony , aim they video cam at the scene . keye ( shouting ) get they out of here ! get that camera ! before Pope can run , he be surround by two agent , the video- cam smashed to the floor . pope you can not do this ! I have get my rights as a journalist . stop ...! the two man hustle Pope towards the door . as he see harrigan , Pope struggle , halting the movement momentarily . as he do , Pope activate a tiny mini - video - cam in he hand , make a hurried sweep of the room . . pope this be a cover - up , harrigan . you can not keep the press from this ... Pope be push through the door , still protest . key turn back to harrigan , settles . reye I can make it happen , harrigan . believe I . harrigan stare back , a icy glare in he eye . harrigan who the hell be you , key ? keye the last person in the world you want to fuck with . now get out of here . they glare at each other and then harrigan exit , push past the agent , now comb the room . 54 omitted through 57 ext . penthouse parking complex - night 58 teeming with activity , vehicle everywhere , coroner and assistant wait for instruction . at the unmark car , leona be talk to Danny and Jerry . ( continued ) 58 third draft 01/16/90 36 . continued : 58 harrigan walk up , still seethe with anger from he encounter with key . they watch as the catatonic girl be take from the building on a stretcher , she eye , even at this distance , cold , unsee . harrigan pull Jerry aside . harrigan wanna make I proud , kid ? stay with ‘em , find out where they take she . meet I later at Ray 's . ( beat ) be careful , this guy be good . jerry do not worry , Lieutenant , surveillance be my speciality . Jerry enter the patrol car , follow after the ambulance attendant . harrigan ( to leona ) so , how 's he doin 's ? leona under that slick exterior of macho bullshit , there 's more macho bullshit . harrigan you two score anything at headquarters ? leona key and he merry man set up operation in the tactical wing. off limit . nobody know shit , include the Chief . ( beat ) the stiff from the armory be confiscate by the fed as soon as they get to the morgue . bring in they own people to do the work -up . but here 's the weird part -- only three body make it . harrigan what ? leona El Scorpio be miss . no body , no record of he . ( continued ) 58 59 through 60 61 third draft 01/16/90 | 37 . continued : a look to ( 2 ) 58 harrigan . danny if the fed do not have he ... harrigan call Nathan caldwell , FBI , in Washington . tell he it 's a personal request from I . see what he can find out about key and the dea . while you be at it , have they run he military record . ( beat ) not much more we can do tonight . come on , I / 1l take you home . leona ( feign shock ) Mike , I be flatter . you be go to drive I home ? that 's a new one . harrigan ( to Danny , aside ) Danny Boy ... he step away , Danny follow . harrigan we be go to have to play this real cool . this guy sure the fuck be not dea . but whoever they be , they have get the Pope 's bless . ( beat ) they should be here for a good four hour . I be take leona by Ray 's . you stick around , stay out of sight . see what go on . I [ / 11 meet you here at one o’ clock . I want to take a closar look at that room . . 59 omitted through 60 predator 's Pov 61 the predator 's vision lock in close on harrigan , analyze , study harrigan 's hand , lightly and affectionately place on Danny 's shoulder , the close bond between the two man apparent to the predator . harrigan ( filter ) but watch you ass , Danny Boy . 62 62k 62b through 62e 63 64 third draft 01/16/90 38. return to scene 62 Danny slip he a twenty . danny like it be my own . buy a round for I . harrigan walk to the car , enter , drive away . Danny stare at the penthouse and then turn to walk away . but something make he feel spook , uneasy . he stop , look back at the darken roofline . he turn and walk away . int . jerryn patrol car - darkened STREET - night 62a with a view of county general hospital . the paramedics van pull to a stop at the emergency entrance . as the attendant open the back of the ambulance , two orderlies approach . the attendant sign a offer folder . the orderly then take the stretcher bear the girl into the hospital . Jerry leave he car , move across the street towards the hospital . 62b omitted through 62e ext . ray 's tavern - night 63 occupy a corner location in a work - class neighborhood , a neon sign flash : ray 's tavern , a darting arrow indicate a basement entrance . several patrol car be park on the street , off -duty police officer enter the bar . int . ray 's tavern - night 64 the official water hole of Metro division , dark wood , brass , mirror , globe light , wall fill with photograph of cop at ceremonial and athletic function , precinct banner and . police memorabilia . the centerpiece of the room be a long mahogany and brass bar , at the moment , pack four deep in off - duty cop , clamoring for drink from five bartender , include ray himself , ruddy - face , broad - shoulder ex- cop , now in he element , the best of all world , cop and booze . above the bar , a hand - paint banner read : happy birthday ' babycake 's ~~ 28 and counting . the banner have be sign by everyone and dollar bill pin to it , create a make - shift irish - italian money tree . ( continued ) 64 third draft 01/16/90 39 , continued : 64 but we find leona emerge from the bathroom , look ill , a bit unsteady , hold she stomach . her husband early 30 's , xuggedly handsome , hipply dress , earring , take she by the arm .. husband you do not look so good , babe . leona felt like shit all week . it 's the damned heat . husband you need a drink . leona make it a club soda . husband ( shocked ) Club soda ? a woman officer push into view , toast leona . woman officer leona , do not you turn 28 last year ? they laugh , embrace , leona grimace slightly . at the far end of the bar , harrigan and Captain pilgrim be have a heat discussion . pilgrim god=-damnit , Mike , I be try to save you ass . I do not like be tell how to do my job anymore than you , but this be the fed 's call . harrigan Captain , if key and he suit be dea , then I be the Queen of England . I do not think this killing have anything to do with the gang . pilgrim make sense , Mike . what be you talk about ? harrigan I do not know , but whoever the killer be , key want he , for he own reason . ( more ) ( continued ) 64 64a 64b 64c 65 third draft 01/16/90 40 . continued : ( 2 ) 64 harrigan ( cont have ) and he 's be give enough power to suppress a entire police department to do it . there 's a lot more at stake here than any drug war . pilgrim then all the more reason to stay the hell out of it . ( drink ) I get to take a leak . you stay here , I be not finish with you yet . pilgrim leave , leave harrigan to contemplate the situation . ext . helicopter landing pad - night 64a situated on top of the hospital . a black jet ranger sit idling on the pad two of key 's man be load the stretcher , transversely , into the chopper . ext . binocular Pov of the scene ~ night 64b see from a nearby building . we see the door to the chopper close , the ship power up . the man approach key and hold a discussion . key give they instruction and then turn , return towards the hospital . ext . top of nearby build - night 64c where Jerry , binocular in he hand , watch as the chopper lift off into the night . ext . penthouse parking structure ~ night 65 the street be now quiet , the barricade remove , the last of the patrol car pull away . from.a darken doorway , a block away , Danny step into the light , crush a cigarette , join five other on the street . he look at he watch , only eleven - thirty , a hour and a half to wait . quickly he make he way to the penthouse door , carry a nine-volt lantern . the door have be seal with a heavy strip of black and yellow plastic tape , stamp : federal evidence seal / it be a felony to enter this crime scene without authorization . ( continued ) 65 66 67 68 third draft 01/16/90 41. continued : 65 Danny contemplate the seal for a moment , then remove a switchblade , cut the seal . use a lock - gun he pick the lock , enter the room . int . penthouse - night 66 Inside , Danny switch on the powerful light , orientate himself to the now empty room . he walk slowly forward , search for clue , he body wiping camera ... int . ray 's tavern - night 67 harrigan circulate through the crowd , acknowledge greeting from people , but he grim , sober face say he 's just pass time . he glance at he watch read : twelve ’o clock . harrigan move on , find leona at a booth , salute she with he drink . she smile back , point she finger at he accusingly . int . penthouse - night 68 Danny be kneel on the floor , examine bloodstain , find smear footprint leave by sport shoe . he move he light , pass over and then back to a strange smear in another patch of blecd . he move closer , study the outline of a bizarre print , a bare foot , bigger than both he hand , and on one end , the distinctive impression of toe . further on , into the wood he find a partial track of the blood print and deep gouge into the wood -- like claw mark . he stand , play he light up the wall , follow the mark as they move upward , leave to right , as if something run up the side . he reach the rafter ceiling , a lock of total fascination and bewilderment as he play the light across a thick support beam , tiny trace of tear wood visible on the top . the. light come to rest at a spot twenty foot down the beam , the. same glittering object as see before . Danny grin , place the light on the floor , aim the beam into the rafter . find a wall partially destroy by gunfire , he tear away the sheetrock , expose some of the stud and block . use they as handhold , he climb to the top , lift himself onto the wall , and from there , use the rafter for support , onto the beam . cautiously he make he way to the location of the object . lower himself carefully onto one knee , he reach down , and use he switchblade , dig something from the wood . ( continued ) 68 69 third draft 01/16/90 , 42. continued : 68 he hold it in he hand , puzzle -- one of the predator 's dart . holding onto the dart he stand . as he turn , he foot slip on the splinter wood , go out from under he . Danny grab a overhead beam , fight to steady himself . he breathes a sigh of relief . pivet on the beam he reach towards another rafter for support , but before he hand can touch the wood , he grasp something above it , something invisible , organic ... reacting in herror , Danny rear back , fall into space ... in a instant the predator 's arm materialize , he hand slamm onto Danny 's ankle , claw digging deep into he flesh . terrorize , Danny reach for he weapon , swinging it around , but he finger slip , the weapon clatter to the floor . in the final second of he life , Danny see something in the darkness that turn he blood to ice . danny ( terrify ) mother of God ... from the blackness , Danny hear the predator 's chill mimic . predator ( v.0 . ) ( filter ) mother of God ... Danny be pull into the rafter . int . ray 's tavern - night 69 harrigan be stand at the bar , talk to Jerry . as he talk , Jerry be look over harrigan 's shoulder at someone on the dance floor . jerry ( shouting over crowd ) she never make it . fed be wait , hustle she off ina chopper . harrigan Black jet Ranger , no marking ? jerry the very one . you pal key be run the show . ( continued ) 69 70 70 a 72 third draft 01/16/90 43. continued : 69 harrigan think this over a moment as Jerry scan the dance floor , make eye contact with the female officer see earlier . she smile beckone , fortify by one shy of too many drink . harrigan notice the exchange . jerry now , Lieutenant , if you 's 1ll excuse I , I have get some real police work to do . harrigan okay , kid . you be off to a good start . but I get another job for you . tomorrow , start a tail on key . I want to know everything he do , everywhere he go . just maybe we will get lucky . Jerry look out on the dance floor . jerry luck be my specialty . harrigan throw down he drink and move away from the bar , slip into the crowd , wiping frame ... ext . ledge of old build ~ night 70 twenty storey high , overlook a section of LA . in the distance , thunder begin to roll , herald a gather electrical storm , sweeping in over the city . as we pan right onto the ledge , the predator , visible , spring into frame and run along the ledge , leaping .. 7 ext . between building ~ night 70a at the edge of the cornice on the building on the right , a stone gargoyle stand silent watch over the city . from above , the predator , in camouflage , impact the gargoyle , push off , move up the face of the building . omit ( 71 ) edge of build - aerial view - night 72 with powerful lunge , the predator move up the side of the building , he claw tear , grasp into the brick for support as he scramble twenty foot in mere second . 73 74 through 75 76 77 third draft 01/16/30 44 , ext . top of build ~ night 73 cap by a peak , ornate copper roof , a tower lightening rod extend into the night sky . suddenly the predator rise into view . he extend he spear , scream he cry of victory . the electrically charge atmosphere crackle with energy , draw to the spear , envelop the predator in the eerie glow of ST . elmom FIRE . as a tremendous thunderbolt strike the lightning red , we begin a slow pull back to reveal the top of the building , the predator , proud and dominate , surveying he hunt ground below . he hold up the head and vertebrae of Danny as we pull back farther and farther until the entire skyline fill the frame , the predator , now merely a tiny glow of ENERGY atop the building . 74 omitted through 75 ext . cemetery - day 76 play in wide angle . because of the heat wave , a early morning service ~- a full police , ceremonial funeral , with honor guard , motorcycle and patrol car with red light flash . the grave site be crowded with police officer and family member . Close by , the honor guard of six officer , FIRE they rifle into the air , three time in rapid succession . almost immediately , a lone figure break away from the grave site , move rapidly over the landscape . a second figure turn and follow . ext . cemetery roadway - day 77 where a line of police car and limo be park . Pope and he crew be set up , beginning a interview with himself . pope tony Pope , live with ' hard -core . 's a disquieting lull sweep the city , momentarily halting the raging drug war . behind it , the twisted wrath of the psycho-vigilante ... nowa cop-killer . who 's next ? the man in the street , you , you love one ?.. ' harrigan move rapidly into view , wrenching off he necktie , remove he coat , perspire heavily in the rise heat . he look like he 's be on a two - day bender . Pope grab up he camera , move alongside harrigan , thrust the camera into he face . ( continued ) 77 78 80 third draft 01/16/90 45 . continued : 77 but harrigan be oblivious to Pope 's onslaught as he move towards the car . pope detective cutter . why be he kill ? have he discover something ? do he learn the identity of the killer ... any motive behind this grizzly killing ? there be rumor you be up on charge of misconduct ... wham , Pope be knock backwards by pilgrim . pilgrim ( seethe ) get the fuck out of here ! pilgrim catch up with harrigan . he put he arm on he shoulder . pilgrim Mike , I be sorry ... harrigan turn , quiet rage burn in he eye . harrigan let 's get this over with . harrigan enter a patrol car , pilgrim follow . ext . parker CENTER - day 78 establishing shot of the headquarters of the l.a.p.d. omit ( 79 ) int . heinemann 's office - day 80 elegant , wood panell formality , in contrast to the gritty decor of harrigan 's precinct . heinemann be seat behind a massive desk , severely organize , read from a open folder . beside he be he young dobermann administrative assistant , star with smug contempt at harrigan and Captain pilgrim , still in funeral attire , stand in front of the desk . heinemann read from the folder before he , harrigan 's psychological profile . ( continued ) 80 bl third draft 01/16/90 46 . continued : heinemann 80 heinemann ' violence ~ prone , obsessive - compulsive personality , a history of excessive physical force throughout he career as a Los Angeles police officer ...’ you private life seem to be as catastrophic as you career . two divorce ... pilgrim ( interrupt ) and ten commendation for valor and the best felony arrest record in the department 's history ... close the folder , hand it to the dobermann . heinemann harrigan , you cowboy~attitude and flagrant disregard for policy be go to end . I be under direct order from the Chief regard this matter , and not one under my command be go to impede the progress of the Federal task force , head by agent key . no one . ( beat ) there will be a official investigation into this matter . if it be up to I , I have charge you for detective cutter 's death and suspend you right now . but I can wait . ( beat ) in the meantime , you have better find a hole to crawl inte , because I 'o gun for you . that 's it . int . hallway ~ parker CENTER - day 81 harrigan and the captain move quickly away from heinemann 's office , both man silent and tense . pilgrim you be too close to this , Mike , stay out of it . it 's a police matter now , they can not keep we out . we will find Danny 's ... harrigan ( explode ) Danny and I come up together . Fifteen year on the fuck street . {more ) ( continued ) 81 82 third draft 01/16/90 47 . continued : 81 harrigan ( cont / have ) whoever kill he be go to pay , and that ass-kiss little son-of~a~bitch be not about to stop I . I be go to finish this . they reach a bank of elevator , step inside a wait car . pilgrim well , when you find the mother fuck , shoot he once for I . the door close . int . lobby ~ parker CENTER - day 82 as harrigan and pilgrim leave the elevator and be walk across the lobby , harrigan sees , through the sea of move body , a brief glimpse of key as he leave a office , head across the lobby . harrigan be already move at a half - trot towards key . across the lobby , key be about to mount a stairwell when harrigan seize he by the coat , spin he hard into the wall , he papers scatter across the floor . key drop the file , he face terrify , heart pound as he look up into harrigan 's angry face . harrigan ( menace ) listen , shit -head , I do not give a fuck who you really be , or what you want with this asshole , because now it 's personal , and he 's a dead man . keye you have no idea what you be deal with . I be warning you ... harrigan slam he against the wall . harrigan no ... you do not know what you be deal with . and I be warning you . stay the fuck out of my way . before key can react , harrigan have release he and be go . a look of anger flush over key 's face . garber and another of key 's men rush into view , they look to key , wait instruction . key hold up he hand . keye ( cold ) no , let he go . we be too close . 82 a 83 85 a6 third draft 01/16/90 48. int . parker CENTER ~- landing / lobby - day b2a as harrigan walk down the landing to the lobby , he attention go to a bank of video monitor , a barrage of silent image , from news , weather , sport , fashion and commentary . patron deposit coin into a console , activate a single phone headset , complete the broadcast . he stop , study the screen on several news show : psycho killer stalk LA . a second read : CITY paralyzed with fear ~~ who' next ? and a third : police helpless as ritual killer rule street . on every screen , the same blurred video freeze - frame of the hang body , take by Pope at the penthouse . as harrigan move across the lobby , he sees , leona and Jerry , wait at the door . harrigan hesitates and then move past they . harrigan ( coldly ) forget it . it 's over . he move past they , down the sidewalk . 33 omitted through 85 ext . parker CENTER ~- day 86 as harrigan move down the step , leona explode , run after he . she stop he , spin he around . leona ( piss ) God damnit it , Mike ! you do not have the right to do this ! this be not you personal little war . ( beat ) I love Danny too . Jerry appear from the side . jerry you tell I , Lieutenant , the only way you survive down here be because you / be a team . the door swing both way , remember , leona you need we , Mike . harrigan stare at they , feel they strength , they commitment . slowly he begin to relent . { continued ) 36 86 a third draft 01/16/90 49 , continued : 86 harrigan ( quietly ) all right . we do it together . ( to Jerry ) talk to I about key . ext . parking lot - across the STREET - day 86a harrigan , leona and Jerry as they move across the street and down the sidewalk . jerry be on ‘em for three day , I be a cabbie , a carpenter , a lineman , a postman . they hit building all over the city , sometimes a dozen a day . in for a few minute , out again . sometimes they be carry little black box . I have scanner on ‘em but all they phone be scramble -~ equipment I could not begin to touch . ( beat ) then this morning , I lose ‘em . harrigan lose they ? jerry like they disappear . Vernon and Industry . go . harrigan the slaughter house district ? jerry yeah , and in this heat , woof . harrigan so whatever he 's be look for , he 's find it -- or damn close . ( beat ) leona , we be hold King Willie 's big man in South Central . tell he I can make certain evidence disappear if Willie will meet with I , personally . leona but why ? ( continued ) b6a 87 through 33 89 third draft 01/16/90 50 . continued : b6a harrigan I do not know what the killer 's connection be with key , but he 's kill drug pusher , big time operator , the heavies . if this killing be revenge motivate , the man whe know why be Willie . ( beat ) in the meantime , I be go to see what Danny 's autopsy can tell we . I be meeting with the I tonight at the morgue . jerry Edwards , the chief ghouless . that place give I the creep . harrigan open the door to he car . harrigan she 's a brilliant scientist , kid . solve more latent crime than the whole department put together . ( beat ) leona , set this thing with willie. ( to Jerry ) you come with I . Jerry enter , harrigan drive away leave leona on the sidewalk . 87 omitted through 88 int . examination room - night 89 close on irene edward , M.D. , Chief pathologist and Medical examiner , City of LA . early 50 's , distinguished , highly intelligent face . a devote scientist , Edwards have dedicated she life to forensic medicine . Edwards snap into place two x-ray film , the soft backlight revealing the skeletal picture of a human form , dorsal and frontal view , the body miss its skull and spinal column . edward death be the result of a massive intrusion of the chest cavity by a edge weapon , which nearly cleave the heart in two . death be instantaneous . ( more ) ( continued ) 89 third draft 01/16/90 5. continued : 89 edward ( cont have ) the officer fall approximately 20 foot to the floor indicate by the massive hematomas and fracture to the leave side of the body . ( beat ) the killer then remove the vertebral column and skull from the body . the muscle , ligament and cartilage , attach the spine to the rib cage , be severe all in one massive stroke , better than any surgical instrument could have . bone like a fish . ( beat ) I have never see anything like it . she look around at Jerry , exam the grizzly equipmet and ware of human dissection . edward do not touch anything . jerry do not worry . harrigan what kind of weapon ? edward double -edge , twelve to fourteen inch long , razor sharp but with some highly unusual property . Edwards remove from a small lab refrigerator a mount glass slide . she move across the room , place the sample into the stage of a electron scanning microscope . on a video screen , the image switch through several field of magnification , end on the cellular structure of a bone sample , a light glaze of gray - black substance , partially obscure one side of the cell - wall . edward this be a bone sample take from what be leave of the vertebral column . we be at 150,000 time normal magnification . that gray - black haze you see over the cell structure be some kind of residue leave by the path of the weapon . ( continued ) 89 third draft 01/16/90 52. continued : ( 2 ) 89 jerry like the metallic trace leave by a bullet ? edward yes . but I believe this material be not from the weapon itself , but some kind of lubricant , adhere to the blade , create a more efficient medium of cut , like hone - oil on a sharpen stone . but the rest defy analysis . harrigan think a moment and then remove the predator 's dart from he pocket , hand it to Edwards . harrigan I pried this from Danny 's hand . this be what take he into the rafter . he die for it . she take the dart , fascinate at it 's weight . a curious look from Jerry as he move in for a closer look . edward ( astound ) it have almost no weight ... harrigan but cut like steel . she slide the dart into the stage of the electron microscope , and throw a switch , a image appear on the monitor as a color band graph , corresponding to atomic weight . edward fascinating . properties that almest defy description . it 's not metal but a crystalline compound , similar to diamond but much , much harder . and it seem to possess the same self - lubricate quality as the weapon that kill detective cutter . ( point to the screen ) what you be see be the vapor of this material break down ... evaporate ... she move away from the microscope , a incredulous look on she face . she look at harrigan . edward this material do not correspond to anything on the periodic table . ( continued ) 89 90 third draft 01/16/90 53. continued : ( 3 ) 39 Jerry look from harrigan to Edwards . jerry what the hell be you say ? Edwards look at he . edward I do not know what I be say . a awkward silence , break by harrigan . harrigan dector , what about the other victim , anything there ? edward ( distract ) the federal team bring in they ewn forensic examiner . I be the Medical examiner and the Chief pathologist for the city and they avoid I completely . harrigan any way you can get a look at any of the evidence the fed have collect ? they must have run test , maybe there 's some record , something leave in the computer . edward I can try , but it will not be easy . i’1l see what I can do . harrigan thanks , Doc . we will be in touch . Edwards hand harrigan the dart and harrigan and Jerry exit . ext . hospital parking lot - night 90 harrigan and Jerry emerge from the morgue , stand in the light of a street lamp . harrigan open he hand , exam once again the dart . jerry Lieutenant , what the hell be that thing ? really ? harrigan I do not know . but you do not buy it in a hardware store , ( continued ) 90 91 through 95 96 third draft 01/16/90 54 . continued : 30 jerry military ? harrigan look up . harrigan good guess . either something that get away from they , or something they want , real bad . ( beat ) key . we be get closer . harrigan and Jerry move down the street , approach a darken corner . suddenly , from the shadow , a form move , Jerry yank from he foot , harrigan spin , teo late , a flash of steel ... as a fist wear brass knuckle , slam into harrigan 's solar plexus , double he over . like a wildcat , Jerry break away from he captor , a side - thrust kick to one , a vicious head - butt to the other , he fist flash , punch , fight like a craze animal . he spin free , go for he gun . but before he can clear leather , a sap smashes into the back of he head , Jerry hit the ground , he gun skid across the pavement . a mid-70 's black cadillac pull to the curb , harrigan jerk upright by two huge jamaican and manhandle into the back seat . the car speed off as Jerry struggle to he foot , shouting after the disappear car . 91 omitted through 95 int . jamaican cadillac - night 96 harrigan sit in the back seat , surround by two , huge , silent jamaican , wild dreadlock , wear vest over bare skin , bead , feather and amulet . ' the three man fill up the back seat , uncomfortably . Three other jamaican sit in the front . reggae music be play on the radio as a smoulder spliff be pass around , fill the car with a cloud of smoke . the jamaican to harrigan 's leave take the offer spliff , jam it into he cup fist , puffing on it like a bellow , drop spark and ash onto harrigan 's lap as he take in a giant lungfull of the deadly smoke . harrigan look at he , the man 's eye glaze , cheek puffed . harrigan try to cut down , huh ? ( continued ) 96 96 a third draft 01/16/90 55 . continued : 96 the jamaican look at he , exhaling a blind cloud of smoke as the car draw to a halt . the back door be open , revealing a long , box - canyon dead end of a alley . the jamaican to harrigan 's leave emerge , motion for harrigan to get out . ext . alley way - night 96a harrigan emerge , stare down the darken alley , a dim lamp over a dcorway near the end , beckone . harrigan cautiously enter the alley and then stop , eye reaming up the wall to the top of the building . he sense something , but then shake it off , move forward . harrigan walk to the end , stand in the dim light of the doorway . from the darkness , a deep , hoom voice seem to come from nowhere , everywhere . king willie ( 0.s. ) ( rumbling ; chill ) they say you want to talk to I . that you be offer I favor . tell I why , Mr. policeman ? harrigan I want some information . slowly , from the darkness , a huge loom figure step forward : enormous shoulder , fierce eye set in a massive , scar mark face , flow dreadlock over he shoulder , bound with bead and brass ring . for a fleeting moment ... at he belt he wear a long drop-point fighting knife , a uzi hold loosely in one giant hand . he lay the uzi on a wooden erate , take in harrigan . king willie information ? about the one doin 's all this killin’ in the street ? harrigan he 's kill you people and now mine . I think you know who he be . I want he . king willie ( chill laugh ) I do not know who he be ... but I know where he be ... the other side . harrigan consider this rap for a moment . ( continued ) 96 a 98 third draft 01/16/90 56 . continued : 96a harrigan ( wary what be you talkin’ about ? king willie the spirit world , mon . it 's goin’ to take we all . Willie open he hand , revealing a assortment of burnish bone . he throw they on top of the woceden crate , study then . king willie you see , always the same . ( look at harrigan ) there 's no stoppin’ what can not be stop . you know what I be sayin 's to you , mon ? no killin’ what can not be kill . ( low ; frightening laugh ) this thing be killin’ you people and mine be from the other side . I feel he all around . ( beat ) there 's no stoppin’ this kind of thing , mon . you can not see the eye ef the demon ' till he come callin’ . dis be dread , mon , real dread . harrigan look into the jamaican 's face , neither the eye of a crazy man or a man afraid , but that of a man whe have see into a different reality . king willie nothin 's else for you here , policeman . time to go . prepare yourself . harrigan turn . at the mouth of the alley , backlit by streeet light , we see the cadillac , door open , the jamaican in repose , smoking , machine gun in hand . harrigan walk down the alley , enter the car , which drive away . omit ( 97 ) ext . rear of alley - night 98 Willie stare into the darkness and again throw the bone , a look of fear crossing he face as he red the ominous configuration before he . from the space far above he he hear the sound of something moving on the top of the building . ( continued ) 98 99 third draft 01/16/90 57 . continued : 98 a small object fall , clatter off the wall , hit a trash can before roll inte the light : a fragment of brick and mortar . strain he eye , Willie sees a almost indistinguishable rippling , a movement in the night , move down the alley wall . in the darkness , something leap from the wall landing heavily on the concrete . Willie reach down , pick up he uzi machine pistol , throw the bolt . he cut loose , rake the alley with a burst of gunfire . he jack out the clip , slamm in another . listen he hear a movement , no more than fifteen foot away . he fire again , sweeping the alley . the bolt to the uzi lock open , gun smoke wafting up from the breech , as Willie stare into the night . unbelievably he sees movement , something draw closer , the predator in camouflage , move towards he . his eye go down to the alley floor , where he see the incredible sight of the pradator 's feet make partially visible by the short out of the camouflage effect , blue SPARKS of electricity crawl over the outline of two gigantic foot and ankle . we tilt down into the puddle of water , where we see the complete , reflect image of the predator ... King Willie look up from the foot , into the black shape he can only imagine be there . he reach for he knife , as we go in tight on Willie 's terrify eye ... int . predator 's lair - night 99 in close up of King Willie 's head , dead eye stare at we . as we pull back , we see that the head be carry by the predator as he walk down a long corridor , fill with a strange , brown - color gas . the predator arrive at a work station , where use a number of alien machine , he strip the layer of flesh , sinew , ligament from the head , until there be nothing but a gleam bare skull , patine and age , as if a art object . in profile , we see a quick glimpse of the predator 's face , helmet now remove , press in close , examine he work . he finger the dreadlock , admire they . 100 100 a third draft 01/16/90 58. close on a metallic panel 100 which slide away with a hiss , revealing a block of gel - like material , into which be embed two human skull , they vertebrae attach . the predator 's hand press the newly process trophy into the gel , push it inside , the gel flow back to a smooth surface as the predator remove he hand . a low , satisfy trill be heard from the predator as the metal panel close with a hiss . int . owlf command CENTER ~ night 1 looa close on a set of white door which peneumatically hiss open , revealing a intense keye , red light reflect on he face . in close we move with key as he walk down a narrow corridor , cramme with console , screen , computer terminal , all bath in red light , look much like the command center of a nuclear submarine . White clad technician tend to the machine in rapt efficiency , study microwave , video , radar , infra-re , waterfall , and oscilloscope image . on one of the monitor , we see a man , install a video - cam on a wall somewhere , the technician run a test with the installer . key arrive at a terminal command module , where garber be compile data . keye status on the circulation test ? garber ambient temperature hold steady at 23 degree centigrade . good news , up to 87 percent saturation on the cesium 90 , and rise . further down the console , a assistant , observe a bank of monitor , turn to garber . assistant Mr. garber , something on the news feed you should see . key and garber turn to the monitor where we see Pope , stand at a crime scene , red light flash , the alley way where Willie be kill , visible in the b.g . the assistant . turn up the volume . ( continued ) 100 a i101 through 116 117 117a third draft 01/16/90 59 . continued : 100 a pope ( filter ) in the string of grizzly murder , attribute to the psyco-vigilante~ killer . but no one will shed a tear over he latest victim , King Willie , one of the most blood - thirsty of the city 's drug lerd . his brutally decapitate body be find in a putrid back alley way , early this morning , somehow a fitting demise to this ... the assistant turn down the volume . key look up at another monitor , where a vague , gaseous , wraith - like figure be see for a moment before it disappear . a broad , satisfied smile spread over key face . keye we be ready for you . 101 omitted through 116 ext . cemetery - day 117 serene and quiet , empty but for two car , park on the interior roadway , a batter ' 85 mustang convertible , and 25 yard ahead , a late model station wagon . nearby , a man and woman be place flowers around a gravestone . in the station wagon , a young boy , 6 , be behind the wheel , play cop and robber . he pretend to screech to a halt , fire out the window a electronic space assault rifle , completa with spark and SOUND effect . the kid leap from the car , use it for cover from he make - believe attacker . suddenly he break into the open , dash for a tree on a grassy knoll . he dispatch several attacker before sprint to another tree , situate near the mustang . the kid fire several burst and then stop , listen ... he spin upward , rip a burst of laser fire into the tree . slowly he eye travel up , wide with grow wonder as he reach the top , stare awestruck , directly into the camouflage presence of the predator , stare back at he . the predator 's head move slightly to one side , examine ... predator 's Pov of the boy ll7a whip-crack onto the tiny human , stare upward at he . 117b 11i7¢ third draft 01/16/90 60 . return to scene 1173 the predator 's target laser lock onto the plastic weapon , quickly scan from leave to right . the laser snap off . the tiny warrior be of no interest to the predator ~- perhaps someday . the boy , mesmerize , unable to break away , slowly lower he weapon . be only 6 and have no other course of action , he reach into he pocket , extend he open hand , revealing a half - eat tootsie roll . boy ( hesitant ) want some candy ? a freeze moment as the predator and the little boy stare at gach other , break by a harsh yell from the boy 's mother . mother ( 0.s. ) Anthony ! get over here . I tell you not to leave the car . Anthony turn , seeing he parent at the station wagon . he hesitates , look back at the predator . boy ( quickly ) bye . he run to he parent , point back at the tree , beginning a animated conversation as he be ushere into the car . the car drive away , solitude once again return . we move over the knoll , to Danny 's gravesite , cover in flowers , the sod freshly replace . harrigan stand before the grave -- he 's be there for a long time . harrigan ( softly ) it should have be I , Danny ~ Boy . should have be I . he knell , place a small leather bound , fold picture frame amid the flower . we go in close on the tatter frame : @ photograph of a much young harrigan and Danny , dress in l.a.p.d. sweat , smile , arm over each other 's shoulder , they day at police academy . ext . tree and knoll ~- cemetery - day 1i7 '' harrigan approach , as see from the lower branch of the tree , where moment ago the predator be see by the boy . harrigan grow closer and then stop , stare at the tree . 117d l17e 117f 118 third draft 01/16/90 61 . ext . harrigan 's Pov of the tree ~ day 117d where something glitter can be see in the lower branch . harrigan move slowly towards the tree , a grow sense of apprehension as the glitter object grow closer , closer . harrigan 's hand go to the small of he back , to he gun ... he arrive at the tree , stare at the object , a gold sT. christopher 's medal . harrigan turn the medal over in he hand , read the inscription : dlc ' be safe from harm 's . harrigan ( under he breath ) Danny ... harrigan pull he .45 , a chill fear coursing through he bedy . but in every direction the cemetery be quiet , empty , the only SOUND that of bird feed on the lawn and tree . slowly he return to the medal , pull it free . he stare at it , amaze , confuse . ext . downtown trade / garment district - late afternoon 117e swarm with activity , truck come and go , worker load and unload garment and pallet of manufacture geod . int . phone booth ~- trade / garment district ~ late afternoon 117f harrigan be in the booth , punch in a number . he still seem shake from he encounter at the cemetery . he stare into he open hand , hold Danny 's St. Christopher 's medal . harrigan ( the phone ) it 's I . int . morgue ~ edward 's office - day 118 Jerry and leona , look anxious and tense , be in the room , leona seat , Jerry , wear a black eye and a butterfly bandage over he eye , pace the room . they listen to harrigan over a high - tech , medical VID - com telephone data CENTER . leona Jesus , Mike , where have you be ? you be suppose to be here three hour ago . we have be scared shitless . harrigan v.0 . ) Long story . what 's the latest ? ( continued ) 118 118a i18b third draft 01/16/90 62. continued : 118 Jerry pick up a color polaroid from the desk , a quick image of King Willie 's body on the alley floor . jerry case you have not hear , they find Willie 's body this morning , a alley way on South Adams . int . phone booth - late afternoon 118a harrigan , he back to the street , talk on the phone . harrigan I know , it 's all over the street ( look at medal ) he be there , I could feel he . he 's close , real close . int . morgue lab ~- late afternoon 118b leona move towards the phone console . leona Mike , this be crazy -= you have get to be careful . harrigan ( v.0 . ) we have all get to be careful . ( beat ) what about key ? jerry still no trace . and a no show at Willie 's crime scene . leona you FBI contact verify he 's head of a task force investigate gang related drug activity . transferred eut of the D.C. office , eight month ago . ( beat ) but the military record turn up something hinky . seem there be a Peter J. key , phd in physical Sciences , Cornell ; work with Strategic Defense Institute ; two year later , commission as a captain in Air Force Intelligence . after that he record be classified . 11ac 118d third draft 01/16/90 63. int . phone booth - late afternoon lilac harrigan know the connection be a certainty , another piece of the puzzle , but what do it mean ? jerry ( v.0 . ) you be right , look like somebody 's on the loose with a bag of they trick . harrigan and key have be send to get he back . leona ( v.0 . ) Mike , this be a dead -end . we be way out of we league with this thing . harrigan I do not care how big this be , or who 's involved . this guy kill Danny and he 's goin’ down . behind harrigan thera be a blurred movement . harrigan spin , come face to face with a snarling maw of gleam fang , blood -re gum , a wild stare eye , inch away from the glass . harrigan slam back into the booth , he .45 draw . as he catch he breath , he see the creature , a huge stuffed kodiak bear , two worker move it towards a wait delivery truck . harrigan watch as the bear be place on the lift and move inside . leona ( v.0 . ) Mike , you still there ? harrigan ( watch ) yeah . anything from Doctor Edwards ? int . morgue lab - late afternoon 118d off to the side and at a nearby terminal , Edwards have be quietly study something on the screen . edward I be here , Lieutenant . on the screen we see a display of chemical notation ; a adjoining screen show a graph , a molecular breakdown of the chemical notation . ( continued ) 118d 118e third draft 01/16/90 64 . continued : 118d edward I searched all the computer file , the Federal authority erase everything . ( punch in data ) except for this -~ a fragment of a chemical test on some sample take from the penthouse . it 's mix with wood fragment , probably take from a wall or beam . ( read from the screen ) the sample contain trace of ni h3 ; ono2 and no3 , and bhevine hemoglobin lace with diethylstilbestrol harrigan ( v.0 . ) you will have to translate that , Doc . edward ammonia , nitrate , and cattle blood with heavy trace of des . jerry des . steroid ? edward yes . they inject it into cattle just before they send they to slaughter . it put on weight . not exactly kosher . Edwards turn in she chair , face the phone . edward I think whoever kill Daniel cutter have recently be in a slaughter house . int . phone booth - late afternoon 118e we hold on harrigan 's face as he contemplate he first solid clue , lead to the killer . harrigan that 's where we will find ‘em . take the metro , Long Beach line . I ‘li pick you up at the Vernon Station in a hour . jerry ( v.0 . ) the fuck metro ? what 's wrong with the car ? ( continued ) 118e 134 third draft 01/16/90 65 . continued : . 1l18e harrigan surveillance be you speciality , remember ? just because you have not see any of key 's boy , do not mean they be not around . slip out the back , make sure you be not follow , then hit the metro . he hang up , move out of the booth to the display window of the taxidermist shop . he stare at the freeze , lifeless face of once proud animal , now hunter 's trophy . omit ( 119- 133a ) ext . morgue / hospital - night 134 Jerry and leona descend the stair from a emergency exit , they look for tail and then move quickly down the street . leona look tired , bedraggle . Jerry look behind they and then turn to leona , look at she . jerry uh , hope you do not mind I say this , but you do not look so good I mean , like you pilot light 's out . she look back , at he black eye and puffy face . leona feel about as good as you look , Rocky . brilliant strategy , lead with you face . jerry whoa , do not be so touchy . I just mean you look like you could use some rest . where we be go be not exactly a rise garden . smell out there would gag a rat . I do not think you be up to it . ( beat ) look , we be probably go to turn up nothin’ anyway , so why do not you go on home , climb in the tub , have a cold one . if we find anything , we / will call you . leona look at he , smile . for all he womanize posture , he 's suddenly caring , attentive . ( continued ) 134 135 136 137 138 third draft 01/16/90 66 . continued : 134 leona thanks . but it do not work that way . besides , I want to see this through , for Danny . jerry okay . but do not say I do not tell you . leona you tell I . come on . they move on , Jerry check carefully to see if they be be follow . ext . subway entrance ~ night 135 Jerry and leona move wearily down the stair lead to the station , flow into the press of commuter . int . subway stair - night 136 Jerry and leona below US , make they way through the sea of body , hurry to make they train . predator 's Pov of the stair 137 from the same perspective , the glow heat - form of body fill he vision . his vision move in , locking on two form , move ahead of he , on the next level of stair . return to scene 138 as several commuter look abruptly around they as the predator 's form , camouflage against the tile wall , ripple past like a subconscious wave . do they see something ? as two men approach each other , the predator cross between they , he camouflage body jolting both man as he move . man # 1 hey ! man # 2 hey yourself , pal . fuck you ! man # 1 fuck , youl ( continued ) 138 139 140 third draft 01/16/90 67 . continued : 138 they continue on in they respective direction , hurl insult back at each other . int . subway platform ~ night 139 a crowd of commuter wait for the next car , Jerry and leona among they . Jerry be tell another of he war storey . jerry +.» and then there be the guy who rob the S and L on fairfax , wear nothing but a grocery bag on he head , a g-string , and combat boot . get away with twenty grand . a hour later , when we collare leroy at he girlfriend 's , we ask he why the disguise . he say , he do not want to wear anything recognizable . a brilliant concept , except that leroy , a three - time loser , have a twelve inch tattoo of a razor back heg on he ass . leona ( laugh ) no . the train pull in , they move forward with the crowd . jerry true , true . leona God , that 's funny . ( beat ) you really do like be a cop , do not you ? they enter the car . jerry could not live without it . predator 's Pov of the car 140 watch the heat - form press into the cold metallic box , the door close . he move closer , past several people , observe as the car pull out , gain speed . the end of the car fly past into the blackness , the rail glowing from the immense friction , the third rail white hot , a shower of brilliant SPARKS fly off like a meteor shower as the train disappear down the tunnel . i41 142 143 third draft 01/16/90 68. int . subway car - night 14 . tire , exhaust face , drip with sweat in the oppressive heat . Jerry be seat next to leona , who seem lose in think . Jerry look up to see , move through the connect doorway from the next car , a wolf pack of five STREET tough , prowling slowly through the car , examine the passenger like a school of shark , search for prey . as they pass , Jerry spot the handle of a screwdriver , nestle into a slot cut into the leader 's pant leg . he nudge leona , who look up , watch as the tough cruise through the car and into the next . leona the shit never end . Jerry and leona carefully move through the car , follow the wolf pack as they disappear into the next car on the train . int . next subway car - night 142 where seat at the very end be a tall , nervous- look man , early 30 's , high -strung , read he newspaper . he look up as the wolf pack enter the car , lowering he paper , a terrify lock crass he face . he pick up he briefcase , epen it on he lap , he hand reach inside , face pour sweat . the leader of the pack make eye contact with the man . he gesture to the other , they toe lock in on the paranoid face at the back of the car -- a victim . slowly they move towards the man , the other commuter , like a frighten school ef fish , move away from the man . the pack close in , surround the terrify man , the leader withdraw the screwdriver from he pants , a fourteen inch long blade , sharpen to a needle point . ext . subway train ~ in tunnel - night 143 a roaring stroboscopic missile , rattling through the tunnel , illuminate by tunnel light flash by and the yellow glow from within . suddenly the blackness warp as the predator 's form race toward US , grip , tear into the upper curve of the car , just above the window , like some giant insect racing towards its prey . 144 third draft 01/16/90 69 . int . subway car - return to scene - night 144 close on the point of the screwdriver , slowly run a furrow through the leather briefcase . leader hey , you look like a sympathetic dude . ( neat ) my friend here need a operation and he 's a little short of cash , know what I mean ? suddenly the man yank he hand from the briefcase , hold a snub-nose .38 revolver , point a tremble hand at the leader . man ( in panic ) get the hell away from I ! the leader back off a step , smile . leader whoa , this dude mean business . he nod at the other , who on cue , begin to distract the man with movement and banter . close on the screwdriver as the leader 's hand tighten around the handle . wolf # 1 look out , man , liable to shoot you dick off with that thing . wolf # 2 he be not gonna shoot we . be you , dude ? wolf # 3 ( a la reger rabbit ) pppplease , do not shoot I , man . as he whip out a leng barrel revolver , point it at the man . wolf # 3 ( taunting ) Bet mine 's bigger than yours . suddenly , from all around , we hear the SOUND of cocking revolver and automatics . the wolf pack look slowly around to see , five commuter , point expensive handgun at they . ( continued ) 144 third draft 01/16/90 70 . continued : 144 jerry ( 0.5 . ) hold it ! Police ! everyone put the gun on the floor . leona ( 0.s. ) and you , motherfucker , drop the shiv ! I say drop it ! everyone turn , see leona and Jerry in combat stance , badge out , heavy revolver point . leona everyone drop the weapon , now . I will use it . the shiv clatter to the floor , as the commuter lower they gun .. jerry you be all under arrest . be hold you until the next station for the Metro Authority . ( start miranda ) you have the right to remain silent , anything you do say ... from behind they , a high - pitched shriek of metal fill the car as one entire corner of the car be rip away , the light shorting out in a explosion of SPARKS . Jerry and leona whip around , seeing in the flash , stroboscopic effect of the pass tunnel light , a huge dark form , drop to the floor from the roof . from the commuter , a deafen barrage of gunfire erupt . but instantly , three of the commuter be rip off they foot by laser blast from the predator . the remain gun clatter to the floor . in the next flash of light , the form be go , a moment later , they : see another flash of the terrifying form , move , disappear , move ... Jerry and leona back up , flash of light in the blacken car revealing they terrify face , weapon raise . leona ( scream ) jerry!itt muzzle flash from they weapon fill the frame . ( continued ) 144 third draft 01/16/90 71 . continued : ( 2 ) 144 as the train rush through a series of outside light , leona sees in the strobing image , the wolf pack leader , stabbing forward with the shiv . in a instant he be eviscerate by something which slam he against the window . Jerry grab leona , push she behind he , protect she . jerry get back ! as Jerry and leona continue to back up , one of the other punk snap OPEN a evil- look switchblade . but before he can move , he chest be impale by something which drive he into the wall . his body slam into leona , knock she to the floor . she watch as Jerry leap onto the seat , firing rapidly , hurdle the seat back , continue to FIRE as he go , work he way to the center of the car , attempt to distract the unseen killer , luring he away from the passenger . he jump into the aisle , jam a speed loader into he revolver , firing again . jerry ( craze ) do not be shy , motherfucker , let 's dance !!! he sees a slight movement and fire into the darkness , a flash of the ricochete bullet briefly outline a huge , mottle image -~ another movement , he fire again empty he weapon , more flashing hit off the predator 's helmet and armour . he rack in another speed loader , the gun reload in a second . jerry ( shouting ) leona , get out , get out !!! leona , now on she foot , momentarily blind by the blood and terrify out of she wit , begin back up , scream to the passenger , huddle at the end of the car . leona get out ! get in the next car ! move it ! the rippling shadow continue to move towards Jerry , who continue to FIRE , leave to right , until he back hit the door , lead to the next car . while still firing , he reach behind , fumble for the release handle , pull , yanking ... the door be jamme . trapped . ( continued ) 144 145 third draft 01/16/90 ° 72. continued : ( 3 ) 144 Jerry fire the last of he round , he revolver expend , useless . he stare into the darkness . another movement before he . holding the gun like a club he scream , and with a fly kick , leap into the darkness ... int . leona - the next car forward - night aiming she weapon into the darkness behind she as the door to the lead car be push open , the scream passenger tumble in on top of each other . leona keep move , keep move ! ext . subway station - night 145 where tired commuter wait on the platform for the next train . the train approach but race on past , as we go in tight on the face of the scream passenger inside the train . int . subway car - leona 's Pov - night 146 look out the window at the side of the train and the rush wall , the next station draw closer , closer ... leona see that the train be not go to stop . in the flash , she look up , seeing the emergency stop button . she lunge out , slamm the button . but the train continue on . she hit the button again , and again . leona stop , god-damn you , stop ! in rage she turn , push the panic-stricken passenger aside , cover the car with she weapon as she make she way to the driver 's door . she pound on the door . leona Police ! stop the train ! stop this fuck train ! she stand back , firing three round into the lock mechanism and then body slam the door , spring it open . in the flash light of the tunnel and wind rush into the cab , she sees the driver , dead , in one hand a shotgun point at the blow out window , he other freeze shut on the deadman control . she pries loose the driver 's finger from the throttle . a scream high - pitch shriek fill the car as the train leck , slide down the track . the train come to a shudder halt , the door automatically open . ( continued ) 145 147 147a 147b third draft 01/16/90 73. continued : 145 leona get out ! get out ! move it , now ! ext . subway tunnel ~ night 147 the passenger leap from the train onto the narrow outside access walkway inside the tunnel . a tiny spot of light be visible a hundred yard away , the next station . the passenger begin run towards the light . the last to leave , leona back through the door , turn to run with the passenger . she stop , heaving for breath , leok back at the train . leona ( sobbing ) Jerry ... she hesitates a moment and then charge back through she fear , towards the train . her weapon hold in both hand , combat stance , she pivot around the open of the car door , seeing inside , in a flash of the sparking electrical wire , a brief image of Jerry , he body , hang from one of the check strap . leona oh , God , no ... in total panic she turn and run ... headlong into the camouflage predator , leaping at she . the predator grab she by the throat , lift she high into the air , leona scream . predator 's Pov of leona 147a as he heat - register scan she body we see the various area of heat : face , heart , and lower , over she abdomen , where we see the blue glow of another life , deep within she . a vielent movement by the predator wipe the frame ... ext . commerce STREET metro station - night 1478 harrigan 's car pull to a stop in front of the station , a dozen emergency vehicle in place , flash light explode into the night . harrigan , a look of panic on he face , run into the station . omit ( 148 ) i149 third draft 01/16/90 : 74 , int . subway station - night 149 alive with police , transit authorities , forensics technician , morgue attendant . harrigan enter the platform , overwhelm by the barrage of image that confront he : the obnoxious Pope , hurl question at he about more attack from the ' vigilante killer 's ; the subway car , a giant rent where a corner of the roof have be tear away ; the flash of strobe light inside the car ; blood spatter against the window ; body hang from the ceiling of the car . he pass by a team of paramedics , work over a rescue gurney , harrigan seeing the unconscious face of leona . he grab one of the paramedics . harrigan be she alive ? paramedic # 1 yes . deep shock , but still alive . the second paramedic be wear a set of earphone , connect to a sensing head , handle on either side . the stethoscope be attach to a portable data CENTER , a open suitcase of various readout and monitor . the paramedic continue to scan leona 's body , a read - out of heartrate , blood pressure , register on the tiny monitor in the case . he stop , listen . paramedic # 2 I be pick up fetal heart tone . ( remove earphone ) this woman be pregnant . let 's move , LA County , stat . they hurriedly pack up , push the gurney through the crowd . as they move past , harrigan turn into the rigid , iron-lock expression on pilgrim 's face . pilgrim Mike ... harrigan ( numb ) Jerry ? pilgrim no sign of he . a officer approach , hand pilgrim a mobile phone . officer it 's the Chief . ( continued ) 149 . 149 a 149b 149c 149d third draft 01/16/30 75 . continued : 149 as pilgrim take the call , harrigan turn , look down the darken tunnel , towards the front of the train , away from the investigation . something pull he forward and he walk into the tunnel and down the stair , lead to the access walk , alongside the track . he sees a dark splotch on the floor . he kneel , he finger touch blood . he look up , down the tunnel to the next elevate staircase , fifty yard away . he strain to see ... a black form seem to be kneel on the platform , backlit . suddenly , the huge form rise , and in one powerful movement , rip the skull and backbone from a body . a unearthly cry ring out as the body be kick into the track below . in a instant , the huge form have disappear into the stairway alcove . harrigan scream , pull he .45 , charge into the tunnel , aman craze , foot fly , breath come in rag gasp . harrigan reach the alcove , a flash of Jerry 's bloody form in the track below before harrigan rip open the door inside the alcove , a set of stair lead upward , blood stain on the step . harrigan charge the stair two at a time ... ext . STREET near subway build ~ night 149a where several car be jamme in the street because of the turmoil at the subway . the predator leap .. predator 's Pov 149 B spring onto the top of the park car , crush they roof . int . parked car - night 149 '' reaction from the driver as the roof be crush inward . predator 's Pov 149d leap , rush , airborne through a tree , onto a building , up the face ... 149e 151 152 through 153 154 third draft 01/16/90 76 . ext . subway build - night 149e the emergency door crash open , harrigan charge into the street , look in every direction . where ? he sees the crush roof of the car , and at the corner edge of a building , a block away , ascend , he sees the impossible , a rippling form pass in front of a light billboard . harrigan rush forward , leaping onto the car and across the street , irate driver scream at hin . reaching the sidewalk and establish the line of the creature 's travel , harrigan realize he 's be leave behind . harrigan shit ! he charge through the street , back towards the station and he car . omit ( 150 ) ext . subway station ~ night 151 like a craze animal , harrigan , eye to the roofline , push through the crowd of police and reporter . suddenly , Pope be there , beside he , keep pace . pope it 's the vigilante again , be not it ? how many victim ... more mutilation ? do you think cannibalism be ... with a powerful sweep of he arm , harrigan smashes Pope against the wall , knock he to the ground . harrigan drive through the crowd , a mad man , reach he car . with horn honking , people scatter before he , he crash through the police barricade . 152 omitted through 153 ext . cross town drive sequence - night 154 harrigan drive like a demon , whipping he way through traffic , slide into a desert intersection . he jump from the car , look frantically at the roofline . nothing . and then , a block away , something rippling through the darkness between the building . harrigan roar off down the street on a parallel course with the predator . 154a 154b 154¢ 155 163 164 165 third draft 01/16/90 77 . int . harrigan 's car - night 154a scream down a alley way , smashing into a dumpster , spin it around behind he , harrigan , eye peer through the windshield , follow the roofline . ext . industrial STREET - harrigan 's car ~ night 154b slide into the intersection , stop . int . harrigan 's car - night 154c eye search the building , harrigan pound the steering wheel in frustration . harrigan come on you bastard !!! harrigan peel out , racing down the street . he pass through a intersection , suddenly panic stop . he throw the car into reverse , peel backwards , look down a narrow street , at the end of which be a slaughter house , the weirdly illuminate sign read : redwing slaughter ... harrigan hit the pedal , tear down the street towards the slaughter house . harrigan accelerate faster down the street , building and park car whizzing past . from a alley , a bobtail truck pull into the intersection harrigan slam on the brake in a full panic stop ... 155 omitted through 163 int . harrigan 's car - night 164 the car drift sideways , smoking tire , smash broadside into the truck . momentarily stunne , harrigan struggle to open the door , which be suddenly rip open , dark form yanking he from the car , throw he to the street , handcuff lock around he wrist , a coat throw over he head . ext . forty foot trailer and tractor ~ night 165 park near the slaughter house . harrigan , coat over he head , be push , nearly carry forward by four men up a ramp and inside the truck . 166 third draft 01/16/90 78 . int . owlf command CENTER - night 166 the air-lock door close with a hiss . harrigan be yank to a stop , the coat remove from he head . he look around he in bewilderment , find himself in the strange , high - tech command center . at the consul , Peter key , wear a white coat over he suit , look up from a monitor and then walk to harrigan . he gesture to the handcuffs . keye you can remove they . one of harrigan 's abductor remove the cuff . harrigan rub he wrist , he bedy shiver slightly . keye sixty - five degree . Computers like it cool . harrigan ( stunne ) what be this ? key study harrigan , look slightly amused . keye I tell you , harrigan , you do not know what you be deal with ... key ponder the situation a moment , then lead harrigan towards the console . keye but since we be go to be keep you out of circulation for awhile ... I think you will find this interesting . at the consul , key punch in some command on a keyboard . on one of the screen , a tape begin to run , static , code number and then a image of the predator , see in a gaseous , wraith - like state , undulate , move , wisp of energy disappear , reappearing . harrigan stare at the strange image , key study he reaction , keye ( proudly ) that , Lieutenant , be you killer . remarkable , be not it ? ( more ) ( continued ) 166 third draft 01/16/90 79 . continued : 166 keye ( cont / have ) ( beat ) what you be see be a image construct from the pheromone signature leave by he body . scent molecule . we tape this earlier today . we have hundred of sensor place around the city . it 's the only way he 's visible . key punch up another screen , this one show a tape of the blasted landscape of the jungle clear , the site of the final confrontation with dutch schaeffer and the first predator . team of men in environmental suit , comb through the scorched , blast earth with a variety of instrument . keye ten year ago , one of he kind stalk and eliminate a elite special force team on a secret mission in Central America for the c.i.a . ( beat ) the explosion vaporize two hundred acre of rain forest . the effect of a low - yield nuclear blast , with no radioactive fallout . a remarkable weapon . the image change to that of anna , the Central american rebel , in she debrief . anna ( emotional ; voice quavering ) --- it use the jungle to move . very fast , powerful . it be color like the chameleon , invisible ... it be hunt the man , like a game ... key look up from the console . keye several week ago we determine that another of he species have return to Earth . to Los Angeles . picked a wonderful time , insane violence in the street , hot year on record , perfect hunt ground . a new image appear , that of Ramon 's girlfriend , also in a debrief . ( continued ) 166 third draft 01/16/90 80 . continued : ( 2 ) 166 colombian girl ( sedate ) El Diablo , a demon ... he come from nowhere ... he be everywhere ... ( begin to cry ) he kill they all . harrigan look around the room , hum in technical activity , and then to key . he 's beginning to understand . keye ( quietly ) that 's right , Lieutenant . a o.w.l.f. == other worldly life form . key punch a button . on the monitor we see , newsreel footage of violence , streetfighting in the Middle East , viet nam , iwo jima , South America , all location of sweltering heat . keye iwo jima , Cambodia , negev Desert , Beirut , Central America ... record of strange , unexplain death , dating back as far as seven hundred year ago . he 's draw by heat and conflict . heat be he environment , conflict he passion . he 's a be of pure hostility ... harrigan but with a sense of sport . take only the most dangerous -- tropies . that 's the game , be not it key ? keye yes . because of we intelligence and violent nature . you be a hunter of man , like he . that make you worthy , a first - rate trophy . he like you . a lot . harrigan why can not we see he ? keye his defensive adaptation be astounding , apparently possess the ability to bend light around he , a perfect camouflage . a craft capable of interstellar travel , weaponry so far evolve as to make we seem Stone Age in comparison . ( more ) ( continued ) third draft 01/16/90 8l. 166 continued : ( 3 ) 165 keye ( cont / d ) ( beat ) as you have see , the problem of get close to one be astounding . they be fearless , yet in the event of compromise or capture , apparently will not hesitate to destroy themselves . harrigan ycu admire this son-of - a-bitch . keye not what he do , Lieutenant , but what he be . for what he can give we . to control such power would be the great military and scientific achievement in the history of mankind . more potential than the atomic bomb . I have wait a lifetime for this . one of the technician turn , call out to key . technician Mr. key , we nre get something on the pheromone scanner . key approach the monitor , seeing the faint image of the wraith - like presence of the predator . technician target-one have enter the outer ring at six hundred meter . keeping to the normal track . he 's stop . keye it 's take we over two week to determine he point of origin , he lair . we know he ship be very close . the sample from the warehouse lead we to the pack house , where he come to feed . seem he have a taste for beef . harrigan ( wry ) what else ? technician target-one be move again , sir . ( continued ) 166 third draft 01/16/90 82. continued : ( 4 ) keye we have prepare a little trap for he in the pack house . key punch up a large monitor where we see in the forward section of the trailer , seven men , dress in flat ~ - black , refrigerate environmental suit , be make last minute check to they equipment , a video camera , and a wonderfully strange lock weapon , a long barrel matt finish rifle , a ventilate shield cover most of the barrel and breech . at the moment , one of the man be charge the gun from a larger cylinder label : liquid nitrogen . harrigan nitregen ? you be not go to kill this thing , you plan to freeze he . as key continue , he too begin to pull on a similar suit , color silver for i.d .. keye until we can get he into a ke tte cryogenics chamber . we have to capture he alive , isolate that self - destruct device of he . a nuclear size blast in the jungle be one thing , in LA it 's quite another . the cost of life would be staggering . harrigan ( bitterly ) - do not you think you have let enough people die already , key ? keye harrigan , to gain the insight into this kind of knowledge be worthy of a few sacrifice . harrigan sacrifice . the think of what people like you would do with weapon like that scare the shit out of I . ( peat ) tell I , if he camouflage so well , how can you see he ? keye we have conclude he must see in the infra-re spectrum . he find we by we heat register . ( more ) ( continued ) 166 167 168 third draft 01/16/90 83. continued : ( 5 ) 166 keye ( cont have ) block the body 's heat , and he 's blind . ( beat ) that suit be construct to insulate all body heat , make we invisible to he . in the cool room , the owlf team begin to put on hood , cover they head , pull into place oblong - shape goggle , electrical cable run to they back pack . keye ocontinue } we have fleod the pack house with microscopic , radioactive dust , sensitive to ultra-violet light -~ cold light . the dust will adhere to he body , make he visible to the ultra-violet goggle we team be wear . technician he 's come in . ' two block away . key hit a button on the console . keye he 's on he way . this be go . load up and prepare for infiltration . as soon as he 's in , we roll . ( beat ) enjoy the show , Lieutenant . this be history . key pull on he hood , disappear into a airlock . on the monitor , in the cool room , a door open , revealing the inside of a van . key and the owlf team begin transfer from the room into the van . ext . roof top ~ industrial area ~ night 167 where on a gravel - top roof , the predator 's camouflage form drop into view , the rippling shape move across the building . predator 's Pov - roof top 163 as he reach the edge , leaping down to a adjoin building , move on . 169 170 1721 172 173 174 third draft 01/16/90 84 . ext . roof of packing house - night 169 the predator land on the roof , move towards a large ventilator duct . the predator come out of camouflage . predator ‘s Pov 170 draw closer and then enter the duct . int . owlf command CENTER - night 171 a image appear on one of the monitor . technician he 's in the building . top floor . garber hit the intercom switch . garber he 's in . time to move . ext . alley way - night 172 the heavy utility van , blacken window , heavy heat trap attach to the exhaust pipe , roll from the trailer , approach the pack house , a block away . ext . packing house - night 173 the van pull to a halt , the owlf team deploy , enter the building through a slide metal door which they unlock . the team consist of key , carry a heavy nitrogen - gun , a second nitrogen - gun operator , video cameraman , and five capture men , carry a net and other restraint equipment . all the man be carry heavy caliber sidearm . keye ( v.0 . ) ( filter ) we be in , switch to ultra-violet . Radio silence . int . owlf command CENTER - night 174 where on one of the screen we see the low -light , intensify image from the video cam , glow green , revealing the team as they move into assault position . they move slowly through the bottom floor of the pack house . 175 176 177 178 179 180 181 third draft 01/16/90 85 . int . packing house - night 175 in the near darkness , we can barely make out the shape of conveyor belt , cutting table , band saws and other equipment , as well as the vague shape of the owlf team , move towards a steel staircase . keye 's Pov of the room 176 see in ultra-violet , the SOUND of labor breathing and rapid heartbeat , two team member before we beginning to ascend the stair , they suit glow purple from the radioactive dust , still swirl in the air . int . command CENTER ~ night 177 garber and harrigan intently watch a scanner , indicate the position of the owlf team and the predator . technician they be move to the second level . the target be still move , head towards the number two stairwell . garber ( intense ; on the edge ) play right into it . int . packing house - night 178 the dark form of the owlf team move up the stair , heavy crepe - sole shoe step soundlessly up the steel staircase . owlf team Pov 179 as key reach the top , step onto the next floor , the room around he swim with billion of dance , phosphorescent particle . int . packing house - upper floor - night 180 the vague form of the predator , move through the darkness . suddenly he sense be alert and he stop , turn he head slightly , concentrate . int . staircase ~ night 181 in close up of a crepensol shoe , the SOUND amplified a thousand time by the predator 's selective hearing . through a sea of white noise , we hear the distinctive scrunch of the crepe-sole , move on the steel . 182 183 184 i185 186 187 188 third draft 01/16/90 86 . int . upper floor ~- night 182 the predator 's form still listen . curiously he move forward , perching on the railing of a staircase , peer into the darkness below . from this vantage point we can see the dark form of the owlf team , move across the floor towards the second level staircase . predator 's Pov - same angle ~ same view 183 he can see nothing , the owlf team heat register completely block by they suit . return to scene - predator 184 cock he head , curiously , a faint trill of excitement express . int . owlf command CENTER ~- night 185 the image on the screen clearly show the predator within close range of the owlf team . technician they should be see he any moment now . garber ( quietly ; tense ) it 's work . int . packing house ~ second floor - night 186 the owlf team move cautiously , stop every few foot to look and listen . int . third level ~ night 187 from the landing the predator move slowly , examine the floor below . he stop , listen . predator 's Pov 188 still see nothing but hearing below he , clear sound of movement . ( continued ) 188 189 190 third draft 01/16/90 87 . continued : 183 suddenly he field of vision change , switch , strange symbol run up the margin of he vision as a new wave -length lock into view -~ hold for a moment before switch through several other range , include geometric pattern , wave line , finally lock in on a ultra - violet range . instantly he sees the vague outline of six human , move below he , and from they helmet , intense beam of violet light , project out into the room like head light . return to scene ~ predator 189 the predator draw back in surprise , he spiny appendage flaring outward like a cobra , a low trill of delight emerge from he throat . int . owlf command CENTER - night 190 garber , harrigan , and the technician intently study the monitor , show the owlf team and the predator 's position . technician wait a minute ... he 's stop . he 's move back , against the wall . garber ( concerned ) bring up the schematic . on the screen , a three -dimensional blueprint of the building appear , show floor , staircase and other structure . the owlf team be on the second floor , still move towards the staircase . the predator 's position , however , now show he be move out from and around the third floor landing , circle into a position behind the team . technician he 's back up . move away from they . it 's almost as through he might have ... harrigan he 's see they , garber , you boy have be make , garber look quickly from harrigan , back to the screen . technician he 's circle behind they , sir . ( continued ) 190 191 192 third draft 01/16/90 88. continued : 190 harrigan get ‘em out , garber , they be walk into a trap ! get ‘em out . garber panic , hesitate ... harrigan slam he hand down on the transmit button on the console . harrigan key , he 's behind you . third floor structure . he 's right there ! keye ( v.0 . ) ( filter ) who , what ? who be that ? what the hell 's go on ? harrigan he can see the damn light . turn they off , turn they off ! on the video=-cam monitor , we see a rapid pan around the room and up the wall to the third floor structure , the team member reacting defensively , turn , search above they . harrigan shit ! harrigan be run down the trailer . garber turn , shout for help . garber stop he ! two man rush to stop harrigan , both of they take out with a veal display of street fight skill from harrigan : punch , head - butt , kick , cross -body block and elbow blow . in second the two man be unconscious . harrigan head for the air-lock . predator 's Pov from third floor 191 look down on the fleor below as he slip behind strut , and support beam , seeing the violet beam from the team , sweeping the room . int . packing house second floor ~ night 192 the dark form of the owlf team , move , look above they . ( continued ) 192 192a 193 194 third draft 01/16/90 89 . continued : 192 garber ( v.0 . ) ( filter ; rapid ) he 's move down on you position , from the right ... keye ( v.0 . ) ( filter ) Circle up , defensive position . the team fan out , follow they drill behavior , form a broad circle , they back to each other , the leader and two back - up man draw they weapon . ext . sidestreet ~ night 192a harrigan throw open the trunk of he car grab a second - chance body armour , slide a plate of ballistic alloy into a pouch ; hefting a assault shotgun in its holster ; finally slamm a clip into a m=203 , insert a 40 mm grenade into the breech , lock it . harrigan race down the street towards the pack house . Pov owlf team member : 193 see in ultra-violet , the headlamps crisscross like violet searchlight as the man form into a circle , peer upward into the open structure of the third floor . keye ( v.0 . ) ( filter ) Command . c can not see he , can not see he . where be he ? from above , a violet waterfall drop into the center of the circle . as the man spin , he sees the terrifying image of the predator , glow with burn phosphorescence in the ultra-violet light . a instant later the predator move , the telescoping spear rocketing towards he ... int . command CENTER - night 194 where on the video- cam monitor , we see the dim presence of the predator , move through the man as the camera dart to keep he in sight . garber ( panic ) he 's right there ... ( continued ) 194 195 195 a 195b third draft 01/16/90 90 . continued : ig4 we hear scream and shout over the speaker , see the flash of gunfire . garber my , God ... suddenly there be a violent shock as the video- cam be hit , fall to the floor , the screen go to static as the camera spin across the floor . omit ( 194a ) int . warehouse - night 195 in the midst of the circle , the four remain team member , include key and the nitrogen - gun operator , be fire blindly , swinging , try to track the predator 's movement , blast from the nitrogen - gun fire into the air . two man with pistol be take out , almost at once by the samurai-like thrust , slashes and lunge the predator make with the double - end spear . the nitrogen - gunner turn , take a killing dart which cut through he goggle and into he head , drive he backwards and to the floor . key , the last alive , terrify , he breathing rag and gasp , press on with the attack , a man possess . suddenly the predator drop in front of he , move forward . keye you can not do this ! I own you ! ext . slaughter house door - night 195a harrigan appear , leveling the m-203 at the entrance door , firing ... int . packing house - night 195b the blast rip the slide door off its track , send it tumble to the floor . through the backlit smoke , harrigan appear , jam another grenade into the m -203 . harrigan ( shouting ) you want I , here I be !i! 195 '' 196 197 198 198a through 201 202 203 third draft 01/16/90 91 . int . slaughter house - second floor - night 1g95 '' in response , the predator spin ... key see he chance and attack , charge the predator with the nitrogen gun , firing , a blast of nitrogen hit the predator 's shoulder canon . the predator , with unearthly speed , the kill knife flashing downward , attack , cut key in half on a diagional at the shoulder ... the nitrogen - gun jamming OPEN , send a continuous blast of super - cool nitrogen towards the ceiling . close on a water pipe and sprinkler head 196 part of the fire- control system . the pipe , hit by the nitrogen , freeze , a skeaning whine as the pipe burst , water spraying into the room . close on sprinkler head 197 throughout the entire floor , as they erupt , one by one , explode into fountain of rain , flooding the room . int . owlf command CENTER - night 198 every monitor be now read blank or fill with static , no sound come from the speaker , except the torrent of rain , fall inside the building . garber ( stunne ) they be go . they be all dead . 198a omitted through 201 int . packing house - second floor ~ night 202 the predator rear into view , he camouflage - effect shorting out heavily in the rain , pulse of blue energy crackling over he body . he tap in a command on he arm control , the effect cease , he body now in full view . the predator turn , ready to face he newest challenger , the one he 's be wait for .. predator 's Pov of the room 203 we now see that the predator be face with a new problem , the coolness of the water have impair he vision , he field cloud with white static from the fall rain . despite this handicap , he move on . 204 205 206 third draft 01/16/90 : 92. int . packing house ~ ground floor - night 204 harrigan move , darting through the rain - fill room , take cover , move . suddenly , from behind he , harrigan hear the slam of a door . he spin and drop , move for cover on the flood floor . peer into the black rain , harrigan sees some furtive movement before he . he lower the m -203 , he finger touch the trigger . he draw closer , set , wait . more movement . harrigan be about to fire when out of the rain he hear key 's voice . keye ( v.0 . ) you can not do this ! TI own you ! a incredulous lock on harrigan 's face . harrigan ( to himself ) key ? harrigan start to move towards the source of key 's voice . harrigan ( whisper ) reye , where be you ? harrigan 's eye go wide with fear , diving for the floor as one of the predator 's killing dart flash forward , miss he head by inch , punch through the top of a steel butcher 's table . harrigan come up , firing a full clip from the m-203 , roll to one side , slamm in another clip . he listen , eye stare to see into the blind rain . he run ... predator 's Pov 205 through the confusion of the rain induce snow , the predator sees a faint , heat - image , move across he field . return to scene 206 as the predator fire a blast from he laser canon , a fiery explosion as the hit tear into the opposite wall . from the blackness , more gunfire flash out , miss the predator . we go in close on the predator 's mask , the voice of king willie emerge . ( continued ) 206 207 208 209 210 third draft 91/16/90 93. continued : 206 king willie ( v.0 . ) no killin’ what can not be kill . you know what I be sayin 's to you , mon ? the hideous laugh , mimick from the jamaican , uncola man , echoe through the room . int . packing house ~ harrigan ~- night 207 in position behind a band see , move the m-203 from side to side , try to get a lock on the predator 's position . harrigan step out , firing the grenade launcher . predator 's position 208 the grenade explode against the wall behind he , knock ever the box he be climb , flame shrapnel take out he shoulder canon , other fragment splattering into he back . the predator 's scream , raise he arm , where a smaller version of the laser canon pop up , firing ... harrigan 209 the blast catch he directly in the chest , the impact lift he off he foot , rip he backwards twenty foot , a burst of FIRE from the m-203 as it fly out of he hand . daze , harrigan struggle to he foot , look down to see a smoking , gape hole in he chest , the blast have burn through the flak vest , chicken plate and nearly through the second body armour , which be still smoking , on FIRE and melting , searing he skin . frantically , harrigan rip off the flak vest , the still molten chicken plate and the body armour . he look up to see , a rush of the predator 's body , close in on he ... harrigan roll , the killing knife flash by he head . he 's to he foot and run for he life , racing head - long , arm pump , heart pound , through the blind rain . behind he he can hear the predator , close in on he . predatorn Pov 210 through the rush static of the rain , seeing faint glimpsis , flash of harrigan 's body , somewhere ahead of he . 211 212 213 214 third draft 01/16/90 94 . return to scene 211 harrigan run . suddenly there be something , white and dangle , rush towards he ... he hold up he hand , hit the vinyl strip , form a cold curtain between the pack house and ... int . refrigerator room ~ night 212 harrigan slamm head - on into a beef carcass , hang from overhead meat hook . the blow knock he to the floor , where he sees a long corridor , fill with beef carcass . he shake off the blow , scramble on hand and knee through the carcass , the rain coursing down they , the floor awash in bloody water . with a savage trill , the predator tear aside the vinyl strip , rip they from they support . he pause a moment and then , with powerful lunge , assault the carcass , swinging they violently to the side as he charge down the corridor , search for he victim . predator 's Pov 213 hand lung out , swinging the carcass . return to scene 214 moving with the predator , he powerful arm swinging the heavy carcass high on they chain . he reach the last carcass , rip at they , the last one pull aside , revealing ... harrigan , backpedal on the floor , hit the wall . a look of terror in he eye and then he whip forward the assault shotgun from he hip , firing six round wham , wham , wham , wham , wham , wham ... two round barely clipping the predator 's side , the other four , solid , thudding hit into he chest and shoulder area , gout of GREEN blood erupting as in slow motion , the predator be blow off he foot , hit the floor in a tremendous splash , slide backwards , come to a stop , lie there , silent , unmove , as if dead . as the fire- control system run it cycle , the sprinkler begin to shut down , leave the room in eerie silence , except for the dripping of water and the swirling of drain . harrigan slowly get to he foot , stare at the incredible beast , lie before he . he approach , the shotgun levele . ( continued ) 214 215 third draft 01/16/90 95 . continued : a4 cautiously he prod the inert creature in the chest <- no response . he stand , look down at the predator 's helmet . he have to see what be beneath it , see this killer ... he kneel , balance the shotgun across he knee , study the massive helmet , lock for a way to remove it . he grab two hose , twist they , a rush of gas spew forth . he grasp the helmet under the chin , feel a slight resistance . gritting he tooth he pull harder , the SOUND of something pull away from a wet surface . he clear the helmet from the predator 's face , repell backwards as the full impact of the alien 's mottle , reptilian skin and the horrible maw of pincer and tooth , hit home . yet he can not take he eye off the incredible visage . harrigan sweet , Jesus ... as he stare at the face , he sees what appear to be a nerve reaction on the face , a slight twitching ... the predator 's arm flash up_ from below , grab harrigan by the throat , the shotgun fall , rip he down , face to face with the terrible maw , now open wide . at the back of the predator 's throat , the inner fold of skin , form a second mouth , move , the mimic of a 6 ~ year - old - boy -- like you have never hear one before . 6 ~year-old -boy ( scream ) have some candy ???!!! with a powerful thrust , the predater hurl harrigan through the air , harrigan cling to the predator 's helmet . as he slam against the wail , the helmet fling from he hand , geudd down a funnel blood drain , clatter down the flue . the predator rise to one knee , harrigan stare terrify , the shotgun between he and the predator . deprive of he atmospheric regulator , the predator labor heavily for breath , look at the thick flow of blood from he chest and shoulder . he stagger to he foot , look down at harrigan . predator 's Pov 215 his vision awash in out - of - focus shape and color . 216 217 218 219 third draft 01/16/90 96 . return to scene 216 the predator reach down , grab for the shotgun , harrigan gasp for breath , scared out of he mind . with one blow , the predator smashes the gun against the wall , break it in two . the predator turn and stagger away , leave harrigan stunne , finally take a breath . he look down , seeing the glowing blood trail leave by the predator . int . packing house ~ second floor - night 217 where the owlf team lie scattered on the floor , horribly mutilate . harrigan search through the body , find a - 357 desert eagle pistol . he move on . int . ventilation duct - night 218 the glow blood trail drip down the sheet metal . harrigan , use the seam-join as hand and foot hold , pull he way up the duct , panting and sweat from the exertion . ext . roof of packing house - night 219 glow cityscape in the b.g. harrigan pull himself out of the ventilation duct , gasp for air as he look around he . harrigan , pistol out , move across the darken roof , follow more blood trail . clear a elevator housing , harrigan sees the predator , twenty foot away , kneel on the ground and hold something to he face . harrigan level the pistol , squinting at the dark form before he . before he can fire , the predator suddenly turn , hold a emergency breathing unit to he face , part of he body equipment . harrigan fire , the bullet glance off the predator 's amour and into the side of he head , the slide the the weapon kick open -~ the last shot . harrigan shit ! harrigan hit the ground hard as the predator wheel and activate the spear , throw it . the spear miss , tear a huge rent in the roof top . the predator be up and run , to the side of the building where he leap , landing on the roof of the next building . ( continued ) 219 220 222 third draft 01/16/90 97 . continued : 219 harrigan pick up the spear and run to the edge , stare at the 15 foot expanse between the two building . he see the predator , exhaust from he leap , again kneel , breathe from he emergency respirator . look for a way to cross over to the opposite building , harrigan look down , see eight foot below he a series of water and steam pipe , connect the two building . he step back , he mind swim with dizziness and nausea . but he steel himself , breathe deeply . harrigan maybe I ’1ll get lucky and fall ... holding the spear he hang over the edge , foot dangle , the pipe three foot below he . he let go , he foot push right through the crumbling insulation of the pipe , throw he backwards , struggle , twist to regain he balance . gingerly he get to he foot , walk across the pipe , chunks of insulation fall away as he cross the ten foot to the other side . cling to the wall he turn , face the fire ascape , still four foot away . take a breath he leap , grab the escape . but the impact of he weight on the rotted bolt hold the ladder to the masonry , shear , one side of the landing drop several foot , harrigan scrabbling for purchase . carefully he swing one leg up , climb up the sway , creaking ladder to the top of the building . ext . top of build ~ night 220 reaching the top he recover , seeing the predator , once again on the move , prepare for another leap to the next building . harrigan , hold the massive spear like a broadaxe in both hand , charge . harrigan nooo !!! the predator turn . omit ( 121 ) predatorn Pov 222 in he distort field of vision , can barely make out the heat image move towards he . 223 third draft 01/16/90 98 . return to scene 223 the predator remove the smart weapon from he hip . a taper disk of patine metal , engrave in strange rune , the edge a gleam , razor edge . the predator 's finger slip into a dish - out section , perfectly mold to he hand . his finger sink home , fist close , the weapon charging to life , a high - pitch whine as the edge begin to glow red FIRE . he throw the weapon overhand like a discus , the disk streaking towards harrigan ... who instinctively duck , block with the spear , which the weapon strike , cleave a foot off the end it like be butter , turn into a tight arc , return to the predator 's hand . as the predator turn to move , harrigan be to he foot , charge , swinging the spear from he hip , take the predator on he right shoulder and arm , the smart weapon knock from he hand , drop to the roof . instantly the predator spin , the fight knife slashing through the spear , cut it in half . undaunted , harrigan swing the remain section of spear , hit the predator in the side of the face , recover , smash he again . with a scream , the predator connect with a backhand to harrigan 's chest , knock he off he foot and to the roof . the predater , gasp for breath , turn to leap . like a enraged bull , harrigan charge , tackle the predator around the waist , drive the predator forward , the killing knive slashing for harrigan 's body , just as he hit the edge . as the predator , off balance begin to topple over , he grab harrigan 's arm , drag he over the roof . the predator drive the smart weapon into the brick , where it wedge , leave harrigan on the ledge of the building to he waist , the predator dangle in mid-air , he glow blood flow heavily from he shoulder wound , he hand grasp harrigan 's forearm and the smart weapon . as the predator 's hand begin to slip , he bury he claw into harrigan 's flesh , draw a agonizing scream from harrigan . the predator 's wound be now nearly fatal , he life ebbing away by the second , he breathing labor and gasp . hé release the smart weapon , reach down with he free hand , unable to grab the dangle emergency breather . the predator look up , meeting harrigan 's wild - eye stare . harrigan look down the ten story drop , seeing a iron fence , top with heavy , ornamental spear . ( continued ) 223 third draft 01/16/90 99 . continued : 223 harrigan ( gasp ) now what ? the predator gasp for breath , spitting up green blood . he look at harrigan , struggle , a voice form in he throat . gold tooth ( v.0 . ) ( basso jamaican ) ++. shit happen , mon ! as harrigan watch , the predator swing up he right hand , touch he arm control unit , the cover flipping open , revealing the familiar three screen computer . he begin to punch in the arming sequence to he destruct mode . harrigan be at first puzzle , and then remember . harrigan Jesus ... strain , harrigan look down , seeing the smart weapon , wedge into the wall . he reach out , he finger inch short of grasp the weapon . below he , the predator continue , painfully , to punch in the destruct code , with a shout , harrigan lunge , touch the weapon with he finger . he struggle to remove the heavy weapon , still inert and inactive in he hand . he squeeze the weapon , but it fail to activate . . with terrify eye , harrigan look down , seeing that the countdown sequence be underway , a high - pitch beeping as the red indicator in each section click off ... in one final cry of anguish and rage , harrigan squeeze with every last ounce of he strength , the weapon ... powering to life , the razor edge sizzling with energy , fly from the stone . with a mighty swipe , harrigan swing the weapon , cleave through the predator 's arm and computer control , the countdown freezing on the last red symbol ! with the suddenly release of tension , harrigan fly backwards onto the roof as ... 224 225 226 227 third draft 01/16/90 100 . the predator 224 fall , he right hand make a powerful swipe , the killing knive embed into the wall , leave a shrieking , double rent down the wall , SPARKS fly , slow the predator , he foot and toenail desperately digging for purchase . the knife pull free from the wall , the predator fall hit a drain pipe , which rip away from the wall , fall across to the next building , the predator crash through a window , ext . roof top ~ night 225 harrigan struggle to remove the predator 's severe hand , claw imbed deeply into he flesh . in a cry of pain , he rip free the hand , which twitches and dance along the ledge . he struggle to the top of the roof , look down , see the destroy drain pipe but no sign of the predator . int . live rcom - night _ 226 a tiny , cloistered space , fill with old and tatter furniture , a life-time of memorabilia decorate the wall , the home of RUTH and herb . who at the moment be sit in they stuff easy chair , herb with he head back , snoring soundly , Ruth deeply into a episode of jeopardy on television . as the tension on the screen heighten , the audience scream , Ruth be distract by a noise from the bathroom . puzzle , she turn the herb , poke he in the shoulder . RUTH herb . herb . wake up . there 's somebody in the bathroom . herb . continue he walrus < like snore , the Jeopardy audience yelling they head off in the background . int . bathroom ~ night 227 tiny , decorate with crinoline curtain , ceramic figurine , and love message on the wall , geriatric stocking hang from the shower rod . the predator 's image rear up in the mirror . he lean forward , study himself and then ... smash , he destroy the mirror , the shard of glass fall into the sink . 228 229 230 231 third draft 01/16/90 lol. int . apartment - night 228 Ruth be now stand beside she chair . she hear more crashing from the bathroom . she poke herb again . RUTH herb ! herb ! wake up . there 's somebody in the bathroom ! herb snort in he sleep , move deeper into he chair . Left to investigate this mystery on she own , Ruth begin the long , slow trek to the bathroom . int . bathroom - night 229 the predator tear up another section of ceramic tile , dump it into the sink along with the glass , other tile and a cold cream jar . open he thigh field - kit , he remove a small metal strip , eight inch long , a black knob at one end . he triggers the strip , which unfold like a fan on a center point , form a shallow dish , the knob in the center contain three tiny prong . he place the dish on the toilet tank , touch its base , a blue flame leaping between the three prong . he scoops up handfuls of the debris from the sink , drop they into the mortar , which be instantly vaporize , form a molten sludge . into this the predator break open a vile , a blue liquid flow into the mass , cause it to solidify and change color . ext . live room - night 230 Ruth still shuffle slowly towards the bathroom door , Jeopardy blast away in the background , mingle with herb 's snore . int . bathroom ~ night 231 use a flat ~ - blade tool , the predator scoops up the blue mass from the mortar , slapping it onto the expose stump of he arm , instantly cauterize it , a skin~like texture form over the wound . the predator scream in pain . recovering , he apply more of the heal mixture into he shoulder and chest wound . removing a power-syringe from he kit , he touch a switch , a long , gleam needle appear . fill the syringe with a black liquid , he plunge the needle deep into he chest , press the plunger . ( continued ) 231 232 233 third draft 01/16/90 102. continued : 231 he put the breather to he face , inhale deeply -- a new source of power surging through the predator . int . live room - night 232 Ruth have reach the bathroom and be extend she arm towards the knob ... as suddenly , the entire door and casement be tear from the wall on the hinge side , the door pivote on the latch towards Ruth , who disappear behind the door . the predator pass frame , exite . as the door fall , revealing a terrify Ruth , she see the front door explode , as something huge and dark tear right through it . in he chair , herb awaken with a start . herb Ruth , there 's someone at the door ! int . apartment build - night 233 harrigan fly down the stair , carry the smart weapon in he hand . he reach the floor to Ruth and herb 's apartment where several resident peer from they door , ducking back in as they see harrigan , wet , bloody , clothes in shard , a strange , frisbee - like weapon in he hand . harrigan pass Ruth and herb 's apartment , a jag hole where the door use to be . he stop , look inside , make eye contact with a still shake Ruth . harrigan it 's all right , I be a cop . Ruth look at he tatter appearance and then to she demolish door . RUTH I do not think he give a shit . a muffled explosion , welling up through the elevator shaft at the end of the hall , cause harrigan to spin , he hand grasp the smart weapon . harrigan move down the hall to the elevator , find one door buckle and bent outward . he look in , seeing the car above , below he the expose shaft lead to the pit . he sees a faint glow of the predator 's blood on the counter - weight cable , attach to the wall . further down the shaft he sees another smear of blood . ( continued ) 233 233a 2333 234 third draft 01/16/90 103. continued : 233 harrigan look up , at the loop of cable , just out of reach , hang from the bottom of the car above he . he hesitates a moment and then , place the smart weapon in he waist band , he reach outside , push the down button on the elevator , the elevator charge to life . int . elevator shaft / pit - night 233a as the car descend , harrigan leap into the shaft , grab the loop , the descend car carry he down towards the blacken pit . harrigan hit the floor of the pit , the elevator still descend . he desperately search for the exit route the predator must have take , the car above continue to thunder down towards he . at the last second he sees the faint impression of a hole in the side of the well , two foot above the floor . harrigan dive ... int . telephone cable access tunnel ~ night 2333 harrigan tumble into the narrow tunnel , just as the elevator car crush to a halt on the other side , obscure the hole . harrigan fumble for a book of match , strike one . in the glow of the light he see a hole , blast through the concrete , twisted rebar and rubble scattered across the floor . he turn , find he be in a long , narrow tunnel , the wall and ceiling pack with telephone cable and relay box . a low - level glow - light tube run the length of the shaft , a work light , illuminate the scene . traces of the predator 's blood be still glow on the floor . harrigan crawl along the tunnel , a few yard later , find another hole , blast through the floor . harrigan strike another match , but a flow of air from the hole quickly extinguish the match . put he ear to the hole , harrigan can hear the faint SOUND of drip water . grabbing the edge , he lower himself gingerly into the hole , terrify at what might be wait below . int . the black void - night 234 harrigan 's foot descend into the darkness , feel for support '' - nothing . he lower himself , fully , hang on by he fingertip , find himself in near total darkness , he foot still touch nothing but air . ( continued ) 234 third draft 01/16/90 104 . continued : 234 sweating , harrigan frantically feel for something below , he hand beginning to slip on the jag edge of the concrete . unable to pull himself back , and find nothing below , finger slip ... harrigan oh , shit ... he let go , fall ... six foot , landing hard on a steel decking of some kind . he get to he foot , try to orientate to the darkness . by the SOUND of echoing , drip water , he realize he be in some huge , cavernous chamber . he remove the smart weapon from he waist . use he free hand , he strike a match from the book , one -hande , barroom style . he hold the match up , the faint glow only penetrate the gloom a few foot . harrigan must be the sewer ... he move forward , along the metal floor , cover in water . as he proceed , he realize he be start to descend at a gradual slope , the impression of wall and a ceiling beginning to form . he continue downward , a faint glow of light now visible some fifty yard ahead , revealing that the passageway be beginning to curve outward in a gentle arc . as he grow closer to the light , he see that he foot be obscure in a fog of brown gas , swirl higher as he descend . his breathe be start to become labor and difficult . harrigan ( ominously ) methane ... with the light now closer , he see that he be not inside some sewer tunnel , but something organic-looking , the membrane~like saction of the wall resembling the inside of a chamber nautilus . harrigan what the hell be this ... the gas now waist high , he reach the end of the passageway , open into a large room , the convergence of many other tunnel , some descend , some rise . his eye scan the room , ( continued ) 234 third draft 01/16/90 : 105 . continued : ( 2 ) 234 harrigan ( to himself ) anybody home ... suddenly , from the mist , a hurtle Mass rush towards hin , harrigan yank off he foot by the impact of the predator 's net , drive he backwards to the wall , the spike on the net , burrow into the ship 's wall , the net tightening ... as the net begin to cut into he face and body , harrigan squeeze the smart weapon which energiZe , slice through the net , harrigan drop to the floor . on he hand and knee , harrigan leok up to see the predator , hold a futuristic mace , pommel handle , bristle with denticle hook , slightly flexible for rip and tear . with a lighten movement , the mace drive towards harrigan ... which be deflect by a nearly instinctual movement by the smart weapon , a flash of steel as the mace be intersected , the blow knock harrigan across the room , the predator rush in for another attack . use the smart weapon as a shield , harrigan encounter blow after blow from the predator 's mace , each hit blast he off he foot , slamm he into the wall and floor of the alien spacecraft , harrigan barely recover before he be hit again . his breathe now rag and gasp , harrigan be near the end of he endurance . he can not survive much longer ... another powerful , sweeping blow from the mace hurl he backwards into the wall , the smart weapon fly from he bruise and tremble hand , landing several foot away . as harrigan start to move towards the weapon , the mace flash , the head block the way . gasp for breath , terrify , harrigan back away . the predator advance and stop , drop the mace . harrigan then hear the chill mimic of he own voice . harrigan 's voice ( v.0 . ) ( filter ) watch you ass , Danny Boy ... the kill knife slash into position , the predator advance towards harrigan , who can do nothing but wait for the final blow . harrigan 's terrify eye go to the smart weapon , lie on the floor , then back to the predator , he huge form now loom over he . ( continued ) 234 third draft 01/16/90 106 , continued : ( 3 ) 234 as the predator lunge with a kill upper cut , harrigan dive to one side , the knife , in a shower of spark , rake across the wall . harrigan grab the smart weapon , energize it and with a drive lunge with the last of he strength , lunge upward , the smart weapon slice deeply into the predator 's expose midsection , bury itself deeply inside ... with a deafen scream and a flood of green blood , the predator stagger backwards . as the predator turn and drop to he knee , harrigan struggle to he foot , grab the mace . harrigan raise the mace , barely able to lift it 's weight , stumbling forward , attack the die alien . like a hard - shell cockroach that refuse to die , harrigan pound and pummel the creature with the last of he strength as the predator continue to crawl towards a now activate life - chamber , that somehow will save the predator . harrigan deliver blow after blow to the predator , alternately kick and shove he but the predator , near death , will not quit . harrigan . ( gasp ) die you bastard , die ! the predator reach the chamber , a door slide open , a waft of gas emerge ... another second and the predator will be inside . - but as the predator roll to one side , harrigan thrust he hand deep into the green gore of he chest , activate and withdraw the smart weapon . with the last of he breath he raise the weapon over he head . harrigan that 's right , fucker , shit happen . unbelievably , he hear the chill SOUND of a heavy , cluck trill , come from behind he . in disbelief he turn , paralyze in shock as he sees , materialize from the mist , the impossible sight of another predator , turn from camouflage to visible ; follow by another , and another , and yet another , emerge from the various passageway , until there be ten predator stand abreast . harrigan stumble backwards in complete astonishment , drop the weapon . he collapse to he knee . as two of the predator walk forward , pick up they vanquish comrade , the first predator , larger and more ancient - look than the other , he body festoon with trophies take from many kill , step forward . ( continued ) 234 235 through 237 238 239 third draft 01/16/90 107 . continued : ( 4 ) 234 dumbstruck with fatigue and shock , harrigan watch transfix as the grayback approach , the gleam fight knife move . the grayback raise he arm , hold . suddenly the knife be withdraw . reaching behind he , the grayback grab something , remove a object which he throw to harrigan . harrigan catch it , slowly look down , see the engrave silver and wood forestock of a seventeenth century matchlock pistol . he turn it over in he hand , seeing a name and a date engrave into the silver , the name in italian , the date : 1640 . harrigan look up , stare at the grayback . suddenly the hard floor below he change , become nearly liquid , harrigan grop into the darkness in a control fall , blurred impression of the ship ‘s bio-mechanical structure rush by as a powerful , low - pitch whine build to a ear-splitt crescendo . 235 omitted through 237 int . abandoned subway station - night 238 harrigan be drop to the wet ground . he look up , above he , as a massive shape begin to move at incredible speed . in a blast of energy , the ship race past overhead , disappear in a huge explosion of light and SOUND , the concussion knock harrigan the the ground . slowly he get to he foot as a hurrican wind of dust and sand , fill the room , now illuminate by dim sunlight , stream in from a hole , at the far end . holding the pistol , harrigan move painfully towards the light begin end credit . ext . abandoned subway exit - dawn 239 the site of a projectile of tremendous weight and power leave at incredible speed , giant , still smoulder trenches cut through the earth . from the tunnel open , harrigan appear , pick he way forward , look like a man return from hell , he clothes nearly tear from he body , he skin dust with a fine layer of ash , dust and sand . harrigan , barely walk but still on he foot , move into the open . harrigan turn , start by the thumping whine of a helicopter , flaring into view , hold over the scene . ( continued ) 239 third draft 01/16/90 108. continued : 239 in the swirl wash of the rotor , harrigan shield he eye , look upward , seeing garber , frame in the doorway of the black jet Ranger . garber seem overwhelm , defeat . garber look up into the sky , at the diminish vapor trail . he look back at harrigan . harrigan ( to himself ) do not worry , they 's 11 be back . as a flood of emergency vehicle , light flash , descend on the scene , harrigan look into the dawn sky to the track of a moving point of light , outbound . omit ( 240 ) end credit roll the end