p R E T T y W o m a N by Jonathan lawton &amp ; Stephen Metcalfe -------------------------------------------------------------- ext . a house in the hollywood hill - night the view of downtown Los Angeles from the enormous , ornate house be extraordinary . a small outdoor dinner party be in progress . a magician be entertaining guest . play card and coin appear and disappear in he nimble hand . int . house study - night edward harris stand at the window , impassively look down at the party . Edward be a handsome , well groom man of around forty . he look tired ; the kind of fatigue that can not be cure by a night 's sleep . edward ( a murmur ) Left pocket . and indeed , down below , the magician pull the coin from the leave pocket of the incredulous woman 's silk blazer . more laughter and applause . the study be in keep with the rest of the house . luxurious . everything the best . william stuckey , Edward 's contemporary , be a crafty look lawyer who be the party host . vance be a investment banker . his assistant jake , be a financial researcher . the other man be investment banker . they be in dark suit and power tie . on the table be stack of document and folder , the name " kross industries " be prominent on many of the folder . investment banker 1 we bank certainly do not want to discourage Harris enterprise from invest in California . we think this be a great new venue for you but you have get to understand the merger and acquisition market be change . with the upsw in inflation we have to make this offering tempting to offset the risk . vance look , we be talk about hard asset and a straight liquidation . we have over a thousand man hour in this deal . stuckey ( lose patience ) this be a " no brainer " . there 's no risk for you . no one have ever lose money back Mr. Harris . investment banker 2 not yet . but ship building be a new endeavor for you ... stuckey ( cut he off ) come on . you know we be not go to go into ship building . besides , you be the one with the troubled track record , not we ! investment banker 3 Bill , be reasonable . if you be really go to digest kross industry that quickly eighteen should not be such a problem . besides , I do not think there 's anywhere else you can go for the money in the time you have . edward it 's unacceptable . Edward turn from the window . he have not miss a thing . all eye be on he . edward draymen heux have offer I seventy - five in the pool at sixteen and a half . I can secure the other half personally . you have until tomorrow morning to make I a better offer . the banker speechlessly stare at he . edward the meeting be over , gentleman . he turn away . the banker look at one another . they rise . silence as they exit . when the door close . stuckey explode with laughter . stuckey hah ! do you see the look on they face ? vance you do not think we push too hard ? stuckey no way ! they will come back . they can not afford not to . Edward , that bluff be beautiful . edward maybe I should have make it rhyme . the other stare at he , uncertain . stuckey laugh . the other follow suit . edward ( look at he watch ) well ! it 's late . we have be at this long enough . stuckey rise . Edward usher vance and Jake toward the door . edward gentlemen , enjoy the party . the magician 's wonderful . vance and Jake exit . edward ( call after they ) watch you leave pocket . a butler have enter the room . butler phone call , Mr. Harris . it 's miss Charles . stuckey Cynthia ? be she come out ? edward we be about to find out . go on . take care of you guest . stuckey exit the room as Edward cross to the telephone . edward ( into phone ) where be you , Cynthia ? ( beat ) I see . ( pause , get angry ) no , I do not expect you to be at my beck - and -call . be you come or not ? int . house - stairway - night Edward descend the long , curve stairway . he have vance in tow . edward ( all business ) prepare the filing papers . have they ready by the middle of the week . I will tell you when to submit they . the people talk and drink on the stairway gravitate toward Edward . a man Edward ! edward ( turn on the charm ) yes ! the man will we see you at the polo match Wednesday ? edward would not miss it . ( abruptly ; to vance ) I want this do fast and easy . no slip-up . I want to be back in New York by Saturday . get it ? he deftly keep make he way through the crowd . int . house - the downstair hall - night stuckey be sip champagne and talk to a beautiful woman in a tight sheath of a evening dress . a elegant woman elizabeth stuckey approach from behind he . she tap he on the shoulder and he turn , startle . elizabeth Bill ? stuckey ( flustered ) oh ... hi , honey ... millicent , uh , uh , millicent . millicent lowell . stuckey lowell , right . my wife , Elizabeth . elizabeth ( ignore she ) be Edward leave ? stuckey look up to see Edward move quickly toward the door . stuckey abruptly leave the two woman together to follow Edward . ext . the house - night Edward come out of the house . jag , a limo with wait driver and two BMW 's pack the circular driveway behind a black Ferrari . the limo driver leap to attention at the sight of Edward . Edward stand , make a obvious effort to keep he impatience under control . stuckey come out of the house and down the walk . stuckey what 's up , where you go ? edward give I you car key , will you , I be go back to my hotel . stuckey at least stay for a drink . this party 's for you . edward apologize to Elizabeth for I . stuckey grope uncertainly in he pocket for key . stuckey listen , there be some major local talent inside just die to meet you ... edward ( as if delighted ) really ? some high class gold digger who speak french better than I do ? ( turn away ) no , thank you . I just get off the phone with one . stuckey Cynthia 's not come ? edward no . Edward grab the key out of stuckey 's hand . he cross to a black Ferrari and get in . stuckey let you driver take you . we will move the car ... Edward start the car . stuckey can you drive a stick ? the car lurch forward with a squeal of wheel and promptly stall . stuckey Edward , give I a break ! with a squeal of tire , the Ferrari buck out of the driveway and ... stall again . edward Love this car ! be it new ? stuckey yes ! and you do not even know where you be go ! Edward start it again and head uncertainly uphill . stuckey watch , throw up he hand . stuckey that 's the wrong way ! credit begin as in a series of crosscut : ext . hollywood hill - night the Ferrari , move fast through the Hollywood Hills , pass large , beautiful home ... Edward shift , grind gear ... ext . hollywood hill - night the Ferrari come to a red light and pull up next to a dodge colt . the girl in the colt look at Edward and he car admiringly . Edward feel confident now , revs the engine . the light turn green . Edward immediately stall the Ferrari . the colt leave he in the dust . int . ferrari - night Edward drive . he blink , shake he head as if try to rid himself of he own tired thought . ext . hollywood hill - night the Ferrari come to the intersection of outpost and franklin , stop . Edward get out of the car . he look at the street sign . he have no idea where he be . he sign . he get back in the car and take off on Franklin head East . ext . a side STREET in hollywood - night a crumble old apartment building . Dark alley way , desert parking lot . the Ferrari -- blink and you miss it -- motor past the building , look very out of place on the street . panning up a building facade of light window and metal fire escape . one window in particular . a girl stand there in a short kimono , look down . and then she turn away . int . vivian' apartment - night a series of shot to see she dress . int . vivian' apartment - night vivian turn and stare at herself in a grainy , crack bedroom mirror . she be twenty year old and a prostitute . make - up apply to give she a hard , older look do not quite succeed . she would be innocently beautiful without it . she be wear tiny short , a tight tube top , thigh high boot . she stare at herself , not really like what she see . a moment . she sign , turn off the light and walk out of the bedroom . int . apartment build hallway - night fade , peel wall . thread bare , dirty carpet . vivian lock the apartment door behind she and start down the dim hallway . a door suddenly open , startling she . a unshave , enormously pot belly man in a stain t-shirt stare at vivian with pig eye . landlord vivian . vivian turn some " tough " on he . vivian yeah , what ? landlord Rent . you be late . vivian do not give I that . kit give it to you yesterday , cash . landlord kit give I nothin' . vivian ( suddenly uncertain ) you bullshittin ' I ? landlord of rent I do not bullshit . vivian hurry at a run back down the hallway . landlord by the end of the week or you be otta here . ( a beat ) by the way , you look very nice tonight ! int . vivian' apartment - kitchen vivian pull a coffee can off a shelf . she pull off the top . it 's empty . she toss the can away , start for the door . she open it . int . apartment hallway - night down the hallway , the landlord be stand in front of he open doorway , talk to a fat woman . they both glance up . vivian quickly close the door . she do not want to deal with they . ext . apartment build - night vivian come off the fire escape onto the sidewalk . she hurried away . ext . hollywood blvd . - night vivian walk along , urgently look for something ... someone . a babbling STREET -type go by happily talk to himself . he wear a " I Love Hollywood " t-shirt . vivian pass tourist but do not notice they any more than she pay attention to the vagrant she pass further on , huddle in a doorway . a long -haired kid on a skateboard go by drop off little bag to various STREET -types . a barker -type stand in front of a photo store urging tourist to come in and take a photo with a cardboard cut - out of a movie star . some go in . vivian hurry past a group of rubberneck japanese tourist . a black prostitute in a mini skirt stroll toward she . a car pass . the driver stare at vivian with interest . she ignore he . the black prostitute approach the car . prostitute hey , baby , you lookin ' for a date ? the Driver look she over . the Black prostitute get in the car and it drive away . a group of men , mostly drug dealer , hang out at a all night coffee shop . they whistle and make obscene gesture and sound as vivian hurry by . she ignore they and go next door into a falafel stand . half a dozen people sit at dirty table inside . int . falafel stand - night behind the counter be a man and a woman , vietnamese cook fry food , try to ignore the unsavory crowd campe in the shop . vivian Chan , you see kit tonight ? cook 1 hi , hi ! no see nothing . vivian you do , tell she I be look for she . cook 2 look good , bay -bee . vivian yeah , you too , d'nai . if kit come in here , tell she stay . both of they nod and smile at vivian . vivian exit . ext . hollywood blvd . - night skateboard zip by a group . we see a police car park at the entrance to a alcove . also , a ambulance . the bubblegum light be go . a crowd have gather . the happy man with the " I Love Hollywood " t-shirt and a police officer be engage in tense conversation . cop they just pull she out of a dumpster in the back . now talk to I . man I tell you , man , I do not know who she hang with . cop she have a pimp ? man Cocaine she pimp , man . she a strawberry . she be out on this street , day in , day out , tradin ' she sorry ass for crack . and now she dead from it . vivian rush up to join the outskirt of the crowd as the body of a young girl be pull out of a open dumpster and carry towards the wait ambulance . for a moment vivian think it 's ... no , vivian turn grimly away . vivian survey the dark street . and suddenly see who 's she 's look for . walk . ext . hollywood blvd . - wig shop - night we see a young , tough - look man and woman try on wig . the storekeeper be a man wear a dress and wild wig . the girl , kit , be around 18 , be dark haire and thin . the young man , carlo , have he arm sloppily drape across kit 's shoulder . they giggle about something , both obviously high . kit look up , bleary - eye . she stop . vivian be stand in front of she . vivian you spend it on drug , do not you ? kit hi , viv. carlos , you know my roommate , viv. carlo lookin ' good , baby . vivian ( ignore he ) do you blow it all , kit ? be it all go ? kit carlos have some great rock . vivian I bet. ( beat ) that be we rent ! carlos attempt to put a arm around vivian 's shoulder . carlo calm down , chica . vivian throw he off . carlo ey ! what be it you want ' , baby ? I can fix you up . vivian beat it , scum bucket ! carlo you kiss you mother with that mouth ? you frien ' still owe I 200 . vivian ( to kit ) let 's go . skateboard appear suddenly , block vivian and kit 's path . vivian get out of my face or I will have that cop on you ass in two second . carlos glare at she . he look down toward the light of the cop car . one of the policemen look towards they , curiously . vivian wave at the cop . carlo ( threaten to vivian ) do not take no date tonight , chica , you get one with I . vivian grab kit by the arm and pull she across the boulevard . int . falafel stand - night vivian and kit sit at a table sip tea . vivian be still mad at she . vivian we work for that money . we be gonna put together enough to get out of that dump we live in , get off this street . kit viv ... do not be stupid . we be whore . vivian look like she want to weep . or scream . she do neither . she slowly nod . kit 's sorry she say that . kit ( cont would ) so I blow we stash . we could make it all back with one good night on the street . vivian I just see somebody pull out of a dumpster . I wonder how much she make tonight ? kit do not be mad at I . I will pay you back . I promise . vivian I think you be give up that drug shit . kit I will . I be try . ( a beat ) meanwhile I get some crack leave , you wanna get high ? vivian no , let 's go to work . okay ? kit okay . ( then touch she hand ) I be sorry I say you dream be stupid . ext . hollywood blvd . - night Edward 's Ferrari turn onto Hollywood Blvd. , finally out of the Hollywood Hills . ext . hollywood blvd . - night vivian and kit be out try to hustle John 's in pass car . vivian strike a sexy pose at the bus stop . kit be talk to another prostitute , rachel . kit no no , honey . you see this star on the sidewalk . I and vivian work from Don ameche all the way up to Roy Rogers . this be we office . we get seniority . get off we corner . rachel I be just take a rest here . besides , she 's new. ( point to vivian ) kit but I be old . go rest up by monty Hall or debra paget where you belong . Rachel walk off . vivian ( look at pass car ) look slow tonight . kit maybe we should get a pimp . carlos like you and -- vivian forget it . we work for it . we keep it . they keep hustling . kit I can not handle this tonight . I be go home . vivian ( stare at she ) that crack be burn a hole in you pocket . there be not even milk in the fridge . the rent 's due . now come on -- ext . hollywood blvd . - angle on ferrari - night kit ( o.s. ) ( suddenly ) hey , hey -- there 's a rent . ext . hollywood blvd . - back to scene - night vivian he 's not gonna want we . the Ferrari go by and stop . edward ( call out to vivian ) Excuse I . kit ( excited ) do not take less than a hundred . you look hot tonight . and remember , do not mouth off . they do not like that . vivian okay . go home . but take it easy on that shit . kit give vivian a quick hug . kit you be the great . I will wait up for you . and then kit be off , move quickly away . vivian turn . she stare at the Ferrari , loathing it and all it represent . and then it 's as if vivian turn a switch . she fluff she mane of hair , throw she shoulder back , thrust she breast out and sashays towards the car , a sexy , friendly smile on she face . in the driver 's seat of the Ferrari , Edward be look furious and distract . vivian lean over the passenger window . vivian hey sugar , you lookin ' for a date ? edward what 's that ? vivian you look ' for some company ? edward uh , no . how do I get to beverly Hills ? vivian what ? ( drop the come on ) you gonna tell I you be lose ? edward yes . vivian great . what do I look like a tourguide ? Edward take a good look at she . edward ( a beat ) no , you look like a hooker . vivian actually , I be a movie star out for a walk . edward good . can you tell I how to get to beverly Hills ? vivian sure . for five buck . edward that 's ridiculous . vivian the price just go up to ten . edward why do not you just do it out of the kindness of you heart ? vivian ( sweetly ) sit ... and spin . edward sit-and-spin. ( amused ) alright ... why not ? he pull out he money clip . vivian suddenly freeze . on the sidewalk up ahead , carlos and skateboard . carlos flash a evil , menace grin . he motion to skateboard , they start forward . edward ( hold up a bill ) you have change for a twenty . vivian pull open the door of the car and jump in . vivian for twenty , Ill show you personal . drive . Edward stare at she . she smile sweetly . vivian ( cont would ) make a " U -ee " . beverly Hills be the other way . the Ferrari pull away , pass carlos on the sidewalk . int . ferrari - moving - night vivian Nice car . your ? edward ( as he grind the gear ; wince ) no . vivian stolen ? edward not exactly . he smile . vivian smile back . vivian mind if I turn on some heat ? edward if you can figure it out , be my guest . vivian reach out , turn on the heat . edward very good . you be obviously mechanical . vivian ( laugh ) you be not from L.A. , huh ? edward New York . vivian what motel you stay at ? edward Hotel . vivian okay , what hotel ? edward Regent beverly wilshire . I bet you know it . vivian ( annoyed at he tone ) yeah , I peed in the fountain there once . give I a break . Edward glance over , amused . it hit he that she really be a attractive girl . edward what 's you name ? vivian what do you want it to be ? ( a beat ) vivian , my name 's vivian . edward you like be a hooker , vivian ? vivian it pay . edward so do day job . vivian ( sarcastic ) Day job , yeah . I have try they . ( a beat ) turn right . ext . santa monica blvd . - night the Ferrari glide along a seedy , West Hollywood section of Santa monica . int . ferrari - moving - night edward must be dangerous . hook . vivian tell I about it . L.A. be suffer from a wacko epidemic . and who know where half the guy I pick up have be . I mean , I use condom . always . and I get check out once a month at the free clinic . not only be I better in the sack than a amateur , I be probably safer . edward very good . you ought to have that print up on you business card . vivian ( a moment ) if you be make fun of I , I do not like it . edward sorry . if I do , I do not mean to . vivian unconsciously bite she fingernails . edward Ugly habit , bite you nail . vivian you do not know habit , you think this be ugly . but she put she hand in she lap . she look out the window . she 's safe from carlos . vivian okay , pull over . let I out . I have get to get back to work . Edward pull the Ferrari to the curb and stop . vivian ( cont would ) stay on this street and you will hit beverly Hills . edward what do you charge for company , vivian ? vivian company would cost you ... a hundred dollar . edward for the whole night ? vivian for a hour . edward you be joke . vivian I never joke about money . edward neither do i. ( a moment ; amused ) a hundred buck a hour though . that 's pretty stiff . she reach across the seat . her hand go in he lap . vivian no , but it 's get there . edward vivian , how much to put up with I for the entire night ? vivian you could not afford it . vivian start to get out of the car . edward try I . a moment . vivian 's sexy smile come on . vivian Three hundred . edward Fine . vivian what 's you name , lover . edward Edward . my name be Edward . vivian Edward ... you get it ! Edward get out of the car . vivian look at he confuse . edward get in . this side . vivian what ? edward you know how to drive a stick ? vivian move around the car . vivian better believe it . edward then let 's go . it 's worth 300 just so I do not have to drive . they get in the car . int . ferrari - night she start the car , revs it . vivian here we go Edward . ext . hollywood blvd . - night the Ferrari peel out , fishtail madly and scream up the street . ext . regent beverly wilshire HOTEL - night thousands of tiny white light sparkle along the wall of the Regent beverly wilshire Hotel . Bright flag be illuminate by carefully place spotlight . the Ferrari scream into the driveway and come to a jarring stop by the front door . int . ferrari - night Edward take a moment to get he breath . he gesture toward the back . edward my raincoat 's in the back . put it on . vivian why ? edward you may feel more comfortable . this be not the kind of place that rent room by the hour . vivian you mean they do not have hooker . edward every place have hooker , but if this hotel have hooker , they do not look like they be ... vivian off the boulevard . edward exactly . int . regent beverly wilshire HOTEL lobby - night as they walk in , vivian be tie the trenchcoat . vivian great . now I take like a hooker in a trenchcoat . she look up . she stop in she track . the lobby be bright and spacious , fill with thick carve wood panele . even at this hour there be a great deal of activity . men in business suit and women in fur and jewel be pass by . vivian 's face quickly conceal the sudden awe she feel at the sight of all this luxury . vivian matter of factly reach out and take Edward 's arm . vivian so let 's go . Edward guide they across the lobby . they reach the elevator and go inside . int . HOTEL - elevator - night the young elevator operator be dress in a clean red uniform that seem just a bit too tight . as the elevator door close he nod toward Edward . operator even , sir . edward good evening . penthouse . vivian penthouse . my , my . she see the operator glance at she . vivian the penthouse . and step on it . int . HOTEL - hallway - night Edward and vivian come out of the elevator into a hallway lead to a single doorway with two heavy wood door . Edward pull out he key and unlock the door . with a gentle push the door slide open in unison . Edward gesture to vivian to go inside . she do . Edward close the door behind she . int . HOTEL - penthouse - night as vivian step into the room she have the sensation of fall off the top of the building . in front of she be a sink live room with massive window revealing the sparkling light of the city below . for the first time , she be speechless . Edward close the door and walk past she down the step to the live room . Edward pick up a phone . vivian check out the room . edward ( into the phone ) room service . ( to vivian ) what do you drink ? vivian diet coke . edward ( into the phone ) send up a bottle of Crystal champagne . vivian can I have some chip ? edward ( into the phone ) -- and a bowl of strawberry . thank you . vivian make she way down the step to the live room . she stare at the view . edward ( to vivian ) impress ? vivian be impressed but she 's not go to admit it . vivian you kid ? I come here all the time . as a matter of fact they do rent this room by the hour . Edward smile . he sit down in a comfortable chair and lean back . vivian look at he . vivian ( cont would ) well , now that you have I for the night , what be you go to do with I ? edward want to know something ? I do not quite know . I have not plan this . vivian do you plan everything ? edward ( a small smile ) always . vivian well , the meter 's run , it 's you money . speak of which , cash will do . in advance . edward Fair enough . he rise . take out he wallet . stand over she , he drop three crisp , new hundred dollar bill in vivian 's lap . she pick up the bill , stare at they , try not to be impressed . she put the money in she jacket . she realize Edward be stand over she as if wait . she lean forward , reach out to unzip he pants . he abruptly turn away . edward let 's talk some more first . vivian right. ( brightly ) so ! in town on business ? edward ( take off he jacket ) uh-huh . vivian let I guess , you be a ... lawyer . edward ( loosen he tie ) and why do you say that ? vivian ( a small smile ) I dunno ... you have that sharp , useless look . Edward almost smile . he sit across from she again . edward sound like you have know a lot of lawyer . vivian I have know a lot of everybody . a chime go off to indicate there 's someone at the door . edward Champagne . he start to sit up . vivian motion for he to stay put . vivian hey . I might as well make myself useful . Edward sit back down . vivian waltze up the step and open the front door . a waiter come into the room with a silver cart ; on it be a bucket of champagne and a cover bowl . waiter where would you like it ? vivian where would we like it ? edward where would we like it ? here will be fine . the waiter carry it down the step and set it in the middle of the live room . he turn and head back up the stair and pause near vivian , stare . vivian stare back at he . vivian what be you look at ? the waiter glance away uncomfortably and exit . vivian close the door behind he . vivian march back down the stair . edward I think he want you to tip he . vivian tsk . Excuse I , I do not think he have change for a hundred . Edward cross to the silver stand . vivian watch with interest as he twirl the champagne bottle in the ice bucket . vivian ( cont would ) you have a wife ? girlfriend ? edward I have both . Edward lift the bottle out . he deftly pop the cork on the bottle without lose a drop of champagne . vivian where be they ? Shopping together ? edward they should be . they be both good at it . Edward pour the champagne into a single long stem glass and hand one to vivian . edward ( cont would ) my ex - wife life in London in what use to be my home . my girlfriend be in New York move out of my apartment even as we speak . cheer . he drink , nod approvingly . edward it 's a very good year . vivian oooh , thank god . Edward laugh softly . she sip it . to she surprise , really like it . Edward lift a lid on a silver bowl to reveal a dozen enormous strawberry . edward try a strawberry . vivian why ? edward because they bring out the flavor of the champagne . vivian Jesus , you act like you be seduce some Valley girl you pick up in a dance club . edward vivian ... the meter 's run ... cooperate . a moment . she slowly eat a strawberry . the juice of it stain she lip . her eye be like smoke as she take a sensuous sip of champagne , lick away the stain of the strawberry . his eye have not leave she . edward ( softly ) you really be a very beautiful girl . vivian ( husky-voice ) just a romantic , that 's you . edward yes ... her mouth be so wet and invite ... he lean closer ... vivian I too . he 's about to kiss she ... vivian ( cont would ) not on the lip . he freeze . she pull he head down to she breast . int . penthouse bedroom - night Edward and vivian on the bed . he be on he back , he shoulder and head rest against the headboard . she be astride he , hand rest on he chest , rock ... in control , confident ... very much like the fire she 's kindle in he eye . int . penthouse bedroom - close angle on there face - night edward ( touch she breast ) what do you like ? vivian if I want you to turn I on I will pay you three hundred . just lay back and let I drive . smiling , vivian reach behind she , touch he . he try not to groan . she 's move faster now . Edward suddenly pull she violently to he , he roll she over ... int . penthouse bathroom - shower - night a heavy spray of water come down upon Edward . he stand there quietly let it wash over he . he turn off the shower , step out of the stall , pick up a towel and dry himself . int . penthouse bedroom - night Edward stare . his expensive clothes be on the floor , haphazardly drop everywhere . vivian 's clothes , as tatter as they be , be neatly fold and pile on a chair . the incongruity of it touch Edward in a sad way . he look toward the bed . vivian be fast asleep . her heavy makeup have long since be rubbed off . asleep , she wary , smart - ass attitude be go . she look like a sweet , gentle girl . he stare at she a moment longer . he turn , go into the live room . vivian open she eye . through the open door she see Edward sit in a live room chair . he be read contract . ext . regent beverly wilshire HOTEL - morning the sun be come up as HOTEL employee hose down the sidewalk in front of the hotel . int . HOTEL lobby - morning a woman employee be vacuume the lobby . she see something and pause . she pull a dead leaf from one of the pot plant . int . HOTEL hallway - morning the elevator door open and a waiter roll a cart out into the hallway . he take it to the door of the penthouse . he ring the bell . edward ( o.s. ) it 's open . int . penthouse live room - morning the waiter wheel in a table of food , coffee , champagne and orange juice . Edward dress in suit pants , white shirt and suspender , stand in the live room talk into a cordless phone . Edward point the waiter to the dining table . edward ( into the phone ) sorry . go ahead . int . stuckey' house - morning - intercut William stuckey be behind he desk . stuckey kross know we be after he company . he want to talk with you . I do not think you should . int . penthouse live room - morning the waiter return . Edward sign the bill . the waiter exit . edward I want to . stuckey Edward , if the three of we sit down together we might as well announce we plan in the Wall Street Journal . edward I will see he alone . everyone know you be my muscle . we will make it social . tell kross I will meet he for dinner . tonight if you can arrange it . stuckey you should not go alone . he might claim that you try to black mail he . edward Bill , we be businessman , not the damn mafia . I will see you in the office . by the way , about you car ... stuckey oh , god , what ? edward ( smile ) I will bring it back . Edward hang up . he pour a glass of orange juice and take a sip , think . something make he turn . vivian , wear a monogramm hotel terry robe , be stand uncertainly in the bedroom doorway . edward good morning . vivian you do not wake I . I will be out of here in a minute . edward no hurry . would you like some breakfast ? she 's hungry and the breakfast look great . vivian only if you do . Edward sit . wait . vivian sit across from he . Edward serve they breakfast . edward do you sleep well ? vivian yeah . too good . I forget where I be . edward occupational hazard ? she look at he sharply , see that he mean no offense , relax . vivian where would you go ? edward I take the couch . I have some work to do . ( hesitate ) about last night ... vivian oooh , baby , you be the best . I be beside myself . edward mmm , I could tell . vivian I just hope it be worth three hundred buck . edward I would say you give a good dollar value . they share a small smile . they eat . edward do you ever ... enjoy it ? vivian I like guy if that 's what you be ask . not that I trust be . edward no ? why 's that ? vivian " occupational hazard " . a moment . Edward chuckle . vivian grin . vivian ( cont would ) what do you do anyway ? edward I buy company . vivian no shit . they expensive ? he almost smile . she almost smile back . edward the one I be buy this week will cost around 150 million . vivian ... dollar ? he nod . this time vivian be impressed . vivian ( cont would ) you be major league , baby . you mother must be very proud . Edward be oddly pleased at she reaction . int . penthouse bedroom - day the closet door be open . Edward reach for a tie . in the closet be about a dozen expensive look suit , shirt , shoe , etc . she follow he in . vivian so what a ya do with the company once you buy be ? edward ( fumble with the tie ) I sell they . vivian what ? why ? she undoe he knot and start over . vivian ( cont would ) at ease , let I do that . part of the all night service . edward by break up a company 's asset -- vivian what be asset ? edward vivian -- vivian c'mon , I might buy a company some day . edward asset be anything of value a company own . sometimes the piece be worth more than the whole . by sell they off , I make a profit . vivian sorta like steal car and sell be for part , huh ? edward not ... quite . vivian there , see ? now the emblem be right in the middle of the knot . edward where would you learn to do this ? vivian ( sarcastic ) I fuck the debate team in high school . tsk . I have a grampa . he like tie on Sunday . you mind if I take a swim in you bathtub before I hit it ? edward do not drow . vivian turn and head toward the bathroom . he follow she into the bathroom . int . penthouse bathroom - day vivian turn on the water in the tub . it fill the tub in a torrential rush . vivian you could hold a pep rally in here ! the phone on the marble bathroom wall suddenly ring . Edward reach for it . edward ( into the phone ) yes . int . stuckey' house - intercut stuckey be walk around he desk . stuckey Edward , it 's I . kross be all set for tonight . int . penthouse bathroom - day vivian stare curiously at the bidet . stuckey listen , I gotta say this again , I do not like you go alone . she turn it on . the water hit she in the face . edward ( stifling a chuckle ) I be a big boy . there be lotion and shampoos and bubblebath on the edge of the tub . vivian regards they like a kid in a candy shop . stuckey let I at least get you a date . keep it social . Edward watch as vivian smell some bubble bath . she smile . her eye ask Edward if it 's okay to ...? he nod . stuckey Edward , do you hear I ? edward I be here . stuckey I know a lot of nice girl . vivian pour the bubblebath into the swirl water . there 's something about the look on she face ... the way she bite she lower lip ... curious , sensual ... edward I have one . Edward hang up the phone as vivian curiously turn on the television . the sound blare . she fumble to turn it down . Edward reach over and turn it off . edward all right . how much for the week ? vivian what ? edward I be in town until Saturday . she look at he like he be not speak English . edward do-you-want-to-stay-here - for-the-week ? it take vivian a moment to respond . vivian it would cost you . edward of course . how much ? vivian five full night ... day too ? Edward nod . vivian hesitates ... it 's get to be enough to really change thing ... she shoot for the moon again . vivian four thousand . edward vivian , may I point out five more night at three hundred a night be only 1,500 . vivian but you want day too . edward all right , two thousand . vivian Three . edward done . vivian Holy shit . and then , quickly get herself back together , she flip on the sexy smile . vivian ( cont would ) sugar , you get it . I will treat you like a prince . anything , anyway you want . edward I be not just talk about sex . vivian look butthead , I will treat you so nice you will never want to let I go , okay ? edward Three thousand for five day . and vivian , I will let you go . int . penthouse bedroom - morning Edward come out into the bedroom . vivian quickly follow . they move through the bedroom into the live room . edward I will be out most of the day . he reach into he pocket for a money clip . he peel off bill . he hand the cash to vivian . edward I want you to go out and buy some decent clothes . vivian 's eye go wide at the amount of money . edward nothing too flashy , not too sexy . Conservative . understand ? int . penthouse entrance way - day they be at the front door . vivian yeah , you want I to dress like you high class girlfriend . you be waste you money though . all I be gonna do be hang around the hotel . as a matter of fact , I may never get out of that bathtub . Edward open the door , he start to exit . he turn back . edward think again . I be take you out to a important dinner with I tonight . the door close in she face . int . outside the penthouse door - day vivian ( o.s. ) ( from inside ) what ? be you crazy ? Edward smile to himself . edward probably . int . penthouse bathroom - day vivian be stretch out in the hot bubble bath . the tv be on . she click the remote control in she hand . vivian Three thousand ... she lie back into the soapy water and disappear . she suddenly pop back up , laugh . vivian Three thousand ! a think occur to she . she reach for the cordless phone . she dial . she wait . she be about to disconnect when the phone be answer . kit ( o.s. ) ' lo. vivian kit ! where have you be ? kit ( o.s. ) I be asleep . you wake I . you okay ? vivian kit , listen , the guy last night , the one in the Ferrari , I be at this hotel , the Regent beverly wilshire , it 's this absolutely unbelievable place and he 's hire I for a whole week and kit , listen , he 's pay I three thousand buck ! we can get out of the apartment . we can get out of this town . we can do anything ! ( silence ) kit ? hey , you there ? kit ( o.s. ) why would he want you ? that hurt . perhaps because vivian 's be wonder the same thing . vivian he ... he just do . kit ( o.s. ) I be sorry , viv ' . carlos have be on my back . ( a beat ) do you get the money up front like I teach ya ' ? vivian Three hundred for last night and he give I extra to buy some clothes . now listen , I be gonna leave a envelope for you at the front desk . give I two hundred to the scum bucket and the other hundred to that asshole landlord for part of the rent . spend it on drug and I will pull you hair out . kit I be get dress now . I will be over . bye . vivian hey kit , where do I go for the clothes ? good stuff on he . kit ( o.s. ) ( brighten ) in beverly Hills ? vivian yeah . kit ( o.s. ) baby ! rodeo drive . int . HOTEL lobby - day vivian come out of the elevator and cross the lobby . she be back in she hooker clothes . she leave a envelope at the front desk . mr. thomas , the prim , middle - age hotel manager , step out from he office . he stare in surprise and displeasure as he see vivian exit out the front door . vivian do not notice the odd stare she get from two well - dress middle - aged women who be just enter . ext . rodeo drive - day vivian be look wide - eye and delighted and yes , more than a bit overwhelm . she pass store window ... and more store window ... and still more store window . each display be more beautiful and expensive than the one before . vivian be also aware that she be get odd look . from passerby be . two beautiful dress girl she own age look at she , turn away and giggle . the uniform guard that stand at attention in front of many of the store , stare at she suspiciously . feeling more and more uncomfortable , vivian come to a posh woman 's boutique . she hesitates for a moment . she enter . int . boutique - day vivian be no sooner in the door than she be subject to the disapprove stare of a saleswoman stand behind the counter . saleswoman ( cooly ) May I help you ? vivian I be just look , thanks . vivian tiptoe through the shop as if it be fill with delicate glass object . she cautiously examine a dress . the saleswoman quickly come around the counter and approach she . saleswoman be you look for something in particular ? vivian yes. something ... conservative . saleswoman yes ... vivian eye the saleswoman , puzzle at she tone . she examine a dress . vivian you have beautiful thing . ( no reply ) how much be this ? saleswoman I do not think it would fit you . vivian ( beginning to get the drift ) I do not ask if it would fit . I ask how much it be . saleswoman it 's very expensive . vivian 's body tense as she stare at the saleswoman . vivian what be with you ? saleswoman ( unblink ) Excuse I ? vivian I be go to spend money . saleswoman I do not think we have anything for you here . you be obviously in the wrong place . vivian be speechless . she turn and stomp toward the door . she stop and spin around stare at the saleswoman . vivian flip she off . she throw the door open and storm outside . the saleswoman calmly stroll back to she counter and return to she place . ext . rodeo drive - day vivian come out onto the street and stand , lose . she take a deep breath , try to control herself . two women , in elegant designer outfit , stroll by , eyeing vivian as if she be a freak . vivian suddenly feel naked . she turn and hurry away . int . HOTEL lobby - day vivian enter the lobby , upset , nervous and paranoid . she feel a emptiness in she stomach at the sight of all the luxury around she . she hurry toward the elevator . at the front desk , Mr. Thomas , once again spot she . he cross the lobby and deftly cut she off from the elevator . mr. thomas May I help you miss ? vivian stop , practically shaking with terror . vivian I be just go to my room . mr. thomas you be a guest here ? vivian I be -- I be with a friend . mr. thomas and who be that ? vivian I ... Edward ... vivian 's face be fill with confusion . she do not know he name . the elevator door open behind they . she spot the Operator . vivian ( blurt it out ) he know I . Mr. Thomas turn and eye the Operator curiously . the Operator look back at they innocently . with a smooth gesture Mr. Thomas wave the Operator over . mr. thomas do you know this young lady ? the Operator nod . operator she 's with Mr. Harris . mr. thomas ( surprised ) Mr. Harris ? operator she apparently join he last night . Mr. Thomas wave the Operator away . mr. thomas why do not you come with I . we will chat for just a moment . he take vivian gently but firmly by the arm and lead she off . int . HOTEL office - day in a richly furnish office , Mr. Thomas place vivian in a comfortable chair and then lean against the edge of he desk . mr. thomas what 's you name ? vivian vivian . mr. thomas miss vivian ... thing that go on in other hotel do not happen at the Regent beverly wilshire . vivian say nothing . mr. thomas ( cont would ) Mr. Harris , however , be a very special customer . and we like to think of we special customer as friend . as a customer , we would expect Mr. Harris to sign in any additional guest . but as a friend , we be willing to overlook it , I be assume you be a ... relative ? vivian find herself nodd . mr. thomas ( cont would ) I think so . you must be he ...? vivian niece ? mr. thomas of course . naturally when Mr. Harris leave , I will not see you in this hotel again . vivian bite she lower lip , nod . mr. thomas ( cont would ) good . we understand one another . ( as a gentle afterthought : ) I would also encourage you to dress in a more appropriate manner . vivian 's face screw up as she try hard not to cry . vivian that 's what I be try to do . she can not help it , the tear come . vivian pull out the money Edward give she . she drop it on the desk . it 's a moist - look wad now . vivian ( cont would ) I be try to get some other clothes ... but ... they would not ... they make I feel like shit ... she can not go on . Mr. Thomas politely glance at the money . he unfold it , smoothes it and hand it back to she . he sigh . he pick up the phone . he dial . mr. thomas ( into the phone ) woman 's clothing . ( beat ) Bridget , please . vivian be stare at he . mr. thomas ( cont would ) Bridget , hello , this be barnard Thomas over at the Regent beverly wilshire . well , thank you , that 's flatter . I would like to ask a favor of you . I be go to send someone over . her name be vivian . she 's a guest of ours . a very special guest . he glance at vivian . with that simple word , he would make she feel better . mr. thomas ( cont would ) she 's from out of town and she need a little help in dress . perhaps you could help she out . thank you very much . she will be right over . he set the phone down and smile patronizingly at vivian . mr. thomas ( cont would ) there you be . if you have any other problem , come ask for I personally . I be Mr. Thomas . vivian barney . she smile mischievously . ext . fort of los angele - day a sleek corporate helicopter fly over the port . ext . build rooftop - day Edward , vance , stuckey and Jake walk toward the building 's edge . they look out over the empty shipyard as vance describe it . vance okay ... this be the jewel in kross 's crown . we can strip out all the heavy equipment . some of the crane be very valuable overseas . the japanese be salivate for they . stuckey Prime industrial property straddle the Port of Long Beach and Los Angeles . it give I a hard - on . Edward point toward one of the edge of the shipyard . edward what 's that long building over there ? jake storage , I think . edward not with that smokestack it 's not . vance let I check . vance pull out a notebook . jake the real estate possibility be endless . most of the yard we will just level . I talk to a couple of developer , under the table , of course , and they say -- edward you what ? jake I talk to some developer about the land . stuckey what kind of a idiot be you ? you do not talk about this to anyone . jake they be close friend , they would never breathe a word -- stuckey ( to vance ) where do you dig this moron up ? vance he 's right , Jake , that be a incredibly stupid thing to do . it will not happen again , Edward . I will pull he off the project immediately . edward do not bother . stuckey what !? edward we do not have the time to bring someone new up to speed . besides ... ( not unkindly , to Jake ) you have already impressed everyone you need to , have not you ? jake it will not happen again , Mr. Harris . vance have find what he be look for in he notebook . vance this be interesting . that building be storage now , but it use to be a smelting plant . they close it down after World War ii . edward I want we lawyer to check into the toxic waste licence on they right away . I want to know if the permit be still valid and what kind of limit be on they . stuckey Jesus , yes . it 's a long shot but if the permit be still in effect , they be worth a fortune . he turn away . the other follow Edward back toward the stair . edward what time 's diner tonight ? stuckey eight o'clock . kross be bring he son . very bright kid , watch yourself with he . who 's this girl you be take ? edward no one you know . int . sak - second floor - day the elevator open and vivian walk out and survey the room nervously . she walk toward the woman 's clothing section . BRIDGET , a large friendly woman , spot she and quickly approach . BRIDGET you must be vivian . vivian nod . BRIDGET ( cont would ) let 's look at you ... she step back , regards vivian with a professional eye . BRIDGET ( cont would ) where be you from , dear ? vivian ( pause ) Georgia . BRIDGET no wonder . for start , you should know that hot pants be horrid , even when you do have the leg to carry they off . what be you plan while you be in town ? vivian well ... I might be go out to dinner . BRIDGET you will want a cocktail dress then . turn . you have a beautiful figure . a little too out in the open but simply lovely . size six ? do you need shoe ? vivian I dunno . do thigh high , leather boot go with a cocktail dress ? BRIDGET ( call out ) Philip ! we will need shoe ! Bridget lead vivian towards the rack of clothes . she pull out a dress . BRIDGET you uncle will like this . vivian he 's not really my uncle . BRIDGET they never be , dear . int . HOTEL lobby - late afternoon Mr. Thomas be behind the desk . he look up . vivian be stand there , a happy look on she face . she hold up a garment bag . vivian I get a dress . mr. thomas ( dryly ) I rather hope you would be wear it . vivian I do not want to get it mess . I get shoe too . wanna see ? mr. thomas that 's all right . I be sure they be quite lovely . vivian they be real nice to I there . they treat I , y'know ... nice . thanks , barney . Mr. Thomas try not to wince at the familiarity . mr. thomas you be very welcome , miss vivian . she smile at he . he watch as vivian turn and walk toward the elevator . the provocative way she hip move just naturally attract the attention of a male passerby . and the white glove elevator man literally leap to press the elevator button for vivian who reward he with a happy smile . Mr. Thomas sigh . int . penthouse - late afternoon the phone be ringing vivian enter . she hurry to pick it up . vivian hello ? the phone keep ringing -- it have more than one line . vivian frantically punch button . vivian ( cont would ) hello ? what ? hello ? int . stuckey' office - late afternoon - intercut Edward be in a private office . edward never answer the phone . ever . vivian tsk , believe I , this will be the last time . edward do you buy some clothes ? vivian I get a dress , yeah . edward just one ? Christ ... I hope it 's appropriate . vivian it 's very tasteful . I think you will especially like the zipper in the crotch . ( silence ) I be -- joke . edward let 's hope so . you will get some more clothes tomorrow . I will be push for time so meet I in the hotel lobby at seven forty - five sharp . get it ? vivian no , I do not " get it " . even the farmboy back in Georgia come to the door when they be take you on a date . edward this be not a date . vivian go by yourself then . where you take I anyway ? edward the rex . vivian any good ? edward I think you will approve . vivian ... all right . I will meet you in the lobby . but only cause you be pay I to . edward thank you very much . vivian slowly set the phone down . the phone ring again . vivian , very carefully , punch the flash button and pick it up . vivian hello ? edward I think I tell you not to answer the phone . vivian oooh ! Edward hang up . he smile to himself . vivian bite she fingernails , look nervous . the doorbell ring . vivian look up , startle . she rise , move to answer it . it 's the Spanish maid . she nod politely at vivian . maid housekeep . I come to turn down the bed . 5:00 , I turn down the bed . vivian what ? the maid point to she hotel badge , try to explain . maid housekeep . I come to turn down the bed . vivian okay . the maid enter . vivian be there a trick to it ? int . penthouse bedroom - late afternoon the maid turn down the bedspread . vivian be that all ? you just fold back the bedspread ? maid I also place las chocolate on the pillow . vivian oooh , I love that . maid I leave extras , miss . vivian thanks ! consuelo , be all rich people so lazy they can not do this on they own ? consuelo shrug . int . HOTEL lobby - late afternoon Mr. Thomas be still behind the desk , work when a soft voice startles he . vivian barney . he look up . he sigh . vivian still have not change . mr. thomas what be it , miss vivian ? vivian Edward be take I to some fancy place for dinner . the rex . ever be there ? mr. thomas it 's a bit beyond my ... range , shall we say . vivian yeah , mine too . be it like , y'know , normal ? mr. thomas I think you will find it normal enough . vivian will I like it ? mr. thomas you will like it fine . vivian okay . thanks , barney . you be the best . she turn away . mr. thomas just mind which fork you use . vivian turn abruptly back , a horrify look on she face . vivian fork ? int . HOTEL dine room - late afternoon close angle - placesetting a elegant formal placesett complete with a myriad of different size fork , spoon , stack china plate and crystal glassware . angle on mr. thomas and vivian sit across from one another at a fully set table . mr. thomas in fifteen minute I can teach you everything you need to know to dine with the Queen . first , as you pick up the knife you shift you fork to the leave hand . vivian but I always eat like this . mr. thomas either you be european or badly bring up . vivian hmmm ... I vonder vich . ( giggle ) mr. thomas actually , some of the richest people I know have the worst manners . of course , Mr. Harris , be of old money , know he way around a table . all right now , pay attention please . salad fork . vivian what if they serve soup ? mr. thomas they will serve salad . vivian but what if they serve soup ? mr. thomas then you use you soup spoon . vivian ( smile ) I like steak . mr. thomas ( pick up the appropriate utensil ) then you would use you -- vivian Steak spoon ! ( laugh ) Mr. Thomas swallow he exasperation . we pull back from they table to reveal the cavernous , empty banquet room , each table be set and ready for the dinner service . mr. thomas miss vivian -- vivian maybe I will just order a burger , barney , that way I can eat with my hand . mr. thomas miss vivian ... there 's a salon here in the hotel . instead of worry unnecessarily about table manners , why do not you just have you hair do instead ? vivian professionally ? int . salon - late afternoon vivian sit in a salon chair . the last customer , thane , a young man of about twenty with he long hair pull back in a pony tail , tilt she head one way and then another , eyeing she professionally . vivian I have a friend who have a friend who do cher 's wig . thane I hate he already . ( a beat ) all set ? vivian yeah ... what a ya say we chop it all off and bleach the tip . thane darling ? trust I . int . HOTEL lobby - evening Edward enter and look around the lobby . no vivian . annoy . Edward cross to a house phone and pick it up . he 's about to dial when : mr. thomas good evening , Mr. Harris . Edward look at he blankly . mr. thomas barnard Thomas , manager of the hotel . edward of course , yes . if you will excuse I just a moment -- mr. thomas I have a message for you from you " niece " , sir . edward my what ? mr. thomas the young lady stay in you room ? Edward 's eye narrow . he hang up the phone . edward I think we both know she 's not my niece . Mr. Thomas look uncomfortable . edward ( cont would ) do this hotel have any problem with that ? mr. thomas Mr. Harris , a guest of yours , be a guest of ours and shall be treat accordingly . the young lady ask I to tell you that she be wait for you in the lounge . edward thank you . he start towards the lounge . mr. thomas very intrigue young woman , miss vivian . his tone stop Edward in he track . mr. thomas ( cont would ) have a good evening , sir . and off he go , leave Edward to wonder what the hell transpire during the afternoon . int . HOTEL lounge - night Edward enter the lounge . he look around , not see vivian . and suddenly he eye go back to ... the beautiful girl with the beautifully style hair in the beautiful black cocktail dress at the piano bar . Edward try to hide he surprise as vivian rise , move elegantly towards he . she smile . vivian you be late . such a beautiful woman deserve a apology and so , without think : edward I be sorry . vivian you be forgiven . she wait expectantly . he hold out a arm . she take it . int . rex restaurant - night vivian come out of the lady room . she walk forward past the maitre 'd be station . she stop . she take a breath ... and then walk forward . int . rex - another angle - looking down vivian move down a marble starircase , through the elegant restaurant toward a far table . her beauty and natural grace draw approve stare . she be like a queen move through a ballroom . at a secluded table , Edward sit in conversation with two man . jame kross , in he early 70' , a bulky self - make millionaire industrialist . sitting next to he be he son and second in command , david kross , a handsome man in he early thirty . all of they rise as vivian come to the table . David kross hold out vivian 's chair for she . surprise , she nod she thanks . in front of she be a enormous placesett . she smile down at the utensil , fill with confidence . waiter have place a delicate salad down in front of each of they . vivian proudly reach for she salad fork . but then she see that kross have pick up the fork close to he plate and be digging into he salad with that . vivian look to see what Edward will do . he do not seem interested in eat yet . neither do David kross . feeling a sudden panic , vivian put she fork down . kross so young man , I understand you be try to take over my company . a moment . the abruptness of the question take Edward back for a moment . but then he almost smile . edward please do not patronize I , Mr. kross . we age mean nothing here . kross and David look at each other . david Mr. Harris , we know you have purchase at least twenty percent of we stock . we also know you plan to file a formal bid for a majority share . edward twenty - five percent . kross Mr. Harris , I build kross enterprise myself . I know every man who ever work there by he first name . I know they wife ... and they child . if you intention be to take over my company and turn it into a glorify real estate deal , think again . Edward , thankfully , now reach for he salad fork and begin to eat . relieved , vivian pick up hers . they all eat for a moment . edward what do you suggest , Mr. kross ? waiter approach , some to clear the salad plate , some to put down the next course . vivian , think she 's get to finish , quickly stuff she mouth with the rest of she salad . she be reluctant to let the waiter take she fork . kross what would it take to buy we stock back ? name you price . edward to get I in a mood to sell -- double what I pay . but you company do not have enough capital right now to buy anything . david we be on the verge of close a large navy contract . double be ridiculous but we can assure you a healthy profit on you share . we would give you a promissory note ... edward you be not get any navy contract . vivian can see that both father and son be stunne by this news . david there 's no way you could know that . edward but I do know . I also know you line of credit be over - extend . if I do not buy you company , someone else will ... ( look up ) ah , the escargot . escargot be put down in front of everyone . vivian stare at they dubiously . she pick up what she assume be the next " right " fork . she pick up a snail . the two do not fit . fluster , she do not know what to do . no one else seem to be eat . and now a waiter come and place escargot fork at each place . vivian pick it up with a sigh of relief . vivian ( softly , to the waiter ) scume I , what be this thing ? waiter ( bend to whisper ) escargot , mademoiselle . edward ( lean close to whisper ) snail . vivian stare at they , horrify . she , like James and David kross , no longer seem interested in eat . Edward eat with pleasure . edward Mr. kross , I be not here to sell you my stock . on the contrary , I be here to buy yours . kross ( angry ) you have get a lot of nerve . edward no . what I have be a lot of money . kross I know all about you , Mr. Harris . when you buy company , they have a way of disappear . even the pension fund be stripped clean . the last three company you take over be cut up in so many piece , widow be leave without they retirement check . edward ( calmly ) what I do with that company be perfectly legal . kross I do not question the legality of what you do . it 's you morality that make I sick . I will not allow my company to be rape by a man like you . edward ( angry now ) it be not you company . it 's a public company . and I be go to acquire it . either I buy from the other stock holder , or I buy from you . vivian struggle with she escargot . edward ( cont would ) I would suggest that you and you board cooperate with I , rather than fight a battle you do not have the ammunition to win . vivian suddenly zing she snail across the table . everyone look to she . vivian slippery little sucker ... kross rise . kross if you will excuse I young lady , Mr. Harris ... ( turn to David ) deal with this , David , you know where we stand . I need to go someplace and puke . he rise . he exit . david ( to Edward and vivian ) Men like my father build this country . he be no saint . he screw people . but for every guy he step on , he give a hundred a good job . Edward be silent . vivian he seem like a nice man . David look at vivian as if see she for the first time . edward we can reach a understanding on this . david I do not think so . you should know we be go to fight you with every resource we have . edward do what you have to do . I do not take it personally . david I do . I take it all very personally . ( to vivian ) very nice meeting you , vivian . David kross get up and leave . vivian and Edward sit in silence . edward ( a beat ) and that 's the way the game be play . vivian some game . screwin ' some poor slob out of he retirement . Edward say nothing . but vivian can see she 's hit a nerve . vivian snail for dinner . no wonder everybody be in such a bad mood . a waiter appear at the table . waiter be we ready for the next course , sir ? edward no. bring a check , please . int . penthouse live room - night Edward 's face be pensive and thoughtful as he stare out of the glass window down at the city light . he quickly drain he champagne glass . vivian move to stand next to he . she refill he glass from the bottle . edward thank you . he drink . silence . vivian you be upset , huh ? edward upset . no . I never get upset about business . vivian you like the guy , though . edward whether I like he or not be irrelevant . it 's business . there 's no emotion involved in business ... if you want to survive . vivian ( excited ) we be the exactly the same ! kit keep tell I do not get emotional when you turn trick -- that 's why no kissing -- it 's too personal . the key be like you be say , stay numb , do not get involved -- when I be with a guy , I be a robot , I just do it . ( realize what she 's say and quickly recover ) except with you . at you price I give my all ... Edward laugh . vivian ( cont would ) let 's not talk about this heavy stuff . come on , relax . vivian come up behind he . she begin to rub he shoulder . edward that ... be very good . a moment . Edward be silent . turn he , unknot he tie , unbutton he collar . vivian know what we be gonna do in a little while then ? we be gonna call domino 's and have be deliver a bigass pizza . we be gonna eat it in bed . we be gonna veg ' out and watch television . edward Television ? vivian yeah , it 's this box , it have picture , sound . you do not have to use you brain at all . edward I have work to do . vivian uh-uh . no work . smiling , she softly kiss he throat . vivian ( cont would ) see ... what you have not figure out yet ... she kiss he neck . she fumble with he belt . vivian ( cont would ) be that while you be the boss everyplace else ... I be the one in charge here . she kiss he chest . vivian ( cont would ) you ... just think you be . she start to kneel down . he stop she . they stare at one another for a moment . he release she . she smile . she start to undress he . int . penthouse bedroom - morning vivian be asleep . she turn over , slowly waking . her hand go out to touch Edward and encounter nothing but empty bed . vivian come awake with a sudden start . she look around momentarily frighten , not sure where she be . sigh with relief , she lie back down . she see Edward 's american Express card on the pillow next to she . edward ( o.s. ) wake up , vivian . time to shop . Edward come out of the bathroom and move toward the bed . he be tie he tie . vivian sit up and tie it for he . he smile at she . edward I still do not understand why you only buy one dress . vivian I be not as much fun as I think it be go to be . edward why not ? vivian well , you know that cold bitch that work in that store and try to intimidate you ? it work . edward be someone rude to you ? vivian I have a little problem in one store . I be not dress right . I do not know what to say . I do not belong there . maybe I will just go back to Bridget . she be cool . edward vivian , you belong wherever you be . I do not care how you be dress , they be the one who be wrong , not you . Edward sit on the bed . edward ( cont would ) people be not go to respect you unless you respect yourself . ( a beat ) the next time someone be rude to you , you stare at they right here . he softly touch she , right between the eye . edward ( cont would ) it 's a old trick I use , especially with banker . Works every time . will you try it ? vivian ( confidently ) okay . edward good . vivian ( a beat ) come with I ? Edward look at he watch . vivian cover it with she hand . vivian please . int . boutique - day a beautiful , chic woman 's shop . the haughty salesgirl approach vivian near a rack of dress . Edward hover in the b.g . vivian ( nervous ) hello . can you help I ? the salesgirl look vivian up and down . a pause . vivian give she " the stare " and straighten up . we see the salesgirl 's reaction change . vivian ( confidently ) I be look for a dress , nothing too flashy , not too sexy , conservative . in a size six . salesgirl ( uncomfortable under vivian 's stare ) do ... do you have a charge account with we ? vivian smile and draw out Edward 's american Express card . the salesgirl nod and quickly move to a rack of dress to find vivian 's size . int . boutique - day - in a series of cut vivian try on different clothes under Edward and the salesgirl 's supervision . vivian come happily out of the dress room wear a low cut , spangle and fringe outfit . Edward shake he hand . the salesgirl hold a classic tweed ensemble over vivian 's outfit . vivian scowl . vivian ( sighing ) I look like fuck Nancy Reagan . int . boutique - another angle the salesgirl show Edward clothes by Ann Taylor . he turn to find vivian happily hold up a tiny , low cut leather dress . Edward shake he head in mock disapproval . vivian scowl . int . boutique - another angle - later vivian be wear a elegant pastel dress . Edward be stand at the store 's bar , watch and talk on the telephone . int . stuckey' office - day - intercut with edward stuckey and vance be pour over stock report , talk to Edward on the speaker phone . vance kross come out of he corner swinging . he start buy up all available stock as soon as the market open . edward ( almost to himself ) he 's a tough old son of a bitch ... Edward be watch vivian . she pull the hem of she skirt up to mid thigh . she look hopefully over to Edward . Edward shake he head . vance it 's up to ten and a quarter . edward offer nine and a half . bring they back down to earth . stuckey goddamit ! where be he get the money to fight ? edward someone 's loaning it to he . get on it right away . stuckey we contract guy be work on the kross pension fund . there 's another forty million there . we can bleed be dry . there be a sudden hesitation in Edward 's eye . he watch as vivian try on a hat . she preens for he . he smile . edward ( to vance &amp ; stuckey ) put the pension fund on hold until I say otherwise . stuckey ( surprised ) we be let they slide ? edward I want the treatment plant license to be top priority right now . stuckey but , Edward ... edward do it . Edward hang up and take a long look at vivian . she move to he . edward ( look at he watch ) you be on you own now , vivian . I have get to get to work . be sensible and you can keep everything . spend too much and it all go back . vivian hug he again . ext . rodeo drive - day vivian walk along rodeo drive . she look lovely in the pink dress and new , white shoe . a pretty , white hat be the final touch . she carry a bag contain she old clothes . she stop at a trashcan and ceremonially throw the offend item away . int . torie steele boutique - shopping montage we sees vivian in each department within the store with different salespeople . she happily and confidently try on a variety of dress , hat , shoe , accesarry , etc . 1 ) vivian be in a dress stall . she toss a dress out to a wait saleswoman . vivian not I ! 2 ) a saleswoman hold a long , purple evening gown . vivian ( imitate Bridget ) horrid ! 3 ) vivian be admire a pair of beautiful suede dress pump . her attention be draw to the salesmen be exotic hand - paint tie . vivian where would you get you tie ? 4 ) vivian stand in front of a enormous tie rack with the salesman , a dozen wild , swirl design tie be hang over he outstretch arm . vivian pick out the brightest one and smile . ext . rodeo drive - day vivian 's arm be fill with clothing box and bag . she feel like she own the block . a well - dress man pass by , smile politely . vivian 's nose lift as she happily ignore he . suddenly vivian stop . she 's about to pass the shop she be throw out of . vivian take a breath and enter the shop . int . boutique - day vivian enter . the moment she step through the door , vivian 's courage leave she . the saleswoman be wait on a customer . saleswoman ( to the customer ) be not this lovely ? I think it would look wonderful on you . vivian muster she courage . she take a deep breath and start forward . saleswoman ( to she customer ) would you like to try it on ? vivian ' scume I . both the saleswoman and she customer look up . the saleswoman smile pleasantly . saleswoman yes ? vivian do you remember I ? saleswoman no , I be sorry , I do not . vivian I be in here yesterday . vivian slowly raise she middle finger . the recognition start to dawn in the saleswoman 's eye . vivian 's courage begin to return . vivian yeah . that 's right . it 's I . I want you to know something . you make I feel terrible . I be not dress right and you say I do not belong here . well , I do . you be the one that be wrong , not I . and I want to tell you something else . I be never gonna shop here again as long as I live . and with that , vivian turn and walk out . the saleswoman be stunne . a beat . the customer thrust the dress into the saleswoman 's arm as if offended by vivian 's speech and leave the store also . int . HOTEL lobby - day Mr. Thomas look up from the desk . and stare . vivian and a bellhop stroll through the hotel entrance and across the hotel lobby to the elevator . the bellhop 's arm be pack with box and shopping bag . Mr. Thomas can not help it . he smile to himself . int . penthouse live room - day vivian open the front door for the bellhop who carry in she package . she motion for he to place they on the couch . he do . vivian happily tip he with a five dollar bill . he exit . the door close . vivian wheee !!! vivian do a giddy spin and fall onto the couch . int . brokerage house meeting room - day stuckey enter . Edward be stand at the end of a long meeting table . he be serve himself coffee from a tray . stuckey ( gloat ) you be right . kross mortgage everything he have down to he grandson 's college tuition to secure loan from a bank . not just any bank . one we do business with . Edward just sip he coffee . stuckey ( cont would ) it go without say that you business mean a great deal more to they than we friend kross 's . ( a beat ) all you have to do be make a call . Edward be silent . stuckey be again surprised . stuckey Excuse I for say this but what be wrong with you this week ? first , you go soft on the pension fund . now , you be give he the chance to get away ? as of two minute ago , you be commit to the tune of over fifty million dollar -- edward come on , Bill , do not talk to I about how much money 's involved . it 's my money . stuckey and some of it 's mine . Edward , he jugular 's expose . Edward hesitates . then : edward get the bank on the phone for I . int . penthouse - evening Edward enter . he close the door . he turn . and stop . a beautiful , candlelit , food laden table have be set up in the middle of the room . Champagne and wine chill in a bucket . a fire burn in the fireplace . Music be play . vivian ( o.s. ) hi. Edward turn . and stare again . vivian stand in the bedroom doorway . she be wear a exquisite silk dress gown . she look incredibly beautiful . vivian I think maybe you would like dinner . edward thank you . I would . ( he finger she dress gown ) Nice . vivian wait till you see what I have on underneath . edward please . she open the dress gown . what she have on underneath be absolutely nothing . Edward cross to she . take she in he arm , he lift she up and kiss she breast . vivian what about dinner ? edward dinner can wait . int . penthouse bathroom - night the bathroom be light by candle . vivian and Edward be in the marble tub . vivian sit behind Edward . she lazily wash he shoulder and back with a large sponge . vivian you always be rich ? edward no . vivian seem like it . I guess it 's easy to get use to , huh ? edward easier than learn how to be poor . ( a moment ; and then : ) my father 's family be wealthy . when I be young there be car and house , private school , nanny . but then my father divorced my mother to marry another woman . and he take he money with he . silence . vivian keep talkin ' . I like hearin' . edward not much to tell . I go to public school . go to university on scholarship . go to work for a investment firm . in eight year I own it . ( and then ; grow very quiet ) my father be chairman of the board of the third company I ever go after . I swallow that company and shit out the piece . one of the piece be he . vivian softly trace small pattern on Edward 's shoulder with a finger . vivian you still mad at be ? edward he die a long time ago . she gently rest she head on he back . ext . HOTEL room - day panning belly people be sunbathing by the pool . overweight ... lobster red ... old and stretch -mark ... fishy white ... and then gorgeous . the gorgeous be vivian . she be wear a miniscule bikini and sunglass . waiter ( o.s. ) miss vivian ? she look up . a young waiter , look a little dry -mouthed at the sight of she , be hold a telephone . waiter you have a call . Mr. Harris . vivian ( take the phone ) hi , baby . ( a moment ) I will be ready . bye . she hang up . she look at the waiter , confuse . vivian what do you wear to polo ? ext . the los angele equestrian CENTER - late afternoon horse and rider crash and careen on the play field . a enthusiastic crowd cheer . down off the edge of the field a tailgate party use cadillac and roll royce be in progress . horse and rider thunder by a crowd of very well - dress , successful - look people -- celebrity , exec , socialite , aficionado -- most of whom ignore the game . they be there to see and be see much more than to watch a polo match . ext . equestrian CENTER - later afternoon vivian and Edward make they way towards the party . Edward be wear he new tie . vivian be look very chic and beautiful in one of she new outfit . not that it 's help -- the place , the people , the wealth -- everything here suddenly have she overwhelm . she suddenly stop . vivian you be really push it , bring I here . edward I think it 's exciting . vivian what id we run into someone I know ? edward I really doubt anyone here frequent Hollywood boulevard . vivian you do . a voice call out . stuckey ( o.s. ) Edward ! they turn . William stuckey be with a group of people . he wave they over . stuckey ( cont would ) come on ! over here ! Edward take vivian 's arm and lead she forward . ext . equestrian CENTER - late afternoon stuckey grin and shake Edward 's hand . stuckey ( look at vivian ) well , well , well ... vivian dislike this guy on sight . dislike the frosty look woman at he side . edward Bill , I would like you to meet vivian . stuckey ( hold out a hand ; smile ) Bill stuckey , vivian . my wife , Elizabeth . vivian hi . Elizabeth stuckey stretch she thin lip in a cold smile . stuckey lot of fun people here . let I get you two some champagne . he move quickly away . elizabeth stuckey Excuse I . she move to greet someone else . vivian and Edward survey the milling crowd . vivian ( sarcastic ) Real genuine guy . edward he 's good at what he do . vivian you could freeze ice on he wife 's ass . she anything like you ex ? edward ( a small smile ) shall we mingle ? ext . equestrian CENTER - on the field - late afternoon a goal be score . in a series of cut Edward watch and guide she , vivian sip champagne and meet and chat and win over different people . ext . equestrian CENTER - another angle - late afternoon a group of people . woman I simply love you dress , vivian . vivian this old thing ? woman of course , a figure like yours can wear anything . you must work out constantly . vivian I lead a very physical life . older man be you into run , vivian ? vivian I be into walk . I walk a lot . ext . equestrian CENTER - another angle - late afternoon in another group of people . another man you look awfully familiar , vivian . have not we run into one another at the spa in La costa ? vivian well , I do often spa there . ext . equestrian CENTER - another angle - late afternoon Edward and Elizabeth stuckey watch vivian laugh and chat with a group of women . elizabeth stuckey Edward , she 's marvelous . warm and witty and down to earth . edward ( with pleasure ) she be , be not she . elizabeth stuckey so unlike you usual . where on earth do you find she ? Edward smile enigmatically . take a hor d'oeuvre off a pass waiter 's tray , he start forward . ext . equestrian CENTER - another angle - late afternoon a woman we be good together . he have to admit it . I have be just what he want I to be . I say the right thing , I know the right people , I give wonderful party . no question , no argument , no embarrassment . it work for both of we . that make vivian think . and then she smile as she see Edward approach . vivian move to he . vivian Edward , this woman here , I do not think any of be like the guy they be with . they be just into it for the money . edward I be sure that 's true for some of they . vivian I think I be the pro . this woman make I feel like a amateur . edward ( a beat ) ready to stomp sod ? ext . equestrian CENTER - on the field - late afternoon in a series of shot to music the crowd engage in sod stomping . they drink champagne . they make a dance out of it . they laugh . shoe get stick in the mud . it 's ludicrous -- this people in they suit and fancy clothes , replace divot and step over the horse shit . in a corner of the field , graze horse stare , seemingly in disbelief . vivian be have a wonderful time . and then , as she move towards the outside of the crowd she see someone stare at she from over among some of the rider and graze horse . David kross smile at vivian . she hesitates ... and then she cross towards he . ext . equestrian CENTER - another angle - late afternoon david kross hi. vivian hi . I never think stomping in grass could be so much fun . david ( laugh ) I like you hat . vivian huh ? oh ... yeah . s'okay ? ( pleased ; a moment ) uhm ... how're ... business thing go . david let 's not talk about it , it 's too depress . come on , I will show you Thunder . vivian please , we hardly know each other . david Thunder 's a horse . come on . ext . equestrian CENTER - another angle - late afternoon they approach the sweat mount . David kross caress the horse muzzle . david hey , big guy , you get tired , yet ? I be . this be vivian . ( a beat ; and then : ) you two be together long ? you and Edward ? vivian no . david hope to be ? to vivian 's surprise , the question cause a pang inside . vivian it 's ... it 's not like that . david I see . well . maybe that mean you would have lunch with I sometime then . vivian be suddenly silent . she look away . david ( cont would ) I be sorry , be I be too forward ? vivian you do not know anything about I . david I would like to find out . you do not know anything about I either . that 's why people have lunch . but something hold vivian back , a feel . ext . equestrian CENTER - in the crowd - late afternoon William stuckey turn ... stop ... stare . he see vivian and David kross stand together . he stare , he mind racing , and anxious , angry look on he face . ext . equestrian CENTER - late afternoon stuckey have Edward off to the side . he be talk to he in a low , earnest voice . stuckey fill I in on this . how would you and vivian meet ? edward we just do . stuckey ( grin ) come on , you can tell I . I sure would like to know where a guy run into a girl as attractive as this . edward the night I leave you house , I be lose . I be look for direction . stuckey and you just happen to run into she . great . what 's she do ? she work ? edward yes ... stuckey do what ? edward vivian 's in sale . stuckey sale , really ? that 's great . what do she sell ? Edward 's eye narrow . edward why do you want to know ? stuckey hear I out . I have know you a long time . I see a difference in you this week . like that tie . I be suddenly wonder if this girl 's not the difference . especially when I see she talk with David kross . ext . equestrian CENTER - angle on vivian vivian turn away from the bar , now hold two glass of champagne . she scan the crowd for Edward . ext . equestrian CENTER - angle on edward and stuckey edward she meet he at dinner last night ... I like this tie . stuckey so now they be best friend ? Edward , this girl appear out of nowhere and now I see she talk to a guy whose company we be try to buy . it 's too convenient . edward you be be ridiculous . stuckey industrial espionage be not ridiculous . Edward , how do you know she have not attach herself to you so she can bring kross back information ? edward Christ , Bill , she 's not a spy , she 's a hooker . I pick she up off Hollywood boulevard . ext . equestrian CENTER - angle on vivian as she hear loud sudden laughter . she turn . she see that it 's stuckey laugh . smiling , vivian start towards they with two glass of champagne . ext . equestrian CENTER - angle on stuckey and edward stuckey I swear to God , you be the only millionaire I ever hear of who would go look for a goddam bargain streetwalker ! Edward see vivian come . edward let 's drop it , shall we ? Edward turn . he smile gently as vivian quietly approach and hand he he glass of champagne . a group of businessmen be stand a short distance away . one of they call out : man Edward ! May we have you opinion on something ? edward ( to vivian and stuckey ) Excuse I a moment . he move to join the group of man . stuckey give vivian a broad smile . stuckey have a good time , vivian ? vivian yeah . thanks . stuckey all this must be quite a change from Hollywood boulevard . vivian look as if she 's be strike . vivian what ? stuckey it 's okay . Edward tell I . you secret 's safe with I . stuckey run he hand up she arm . stuckey ( cont would ) what do you charge , vivian ? maybe you and I could get together after Edward leave . vivian ( force a bitter smile ) yeah . sure . why not . call I at the Regent beverly wilshire . stuckey I just might do that . he move away . vivian turn . Edward look up from he conversation , see she look at he . he smile , raise he glass in a small toast . a moment . vivian toast he back . int . penthouse - night they enter . Edward switch on a light . vivian come down the step into the room . Edward follow after she . edward you be awfully quiet . you have not say a word since the party . as Edward touch she shoulder , vivian suddenly spin and explode with anger . vivian you asshole ! I can not believe what a --! edward vivian , what the -- tear well in vivian 's eye as she yell at he . vivian clean the slut up , take she out , huh ?! what be you try to prove !? I be not a piece of meat for you to offer to you friend ! edward I do not know what you be talk about . vivian I have be with stinking old man who have make I want to puke but I have never have anyone make I feel as dirty as you do tonight . edward would you please calm down . tell I what happen . vivian stuckey ! he want a " appointment " with I after you leave . you my pimp now or do he think that up on he own ? Edward look guiltily away . edward what be I suppose to do ? ( a beat ) I tell the truth . why should the truth upset you ? it 's not as if you be from a convent . vivian I want my fuck money . I be get out of here . I do not want anything more to do with you . edward can we talk about this ? can you just try to calm down ? vivian you goddamn friend , he think the only reason I be with you be for the money . a tear fall from vivian 's eye . vivian ( defiantly ) well , it 's true . just pay I what you owe I and I be go . edward vivian ... vivian pay I ! before I pick up this chair and smash you face in . edward Fine . I be only here a couple of more day and I be not go to spend they fight with you . vivian fuck off . edward I will call you a cab . if you want the clothes , pack they up . vivian stand quietly for a moment . and then she turn and walk into the bedroom . int . penthouse bedroom - night vivian start roughly pick up she clothes in the dim light of the bedroom . as she do she start cry . with each item of clothing the tear come down harder . Edward appear at the doorway . his face be genuinely concerned . edward vivian ... I be sorry . I be not prepare for question about we . it be a idiotic and insensitive thing I do . I should have know that it would hurt you . vivian I be not hurt . it do not hurt you when somebody piss on you , it just piss you off . edward I really be sorry . vivian let the clothes fall from she arm . sob , she stand limply . vivian you hurt I . Edward go to she and wrap he arm around she shoulder . she touch he hand . he sit on the bed . he pull she to he and wrap he arm around she , hold she tight . edward I will make it up to you . int . brokerage house - day Edward , carry a briefcase , move jauntily down a long hallway . stuckey trail after he . stuckey this be no time to disappear . we be in too far . edward Bill ? stop panic . kross be not go anywhere and I do not need to spend the rest of the day watch he stock go down . I will be in the office tomorrow . stuckey promise I you will read that contract by then . edward Goodbye , Bill . stuckey stop . he call after Edward . stuckey shit ... by tomorrow , Edward ! Edward hurry on . ext . regent beverly wilshire - day Edward exit out of he limo and walk to the front door . int . HOTEL lobby - day Edward smile , move jauntily to the elevator . Mr. Thomas at the front desk notice Edward 's happy mood . mr. thomas good afternoon , Mr. Harris . edward afternoon . Edward 's attention be take by the glitter jewelry display in the hotel jewelry store window . he detour from the elevator and move to the window for a closer look . he think a moment and enter the jewelry store . int . penthouse - afternoon vivian come out of the bedroom into the live room wear a elegant red sequine evening dress . she look incredibly beautiful . she see the phone . a think occur to she and go to it , she pick it up . wait . vivian c'mon , kit ... no answer . she hear someone at the door . she hang up . Edward enter . he be carry a small case . he stop at the sight of vivian . vivian do I look okay ? edward ( a small smile ) hmm ... let 's see ... no , there 's something miss . he hold up the small case . vivian what 's that ? edward I do not want you to get too excited ... this be on loan ... however ... vivian 's jaw drop . Edward be hold a diamond and ruby necklace in he hand , hold it as if it might melt if he breathe too hard . Edward behind vivian , fasten the necklace around she neck . edward this be make for a princess . I think she would approve of you wear it tonight . there . come look . he lead she to a mirror . she stare at she reflection . vivian Edward , I can not . edward shush . of course you can . vivian what if I lose it ? edward you will not . vivian what if someone try to steal it ? edward I will guard they and you with my life . EDT . burbank airport - day a limo pull onto the tarmac at burbank Airport . a pilot in a leather jacket and sunglass hurry forward to open the limo door . Edward -- now wear evening clothes -- and vivian climb out of the limo . pilot you plane be ready to go , Mr. Harris . edward very good . vivian plane ? take she arm , Edward lead she across the tarmac . edward you do not want to go all the way to San Francisco in a limousine , do you ? I do not . vivian where be you take I !? edward to meet some friend . rudolpho , a poet ... benoit , a landlord ... mimi , a flower maker ... vivian huh ? edward the opera . up ahead be a wait private jet , its engine already humming . she be speechless . Edward grin , loving the look on she face . ext . burbank airport - day the corporate jet take off down the landing strip . int . corporate jet - day Edward and vivian be alone in the passenger lounge of the jet . vivian can not believe the cabin . it be a comfortable room feature a long couch that curve across two wall , build in bar , television and stereo . Edward be once again , go over papers . vivian I have never be on a plane before . edward I be glad you like it . now be quiet , I have really get to read this . vivian fluff she hair up . she make a happy , excited growl sound -- rrrrr ! a wick gleam come to she eye . she walk over to Edward and stand in front of he . he look up . she part the thigh high slit in she gown to expose silken quarter . she begin to unfasten the garter one at a time . edward vivian , what do you think you be do ? Edward watch silk stocking slide down vivian 's lovely leg . vivian be quiet . she reach out and gently caress Edward 's face . Edward set down he papers . ext . san francisco - sunset the set sun cast a incredibly glow over the city and the coast . vivian ( o.s. ) you ever be in love with anyone ? int . corporate jet - sunset vivian be at the window , look out . she carefully put she earring back on . she stare , mesmerize by the skyline , the golden gate bridge in the distance . she turn . Edward be buttone he shirt . he be silent . vivian sorry . you be not pay I to ask you question like that . edward vivian . I be pay you to be you . be you . ( a beat ) have you ? ever be in love with anyone ? vivian you mean , besides elvis ? ( turn back to the window ) I be a human be . sure . once . first time I ever run away from home , I get as far as Atlanta . I meet this boy . he would be with he parent on they way to Chicago . they stop at a gas station . he go to the john . when he come back they would split . we sorta start look out for each other . aw , he be sweet . and boy , be he good look , y'know , dark hair and eye . the chicken hawk be on he all the time . he hate that . sometimes we would find a safe place to crash night and we would curl up together and we would talk about all this crazy thing . the two of we get marry someday . have kid . stupid stuff . edward what happen to he ? a moment . vivian shrug . vivian my father find I . dragge I home . I do not know why , he never seem to like I much when I be there . ( a bitter smile ) ' cept when he be drunk , then he like I a whole lot . ( a moment ) I make it back to Atlanta a year later . Andy be go . silence . vivian stare out the window . vivian aw , but thing sure look fine when you be sit way up high . Edward move close to vivian and put a arm around she shoulder , stare with she out at the view . vivian rest she head against he . ext . san francisco opera house - night a airport limo pull to a stop in front of the San Francisco Opera House . the driver walk around back and open the passenger door . Edward emerge and help vivian out . int . s.f. opera house lobby - night Edward put he hand on vivian 's elbow as they walk through the elegant lobby . edward some people say that opera be a acquire taste , but I do not believe it . you can always tell when someone go to the opera for the first time . they either love it or hate it . that who love it will always love it ; that who hate it might come to appreciate it , but they will never truly love it . vivian be wide eye as they walk past a beautifully light fountain with several graceful statue in its center . everywhere she look she see elegantly dress women and prosperous look men . it make she nervous . without realize it , she raise a protective hand up to she necklace . she look as if she suspect someone be go to step up and steal it . edward viv ? I really doubt if anyone here be go to try and grab it . vivian reluctantly lower she hand . int . s.f. opera house lobby - another angle - night a crowd of people mill around the lobby , head toward they seat . vivian be aware of the look she draw as she pass -- curious , even envious look from the women , appreciative glance from the men . her hand again rise nervously to she necklace . edward they all think you look very beautiful , vivian . vivian give he a grateful look . relaxing , she lower she hand from the necklace . with a flourish , he offer he arm . she take it . they start forward . int . s.f. opera house BOX - night Edward and vivian take they seat in a box high above the stage . vivian if it 's in italian , how will I know what they be say ? edward I will whisper some of the main part of the story to you . but you will be surprised how much you understand . the music convey the story more powerfully than any word . vivian but do not they have it in English ? edward vivian , do not be afraid of what you do not know . that 's the fun of it . the light dim . vivian ( resign ) okay . even if I hate it , I be glad you bring I . the orchestra begin to play . vivian 's eye focus intensely on the stage , as if a new world be about to be reveal to she . int . s.f. opera house state - night in a montage of image and music - LA boheme be perform . the light from the stage dance across vivian 's face . Edward lean over to translate the tenor 's aria . edward what be I ? I be a poet . not a man of wealth but one rich in dream . you have come to replace my vanish dream . I dwell now only in you eye . the music ebb and swell . the set and costume change . the story continue . Edward again lean close to vivian . edward and now she ask rudolpho if he still think she beautiful -- vivian raise a hand and gently cover Edward 's mouth . her eye be fix on the stage . she do not need he help . the emotion building inside vivian swell as the music be reach its tragic climax . her lip tremble . her eye fill with tear . Edward glance at she . he study she a long moment , watch the emotion play unashamedly across she face . strangely move , he take vivian 's hand . as the opera end , they be both sweep away by it . int . s.f. opera house BOX - night as the light come up , vivian wipe off she tear-ruine mascara . she sigh , happy . the women in the next box smile at she . older woman do you enjoy the opera , dear ? vivian ( tearfully ) it be so beautiful I just about piss my pants . Edward smile at the now shocked look older woman and he and the still misty vivian exit . int . corporate jet - night - later Edward and vivian sit side by side . edward if you would go on about how much you like it , I be not sure I would have believe you . vivian I more than like it . edward I know . I be glad . vivian do you ? edward yes . I have never enjoy it more . thank you . vivian look at he a moment . and then , lean slowly forward she kiss he gently on the mouth . he look at she surprise . he put he arm around she and kiss she back . it be the first time they have kiss and they make it very special . ext . corporate jet - night the plane fly in the night . back to L.A. int . regent beverly wilshire penthouse bedroom - night in a series of cross fade Edward and vivian make love . equally give , equally take . no mask , no shield . int . penthouse bedroom - night - later in the darken bedroom , Edward and vivian lie together . Edward cradle vivian . her back rest against he chest . his arm be over she body . she take Edward 's hand in she hand and carefully examine it ; marvel at the finger , the tiny hair on the back . she gently kiss the palm . vivian Love you ... she clutches Edward 's hand tightly to she breast . she close she eye , ready to sleep now . int . penthouse bedroom - angle on edward - night his eye open . vivian 's whisper endearment have fill with he with sudden confusion and uncertainty . he stare into the dark , wonder what to do with the woman in he arm . int . penthouse - outdoor patio - morning the phone ring . Edward immediately reach out and pick it up . he be dress in a robe . Breakfast be on the umbrella would table in front of he . edward yes ? int . stuckey' home - library - morning - intercut stuckey , not even dress yet , pace around he desk . stuckey do I wake you ? edward I be up . stuckey I have to call . I jus get off the phone with James kross . get this . he want to see you . today . edward why ? stuckey he would not say . Edward ... I think we get he . his nut be on the block and we get he . ( silence ) you there ? edward give I twenty minute . stuckey we will be there . listen , if he 's really cave in , we will go from there down to the office . I want he to commit he stock to we this morning . Edward hang up . his mind seem on other thing . he rise . int . penthouse bedroom - morning vivian be still asleep . she be face down on the bed , the sheet just cover she to she waist . Edward stare down at she . he gently reach out and run a finger down the soft line of she spine . vivian murmur contentedly . vivian mmm. ( open she eye ; look at he ) hi. Edward smile at she softly . and then : edward better get dress . we be have guest . int . penthouse bedroom - day vivian be wear she yellow dress . she stare at herself in the bedroom mirror . her hair ... she make -up ... she realize how different she be now , realize that she like it . Edward come out of the bathroom . he cross to the closet for a tie . vivian here . let I . she come over , start to tie he tie for he . he be very aware of the closeness of she . she smile at he . he smile ; put he hand on she stop she for a moment . look up , she see that he be serious now ; no more joke . he release she hand . edward ( quietly ) one more night and you be finally rid of I . vivian yeah , you have be pretty tough to take . edward I have to go to New York tomorrow . vivian say nothing . edward ( cont would ) but I will be back in Los Angeles . soon . I would like to see you again . I think we could work out something ... a arrangement . vivian be silent . edward ( cont would ) I will get you a apartment , buy you a car -- vivian sigh , let something go inside . finish with he tie , she turn away . edward ( cont would ) what be it ? vivian ( not unkindly ) what else ? you gonna leave some cash by the bed when you pass through town ? edward it would not be like that . I want to get you off the street . you will have a different kind of life . what 's wrong with that ? vivian I be sorry . that 's very sweet , Edward , and I know you mean it ... she be silent . edward vivian , I have think about this a lot . this be the best solution . vivian ( shake she head " no , " then continue tie he tie ) when I be a little girl , my mother lock I in the attic when I be bad , which be pretty often . I would stare out the window up there and make believe I be a princess trap in the tower by the wick queen . then suddenly a knight on a white horse with he bright color fly would ride up . rescue I from the tower , and then we would ride off ... but never , ever in all the time I have that dream do the knight say , " come on baby , I will put you up in a great condo . " she finish he tie . edward vivian , life 's not a fairy tale . vivian ( softly ; to herself ) I know . ( a beat ) hey , do not mind I . I be be stupid . ( more ) I will think about it , okay ? it 's a real good offer for a whore . edward I have never treat you like a whore . vivian ( not mean ) you just do . the doorbell suddenly ring in the live room . int . penthouse live room - day Edward enter the live room . vivian slowly enter behind he . Edward open the front door . Mr. kross slowly enter . he look very old and tired ; so much so that Edward have to mask he surprise . kross Mr. Harris . edward how be you , Mr. kross . kross not bad for a man who have not sleep in four night . I will get use to it . a angry , reluctant look David kross be behind he father . stuckey bring up the rear . Edward and David give one another perfunctory nod . stuckey smugly wink at Edward . Edward close the door and lead they all down the stair . vivian be very troubled at kross 's appearance . he gently nod at vivian . kross Young lady . vivian hello. ( to David ) hi. david hello , vivian . stuckey let 's not waste time here , shall we ? Mr. kross , you say this morning , you wish to speak with Mr. Harris . Mr. Harris be now listen . kross have to fight down he humiliation at stuckey 's tone . he turn to Edward . kross yes . I be here to tell you that I have reconsider my position on you acquisition offer . edward expected ... offer . kross of course , yes . after the expect filing period be over , I be go to recommend to the board that we accept you bid . edward ( a moment ) you be make the right decision , sir . stuckey glance triumphantly at Edward . he be surprised to see that there do not seem to be any victory in Edward 's face . Edward be silent . kross interpret he silence as second thought . kross I will see you on one condition . I be not so concerned for I but the people who have work for I ... vivian be disturb watch this tired look man . stuckey ( quickly ) they will be take care of . wo not they , Edward ? kross ignore stuckey . he look to Edward . Edward slowly nod . kross I will sign anything you want then . stuckey today . kross nod tiredly . his voice be very soft . kross today . vivian abruptly turn and disappear into the bedroom , obviously upset . the man all watch she go . Edward hesitates . he turn to kross : edward Excuse I , please ? he head to the bedroom . int . penthouse bedroom - day vivian be sit on the bed , on the phone . vivian hello . be kit deluca there ? when she come in will you have she call vivian Wells at 560-30000 . yes. okay . she hang up as Edward come in . vivian what do you do to he ? edward what do you mean ? vivian last time I see he he be this strong guy . now he 's beat . and you like he . edward vivian , I want you to listen to I . the man realize that it would be better for he future and he son 's future , if he cooperate . vivian right . edward it 's not you concern . it 's ... business , that 's all . vivian Business . edward yes . the man make a business decision . vivian it 's all just business to you . him. me. you life . everything 's business . edward it 's what I do for a live . it 's how I make money . silence . edward I will be back in a few hour . we will talk about this later . int . penthouse live room - day Edward enter the live room . the man look at he expectantly . edward we will continue this down at the office . he head for the door . ext . penthouse patio - day vivian stand at the railing , unhappily look out at the city beyond . the phone ring . she turn and hurry inside . int . penthouse live room - day vivian answer the phone . vivian lo ? int . HOTEL lobby - day - intercut Mr. Thomas be stand behind the front desk , a rather strain expression on he face . mr. thomas barnard Thomas here . miss vivian , I wonder if you might come down to the front desk . there 's someone here to see you . vivian I ? mr. thomas I would send they up , but sadly , I do not trust the young lady to find you on she own . a hand reach out and wrench the phone away from Mr. Thomas . kit , heavy make - up , skimpy outfit , chew gum , cigarette and all , keep she voice just below a bellow . kit viv ? where be you , babe ? ( glaring at Mr. Thomas ) the sphincter - police will not let I through . int . HOTEL lounge - day kit finish slurping on a big , frosty ice cream soda . she smack she lip like a happy , little girl . vivian be not have anything . vivian yes , I be glad you be clean but I have be call and call . kit be that you ? vivian who do you think ? kit carlos . I still owe he two hundred buck ... vivian kit , I leave that money for you day ago . kit yeah . I just get it . a older couple walk past the table . they stare at kit . kit fifty buck , grampa . for seventy - five , the wife can watch . horrify , the elderly couple hurry away . vivian kit ... kit everybody keep starin ' at I . vivian yeah ... I know what you mean . kit what do you know ? you look good . all dress up . ( meaning it ) you clean up real nice . ( giggle ) you sure do not fit in down on the boulevard , lookin ' like you do . not that you ever do anyway . vivian you think I fit here where they just about chew you food for you ? kit where do you fit ? vivian be silent , then . vivian ( suddenly ) I kiss he , kit . on the mouth . kit honey , you be not suppose to do that . vivian I know . I stop pretend and start like it with he for real . kit oh , my god , you mean it be good ? vivian ( miserably ) it be great . kit dummy . vivian he want to set I up in a place , give I some money . kit I pray for that . vivian ( nod ) all I be do be feel lousy about it . I do not know what to do . what do I do , kit ? kit go for the buck . vivian I do not care about buck . ( a beat ) I might love this guy . kit wow , be you in deep shit . ( a sigh ) you know he will break you heart . vivian be silent again . kit ( cont would ) I blame myself here . first time I laid eye on ya ' , I know you be too complicated to be a whore . vivian nod . her face be fill with confusion . int . brokerage house - conference room - day Edward stand at the window look out . there be something about he somber demeanor that both reflect the look we have just see on vivian and suggest the way we see he at the top of the story . Jake enter , a pile of papers under he arm . he begin lay they out on the conference table . jake congratulation , sir . edward what ? jake Mr. kross be just get off the phone with he stock broker . it 's finish . you have win . Edward say nothing . jake who be you go after next , sir ? edward who indeed ... he turn as stuckey , James and David kross , and vance enter the room . they surround a conference table . kross sit , the papers laid out in front of he . stuckey hand kross a pen . a secretary lay out finger food . they wait for she to leave before they speak . stuckey if we can get this letter of intent out of the way now ... Mr. Harris and I would like to ask you some question about you company . david dad , excuse I , but that 's inappropriate . you be under no obligation to answer any question at all . kross could we at least wait till after the filing period ? stuckey glance to Edward for help . Edward be silent ; indeed it 's as if something be twist inside of he . stuckey plunge ahead . stuckey Mr. Harris be prepare a bid base on we speculation of the corporation 's net worth . the price he ultimately pay for you father 's stock will be base on that bid . the more we know , the higher we bid can be . kross it 's in my best interest to cooperate , David . david if he throw himself on you sword , you promise to take care of he and he family , huh ? David stare at he . stuckey that 's unfair ! david you bed it be . ( to Edward ) you be everything he say you be . ( to he father ) do what you have to do , dad . just do not expect I to watch it . he exit . a moment . kross look at Edward with a resign smile . kross he 's young . he have not learn how to lose gracefully yet . I will sign you papers . and I will answer you question . whatever you want . he sigh . he pick up the pen . he 's about to sign . edward stop . for just a moment . ( a moment ) Mr. kross , I would like to ask you a few question before you sign . you realize that you be a target . if you be not mine , you would be someone else , correct ? kross yes . edward if you have a ... reprieve , what would do ? stuckey ( quickly ) I do not think there 's any sense in -- edward let he answer . kross I ... I would take advantage of it . edward how ? kross look uncertain . he grope for a answer . kross I ... I do not know . there ... there be not time ... edward I suppose you would find out soon enough that you have asset you presently do not seem aware of , would not you ? the waste processing license at that abandon shipyard of yours , you would certainly find out about that . surprise suddenly flare in stuckey 's eye . stuckey oh , my god ... Edward , no ! edward I suppose you would use they as collateral on new loan , would not you ? stuckey have you lose you mind ? kross ( to stuckey ) quiet. ( to Edward ) would I get the loan ? edward this time I imagine you would , yes . ( as if think about it ) hmm ... ( a moment ) with all this in mind , Mr. kross , I can not logically make a formal bid on you company , can I ? kross ( a small smile ) you would be initiate a financial battle you would ultimately lose , Mr. Harris . edward you be very right . I think the best thing we could all do be go home . stuckey what !? edward have a good day , gentleman . he exit from the room . stuckey follow . int . brokerage house - day Edward be walk down the hall . stuckey come out of the office and call after he . stuckey ( call ) Edward , what happen ? what kind of move be that ? Edward silently go into the elevator . the door close . stuckey ( yell ) dammit Edward , speak to I . stuckey head back to the conference room . ext . office build - late afternoon Edward come out of the building . his chauffeur leap to open the limo door . edward no ... take the car back to the hotel . I need to walk . he set off across century Park East . int . penthouse - evening vivian be in the live room , pace , edgy , the doorbell ring . she turn . it ring again . she open it . stuckey be stand outside with a small briefcase . he look agitate . he try to hide it . stuckey well , well ... hello again . I be look for Edward . vivian just stare at he . vivian Edward 's not back . I think he be with you . stuckey walk past she and down the step into the live room . stuckey no , I will just have to wait then , will not I ? there be a bar set up . stuckey set he briefcase down . he cross to the bar . stuckey ( cont would ) mind if I have a drink ? vivian no . he pour liquor in a glass . he fire it down . it seem to calm he a bit . stuckey do you want to know what he do ? do you want to know what the crazy son of a bitch do ? he hand the whole thing back to kross ! on a silver platter . for no reason ! what be he think , I mean , what be go through he goddam head ? why ? ( pour another drink ) what be all that benevolent crap ? what be we go to become , a philanthropic foundation ? I will probably be the director of several worthwhile charity . vivian I think it 's great . stuckey glare at vivian . stuckey I bet . a lousy whore and you be the gum in a hundred million dollar deal . vivian ( mock ) aw , come on , Bill . it 's just business . he look at she a moment . stuckey but what do I know , maybe you be worth it . come on , show I . let 's see you act . he grab she wrist . vivian get out ! stuckey do not worry . I will pay for it . what a you charge ? huh ? twenty , thirty , fifty buck , maybe ? be you a fifty dollar whore ? he try to kiss she and pull she down on the couch on top of he . vivian be you crazy ? she bite he hand . stuckey slap she . vivian start flail back . but stuckey be too strong . vivian stagger back at the force of another slap . stuckey slam she up against a wall and start rub up against she . stuckey you get a mean streak in you , do not you . he try to kiss she again . stuckey ( cont would ) be that what he like about you ? huh ? answer I ! and suddenly a hand land on stuckey 's shoulder . stuckey turn he head , startle . int . penthouse - reverse angle - stuckey' p.o.v. Edward , murder in he eye , belt stuckey across the room . int . penthouse - night - back to scene stuckey fall on the ground . Edward rush forward , berserk with rage , to hit stuckey again . his fist hit the top of stuckey 's head , hurt Edward 's hand more than stuckey 's skull . vivian rush out of room to bathroom . again stuckey try to rise . Edward kick he in the butt , send he headfirst into the bar . glass and bottle crash to the floor . stuckey again try to rise . and collapse . Edward rub he fist . they be not use to this violence and both stare at each other panting . stuckey you break my nose . edward I think I break my hand . ( a beat ) you be fire . stuckey Edward , we have be together ten year . edward and I do not like what we have become . I will cover any loss you have on this one . now get out , you asshole ! stuckey all this because of that whore ! edward yes . Edward push stuckey out the door and throw he briefcase after he . stuckey Edward , think about what you be -- Edward slam the door in he face . Edward stand there , reflect on what he 's do . edward ( to himself , almost proud ) well , I do not plan that ! int . penthouse bedroom - night - later Edward hold a icepack to vivian 's cheek . vivian why do guy always know how to hit a woman ? right across the cheek , wham , so it feel like you eye be gonna explode . what do they do , take you all aside in high school and show you how ? it piss I off ! edward not all man hit . and no one be go to hit you anymore . vivian right. ( soften ) you be quite the Sir galahad today , be not ya ' ? ( a beat ) I hear what you do with kross . edward it be a business decision . vivian look at he . edward I get tired of hat my father . vivian ( a small smile ) it be good . edward it feel good . Edward look on the bed at she suitcase . edward you be pack . vivian ( nod ) I be leave . ( a moment ) do not ya see ? if I stay with you like you want I to , there will always be some guy , you friend eve , treatin ' I like that ... thinkin ' they be allow to . what be you gonna do , fight be all ? no. I will take my money now , please . a moment . Edward reach for he wallet . he count out bill . he place they in vivian 's suitcase . he put he arm around vivian . vivian aw , do not ... no ... edward stay with I tonight . not because you be be pay to . stay with I because you want to . vivian I do . I do want to . that 's why I be leave . ( turn to he ) that 's what you give I , see ? I know what I want now . I want a guy like you for real . not because you buy I thing and give I money . the nicest thing you ever do for I be hold my hand . you gonna give I that ? Edward be silent . vivian I do not think so . edward vivian ... vivian it 's not you fault . you be right . kit 's right . ( look he right in the eye ) but I want the fairy tale . int . HOTEL lobby - evening vivian come out of the elevator . a bellman see she and spring forward , reach for she bag . bellman let I take that , miss . vivian thanks . vivian see Mr. Thomas behind the front desk . vivian I will be out front in a minute . I get a cab comin' . the bellman move away . vivian walk to the front desk . vivian hi , barney ! mr. thomas ( look up ) miss vivian . vivian look I just want to say goodbye . mr. thomas Mr. Harris do not check out until tomorrow . vivian yeah , well , I check out today . mr. thomas you be not accompany he to New York ? vivian ( lightly ) come on , barney , you and I live in the real world . ( a beat ) you do not know how to treat a girl like anything but a lady , Mr. Thomas . mr. thomas certain lady make that very easy ... vivian . ( turn to the desk clerk ) John , call a limousine for we guest , please . have it take she anywhere she wish to go . Bill the hotel . ( turn back to vivian ) see you again sometime soon . vivian smile softly at he . she turn and walk for the door . ext . hollywood blvd . - day a long silver limo drive down Hollywood Blvd . int . limo - day the limo driver push the button that roll down the screen between back and front seat . driver you be sure this be the right street , mar 'am ? vivian yes. 1312 . it 's a big apartment building . ext . vivian' apartment build - day the limo pull to a stop in front of a rundown apartment building on a dirty Hollywood side street . the limo Driver , a large latino man , step out of the car and walk around to the passenger door . as he do , he survey the surroundings uncomfortably . ths be rough neighborhood . he open the door . vivian step out . limo driver maybe I should go with you . this do not look like a good place for a lady to be alone . several people pass . all of they stare at the car , at the driver , at vivian in she lovely clothes . vivian I will be okay . I be home . thank you . the driver , confuse , watch she hurry up the step to the apartment building . he drive off . int . apartment lobby - day vivian walk toward she apartment . the landlord be sit at the front desk in a dirty undershirt . landlord hey , we announce guest here . you a relative of somebody ? vivian lower she sunglass . landlord ( cont would ) viv -- be that you ? vivian yeah , it 's I . she keep walk . landlord you lookin ' good , viv ' . Nice thread . I gotta find time to shop . int . penthouse - day Edward stand at the penthouse window , look out . he be dress now , ready for travel . there be something about he expression , he somber demeanor that suggest the way we see he at the very top of the story . a bellman enter from the bedroom , roll a luggage load dolly along in front of he . bellman be that everything , sir ? edward ( turn from the window ) that 's everything . the bellman exit , close the door behind he . the phone ring . Edward cross to it , pick it up . the maid come in , look around . maid the lady , she go ? edward yes . she go . int . HOTEL lobby - day Edward with the bellhop head to the front door . he 's leave . bellhop do you have a car take you to the airport , sir ? edward yes . int . vivian' apartment - bedroom - day vivian , look fresh scrubbed without make - up , be wear clean jeans , a nice look shirt and a suit jacket . her bureau 's be open . she be pack . kit be watch . she take the photo of she and kit dress up hot in hooker clothes and pack it . kit so whatta ' you go to do in San Francisco ? vivian get a job and probably go back to school . figure out what I be gonna be . kit what kind of school ? vivian School , school . regular . I use to get pretty good grade in school , you know . kit so do I . I make it with the principal . ( recite ) Study hard and get a " B . " lift you dress and a " a " you will see . they both laugh but too hard . vivian want a pair of boot ? kit do I !? momma ! take they , she sit on the bed and put they on . vivian you sure you will not come with I ? kit and leave all this ? not in a million . they laugh together . kit ( cont would ) what time 's you bus ? vivian couple a hour . kit yeah . well ... I gotta split . Goodbye 's make I crazy . vivian cool you jet a second . ( go to she purse ) here 's some money . kit no . you take care of rent , that 's enough . vivian I want to . for food , get it ? eat something before the wind blow you away . kit I be gonna pay you back next time I see ya , babe . just wait , I be gonna do something real nice for you some day . they hug . kit ( cont would ) shit , I be gettin ' all weepy now . kit begin back out of the room . kit ( cont would ) take care of you , okay ? take care of you . Love ya ... kit turn and hurry out of the apartment . ext . hollywood boulevard - day kit enter the falafel stand on Hollywood boulevard . int . falafel stand - day kit enter , sit at the counter . kit coffee , Chan . and maybe a grill cheese on white , okay ? a very young girl be sit just down the counter from kit . kit nod at she . kit hey , how you doin ' . you new , huh ? girl yeah . get a cigarette ? kit sure . she pass the girl down the pack . she strike a match , light she cigarette for she . the girl inhale deep , let it out with a sigh . she look towards the window . girl jeez , do the wacko in the suit . kit turn to look . kit be p.o.v . - hollywood blvd . outside , across the street , Edward have accost two prostitute ; one blonde , one a red haire black one . int . falafel stand - day - back to scene kit rise . kit Chan ? keep the sandwich warm , I will be back . she head out the door . ext . hollywood boulevard - day Edward be still talk to the prostitute . edward I be look for a girl , vivian , young , dark hair , big eye ...? they shake they head . edward she 's mouthy . sort of difficult ...? prostitute 1 ai not see she , would not know she . prostitute 2 what 's wrong with we , man ? two for the price a one , what ya say ? edward ( disappointed ) thank you . no. they turn and walk away . Edward stand there , not know what to do next . he look discourage and lose . kit ( o.s. ) Edward Harris , as I live and breathe ! Edward quickly turn to find kit stare at he . kit smile , triumphantly . kit ( cont would ) yeah . Boy , you be just like she say . she turn and start away . she stop , turn back . kit ( cont would ) you comin ' or not ? I do not get all day , I get a grill cheese waitin' . Edward follow kit. int . vivian' apartment - day vivian sit on she bed , lose in think . her bag be pack , ready to go . with a sigh she rise . she pick up the bag , exit the room . vivian stand in the dreary live room , look at it , take it all in for the last time . she suddenly look more than a little bit frighten to be leave . she muster resolve . she go to the door , open it and exit , close it behind she . silence . vivian suddenly come back in . she put down she bag . she cross to the kitchen where she take coffee can / piggy bank from the shelf . she put some more bill into it , place it back where kit will find it . she turn and start again for the door . she stop . she hear something . music . a aria from La boheme . faint . seemingly come from nowhere . she dismiss it -- she 's hearing thing . she open the door . stop . the music be louder and get louder now -- it 's not she imagination . she hurry over to the window . ext . vivian' apartment build - day vivian come out onto the fire escape . she stare in wonder . a snow white limo come up the street . a necktie have be tie to the antennae like a knight 's token . the music from La boheme be blaring from the car 's stereo . Edward be stand on the car 's seat , he head and body up through the open sunroof . the wind blow at he hair . he be smile . everywhere on the street people be stare ; the bum , the pusher , the passerby's , the tourist . vivian do not know whether to laugh or cry . the car come to a stop in front of the vivian 's building . vivian 's landlord come out the front door . his eye go wide in disbelief . Edward disembark from the limo by come up through the sunroof . he leap nimbly to the ground . he cross to the entrance of the alleyway , look up at vivian on the fire escape . vivian you be really lose this time . Edward wordlessly hold up a hand for she . with a sudden cry of joy , vivian come down the fire escape . she stop at the bottom stair . Edward come forward and sweep she into he arm . they kiss . he carry she to the limo as if she 's weightless . her foot never touch the ground . the car door close behind they . the limo drive away . the people of the street watch it go . the end --------------------------------------------------------------