priest written by cory goodman " I pass the vale . I breast the steep . I bear the cross : the cross bear I . " -- John Charles earle Oxford Book of mystical verse fade in : the moon . so fat and full in the night sky you can reach out and touch it . hick W. 0. this be what 's know : there have always be man ... and there have always be vampire . black shape swoop past the moonscape , vicious look thing . much shriek and wail . atop a stone ziggurat -- we see a group of men -- aztec warrior readying themselves with primitive weapon -- sling , bow , spear . tonight they know they will die . hick ( cont 'd ) since the beginning -- the two have be lock forever in combat ... the vampire be quick , stronger and have the gift of flight . Quick glimpsis of a bloody , brutal battle . Men scream . talon rip . fiery arrow launch against a unseen enemy . whoosh ! with a howl , we see a man pluck off the ground , he body disappear in the night . the image dissolves as -- the sky turn bright , the moon become a familiar ball of yellow gas . hick ( cont 'd ) but man have the sun . the camera tilt down to find another group of men -- more sophisticated than the first . makeshift weapon make of metal and steel sling across they back glint in the sunlight . they stand before a earthen structure , look like a giant wasp nest . unsheathe they weapon , they step grimly inside . we hear a hissing wail and the wield of steel . hxck ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and so it go like this over many year . as man and vampire both evolve -- the war become bloodier . from afar , we see giant stack of corpse as hydraulic machine stack the black body into pyre as big as building , smoke rise to the sky in twist column . a lone man 2 . stands at the base of one of the mammoth pyre . even from this angle we sen e he quiet dignity . hick ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) then come the priest -- the man turn and we see he face be shadow by a large cross tattoo , cut across he eye and down the center . hick ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) -- specially train warrior in the art of vampire combat . they single - handedly turn the tide for the human . Quick glimpsis of a group of priest battle a FURY of vampire ( we still do not get a good look at they ) . they technique be otherworldy -- combine the brutality of a Maori warrior . with the grace of a samurai . the -- combat - be intense . glorious . a explosion of blood and 's b m i l hick ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) over time the vampire threat fade . the once fierce race now fatally diminish . a shadow of what they once . be . through heavy smoke , we see a pile of vampire corpse , a rag collection of fang and claw . hick ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) the remain vampire be put into camp and -- by decree of the High clergy the Priests disband . the former warrior to be integrate as member of regular society . we see a wax seal press onto a ancient parchment . the document carefully roll and store in a ornate chamber . hick ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) the human race thrive in relative quiet . the vampire menace quickly forget for other , more modern threat . ( beat ) and the few survive Priests fade into quiet obscurity . the chamber be close . we see a encrust key turn in a heavy set lock and we -- fade to black . .s. we story begin with the rusty scrape of a windmill ... fade in : ext . the wasteland - day Dust swirl in nasty tangles . a lone male figure move across the plain , long and lean in overall . aaron pace . shadows flicker across he sunburn face , the windmill loom above he . in he hand be a electronic device , he plunge it into the earth . it make a series of clicking sound , read the soil . Aaron look up to see the silhouette of a woman stand in the doorway of he cabin . he smile , wave to she . his wife . int . outpost 10 ( nursery ) .- dusk a pioneer 's wood cabin . Aaron sit surround , a lattice work of vine cover the wall and floor in beautiful pattern . not a trace of soil anywhere in the room , everything hydroponically grow . shannon ( o.s. ) Supper 's on ! he smile , study a. stun ruby red flower , separate from the other . his crown jewel . he close the door and enter -- the kitchen shannon pace carry a bowl fill with a steaming green broth , place it on the dinner table , move aside a tiny figurine of jesus . the surround furniture cluttere with religious knickknack . shannon ( cont 'd ) you be spend a awful lot of time behind that door . make a woman suspicious . aaron special project . it 's take a little more time than I think . shannon nothing special about milkweed . unless you like a thorn in the finger . 4. I aaron it 's not milkweed . not this year . shannon what be it ? aaron you will see . his eye skate to she face move in for the kiss -- but he 's interrupted by lucy ( 0.s . ) yuck . persh - stew again . they daughter ( 13 ) . already a heartbreaker . this girl be too young , too pretty to be out here in the badland . lucy ( cont 'd ) I can not do it anymore . this outpost . be all coope up like this . I be go crazyl aaron honey ... we know this have not be easy for you -- in two year someone else will study the soil and this will be they outpost . but for right now -- this be my job . lucy I do not know what it 's like to have a best friend . to have any friend . I want to have a crush . I want secret . ( simply ) I want a life . Shannon look at she husband . she know this day would come . shannon Aaron . she 's thirteen -- she should be with child she own age . Aaron let out a breath . aaron okay . next year , we will figure out a way to get you to a school close by . in town . lucy but 5 . aaron N year -- that 's still plenty of time for you to have a " crush " . Lucy deflate , know this be as good as it 's go to get for awhile . Aaron take she hand . aaron ( cont 'd ) tomorrow I be head in town to file . you come with , help you old man out , get a change of scenery . ok ? ( beat ) now c'mon , stew 's get cold . bow you head and say grace . the family clasp hand . whatever they difference , there 's a bond here . lucy dear Lord we thank you for what we be about to receive . bless we with you gift ... she.speak with she eye clench shut , word speak sincerely , nothing perfunctory about it . she 's a believer . lucy ( cont 'd ) we thank you for the earth and the sky and for you bounty through Christ we Lord -- she.stop , open she eye -- stare at the plate and glass on the table . they be rattling . lu C y ( cont 'd ) daddy ? aa ron shh . he cock he ear , head a low rumble . although he 's never hear the sound before ... he know it can and only mean one thing . try to remain calm , Aaron go to the window . out the window frame by a blood moon hang over the horizon , a dozen black motorcycle race across the plain , engine thunder . 6 . the Jesus figurine fall off the table , shatter to the floor . Aaron look at Shannon , a expression on he face she have not see before - aaron ( cont 'd ) get the board ) lucy ( alarm ) what 's go on ? Aaron do not answer , Shannon help he position pre-cut plank across every window and door . each with a iron-cross strut for support ext . outpost 10 - same the cycle circle the house , kick up dust in sheet . int .. outpost 10 - same the roar of the engine fill the house as Aaron pull a powerful looking gun from the drawer . he drop it , obviously not familiar with firearm . aaron get by I . Shannon -and Lucy crouch at he foot . ext . outpost 10 - same the cycle cut they engine , headlight center on the house . a blister spotlight . it 's quiet . the rider step from they machine . we do not get a look at they face as one by one they leap onto the house and windmill , skittering across the wall and roof like spider . the blade of the windmill slowly come to a stop . 11u . outpost 10 r- same the power go out , everything go black . lucy ( terrified ) daddy ? 7. we hear the rider crawl over the outside of the house . snarl , howling , make terrifying sound . then the worst sound of all . Wood be tear apart . blam ! blan ! Aaron shoot like crazy , the white light muzzle flash provide glimpsis of shape move inside the house . black body blow back . shriek . everything happen lighten fast . finally , the gun click empty and we be plunge back into darkness . the light come back on Aaron be still stand , the house in shamble around he . he 's alone . aaron shannon ! from outside we hear the cycle revving . Aaron run to the door . rip off the board in time to see -- ext . outpost 10 - same the motorcycle racing away , a cloud of dust in they wake . Aaron run after but trip on -- shannon her body lie in the dirt , head lurching at a obscene ' angle . he brushes back she hair -- ere ' g unct_ure mabk in hem neck . crying , he cradle he , wife . feverishly look around for aaron lucy ! he keep scream but it 's no use -- as the-motorcycle fade in the night he know -- they have take she . the camera tilt to the moon hang above the plain . it turn black as we now find ourselves peer into -- 8. ext .. CITY five / district twelve - dusk the lip of a enormous smokestack . one of hundred . a seemingly endless brick forest reach to a sky heavy with soot and ash , while below , mile of factories stretch and stretch . a steam whistle blows quitting time . hundred of worker trail listlessly from a massive brick and stone complex . grey face betray another day 's toll . a tattooed figure move through the crowd , people step out of he way . they do this not out of respect . . . but fear . we do not get a good look at he . just flash -- shave head . eye like nail gun . tendon clenching over muscle . as he walk , people whisper . he hear all of it . he head into the street . citizen hurry by , some with . surgical mask over they mouth . there 's a pale , sickliness to they . malignant . the figure suddenly stop . he cock he bald head -- something 's catch he attention ... ext . alley - night we move through trash and shadow find -- a gang of factory worker , uniform , surround a girl ( 12 ) . they leader hold she close , butcher knife at she throat . mouth at she ear . leader go ahead ... scream . ( smile ) scream for daddy . he hear a noise , look up and see a silhouette stand at the head of the alley . 9. leader ( cont 'd ) look like daddy 's already here . ( point the knife ) well , then . come on daddy ... make it better . the figure step into a pool of white light , give we we first good look at he -- a lal rge AK cross tattoo shadow most of he -- a e. across the eye and down the center . the Mark of the Priest . leader ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) a Priest ! well , lookie here .. we get we a real life war-hero boysl Heard you guy be real baddass . the worker all pull out large knife . leader ( cont 'd ) guess we will find out . they move in on Priest , chemical burn in they blood , mouth leer . Priest fold he hand into the prayer position . the worker look at each other . laugh . worker # 1 - what 's he gonna do . . . bless we to death ? voomi -- there 's a whirling snarl of sound -- the sonic equivalent of a back flip and -- pries be hold they knife . before they can react , he throw the knife into they foot . they howl , pin to the concrete . scare , the leader clutches the girl , press against the brick wall as Priest move towards he . leader this be not the war no more . you get no right meddlin' . ( beat ) you do not belong here -- you be not one of we . 10 . and with that he raise the blade to the girl 's throat -- C whooshi a sudden rush of AIR . the leader look at the girl 's neck , he blade 's go . so be he hand . Priest hold the severe limb , its finger still clutching the blade . the leader collapse , a Holy shitl expression freeze on he face . the girl gawk at Priest , possibly more frighten of he than the worker . he turn to she , want to comfort she but not know how -- she flinch and run away , disappear into the street . a beat as Priest pries the butcher blade from the hand , wiping it off . tuck it in he waistband . he move on . ext . church ( establishing ) - night go to seed . the once proud house of God now a sad collection of molder stone and crack stain glass . int . church push past row after row of empty pews . we stop on the confessional booth -- a foot stick out from the door -- inside the booth father koeppen , body skinny and ravage . the old man pour himself a drink and downs it . cough . the confessional door open , someone step inside the other booth . we can not see who it be . figure ' bless I Father for I have sin ... again . the voice be like gravel from the bottom of a deep well . quietly commanding . koeppen know it well . 11 . koeppen I catch the ambulance pick up what be leave of the factory boy ... figure it be you handywork . the shape lean forward , we see it be Priest . priest this time there be a little girl . koeppen if this keep occur it will be .impossible to keep it from the clergy . you will get we both excommunicate . Priest gaze into the vestibule , he voice almost a whisper . priest I want to see the other Priests . koeppen you know you can not . the clergy forbid it . priest why ? koeppen they have they reason . Priest flick he eye over koeppen as if he could see through the vestibule , but he expression do not change . priest and they reason for building more and more factory ? the sky be turn black . koeppen since when be . industriousness a sin ? do Jesus not teach we to be productive ? ( beat ) as you appoint counselor take my advice , . . relax -- take up a hobby , pick a vice . make friend . priest you be my friend . koeppen I be a wick old man who would sell he parish for a pint of whiskey . Priest seem to deflate , he hard shell crack . 12 . priest I do not know what 's happen to I . ( 7 , question . doubt . I be not sure what it be . koeppen slide the vestibule open so they be now face to face . koeppen the devil come in many shape . do yourself a favor , keep you head down . be smart . and most of all remember you oath ... he hand Priest a set of rosary bead . koeppen ( cont 'd ) " to go against the Church be to go against God " . this statement have always be the boilerplate of Priest 's existence -- but tonight , it just sound like empty dogma . he squeeze he eye shut , clutching the , rosary as we CUT to : int . lobby of tenament build - night garbage litter the floor . the sound of water drip . Priest stand , wait for the lift to arrive . a boy and he mother wait too . the boy stare at Priest , fascinate , he mother do she best to pretend not to notice he . the elevator arrive and they step inside . int . lift - moment later as it rise , a single bulb flicker above . buzz . the boy continue to stare at Priest , bewitch by the tattoo . boy ( to priest ) do it hurt ? the lift grind to a stop . the mother quickly pull she son out as the door roll open , glaring at Priest , disappear down a dark corridor . and only now do Priest answer . 13 . priest ( softly ) yes . the lift door clatter shut . CUT to : int . priest apartment - night sparse , contain only what 's need . Priest peel off he shirt revealing a constellation of old battle scar -- puncture . scratch . bite mark . his skin show the early sign of aging . he go to the lone decoration in he apartment -- a fade photo of the pace family he take the picture off the wall , study it . the image bring he peace . from the street below , the sound of a gunshot . he look at the rosary bead , still in he hand . he turn out the light . CUT to : int . bedroom - 3 am unable to sleep , Priest sit on the edge of he bed . pray . there 's a knock at the door . priest who be it ? messenger ( 0 . S. ) Messenger . Priest open the door . a messenger hold up a punch card . messenger ( cony ' D ) I gota priority punch . originate in the wasteland . Priest take the card , the man write up a receipt . 14 . int . priest apartment - moment later Priest go to a wooden BOX , feed the punch card into it . a rube Goldberg - like device of pulley and winch squeak to - life , like a sail , a screen rise and Aaron appear , he image a smudge . he look awful . a man at the end of himself . aaron ( filter ) l-lucy 's go . they t-took she . I try to stop them . I knowouu be ... " retire " . but can you find she ? find she before --. ( sob ) they kill Shannon . the screen go blank . Priest shut he eye , make the sign of the cross . his hand curl into a fist . ext . clergy CITY ( establishing ) - later that night magnificent . at the city center , a municipal of baroque basilicas and . church -- all safely wall off from the rest of the metropolis . int . clergy chamber - night giant shaft of moonlight hit a marble floor . Priest and Father koeppen be lead by four officer before a tribunal of monsignor ( all at least in they 70' ) . they sit behind a giant table cloak in the florid robe of they religion . Men of scripture , creed and doctrine . Priest kneel , bow he head . priest thank you for meeting with I on such short notice , monsignor . even the monsignor be uneasy 'around Priest . they leader , orelas , lean forward , address he . monsignor orelas Father koeppen notify we of the situation . we prayer be with you family . 15 . priest I come before you because I would like my authority to be reinstate . monsignor orelas on what grounds ? Priest be take aback . priest she 's my blood , monsignor . monsignor orelas the proper authority be handle the situation . I be sure they ' ll.do a fine job . priest the proper authority ? monsignor orelas all occurrence of vampire . disobedience and felony be strictly a Federal matter now . ( beat ) you Priests do too good a job . the vampire population be classified as endangered . they be protect . priest but monsignor ... they be the enemy . monsignor orelas be . the enemy . the war end a long time ago . priest not so long that we should forget what they be capable of . monsignor orelas you would do well to remember the word of we savior : turn the other cheek . embrace you enemy . ( beat ) it be not we place to interfere --- or yours . Priest look up , obviously in great turmoil . priest - I can be of . great service to the investigation . I - can 16 . 0 the tribunal shift uncomfortably , intimidate by Priest . orelas stand . monsignor orelas you forget yourself , Priest ... it have be bring to we attention that you have engage in a number of transgression . tell I ... do you feel yourself to be above God ? priest no , monsignor . monsignor orelas engage in any kind of practice be sacrilege -- you bring shame upon we house . Priest turn the full force of he gaze on he . priest " let you light shine before man , that they may see you good work and glorify you Father which be in Heaven " -- matthew 5:16 Â€¢ the monsignor pound the table . monsignor orelas you dare quote scripture to meet questioning the . authority . of the clergy be forbidden 1 if you engage in another transgression . you will be stripped from the order and excommunicate immediately . do I make myself clear ? priest yes , sir . ' monsignor orelas I say do I make myself clear , . Father . priest yes , monsignor . monsignor orelas you be a soldier . God 's soldier -- Act like one . ( beat ) remember you vow : " to go against the Church be to go against God " . 0 the officer start to lead Priest and koeppen out the chamber , 17 . monsignor orelas ( cont 'd ) -- eather .. kam , please stay behind for a moment , a .we have something we need to discuss . off koeppen 's expression we CUT to : ext . soup kitchen - establishing homeless stand single file , wrap around the corner , black flake of ash drift down as they await tonight 's supper . int . soup kitchen - night Priest sit alone , rosary bead clutch in he hand . he look up to find koeppen , the old man staggering as he downs a expensive bottle of whiskey , three sheet to the wind . koeppen I know I would find you here . he sit , pour himself another drink , toast the poor soul at the surround table . koeppen ( cont 'd ) how many night in this very spot ? you with you endless question on the nature of suffer - I with none of the answer . Priest do not even acknowledge he , lose in he thought . koeppen ( cont 'd ) well , now I be the one with a question . this one 's a riddle . ( beat ) what be great than God - but more evil than the Devil ? the poor have it , the rich need it -- and if you eat it ... you will die . Priest look , up , he eye cold . priest why will not they listen to I ? a beat . koeppen take another drink . koeppen okay . I be go to. give you one more riddle and if you listen close - you might just hear a answer to you question . ( clear he throat ) ( more ) 18 . koeppen ( cont 'd ) how can a man who spend he whole life search for devil miss the one stare he in the face ? from behind , a clicking sound . Priest turn to find a officer stand , laser - guide shotgun point at he . the soup kitchen suddenly deathly quiet . koeppen ( cont 'd ) the Church feel it 's better to keep you under its care ... at least until this trouble with you niece blow over .. priest you know I can not do that . koeppen that 's what I figure . ten troopers in full riot gear STORM in jackboot clacking , they form a circle around Priest and koeppen . gun SNAP into place , laser point dotting he body . Priest look at koeppen -- betrayed . priest why ? koeppen ( toasting ruefully ) " to go against the Church be to go against God ' . Priest look around the room -- family and homeless huddle at the surround table , terrify . there 's only one thing leave for he to do . priest then ... I go against God . in a eyeblink -- Priest strip the gun from the nearby officer , cracking it against the trooper 's head , he attack graceful and precise -- a whirlwind of pinpointed blows and shatter bone . when it 's over , eleven trooper lie on the ground writhe . everything go quiet . 19 . angle on : a little boy he break , from he father .'' knee , slowly move towards the window , draw by a flickering shadow . his mouth drop open as -- wham ! -- twenty more troopers punch through the window in unison , shower everybody with glass ! bullet whistle through the air , everyone scream as they scramble for cover . the father diving for he son . priest fold he hand into the prayer position . vooni there 's a pop of AIR and --- ' silence the : trooper look around confuse -- they gun have disappear . a... , on a nearby table a neat pile of shotgun sit , every fire bullet collect harmlessly in a clean circle around they ... as if pick out of thin air . the little boy be somehow back with he father , the two safely hold hand , stare stupidly at each other . Priest be go . koeppe4 look at he fancy whiskey bottle , inside now float Priest 's rosary bead . he fish they from the bottle , hand shaking . koeppen Heaven help we . he take a swig . CUT to : int . church - night the strike of a match -- a prayer candle be light , glow in the darkness . 20 . at the altar Priest kneel , eye clench shut in prayer . a large figurine of Jesus on the cross loom over he . the Christ be expressive -- he suffer . priest oh my God ... I be sorry for . have offended you . it be never my intention to do so ... his word continue over ext . storage unit - night Priest stand in front of a steel door . have not be open for some time . priest ( o.s. ) I want so much to firmly resolve with the help of you grace to sin no more and to .avoid the near occasion of sin . int . storage unit - night the door slide open just a crack . a sliver of light landing on a piece of black sculpted metal . priest w.s. cont 'd ) but I can not . ext . storage unit night a engine roar , rumble , idling ... a throaty gurgle ... Priest pull out on a black motorcycle if this thing be a horse it would be the ultimate stallion -- pulse engine . nitrous . the work . a panel of black titanium solar cell cover the bike like armor . he race onto the street . ext . STREET - night sheet of rain fall like lead . pool in the gutter . priest ( o.s. ) all I can do be ask for forgiveness for what be yet to come ... 21 . the cycle knife through the city . expertly work he way through congest street . move past tent city , stockyard and rusty industrial machinery . ext . CITY limit - night we see a massive wall -- a hundred foot high , surround the city . Priest pull up to a checkpoint tower . a phalanx of guard with big shotgun at the ready , snap into place . mug like anvil . priest ( o.s. ) I now know the devil life within I . the sin come all too easy ... still on he bike , Priest 's foot touch the ground , block we view as we CUT to : ext . CITY limit - moment later the massive door / wall slide open with a klang1 revealing the wasteland . priest ( 0.3 . ) and all too frequently . Priest revs he bike , gun out the door . unconscious body leave in he wake . CUT to : ext . wasteland - day blaze sun . a endless plain of crack earth . nothing around anywhere ... vroomi Priest 's cycle streak across the salt flat . it 's glorious . ext . wasteland - later Priest ride past a line of ancient statue dominate the landscape , each represent one of the seven deadly sin , sentinels mark the boundary into the deep wasteland . he floors it , the bike punching for the horizon , a thick plume of dust funnel behind it ... CUT to : 22. ext . outpost 10 - night it 's quiet , just the sound of the rusty windmill . the only light provide by the moon reflect off Priest 's cycle , he 's just arrive . he crouch , examine , a fresh tire tread . he stare , take in the landscap e , feel it . then he step inside the cabin -- int . outpost 10 it look like a war zone . splinter furniture everywhere , spray of dry , black blood over the floorboard . he brushes away rubble and find a dress , Shannon 's . put he face to it , he inhale , he expression soften . behind he quietly , a cowboy hat and a shotgun barrel emerge from a hole in the floor . cowboy hat alright , now -- not another step . climb out from the hole , both barrel point , be sheriff hick ( 22 ) . you could say the name fit . but you would only be half right . hick think you would come back for a souvenir , hub ? you gotta be the dumbest bloodsucker I ever come across . Priest step into a pool of moonlight , illuminate he face . priest if I be a vampire you would be dead already . the cross tattoo , a strike image . hick stare , push he hat back on he forehead . hick I will be damme . he casually spit some atomic chaw , hit the floorboard with a sizzle . CUT to : 23. ext . halbridge - night hick and Priest ride in tandem across the plain . hick ' bike a standard police vehicle , nothing fancy but reliable . they head towards town , pass awooden sign` -- halbridge ext . haleridge ( MAIN STREET ) - night at a glance this seem like one of that frontier town from a old western . townspeople gather around a snake - oil salesman , the man pitching he ware before a paint van read dr . tomlin be medicine show . trance music waft from the nearby saloon . snake oil salesman do I ask for three dollar ? ' do I ask for two dollar ? no folk ! one dollar ! one piece of tin and protection be yours ! priest and hick pull up in front of the jail . hick eye the salesman , coolly dismount and adjust he hat . hick â€¢ scuse I a minute , he head towards the crowd , the salesman continue he pitch . snake oil salesman vampire be a deadly lot ! you could be next I I see a blackblood bite a man like a gingersnap ! the only sure way to be safe be a bag of dr . tomlin ' S wonder powdert ( hold up a sack ) if you care about you love one then you must have this amazing elixir in you home tonight -- whoosh ! a knife slice through the air , spear the sack and pin it to a nearby wall with a thunk . hick step to the front of the crowd . it 's he knife . hick you best get in that van and clear on out , mister . 24 . snake oil salesman for what reason ? I be a legitimate business man . hick pull he six - shooter , cock it . hick I get six right here . snake oil salesman sheriff , I be shocked you can be . so cavalier with the safety of you townfolk -- ham ! a bullet blow out the van 's headlight . hick that 's one . kapow ! the windshield crack like a spiderweb . hick ( cont 'd ) two . immediately , the salesman quickly pack up he ware , scramble for the van door . as he get in , he catch a look at Priest , pause a moment , then start up the vehicle and quickly peel away . hick pull the knife from the wall , hold the bag up to the crowd . hick ( cont 'd ) now you all listen up . this bag be not good fornothin ' but linin ' that man' pocket with you hard earn money . much shuffle amongst the people -- they trust in they sheriff but they be frighten . a older man name , crocker , step up . crocker you do not know 'that . you be just a kid . hick I see enough two - bit hustler and carry barker . he be not no better . crocker but what if he 's right ? hick toss the sack to crocker . 25 . hick take a look . ( crocker do , the content spilling to the ground ) ai not nothin ' but sand , flour and maybe ' a little garlic . . oldest trick in the wasteland : ( to everyone ) now I do not blame you for bein ' afraid . but that vampire head clear .on out and they be not comin ' back . woman and what about the girl ? hick pause . this be not easily say . hick I file a report with the city last night . I be sure they be join ' all they can . the townspeople mutter amongst themselves . hick look over to Priest , a group of child have already gather , . point and whisper at he . int . sheriff' station - a few minute later a hole in the wall . a few want poster and postal warrant tack up on a board beside asingle jail cell . hick lead Priest inside . hick I have already have one of the boy send for you brother . we get he put up at paddy 's place . Priest gaze out . the ; window . a group of townspeople be milling out front , stare at he .. he pull down the shade . hick ( cont ' D ) you be gonna have to excuse the attention .. we do not get stranger `round here too much -- " specially no Priest . ' course we be not never have no vampire attack in . this part before . ( eyeing Priest . ) but then you be just here to perform the service , right ? Priest do not reply , stare at a yellow want poster . 26 . hick ( cont 'd ) never much of a believer myself . I figure I get one bullet to shoot . I be gonna shoot it my way ... not how some book tell I to . ( spit ) but I do hear thing ... it true what they may about you folk ? ( beat ) you can fold time ? at that , Priest turn , look at hick . before he can answer the door open and -- aaron come through , look older than the last time we see he . see Priest , he face crack , smile for the first time in day . aaron you come . overcome , he wrap he arm around he brother , embrace . he . Priest hug he back . ext . cemetary ' - day a blind gravedigger play a old . sqqueezebox , hand expertly work the bellow . he 's do this for every . , funeral in halbridge for the last fifty year . the sad music drift across the wasteland . shannon' coffin lies in a freshly dig hole . Priest sprinkle dirt across . the casket , offer prayer . Aaron watch , . silently . a group of townspeople encircle the grave . everyone wear black goggle for protection from the swirl dust . hick stands apart from the other , hat in he hand . his eye focus on Priest . not even watch as -- Aaron plant the ruby red flower at the head of the grave . its glorious color almost obscene in this barren wasteland . CUT to : 27 . int . paddy place - day a dog rest lazily in front of a rotate fan . paddy be a bear of a man , the town bachelor . he plop down two bowl of brown stew before a wait and hungry Aaron and Priest , the gruel smell foul , taste fouler . paddy jackrabbit stew . never serve no man of the cloth before . hope you like it spicy , Father ! he stand over both of they , eager for a response . Priest take a sip , grimace , try he best to smile but fail hideously . priest . delicious paddy ( slap he on the back ) ` course it isl it be I ma 's recipe . as paddy jubilantly walk away , Priest put the bowl on the floor and the dog pad over , eagerly lap it up . Aaron smile . aaron how come you never come round more ? you know you be always welcome . priest I know . aaron after the war be over we figure you would stay with we . Shannon be real fond of you . Lucy too . she be always ask about you . uncomfortable with the conversation , Priest pull out a map , unrol it onto the wooden table . he move he finger across the paper . priest the pack head in this direction . there 's a reservation up that way so that 's where I will start . aaron if anyone find out you be do this -- 28 . of be priest you be my brother . Aaron nod . this be enough , priest ( cont ' D ) I will find she . aaron and you ' 11 bring she back to I . something in Priest 's face darken . he do not answer , not able to look he brother in the eye . CUT to : int . gun shop - day a shopclerk mop the floor , gun of all type lining he wall . everything from old Smith and wesson 's to the latest and most powerful hand cannon . with a jingle , the door open revealing Priest . the clerk smile . all he need be one look and he know -- this guy 's good for business . clerk good afternoon , sir ! how may I be of service ? priest I need bullet . clerk how many ? priest how many do you have ? the clerk laugh ... then realize he 's serious . clerk no offense , Father . you get a permit , right ? priest I have this . he pull out a sack of coin , it hit the counter with a solid thud . the clerk smile wider .. 29 . , S , int . paddy place - night hundred of bullet all orderly line on a table top . Priest site with he back to we , hunch over a candle . we be unable to see what he 's do . Aaron pick up a bullet , twirling it in the light . aaron maybe if I know how to use this she would still be alive . priest sometimes thing just happen . fault 's get nothing to do with it . aaron funny . I be the one who use to say that . you be the one who always say everything be God 's will . Priest take the bullet from he . priest I be not so sure anymore . there 's a knock at the door . Aaron open it slightly . it 's sheriff hick . hick Aaron . aaron sheriff . hick you mind if I have a word - with you brother ? a awkward beat as the two stare at each other . both know what the other 's think . priest ( 0.s. it 's alright . let he in . eyeing Priest , Aaron let the sheriff in , shutting the door behind he as he leave . the vibe in the room be uncomfortable -- Priest not even acknowledge hick . hick I be sure you be well aware of the vampire Protection act. ( more ) 30 . hick ( cont 'd ) it strictly state it be forbidden for anyone to hunt vampire anymore . C Priest do not say anything , he just keep work . hick ( cont 'd ) this day , thing go through proper channel . paperwork draw up . investigator call in . procedure follow . ( spit , a wad of tobacco ) ' course we both know after a week , girl take by vampire either and up dead or worse -- turn . ( thinks ) I be sure you also would not be surprised to know my office 's ' be contact . I be suppose to arrest you on sight . he pull a shiny object from he pocket , put it on the table beside Priest . hick ( cont 'd ) on the other hand -- if I go after Lucy there will be a warrant on mybead too ... and that will put we in the same briar patch . o Priest look at the object -- it 's hick ' sheriff 's badae . five point glow brightly in the candlelight . hick ( cont 'd ) we leave at sun up . Priest turn . a moment as each man study the other . priest why ? hick we be the only chance she 's get . Priest pick a bullet from the table , a carefully notched cross now in its tip ( this be what he 's be do ) . he snap it in the air . phhhhtti hick 's knife fly across the room , pinning the bullet to the wall . a thin trickle of gun powder leak from its case , spilling to the floor . the kid 's fast . priest how you with a gun ? 31 . hick better than I be with a knife . Priest consider this . priest I will be there . nothing more need to be say , hick turn to walk out , stop at the door . hick what 's with all the bullet anyway ? I think Priests do not use firearm . priest we do not . ( beat ) they be for you . hick nod , realize Priest be ahead of he the whole time . int . bedroom night moonlight stream through a open window . Priest place he bible on the nightstand and crouch beside the :.be , close he eye . hand clasped . priest we Father who art in Heaven , hallow be thy name . thy Kingdom come thy will be do on earth as it be in heaven ... as he continue the camera slowly move out the window and into the night , move across halbridge . priest ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) forgive we we trespasp as we forgive that that trespass against we and lead we not into temptation but deliver we from evil . we see the townspeople : lock they door , bolt the shutter , tucking they child in safely for the night . priest ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) for thine be the kingdom and the power and the glory , forever and ever . amen . and now the camera stop on a large shadowy figure perch on a nearby roofline . 32 . the only thing we can see of it be a duster illuminate by the soft glow of a lit cheroot ... the figure watch Priest as he finish he prayer and blow out a candle . silently , the figure take off . Flying into the night . CUT to : ext . wasteland - dawn the sky be brighten , the edge of the world turn white . ext . cenetary - same sunlight hit Shannon 's grave , the cross marker casting a shadow , the once glorious red flower already withere . Aaron watch the sunrise , some other time he would have be move by the sight , maybe even cry . this morning ... nothing . Priest be beside he . aaron you never talk much about the war but I know you see thing . bad thing . priest yes . aaron what would you do ... to make yourself unsee `em ? to make it stop play in you head ? priest I pray . aaron do it help ? Priest do not answer , the question hang overhead , a dark cloud . aaron ( cont 'd ) I never use to be much on faith . you know that ( thinks ) but then Lucy be bear . .and as soon as I see she I know . I just know -ï¿½- there 's no way something so perfect come from I . she be a gift . from god. ( look at Priest ) you find she . whatever it take . find Lucy . 33. Priest nod , he brother 's eye burn into he . hear the sound of a engine , both man turn to find hick pull up . hick do not mean to be late -- my deputy be a little green about keepin' the peace all by they lonesome . need a pep talk . ( to priest ) figure I will ride point . I know my way `round the wasteland better than just `bout anyone . ' without so much as a word , Priest climb on he cycle and kick start it , the engine revving to life . vroomi off he go . hick can not help but laugh . hick ( cont 'd ) ( to aaron ) Real charmer , you brother . aaron that 's just he way . do not pay it no mind . ( beat ) you just bring back my baby . hick nod . then he revs the throttle , speed after Priest . aaron. , . watch until they cycle be just distant specs . CUT to : ext . wasteland - day a series of shot as Priest and hick blast across the barren wasteland . they make a strange pair , not exactly butch and sundance : A. thundering past strange rock formation , bizarre shadow cast across the plain . B. a group of wandering monk , holy man carry offering to the desert , bow as they race by . c.- we.see a photo of lucy now stick to hick ' windscreen . CUT to : ext . bluff - later astride they bike , Priest and hick , look down at a valley . a series of adobe sit cluster in the basin . crypt . 34 . hick the nightshade reservation .. ai not nothin ' but red-out and reject . they be a fall tribe . priest either way . we have two hour to get in and out . hick what happen in two hour ? priest sundown . hick look up at the sky . the sun tilting towards the horizon . CUT to : ext . nightshade reservation - 60 minute ` til sundown Priest and hick enter engine idling , flock of chicken run riot underneath they tire clucking . wildly . crumble structure . squalor . hick this be how most of the reservation be this day . we see face peer out from wooden slat . gaunt , : lifeless eye . this 'are familiar . priest familiar be illegal . hick nobody really enforce it . most come from the fringe . drifter . they be creepy as all hell -- but harmless . they turn off they bike and dismout . hick step awkwardly between the chicken . a male familiar stand with a butcher knife over a basin . his gaze be slack -- more dead than alive . he pick up a chicken and chop1 off go its head , blood drain into the container . his voice a hiss rasp . S 35 . familiar good afternoon , sheriff ... Father . what bring you to nightshade ? hick we be look for a vamp pack . they woulda ' come through here a couple night ago . familiar nobody come through nightshade . that 's the way we like it . Nice and quiet . hick then you will not mind if we have a look around ? the familiar pick up another chicken . raise the butcher knife . familiar not at all . chopi the head clatter to the ground . CUT to : ext . nightshade reservation - 30 minute til ' sundown Priest and hick move through the reservation look for clue . Priest go to the nearest structure , two eye peer from a tiny slat . the crypt's familiar . priest we be not go to find anything out here ... we have to get into the crypt . hick not suppose : to do that without a warrant -- bami -- Priest kick the door in . we hear the familiar screech as Priest step inside -- int . crypt - continuous the light of the sun 's never be in here . probably should have stay this way . tiny bone - cover the entire floor . , excrement smear the wall . the crypt familiar cower - in the corner , shield he eye from - the light . his body ' fishbelly white and sickly . 36 . crypt familiar ( hiss ) . get get you must get master will be angry ! nick be grimace from the stench . he look at Priest , not happy as he approach a stone sarcophagus . running he hand over it . priest where 's the girl ? crypt familiar pleease please get priest no ? maybe you master will know . crypt familiar not noi the master cannot be disturbedi Priest rest he hand against the . atone slab cover . the tomb . it must weigh 200 pound . he move the slab . just a centimeter -- but the familiar screech . priest wh be be she ? crypt familiar ( sobbing ) please . please do not hurtmy master . priest you . master will be dead . he shove the slab more , the light ray hang just outside the edge . and now the familiar begin to laugh , a horrible rattling sound . something in he mood have shift . crypt familiar no , i do not think so . hear a noise , hick turn , witness a horrible sight move towards he the nightshade familiar about ten of they . Real night of the live Dead stuff . makeshift weapon in they hand : . scythes , slingblades , buzzsaw . 3.7. before hick can react -- a familiar attack , butcher blade raise . chop ! the blade bury itself in hick ' arm ! hick let loose with a mean roundhouse . plugging he in the chest . in one quick motion he rip the butcher blade from he arm , fling it at the nearest familiar the blade lodge in he skull and he drop like a sack . this guy move surprisingly fast -- hick be already surround . he hear a whistling noise as a buzzsaw blade knife through the air head straight for he . he duck , the blade whistling past , sawtoothe into the torso of another familiar . hick pull off he cowboy hat . activate a release . with a click ! thousand - of needle -- like teat ext e d for the brim . with deadly accuracy , he fling the hat : it flash through the air , day 'iwheeling around a familiar 's neck , pinprick he skin and finally whirling back to hick ' band likean obedient pup . a beat as the familiar stand , mouth agape . then with a wet SNAP he head roll off he shoulder , thudding in the dirt . hick fall to the ground , he wound start to get the best of he . he muster up he strength for another hat attack but before he can -- priest leap in front . block he way . priest not yet . with a horrible screech the familiar attack , launching at Priest and hick . blade in the air . 38 . Priest charge into the frenzy . a juggernaut . his movement clean and calculate , bone break around he with a wet snap , body thudding at he foot . when the dust clear , Priest stand alone ... and he be hold they weapon . priest ( cont 'd ) now we can do this easy -- he toss the butcher knife , it stick in the ground a hairline from a familiar 's head . priest ( contid ) or we can do this hard -- Priest fling another blade . this one plant in the leg of the familiar . he howl . priest ( cont 'd ) where be she ? the familiar ( cackling ) you be too late , Priest -- he point to the horizon , the last ray of daylight disappear . crypt familiar it 's we time now . we hear a low rumble from inside the crypt . Priest look at hick , a feel of dark electricity in the air , anticipation . priest they get you gun arm ? hick why ? priest you be gonna need it . CUT to : int . crypt - same time multiple shot of slab on each sarcophagus slide open . shape roiling in the blackness inside . the sound of dark , mewl thing . thing already sense trouble in they midst . 39 . ext . nightshade reservation - same time crypt familiar the master be awaking black shape burst from the crypt doorway screeching as they fly into the air . circle above the reservation like a nest of angry hornet . disturb . whoosh ! one of the figure swoops low , touch to the ground . give we we first good look at a vampire ; wet , white skin . insect click claw . Black eye . fang . more creature than human . the vampire cackle , sound like dry paper , its voice a series of tooth click hiss . as it eye Priest angrily . lead vampire what be you do here , . Priest ... have not you already do enough ? priest we do not want a fight . we be just look for the girl . the vampire sneer and as it speak the follow -- one by one , the other drop from the sky , flanking he . they be scraggly , a little undernourished . lead vampire look at we -- live in ruin , force to feed off the blood of animal . we once scour ' this land . we be warrior ... we be god ! priest you be murderer . lead vampire we be what nature make we . ( flash he fang ) I recommend you leave immediately ... you be not welcome here . 40 . one black figure still fly above . like a vulture , it circle hick . marking he . priest we be not go anywhere until you tell we where she be . lead vampire then you be not go anywhere , . if there be a tumbleweed in the vicinity this be when it would blow by . a tense beat then . . . Priest pull out a black book . priest , , yea though be walk through the Valley of the shadow of death x will fear no evil -- " the vampire laugh . fang glint . lead vampire --' you word mean nothing to we , Priest . and now we see the book 's actually hollow on the inside , fill with dozen of .little star-metal cross . priest 1 - 6 ( whisper ) forgive I . in one quick motion Priest scoops a handful , snap he wrist and the cross CUT through the air , head straight for the black figure . S t soueal . S as the metal ; it like hot goal through 1 err tc erina it apart , the piece raining ' down around hick , crash to the ground . and then all hell break loose . the nightshade vampire hiss . bear they fang like cobras and take to the air with a shriek . attack . frightened beyond shit -all - belief -- hick fire wildly , chase the creature with he gunfire . his bullet whistling harmlessly through the air . whoosh ! a vampire swoops towards he , fang bare , claw ready to rip . priest 41 . leap at the creature just in time , drive it to the ground . in one brutal motion he . straddle it , twist its head at a horrible angle . he turn to hick . priest ( cont 'd ) focus . and with that he 's go , roll across the ground like a boulder and leaping at two darting vampire . hick daze , watch as the vampire 's body erupt with death spasm , arm and leg kick the air in a violent frenzy until finally all life drain away . hick ( under he breath ) Jesus . another vampire careen towards he . come in low , crawl across the ground on all four . fang drip . hick fire off a mess of bullet , pepper the creature as it flail backwards screeching . he snap out the empty shell , reloading almost supernaturally fast , fire off a shot that split the vampire 's throat . he twirl the gun , flipping it into he holster . this leave only the lead vampire perched atop he crypt like a gargoyle , raging at Priest and hick from the depth of hell with at horrible shriek . in full fury , he leap and fly away , the sound of he torment echoing throughout the canyon as he vanish into the night sky . hick ( cont 'd ) should we go after he ? priest no need . he will the at first light . Priest go to the familiar still lie on the ground . they be sobbing , have lose everything in the world that matter . completely wreck . he grab one by the scruff of the neck . 42 . 10 priest ( cont 'd ) no more master . just you and I . he raise a knife , press it to the familiar 's skin . familiar ( frighten beyond belief ) -- the metal beast ! she 's in the metal beast ! priest make ' sense . familiar ( jabbering ) the smoke . look for the smoke -- sharp claw suddenly rip across Priest 's back ! it 's the lead vampire , back for more . claw digging into flesh . Priest wrench around and the two go at it . a fierce , feral battle . the vampire 's fang chatter inch from he neck . they body lock in a horrible struggle , roll across the familiar . the vampire 's claw churning into they body , kill they instantly . the vampire throw Priest into a crypt , smashing he through the wall , fly in after he . we hear the sound of a battle royale from inside . whumpi whumpi whump ! the wall buckle outward , sound like the fury of all hell be unleash . then , suddenly , and 'more disturbingly ... , 's â€ž g. hick take a step towards the crypt . gun levele . but -- priest emerge through the hole , exhaust , the lead vampire head in he hand dangle by its hair . he toss the head and it roll to hick ' foot , fang flash up at he . hick stare at the ghastly visage . unnerve . CUT to : Â€¢ 43. ext . nightshade reservation - later a giant pyre light up the night , feed with the body of both familiar and vampire , Priest and hick silhouett against the flame . the two be silent , grimly go about they task -- it 's obvious the skirmish have affect hick . Priest notice . priest how 's you arm ? hick lucky I guess . the blade do not go that deep . ( finger the bandage ) do not know what get into that familiar to attack like that . they be usually harmless . Priest find a knipe clutch in a dead familiar 's hand , tuck it in he waistband . priest usually . a beat as they listen to the pop of the fire . a tension hang between they . then - hick you do this on purpose , do not you ? you know we would not . be out before sundown . you want this to happen . priest you do not have the stomach for it -- head back to haibridge right now . hick glare at Priest . hick the stomach I get . I be in the ranger two year . even fight in the boondock uprise ... I see some crazy thing . horrible thing ( softer ) I just be not never see anything like this . priest killing a vampire be not like kill a man . they come at ' you like a animal . tooth for tooth . .( more ) 44 . ' priest ( con 'y ' ' D ) claw for claw -- blood , skin , bone . 6 they take all of it . ( beat ) if you let `em . hick study Priest , in the firelight he look tired . Old even . hick it come easy to you ... do not it ? priest what ? hick killin ' . priest it just come . easy 's get nothing to do with it . he poke at the fire , it crackle , feed off the body . something about the battle 's open he up . his guard 's down . priest ( cont ' D ) I take no pleasure in it . killing . I know I have do more than my share -- whatever they do to I I have it come . hick ( realizing ) you think they take she because of you ... do not you ? Priest stand . crack he neck . priest give I you gun . hick what ? priest give I you gun . hick why ? you gonna shoot I now ? Priest 's stare be pierce . a pause then hick pull he six shooter , hand it to he . Priest check the chamber , give it a quick spin . 0 45 . priest do not anticipate the trajectory of you target . know it . he stomp he foot into the fire , launching a glowing coal of ash into the air . Priest quickly raise the gun and fire , the ash explode , raining fiery red spark . hick you be teach I to shoot ? priest I be teach you to kill vampire . no more wild shot -- hick my ass I in case you do not notice I be pretty damn good out there ! and I sure as hell do not see you doin ' much when I have that blade bury in my arm . ( spit ) must have be too busy " focus " . Priest hand the gun back to hick . priest there 's always - two point . a and B. know the point and you will know you target . hick ai not nothin ' but a bunch of bullshit . priest I see ten crypt ... but only eight vampire . we find the miss , we will find - Lucy . ' what 's the next nearest town ? hick jericho . it 's clear across the Plains . gonna be a rough ride . priest then you better get a good night 's sleep . this bunch be easy , they blodline water down by man . ( beat ) whoever take Lucy be a whole different breed . he toss another body on the fire , tiny spark float into the night as -- 46 . we hear the banshee call of a steam whistle , sharp and shrill as we CUT to : ext . dunkirk rail - night a steam locomotive bear down like death itself , tooth of the behemoth 's grill leer : like a skull . thick cloud of heavy smoke burst from its blast pipe , rail squealing as the train race past . there be no window , just a unblink black juggernaut , midnight will into.a steel and iron frame . terrify . int . train - continuous as the car blast past the camera we see each be fill with row of black coffins . a tall figure walk between they , wear a black top hat and cape . we only see 12 im from behind . pale arm reach from within the coffin , finger touch the hem of the figure 's cape as he walk past . â€¢ a familiar approach . familiar a man come on board at the last stop . say he have something for you . the figure nod . we-follow as he continue to the back of --- the car , slide open the door int . dine car - continuous Fine china on oak table . the snake oil salesman we see back in halbridge sit , nervously , in a plush chair . candle light the car , casting the room in a surreal flicker . snake oil salesman you tell I tq come to you if I have any information . ( smile ) I have some . silently , the figure sit down across from he . snake oil salesman ( cont 'd ) but before I tell you ... and I hate to bring this , up -- there be the small matter regard compensation . ( leaning forward ) ( more ) 47 . snake oil salesman ( cont 'd ) now you group 's be real good for business so , of course , I be willing to cut you a deal the figure suddenly . lunge , grab the salesman by the throat , tooth click inch from the man 's neck . we still do not see he face . black hat I can smell the blood racing through you vein ... smell like dinner . the salesman start to shake . snake oil salesman ( voice quavering ) a- after you snatch that girl outside haibridge ... two night later -- a Priest s-show up . black hat a Priest ? snake oil salesman he be meetin ' with the local sheriff . a real shitkicker -- boot I out of town before I could make a single sell . a pause .. , . and then the figure laugh . the salesman not sure how to react . snake oil salesman ( cont 'd ) w- what 's so funny ? the figure bury he tooth in the man 's neck , take a deep , deep drink , have he fill , drop the body to the floor with a thud . the camera continue to follow as the figure walk to the back of the car , slide open the door -- int . assembly car - continuous a sliver of light land on lucy lying on the floor , she face streak with tear . vestige of the girl we meet earlier already lose . lucy I will not tell anyone if you let I out ... I promise . ( more ) 48 . lucy ( cont 'd ) ( nods ) 10 I will not even go to the police . black hat you be in here for you own protection ... if I let you out of this car you will be tear apart a piece at a time . he walk to she , face still hide in shadow . she start to cry , pull back to the wall . angry . lucy my uncle 's a priestl one of the best . hooll corn after youl the figure laugh . bend down to she level -- black hat I be absolutely count on it . and now we get we first look at she captor . a cross tattoo h 's adow he face . the mark of the Priest . CUT to : ext . cemetary ( halbridge ) - day engine scream Priest and hick blaze across the playa . a series of shot we watch as the sun crest the horizon and rise quickly across the sky . Cloud whip past at incredible speed , time unfold like a hallucinogenic until we be face with -- the plain they sit park on a bluff , the emptiness make hick 's eye ache . a more desolate view could not be find in all of hell . hick walkin ' Pete talk about this place -- say it . use to be really somethin' . everythin ' growin ' green as a goddamn dollar bill . ( snort ) . ' course we have to go and screw it up by poisonin ' everythin ' -- nothin ' pretty survive this world ... nothin ' decent anyways . ( frowns ) just wish I could 'a see it . 49 . Priest pull out a canteen of water , take a sip . hand it k 7 ) to hick . priest how 's you arm ? hick ( hide it from he ) sore . cut 's still open . as hick hand the canteen back , Priest suddenly grab he arm it 's completely heal . not even a scar . priest you be a halfbreed . a beat as hick look to the ground , when he speak , it 's in a voice just below he breath . hick my grandmother ... she be rape . nobody know -- it 's recessive in my family . no bloodthirst . no light sensitivity . I be not proud ... but it 's a part of I . ai not nothin ' I can do . ( look at Priest ) I woulda tell you ... just do not want you treatin ' I no different . it hang there . the 'silence stretch like a rope , then Priest revs he cycle ; a flurry ofdust kick up as he speed away . hold on hick -- eye sting , he watch Priest . finally he start he bike , follow . ext . wasteland ( the plain ) - day a series of shot as - A. Priest inspect a tire tread in the sand , a cluster of cloud gather in the sky behind he . B. a pair of cracked black goggle half - bury in the dust . the kind use by a motorcycle rider . c. hick pull a torn piece of clothing ( lucy'sdress ? ) stashed in a rock crevice , he hold it up to Priest , gunning he engine as we CUT to -- 50 . ext . wasteland ( the plain ) - later Priest and hick ' barreling through the dust . up ahead , something materialize in the desert -- a tin structure must be a mirage . hick blink , can not believe he eye . it look abandon . hick gotta be a desert rat . they park they bike about twenty foot from the rickety structure , hick step off he bike and approach . carefully . hick ( cont 'd ) let I do the talkin' . the sun have a way of cookin ' this people 's brain so they be not quite right - bang ! a rifle shot kick up dust at hick ' foot . voice ( 0.3 . ) hold it right there , mistert hick freeze . a beat as. the front of the shack show only a doorway hide in shadow ... thenan old man emerge , rifle in hand . he cock it , make a bead for hick 's head . old man take another step and you will be meetin ' the Lord directly . hick easy now old timer . I be a sheriff . the old man snort , spitting a thick stream of tobacco , . it sizzle when it hit the dust . old man ai not no law out here but my own . calm and cool , Priest shift in he seat , draw he gaze . the man' eye widen see Priest clearly now for the first time . 51 . old man ( cont 'd ) praise the Lord . total attitude adjustment . he lower the rifle and smile -- revealing a gap tooth smile wide enough to drive a herd of cattle through . CUT to : int . tin shack - day a dusty phonograph play a recording of a old - time spiritual , the record warpe from the heat , distorting the voice as the camera pan past hundred of homemade crucifixe haphazardly nail across the wall . old man clean the place up a bit . be year since I have any kind of company ' side jackrabbit but I know you be comity ' -- dream do not lie . ' ignoring hick , the old man pour black tea into a rusty can , hand it to Priest . old man ( con be I D ) most people do not remember what you folk do -- Don ' t want to remember . but I do . I know what you can do . ( make the sign of the cross ) you be God 's mighty sword fuse into flesh . one of the choose .. touched by his very ha no so peace could finally come to this cur sed land . hick snort . hick sound like a bunch of religious mumbo jumbo to I . the old man stare fixedly at Priest . old man now you tell the clergy this here be a authentic miracle , I want it register . it 's mine . priest Miracle ? 52 . old man the angel . never see so many loot soul , break my heart just to think of it . this be not no place for nothin ' divine . the man 's fevere belief unsettle Priest , he 's unsure how to respond . priest you see angel ? old man sure as chit . priest how many ? old man do not know , too many to count . hundred . thousands . some night the sky be so thick you could not see the star . his eye suddenly light up , remember something . i old man ( cont 'd ) here ! look at this -- he go to a shelf , it 's be turn into a makeshift shrine -- rw=ging through a jumble collection of crucifix , yellow photograph , collect junk . he pull out a glass jar contain something misshapen float in murky water , the old man proudly show it to Priest and hick . hick what be it ? old man it 's they spoor ! they would be flyin ' above and this stuff would drop from the sky like manna . hick that 's angel shit ? old man scooped it up myself . ( offer it to hick ) you wanna hold it ? hick back away , shaking he head . 53. old man ( cont 'd ) suit yourself . Priest still do not know what to make of the man but he sense something to be gain . he try change the subject . priest this angel ...di.d you ever see they during the day ? old man no , I reckon ' . that 's when they would go back home for some shut eye -- gettin ' the world ready for the rapture take a lot of work . praise god. priest Home ? old man the castle - .:, he : point out the window , far away , atop a craggy peak sit the -remain of a castle -- old man ( cont 'd ) beautiful place . wonder of the world . I use to watch `em every night , takin ' to the sky in all of God 's glory , ( leans forward ) I never would disturb `em though . God 's child like they privacy . he wink , smile that crazy smile . Priest consider the possibility of a lead here -- but hick just gaze at the old man like he 's nut as we CUT to : ext . tit ' shack - later the boy mount up they bike , about to head out . the old man approach Priest . old man wait ! I want you to have somethin' before you go he press a homemade cross into Priest 's hand . it 's a real beauty , fleck with color stone . a lot of love and care go into this one . 54 . old man ( cont ' D ) remember , a man come into this world with one thing . his soul . he 's lucky if he 's still get it when he leave . Priest pocket the cross , revving he cycle and with a final nod -- he and hick speed into the wasteland . the old man watch , he crack face squinting as the sun flash off the metal of the machine . CUT to : ext . dunkirk rail ( wasteland ) - day the vampire train shoot down the track , blow tumbleweed catch the scrub brush as it race by . int . train car - same time Lucy be on she knee , scratch she nail against the wood floor . test it . splintery shard come up in tiny cluster . from outside , .: the sound of a padlock open , a chain drop to the floor . Lucy quickly sit , make innocent . a servant familiar enter , carry a tray of food , he eye grotesquely roam Lucy 's body . Lucy smile sweetly , take the tray . lucy thank you . the familiar turn to leave . whapi Lucy slam the tray over he head and he collapse to the floor . she make a run for it . but the familiar manage to grab she ankle . knock she down , she kick at he as he hold fast , hiss . two more familiar run in and grab she arm , wrestle she to the floor . she struggle furiously but it 's no use , she scream as we CUT to : ext . castle - later a sad collection of crumble stone wall and turret . all the more surreal for rise up in the absolute nothing of the wasteland . Â€¢ 55 . Priest and hick stand , surveying the ancient ruin . hick can not help but laugh . hick ( sarcastic ) yep . truly a wonder of the world ... good thing we listen to the fossil . do not know how we would find Lucy without he . priest vampire sometimes use abandon structure as a perch . ( look at hick ) watch for booby trap . and with that he enter the -- ext . castle courtyard - continuous Desert shrub sprout like weed between the stone , once proud turret rotting to dust , everything bleach by the weather . whatever this place be -- the desert own it now . hick why we listen ' to that crackpot ? crazy fucker 's so blind by faith he 's batahit . that 's call a zealot in my . book . ( beat ) I be startin ' to think you might be one yourself . you ever think bout that ? Priest do not respond , squinting he eye . at the opposite end of the courtyard be a open . it lead into a chamber of some kind . int . castle chamber - continuous musty . cool. Dark . wall rise high into a cone as sunlight stream in from a open in the top . hick and Priest enter , step carefully over pile of ( garbage littering the floor . hick this be bullshit . Lucy 's be go five day ' -- every stupid minute we waste here be a minute more she get farther - away . Priest turn and see a stone staircase , uneven step lead . downward ... too dark to tell where though . 56 . priest stay here . if anything come up the step that be not I -- shoot it . before hick can reply , . Priest head down the stair , darkness swallow he with every step . hick great . down the stair the air seem thicker here , the darkness claustrophobic . envelop . it take a moment for Priests ' eye to adjust . a catacomb actually more a cave . mile and mile . twist , jag and moist . Endless corner , weaving into a dark and hideous maze . Priest head into it int . castle chamber - same frustrate , hick kick at the garbage . there 's something underneath . he brushes aside the refuse , uncover a . bunch ' of SMALL white shape , breath catch as he realize what it be : Bones . int . catacomb - same it 's quiet . Priest move through the darkness , footstep not even a whisper , head deeper and deeper into the labyrinth as int . castle chamber - samb hick be now at the chamber wall , 'run he hand along it , feel groove lining its surface . stepping back , he see they form a image - of some kind . hard to make it out in the darkness . he leaf through the garbage , pull out a piece of broken glass as 57 . int . catacomb - same Priest turn a jag corner and look down the longest , most narrow tunnel yet . a light shine at the end . a torch . flicker gently . a shadow brushes past the light , move so fast it barely register . could just be a trick of the eye . or not . Priest move towards it . it . castle chamber - same hick angle the break glass under the light , reflect a faint beam onto the wall , revealing a huge carving cut into the stone : 1l0z.j.pif .! i primitive but very creepy . we linger on the image , the terror of the people , the viciousness of the creature . truly horrific . int . catacomb - same quiet . just the low how ] , of a breeze move through the tunnel . Priest walk into a animal pen of sort , a hay - like substance cover the floor , the smell of something bestial . he , cover he nose , look around , something in the corner catch he eye --- two body splay across the ground like rag doll . he crouch to take a closer look ... wham ! something . barrel into he with superhuman force ! acting on instinct , Priest fold and roll . kick the thing off he and pushing off the wall for a blister recovery . whatever it be , it 's fast . quickly counter for every move he give , neither able to get the upper hand . too dark to make out what it be . Priest lock he arm around the shape 's arm , slab24 = G it against the wall , illuminate it under the torch light . it be a female priest 58 . of a beat as they stand stare at each other , unsure what to say . the cross tattoo cover she face , shadow fierce eye . every inch a warrior . time seem to stop for this two . they whole dark history they bend -- pass between they in one glance . priestess how do you find I ? Priest do not reply . she narrow she eye , suspicious . priestess ( cont 'd ) do the clergy send you ? priest no . ( beat ) why would they ? she nod towards the body , we now see tb=1re .- vampirz - corpse . priestess I have be busy . off Priest 's reaction we CUT to : int . castle chamber - same time hick look up to see the light ; from the hole in the geilingwinkinc_out . the sun be set . slip , he drop the piece og glass , cut he finger . drawing blood . hick shit . he wipe the blood on he pants , not notice as a a large shape loom in the archway behind he ... int . catacomb - same the two warrior eye each other , the. air heavy between they . priestess if you do not come for I ... why be you here ? priest I should be ask you the same question . 59 . the bestial smell sting they nostril , smell good . priestess there 's another one around here somewhere . priest where ? priestess I do not know ... but it 's not like the other . they be interrupt by the sound of gunfire echoing off the tunnel wall . Priest turn . priest hick . he start down the tunnel . the priestess quickly follow . int . stair leading into the catacomb - night hick be sprawle at the base of the stair , bloody and bruise . both gun point at the top of the stair something be lurking . a hulk shadow , sound like a rabid bull . we catch the tip of a claw scraping at the stone floor . Priest approach from down the tunnel , sense on full alert . priest it 's too big to fit down here . that 's why you be still alive . hick what the hell be that thing ? I hick I be not stupid . vampire do not look like that . priestess ( 0.8 . ) they use to . the priestess step out from behind Priest . startle hick . 60 . hick who the hell be you ?! ( 7 , she do not even bother to respond , . just shoot a look as the two warrior bound up the step charge into battle . Priest burst from the stairway leaping up and over as the priestess roll off to the side . he -land beside she , the two turn to face down -- the vampire a fearsome creature -- much more terrifying than the nightshade variety . bigger , more ferocious . the ancient cousin to the more modern vampire . the beast open its mouth and let loose with a scream , its breath vile . the priest Split up . the priestess leaping to the stone wall and climb up the rock . Priest go the opposite way , rolling across the floor , keep low . I the vampire with a screech , go for the priestess . crawl up the wall , hunch like a rat , talon ferociously . digging , into : rock . coordinate a attack wordlessly , the Priests make they move : the priestess let go of the wall , plummeting straight towards the vampire , the creature flashing its fang in anticipation . priest leap from below , darting up the rock , take advantage of the distraction , landing on the creature 's back and wrapping he arm around its neck . go for the deathlock . with a shriek the creature whip its head with crack force send Priest fly . the priestess , still in mid-drop , catch he and they both hit the ground with they foot . priestess should we lead it into open air ? more room to . maneuver . 61 . priest better to keep it contain . the vampire 's lather into a animal frenzy now , wail and scuttling around the circular wall in crazy pattern . suddenly -- with a stone shatter boom ! it burst through the hole , flying out into the night . priestess or not . they race outside . ext . castle courtyard - continuous the Priests look up to find the vampire claw around a turret , shadow in the moonlight . whoosh !. great leathery wing unfold from its back as it swoops low , come in for the'kill . priest dart behind a boulder just in time . the creature 's talon scraping at the rock before it soar back to the sky , he pull out he bible , grab and toss a handful of -- throwing cross cutting through the air , sparkling in the moonlight , beautiful . but they bounce harmlessly off the creature 's wing , knife back to the ground , imbed deep in the stone , Priest have to nimbly : dodge he own weaponry . the creature howl ! blaze straight for he . undaunted . Priest look at the priestess and fold he hand into the prayer position , leveling he breath , pulse slow as the scream beast bare down like a freight train ! the priestess quickly scoops up two large rock -- hurtling they towards the vampire . her eye lock with priest be as she too fold she hand , into the prayer position . ry â€žng goe black silence . then -- 62 . the sound of a heartbeat . the juncture between instant . a fissure . a bright flash -- we see Priest leaping through the air -- everything around he frozen -- the creature , the rock , the priestess . everything goe bi ck a bright flash again -- and now Priest be use the freeze rock as step -- launching he body until he be above the creature -- qur1um m , . q a bright flash again -- and now Priest be on the behemoth , he pull out the familiar' knife , twirling it in he hand -- everything goe blacx and wham1 we fuse back into real time as the creature crash to the ground . its decapitate head roll to a stop , face freeze in a horrible rictus . a beat o as the world seem to hold its breath then -- Priest land in a crouch , drop next to the priestess , she hand still lock in the prayer position . she turn to he . priestess not bad . suddenly the creature's body erupt into ablister death spasm ! talon clack like straight razor , flail dangerously close to the two of they . bami a single bullet . pierce its heart and the body collapse with a thud . once and for all -- dead . angle on hick in the archway , smoke come off he gun . he look at the Priests . hick Point a... meet point fuckin ' B. he smile , twirling he six shooter back into they holster . CUT to : 63. ext . courtyard - later hick examine the fall creature , poke at the carcass with he gun . in some crazy , distant way he 's related to this thing . he raise he hand , compare it to the beast 's talon . shake he head . atop the castle wall Priest and the priestess stare out at the wasteland , uncomfortable with look at each other . priest this be a pureblood . priestess we both know that 's impossible -- they have not exist for a millennium . ( beat ) what 's go on here ? priest . I do not know . a beat fill with awkward silence -- when the priestess ktï¿½ speak it come as a relief for both . a unloosen of thing long hold tight . priestess sector Seven be the only place I could find work . waste management . ( beat ) nobody else would hire I . % no applicable skill .&amp ; priest I hear that one too . priestess a week ago , a family camp out on the perimeter approach I --. told I vampire be terrorize they village and that the government would not do anything about it . priest do you go to the clergy ? priestess they would not see I , ( look down ) ( more ) 64 . priestess ( cont 'd ) by the time I get to the village it be completely raze . nothing leave . woman . Children . all dead ... they do not even bother to feed . ( beat ) I have be on they trail ever since ... could be the same group who take you niece . priest could be . the priestess glance towards hick . priestess do the lawman know what you will do if you find she ? priest he know . priestess he will try to stop you . priest he will not be able to . she pause a moment , regard he . priestess you know , some night I still dream we be back on the frontline ... I wake up , I be sweat ... my muscle all clench like I be ready for something -- but I do not know what . priest I too . priestess Night like that ... I do not go back to sleep . ( beat ) but on other night ... the good night I dream about other thing . priest .. like what ? priestess you . Priest stare at she , not sure what to say . lucky for he , the moment get interrupt by -- 65 . hick ( shouting from below ) - hey. you guy better get a look at thisl the warrior lock eye , know something 's be start -- but . unsure of what . they head down the stone step . CUT to : ext courtyard - moment later hick be lift up one of the creature 's wing . there 's some sort of black MARK on its skin . priestess it must be a birthmark of some kind . hick that be not no birthmark -- it 's a brand . the priestess study the mark , something about it make she skin crawl . maybe because it 's in ' theshape of a top hat . priestess there 's something else you need to see ... CUT to : int . , catacomb carry a torch , the priestess . lead Priest and hick through the maze , the deeper they go the more subterranean it feel . bowel of the earth . priestess I find this just before I be attack - a underground chamber huge . cavernous . we group appear as tiny shape set against the awesome scale of the place . hundred of large hole gouge into the wall , stretch as far as torchlight allow . a incredible sight . priest it 's a tomb . Big enough for a army . hick guess they be not as endangered as everyone think . ( more ) 66 . a hick ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) 0 but where would they go ?. we hear a loud shriek - and a massive swarm of bat sweep through the depth of the chamber , black wing flutter . priest only one way to find out ... int . cave - later we group move deeper into the dark cavern , a moan of wind echoing off the gorge wail behind they , massive black stalactite hang overhead . very creepy . they move quickly , Priest ahead of the other two . hick gaze at the priestess , admire she body . any man would . he work up he courage and approach she . quietly . hick be Priests allow to , you know ... have relation ? priestess we take a vow of celibacy at inception . hick can not be sure -- do she just look at Priest when she say that ? hick look ... I be uh , wonder --. how do he do that little stunt back there ? priestess all Priests can do it . hick include you ? she nod . hick ( cont 'd ) so what 's the trick ? priestess no trick . you just have to remember . hick remember ... what ? priestess time be relative . 67 . Priest snap up he hand , cut off they conversation , something strange up ahead -- he slowly move forward , the tunnel sharply drop , feed into a -- huge chamber not like the cave , this be more earthen . like the inside of a wasp nest , curve wall make of dirt and spit , Priest cover he nose and mouth as he 's hit with a massive stench . a giant shadow loom before he , we_do not see what it be . as the priestess and hick enter the chamber , hick cough , reeling from the smell , the priestess wrapping a cloth around she mouth -- the camera focus only on theirexpression as they take in the horrible spectacle before they . priest you say the next nearest town be jericho . hick yeah . priest then we better go see . hick . see what ? priestess -- what they leave of it . push in on hick -- knot of rope tightening in he stomach ... only now realize how truly black the path before he will be . CUT to : ext . dunkirk rail - day the night train thunder across the rail , almost obscene in the bright sunlight . a intruder from the darkness we hear a scratching sound , something scraping . heavy breathe as we move into ... int . assembly car - same the servant familiar slide the door open , carry food for Lucy , no tray this time . 68 . but she 's not there . he screech , drop the-food as he run to a hole rip in the wood floor , smatterings of blood around the edge . it 's not very big , just enough for a small body to fit through . the familiar stick he head through the open and -, - railroad track clack past at a furious speed , inch from he head ! the noise be deafen .. lucy ( 0.s. ) hey ... the familiar turn -- Lucy 's perch inside one of the joist lining the underside of the train . kracki - she let loose with a well - place kick , snap he head back so he catch on the track . with ascream , he 's quickly sucked out the train , pulverize on the track . Lucy 's cover she mouth , she nail a ugly bloody mass . she 's come this far , time to go the rest . she manage to carefully crawl from joist to joist , move along the underside of the train , she body just centimeter from the pass track . ohb slip catch herself just in time . her eyelid practically brush the wood . take a deep breath , she manage to hoist herself through the rest of the way finally make it to the caboose . she pull herself up onto the back of the car . now what ? the train be blaze past the wasteland at a incredible speed . only one thing to do . she make the sign of the cross , close she eye and jump ext wasteland ( edge of the plain ) - day a dustorm . the plain 's a shifting veil of sand , parting to reveal a vista of dune , wind shipping across they . 69 . as quickly as it open the veil close again , shifting to reveal our trio plow through , blast goggle and respirator cover they face . the priestess riding a cycle identical to Priest 's . in the distance we can make out a cluster of structure as they arrive at jericho . ext . jericho - day Riding into town . the storm make it difficult to see anything as they idle onto main street . it 's desert -- the only sound a saloon door creak noisily in the wind . ominous sign leave in the vampire ' wake be everywhere -- broken door , shatter window , overturned vehicle . priest we separate . go through each building , see what we find . hick I will start with the sheriff . priestess be careful . just because it 's daylight do not mean it 's safe . hick nod , tightening the twin bandoleer across he chest . ext . jail day everything be eerily quiet , just the sound of the wind . hick crouch just outside the door , examine spent shell casing littering the walkway . he pull out he six - shooter , push the door open with he gun , step inside -- int . jail continuous the place be a mess . dust blown in from the STORM cover everything , break furniture scattered everywhere , glass littering the floor . whatever go down here -- someone put up a hell of a fight . hick ' damn . he shake he head , head towards the hold area as -- 70 . int . brothel - same time the priestess walk in , flurry of yellow dust swirl in she wake , fill the room . if the jail be a disaster zone , this place be just plain creepy . Red sofa , red curtain , hell , even red wine . everything set up for a great time ... just no people . a piano sit nestle in the corner , she walk to it and run she finger across the dust cover key . it come up wet and red . blood . music suddenly burst from the piano the plink key play by themselves , activate by pneumatic peg on a rotate paper roll , fill the lonely room with tin-pan music . int . bedroom - day the sound of a record skip . Priest step through a doorway , the door already rip off its hinge . Broken furniture and glass . it 's obvious a family live here , child 's clothes and wooden toy messily strewn across the floor . he walk to a old phonograph sit on the windowsill , still play , place the needle back in its cradle . that 's when so=thing out the window ratchgo hiseve ... ext . jericho / MAIN STREET day hick , do search , meet up with the priestess in the middle of the street , he 's pretty disturb . wind howling around he . hick there be not nobody leave . nobody . priestess ( ominous ) too many mouth to feed . hick where 's Priest ? 71 . but the priestess 's already focus on something else , gaze at something behind the general store . he turn to see what it be . priest on the ground kneeling . head down , engage in some kind of prayer . the camera follows as they slowly approach , wonder what the hell be go on . as they get closer they see the full picture : before Priest be three large wooden cross , a naked body on each , crucify . because of the swirl sand it 's hard to make out they face but it 's obvious the poor soul be already dead . immediately the priestess drop beside Priest , join he -- and it be only now that we get a good look at the crucified ' face they're Priests . CUT to : ext . somewhere in the wasteland - day bare foot run on the salt -flat . it 's Lucy . cover in dirt , batter and bruise but chugge along . there be absolutely nothing out here , only lucy and a black figure drop silently from the sky behind her it wear a black coat , flutter in the wind as it touch down , the fabric cascade across the earth in long dark fold . the figure 's face be completely cover by a black cowboy hat . the only thing we can see be a cheroot stick out from where the mouth would be . a brief moment as the tip of the cigar glow , a puff of smoke exhale . it drop to the ground , silver spur make a slight ching sound as a black boot stamp it out . Lucy hear the sound and turn just in time to see - y I athick chain __shoot out from within the fiaure ' , coat . a huge metal_ fingered claw at use ! the claw slam into Lucy , thick finger clamping around she , knock she to the ground 72 . she dig she nail into the earth but it 's no use as the chain drag she backwards and she quickly - disappear into the coat with a scream . the fold envelop she in a dark embrace . in one graceful sweep , the Black figure leap to the sky . quickly disappear . we see the cheroot on the ground . spend . the only evidence that anyone or anything be ever out here at all . dissolve to : ext . jericho - day caught between sheet of swirl dust and . sand , the image like hallucination , moment of ritual and grief -- a . the crucify Priests take down from they cross , they naked body like ragdolls . B. the corpse now wrap in white cloth , carefully place amongst the makeshift pyre . c. flame engulf the body , a twisty column of smoke rise , the sun and cloud painting the sky pink and gold . our trio stand before the pyre gaze into the fire , it pop consume more of the body , if the Priests listen close enough they can hear the end of a era . hick do not make no sense . what be they doin ' out here ? priestess the same thing as we . ( beat ) someone 's draw we out . hick who ? the Priests just stare into the fire , not have any idea . hick ( cont 'd ) I imagine you will have to go back to the city , inform the clergy . a sudden silence . priest we be not go back . 73. the priestess look at he , he speak for she as well but she 's still shocked to hear the word out loud . a lifetime of conditioning .. priestess we will burn for this . priest ( look at the pyre ) we already be . something in the flame catch the priestess 's eye , in the char remain of one of the corpse -- something's glowing . she wrap she arm , plunging she hand through the bone , pull out the object . quickly , she toss it into a' barrel of water . it hiss , steam rise as it cool . Priest reach into the barrel , he hand emerge with a metal spike . hick it 's a railroad spike . my pop use to work boxcar before they shut down -- why the hell would anyone wanna swallow that ? a beat as Priest put it together . priest he want we to find it . it 's a clue . priestess where 's the close track ? CUT to . int . jail day hick pull a large map off the wall , blow off a layer of dust , draw a line across the paper with he finger . hick the dunkirk line . it start all the way in the backcountry , buy the ore from the deep mine . there be about five stop along the route . I think . he draw several xs along the line . his hand come to a stop on a particular forbode patch of mountain . 74 . hick ( cont 'd ) look like jericho be , the last town it glance before ' . head around the linwood Mountains ... then it go to the last stop . priest where ? he draw one final X at the end of the line . look up . hick the city . so there it be . the priestess narrow she eye . priestess they must have be pick up different faction along the way . move during the day , feed at night . hick but headin ' to the city be suicide . the sun will kill `em -- there 's nowhere to hide . Priest gaze at the map , deeply troubled . priest they will not have to . and with the shriek of the train whistle we CUT to : ext . wasteland ( dunkirk rail ) - day the night train barrel down the track , blast along on its grim trajectory . suddenly -- the camera overtake the train . snake along the rail at a incredible speed , leave the train in its track ( sorry ) as it blister across the wasteland through craggy mountain and finally end up in the city . and it be only now that we see exactly what Priest mean . thick cloud of industrial smoke cover the metropolis . there be no sun . CUT to : 75 . int . train car V - ) a black cowboy hat coolly tilt down , expose .a cheroot clutch between thin lip . a trail of smoke lazily float upwards . dark figemh a fine catch yes ? ( the voice be oily , a dark whisper ) she would be dead if not for I ... swallow by the wasteland . we see Lucy on the floor at the figure 's foot , he pale hand run calmly through she hair . from the shadow , Black hat step forward , look down at Lucy . she struggle but the hand tighten its grip . black hat what do you want for she ? and now she captor lift he hat -- revealing paper- thin skin , eye like black coal . this be rune , a bounty hunter . rune you know what be want . Black hat 's eye flick upwards , glint in the. candlelight . black hat do not. go too far , rune . rune he come for she still . black hat of course he do . rune let I have he . black hat no . rune smile , 'reveal a impressive set of vampire fang . rune ' I be sure she will fetch a nice price out in the zone -- they do not care what condition they meat 's in ... as long as it 's easy to chew . 76 . Black hat eye he . black hat do not get involved in this . rune I be involved long before you show up . ( seething ) I have be wait year for a chance at he ... and now that he 's here I find x have to ask a Prime permission ... like a snake , a finger of the claw emerge from the fold of he jacket , wrapping itself around Lucy 's neck . rune ( cont 'd ) my how thing have change . ever so slightly , the metal finger squeezy Lucy 's throat , choke she . rune ( cont 'd ) I never care about you war . never get involve . we halfbreed . we be exile -- reject by both human and vampire . all we want be a quiet place . but he wipe out my whole tribe . ( beat ) maybe it 's time to return the favor . the metal finger wrap tightetr , Lucy gasp , the " tension become unbearable until finally black hat Fine . he 's your . as if on command , the finger retreat back into the jacket , Lucy collapsing to the floor cough and choke . rune and -- she 's yours . he laugh , sound like a death rattle , drop the cigar to the floor , spur chime as he walk out the car door , long dark coat flutter behind he , disappear into the night . black hat annoy , pick up the still burn cigar , squeezing it in he hand . he turn to Lucy . 77 . black hat and as for you uy dear ... you be more trouble than I anticipate . must be you uncle 's blood in you . ( beat ) a shame he will never see what you ' will become . I would have love to see he face . and then he be upon she , saliva mixing with blood as he drink . CUT to : ext . wasteland - day roar1 we trio plow through the scrubby desert growth , chew up the dirt . the blood of they machine at full boil .. a series of intercut shot the vampire train chugge along on its dark course , head for the city . ï¿½ we 'crew hellbent on stop `em . the two lock on a fated path , blur across the landscape as the sun crest across the sky dissolving into : ext . wasteland - dusk twilight . hick and the two Priests ride past tumbleweed drift , the surround desertscape golden in the fade light . ahead a forbode series of craggy mountain , await , a winding trail criss -crossing through the peak . they stop , they machine idling next to each other , take stock of the huge task _be â ‚¬ore ' they . hick beggar 's pass ... it be not gonna be easy . as if on cue the last ray of the sun wink out behind the mountain . ext . beggar' pass night quick shot as they head deep into the mountain 78 . headlight crossbeam lead the way , they cycle navigate the twisty trail , cut across sheer canyon wall , teeter on the brink of a abyss , rock slide a constant threat . CUT to : ext . beggar' pass camp - late night they have set up camp for the night on the lip of a ridge . hick and the priestess sit by a fire dunking they foot in a nearby stream , the wear and tear of they journey evident on the sheriff 's face . Priest lie close by , asleep . hick if we push it hard we will gain two day on them . should be enough to get we a jump . priestess we 'need more than a jump . we need a miracle . hick that 's the funny thing about time -- he dip he hand in the water and raise it , let the liquid leak from between he finger . hick ( cont 'd ) it 's always runin ' right through my finger . priestess you should try harder , sheriff . she cup she hand in the water , bring it to she lip for a drink . hick smile , lean forward , something on he mind . hick you ever regret it ? bein ' a Priest ? priestess no . hick what about a husband , child ... a family ? priestess I have have a family -- just not the kind you be familiar with . 79 . hick glance at Priest . hick what ? you mean Mr. laff over there ? priestess he 's not so bad once you get to know he . a beat , hick 's expression become serious . hick he 's go to kill she , be not he ? if . she 's turn . priestess yes . hick there 's thing that can be do . she do not have to die . priestess she 's he bloodline ... and he 's a Priest . it 's the only way . hick toss the rest of he food into the fire , troubled , but he know there 's no point in discuss it any further ... for now . hick and how many of you Priests be leave now ? a long moment before she speak . priestess two . hick do not know what to say - , , hick . I be sorry . , priestess yes . she nod , though in affirmation of what hick 's be not sure . he watch she as she stare 'into the fire . we fade to black : int . vampire hive - dream sequence /flasheiack it 's dark . 80 . a group of priest ( our two amongst they ) move silently through a deep trench , moist earthen wall rise around they , the air putrid with stink , mud cling to they foot . last : in the line , be a particularly fearsome priest ... unlike the other , he 's smile , enjoy the action . as a cohesive unit , the Priests , climb up from the trench , scale through the muck . they find themselves at the base of the hive , look around at a chill sight -- thousand of honeycombs stretch endlessly , rise high above in a cone . thousand of sleeping vampire . our priest , motion with he hand to the other , give precise instruction , they movement well coordinate . he stop . hear a sound ... a faint but incr . a beat as the priestess look at the other . priestess they know we be here . from under the earth a hand shoot up , grab onto a Priest 's leg , pull he down . suddenly dozen of vampire emerge , seemingly birthed from the soil . the warrior fight valiantly . fiercely . but it 's too much . most be quickly cut down . priest retreat ! fearsome priest Battles like a tiger , grapple with two vampire , they claw at he throat , fang inch from he face . a couple of quick move and - before you realize how - the vanire lay dead . he quickly join the survive Priests as they run through the hive , a dizzying maze of muddy tunnel and trench . fearsome suddenly stop a black top hat lie on the ground catch he eye , must be the last remanent of a dandy gentleman . he pick it up , admire the souvenir . put it on he head . the priestess race by , shoot he a we do not have time for this ' look . he stop she , grab she shoulder 81 . fearsome priest ( wink ) what do you think -- be I a " dapper Dan " ? she glare , run ahead to join the group . fearsome just smile , take off the hat . fearsome priest ( cont 'd ) guess not . from within the hive come a mighty shriek -- and now fearsome start to run , try to catch the other as they scramble for daylight . the exit just in sight . at the last second -- he 's pull back by a clutch of screeching hungry claw . the hat still grip tightly in he hand as he 's drag away . we two Priests reach for he but it 's too late ... he disappear into the darkness as we CUT back to : ext . beggar' pass camp - night Priest waking up , breath catch in he throat . he look over to find the priestess work on she cycle , unable to sleep . there 's a tension in the air , the sense of something about to break as he join she . priestess why would the clergy forbid we from see each other ? priest maybe they be scared of what we could do . priestess or what we would do . ( pause ) we both know there 's something inside the order that 's off . even if we do not know what it be . priest with or without the clergy ... we be still Priests . and we be the only one who can stop that train . priestess if we survive this we need to expose they for what they be . 82. priest ( pause ) we win ' t survive this . she put down she tool , stare fixedly at he . priestess you scared to die ? _ priest no . priestess I believe in Heaven my whole life . believe everything we be teach -- and now ... when it 's finally my time ... no more faith . they take it away from I . Priest gaze at she , try he best to be comforting . priest whatever happen . .. wherever it be we go . we will go together . at that . exact moment something inside Priest shift just a little bit , a door open -- never to be shut again . priest ( cont 'd ) what in great than God but more evil than the Devil ? the poor have it , the rich need it -- and if you eat it ... you 'lldie . priestess what ? priest it 's a riddle . the priestess think about it . priestess . nothing . that 's the answer . ( beat ) nothing be great than God . nothing be more evil than the devil . the poor have nothing , the rich need nothing . and if you eat nothing ... you will die . it 's say that warrior can become close friend only when they see each other 's heart -- Priest now know this to be true . 83. - priest what you say before ... about that night when you be dream of I -- priestess the good night . priest yes . the good night . do you think maybe tonight ... priestess could be one of that night ? she smile . and then Priest do the most amazing thing . . .he smile back . thing happen fast -- he find himself plant he mouth on hers ... the year of conditioning , all the ritual and tradition fall away in a flash . and it be here , together in this place , where they feel like they finally truly belong . the last two . dissolve to : ext . beggar' pass , dawn a blanket of mist cover everything in a grey haze . Morning have come . a quick series of shot as we trio forges onward and upward , the trail more treacherous with every twisty ridge , the overhang loom ominously as they head deeper into the mountain . ext . beggar' pass - later the final climb . yawning crevice , the wind moan as it whistle between the canyon wall . carefully they ride across devil' bridge , a finger of stone , just wide enough for the cycle , on either side a straight drop to , oblivion . the peak of the mountain just ahead . 84 . the priestess be in front lead the charge , closely follow by hick . Priest bring up the rear , he stop just past the bridge , look around . something 's wrong . hick I - ee itl hick point , reach the top of the mountain . in the distance a long black line snake along the rail , puff of heavy smoke lining its path ; the night train . they be ahead of it . barely . in he excitement , hick thunder ahead , start the descent down the other side . the priestess turn to shout back to Priest . but he 's go . off she reaction we CUT to : ext . crevasse - day tall rock wall flank Priest on . either side , the surround mist hang in the air in cloudlike wisp . slowly he walk through the canyon , sense fully attune . it 's quiet . priest I know you be there . a slight sound , the mist whipping into a pool as if something just move through it . Priest quickly turn but there 's nothing there . a group of rock tumble down the cliff . again Priest abruptly turn but ... still nothing there . priest ( cont 'd ) show yourself . a beat as he stand in the ether , wait . then -- whoosh ! qurye - m onen . ieadjna straight - for pi= . 0 $ 5. just in time -- he dive , the claw biting into a rock behind he , the chain quickly snap back , disappear into the fog . ru11te ( o. S. ) ( voice like the mist itself ) I have wait a long time for this Priest . priest this be not the time to settle old score , rune . rune ( 0 . S. ) I disagree ... this be the perfer , time . woosh ! like lightning , the claw lash out , appear from . nowhere . Priest jump and it chomp into the ground where he be stand . he land on top of the chain , backflip as it retract back . gearing up for another attack . rune ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) you have lose a step Priest ... I never come this close before . priest I be older now . we can almost bear rune smile . rune ( 0.8 . ) not I . and now the chain come from a different direction , wrapping around Priest like a snake , the metal cut into he body , snap a ribt yelling , Priest grab the chain , pulling with everything he 's get . rune fly from the mist , drag by Priest , crash at he foot . the chain snap and Priest break from the coil , grab rune by the jacket , pick he up . rune flash he fang and scissors he leg across Priest 's stomach , the razor sharp rowele spur slice he flesh , tear the muscle , Priest scream , a hot rush of , blood stain the desert floor . rune leap away , landing ontop a boulder . rune ( cont 'd ) you can not outrun the past , Priest ... the thing you do . priest it be a war , rune . 86 . rune it still be he launch at Priest , duster flutter like wing . the two grapple , rune 's fang brush Priest 's neck . it 's a savage battle , Priest 's muscle and laser - like focus the only thing keep he alive as rune fly back across the canyon , landing against the rock wall like . a spider . hunched , ready to strike but -- the priestess appear from within the mist , already in mid-leap , she land beside Priest . the two together , a formidable presence . but rune 's a tough customer , he ready himself for another attack . ough h2 mist a single clicking sound . rune look over , see -- hick six -shooter point right at he . 6 a beat as the two side stare at each other in standoff . the air between they vibrate with energy . crackle . rune consider he option . rune ( conp ' D ) ( hissing ) another time , Priest . he skitter up the rock face , disappear into the mist . ham ! hick fire a single shot , the echo ringing through the canyon . rune's body drop from the fog , hit the ground with a thud . Dead . and now hick turn -- point he revolver at Priest . catch both he and the priestess by surprise . hick tell I you will not kill she . Priest do not reply . 87 . hick ( cont 'd ) tell I ...or I will shoot you where you stand . priest finally show you true color . a beat . the priestess look at hick . priestess what 's he talk about ? priest he 's a halfbreed . hick cock the gun . hick do not turn this into something ' it 's not . priest you have be itching to do this since nightshade . hick she 's you kin , goddamit ! priest if she 's turn ... she 's nobody 's kin . hick thing can be do . thing to lessen the thirst . she can have a normal life , she do not have to die . Priest nod grimly . priest it 's we way . hick and what be that ? some special Priest code of honor ? you do not get it . you " way ' -- it 's over ! priest shoot I and it will not matter if you find Lucy . you will not stop that train -- and you will not save she . the priestess step between they , look at hick . 88. priestess he 's right . we need to be together on this ... it 's the only shot we have . hick think about it , know she 's right . a tense beat then hick this be not do . he lower he gun and walk away . the two warrior stand together , the priestess gaze at Priest ... hedoe not return it . without a word , he head back to he cycle . she do not see as he hand touch he stomach . it come up red . CUT to : ext . beggar' pass - day the Trio blast down the rock face , descend down the mountain at a furious clip . the priestess look at the train off in the distance , it 's now much closer , pass the mountain . they have lose they edge . hick c'monl he gun the throttle and he bike blaze forward , wheel thunder across the earth , the roar of engine fill we head become -- ext . dunkirk rail - same time the mad clatter of the train as it barrel down the track . ext . beggar' pass day the assault begin . we trio finish they descent , blasting onto the salt flat wheel kick up sheet of sand and grit , spattering they face . the train dead in they site . 89 . hick ( shout ) you think they see we ? as if in response the locomotive belch a thick cloud of . black smoke , a door slide open from one of the car . a beat as everyone hold they breath , wonder what 's go to emerge -- vr0000000000 MI six black motorcycle ( the same one who kidnap Lucy ) fly out from within the car ! vampire cover in rider leather , protect from the sun , head obscure by blast helmet . Priest turn to the other two . priest make sure you get on that train , ( beat ) I will catch up . ' before they can respond , he bank he cycle to the leave . the vampire rider take the bait , go for Priest . they gun they cycle , engine . whining as they rev forward , they leader unleash a chain , swirl it above he head . with a SNAP he lash it at Priest , the chain catch in he wheel , the sound of metal grind as priest be throw ! his beloved bike flipping across the desert in wild arc . he hit the earth with a painful skid , use the momentum to roll back onto he foot . he check he stomach , the wound 's of enina t , }g xnora , stain he shirt bright red . no time for first aid as he turn just in time to see two rider throw a steel chain to the other , pull the line taut , ready to take he out . approach fast . priest 90 . at the last second , duck , grab onto . the chain , swinging himself around in a graceful arc and kicking he leg into a split . wham ! he foot slam the two cyclist off they bike and into the dirt . he land back on the ground in a crouch , the steel chain tight in he grip -- ready for battle . and he get it . the other four rider Circle Priest , surround he , the roar of they engine like massive power drill . priest snap the chain above he head , bullwhip style , lashing out . the sound of metal shredd as it tangles in Rider # 1's handlebar , the bike sweeping into the other , crashing in a tangle mess . with a snarl the fall rider launch at Priest . this vampire be different than the nightshade tribe . stronger , quick . squat body of clench muscle and fang . a brutal fight spin , twist , kick , gnash . body lock in deep combat as Priest fend off the ferocious attacker . War cry whooping , the other two rider continue to circle the gladiator , dust kick from they wheel . priest rip the blast helmet off he two attacker . with a screech , they face burn , body instantly slackening in the harsh sun . Priest crunch a vampire in the rib , knock the creature off he bike . in a flash , he fling . a helmet into the housing of the last cycle , the bike nosedive , send the rider across the desert . eye brim with renew fury , Priest pick up the cycle , vroooomi ! gunning the throttle , mod . rocketing towards the train ... ext . vampire train - same time hick and the priestess be riding right beside the colossus , the sound incredible as the car rattle across the track . carefully , they pull up to the caboose . 91 . priestess ( shouting to be hear ) you ready ? hick nod , maneuver to the side of he bike and jump to the priestess 's , he cycle crash into the dirt as he leap onto the back of the train . priestess ( contib ) I be go for the engine . find Lucy . ( about to speed off , stop ) before he do . hick nod , know this will probably be the last time he see she . and with that , she throttles forward , disappear . alone , hick take a deep breath , look at -- the train car door who know what horror lie behind it ? he pop a wad of atomic craw in he mouth and pull he six shooter . hick my.tuxn now , Priest . bami he kick the door in int vampire train car - same sunlight burst into the darken chamber , but only reach 4 so far , as if the sun itself be scared to enter . hick roll in , gun at the ready . it take a moment for he eye to adjust but when they do he find a series of old wooden coffins stack atop one another like cargo . he quickly move through the car , careful not to disturb anything . we follow with he as he exit , enter -- int . black steel enclosure - continuous design so one can move between the car without exposure to the sun , make the train a world of eternal midnight . carefully , hick open the next compartment 's door . , . int . train car - continuous it 's pitch black . 92 . the only thing we can make out be a large cage , what 's inside impossible to see in the darkness , just a giant hulking C shadow . its steady , hefty breathe let we know whatever it be , it 's asleep . hick cover he nose from the bestial smell , the cage take up so much room he be force to press himself against the bar , he body just inch from the thing inside . the twitch of black leather wing make hick stop in he track , silently praying to whoever 's listen . a long moment ... and then the steady breathe begin again . whew . hick continue through the cabin , finally make it to the door as -- ext . vampire train - day the priestess , engine at full boil , make she way up the train , eye on the engine up ahead . across the body of the train a long line of tiny slat open up , rifle barrel quickly emerge , snap into place with a click . blam ! blami blam ! the gun FIRE away , bullet blast all around the priestess , miss she by millimeter . she flick down a toggle switch , there 's a mighty roar , a massive surge of power and whoosh ! she rocket forward . the bullet chew up the dirt behind she ! priest seemingly from out of nowhere , motor up to the train car riding the vampire cycle . he grab onto a gun barrel and swing into a arc , lift himself off the bike and - ext . train roof - same time land on the roof of the train . hard . ext . below the train - same time the cycle quickly rip apart as it fall under the juggernaut , get crush , spark fly off the rail . 93. ext . train roof - same time Priest collapse against the metal , the strain beginning to wear , he blink up at the sky , close to pass out . suddenly a figure step in front of he , blotting out the sun . Priest squint , unable to trust he eye , he must be hallucinating -- it's black hat . he look down at Priest , bow with a slight flourish . black hat " and the third day he shall rise again . Priest can not believe it , see he long dead comrade , he face etched with shock , all he can do be ask -- priest . how ? Black hat smile , bare hi fang . black hat oh ye of little faith . the understanding hit Priest immediately , crash over he like a wave . priest . they turn you . black hat no , Priest ... I turn they . he smile wider as we crosscut to : int . vampire train - same time hick still hunt for Lucy , make he way to the next car . he slide open the door , step carefully inside , candlelight softly illuminate the space . he 's greet by a sight that make he blood freeze : dozen of OPEN coffins fill the car Long black box line in orderly row , flicker light bounce warmly off they mahogany casing -- the sound of deep torture breathing let we know the occupant be asleep . 94 . hick 0 ( under he breath ) shit . gritting he tooth , he walk between the row , quiet as possible . the interior of the coffin be dark , hard to see what 's lie inside , just that horrible breathe sound . as hick move past , he body brushes the wood , the space so very tight . wham ! the train catch the rail and the car shake , knocking he into a coffin ! jarring it . he stop . holding he breath ... but nothing happen . a quick hail Mary ( the man become more of a convert with every step ) and he continue on . he do not notice as behind hi a px rise from one of the , coffin crosscut to : ext . train roof - same time Priest and Black hat eye each other , landscape whipping past at a furious rate , the train blast along the track . black hat lose soul abandon by divinity . no belief , no voice to guide they through the wilderness . sound familiar ? Priest do not reply , warily eyeing he . black hat ( cont 'd ) lack of faith . that 's what I find in my new brethren and so it be I discover my true call -- to teach . to lead . priest by murdering innocent ? black hat by draw a once great race back to they " nature . by help they discover ' the mastery within themselves . ( beat ) ( more ) 95 . black hat ( contid ) by put they in touch with a higher power . priest who ? black hat me. something in the distance catch Priest 's eye , a black spec on the horizon -- it 's the city . his jaw tighten , he know there be not much time . priest so this be how you go about it ? one by one kill every last remain Priest ? black hat it be the only way . the city be defenseless now ... no one leave to stop we from enter we eden . but I be kind -- I give every last one the choice I never have . ( smile ) now it 's you turn . almost imperceptibly the two make a shift in they posture , the tension between the two warming up . two warrior steeling for a fight . black hat ( cont 'd ) it 's better to be with you enemy than to be alone , Priest . humanity have its chance . ( beat ) it 's time to make way for new blood . Priest lower he head , when he raise it , he reply come easy and without hesitation . priest your . we hear a hum molecule and electron burst from they orbit , the roar of the train gently subside as if the universe itself want to leave this two room to battle . and before anyone know it , they be already mid-fight . the slam and collision of body give way to the graceful sweep and echo of Priest combat . 96 . then as combustibly fast as it start -- the tableau drop . they stand , wind whipping around they in lethal current , Black hat have to shout to be hear . black hat they teach we God create man in his image . . . but they lie . man create God in a image -- and so , like man , God be weak . corrupt . merciless . he wipe away a streak of blood from he cheek . black hat ( cont 'd ) who do you fight for , Priest ? the order 's collapse . the Church nothing but a line of decrepit , ruin old man . charlatan . ( smile ) how do you think I be get into the city ? Priest 's face drop . priest I do not believe you . black hat you faith have fail you Priest . ( beat ) join I . join I and have the best of both world -- walk in the sun . stalk in the night . why pray to a God when you can be one ? priest with ferocious instinct , he launch forward , foot digging into the metal . the two body collide with th mic impact . Rolling across the roof , body twist to the edge before flipping onto the next car . the warrior rise , lock in a furious coil . as whooshi train car after train car pass beneath they . each leaping at j ust the right moment to land onto the next . but Priest be , outmatch . as they hit the final car , Priest fly across the roof catch the edge with he hand just before he go over , he body dangle over the side . exhausted and bloody . 97 . Black hat calmly approach , he foot dangerously close to Priest 's hand . the landscape below - whipping past at a incredible speed . black hat you problem be you keep look to God for - you power -- but I know the real truth . ( beat ) you have be praying to a empty sky . and now he swipe he foot across the roof , knock off Priest 's hand as one would swat a bug . Priest fall below , get catch under the train and quickly drag under . black hat ( cont ' D ) but you know that now . crosscut to : ext . train - same time the priestess , cycle at full throttle , racing beside the train engine . up close it 's a real mechanical monster , black metal and heat fuse into a superpower nightmare . the hull completely cover . impervious . massive piston Pump up and down furiously , move so fast they blur , turn the-giant drive wheel that power the locomotive . angry blast of steam vent whi the hot from between the wheel , just miss the priestess . she reach into she pack and lug out a crowbar , pull up to the beast and manage to stick it between the piston hope to jam up the work . the machine chew it up like candy . crosscut to : int . train coffin car - same time hick be almost at the door , hand reach for the handle . he hear a rustling sound and turn to look behind he ... but there 's nothing , just the open coffin . turn back , hick catch he breath : 98 . a vampire hang upside down from the ceiling , block the door . its red eye snap in anticipation , a shiny black proboscis darting from its mouth ! hick spit a wad of atomic craw at the creature . it rieksi drop to the floor , writhe . the sick smell of cook flesh fill the car . hick look behind he dozen of vampire be now awake . sitting up in they coffin , the foul creature all blood - eyeing hick like the dinner he most surely be . hick shit . with a wail , the vampire quickly scramble from they coffin , sharp talon scratch at the wood , snap the plank . desperate , he wrench open the door , darting into -- int . steel enclosure - continuous and manage to slam the door behind he just in time as the hungry being crash against itl a he wedge a knife in the door-handle , bashing it with he revolver , jam the door trap shut . he turn to head to the next car but there 's a thick chain and padlock wrap around the door , awild - eyed familiar peer out from inside the door window . hick shoot the padlock but no luck , it do not break . he 's trap . the door behind hick buckle on its hinges it will hold . . . but not for long . ext . underneath the train - same time Priest be still alive . barely . he hang in tatter , desperately cling to the undercarriage , face and body punch with bruise and blood . jaw set , he begin to move through the undercarriage , hand over hand , every movement sheer agony . 99 . int . metal enclosure - same time hick stare at the door as it start to break from its hinge . he train he gun on it , a feeble gesture --- but it 's all he 's get leave . then there 's a horrible screech . hick turn the wild - eyed familiar charge , attack from behind , have unlock the chain and open the door . he scream , sink a knife in hick ' side ! hick spin , slamm he attacker in the nose with a palm heel strike , knock the familiar out instantly . hick pull the knife out , blood flowering across he shirt as the vampire continue to pummel the door behind , he . he trip over the chain and stagger into -- int . assembly car - continuous collapsing to the floor , he press he body against the door to close it . he eye search the car it 's bare . absolutely nothing in here . a single candle burn : , on the floor , dimly illuminate the room . weakly , he cross the space and go to the next door . this one 's get a thick padlock too , . hick ' dam . he site on the floor , breathe hard , know this be as far as he go . gradually another sound become audible . hick listen , nervous . he hold he breath strain to hear . it 's someone else 's breathing . in the corner a hunched figure sit ... its back to he . Hidden 'in shadow . hick level he gun , slowly move towards the shape , the candlelight give he a glimpse of its face . he can hardly believe it 100 . hick ( cont 'd ) Lucy ? it be . that 's when he see something . glint in the darkness , just below she lip . something sharp . CUT to : ext . vampire train - same time the steam whistle blast howling across the wasteland , the train now racing even faster , furnace cranking out flame like Dante 's inferno , the priestess furiously keep pace with the engine , desperately look for a way in . there be none . she look up ahead . the skyline , of the city smudge like a greasestain , loom large across the horizon , right in the train 's path . she squint up to the sky , analyze the sun , make a quick series of calculationsin she head . trajectory . timing . then she look at the train . smile . she flick the nitros toggle one last time . her bike rocket past the train engine , speed into a curtain of dust . disappear ... int . assembly car - same time hick crouch beside Lucy , he gun train on she . she site listlessly , she skin pale , eye lose on the wall in front of she . hick Lucy , my name be sheriff hick ... I be here to take you home . no response . she seem almost catatonic . he reach into he pocket , pull out she photograph , show it to she . 101 . hick ( cont 'd ) I be here with you uncle . that get she attention , she look at hick -- and she look scared . whap ! 1 the car door outside finally start to give freely , metal break open . the sound of squealing vampire . hick run to . the car door , in one quick motion , scooping up the chain and wrapping it around the handle , tying it tight just as -- a talon reaches through the open , long bony finger swiping at hick like switchblade as he fall backwards , pain shoot up he body . another arm break through the small window , claw at the air , the door banging repeatedly against the chain . hick place himself between Lucy and the door , not notice as she eye the blood soaking through he shirt . hick ( cont 'd ) stay behind I . I will hold `em off as long as I can blami bl.am ! hick fire , bullet pepper the creature as they howl -- but they keep at it , the thick chain stretch tight , ready to snap . one vampire manage to scramble through , it charge at hick , fang glisten . bami with a twitch , it collapse in a heap , a well place bullet between the eye . ext .- the city - same time a massive gate , not , open for decade slowly grind open , a complex series of chain and winch scraping to life . the ' city now open to the approach vampire train . ext . train same time the scream of the whistle like victory as the locomotive approach the city limit , send up a giant plume of billow steam . 102 . the sky above already start to cloud black as -- int . assembly car - same time hick continue to FIRE , the vampire second from enter the car . he turn to look back at Lucy . but she 's go . hick Lucy ? wham ! a wooden . plank slam he over the head , knock the gun from he hand . woozy , he spin around to find Lucy stand over he , hold the plank above she head . he scoot back just as wham ! the plank come back down again , splintering apart across the floor . hick ( cont 'd ) Lucy , wait she do not , jabbing at he with the break plank , he dodge it , barely , but she keep come . hick ( cont 'd ) :71 Lucy , do not do this ! the girl 's just too fast . she keep push he backwards until he 's dangerously close to the vampire 's claw hand .. hick 's close he eye , know this be it ... a fist punch through a boarded up hole in the floor ( the one through which Lucy escape before ) , wood splintering into tiny shard . hick take advantage of the distraction and slug Lucy , knock she unconscious . he dive for he gun , scoop it up and leveling it at the hole , ready to fire at whatever 's come through ... it's priest he stick he head through the open , have be draw by the sound of gunfire . hick can not believe it . priest ( reach for Lucy ) give she to I ! hurry ! 103 . hick think about it , unsure . priest ( cont 'd ) -- they '11.get through the door any second ! give she to mee screech , another vampire make it through the open , hick quickly take he down in one crack shot . he pick Lucy up , hand she to Priest . Priest disappear with she , hick climb down behind just as -- the chain finally snap and the door burst open with screeching vampire ! hick blast away but there 's too many of they , they keep come . he drop into the hole -- ext . underneath the train - continuous landing in the undercarriage . come face to face with the speed track , everything shaking like a earthquake . a vampire jab its head through the hole , tooth chatter -- but the creature can not go any further , the sunlight already make its skin smoke . on he back , hick worm he way down , . follow priest.as they climb up a ladder attach to the side of the train . ext . train continuous ' they work they way up the side , make it to the roof , exhaust . Priest carry the still unconscious Lucy . hick we should jump ! priest not until we stop the train but now hick be not even look at he , he attention catch up in the horrible sight wait ahead of they . hick ( swallows ) too late . the cityscape 104 . t tower above as the train approach , so close the smell of sulphur and carbon clog they nose . but that 's when something catch hick ' eye ... up ahead on the track -- someone stand . await the train . it's the priestess -- stand defiant as the train barrel towards she . a ant in front of a battleship . she see hick and Priest - on top of the train , Lucy with they . take one last look at Priest -- she smile . and spread she arm open . on priest horrify , realize what she 's go to do ... and powerless to stop she . priest what happen next happen fast : Priest grab hick , fold he body around both he and Lucy , hand come together in prayer , foot leave the train as -- E eryth ggas black the sound of a heartbeat . a threshold . a zone of transition . a bright flash -- we see the train collide with the . priestess . the massive grill of the engine crumpling around her as if smash into a building . she do not move . a bright flash -- one by one the train car slam into each other , the car jumping the rail . mmmm gqes black a bright flash -- and now Priest be fall through the air , he body shield hick and Lucy , train care skip across the earth , careen through the air . 105 . and wham ! we fuse back into real time as train car crash down , sheet of dust clouding the sky in a roiling storm of debris and shrapnel , until finally ... it all come to a stop . it 's quiet . we move through the swirl sand until we find -- priest he stand , bruise and bloody , stare at the sky . watch . a daze hick beside he , Lucy in he arm as she come to . a horrendous screech fill the air . led by the pureblood , hundred of vampire fly out from within the break car , take to the sky in a massive black swarm , tangling together in flow shape . beautiful . terrify . then in one horrible instant -- they turn as if guide by a unseen hand , fly towards the city . sense the blood that await . hick ( horrified ) they be gonna make it . the creature arctoward the metropolis , the city within there reach : Priest study the sky and all at once ... he know . priest no , they be not . the SUN punch through the teeming mass . a few ray at first , but then more and more , - crack through the black tide like shattered glass . hick ' eye , widen , witness a amazing eight as the vampire ' body collectively blacken and shrivel the swarm wither ... quickly become nothing more than husk . float black kite . hick and Priest stand , surround by the epic destruction , fire and smoke casting everything in a surreal haze . 106 . hick you know they would not make it . a long time before Priest answer . priest she know . he turn to the engine -- its grin tooth grill cave in as if smashed by the very hand of God . the priestess lies before it . somehow not a scratch on she ... but something 's wrong -- something inside she break , something elemental . she do not have much time . Priest kneel beside she , take she hand . try to be strong for she . priest ( cont 'd ) do you want I to ? priestess o Priest lower he head . the follow have be speak by he all too often . priest " you shall wash I and I shall be make whiter than snow . glory be to the Father and to the Son and to the Holy Spirit ... the word be heavy , each harder than the next . priest ( cont 'd ) -- as it be in the beginning , be now and ever shall be . World without end . " ( beat ) amen . in the distance a figure escape through the dust , lurching towards the city , -- it 's Black hat . priest see he but choose to stay with the priestess , brush the hair from she face . 107 . priestess I wish we could have have more time . priest . I too . she reach up , place she hand on he chest . priestess wherever it be we go -- we go together , right ? she smile weakly ... but Priest can see she 's scared . he give she one last kiss , cradling she body , sand circle they as she draw she final breath . CUT to : ext . the wasteland - dusk the sun set on the horizon . a nearby pyre consume the last of the priestess ' body as Priest saddle up on a vampire bike , the flame rise behind he . hick approach , Lucy huddle in a blanket , shiver . the two man exchange a look , the snap and flash of the fire reflect in they eye . hick when you be finish -- you know where to find I . a tense beat then Priest gun the engine . hick and Lucy watch as he blaze towards the city , the sky above the color of hellfire . CUT to : ext . the city night the sound of a choir . the soar , ethereal tone carry we through the forest of brick smokestack -- finally come to rest on a giant cross atop a mosaic basillica , the color tile black with ash . we be back in clergy CITY . 108 . int . clergy cathedral - night even mass . the place be pack , every pew fill with worshiper . crosscut to. , int . clergy chamber - same shadows and light . a cabal of monsignor stand shroud in white robe , await to be anoint by orelas . a private ceremony . crosscut to : int . cathedral - same a line of child kneel before the altar , the monsignor raise the host , offer communion . he suddenly stop , he expression drop as priest slowly make he way down the aisle , bruise and bloody , he very presence a direct affront to this place . a woman gasp , somebody faint . crosscut to : int . chamber - same orelas dip he hand in water , touch a monsignor 's forehead . orelas ecce agnes dei , ecce qui tollit peccata mundi . there's a loud crash everyone turn to see the massive chamber door bursting inwards ! the body of two guard skid across the marble floor . priest enter the chamber a true force of nature now , come like the fourth horseman . grief and betrayal stoke he anger higher , a blaze ignite behind he eye . black hat 109 . step from the shadow . deep wound line he face , the cross tattoo now gouge and distort with blood -- he smile . black hat I be afraid you be too late , Priest . the monsignor shed they robe , revealing fresh bite mark on they neck . orelas ' new -found fang glint in the candlelight . orelas and why should not we live forever ? ( hiss ) we be God 's very voice . his vessel ! priest stands shell shocked , the level of betrayal staggering . black hat attack slamming .into he , the two warrior go at it in a brutal battle , the vampire rake he claw across Priest 's face , draw blood . priest send he sailing through the air , Black hat crash into a collection of candle holder , a ancient tapestry catch fire , flame quickly spread to the other fabric -- the chamber erupting in a orange blaze ! the monsignor shriek body contort in grotesque shape as they become . Black hat stand triumphant , flame rise behind he . black hat with they I can start anew ! you can not stop it -- ( smile ) must be God 's will . he fly across the room , barreling into Priest with everything he 's get , digging a hand into Priest 's wound . black hat ( cont 'd ) " I look and beheld a pale horse and his name that sit on he be death " -- 110 . Priest cough up blood . Black hat smile , wrapping a hand around Priest 's . throat , lifting he off the floor , squeezing the life from he , black hat ( cont 'd ) " and all hell follow with he . " he raise he head back , ready to sink he tooth . Priest too exhaust to fight back . this be it . prom a b= -- the giant gold cross break from the wall with a groan , plummeting towards they . Black hat stop , he eye snap upward . at the last second -- priest wrench himself from , Black hat 's grip , tumble . across the floor . whapi the cross S lm onto Black hat , pulverize hi ! Â€¢ chunks of glass and stone rain down around Priest , the chamber start to collapse . dive , he barely make it out , the rotunda .crashing down behind he . , the monsignor lunge but Priest manage to jam the door shut , lock they in . they bash against the door , shrieking horribly , the chamber now a oven . Priest press against the door , it splinter all around he , the terrible sound rising until finally it stop . priest ( whisper ) forgive I . he collapse , make the sign of the cross . CUT to : ext . clergy cathedral - moment later complete chaos . people stream out of the massive doorway , stampede down the stair , the giant structure envelop in smoke and flame . Priest look up to find father koeppen . the old man stare .at he . a lose soul . koeppen be I next ? Priest approach -- koeppen close he eye , ready for the blow he know be to come . but Priest only lift the man 's head , study he neck . he 's clean . and without a single word -- Priest just walk away . when koeppen open he eye , he 's a new man -- a man absolve . with renew energy , he look to the crowd around he . and for the first moment in a long time ... he believe . koeppen ( cont 'd ) ( calling out ) people do not run ! God be here for youl he want you to stopi stop and ask yourself a question and the people do stop , look to he , the panic leave they eye ... koeppen ( cont 'd ) ask yourselves -- where be I go ? at this , Priest turn , the question catch he as well . and it 's only now he realize -- he have no answer . CUT to : ext . outpost 10 - dawn the windmill . its rusty blade scrape along , the metal catch the first ray of the day . aaron pace be already up , work on rebuild he house . he stop , gaze off in the distance . 112 . on the horizon a cycle . two black specs riding it . hick and Lucy . drop he tool , he run to meet it . CUT to : int . outpost 10 - several day later - night time have pass . the moon shine through a open doorway . Lucy lie in bed , Aaron spoon feed she a warm broth . he smile , Lucy reluctant to smile back , still uncomfortable with she tooth . but eventually -- for she father ... she manage it . hick leans against the backwall watch . Lucy glance he way ... then shyly look away . aaron I can not thank you enough for what you have do , sheriff . T I hick just make sure she keep on the tea . it 's a special brew -- lessen the bloodthirst ... something my granddad teach I . Aaron nod hopefully , squeezing he . daughter 's hand . CUT to : ext . outpost 10 - later a full moon . hick stand on the porch , enjoy the breeze as he pop a wad of chaw in he mouth . a movement out in the darkness catch he attention . in the distance a figure stands astride a motorcycle , shadow in the moonlight . 0 113. hick approach , the wind kick up , whistling through the emptiness . even though he can not see he -- hick know who it be . hick it do not have to be like this . Priest just stand , stare . hick 's hand curl around the revolver . Priest look to the cabin , the challenge hang in the air then he step from the bike , advance towards hick . hick pull he gun , leveling it . Priest keep come , the wind blow harder as he approach . a feel of inevitability . hick stand he ground , cock he gun . hick ( cont 'd ) d= I t- - make dq this . priest stare into he eye and -- something pass between they something so strong and personal it transcend emotion . hick fire ! but Priest be pone . hick look around -- there 's no sign of he , not even the bike . hick ( cont 'd ) ( realizing ) shit he race back to the cabin ... int . outpost 10 - same hick burst through the doorway , find lucy and aaron 114 . sitting peacefully on the bed together , just as he leave they . Aaron hold up the cup , turn it over . aaron all do . ( beat ) we hear you fire you gun . be everything ok ? a beat -- then hick nod . hick nothing to worry about , just a coyote . Aaron smile , happy enough to be with Lucy . aaron well ... we be all God 's creature . hick turn , ready to leave , but something on the table catch he eye the desert rat ' S homemade cross he pick it up , turn it in he hand , the color stone 0 catch the moonlight ... how the hell do it get there ? aaron ( cont 'd ) do not forget you cross -- it 's beautiful . a flicker of a smile cross hick 's face , realize . hick actually -- ( beat ) I think it 's for you ... and Lucy . CUT to : ext . wasteland - night alone in the darkness , Priest sit on he cycle , he hand clutching the well - worn photo of the pace family . his eye shift , gaze into the distance at the outpost , a warm glow emanate from within the cabin . he place the photo in he pocket . the wind make a high , lonely sound . vrr00000 MI 115 . Priest streak into the night , bath in moonlight , desolation open around he . he disappear into the emptiness . CUT to : ext . wasteland - night the vampire train . a car lie half - bury in the sand , mangle cage within . a black claw emerge from inside , clamping onto metal , something drag itself out into the moonlight . it 's a pureblood . with a screech it take to the night sky , massive black wing flutter , arcing towards the twinkle metropolis . fade out