primary evidence script primary evidence fade in : ext . manhattan STREET - high angle - night the East Village -- a part of New York 's lower East side . at this hour the street be almost empty . it 's unusually chilly for early autumn and steam rise from the occasional manhole cover . there be a faint flicker from a neon sign in the distance . we move in toward a tenement building , completely dark except for a single light window . closer on the light window . we can see a man in blue jeans cross the room , switch on a television set and flop down in a bed . int . tenement apartment - night the opposite of clean and neat . box pile high , a generally dishevel atmosphere . on the wall , movie size poster of Jack webb , Frank lovejoy , Eddie Constantine . the man in blue jeans , alex rada , be watch etouch of evilr on television . ( it be the scene in which Orson Welles wander into a seedy mexican bordello run by marlene Dietrich ) . rada fluff up a pillow , toss it behind he head and watch the action on screen . close on the television screen welle " have you forget you old friend ? " dietrich " I tell you we be close . " welle " I be hank quinlin . " dietrich " ... I do not recognize you . you should lay off that candy bar . " welle " it 's either the candy or the hootch . I must say I wish it be you chili I be get fat on . anyway , you be sure look good . " Dietrich stare , a cigarette dangle from she lip . dietrich " ... you be a mess , honey . " on this , rada move into frame , switch off the tv . another angle by the night table -- rada reach for a wrinkle newspaper . he sit precariously on the edge of the bed , the paper rest on he leg as he gaze off at nothing in particular . holding up the newspaper now , hand outstretch try to read it . he 's obviously have trouble focus -- a man in need of glass . a few more moment . squint . he toss it aside . we now see Alex close up for the first time . he be sandy - haire , rudely handsome , still young -- but it be youth tempere by a kind of batter dignity . int . kitchen Light from the bedroom filter in to illuminate the room . Alex move toward the refrigerator , open it . very little inside . we be strike by the freezer , it approximate the Antarctic ice pack . there be something in there all right , but the cake ice will not not relinquish it . his foot brace against the bottom of the refrigerator for leverage , he yank and tug at some freeze thing . can not dislodge it . finally give up . move around the kitchen . Alex trip over something large and pliable . we hear a groan . alex shit , Victor , be you still here ? int . lynch headquarters - grand hyatt HOTEL ballroom - night balloon . lot of noise . a political rally be in progress . on the platform , a woman in she mid fourty acknowledge the cheer of the crowd . she wear a well - tailore outfit and a politician 's smile . this be delaney lynch , the new senatorial candidate of the New York State Democratic party . she move to the podium . tremendous enthusiasm . the band strike up happy day be here again . delaney ( look around , milk it for all it 's worth ) well ... it 's be a long night ... and a tough primary ... but we have finally make it . a roar from the crowd . another angle - behind the podium delaney Lynch 's inner circle : PAT cadell , david garth type . also some acolyte . hangers on . they be beam , applaud fervently . we move through this group , hold on frank willis , press spokesman for delaney Lynch . he look tired , but we be not sure if it 's from the long night or the tough live . angle adjust to include professor katharine raine . she be stand next to Frank Willis and they exchange a know wink , a savvy nod . katharine be a good ten year young than the rest of delaney Lynch 's set . her look and manner , like she academic credential , be impeccable . the crowd as though it be New Year 's Eve . delaney lynch step back and bring she husband alfred to the podium . at fifty - five he be a Wall Street don , and a power in this city . she kiss he . they wave to the crowd . delaney raise Alfred 's arm above he head in a gesture of triumph , almost as though he , too , be on the ticket . frank willis and katharine raine Frank lean in toward katharine , slip she a piece of paper . ( throughout the remainder of the scene , delaney Lynch 's speech will overlap and play under Frank and katharine 's dialog ) katharine this be all the way downtown . frank ( not look at katharine , but to the podium ) would you rather I do it ? delaney lynch ( v.o. ) ( measure cadence ) let we bring together this party ... ( more cheer ) ...to face the challenge before we . ( beat ) we intend to run hard , to fight hard -- and when we be elect -- to work hard for the people of the State of New York --- katharine ( above the din ) no. I would better go . delaney lynch ( v.o . ) --- we seek freedom , but not at the expense of responsibility . we seek fairness , but not at the expense of justice ... we seek peace , but not at the expense of diligence --- katharine Frank , be you sure ? frank he can find she , Katie . but , do I a favor , do not ask I if I be sure ..of anything . delaney lynch ( v.o . ) --- and when we sit in the Senate of the United States ... this time , this time , it - will - not - be - Politics as usual . cheer . katharine cynic ' till the end , Frank . ext . grand hyatt HOTEL entrance - night a limousine pull up to the curb follow by two black rental car . the Lynch 's chauffeur , jimmy doyle , step out of the limo , position himself by the car 's back door . he be in full livery , stand stiffly , cap under one arm . with he close cropped blond hair and boyish face , he give the appearance of a wermacht conscript . delaney , Alfred , and they entourage emerge from the hotel . although we cannot hear what they be say above the general clamor , delaney and katharine raine be deeply involved in conversation . delaney 's arm be wrap around katharine 's shoulder ; katharine be poke the air with she finger to make a point . delaney pause as a few photographer approach . she flash a smile and the ' okay sign ' for the early edition . freeze and fade out : fade up - close on two rows of button on a panel a hand move in and press one . we hear the slow whirring of a old elevator . pull back to reveal katharine raine , head tilt slightly upward in the direction of she ascent . CUT ahead to : the end of a hallway katharine reach a door , pull out a set of key , unlock it . int . apartment - day the mid morning sun slice beam of light through gap in the curtain . there be no sound as katharine move about on a carpet . she be obviously look for something . .* sun and no sound give a surreal feel int . bedroom she look under the bed . by the dresser . night stand . find nothing . she half look into the bathroom - not much chance there . int . live room check around again . she move off into the kitchen , but we stay in this room in long shot , get a sense of the place -- well keep , almost prim . katharine come back into the room , move toward the door , stop , one more look over she shoulder . she exit . ext . east village STREET - day travelling with katharine as she check a piece of paper , look to the number on storefront and doorway . she stop at a old tenement , the ground floor occupy by the office of ' the ukrainian freedom party . ' to the right of this fade sign , a entrance way lead up a flight of stair . katharine hesitates , take it all in . again look to the piece of paper with the address . int . veleshka coffee shop - day older immigrant . artist . downtown type . the veleshka be a gather place for a eclectic clientele -- a popular , old style eatery complete with a fountain and newspaper sell inside . Alex rada be at one of the table wolfing down breakfast . through the window , we can see katharine across the street . she turn to camera , then move toward the tenement and through the entrance . a broad face slavic look waitress trudge over to Alex 's table . waitress / lesia good , Alex ? alex ( still eat ) like always , lesia . Home cooking . lesia yeah , yeah , home cooking . Alex , we make some stuff cabbage . I put some in a bag for you , okay Alex ? alex Fine . she wipe down the table . at the cash register , father stefanyk , a Orthodox priest , busy the ukrainian paper , svoboda . he stroke he grayish beard and slowly wag he finger at Alex . Alex smile , lesia turn around . lesia Alex , you see in the paper ? they say a riot in kharkiv . alex can not read ukrainian like I use to . ( a afterthought ) do not you think the print in that papers be kind of small ? lesia should not lose touch with the homeland , Alex . maybe come a revolution . alex cavalry charge by the hetman , lesia . int . tenement build - day katharine be at a apartment door . a badly stencile sign in black spray paint read , ' rada investigation . ' she ring the bell . no answer . again . nothing . slowly she turn the knob and push the door open . int . alex rada' apartment katharine be in the live room now , although it aspire to be a office of sort . it 's as mangy as in the beginning scene -- Men 's close and general estuffr be scattered about . katharine hello ... Mr. rada ? see another door , walk cautiously toward it . katharine hello ? the door it swing open . a face a grubby , bedraggle face of a man be behind it . katharine startle , frighten -- she back up , lose she balance and half fall on to a desk . the man he inch forward . he wear a tatter sweatshirt with the word ' thank you paine Webber ' emblazon on it . katharine be freeze for a moment , but just a for a moment . she hold she arm up to she face protectively , raise she leg as if to kick out . we hear footstep on the stair . Alex saunter through the door hold a brown paper bag in one hand . he look to katharine , then to this raggedy man . the man ( VIC D 'amato ) wave at Alex . victor ( a ear to ear toothless grin ) hello , Alex ! Alex walk past katharine as though she be not there . he hand Victor the brown bag . alex from the veleshka . stuff cabbage . Victor open the bag , sniff inside . victor thanks , Alex . Alex pat he gently on the back , turn to katharine : alex and who might you be ? still a bit stunne , she gawk at this two for a beat . compose herself . then , as if to restore she dignity : katharine Doctor katharine raine . she brushes herself off . alex ( extend he hand ) Alex rada . sorry about Victor . get no place to go , really . he 's a good guy , so I let he stay when he need to . Victor be now sprawle on the couch , make a horrible mess of the stuff cabbage with he finger . alex ( cont would . ) ( to Victor , almost a yell ) you be a good guy , be not ya Victor ? victor yeah , Alex . katharine sit , take out a cigarette , light it . katharine ( without look up ) tell he not to drip . Alex take the hint , sit behind the desk across from katharine . alex Victor , why do not you take that into the kitchen ? Victor oblige . alex ( cont would . ) ( to katharine ) he fight carmen basilio once , get knock out in the twelfth . ( a beat , she 's clearly not interested ) be this a house call , Doctor ? katharine ( a bit sheepishly ) actually , my doctorate 's in political Science . ( a pull from the cigarette ) there be no message on you answer machine so I ... I would like to hire you , Mr. rada . alex ... for ? katharine I would like you to find someone . a student . my graduate assistant . alex okay ... what 's you interest ? how about she parent ? katharine she have no relative that I know of . just some friend at n.y.u. , that 's where I teach . they be worried about she . ( a beat ) she be special , Mr. rada , and I would like to help . I just want to know what happen to she , I feel responsible Alex be study she , realize how beautiful she be . he take a pencil , drum it the on desk -- he 's not quite sure he 's buy all this . a moment of silence . alex I have be meaning to get it fix ... the answer machine . try the police ? katharine yes . she 's not in any of the hospital or the morgue . the party line be that anyone over twenty - one can pack up and leave , and they can not do anything . but she do not . Alex still drum with the pencil . katharine ( cont would . ) she like to hang around the club , and bar down here . ( a smack of sarcasm ) you bailiwick , I understand . alex you say , she ewasr special . be ? katharine ( beat ) no one 's see she for almost a week , Mr. rada Alex stop drum , toss the pencil aside . alex okay , I get $ 350 a day plus any expense . if there be any ... katharine , stub out she cigarette , survey the ' office ' , look to rada skeptically . it 's Alex 's turn to be embarrassed . alex all right , how about three hundred ? ( katharine , still stare ) okay , we be have a sale , it 's ukrainian flower Day ... two fifty . katharine ( slight nod of agreement ) just for the record , Mr. rada , I can afford a great deal more than I be pay you . but I do not like cost overrun . alex Fine , as long as ...uh ... we understand each other . ext . WASHINGTON square park - day travelling with Alex and amy salomon , a young woman in she early twenty . Amy walk with she hand fold , a concerned expression . in b.g. we can see the building of New York University . amy well , she be not around very much . alex she stay out late ? like to party ? amy sure . but I mean I practically have the room to myself . I see she maybe once or twice a week . alex where do you think she go ? amy ( shrug ) I do not know , Sue be ... you know , private . alex how about she friend ? amy she mention some guy , bring one up once . Brian , I think . ( a sensual smile ) primo cute . alex how cute ? amy about as cute as you . shorter though , maybe 5 - 10 . Dark hair , blue eye -- nicer than yours . alex ( straight ahead ) I will need a picture of Susan . and I would like to take a look around if it 's okay ? int . dorm room - n.y.u. residence hall - day Alex be rummage around , open a closet , pick through some paint brushes on a dresser , etc . amy ( v.o ) I think I have a yearbook somewhere . be that okay ? alex yeah , fine . no parent ? relative ? Amy stride into view with the yearbook . rip out a page , hand it to Alex . amy a aunt and uncle on Long Island , they bring she up . Alex be surprised , both by she answer and the act of rip the page . Amy notice . amy ( smile , perhaps a bit too seductively ) that 's okay , I do not need it . she move to Alex , press up against he as she point out a photo in the yearbook . insert photo of a delicate , strikingly beautiful woman . under the photo , the name ' susan D. blake . ' back to scene alex do you know where on Long Island , Amy ? Alex move to a roll up poster by the wall . amy no , I sure do not . she call they a couple of time , but I do not know the town . he unroll it , take a long look . it 's a poster of che , the standard -- show gueverra in beret and bandellero . alex the two of you discuss politics ? she talk much about the reds ? he re-roll it , prop it back up against the wall . amy ( incredulous ) sorry ? reds !? this reaction be not all together new to Alex . he respond almost wearily . alex yeah . reds . you know , the guy who want to suck up you individuality . turn you into Robbie the robot for the State ... reds . Amy 's mouth agape . she can not believe what she 's just hear . really make a mistake with this guy . amy ( a distinctly different tone ) the poster 's mine . Sue be not into politics much . alex so what she do in political Science ? amy Sue be not in poli sci , she 's in the Art School . alex ( not sure he 's understand she ) wait ... you mean she 's not Doctor raine ' graduate assistant ? amy no . she help Professor raine with some project or something , I know that . maybe she take a media course with she . for a moment they stare , not know what to make of one another . finally : amy look , I have get class in a little while , okay ? ext . STREET - day shoot across a busy street , we see Alex emerge from a tobacco shop . he head toward a building up the block . int . hallway - administration build - day a sign on the wall read , ' registrar ' . Alex walk through a set of door next to the sign and we follow Alex into -- the reception area a large room with a long counter at one end . some student mill about . a open area behind with a few clerk at computer screen . a older woman be at the counter , a pair of glass attach to a black elastic band hang from she neck . Alex pull a pipe from he pocket , sidle up to the counter , smile he most ingratiate smile . alex Excuse I , I wonder if you could help . I need the home address of one my student . woman and you be ...? alex Professor raine . poli sci . the woman push away a small microphone attach to a flexible stand , begin peck away at the terminal in front of she . woman ( not look up ) Professor , you will have to go to you own department for that . slide on she glass , she read something off the terminal . a slight smirk . alex we computer 's down . Secretary 's at lunch ... and it 's sort of a emergency . she look to Alex , then to the screen . Wholesale skepticism . Alex push the smile . reluctantly she acquiesce . woman Student 's name ? alex blake , Susan D . she type it in , wait . woman there be no home address . there 's a contact . a Mr. Harry della famina --- alex just a second . Alex lay the pipe down , take a pen from the counter and begin to write . woman ready professor ?... Mr. Harry della famina , 1643 derby drive , plainview , Long Island ...516-KL5-1950 . ( look up ) okay ? alex yes , well thanks very much . you have be a great help . woman ( a aside ) I will bet . alex as he move toward the double door . angle on woman she look to Alex , to the computer screen , to Alex again . reaches for the microphone . angle favoring the exit door the woman 's voice over the loudspeaker : ( v.o. ) Professor ekathariner raine , will you please pick up you pipe at the registrar 's desk . Alex move into frame . stop for just a beat , then exit , close the door behind he . hold on door . SHOCK CUT to : a dark screen - we hear the gunning of a engine a car emerge from the depth of a garage . as camera pull back we can see a ' hertz rental ' sign and the car turn onto a city street . Alex be drive . CUT ahead to : ext . the long island expressway - day Alex 's rental move along . not too much traffic . CUT ahead to : the expressway - farther on the car move past a sign read : ' plainview - exit 2 mile . ' int . car Alex be listen to the radio -- the tail of a campaign ad for peter veress , delaney Lynch 's opponent in the Senate race . he push the button , get some fusion jazz ( maybe oingo boingo ) -- this be more to he like . about a mile down the road we can see a overpass . we hear what sound like a faint rush of wind . then , a sudden crunch as another car careen into the rental car 's side . for a moment , Alex freeze , not realize what have happen . he glance to the side , see the other car move ahead . alex what the fuck ...? he hold tight to the wheel , try to control the car . on the shoulder now , and very quickly the concrete of the overpass rush up to meet he . the SOUND of brake against the gravel . alex' car it smashes into the abutment . Front light smashed in , the hood bent damage . we hold . Alex emerge , daze , but okay . he look down the highway . the other car have pull over . Alex squint at it . alex' Pov the other car in the distance . he can not quite make its detail , never mind the plate -- just some kind of black vehicle to he . it abruptly take off again down the highway . alex' rumpled car he survey the damage to the rental , peek down the highway for one more look . he 's not sure what to make of this . Alex move to touch the car , run he hand over hood . he turn toward the road , then again to the car , he hand now on he hip . confusion . alex I know I should have get collision . slowly he get back into the car , slam the door . ext . suburban STREET - day Alex 's rumple rental move down the block . it stop in front of a house which look almost identical to the other on this street . int . della famina live room - day Alex be speak with a roberta della famina , a slim , self - conscious woman in she early fifty . she do not make eye contact easily . roberta my husband 's out on the patio . wo not you come this way ? Alex follow she through the live room and into the kitchen . roberta reach for a small towel , wipe she hand before ushere Alex to a rear screen door . she open it for he , but stay inside . ext . patio harry della famina sit on one of that aluminum frame chair hold together by thick strand of woven vinyl . his leg be outsretch and raise up on a square stool . he be a man who once must have be tough -- now he be old beyond he year , a distinctive yellow pallor to he face . della famina be play solitaire on a large outdoor table ... and cheating at it . next to he , a bottle of scotch and two glass . he look up as Alex step out on the patio . della famina ... I be a little surprised to get you call , Mr. rada . Susan again . Alex move to shake he hand . instead della famina pour himself a scotch . della famina you will forgive I if I do not get up -- phlebitis ... that 's not the half of it , either . scotch ? alex no thanks . I be try to keep my car on the road . Alex look around at the back yard , the separate garage behind -- pleasant middle class surroundings . he sit in a aluminum chair opposite della famina . alex Nice place you have get . della famina read Alex 's face for a hint of sarcasm . can not find any , but supplies plenty of he own . della famina you like it , Mr. rada ? built up from nothing . outdoor patio , mid-size Ford in the garage ... plastic swim pool in the summer ... now , how can you beat that , Mr. rada -- the american dream . he take in Alex 's discomfort , almost relish it . della famina ( cont would ) ... but you have come about Susan , have not you ? alex uh huh . you know she be miss ? della famina miss ? not likely . run off with some bum maybe . alex be she 's you niece , Mr. della famina ? della famina my sister 's girl . she and she husband die in -------- , remember that ? ( a moment in think ) ... he be a fuckin ' prick anyway . della famina set the solitaire deck aside . della famina ( cont would . ) hope you be get pay well for this . you be waste you time . the girl 's always be trouble . ( lean in toward Alex ) ... once , I catch she in the garage , put on a show for the local boy , play with it , too ... know how old she be ?... eleven . Alex do not want to hear this , do not like this man . alex ( press on ) Mr. della famina , have she be around lately ? know any of she boyfriend ? maybe , where they live ? della famina downs some scotch , look to the kitchen . della famina roberta ! ( to Alex ) she do not come around . can not stand she uncle . roberta come from the kitchen with a tray of cheese and cracker , each neatly top with a piece of pimento . she place it on the table . della famina be wait for she to leave . alex ( take one ; look to roberta ) thanks , Mrs. della famina . a tight smile from roberta . she exit . della famina I take good care of Susan , you know . my brother would not take she in . too busy with he catalog sale -- product fulfillment , they call it ... take he company public last year . do not give a fly piss about I , though . ( check himself ; empty the glass of scotch ) ... always flaunt it . she have no gratitude . gave she everything , and be not get it much in return . I be like a real father to she . ( beat ) a father have rights , Mr. rada . Alex bristle at this remark . alex I bet it must be tough ... be a father . beautiful daughter like that , all that healthy young man around . ( look to della famina 's leg ) I could see how she would give you trouble after a while . della famina ( a involuntary shudder ) what the efuckr be that suppose to mean ? alex hey , take it in the spirit it be give . Alex stand , grab another one of the pimento thing . start toward the kitchen . alex do not bother to get up . int . live room Alex be walk to the front door . as he reach it , roberta appear . roberta Mr. rada ...? Alex turn around alex yes , Mrs. della famina ? roberta she use to call I here . if he get on the phone , she would hang up . Susan 's a wonderful , sensitive person . naive in a lot of way . ( beat ) I do not know why he go on like that . in b.g we can make out della famina call out for roberta . alex ( soothing ) do you know where she be ? roberta no . she leave a telephone number ... in case of emergency . I will get it for you . hold on Alex . he really feel for this woman . int . east village bar - the zig zag - afternoon like most of the neighborhood , the Zig Zag bar be change -- a thin veneer of gentrification cover the seediness . hamburger on English muffins , nine ball at the pool table . Alex be plant on a stool , waxing philosophic with max , one of the local . stash , the bartender , sport a earring and military beret . he pour cheap vodka into a shot glass . Alex downs it ; he 's already have a few . close on alex a expression not unlike the one in the previous scene with roberta -- except now Alex be feel sorry for ehimselfr . alex it 's a great place . stash I like New York -- you know where you be . alex -- nobody hear about burma much any more -- that 's why it 's so good . okay , maybe they get bug there , ya know , that kind of cockroach that be as big as shoe ... hey , but nothing 's perfect . angle adjust max you do not need no burma for that . you come to my place , I will show you some mother roach humpin ' my sneaker . laughter . alex yeah , but here 's the thing , see . ( motion with he hand ) in burma , you can be yourself ... nobody bother you . there 's nothing to ... join . max Alex , you have never even be to burma , what be you talkin ' about ? alex that 's not the point , Max , be it ? I could do pretty well there on what I get. ( beat ) ... and the woman , beautiful woman in burma . ext . alex' tenement build we shoot from across the STREET . katharine raine step out of the doorway of Alex 's building . hand in the pocket of she coat , she watch people walk up and down the avenue . a double-take . katharine spot Victor panhandle on the corner . she move toward he , ask he something . Victor point toward the neon sign of the ' Zig Zag ' bar . int . the zig zag bar Alex still hold forth . alex ... what -- the last five , ten year maybe ? people be scared , but the thing be , they do not know what they be scared of . it 's definitely something , but nobody know exactly what ... and I be just not talk eherer , I mean all over ... you know ? stash it 's that ozone thing over the South pole that get I ... suck out all the oxygen or something --- max ( overlap ) --- no , no , the weird shit . you know , that people say be not true , but really be -- that the government 's hold back on ? like alien do medical experiment on people in they spaceship . ( beat ) it all start with the Warren Commission . katharine enter . she be backlit by the sunlight from the open door . they all look toward she . she move toward Alex . katharine the ever popular Mr. rada . alex class out for the day , professor ? katharine well , let 's see -- there be several phone call . then I try what you facetiously refer to as you office . Mr. rada , be not you suppose to be work for I ? stash now busy himself at the bar . Max quietly sip he drink . Party 's over . katharine look to she wrist to check the time . realize she 's not wear a watch . she 's flustered by this . alex it 's three - thirty -- you in a hurry ? look , do not you believe in take break ? katharine break be fine , Mr. rada . it 's the binge I object to . alex ( past katharine - - to Max and stash ) I be tell you ... burma . CUT ahead to : a table in the corner katharine be study Alex , not quite sure she 's get he number . Alex , sober up , nurse a club soda . alex it seem to I , we have get a pretty good deal go here . I pretend I be work and you pretend you be tell I the truth . katharine I have not tell you the truth ? alex oh , c'mon , lady , do not take I for a complete idiot . Susan blake 's not you assistant , she 's in the damn art school for Chris ' sake . I spend six year in the New York City police department , I think I can handle the mystery of the professor 's assistant -- but I tell you what ; I bet if you really look hard you could find somebody even stupider than I not to find Susan blake . katharine I do not realize you be so sensitive . ( hand under she chin ) low self - esteem , Mr. rada ? alex just cut the crap , and do not analyze I , okay ? we will call it a day , all right ? -- I prefer cash . ( beat ) you really like live on the edge . we hear the singing of ' happy birthday ' from a table in the rear . another angle katharine look up , glance over . Alex turn around . a group of four young woman , perhaps tourist , eat and celebrate a birthday . the kitchen door swing open . a man with fire in he eye rush out wave a meat cleaver , locate the source of the commotion . the man be clearly the cook . he wipe the cleaver against he stain apron , then , with a loud thwack , bury it deep in the wooden table . cook ( glower ominously at this woman ) shut -- the -- fuck -- up ! he leave the cleaver embed in the table . spot Alex across the room . cook ( cool and casual ) hi 'ya doin ' , Alex . alex and katharine Alex avert he eye , brushes away a imaginary crumb from the table . then with a pain expression , look up , nod in acknowledgement . katharine another friend of yours ? alex we be about to wrap this up , remember ? call it three day . and I would really prefer cash . katharine tilt she head . a small , confessional smile . katharine look Mr. rada , I edor want to find Susan blake and I do lie to you . I be sorry . Alex chew on the ice from he club soda , deliberate over the apology . alex well , that 's a start , anyway . we view of Alex and katharine be obscure by four figure moving across frame in foreground . they appear as a blur , but this be the four woman from the rear table . a moment later , we hear a door slam shut . alex okay . c'mon , let go . katharine go ? where ? alex I have to do some shopping . katharine you be joke . int . kitchen area - alex rada' office / apartement - dusk bag of grocery on the counter . Alex be put away a never end series of can goods on a shelf . can , can , and more can . katharine watch -- amused and astonished . alex ( not face she ) look , professor , I like thing simple . no hassle . I do a little process serve from time to time , find a few runaway -- I get by . I would just like to keep it that way . ( reach into a bag ; rummages for more can ) someone bashed into my hertz one - day special while I be run down the relative that you tell I Susan blake do not have . as far as I be concerned , that 's not a terrific omen . ( beat ) and it also strike I that this job be not hassle - free . katharine as far as Susan have relative , I honestly have no idea . and the accident with the car ... well , that can not have anything to do with I eorr Susan blake . katharine reach into one of the grocery bag , hand Alex a couple of the can . katharine ( stress he first name ) look , Alex ... ( hesitates ) you know that I be work for the Lynch campaign ? alex ( sardonic ) I be not a private detective for nothing . I have see you picture with she in the Post . katharine Susan be a wonderful artist . I bring she to a couple of campaign function , ask she to do some sketches . she katharine ( cont would . ) be go to paint a few canvase that I would give to delaney after the election -- as a present , for she Washington office . it do sound kind of ridiculous now , but I just think it prudent that I separate ... that no matter how tangential , you investigation should not involve the campaign . so I simply tell you she be my grad assistant . ( beat ) it be not that far from the truth . Alex take a can from she hand , shake he head in a gesture of resignation . alex never play poker with a guy name Doc , professor . katharine do that mean I be forgiven ? alex it mean I hope I can walk away from the table with some spare change . int . alex' apartment / office - night Alex , screwdriver in hand , labor over he answer machine . the cover and a few part on he desk , he peer into the gut of the mechanism , not really sure what he 's look at . press one button . press another . nothing seem to happen . the screwdriver slip . a piece of the machine fly out . roll about the floor . on hand and knee after it . alex shi -- it ! on he desk , the phone ring . he 's slightly surprised by this . get up to answer . alex Alex rada. ( pause ) hey , lysenko ! intercut with : int . phone company office - dispatch lysenko , the man on the phone , pour over some blueprint and check a page in a book for Alex at the same time . lysenko get a pencil ? alex you get something for I ? ... yeah , hold on . Alex cradle the phone under he chin , rummages around for a pencil and paper . lysenko Alex , why do not you just subscribe to the reverse directory , it would make my life a hell of a lot easier . alex thing be a little slow late ... ( start write ) yeah ... yeah , I get it ... a apartment number ? okay , good ... bridge equip - ment . yeah , I know it 's tough ... I appreciate it . ( beat ) hey , lyensko , what do you know about answer machine ? ( pause ) ... hello ?... hello ? int . apartment build - lobby - night from the hallway decor , we can see this be not a modern building . Alex wait a moment for the elevator . he step inside , press the button for he floor -- we hear the whirring of a old elevator as it ascend . int . hallway Alex walk down the same hallway as do katharine raine in the prior scene . he reach the same doorway . ring the bell . wait . no one answer . Alex check the hall , reach into the he back pocket for a set of pick . he jimmy the bottom lock . the top lock appear tougher . he bend to have a look at it , while turn - ing the doorknob . surprisingly , it open -- and Alex be catch momentarily freeze in position . please with himself , he straighten up and enter . int . apartment - live room - night Alex switch on the light , take in the room -- as neat and well keep as before . a grimace on Alex 's face ; he recognize a distinct odor . alex not hassle free at all . he glance around look for something . the live room be decorate , not furnish . one wall be completely cover with pale blue drapery -- blue and white everywhere , a feel of the first frost . Alex move cautiously toward a archway . int . kitchen search around , find a dish towel in a overhead cabinet . camera follows he back through the archway . the live room as he move tentatively toward a passage way at the opposite end of the room . he now cover he face with the towel . through the passage way - alex' Pov slowly toward another room . this hallway be dark , but there be light ahead . the bedroom still move with he now . the wall of this room be splatter with blood Alex ( camera ) lower he eye to the bed , approach it . fleck of blood on that too . it block we view of what lie beyond . all we can see protrude past the bed be a arm , the carpet next to it drench red . close on alex the towel to he face , faint protection from the stench of death . the room it be awash in blood . hard to believe this mayhem be from one person . Alex be stand over a body now . our view be blocked by the bed . he gaze down . a horrific sight . he gag . go to be sick . turn toward a set of wood and glass door half hide by sheer curtain . pushes through they . a terrace outside in the night air , Alex grip the brick railing , breathes in deeply . head down , eye shut , he hesitates -- wretch over side . alex je -- sus ! ( quietly ) Jesus . a few moment . he look up , gaze out over the terrace . the sky be fill with color light , flash neon : Alex be look out over time square . pulsate sign , movie marquee , the traffic below -- all assault he in one visual stroke . he take it in , we hold . the bedroom Alex remove the cover from the double bed , strip the sheet . he stand over the body , drape the sheet over it gently , almost as though he be put a child to sleep . kneel now , he pull back the sheet to reveal just the head and neck of the corpse . we see it for the first time . the face be batter and cut , but we clearly recognize the delicately beautiful woman from the yearbook picture -- Susan blake . Alex , now more dispassionate , examine the face : contusion , fresh blood around the leave nostril , a wound to the larynx , and what appear to be a peculiar purplish scratch mark on the neck . he look at it closely , run he finger over the scratch -- almost a caress . he cover the face again , stand over she for a moment . a thin channel of blood seep through the sheet , as though Susan blake have be slit open . CUT ahead to : a OPEN closet Alex have the dish towel wrap around he hand like a glove . he go through box on a shelf in the closet . at a chest of drawer now , he go through that . open a drawer in a small night table : a few pen , a picture of Susan blake with roberta della famina and three twenty dollar bill . Alex hold the picture in he hand , pocket it along with the money . about finish with this room , Alex start toward the door . stop . a gesture of , " oh , what the hell " as he move back to the night table , replace the money . CUT ahead to : bathroom look through the medicine chest , etc . CUT ahead to : live room at a mahogany desk . rifles through the drawer . stop to read some papers . nothing of interest . he look around . have he miss anything ? scan the room again to make sure . move to the drape , peek around they -- another set of door to the terrace . outside on the terrace a few yard from where he be before . a small wringht iron table and chair . two coffee cup and saucer on the table , next to one of they be a watch . Alex stare at it , pick it up for a closer look . it be a elegant woman 's watch with a braid gold band . Alex toss it around in he hand , flipping it lightly in the air . we hear the SOUND of siren . ext . build - time square area - night the sound of siren continue . they come from a squad car and e.m.s. ambulance in front of the building . another squad car screech to a halt . flashing red light . more blaring siren in the distance . Alex stand next to a phone booth across the street . move to a trash can nearby , toss in the dish towel . the emergency service team enter the building wheeling a stretcher . for a long moment , Alex watch -- the flash red light revealing the anguish on he face . int . katharine raine ' live room - night elegant . katharine , delaney Lynch and hal rennert - delaney 's campaign manager - sit on sofa surround a great glass coffee table . hal 's assistant lean on the edge of a sofa , while Frank Willis pace the room . they be all drink a madeira , or casa brunella . something red , anyway . all except delaney . katharine about to pour delaney a glass of the wine . delaney place she hand over the empty glass . do not want any . instead , she pour ice water into a tumbler from a pitcher on a tray . drink that . katharine the point be we have to counter it . we be outspend they three to one and it look like we be buy it . frank well , the Federal Election Commission 's not go to bring a indictment -- but what the hell , a leak of the investigation be plenty . delaney the f.e.c. be claim what ?... that it 's not my money , but Alfred 's ? hal that 's about where it stand , yeah . delaney just technical crap , I can spend what I want on the campaign , after all it 's eourr money . we can make it a freedom of speech issue . frank ( shaking he head ) it 's a non-starter . people can not grab hold of it . they do not see that without the money you can not reach they . they can not see that as a right . they see a price tag -- period ... we be up eleven point , we do not need to take it head on . assistant it be fourteen last week . a brief and slightly awkward silence -- no one 's ask he . katharine ( to hal ) how far along be we on the community center spot ? hal they be in post now . katharine well let 's move on they . Air they as soon as we can . hal how be we handle the investigation ? katharine ( to delaney ) Frank can say it 's politically motivate and there be no violation . ( to hal ) and let 's use the family issue ; there be no distinction between Alfred 's and delaney 's money ... a tight knit family . it give we some mileage from veress 's divorce . delaney well , shit , nobody 's go to tell I I can not spend my own damn money on the campaign . ( pour more ice water from the pitcher ) maybe I can get pamela veress to endorse I . some laughter . katharine we need to rush that spot -- shirt sleeve , people 's aspiration , that sort of thing . put some noise in the channel ... drow they out . the telephone ring . katharine pick it up as the political conversation continue . katharine hello ?... yes. ( a long pause ) hold on , I will take it in the other room . ( to the group ) be right back . a alcove katharine be on the phone , listen in stunne silence . katharine ( after a long pause ) yes . I be here ... no , I have guest . I would better meet you ... no , not downstairs . ( another pause ) somewhere near here ... I can not get away for at least a hour ... where ? ... all right , wait for I . live room katharine enter . the conversation still go on . Frank Willis glance up . frank you okay ? her body language say no , but she reply to the group be control , almost casual : katharine Fine . let 's get back to it . Eye contact and unspoken word between katharine and Frank . ext . grand army plaza - night a mini-park and fountain in front of the plaza HOTEL . Alex on a stone bench stare into the fountain . he turn , see katharine walk toward he . alex' Pov as he watch katharine move slowly from the shadow of the avenue into the reflect light of the plaza . new angle look up at she . eye empty . alex hello , katharine . katharine sit , eye fix straight ahead . a long moment . katharine I want to hear about it . alex there be not much to tell . ( pause ) she be kill . Susan be murder . I find she ... and then I cover she and call the police . tear welling up , katharine look away , not want Alex to see . katharine be she assault ? alex I do not know . katharine how be she ...? Alex do not respond . katharine be up , circle , arm wrap around herself . her head snap up , glare at Alex . she want to know . alex ( reluctantly ) she be beat up pretty badly . there be some sort of puncture wound . some - one ... she be ... slashed ... ( lose eye contact ) ... slashed up . he now look to katharine , move to comfort she , not sure how , or even if he should . Alex hold she awkwardly . katharine really not let go . crying quietly . katharine ( after a moment ) just some damned crazy . g0d damned crazy . alex maybe someone she know . no one break in anyway . a apartment , over near Times Square . katharine stiffen , pull back . alex what 's the matter ? katharine nothing ! she hold up she hand . push against a invisible wall . she back away . alex hey . katharine ( she voice flat now ) Alex , thank you . but right now , I just want to think for a while . can I call you in the morning ? alex maybe you could use a drink . and you know I and the phone . katharine I would like to walk a little ... by myself . ext . fifth avenue - night travelling with katharine move down fifth Avenue . Alex catch up , fall in step beside she . alex I think we would better talk a little more . katharine tomorrow . walk in silence . Alex angle toward the window display of Van cleef & arpel -- ring , diamond necklace , etc . katharine continue on a few yard . stop . what 's he up to now ? she step over to the window . alex ( fix on the display ) ... how do you suppose Susan blake rate that apartment ? it have to cost plenty , and she uncle sure as hell would not foot the bill , even if he could afford it . no response from katharine . alex ( nodd toward the jewelry display ) beautiful , be not they ? expensive stuff . katharine ( preoccupy ) very . still peer into the window , Alex reach into he pocket . he look to katharine , hand she the watch with the braid gold band from Susan blake 's apartment . alex I find you watch . katharine turn white . she 's catch . look to the watch , freeze . katharine ( quietly ) how do you know ? alex you lose a watch , I find a watch -- I take a shot . it seem we have both be to Susan blake 's apartment recently . ( beat ) ... how about that talk , now ? int . oak bar - plaza HOTEL - night a SMALL table Alex be clearly out of he element here . he look around for a waiter , none in sight . katharine motion with she finger . a waiter appear . katharine dewer , rock . waiter ( to katharine ) and the gentleman ? alex the gentleman will have the same . waiter move off . alex above 14th Street , they do not know I exist . a tight smile from katharine . silence . finally : katharine you think I kill she . alex it cross my mind . ( beat ) no . I do not think you do ... that kind of murder , it 's too grisly . woman do not commit that kind of crime ... ( he finger tapping he chest ) ... we do . katharine save by male chauvinism . alex look , katharine -- the waiter come to table , serve the drink , leave . alex -- look , we be both in deep shit here . now , you have get to level with I . I walk out of that apartment with evidence from a homicide investigation -- ( louder ) -- not to mention thing like disturbing a crime scene , leave a crime scene -- clean up the damn crime scene like I be the man 's room attendant at the Hotel Dixie . they take you license away for that , just for starter . Alex look around , realize he 's shouting . he lean into katharine , speak softly . alex you feel comfortable enough in that apartment to take off that gold watch . I want to know what this be all about . katharine place she hand on top of Alex 's . katharine rada , I be very scared . alex ( as Alex remove she hand ) join the club . I do miss person . this be murder , the police do murder . now lay it out for I . someone be efuck murder R here , you understand ? katharine ( angry now ) of course , I understand . Susan be very close to I . and I do not know who murder she . there 's no reason in the world why anyone would want to murder she . do eyour understand ? alex then let 's just go to the police . downs he drink . katharine no . the election be three week away , I will not jeopardize the campaign . alex either you tell I a good story or I be go to talk to the cop . katharine all right . I will pay you twenty - five thousand dollar to find out who kill Susan , good enough ? alex ( without miss a beat ) where do Susan blake get the money for the apartment ? katharine I give it to she . alex you do ? why ? katharine she need it . alex what be you , the rockefeller Foundation ? katharine , you think you can buy I ? katharine yes . I do , Alex . the bar area a flurry of excitement . people be greeting a well tailore man accompany by a small entourage . it be Alfred Lynch . a beautiful yellow and blue macaw be perch on he shoulder . Alfred , in a imperial manner , only manage to acknowledge a few of that look to he . the bird flutter its wing nervously . Alfred notice katharine at she table , sweep the bird onto he outstretch finger . tries to hand it to one of he retinue , a blond man in a dark suit . we recognize he as Jimmy doyle , the chauffeur we have see before , although now he appear more like a bodyguard . doyle tilt he head away from the bird , more out of loathing than fear . Alfred smirk at he , place the bird back on he shoulder , stride over to katharine . at the table alfred ( take no notice of Alex ) hello , katharine . katharine be clearly uncomfortable . a force pleasantness . katharine alfred. ( gesture toward Alex ) I do not think you know Alex . Alex rada , Alfred Lynch . Alex stand , extend he hand . as he do , the bird flap its wing , lunge toward Alex . bird voice awk ! sleaze bucket ! Alfred Lynch laugh , perfunctorily shake Alex 's hand as he quickly look he over . from he manner , it 's clear he agree with the bird . alfred I be afraid griffin like very few people , Mr. rada . ( to katharine ) how would you meeting go ? katharine Fine . I do not think there will be a problem . alfred splendid . splendid . delaney 's fly up to syracuse tomorrow . leave I to guard the fort . katharine Association for a better New York . alfred preach to the convert . we will see you at the house Thursday , of course . katharine yes . he smile at katharine , then look to Alex unenthusiastically . alfred Nice to have meet you , Mr. rada . Alfred move off before Alex have a chance to reply . alex ( almost to himself ) same here . katharine watch Alfred Lynch , make sure he 's out of sight . she turn to Alex . katharine well ? alex ( mimick Alfred ) splendid . splendid fellow . katharine ( annoyed ) the money . will you do it ? ( more control ) I believe you say you prefer cash ? alex look , if I be go to put my ass on the line , I want to know why . I think Susan blake know whoever kill she . that put I out there run inter - ference -- against the cop , against a murderer ... ( fix on katharine ) if I wind up like Susan , what the hell be the money ? katharine -- a long pause . then quietly , deliberately : katharine I want to know who kill Susan , I need to know that . ( beat ) Alex , Susan and I ...we have a special relationship . we care very deeply for one another . do not come as a complete surprise . Alex rub he nose , reflect on this . alex and you do not want anyone to find out , especially before the election . katharine if it be a mistake , I be the one who make it . no one else should have to pay for that . I believe in delaney Lynch , what she 's capable of do -- a lot of good for a lot of people . if it be to come out in the middle of the campaign that I be have a affair with ... ( look at Alex dead on ) ... with a girl who be murder ... katharine ( cont would . ) delaney would be tar with the same brush . Alex , she do not deserve that . silence . then , a tapping sound . Alex 's finger on the table . finally stop . okay , she 's make she point . alex ... what about the apartment ? anything there the police can tie to you ? katharine I do not think so , no . alex there 's something else . you say you have not see Susan in a week ? katharine that 's right . alex at the the Zig Zag , you be surprised you do not have you watch ... you must have leave it in Susan 's apartment in the last day or two . katharine I be in the apartment yesterday . Susan have not be there . alex be you sure ? katharine of course . a new york CITY bus move into frame Alex get off , squint as the bright sunlight hit he face . he carry a shopping bag and a arm full of grocery . he notice Victor in he usual spot , motion to he as he hold up the a grocery bag . int . alex rada' apartment / office - day Alex be cooking something in the kitchen area -- maybe chili . stir a pot of something while break up piece of chop meat in a fry pan . CUT ahead to : alex and victor at the table Victor eat the chili , ritualize the procedure as if he 's at George plimpton 's for a dinner party . Alex be observe this with a gentle scowl . victor could I a have napkin , please ? Alex raise a eyebrow , slowly get up , throw Victor a wash cloth from the sink . Victor neatly fold it in he lap . victor ( cont would ) and a knife please , Alex . Alex -- he eye glue to Victor and the chili as he hand he the knife . alex be there something in there you have to cut ? no response . Alex sit , continue eat , still watch the intricate maneuver . alex ( cont would ) ( after a moment ) you know , you be drive I crazy ? you be really annoying I , I hope you realize that . victor setting be very important to the enjoyment of coozine , Alex . Alex look down in he bowl , stir it as he eat , do not say anything . alex ( quietly ; after a moment ) yeah ... and you make I feel guilty , too . CUT ahead to : close on the kitchen table a few scrap of food leave in two bowl . pull back to reveal alex and victor . the shopping bag be on the table as well as a box label , the easa - phone answer system . some cable and tape be strewn about . Victor read a small manual . Alex hold the machine above he head . he be unenthusiastically study the jack in the back , clearly preoccupy with something else . Alex put the machine down , rise , slightly exasperate . alex ( very deliberate ) Victor ... you be train boxer , and I think there be no question that you would have a better shot at install this than I would . int . bedroom Alex rummage through carton . find the one he be look for , lift out a metal box . he set it on the bed . the metal BOX Alex open it -- a nine millimeter astra a- 90 semi-automatic , cartridge and a hip holster . alex he stare at it , the muscle of he face tensing as he do . new angle Victor wander in , look to the metal box , then to Alex . almost a look of reproach from Victor . Alex notice , shrug . victor you know what you be do , Alex ? alex nope . Alex move to a poster of Frank lovejoy . wet two of he finger like a spitball pitcher , touch the forehead in the picture . int . lismar lounge - night a downtown hang out . Alex be move through a group of post - punk and downtown art scene type . several acknowledge he presence . he 's be here before . it 's noisy and some sort of rap-reggae-fusion band play in b.g . Alex show the yearbook picture of Susan blake to some regular . shake of head . shrug . Alex move to a redhead woman in she twenty with cascade hoop earring . she smile in recognition , move to the beat of the music . alex ( hold out the picture ) Heard about it ? woman ( above the music ) in the papers . awful . like some gruesome performance piece . alex see she around lately ? woman do not think so . alex remember any of the people she use to hang around with ? woman I do not really know she that well . alex how about a guy name Brian ? Dark hair , blue eye ... little short than I ? woman Brian ? ( think ; shrug ) sorry . alex thanks . Alex make he way through the crowd . music rise . ext . lismar lounge - night Alex on the street . he hesitates a moment , move downtown . as he do , camera slowly move up , up -- a great , mammoth crane shot . we still hear the fusion rhythm of the lismar Lounge as we move high overhead . ext . side STREET - night quiet . empty . Alex walk past a ukrainian Orthodox church . stops. alex Pov the darken church . he stare up at it . the spire reach into the night . a SOUND , like a echo of footstep . new angle Alex listen , still look to the church . he move on , angle toward the stoop of a brownstone . rest on its stone step . he unty he shoe , glance toward the church and beyond , watch for something -- someone in the dark . nothing there . he wait , rety he shoe , move off . we follow he down the block , around a corner . ext . bar - night a light avenue , a neon sign -- ' downtown Beirut . ' Alex step inside . int . downtown beirut - night about the same ambience as its namesake -- dank bomb - out , except here a few painting from local artist decorate the wall . it 's relatively quiet , just a few customer . the bartender , tommy , serve a customer a drink . Alex slip onto a stool . bartender spot he . tommy Alex ! alex hey , Tommy -rot . tommy ( gesture ) New surroundings . alex last time I see you , you be work at madam Rosa 's . tommy it close . now , I be slumming . commy still under the bed ? alex in the closet , Tommy -rot , in the closet . tommy ( point at Alex ) scotch straight up with a side of water . I never forget a true patriot . alex ( let it slide ) no , I be hold off . tommy runaway time ? alex not exactly . murdered girl . Susan blake . you hear about she ? tommy ( become interested ) yeah , yeah . she use to come in a lot when I first start . beautiful girl . very hot . alex ever with anybody ? tommy yeah -- a real dickhead . think he be a artist , want to put some painting up -- severe crap . alex know he name ? tommy no. a customer yell for a drink . tommy ( cont would ) ( to customer ) hold on , okay ? I be talk to a major force here . alex the kid have dark hair ? tommy no ...uh , bleach chop . alex hey , Tommy , you ever see she come in with any woman ? tommy no , I do not think so . Tommy look to the customer , gesture that he will be there in a minute . alex how about someone name Brian ? tommy you mean with Susan blake ? I know Brian over at siberia . he might have know she . you know he -- ex-roadie , pretty boy -- help Eric montaug run the place . ( think ) Susan blake ... I do not know , maybe . close up -- a wooden horse's head pull back to reveal a man wear it . he make strange , mechanical movement . we can now see other mask in the head of different animal , strutting machine - like on a stage . other actor , on tier of scaffold , turn quickly like huge gear . we be watch a performance piece in the siberia club . this particular piece be a form of constructivist theatre . in bizarre counterpoint , three women , bath in a baby blue spot on center stage sing old Supreme 's number a cappela . angle on the entrance corridor Alex be squinting at the stage , try to figure out what this be all about . Alex lean into a man who act like a host , look like a bouncer . Alex whisper something to he . bouncer check around the club , point to a table in the back away from the stage . another angle - the house table a group of four at the table -- two young woman , a dark haire man in he twenty , another man slightly older . Alex stand over the dark haire man . alex Brian ? brian yeah ? alex I be Alex rada . can I take a few minute -- brian -- and do what , man ? Brian look to one of the woman , caress she neck . they laugh . alex ... and talk to you about Susan blake . brian ( look up at Alex ) ... I know you , right ? alex we have see each other around . brian you be not a cop , right ? Alex nod . he know this be a lose cause . brian ( cont would ) bye. alex ( one more try ) just a couple of minute . how about later ? I will be by the bar . brian hey , man , you be not listen . ( with a whole lot of emphasis ) fuck off. ext . siberia club - STREET - late night Alex lean on a car near the corner . not many people on the street now . a few straggler leave the siberia Club . Alex keep a eye on the entrance . Brian and the young woman emerge from the club , move arm in arm in Alex 's direction . they both wear leather jacket . Brian notice Alex . alex ( move off the car ) how about now ? brian shit , do not you give up ? alex I would really like to talk . brian too fuckin ' bad . he start to move away . Alex grab he jacket , pull he in the direction of the corner . young woman ( pull at Alex ) Lay off , damnit . Alex -- push she away and yanking Brian around the corner , into the alley behind siberia . he slam Brian against a wall . Young woman bang she fist against Alex 's shoulder . alex ( to woman ) go home ! she back away . Alex hold Brian by the lapel of he jacket , raise he fist as if to hit he . alex okay , asshole , let 's have a little cooperation . a punch and then another . both to Alex 's stomach . Alex fall to the ground , sprawle on he back , he hip holster expose . a kick this time to Alex 's rib cage . Alex wince . brian bend down , reach into the hip holster , snatch Alex 's gun another angle Brain and the young woman stand over Alex , laugh , taunting . Brian wave the gun , jump up and down . brian fuckin ' phony . you be a pussy , piece a shit pushover . point the gun at Alex , both laugh wildly , they back up the alley . he take aim at Alex as he move away . brian ( cont would ) let 's have a little cooperation , asshole . he squeeze off a round . it 's SOUND echoe through the alley . the shot hit in front of Alex . Alex pull he arm up to he face , he knee move toward he stomach in the fetal position . Brian and the young woman move farther down the alley toward a garbage dumpster . they be still face Alex . brian ( cont would ) fuck you , man . fuck you . he raise the gun a second time , then -- a punch from nowhere smack on Brian 's chin . he go down on he back , out cold . the face of a bedraggle bum Victor stand over Brian , reach down , pick up the gun . the young woman scream , go shriek off into the night . Alex be up slowly ; he slog toward Victor . alex ( hold he side ) Victor , you care . Victor smile . they drag Brian toward a wall , prop he up . alex ( cont would ) ( dawn on he ) you have be follow I all night , have not you ? victor you be a great detective , Alex . Alex ponder this remark . alex ( shaking he head ) that 's not a compliment . he take the gun from Victor , place it in he holster . grab Brian 's face with he hand . Brian look up , come out of it . alex okay , juiceman , let 's I hear about Susan blake . brian I hardly know she . Alex -- squeezing Brian 's face . brian ( cont would ) look , I go out with she a couple of time , maybe six month ago . alex so why would you kill she ? brian fuck it , you be crazy , man . I do not kill nobody . Sue have other interest ; Sue be schizoid -- I can not handle that . alex I still say you kill she . brian try somebody else . alex convince I . brian I never see you , right ? ( beat ) she hang around some real Doctor strange . a guy name Jimmy Ice . he have he own car , use to pick she up and they would take off -- end of story . ( wipe away a trickle of blood from he mouth ) now why do not you be a nice piece of shit and leave I alone . alex why Jimmy eicer ? brian I do not know , maybe he 's not that friendly . alex what do he look like ? brian aw c'mon . he 's pale , I do not know -- thin , blond chop hair ... okay ? alex have you see he lately ? brian no , really . Alex slap he lightly on the face a few time . alex splendid . you be a splendid fellow . pan to the pavement in front of they . dissolve to : a similar pavement - early morning people 's foot traipsing over it . a few at first , then many more . pull back to reveal delaney Lynch greeting morning shift worker at the carrier plant in syracuse . a few local news people . hal rennert and Frank Willis stand at a respectful distance . lot of : " hello , I be delaney Lynch , run for U.S. Senate " , " need you vote " , " good to see you " , etc . ext . carrier plant gate - syracuse - early morning hal rennert near a chain link fence , signal a car outside . int . car close on the pale visage of jimmy doyle , the blond chopped hair . he spot hal , start the car , drive through the gate . moving with the car roll slowly toward delaney , Frank and hal . ext . hancock airport - syracuse - dusk the car pull to a stop near a hanger . Jimmy doyle and hal rennert exit from the front , delaney and Frank from the back . the four move toward a sessna Citation aircraft . we hear the SOUND of the engine . int . citation - in flight - night delaney , Frank and hal have be check over some note . Jimmy doyle smoke a cigarette in a seat behind . hal ... Advance people do okay , do not you think ? delaney where do we stand ? hal get the meeting at you house when we get back . go over manana . delaney who 's there ? hal garth and he polling people , katharine too . delaney ( to Frank ) pretty damned good turnout at the university . get young all the time . ( lean she head back on the seat ) ... even the professor . hal rennert notice Jimmy doyle hold a disposable lighter under he palm , move the flame slowly back and forth close to the skin on he hand . hal swing around toward he . hal ( to delaney as he watch doyle ) ... as long as they can vote in this State . hal and doyle hal 's eye narrow , fascinate by what doyle be do . doyle look dead on at hal . he bring the flame even closer , hold it under he hand , searing the skin on the palm . hal ( nodd toward the lighter ) what 's the trick ? doyle ( glaring ) the trick be in not mind . hal hold on he for a beat , look away and pretend to go over some note . we see a perceptible shiver . delaney and frank delaney ( eye close now ) ... Frank ?... how 's katharine do ? frank like all of we , I little tired I guess . delaney she 's teach , too . frank I think it 's just the three hour this semester . delaney massage she eye with the finger of she hand . delaney well , she look like hell lately . need a rest ... and there will be a damn sight more work after the election . frank I be not sure she will come to Washington . eye still close , she reach over and pat Frank 's hand . delaney you be never sure of anything , be you Frank ? Frank glance over , some anger show . he 's about to say something , think better of it . delaney ( cont would ) she love the action . Inside the beltway , ... that 's katharine 's natural habitat . int . - lynch townhouse - sitting room - night close on a cracking FIRE we hear voice . pull back to take in a white fireplace and the Louis XV girandole mirror above it . a sense of opulence and style -- just as the other room of this house must have . camera find katharine . she be listen to hal rennert 's voice as he go through a schedule . katharine do look a bit draw , certainly not as elegant as in prior scene . angle on frank willis and david garth they be carry on they own conversation . behind they , garth 's assistant . angle on hal rennert and delaney lynch hal read off a list , lean in toward delaney . hal ... then the luncheon speech , Metro - politan woman in Business at 12:30 -- photo op with the mayor at 2:30 ... ( turn a page ) 4 o'clock -- New York Hospital shift change -- 5:15 Grand Central -- 6 o'clock , subway stop southeast corner of lex and 68th . ( look up ) ... and the formal dinner back here at eight . delaney ah , the contributor ... let 's not forget the contributor . ( to Frank ) -- find out the name of stu rudin 's new wife ; they change so fast I can not keep track .. . and the name of the commissioner 's child . another angle frank all of they ? delaney if they be more than two or three , just get I the oldest . frank you pull the comparable worth thing in the luncheon speech ? delaney smile , a derisive edge to it . delaney you have get press there Frank , you do not want I to talk about the issue , do you ? the may , etta , wheel in a tray -- glass , and champagne on ice . she be follow by Alfred , the macaw perch on he shoulder . delaney stride over , kiss Alfred , look to the macaw . delaney ( nuzzling the bird ) ... and how 's my little baby ? she hold out she arm , the bird perches on it . Alfred gesture to the assemble . nod toward David garth . alfred David 's tell I about the latest poll figure . ( hand glass to delaney ) I do not think it 's too premature for a toast . Champagne be pour . toast be make . Alfred move toward the fireplace , throw he glass into it . it shatter . another glass follow . other in the group , less flamboyant than Alfred , follow with theirs , perhaps a bit self - consciously . one lone glass do not shatter , bounce off the fireplace brick , clink about , roll onto the antique bessarabian rug . it 's katharine 's glass . she close and open she eye slowly , go " hmph " to herself , look around as if to say -- " what next ? " new angle - delaney and katharine delaney Alfred 's view be that the election be over ; voting be just the tedious ritual that confirm the poll ... he start as a technical analyst -- all that buy and sell signal . ( beat ) katharine , I be go to need you in Washington and I would like you to be a hundred percent . you look awfully tired . katharine I be fine , delaney . Frank approach , listen to the conversation . delaney I do not think so . why do not go down to the house in mousteek * * for a few week , get some rest . katharine ( with a edge ) it 's out of the question , certainly not until after the campaign . a flash of anger from delaney . she 's seldom speak to in this tone . delaney ( control now ; insistent ) all right , katharine , but why do not you call it a night . katharine realize she 's overstep . usually defer to this woman . frank ( intercede ) I will take you home , Katie . delaney ( to Frank ) no , I need you here . delaney move to phone , pick up the receiver , press one of the button on the unit . delaney ( into phone ) ... Jimmy , would you bring the car out front , I would like you to take Dr. raine home . int . limousine - night katharine stare out the window , lose in herself . the building of fifth avenue stream by . reflected off the front mirror , we can see Jimmy doyle 's eye fix on katharine . the car pull up to the curb . doyle get out , open the door for katharine . ext . katharine's build - fifth avenue - night as katharine emerge from the back , a doorman tip he cap . jimmy doyle I will see you in miss raine . katharine ( wave he off ) that 's all right , Jimmy . int - katharine raine ' apartment - live room - night katharine , in a robe , relax on a sofa . her hair be wet . she sip a drink ; a cigarette burn in a ashtray . we hear the doorbell ring . look over with some surprise : who could that be ? reluctantly she get up , move toward the door . katharine yes ...? as she approach the door we hear muffled sound and hole rip through the door -- fragment fly about . katharine almost instinctively know what this assault be . as another bullet tear into the room , she lunge at the floor , crawl behind a overstuff wing chair . another muffle sound , another shot from some weapon with a silencer -- all this happen very quickly , nearly instantaneously . a lamp as a bullet cut into its shade . it move the lamp precariously onto the edge of the table . katharine behind the protection of the chair . terror. rage . quiet now . the fusillade have stop . katharine peer over the chair toward the door , take in four bullet hole . slowly start to get up . the lamp , perch precariously at the end of the table , fall to the floor , crash , popping the light bulb . katharine turn toward it . startle , she jump in fear . SHOCK CUT to : a black screen we hear a phone ring . Alex roll over in bed , reach for the phone . alex ( not quite awake ) ... Sixth pre ... ( beat ) ... what ? oh. sorry ... yeah ? yeah , okay . Jesus !... all right , just hang on -- I be on my way now . int - katharine raine ' apartment - live room - night katharine be kneel pick up piece of the break lamp . Alex join she , both toss piece into a plastic bag . alex go over it again . anything unusual happen before you meeting ? katharine no . but it be all ... almost surreal . the meeting . we go over tomorrow 's campaign stop , the dinner at the Lynch 's ... then Alfred come in with champagne . ( beat ) the damn glass do not break , it bother I . must have be tired or in a fog or something . next thing I remember Jimmy drop I off ... alex the chauffeur . katharine reach for a piece of the lamp . her robe open , fall gently over she leg . Alex look at they . katharine notice , casually cover herself . katharine nothing much in between . I must have be somewhere else . it be strange , he 's usually not that polite . Said he would see I in . ( stare off ; hold a piece of the lamp ) generally a bleak little character -- you know , I do not know if I have ever hear he say anything before . Alex glance at the close robe . move up to watch she face . there be a moment . Alex stand , toss a piece of glass into the plastic bag . another angle Alex approach the door , run he finger over the hole . he have to reach over he head . they be place almost neatly . alex look like someone just want to scare the hell out of you . katharine well , they succeed . alex someone use a silencer , chance be they know what they be do . this guy be aim for someone like Patrick ewing , not you . katharine that 's very comforting . rada , what the hell be go on ? alex get any cider vinegar ? katharine what ?... yes . for what ? int . kitchen Alex be pour milk and cider vinegar in a glass . he hold it up , measure with he eye . a jar of honey sit on the counter . alex it ' a old ukrainian remedy . relaxes you . katharine watch from the entrance way . alex ( cont would ) how about some rum ? katharine drink a lot of rum in the Ukraine do they ? alex another one of life 's inconsistency . katharine try a smile , leave . Alex carefully measure a spoonful of honey , pour it in , then another . katharine reappear with the rum , hand it to he . alex thanks . I do not suppose he have blond hair ? katharine who ? alex ( pour in the rum ) the chauffeur . what 's he last name ? she 's not sure where this be go . katharine he do . short blond hair . ( stare at Alex ) his name 's doyle , I think . why ? alex you think he might have know Susan blake ? katharine be surprised by the question , look to Alex with some suspicion as he stir the concoction he 's make . katharine ( annoyed ) not likely , Alex . alex she have boyfriend . katharine I suppose so . not many , she be careful . Susan be not stupid ... I can not imagine he . alex ( he hand she the drink ; walk past she ) Susan be a lot of thing to a lot of people . int . live room katharine sit sip the drink , not like it . Alex sit across . katharine you think the lynch ' chauffeur kill Susan ? and he get in the building after he let I off to what , kill I , scare I ? why ? it do not make sense . alex I do not know . ( massage he temple ) Susan hang around the club with a thin blond kid , think of himself as a artist . do this doyle paint ? katharine how would I know ? alex okay . have he be with they long ? katharine a couple of year I guess . do the drive , also keep the wrong people from get too close . alex ( nod toward the drink ) finish it up . he stay at the house ? katharine as far as I know . he have a room downstairs . they both do . ( grimace , downs the stuff ) Jimmy and etta , the may . alex ( a broad smile ) how would you like to take I to that party ? katharine ( incredulous ) the dinner ? you be joke ? alex what 's the matter ? ( sincerely hurt ) thanks . she 's touch by he vulnerability , look at he in a new light . katharine smile , rethink it . katharine smile , look at he in a new light . katharine hey , rada , you have a tux ? alex ( smile back ) yeah ... at the waiter ' union . katharine I have a date you know . and I be not sure how pleased the lynch ' will be . alex I would like to get in there . can you fix it ? katharine we will see what we can do . int . katharine raine ' apartment - morning close on alex we can see part of a blanket tuck under Alex 's chin . katharine move into frame , kiss he gently on the forehead . new angle Alex slowly awaken . he be on the live room couch . katharine stand over he hold a glass of orange juice . she hand it to he . katharine a old anglo - saxon remedy . wake you up . Alex take it , sit up . katharine ( cont would ) thanks for stay . alex what time be it ? katharine about nine - thirty . I have get to get go . alex maybe I better tag along . katharine no. ( gesture toward the door ) you do say that be just mean to scare I , right ? right ? alex ninety percent , yeah . probably scare the hell out of you neighbor when they see it ... there be a small chance ... katharine I can not lock myself up in here . if someone really want to ... ( beat ) there 's a man 's razor in the bathroom , I leave it out for you . just close the door behind you when you leave , they will be replace it this afternoon . katharine move to a closet , select a coat , put it on . katharine ( turn toward Alex ) you be a decent guy , rada . Alex glance up , admire she , want to say something . alex what time do I pick you up tonight ? ext . manhattan south precinct - morning Cars double park on the street . people around the entrance , a few drink coffee from container . Alex move up the step , through the entrance . int . manhattan south precinct - first floor - morning a common area -- tile wall , bulletin board , bench . cop in uniform move about . Alex wait next to a civilian worker behind a desk . she look up . alex detective demarko ? civilian worker ( point ) stair . second floor on you right . int . second floor - squad room activity . men and a few women , mostly in plain clothes , a few uniform . Alex make he way through a maze of desk . catch someone 's eye . alex gene demarko ? man the desk in the back , right next to that side room there . alex thanks . we follow Alex through the activity to the back . no one at the desk . Alex peek into the room next to the desk . it 's fill with file cabinet . a burly man about fifty with a recede hair line be open and close drawer . this be detective demarko -- shirt sleeve roll up , mostly business . alex detective demarko ? demarko yeah . alex I be Alex rada , I call before . demarko oh , yeah , right . ( check over a file ) so what 's up ? alex I understand you be assign the Susan blake case . demarko look up , quickly study Alex , place a file on top of the cabinet . demarko ( point ) there 's some coffee over there . why do not you grab a cup ? alex no , I be fine . demarko move out of the room , spot someone , motion slightly with he head . another man in shirtsleeve acknowledge he , wander toward they . demarko do you know she ? alex no . she , uh , might have be a runaway I be look for . think I would check with you . blake she real name ? demarko ( a hint of disdain ) uh huh . you a p.i.? detective sherman join they . younger than demarko , he 's very thin , a heavy New yawk accent . alex yeah . ( look around the room ) I know you brother at the Sixth . we work senior citizen robbery unit together . demarko rada , right ? I can check that . he 's up at the two - four now , get he gold shield . ( nodd to sherman ) this be detective sherman . sherman hiya doin ' . demarko fold he arm , sit on the desk . alex you want to check , go ahead . demarko you get shot , right ? sure , rada . right . no , I remember . phil use to talk about you . get shot in the shoulder or something , some kid . alex leg. demarko what ... four year ago ? phil use to have nightmare about it . alex I too . demarko yeah , well ... ( realize , he voice trail off ) sherman tough out there , huh ? miss person , that 's shit work . that broad get cut up excellent . alex that 's what I hear . demarko throw sherman a look as if to say , " enough already . " demarko ( laugh it off ) motor mouth . Alex look to demarko , then over at sherman . sherman ( glance at demarko , take the hint ) I hear ya. ( as he 's leave ) gotta check with crime scene unit , anyway . demarko let out a sigh . stare at Alex for a moment . demarko so? alex I would like to take a look at the D.D. five . demarko you be nut . this be a active in - vestigation , I be not let you look at a homicide folder . ( point a finger at Alex ) you get some information , you better let I know , this be a fuckin ' hot case ; I do not like competition . alex homicide task force still on it with you ? demarko for a while , yeah . alex well , you never know , if I come across something in my travel ... demarko size he up , focus on Alex , try to read he . finally : demarko I be go for a cup of coffee ; I will be back in five minute ( nod toward file room ) and do not look at that folder on top of the cabinet . int . file room Alex read through the homicide folder : complaint follow - up informationals , serology report , a autopsy . scan this information , he slow at the last page of the preliminary autopsy report . close on the last page at the bottom , it read : cause of death puncture wound of neck with transect internal carotid artery . massive hemorrhage . homicide autopsy : dr . william A. mintz associate Medical examiner close on alex puzzle by what he 's just read . int . midtown south precinct - hallway Alex stride down a hallway , into the men' room . int . men' room Alex see demarko move away from a urinal . demarko zip up he fly ; Alex be wash he hand as demarko approach . alex I do not get it . she die from a stab wound , something sharp puncture the artery in the neck . she be cut open eafterr she be kill ? demarko tap the soap container at the sink . wash he hand . they do not look directly at each other , but use the mirror above the sink to converse . demarko better than that . there be blood all over the wall of that place , some freak rip she open and then splash the shit over the wall . hand drip , demarko reach for a paper towel . wipe he hand . Alex be silent . demarko ( cont would ) ... at the orifice of the vagina , creamy white material be note . always get I . that 's a euphemism . have a certain ring to it though , do not you think ? alex what ? demarko you do not read so good , rada . ( beat ) the autopsy . she have intercourse , too . must have be a hell of a night . demarko toss the paper towel in he trash can . as he leave , he turn to Alex . demarko it 's not like the old day . all I hear about be clearance rate , clearance rate . Lieutenant 's get a hard - on for clearance rate . do not screw I over . you think be a ex-cop make you family , rada ? ( beat ) it do ... edistantr family . you get something , you let I here about it , okay ? demarko exit . Alex shut off the water tap , stare at himself in the mirror . ext . katharine raine ' apartment build - night close on a doorman he be blow a whistle , hail a cab . pull back to reveal katharine and Alex near the doorman , both dress to the nine . taxi pull up . they get in . int . cab - night katharine be smile to herself . Alex notice . alex you all right ? no problem , today ? katharine I be fine . ( glance at he , then away ) Fine , really . the smile be infectious . Alex grin . alex no , come on , really ? turn to he again , look at he tux . katharine you look ... great . alex you expect something different , right ? katharine ( almost chide ) Alex ...? alex maybe , I be a little nervous , all that high flyer go to be there . katharine take it from I , it do not make a difference . like who ? alex like the police commissioner for one . katharine laugh . katharine ( almost haughtily ) a very distant object at the purlieu of the galaxy . Alex look over -- what do she say ? katharine ( cont would ) ( she take note ) in other word , he 's lucky he get invite . alex oh. I will be sure and tell he that . cab driver turn around . cab driver look pretty lousy here , how ' bout I take Park ? alex yeah , fine . that 's okay . katharine rada , you think you do not fit in anywhere -- in its own way that 's arrogant . it give you license to dislike people like the Lynch 's . alex and you . katharine maybe . alex I fit in ... downtown . downtown , nobody try -- that 's why I like it . I belong with people who do not belong anywhere . katharine that 's incredible self - pity . alex why do you have to try to analyze I ? this start off really good . ext . cab - park avenue - night bumper to bumper . the cab barely move through the street choke with traffic . int . cab Alex stare out he window , katharine hers . the cab driver honk the horn , break the silence as he yell out the window at the car up ahead . cab driver move it ! you from Jersey ?! ( to Alex and katharine ) you can not make money in this . I would rather park the son of a bitch and get drunk . alex a man after my own heart . katharine look over , a disapprove glare . alex ( to katharine ) you want to get out and walk ? ext . park avenue - night travelling with Alex and katharine . they walk in silence , occasionally glance at shop window . finally Alex : alex ... guess I do not say it before , but you , uh , look pretty terrific yourself . ( beat ) look , I know this be not easy for you . you have a right to be scared and all ... katharine you try to apologize , rada ? he gesture , palm up . katharine ( cont would ) probably the close I will come . I accept . tough ex - cop huh ? alex naw , I be not tough at all . katharine what about the ex-cop part ? alex ( put he hand in he pocket ) what about it ? they continue down the avenue . Alex take in a deep breath , let it out . alex get into a argument with a robbery suspect . only he have a weapon ... my weapon . he point it in my face and I say to he , it 's all right , go ahead , I will leave you alone . ( derisive laugh ) I be tell ehimr , and he 's get the gun , which be mine anyway . so he start to walk away , and I do not know , I guess I be angry so I jump he . we wrestle a little and he shoot I -- point blank , in my leg . ( beat ) they say I almost ble to death . I do not remember . just keep think how come my leg be smoking . eighteen month of hospital and physical therapy I do not walk with a gimp . just retirement pay and a half -heart commendation . he look to katharine . she slip she arm in he , feel he guilt , embarrassment . katharine that 's past . maybe you have to leave it -- alex -- in the purlieu , right ? katharine ( nodd self - consciously ) yeah ... right in the old purlieu . CUT ahead to : ext . york avenue - night they turn onto sutton place . we see a federalist style townhouse -- the Lynch 's home . as they approach , Alex see a build in garage , notice two car : a limousine and a black sedan . katharine stop he , turn Alex toward she . she brushes off he lapel , adjust he bow tie . katharine the Lynch 's can be a bit overbearing . do not let it get to you , okay ? alex okay , captain . I will need to get into the kid 's room . downstair ? about fifteen minute . you cover for I . she push he toward the door , speak rapidly . katharine do it before dinner . please , please do not get catch . Lord , I hope I know what I be do . int . lynch townhouse - live room - night before dinner cocktail . mover and shaker , political type , some of the literati . High fashion . drink . chatter . in b.g. we see Alex and katharine appear in the foyer . etta take they coat . int . foyer Alex be self - conscious as he look at the assemble . katharine smile as delaney Lynch approach . delaney move to katharine , kiss she , step back to observe Alex . delaney and this be the mysterious new young man . katharine delaney , this be Alex rada . Alex , delaney Lynch . alex how do you do ? delaney show she best politician 's smile . she 's really not pleased . the conversation be more like a admonishment . delaney we have have to change thing a bit , you know . but I see now it 's all worth it . ( to katharine ) he 's charming , katharine . delightful . a voice from behind they : " hello , Alex . " Alex turn to see Frank Willis , a drink in he hand . he 's clearly have more than he limit . alex ( surprised ) Frank , what be you do here ? frank ( glance at delaney ) I often wonder myself . delaney -- without miss a beat , smile unwaver . delaney shall we go inside , we be miss the party . frank I would like to talk to my old friend here . delaney well , I think I will steer katharine toward the bar . katharine ( a nervous laugh ) I be all for that . delaney take katharine 's arm , maneuver she toward the live room . katharine turn she head toward the two man as she move , silently mouth something Alex can not make out . frank well , old buck , you steal my date , you know that ?. how the hell be you ? alex you and katharine ? ( puzzle this out ) seldom get to this kind of affair , Frank . she do get around , katharine . frank you be talk about the woman I love . Alex study Frank , not sure he 's serious . alex ( flat ; non-committal ) no kid . Frank slap Alex on the back , a drunken gesture . wrap he arm around Alex as he lead toward the live room . frank we will need to fortify ourselves if we be go to greet the glorious gliterati , note the alliteration . int . live room as Alex enter , a deadly enemy appear -- the macaw . it be perch in a elaborate mini-habitat , resembling a tropical thicket . it eat some sort of berry , a watchful eye on the proceedings . alex well , that make the set , the birdie 's here , too . a woman walk past Frank . a gentle half - bow as he move out of she way . he jostle Alex in the process , push he closer to the macaw . the macaw a flutter of wing , a commotion . he lunge at Alex . alex and the macaw this time he get he , a beak digging into Alex 's neck . new angle Alex grab he neck , crouch away from the bird . alex shit ! ( raise the back of he hand toward the bird ) you dirty ... frank you all right ? ( quick pull on he drink ) medic ! a few of the guest gather around , ask if Alex be okay . delaney appear . Alfred stride over with katharine . katharine look to Alex as if to say , " Nice go , rada . " delaney Mr. rada , I be sorry . would you like to have someone take a look at that ? before Alex can respond , delaney turn toward Alfred . delaney perhaps griffin would be more comfortable on he perch in the study . Alex be incredulous : the bird would be more comfortable ? Alfred Lynch sweep the macaw onto he arm , caress it . alex ( no one 's listen ) no , I be okay , really . alfred ( as he move off ) Exile , I be afraid , griffin . Alex look around , dumbfounded . find Frank who wear a shit-eate grin . frank ( hold up he glass toward Alex ) a question of priority , old boot . katharine grab Alex by the arm , whisper in he ear . katharine be not the idea enotr to draw attention to yourself ? alex ( whisper back ) you never mention you and Frank Willis . katharine I tell you I have a date . and who do you think recommend you ? or do you think I get you out of the yellow page ? alex no. I be not in the yellow page . another angle Alfred stand beside the door of the study at the far end of the room . he 's wave Alex over . alex ( spot Alfred ) what do he want ? int . study book line the wall . a great oak desk dominate the room . on the desk , a green tiffany glass lamp which give the room its illumination . the macaw sit on a simple perch . alfred ( point to another door ) you can clean up in there if you like . there 's some alcohol on the shelf . Alfred move over to the macaw , place he finger in its beak , Alex glance around , cross to the bathroom door . alex Nice little place you have to work in . alfred ( ignore the compliment ) I understand you be a private investi - gator , Mr. rada . a conversation mostly of blue smoke and mirror . the two be feel each other out . alex and how do you understand that ? alfred we be very close to katharine . naturally , we be always interested in she young man . alex do that include Frank Willis ? alfred Frank ? we have know Frank a very long time , Mr. rada . we really do not know you at all -- do not know the kind of man you be . ( beat ) Frank , you see , be predictable -- that 's the advantage of a press spokesman . they be not pay to think independently , just to repeat what they be tell . alex Frank use to be a hell of a reporter , you would not want to sell he short . alfred no , of course not . you know Frank -- from the old day ? the two man stare at each other . a sense that Alfred already know the answer to this . alex ... I use to work robbery unit in the village when Frank be a crime reporter . we have mutual interest . he use to write a damn good story ... alfred -- write be the last refuge of a dilettante , Mr. rada . Frank 's come to grip with life 's reality , as I be sure you have . alex meaning ? Alfred stroke the macaw 's plummage , disregard the question . alfred you would better take care -- ( point ) of that scratch . I have guest to attend to . ( as he leave ) about katharine ? best not to get too involved . int . bathroom Alex dab at the scratch with a small towel . stare at himself in the mirror . he 's surprised at how classy he appear in the tux . he place the towel next to the sink , saunter out . we hold . he saunter back in . one more look at himself in the mirror . as he adjust he bow tie : alex ... bond . James bond . int . study as Alex move across the room , the macaw scrutinize he ; Alex give the bird a wide berth . int . foyer area Party in b.g . Alex check to see if anyone be around . make he way down a staircase . we follow . downstair corridor several door . he knock on one , open it . look like the may 's room . move to the door across . tap lightly , peek in -- biker poster , a unmade bed , a magazine or two on the floor ( maybe esoldier of fortuner or egun and ammor ) . int . jimmy doyle's room Alex go through a dresser , scan some book on a shelf , generally examine the artifact of doyle 's life . he move to a closet with a slide door , partially open , push it open further . as he do -- a black cat leap out , scurries past Alex . scare the hell out of he . Alex jump away , fall back on the bed . alex ( soto ; shaking he head in disbelief ) what be this , mutual of omaha 's Wild Kingdom ? get up , again move to the closet , examine it . uniform and casual clothes , leather jacket , boot on the floor . next to they a metal case and a stack of paint canvase . Alex flip through they : very ugly , severe crap . he open the case . there be separation for brushes and what appear to be tool . close on the metal case among the tool , several file and sharpen screwdriver of vary length . Alex pick up one of the short one , hold it not like a screwdriver , but like a ice pick . CUT ahead to : int . dine room almost a state dining room : gilt detail , silk drapery , baccarat stemware . dinner be in progress . waiter serve . small talk among the guest . Alex and katharine close to the head of the table where delaney and Alfred be ensconce . next to they , Texas Congressman WADE pattman and he wife . Frank sit next to a dowager type , a bit farther from the seat of power . they all listen to a oscar ruckelhaus ( a kissinger clone ) expound on the state of the world . ruckelhaus ... centripital and cetrifugal force , the great conflict of the 20th century . nationalism on the one hand , a new world culture on the other -- and the ineluctable upheaval leave in its wake . leans in confidentially , as if he 's surrender a State secret . ruckelhaus ... my own view be that be that eventually the fundamentalist will prevail . a end to christendom -- to western civilization . ( look around for a concur opinion ) now , katharine , I appeal to you , do not you agree ? katharine well , I hardly think we be preside over the destruction of the world ... WADE pattman -- now , a course not . katharine ... but , instant communication , the instant image of anarchy -- they tend to become a self - fulfil prophesy . we dominate the world media and we need to channel it in we own interest ... or maybe , at some point , oscar 's scenario actually happen . ruckelhaus there , you see , I be vindicate . katharine glance over to Alex , see he 's try to appear interested . must think this people be from another galaxy . she wink . he wink back . WADE pattman now , oscar here 's always puttin ' this thing in that grandiose geo - po - litical term . never run for county assessor . if he have , he would think more like delaney and I . ( put he hand over delaney 's ) concern with the family , yessir ... that 's the ticket . delaney ( mimick he a bit ) Wade , I can not think of the last time I do run for assessor . WADE pattman now darlin ' when you get down to Washington , the two of we be goin ' to make one hell of a pair . maybe get that folk in the White House a little ( hold up he finger ) tintzy , wintzy bit nervous . we just might put the fear of g0d into that boy before we be do . ( to ruckelhaus ) now , no offense , oscar . ( to Alex ) what about you , Mr. rada ? alex ( astound ) I , uh ... ( beat ) ... I think you be look in the wrong place . ( point he finger ) we have still get to worry about the Communists , see . I have not hear a word about that . they be all over the place . they be comin ' back , it 's not over they . no matter what they say the Russians down deep be still commy . ( katharine squeeze he hand ) and I will tell you what , if J. Edgar Hoover be alive , it would not be happen . a drop dead silence . Wade pattman finally chime in . WADE pattman now , I think Mr. rada 's get something there . I know old J. Edgar , you know . he be one tough old crow , would not put up with any kay - rap from the leave or right ... ( beat , turn to Alex ) ... but ya see , Alex , when we all wake up to that fine New York sunrise tomorrow ... well , I have the distinct feelin ' we be goin ' to still need a adversary . do not matter much who . Iranians . the chinese . Hell , I never do care too much for daamn french . ( laughter ) delaney it 's not about ideology , it 's about power . look to Alex , now . more than a blush of condescension . delaney fear be a great motivator , Alex . ruckelhaus you be a Republican , Mr. rada ? alex ( bewilder by the attention ) me? I be not a joiner . waiter move in , serve a baked Alaska . WADE pattman ( about the dessert ) well , look at that ! now be not that sumptuous . ruckelhaus ( to Alex ) would not belong to a club that would have you as a member ? ay , Mr. rada ? alex no . I would not belong to a club that would have any member at all . peal of laughter . WADE pattman now remind I to let my speech writer in on that one , Alex . Alex look around , mystify -- do not get the joke . put he energy into eat the baked Alaska . ext . katharine raine ' apartment build - late night katharine and Alex step under the canopy of the building , stride through the entrance . int . katharine's apartment - live room they stand just inside the door , which have be replace . katharine why so silent ? you be a hit . alex ( nod toward the door ) Nice job . katharine close the door , she a bit tipsy . they regard each other for a moment . both a bit unsure . katharine take Alex 's hand , walk with he across the live room , stop by a small side table next to the bedroom . she reach into a glass goblet , lift out a spend round . katharine ( hold out the bullet to Alex ) they find it when they replace the door . heap big tip , no question ask . I think it might be important ; you know , find the gun it come from ? alex ( flat , go along ) yeah . I will check into it . katharine you do not find a gun in doyle 's room ? alex no. katharine Alex , he do not do it , do he ? he examine the bullet , roll it around between he finger . alex ... I do not know about you , but I be a bit load . at least they know how to lay on the booze , the lynch . let 's talk about it tomorrow . ( kiss she on the forehead ) good night . katharine move closer , nestle up against he . katharine why be it I never seem to be able to get a response from you ? ( kiss Alex on the lip ) ... goodnight ... katharine stay close , touch the button of Alex 's shirt , let she finger linger over they . alex you would not want I to take advantage ? she kiss he again . leisurely allow she mouth to brush against he before pull back . katharine no ... I would not want that . a man in you condition ... the advantage be all mine . katharine pull at he bow tie , undoe it . Alex take she in he arm . a long embrace . we see the dress slip from katharine 's shoulder . int . katharine's bedroom - morning close on alex the incongruity of sunlight bathing he stubble face in a angelic glow . Alex awaken . open and close he eye . turn to look at katharine next to he . another angle Alex reach over , brushes back katharine 's hair . he kiss she gently . get up . int . bathroom mirrore on three side . Alex , a towel wrap around he waist , hold a toothpaste tube . stick he tongue out , examine himself in the mirror . katharine stand by the door in a robe . arm fold , she 's grin . enjoy watch he , catch he in that silly act with he tongue . through the mirror , Alex see she , smile back . he also notice the side of he neck -- the macaw bite , now a purplish mark against he skin . he touch it , run he finger along it . a quick glance at katharine , he turn , bolt from the bathroom . int . bedroom Alex dress in a rush . katharine 's at a loss . katharine hey ! alex at the bar in the Plaza . ( hopping about as he put on a sock ) -- doyle hate the damn bird . he hold the bow tie in he hand , not know what to do with it . stuff it in he pocket , then take it out . alex ( hand the bow tie to katharine ) take care of this , I will be back , okay ? he hurry out . katharine ( yell after he ) rada ...?! ext . 30 th . STREET - medical examiner office - day Alex , still in tuxedo shirt and pants , dash up the step . int . medical examiner office - reception area check a directory on the wall . Alex find what he 's look for , move off . upstair corridor we see Alex turn a corner , stride toward camera . he stop in front of a open office door which read : ' dr . W. mintz - associate medical examiner . ' Alex peer into a small office , see a short balding man man in he late thirty . Long strand of hair from the side be plaster down on top of he head . the office be cluttere . Alex recognize a kindre spirit . int . mint office mintz be erase something from a piece of paper . Alex walk in , smile , feel sort of at home . mintz look up . alex Dr. mintz ? mintz ( point to himself ) yes. mintz , comma , William . alex Alex rada . mintz hello , Alex rada . alex I would like to talk to you about a autopsy you perform . mintz lean back in he chair , wave he arm at a set of filing cabinet . mintz which one ? alex I do not have a case number . it be recent . a woman . Susan blake . mintz ( think ; nod ) that one I remember . beautiful woman . mintz ( cont would . ) bizarre . you do so many , you usually forget . you insurance ? mintz raise he eyebrow , ala groucho marx , point to Alex 's clothes . mintz formal investigation ? alex sure , why not ? mintz you guy be do well this day . ( shrug ) Public record . alex I need you help . the form will take I forever . mintz get up . gesture for Alex to follow . mintz okay , rada comma Alex , c'mon . int . autopsy room a pathologist wash up at a sink . a cover body on a table . mintz look around , spot a circular drill . turn it on . Alex 's eye bulge -- bewilder horror . alex ( nervously ) hey , what , uh ... you be not go to ... mintz ( wave he off ) no , no , no , relax . let 's go . the corridor - travelling Alex point to the wound on he neck . alex I think the girl have the same mark . mintz I will check the report . take a look at the picture . mint office the autopsy report and photo be spread out on the desk . Alex and mintz be go over they . mintz bend down , pull some file off the top of a tiny refrigerator , look around for a place to put they . hand they to Alex , who place they on a chair . bend down again , mintz open the refrigerator , find half a salami . grab it and some bread . the whirring of the circular drill , it slice through the salami . mintz cut a few piece , make a sandwich . mintz want some ? alex I will pass . ( point to photo ) see , here -- it 's the same kind of bite I have on my neck mintz eat he sandwich , look over the autopsy report . mintz okay ... alex it 's a bird bite , right ? a macaw . mintz a bird with a hook bill would not be inconsistent with the finding -- maybe a parrot . alex and how long before she die do she get the bite ? mintz hard to say , Alex rada . within , oh , twenty - four hour of death . Alex pace the small room , think . mintz ( hold out sandwich ) sure you do not want a bite ? alex ( wave he off ) look -- could she have be bring to the apartment unconscious , then kill ? mintz she be definitely kill in the apartment -- alex -- with a sharpen screwdriver , maybe ? mintz or a ice pick . see ?... then that extraordinary wound extend to the symphysis pubis . ( show Alex a photo ; he try hard not to look ) the contusion do not cause death . they be administer before , so it would not be inconsistent with the finding . alex be that a yes ? she could have be knock unconscious somewhere else and then kill in the apartment ? -- would that be consistent with the finding ? mintz if you put it that way -- yes . alex ( brighten ) thanks , doc. ( about the sandwich ) you know , you should try that with some nice ukrainian bread . ext . flower shop - dusk we see Alex exit the florist hold what appear to be a a single flower wrap in tissue paper . he no longer wear the tuxedo shirt and pants ; he be dress ( for Alex anyway ) normally . int . hallway - katharine's apartment build - night Alex step off the elevator , move to katharine 's door . he hold a flower , a single white rise -- the romantic sap . he ring the bell . katharine ( v.o. ) ... who be it ? alex it 's I , Alex . there be a long moment , perhaps muffle sound from inside . finally , katharine open the door . she peer around the door , do not look that happy to see he . she notice the flower , open the door all the way to let he in . guilt write all over she -- a kind of tenderness , too . katharine come on in , Alex . int . katharine's live room alex for you . hand she the flower , wait for a response . she can not make eye contact . katharine it 's beautiful . he move to kiss she , she turn she head so the kiss be on she cheek . katharine stride off with the flower . alex what 's the matter ? lay the rise on a glass coffee table , turn to Alex . katharine ... about last night ... he can tell what 's come -- he defense be sarcasm . alex do not bother , I understand . I just work for you . katharine ( sharp ) -- that 's not it -- and that 's not fair . ( beat , softer ) look , Alex ... you would not want I ... I be all confuse , mix up ... you know we would kill each other . all that constant bicker ... the bedroom door open , Frank Willis appear . frank hiya , Alex . Frank look to katharine , he feel rotten about this . katharine ( annoyed , embarrassed ) Frank ! frank might as well get it over with , Katie . ( to Alex ) sorry , Alex . alex ( stare at katharine ) ... you have be a busy little beaver . she let the remark slide . Alex stand awkwardly , conscious of he hand , not know what to do with they . slide they into the pocket of he coat . katharine Frank , maybe Alex and I should talk alone ? frank sure ... sure , Katie . alex ( overlap ) no , no , do not let I interrupt . I be just leave . Alex , try to hide he feeling , move to the door with a kind of swagger . katharine grab he . she glance back at Frank , who disappear inside . katharine ... Alex , I like you very much . very much ... it 's just that Frank and I ... it 's comfortable , Alex . he put up with a lot . I just be not really sure ... until all this . ( a pause ) last night be my ... alex -- fault ? be that what you be go to say , fault ? katharine ( stiffening now ) no -- I will tell you what it be , rada . it 's that I be a sucker for decent guy . Men who never quite push hard enough , man who think they be tough , then let they - selve get rip apart inside because they really care about something ... only they will not admit it , even to themselves . ( beat ) decent guy , rada ... like you . a long moment from Alex . he 's unforgive . alex you leave out decent young girl . katharine 's eye narrow -- the hurt be there , but she will not strike back . katharine okay , Alex ... ( beat ) ... okay . alex and try this one on , lady . you ... efriendr ... Susan blake ?... Alfred Lynch do she , not the doyle kid . katharine ( not certain she 's grasp what Alex have just say ) what ? that 's just crazy talk . alex be it ? we will see . katharine Alex , do not do anything stupid . alex you pay I to do a job . like you say , all I have to do be push a little harder , right ? ext . fifth avenue - front of katharine's build - night Cars and bus . the glow from headlight . honking of horn . Alex cross the street toward Central Park . from behind , Frank Willis catch up . they stand in the middle of the avenue as traffic whizze by . frank look , Alex , it 's just the way it be . alex right , Frank . Cars dodging they . swerve . honk . frank can we at least talk about this on the sidewalk ? alex I do not give a shit -- you love she ? frank about the only thing I care about , old buck . Alex nod , accept this . he walk across the street . Frank wait for a car to pass , catch up again on the sidewalk opposite . travelling - alex and frank frank ... I want you to know something , Alex . about Katie . I know ... about she affair -- about the blake girl . she want someone to find she . I help . alex thanks for the business , Frank . frank you think I be a a-number - one putz , right ? Alex stop , pat Frank on the shoulder . alex it 's be a long night all around . I be go to go home . why do not you go where you have to , Frank . Alex again move up the block , Frank begin to follow , Alex wave he off . frank Alex ... alex ( turn toward Frank ) ... really , Frank . Alex turn away . we watch he pad downtown . ext . entrance to central park - night quiet . empty . a wall separate the entrance of the park from the sidewalk . bench line fifth Avenue in front of the wall . Alex , disconsolate , be not sit on a bench , but on top of the concrete wall . he stare off at the apartment building across the street . we hold on alex . ext . - sutton place - the lynch ' townhouse - night a squad car screech into frame . another and then another . police jump out , gun draw . flashlight spray the darkness . sprawle out on the sidewalk in a drunken stupor be Victor . he slowly attempt to get up as two cop approach . he stagger toward the brick of the townhouse , try to prop himself up near a window . the front door etta look out on this scene , half hide by the partially open door . the policemen and victor they help he up . as they do , he push they away , spread he arm in a gesture as if to say , " hey , I be fine . " one hand hold a bottle , Victor thrashes about , knock into a window pane , break it . a shrieking burglar alarm sound the policeman spin Victor around , grab the bottle , handcuff he from behind . the front step another patrolman move toward etta . policeman ( above the sound ) shut it off ! can you shut it off ? etta disappear . the patrolman wait . a squad car two policeman put Victor in the car , one tuck the back of he head down as he push he into the back seat . the front step the alarm have stop . a cop talk to etta . etta ... later . this be the lynch ' . Mrs. delaney Lynch and Mr. Alfred Lynch . nobody 's here now , later . policeman yes , ma'am . you be sure to turn that alarm back on now ? etta do not you worry about that . the squad car they leave , siren blaring . from the shadow as the squad car move out , Alex emerge from near a iron fence overlook the river . he sneak toward another ground floor window . with the siren still blaring , he break the pane . it can hardly be hear above the din . he reach in , unlatch the window lock , boost himself inside . int . lynch ' live room Alex move about , pull a flashlight from a pocket . in the b.g. there be a faint light come from the downstairs quarter . a staircase lead to the upstairs bedroom . Alex point the flashlight toward they . alfred lynch's bedroom Alex inspect the bedroom , look for some connection between Alfred Lynch and Susan blake . find a gun in the night table , examine it , put it back . the first floor study go through the oak desk , filing cabinet , papers on a small table . nothing . Alex sit in the leather chair behind the desk , glance to the open window , think . spot a few newspaper on top of the desk , leaf through they casually . they be all out of town papers : utica , syracuse , albany -- all have article about the campaign . a front page picture of delaney Lynch in the buffalo even News , she staff behind she . Alex notice something -- the long flow hair of a woman in the background of the photo . he open a drawer of the desk , then another . where would he see it ? find the magnify glass he would spot . insert -- newspaper photo see through magnifying glass Susan blake be clearly visible near hal rennert and Alfred Lynch . back to scene Alex fold the paper , stuff it in he jacket . place the magnify glass back in the drawer , it make a sound as he close it . Alex be up now . we hear a noise come from the hallway . instinctively , Alex pull he gun from the hip holster , unlock the safety . from outside in the hallway : etta ... Mr. Lynch ?... Jimmy doyle , be that you ...? Alex lower the gun down to he side , stand very still . a long moment , then footstep move away from the study . satisfied etta have go off , Alex turn toward the window . listen carefully , he hear another SOUND , this time from within the study . someone else be in this room . Alex shine the flashlight toward the sound . he see a pair of SMALL beady eye . Alex make a move to the window , bump he knee on the desk , knock he gun loose -- the gun goe off -- a chilling inhuman scream next to he . frantically , Alex point the flashlight toward the floor , grab he gun . leap toward the window . ext . sutton place - night Alex run down the block , around the corner . ext . york avenue - night Alex still run through the street . look behind . no one follow . he stop to catch he breath . we can now see feather on he jacket , in he hair . he notice they . breathe heavily , he brushes they off . it dawns on he , a slight smirk . alex bye , bye , birdie . int . kitchen - lynch townhouse - early morning delaney and Alfred , both in robe , be up and about . delaney reach for a bowl , place it on a counter . Alfred sit at the table . they look tired . etta appear in the entrance to the kitchen , surprised to see the lynch . etta ( move toward counter ) Mrs. Lynch ...? I will do that . delaney that 's all right , etta , I will take care of it this morning . etta yes , ma'am . etta exit . delaney cross to the refrigerator , retrieve some butter and egg along with a carton of orange juice . delaney nothing be take ? alfred I do not think so . delaney Son of a bitch ! why would someone do that ? they be look for something , Alfred . move to Alfred , pour he some juice . alfred what could they find ? do not let this interfere with what we have to do . delaney cross back to the counter . heat a fry pan . delaney it be much simpler back when ... remember , make you breakfast in the house on legion Street ? ( beat ; think ) ... they do not have to kill griffin . it be plan . I be tell you , Alfred , this be plan . stare off now , delaney crack the egg against the side of the bowl . lose in think . a beat . delaney ... that detective katharine 's see . he think he have reason to be susp ... alfred ( interrupt ) perhaps I should have a talk with Mr. rada . a meeting ... to discuss he future . beating the egg in the bowl . delaney yes . yes . and I want katharine with I in albany tomorrow . close on the frying pan delaney pour in the egg , the pan sizzle . alfred ( v.o . ) of course , it 's really not we affair . it 's possible she may not see he again . a sunlit sky bracketed by two CITY skyscraper - tilt down to : the wollman ice rink a man sit on a bench . we move in closer . it 's Alex . he 's feed pigeon from a brown paper bag . he hold a newspaper under he arm . school child parade past , all in the unifrom of some private academy . Alex linger on the bench , then move to the railing of the ice rink to watch the skater . katharine raine stride into view , stand next to Alex . he do not look at she . katharine thanks , Alex . alex anytime . katharine I still feel as though ... alex -- that 's not what you want to talk about , be it ? she take a thick envelope from she coat , hand it to Alex . katharine no , I bring you something . Alex open it -- a whole lot of money . he flip through the bill , place the envelope in he pocket . alex ( still watch skater ) ... you know , the other night at that dinner party , I have a conversation with Alfred Lynch in he study . I think he be try to warn I off you ... but it be Susan blake he be talk about . I be a little slow . katharine I just do not believe it . let the police handle it . alex ( turn toward she ) the police ? why the police all of a sudden ? katharine take the money , Alex . it 's finish . ( beat ) just some freak ... some crazy freak ; it be not Alfred Lynch . CUT ahead to : a central park path - travelling with alex and katharine alex ... he would not get he hand dirty . ( stare at she ) you forget what they do to she ? it be the doyle kid , but he do it for Alfred Lynch ... for elynchr . when doyle use to pick she up downtown , he be drive she to see you friend Alfred . alex ( cont would . ) ( beat ) and I have get news for you , Susan blake be not really miss , she be upstate -- with he . katharine ( uncertain ) how do you know that ? I read it in the papers . Alex hand she the paper he carry under he arm -- the copy of the ebuffalo even newsr . katharine stop , study the picture , look to Alex . katharine ( still resisting ) ... it do not prove he have she kill . why ? alex Susan blake have trouble let go . maybe she be go to tell the future Senator , or the papers . maybe Alfred get nervous ... maybe he enjoy it . katharine ... let I count the maybe 's . you will need something more than a newspaper picture and speculation about ... alex -- well , I will let you know tonight , Alfred want to see I . katharine ( incredulous ) what ? alex right . why would Alfred Lynch want to see I , get some advice on a leverage buyout , maybe ? I will call you tonight ... katharine -- I will not be around tonight , I be go to albany with delaney -- the last veress debate . I want out , Alex . katharine ( cont would . ) I want the investigation finish . ( she turn to leave ) just finish it now , okay ? Alex grab she arm , take out the envelope . he remove a few bill , hand katharine back the envelope with the rest of the money . alex ( a wry smile ) for expense . probably will not be able to use the rest anyway . ( serious now ) what do that mean , ' you want out ? ' -- that mean you do not want to know ... or that you already know ? int . alfred lynch's study - night a eerie glow . the only illumination , the light from the green tiffany lamp on the desk . Alex and Alfred sit across the desk from one another , stare , not say a word . Alfred 's hand rest under he chin , as if in prayer . finally : alfred you can not seriously believe I have something to do with this woman 's death ? it 's delusional , Mr. rada . alex I think you be screwing she and you have you boy doyle kill she ... that 's what I think . Alfred do not react , he eye betray nothing . alfred you see she picture in a newspaper . lot 's of woman follow the campaign around , that 's hardly a indictment for murder ... do you know I be astonished by you ? you have get ball , all right . do you actually think you can challenge I ? in this town ? ( beat ) I will tell you this : nothing be go alfred ( cont would . ) to stand in the way of my wife 's election . you may not comprehend this , Mr. rada , but I hold you future in my hand . Alfred rise to he foot , move to the now empty perch of the macaw , swing it slowly back and forth . he face away from Alex . alex you would not be threaten I would you , Mr. Lynch ? alfred ( disdainful tone ) not at all , Mr. rada . alex you know I see she , after . ( beat ) her gut be in a puddle on the floor . Alfred turn toward Alex , just stare at he for a long moment . alex yeah ...? alfred someone break in here last night . deliberately kill we macaw . it be a vicious , spiteful act . alex maybe the bird have enemy . alfred be you try to be clever , Mr. rada ? alex ( mimick Alfred 's disdainful tone ) not at all , Mr. Lynch . a curl from Alfred 's lip , not actually a smile . alfred you earer interesting in you own way . do you know epolitics among nationsr ? I have it here somewhere . put a hand in he pocket , move to the bookshelf . look for the volume . can not find it . alfred in any case , it 's the same among human being -- one nation ... one person , they be essentially irrelevant . it 's power that count . power , Mr. rada , be a elegant principle of universal law , the less you use , the more you accumulate . ( beat ) and if you edor use it and lose , its evanescent nature become clear . Alex stare blankly -- be this guy joke ? a deep sigh from Alfred , know he 's not quite communicate . tries the direct tack . alfred -- what I mean , Mr. rada , be that if you go up against I , you better be damn sure you can win . alex well , Mr. Lynch , I be go to give what you say a great deal of consideration . yes sir ... consideration . alfred ( he do laugh -- in disbelief ) you be a ballsy son of a bitch . ( beat ) know Cargill , finch and Wells ? alex yeah , I know it . Big time law firm . so ? .bp alfred they be look for a investigator , I will arrange it for you . we will call it a lesson in power -- it enhance mine and you get a chance to accumulate a little of you own . I would rather have you on my side of the line , even though , quite frankly , Mr. rada , ( enunciate slowly ) you be one very small piece of shit . alex I appreciate the sentiment . alfred it 's you life after all ... think about it . ext . sutton place - night Alex walk along the sidewalk opposite the Lynch townhouse . glance back over he shoulder , see Alfred through the window . he 's frame by the glow of the tiffany lamp , work on papers at he desk . we follow Alex to the corner . very little activity on York Avenue . headlight of a black sedan switch on , the car roll toward Alex , gain speed as it pull away from the sidewalk . for a moment , Alex freeze . the car shoot by he . Alex turn , again look back toward the lynch ' study . the light have go out . int . alex' apartment - night Alex be on the phone with detective demarko . alex ... I might have something for you . you may not like ... what ? no , do not worry . ( beat ) ... hey , demarko I need a little favor ... c'mon , would I do that ? look , can you check on a drunk and disorderly for I , up at the eleventh ? the name be D apostrophe a-m-a-t-o... Victor ... it could not have be much . if you would ... a knock on the door . alex ( raise voice toward the door ) yeah , hold on ! ( into phone ) ... yeah , pal , demarko . vagrant be my life , right . will you check ? thanks , you be a prince ... wha ... a few day , okay . right . hang up . rise . alex who be it ? from behind the door . victor ( v.o. ) it 's I , Alex -- Victor . move to the kitchen table , pick up a glass decanter of gum drop with a small ribbon attach . Alex stride toward the door . alex I be just talk about you . ( as he open the door ) get you something ... the OPEN door - close on victor' face his eye bulge , a screwdriver plant in he neck . Victor clutches at it , fall toward Alex . alex stunne , catch he with one hand , still hold the decanter in the other . from behind the door - jimmy doyle holding another sharpen screwdriver , plunge it toward Alex 's face . instinctively , Alex hold up the decanter -- it block the weapon . the decanter be shattered , the content spilling over the floor . alex and doyle doyle lunge at he again , but he slip over the gum drop on the floor . Falls . sprawle on he back . Alex try to lay Victor down gently , kick at doyle at the same time . Alex catch he square in the face , doyle writhes in pain . alex be hip holster he reach for he gun , pull it out . doyle on the floor , lash out with the screwdriver , stab Alex in the leg . alex as he scream in pain , " Son of a bitch . " tries to aim the gun at doyle . doyle scramble up , run out the door . alex down on one knee now , hold he leg . look to Victor , turn he over . nothing he can do for he anymore . Alex be up , half run , half hobbling out the door , down the stair . on the avenue Alex spot doyle run up the block . brace himself and point he weapon . people near he scatter . he squint , can not quite see . too much of a crowd up ahead anyway . take off after doyle , forget he leg . we can see the blood drench through he pant leg . running through the street past street peddler push they ware , past outdoor fruit stand still open -- not get much closer to doyle . Alex see he turn down a side street . the side STREET much quieter , no one about . we hear glass shatter in the distance . Alex stop , listen for it again . he move past the ukrainian church we have see before , toward a row of tenement building . the step of a tenement build Alex peer in toward the entrance -- the inner glass door have be shattered . not all that unusual in this neighborhood . tenement build - ground floor Inside , Alex check the hall . gun draw . he move cautiously toward the stair . climb up slowly , he feel he leg for the first time , reach around to touch the back of he pants . stare dumbly at he bloody hand . third floor landing Alex hug the wall , quickly move out into the light . point he gun toward the landing above . no one there . the door to the roof Alex on the last set of stair , push through the door . the roof we pan the roof area -- unused brick smoke stack , a flat tar - paper surface with no barrier at the roof 's edge ; no connection to the next tenement building , or to the ukrainian church on the other side . Alex listen for a sound , can not hear anything but vague traffic noise below -- maybe doyle be not here . Alex turn to leave , open the roof door . as he do , from above the roof door -- a arm slashes out , rip through Alex 's jacket . alex clenches the arm , rip doyle down from above the door . doyle on he back , a gun point in he face . we hear a click as the a - 90 be cocked . CUT ahead to : the edge of the roof - alex and doyle Alex hold doyle by he hair , the gun be point not at doyle 's head , but press against he crouch . alex ( pull hard on doyle 's hair ) tell I what I want to hear , you fuckin ' little cum stain or -- you - be - Dead . doyle you want to know if I kill the bitch , too ? yeah . you think I be afraid of die , man ? not like you friend . piss in he pants . ( beat ; taunting Alex ) it be my idea to rip she open -- and the blood all over the wall , too ... ( almost a ecstasy ) ... it be majestic . Alex pull doyle 's hair tighter , hold he over the edge of the roof -- we can see the church step , the street far below . doyle ( contemptuous , challenging Alex ) I fuck she , rada ... after . Alex . lose it . shout now . alex why do you bring she back to that apartment !? doyle I do what I want , I do what I be tell . fu -- cking majestic . alex by Lynch ? Alfred Lynch tell you !? doyle spit at Alex , shake he head loose from Alex 's grip . spread he arm out as if to fly . pushes off the roof . as he fall backward toward the street below : doyle ( laugh and yell as he plummet ) yeah ! Lynch ! fuck you ! Alex lean over the edge , watch he fall . we can make out a figure walk down the church step . the church step the figure be Father stefanyk . he glance up as doyle crash onto the church step next to he , landing with arm out - stretch in the shape of a cross . Father stefanyk look to the body , toward the sky , toward the body again . he kneel , cross himself . int . detective demarko' desk - manhattan south pct . - day lot of activity . demarko have a folder open . Alex be next to he demarko forget it . alex she be knock unconscious and then bring back to that apartment -- ethenr she be kill . demarko you get something that be not old news ? alex why do doyle go to all the trouble to bring she up there ? he could have do she and dumped the body anywhere . demarko what the hell do this have to do with Alfred Lynch ? alex Susan blake have a lover , a lover that pay for that place -- maybe Lynch do not know who it be , but he be go to lay it on whoever be keep she ... and he be go to leave it to you to find out who . then I come along and screw thing up for he . demarko in the first place , Susan blake pay for that place every month , with she own check . alex yeah , so where do she get the money ? demarko ... maybe she earn it . look , rada , you do not really think I be go to arrest Alfred Lynch -- ealfred Lynch yetr , on some cockamamie theory about a lover and why the doyle kid do the girl in she own apartment ? the doyle kid be a freak show -- he be into whaddaya call it , uh , performance artwork -- that 's why he do she there with all the blood ... like a ritual , see ? alex doyle admit it be Alfred Lynch . demarko shake he head , grimace . speak to Alex as though he be incapable of comprehension . demarko do you know if I arrest Alfred Lynch on the basis of what you have be say they would have my shield . eat bestR , demarko ( cont would . ) I would be do dispatch duty at the borough , answer phone -- give out log number all day . I do not want to do that . Alex lean on the desk , grab a pencil from several in a mug , start tapping the pencil on the desktop as he listen . demarko now , this case be close . the lieutenant say it 's close , the assistant chief say it 's close and I say it 's close , okay ? alex okay , demarko , but let I guess ? nothing to the press until eafterr the election , right ? demarko ( defensive ) that 's the way it 's come down , yeah . there be some loose end , some paper work , sure -- so ? alex right . after the election . demarko rada , what be you knock you head against ? it do not work . and where the hell be this so call lover -- you get absolutely nothing . Alex look to demarko , realize he 's right . stick the pencil back in the mug , get up , stride for the door . demarko ( yell after he ) hey , rada , where you go ? ... albany . ext . albany airport - evening a commercial flight land , taxi towards a gate . int . airport Alex move though the airport with other passenger . ext . albany marriott HOTEL - evening a cab pull up . Alex get out , enter the hotel . int . sitting area - delaney lynch suite - marriott - evening delaney and she campaign aide . last minute detail on the Peter veress debate . clipboard . pace . joke . david garth ... sure , from he perspective he have nothing to lose . delaney I want to grind he , go over sixty percent on Tuesday . hal rennert we may be vulnerable on the crime issue , he will do the prosecutor veress number . delaney that sound like a Frank Willis remark . ( glance over to Frank , smile ) I think I can hit the curve ball , hal . just throw back the statistic at he . nobody 's go to be listen to Peter veress anyway , they be all go to be watch for that little tic . some laughter . except for katharine . she seem preoccupy . hal rennert every one of that little baby be worth at least a half a percentage point . Press guy have a pool on how many . more laughter . delaney ( check around ) that everything ? okay , guy , I would like to relax a little . Frank , hal , David garth and a few aide start pack up . katharine linger , move to delaney . delaney katharine ? katharine maybe this be not the best time ? delaney what 's up ? delaney stride toward the bedroom portion of the suite . katharine follow . the man file out the door toward the hall . katharine Alfred meet with Alex rada yesterday . delaney Alfred 's get he a position at Cargill , finch . katharine what ? you be joke ? Alex rada ? int . suite bedroom delaney sit at a dress table , turn toward katharine . delaney I believe so . ( beat ) he 's accept . we think that 's what you would want . int . hallway - marriott HOTEL - evening Alex move down the hallway toward the suite . spot the boy come out . they acknowledge he . Frank do a double- take . frank Alex . what be you do here ? alex katharine in there ? Frank grab Alex by the arm . Alex shoot he a look . Frank let go . frank let I buy you a drink , Alex . alex ( hesitates ; nod ) sure . later , Frank , okay ? I will meet you in the bar . the last one out of the room be David garth . Alex push past he and into the suite . int . suite - sitting area Alex do not immediately see anyone . he walk to the bedroom door , spot delaney and katharine inside . int . bedroom area delaney rotate she neck , as though she be tense , tired . we see Alex in b.g. delaney press she finger against the muscle of she neck , stare at katharine , almost nostalgically . through the mirror on the dress table : delaney I have always want the best for you , katharine ... for the first time we see a softness in delaney 's eye . delaney ... one last time ?... like it use to be ... ( beat ) ... massage my neck ? katharine move she hand to delaney 's shoulder , feel the taut muscle . she do this apprehensively , and with a curious detachment -- a involuntary act which she have do before . her motion stop . katharine turn toward the bedroom entrance . Alex . she see he . startle . delaney now turn , too . alex what 's the matter , do not you recognize you old friend ? katharine Alex ! Alex -- stare at the two of they for a long moment . comprehend more than katharine do . alex ( to katharine ) ... you be a real mess , honey . he move into the room , glare at delaney . alex ( to delaney ) it be you , be not it ? ( a derisive laugh to himself ) have the wrong Lynch . doyle be pick she up for you ... eyour and Susan blake , not Alfred . katharine -- confuse , frighten . push not to show it . katharine what be he talk about ?! alex ( to katharine ) the senator edesignater here want to hang Susan blake 's other lover . when she find out it be you , it be a whole other story . ( stare hard at delaney now ) she try to scare you into leave for a while , or at least have I call off . -- damage control be better downtown than with I , right Senator ? delaney do not respond . Alex glare at the two of they , then turn for the door . alex ( as he move ) by the way , you be go to need a new chauffeur . doyle 's dead . ... have a nice debate . katharine watch delaney through the mirror . realizing . delaney ( use the mirror to converse ) katharine ? I would never hurt you , you know that . just as you would never hurt I . a wave of revulsion wash over katharine 's face . she hold a moment , then storm out of the room . delaney casually reach for a brush , about to stroke she hair with it . slam it down on the dresser . rushes to catch up with katharine . int . sitting room delaney katharine ! ( check herself ; softer ) katharine , you need a rest -- you need one now . I be sorry about Susan blake . if Jimmy ... whatever Jimmy doyle do to she , it 's over now . ( beat ) katharine , we be on we way . katharine you know she . delaney yes , I know she . she be around the campaign , you know that . katharine you bitch ! Jimmy doyle . it be you -- Susan would not let go ... she tell you , what ? -- that she would make it public ? she would not have , you know . she never would have . ( beat ) all she want be someone who would care about she -- someone who be not after something . Susan need decency in she life , there be never enough of that around ... and you be incapable of decency . delaney ( hard ) it 's you that do not understand . she be a duplicitous little tramp who would do anything for she own benefit . she play a good game , katharine . she fool we both -- do not you see I would have too much to lose ? katharine what have you do !? delaney you be confuse . I have not do anything . a freeze beat . stun monotone from katharine . katharine you be not even contrite , be you ? delaney contrite ? what would you like I to be esorry R about ? ( beat ) contrition be bullshit . ext . albany conference cntr . - the rockefeller complex - night a area once know as the mall . State building surround a long rectangular wading pool . desolate at night . this be the site of the Lynch - veress debate . two solitary figure set against the marble backdrop of the building , gust of wind blow a occasional bit of trash past they foot . close on - alex and katharine katharine no one be go to believe you . first you say it 's Alfred , then you say delaney -- and what proof be there ? who 's go to buy it ? alex no one have to buy it , katharine . you can take it away from she -- the election be the most important thing in she life -- and all you have to do be pop the lid . katharine fold she arm , glare at she own reflection in the pool . alex just say you be once delaney Lynch 's lover , that you know she be have a affair with the girl that get kill . ( beat ) how do you think that would play ? katharine I do not know about Susan and delaney . alex you do now . light and a crowd come from a building know as ' the Egg . ' the entrance to the egg photographer and press follow delaney and she entourage from the building . she 's all smile . lot of noise . lot of : " how would you think you do ? " ; " do you win that one , delaney ? " ; " remember I on Tuesday " ; etc . Cars pull up , delaney and the entourage get in . Frank Willis spot Alex and katharine by the rectangular pool . rectangular pool area Alex and katharine watch as the light fade , as the crowd disperse . Frank slowly move toward they . the three of they together now . the wind whip up , chill by the marble and the desolation . we hold . close on a mini - cam as we pull back , we can see the electronic and print press at a news conference . we be in a conference room at the albany Marriott . Frank Willis move to a podium . he have not get much sleep . katharine wait in back . some reporter sit , other stand . woman reporter Frank , be this go to be official ? frank ( sullen ) Dr. raine have a statement . we be not go to be take question . reporter # 2 c'mon , Frank , let 's have a little cooperation . frank Dr. raine be go to read she statement . noise and activity from the press corp . frank if you will be quiet boy and girl , we have a statement . Frank nod toward katharine . she approach the microphone . int . lobby area - outside conference room - marriott - day ( the scene should have a documentary , hand -held camera feel . ) buzz with activity . Reporters scurry in the background . cable hastily strung about . a gabe pressman type ready a stand - up . a reporter near he look into a small monitor near he foot . ( the dialog in the scene overlap ) . gabe pressman type ... do we have a feed ? woman reporter okay , let I know when you be ready . another reporter next to she , hold a mike and press a finger to he earpiece . he 's on air . on - AIR reporter -- it look that way . the disclosure by a aide to delaney Lynch have apparently crippled this campaign , Tom . we see light turn on and off , other reporter , other sound bite like : " so close to the election " ; " ...a disaster for this campaign " ; etc . camera slowly pull away from this scene . dissolve to : int . cargill , finch and well office - day Alex , he back to we , stare out the window . he wear a suit . alex be Pov - the STREET below a few floor up . across the street we see the New York Public library . outside , in front of the building , a limousine pull up . a chauffeur open the door for the man in back . the man be Alfred Lynch . new angle a secretary walk in . secretary Mr. Lynch be on he way up to see Mr. Wells . will you be join they ? Alex turn toward the secretary . he be wearing glass . alex no , I do not think so . secretary it 's a shame about Mrs. Lynch . awful , be not it ? alex yeah , awful . he move to he desk , sit down . the secretary point to some box . secretary can I help you unpack ? alex do not bother , I will not be here that long . she give he a strange look , shrug , exit . Alex gaze out over the street to the library , to the stone lion guard its entrance . lose in think . he watch a group of school child from some private academy march up the step , all in uniform , all in unison . fade out the end