— — @ prince of darkness a screenplay by Martin quatermass revised shoot script April 25 , 1987 haunted Machine production , Inc . revised - '' prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 o 1 title sequence MAIN title begin over black , as we hear dark electronic music -- baroque , classical , haunt ... 2 ext . sky - moon - night the pale orb . 3 int . sentinel' bedroom - night a tiny bedroom . Priest 's. cell . spare . moody shadow from the window . a large cross on the wall . the sentinel lie on a bed . he be a ancient old man . his eye flicker , cloud over ... slowly , he expire . he hand : as he die , the sentinel 's hand siowly open , revealing a ornate black box -- seal -- like a miniature coffin , which slip between he lifeless finger ... the floor : as the ornate box land on the hard wood ... 4 black screen superimpose MAIN title . '' prince of darkness " . od 5 omit 6 ext . univeristy campus - day a idyllic campus . charm ivy -cover building . student stroll the grounds . pan with a pretty CO - ed on a bicycle * to reveal : brian marsh , 24 , a graduate student in physics , newly arrive on campus , walk down a sunlit courtyard carry ah - armload of 's textbooks . he glance over ... brian Pov : near a fountain . catherine midwood , 24 , talk with another female graduate student . they seem to be tell each other joke , laugh . Catherine be pretty . open. intelligent . tomboyish , in a way . close on Brian as he slow , watch ... he Pov : Catherine walk away with she friend ... and Brian can not resist look over he shoulder at this beautiful girl as he enter ' the feynman Institute of oe physics ' ... 10 11 black screen . continue MAIN title . int . sentinel' bedroom - day the door open a a nun , 5as , appear . she step inside the tiny cell ... her Pov : the sentinel lie still as death in he bed ... the nun say something m.o.s. , get no response . then she look down ... her Pov : that ornate box lie on the floor ... a hour later : the priest , 5as , lean over a small table in the corner of the sentinel 's room . he be a strong - will man , he eye direct , humorless . in b.g. the nun watch as the priest read ... priest Pov : a old weatherbeaten notebook . at the top of the yellow page be write : '' Brotherhood of sleep " . the priest read on , he brow furrowing ... priest Pov : extreme close -up . in the middle of a page of handwrite , see the phrase : " ... the sleeper wake ... " and , right below , " ...can no longer keep ... " ext . university - day professor howard dirac , 5as , a theoretical physicist , walk across campus carry he briefcase . dirac be of chinese ancestry , a determine - look man . he glance around at the student go to they class ... low angle : we see dirac walk toward the physics building in b.g . in f£.g. - be a mound of grass , and under the bright green grass and leave see thousand of ant scurrying madly ... dirac stop at the entrance to the physics building . he glance up into the morning sky ... dirac' Pov : a strange alignment in the early morning sky . the moon be visible directly above the sun ... [ effect ] black screen . more title . ext . diocese ground - day a beautiful expanse . trees. Green lawn . the priest shake hand with a bishop and archbishop , two berobe luminary of the Roman Catholic Church . ( continued ) C ) will 12 13 continued : the three man talk m.o.s . out of door , on the quiet grounds , it 's private here , somehow -- among the flower . they be serious . intent . out of he pocket the priest bring something to show they ... the priest hand : the ornate box . he open it , and inside be a large silver key ... black screen . continue MAIN title . int . lecture hall - day Professor dirac be lecture to a graduate physics class . the class be small . the brightest of the bright . there 's walter , 30 , chinese . kelly , 20 , pretty and outgo . mullins , 30 . five other student listen , take note ... dirac let 's talk about we belief and what we can learn about they ... we believe nature be solid and time be constant . matter have substance , time a direction . there be truth in flesh and solid ground . the wind may be invisible , but it 's real . smoke and fire , water and light -- they be different , not as stone nor steel , but they be tangible ... now we see Brian sit near the back , not pay all that much attention to the lecture , look at : brian be Pov : Catherine , sit a few row in front . she listen attentively , take note ... Brian do stare somewhat dreamily at she ... dirac and we assume time have a arrow . it be as a clock -- one second be one second for _everyone . Cause precede effect . fruit rot , water flow downstream , we be bear , we age , we die . the reverse never happen . a beat as dirac pause , a slight smile ... ( continued ) 13 14 15 16 17 continued : dirac none of this be true . say goodbye to classical reality , because we logic collapse on the subatomic level -- into ghost and shadow ... ext . abandoned church - day the priest stand in front of a huge abandon church somewhere in Los Angeles . it be immense . gothic . its spire sweep upward into the sky . the priest look at the old abandon church with a sense of unease ... int . abandoned church - rear hallway - day a large , dusty hallway . the priest walk slowly along . his footstep echo . it 's eerie . in here , the sunlight drift in large , high window . now the priest stop at a huge iron door . extremely old . mammoth . it look bomb-proof , earthquake - proof , other act - of - God proof ... the priest pause a moment by the iron door . then he take out that ornate box , remove the key , insert it in the lock . black screen - more title . ext . campus - night Brian walk along . he slow , look over ... brian be - Pov :. Catherine enter the university book store . Brian stop . glance at he watch . Parks himself by a bench to wait . he look up ... brian Pov : the night sky . huge full moon . leave of a nearby tree swish silently in f.g. [ effect } Brian now look over ... brian be Pov : Catherine come out of the book store with a handsome man , 27 . they laugh and talk . he could be a student , a teacher , athlete , who know ? hard to tell if they be just friend or on a more intimate basis ... ( continued ) 17 18 19 20 continued : Brian . he look somewhat disappointed . but he 's not sure either ... int . priest room - night the priest be write at a table - top computer . he be tense , drive . he finish type , punch a couple button , and the printer begin clacking madly as it type out what he 's write ... priest Pov : the printer . a address click across the page : " Professor Howard dirac , feynman Institute of physics ... " close on the priest : he have a distant expression . extreme close - up : the paper , as the printing element snap across : " ...of the utmost urgency ... " black screen . title . int . lecture hall ~- day dirac be lecture again ... dirac from job 's friend insist that the good be reward and the wick punish , down to scientist in the 1930s prove , to they horror , a theorem that not everything can be prove , we have seek to impose order on the universe ... Brian 's not pay attention during this lecture either . he. look at ... brian be Pov : Catherine , who listen interestedly ... dirac but we have find something very surprising . while order do exist in the universe , it be not at all what we have in mind ... now Brian glance over at the window let in that warm , California sunlight ... brian be Pov : a black limousine pull up in front of the physics building . it 's ominous somehow , that big black car against the verdant green of the campus ... — , Sf for revised - " prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 int . hallway - physics build - day after class . Graduate student wander out of the lecture hall . Catherine come out , walk by camera . a beat later , stop , watch she ... Brian exit brian be Pov : Catherine walk away down the hall ... Brian . he 's definitely in love . see ... or close to it . brian Pov : a mother superior walk down the hall , pass Catherine , come this way ... medium shot : Brian , as dirac emerge from the lecture hall , pass Brian and move o.s . brian Pov : as dirac be meet by the mother Superior . talk m.o.s . -- they be just far enough out of earshot . the mother Superior hand dirac a seal envelope ... Brian , as waiter drift over to he ... walter ( sotto voce ) what 's this ? brian I do not know . dirac do that series of debate on the b.b.c . a few year ago ... walter oh , with the priest , right ... brian maybe they be plan another one ... black screen . more title . ext . spanish mission - day a car pull up in front . of a California Spanish mission . dirac emerge from the car . walk up some step into a portico . look off ... dirac' Pov : a group of nun walk , they robe billow by the wind , they habit flutter ... ( continued ) o™ i } ns 23 23a 24 25 revised - " prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 continued : at behind dirac the priest walk out of the mission , come up to he . they shake hand , talk m.o.s . they seem happy to see each other , renewing a old acquaintance . int . mission - ornate sanctuary - day dirac and the priest enter a ornate sanctuary inside the mission . they move away from camera and now the priest tell dirac something m.o.s . we do not hear , but dirac be absolutely stunne by what the priest be say . alarm . then nonpluss . +e the closer angle , to hear ... priest he die before he appointment with the cardinal -- but he leave a diary ... the priest hand dirac the notebook ... priest you have get to help we ... please . dirac search the priest 's expression , find only fear ... black screen . title . int . brian apartment ~- night spartan . spare . lot of book stack around . a messy bed . Brian sit at a desk , shuffle a deck of card . he 's practice a magic trick , make a card disappear in he hand . | but he 's bad at it , and the card keep drop out onthe desk . frustrate , he glance up now at a old tv set with its sound turn down ... brian Pov : tv . the news be on and the anchor be talk m.0.8 . superimposed over be the legend : " new discovery " . then we see a photograph of a distant galaxy , and we zoom in on a glow , explode star -- a supernova ... shoot over the tv on Brian as he come up to the set , turn up the sound , return to the desk ... ( continued ) 25 26 27 28 29 30 revised - '' prince of darkness " - 4/25/97 continued : announcer ( v.0 . ) ++. take place in pre ~cambrian time , and scientist say the light from this stellar explosion be just now reach we across the vast gulf of space ... now camera boom down ... and across the back of the iv set be thousand of ant racing around madly 9 } on 1 the with warm ' surface ... ext . abandoned church - day as dirac and the priest step from a limousine and walk to the old crumble church ... int . abandoned church - front hallway - day the priest and dirac step in to the dilapidate front hall , move past some stair to a hallway ... int . rear hallway they come to that massive iron door . the priest insert the silver key ... int . crumbling stairway - day +.+ and the iron door swing open on to a long stone stair - way that lead downward . there be no window in here . the priest turn on a flashlight and lead dirac down ... int . crumbling hallway - day they come off the stairway into a old , crumble hallway . unlike the church upstairs , it resemble some ornate old catacomb . camera move with they down the hall ... dirac who know about this ? priest only member of this forget sect . the Brotherhood of sleep . * - 31 32 33 34 35 revised - '' prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 int . dank corridor - strange hallway - day now they move down a dank corridor . Dark . Water drip from above . the priest 's flashlight beam spin around the wall . they seem to be go deeper and deeper ... priest this be build in the 1500s . the altar be move here from England . before England , it be in Rome ... dirac the vatican do not know ? priest the guardian priest would keep the secret , and before he die would pass it on to another ... they turn a corner ... into a strange hallway . there be cross on the stone wall . everywhere . the small hall 's wet , ancient . dirac and the priest stop , and camera move in , pan , and we see they be stand in a mezzanine over look a huge underground church build deep in the bowel of the earth under the abandon church above ... now see something glow in the apse -- a weird yellow glow ... it 's a container of some kind ... omit black screen . final title . omit int ... underground church =~ day dirac and the priest enter the underground church . it be moist , drip in here . there be literally hundred of cross everywhere -- on the wall , on stanchion , on the floor . the priest light a few candle . dirac be clearly stunne . they start down the aisle toward the front , camera moving with they . dirac stare ahead . the priest look anxious , almost frighten ... ( continued ) ee ee ae * 35 10 . continued : dirac' Pov : we move toward a large transparent canister of liguid in the apse . all the cross seem to point toward this canister as if some sort of evil be be hold at bay . it be seal with a heavy , screw - on lid . it look vastly old . dirac and the priest walk , the flashlight beam spin , stare ... dirac' Pov : move in close on the canister . the mold and corrosion on the top and bottom of the canister look pre- historic . Inside the seal compartment there be a weird water dance -- the liquid , a faint yellowish color , glow and swirl -- somehow alive ! dirac and the priest stop in front of the canister . the priest light several candle . below the canister be a 1d book on a podium . the priest carefully open the book , shine the flashlight on its yellow page ... dirac Latin . priest the original text have be distort through the year ... dirac distorted ? priest rewritten . change . dirac lean forward , gingerly examine the book ... priest it 's be write on two or three time and improperly erase . you see -~ the original text be still visible -- underneath . dirac look back up at the strangely glow canister . the priest stare at it , too . there 's a unmistakable look on they face -- dread , fear ... priest can you feel it ? dirac yes ... something ... ( continued ) will . 35 continued : priest it be never there before . it start a month ago ... dirac what start ? priest a change -~ in the earth and sky ... his power ... 36 ext . university campus - day Catherine and walter walk together on they way to class . camera move along with they ... walter I do not get it . catherine what do not you get ? walter the whole thing . it do not make sense . catherine it violate common sense , that 's the whole point . that 's what Einstein could not accept . walter I can not accept it either . ( beat ) do you know anything about spontaneous human combustion ? catherine walter , come on ... schrodinger 's cat ... walter I know , I know ... ( continued ) of ~ al 36 37 12 . continued : catherine so , what 's the point ? the point be , until the cat be observe by someone , he be not in any definite state , alive or dead . he be in a wave superposition state , both dead and alive at the same time ... walter huh ? catherine only when we open the box and observe the cat do he material - ize into reality , either dead or alive ... walter but it do not make sense ... catherine that 's the entire , complete point . it do not make any common sense , we common sense break down on the subatomic level . walter why do I want a Ph.D. in this ? catherine particle beam weapon , research grant ... walter a-millionaire when I be 40 -- now I remember ... int . hallway - physics build - day Catherine and walter walk down the hall ... catherine's Pov : moving shot of Brian lean against the wall opposite the door to the lecture room . he 's look back at she . only two of the other student from dirac 's class be here ~- Kelly and mullin ... Catherine smile at Brian as she and walter stop at the lecture hall door , stare at a note tape there ... ( continued ) 13 . 37 continued : mullins you be not go to like it ... there Pov : the note : '' CLASS cancelled . the following student see prof . dirac ... " a list of name follow . walter ' the follow student ...' shit , there I be ... catherine I too ... brian I hear dirac want we to cancel we plan for the weekend ... walter ( horrify ) what ? . kelly that 's not all ... a couple of biochemistry 's finest be come with we ... mullins and someone to translate Latin ... catherine come with we where ? nobody know ... as walter turn and walk moodily away ... walter I be go to have to pull some string , here , this be just not gonna happen . I have serious plan for the weekend ... kelly four o'clock , walter . dirac 's office ... ( turn to the ' other ) I will have to ditch pagel again , e and he 's not go to like it ... ( continued ) J 14 . 37 continued : mullins sleep with he -- get you a ... kelly ( as she leave ) you be a wonderful person ... now mullin drift away too , as Brian smile at Catherine . brian so what about you plan ? catherine I be go to study , actually . brian ( relieved ) yeah , I too ... I be Brian marsh , by the way , since we be spend the weekend together ... catherine I know . Catherine midwood . brian I know . 38 ext . campus - day as Brian and Catherine walk along , camera drifting with they ... catherine where do you transfer from ? . brian kneale . theoretical physics . I come here to study with dirac . you be apply physics ? ( she nod ) so why be you take dirac for theory ? catherine I want to tknow what the math mean . brian dirac 's ruthless . he want e philosopher , not scientist . ( continued ) 38 39 15 . continued : catherine I read he book . he 's a brilliant man ... ext . campus courtyard - day they sit in a beautiful courtyard outside the philosophy building ... catherine sound mystical , do not it ? observer - create reality . brian I start solving differential equation when I be a sophomore . at first it be just a exercise . solve the math , no big deal . but then when I start to think about what all this math imply ... strange way to find out thing be not the way I think they be ... . catherine sometimes just as I think I have get it , visualize it -- it all go away . I start see old - fashioned classical reality . I want the clockwork back . I want to put it all into a little box , but whenever I try , it slither out ... Brian reach in he pocket , come out with he deck of card ... brian some thing be not change by quantum physics ... catherine such as ? brian every theoretical physicist I know wonder why nobody who look like you seem to ever settle down in we end of the building ... ( continued ) sb '' 39 revised - " prince of darkness " ~ 4/25/87 16 . continued : catherine that 's not true and that 's a extremely sexist thing to say . brian confirm sexist . proud of it . ( but now he see that a wall have go up around she ) hey , wait ... I be just teasing you ... Brian try to do the card trick . he screw it up again , the card fall to the ground . he hope she will laugh . she do not . brian what 's the deal ? you talk number , you get romantic . you talk people , you clam up . Catherine 's jaw lock . she 's tense and guard , and yet she smile . it 's a social amenity she obviously do not feel ... catherine just a little miscue , that 's all . it 's not you fault . I be sorry . I '11 see you later ... brian look , this conversation be not what I have in mind at all . can we just try this all again ? Catherine look at he , then relax , smile ... catherine okay ... brian you see , I be hope you need more help with theory . so we could discuss it -- maybe over dinner or something , say ... catherine with a confirm sexist ? ( continued ) * revised - '' prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 16a . 39 continued : brian ( as he pick he card up off the ground ) why not ? catherine I suppose something could be arrange . there be other thing I need help with -- over dinner ... now she 's smile at he . Brian put the card into he pocket ... ( continued ) 17 . on ; co 39 continued : brian so maybe that be not a boyfriend or husband the other night ? catherine maybe . 39a int . dirac' office - day Brian , Catherine , walter , Kelly and mullin be seat in front of dirac ... dirac I have volunteer we service to the archdiocese . each of you be a competant physicist , even though you do not have a degree to prove it . ( glance at walter ) participate in this examination will greatly improve you classroom average , I might add . walter look sheepish ... dirac plan on eat you meal there . we will bring cot to sleep on . there be other department join we ... brian ' Excuse I , sir . be there a reason why you be not tell we what we be go to be do ? dirac ( a beat as he look at Brian ) in time . 40 ext . abandoned church - day be dirac stop in front of the abandon church . he carry a suitcase . ( continued ) b 40 41 42 18 . * continued : dirac' Pov : the ediface rise ominously into the blue sky . dirac now glance over ... dirac' Pov : down the street . a bus stop . a bag lady be seat , rigid , a petrify pompeiian mummy with a mask - like face . her shopping cart full of yellowing newspaper and break appliance sit nearby ... dirac , as he look closer ... closer : the bag lady . she lift she right arm slightly , from the elbow , in a strange salute -- and begin slowly rock she head back and forth , over and over again ... extreme close : across the dirty flesh of she cheek crawl a few ant ... ext . CITY skyline - night long lens . the moon be squash , compress and enlarge , hang dead in the night sky behind the Los Angeles sky - line . int . office - abandoned church - night dirac and the priest sit in a old office in the abandon church . dirac have a cot set up in here , he clothes hang - ing out of the suitcase . it 's dark , damp -- only low light from a couple lamp ... priest it you disbelief that power he . it 's you stubborn faith in common sense that allow he deception ... it 's hard to tell from dirac 's expression whether or not he fully believe all the priest be tell he . priest he life in the smallest part of it . the atom . smaller . invisible . he life in all of it , the sum of the part ... ( more ) ( continued ) 42 43 continued : 19 , priest you must translate the book . you must prove it scientifically , convince the outside world ... dirac outside world do not want to hear this kind of bullshit . just keep it lock away -- you have already manage that for two thousand year ... priest no prison can keep he now . ext . campus - night Catherine come out of the physics building , leave from a late class . Brian be wait outside for she ... catherine hi. brian get cold out here . this be suppose to be California . catherine do you have a class tonight ? brian Library . I be really hope maybe you would have a cup of coffee with I again ... catherine ( smile ) this be get to be a habit . ( beat ) okay . hard CUT to : 44 45 46 revised - " prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 20 . int . brian apartment - day early morning sunlight filter in through the fade curtain , cold and grey . Brian and Catherine be asleep in he bed , under the cover ... closer . now Brian 's eye flicker and open . he carefully untangle himself from Catherine 's arm and get out of bed without waking she ... ext . brian apartment ~- day Brian emerge from he small apartment bungalow into the cold morning air . he glance off thoughtfully , fill with excitement , go through he feeling ... he look up ... brian Pov : the sun and moon , side by side , rise over the horizon ... [ effect ] . int . brian apartment a few minute later . Catherine open she eye , look over . Brian have make they both coffee ... . brian good morning . she smile at he sleepily . catherine we do not get much sleep ... brian who need sleep ? catherine we. do . today 's Friday . Brian come over to she , kiss she tenderly ... brian can I just tell you something ? catherine please do not . brian I want to . catherine tell I next time , if there be one -- or the time after that . or two year from now ... ( continued ) ad 46 revised - continued : '' prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 20a . brian who be he ? the one who give you such a high opinion of man ? ( continued ) o 46 47 48 49 50 revised - '' prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 21 . continued : Brian just look at she ... catherine I would not like it if either of we jump to conclusion . brian how do you know I be go to say what you think I be go to say ? catherine because if you do not , I do not want to know ... at which , he kiss she again ... omit * ext . abandoned church - day a wide shot of the old church as a small van pull up in * front . closer on the van , as Catherine , Kelly , lisa , 20 , asian , * a theologist , and susan , 30 , a quiet student of radiology , get out . they each carry over night bag and stand stare at the church . closer on Catherine and Kelly as Catherine look where * Kelly indicate with a nod of she head . there Pov : across the street , by a alley , three STREET people stand very still , silent , watch they ... ext . rear of church - day a wide shot looking toward the front , the downtown L.A. * skyline in b.g. camera pan with the van as it move past , revealing dirac oversee the beginnn of the careful unload of the truck in the rear of the church . Brian , mullin , calder , 20 , a microbiology major , and wyndham , 30 , a biochemist , begin downloading scientific equipment . int . storeroom - day a large , empty storeroom have be turn into the woman 's sleep quarter . cot line the wall . the girl enter from a hall ... ( continued ) revised - " prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 C 2ia. 50 continued : kelly please do not tell I ... they put they overnight bag down , look around . lisa this place give I the creep . susan it be abandon ... catherine I would have never guess . susan I hear it use to be a beautiful church ... kelly when ? -~ ( continued ) 50 51 52 53 revised - " prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 22. continued : susan 1953 . my husband 's parent use to come here . then for some reason it be close down ... int . sanctuary - day a old sanctuary on the second floor be be turn into a make- shift scientific lab . equipment be wheeled in a doorway by Brian and walter . Wyndham set up a chemistry lab over on a large table . mullin set up a computer . int . office / computer room - day a empty office . funky . bookshelve . Catherine set up a computer , plug it in ... int . hall outside sanctuary - day as walter carry a roll of electrical cable out of the sanctuary , come to the end , hook it up to another roll hold by lomax , 30 , from the Engineering dept . Brian have stop by a break window and look out ... walter I really can not believe this be happen . I have a date tonight with this beautiful young trial attorney from century City ... brian where be you take he ? walter please , it be not funny . now walter glance out the window ... walter' Pov : the front of the church . now see five more STREET people stand there , not move , stare back at the church ... walter what be they do ? lomax watch we . they start come around when I get here at 9 this morning ... : ( continued ) 53 53a 54 revised - '' prince of darkness " = 4/25/87 23. continued : calder and Wyndham come up the stair ... calder I be calder -- microbiology . wyndham John Wyndham . biochemistry . they all shake hand . brian Brian marsh . walter walter fong . lomax lomax . Engineering . wyndham anybody know what this whole deal 's about yet ? brian not a clue . int . cubicle - day close : the old book , as it 's open to the first page of Latin . dirac stand behind Lisa . she 's very self - assure , capable at she computer terminal . lisa I 'mgetting my doctorate in theology . Analysis of ancient scripture . this should not be too difficult ... she stare at the Latin text a moment , then begin type each phrase from the book into the computer ... close : Lisa 's computer screen : " I , jesus , have sent mine angel to testify unto you this thing which shall be be UN - leashed ... ext . abandoned church - day in b.g. be the church . in f.g. be a abandon car . crawl across the hood be spider by the hundred . ( continued ) 24 . 3 54 continued : a limousine pull up in front of the church . the priest get out , walk , stop a moment , look around ... close : the priest . his eye look up ... up angle : the spire of the church . up there in the sky be the impossible alignment : moon over sun , in broad day - light ... [ effect ] close : the priest , now glance down ... he Pov : down the street 2 bag lady stand watch he ... the priest , start to walk forward , step right into a dark shape stand on the sidewalk in front of he ! it 's the bag Lady dirac see day earlier . her eye be bright , glisten . she hold a small paper cup in she hand . bag lady it 's a wonderful thing you be do -- open the church again ... the priest nod , start by she , glance in the paper cup ... 5 he Pov : the paper cup have a strange dark substance at the bottom , like dry meat , and it be fill with maggot ... 55 int . front hallway - day the priest close the front door . dirac come up behind he quietly , watch the priest tremble ... dirac be you all right ? priest yes ... dirac we be ready . 56 int . back hallway - day the priest lead dirac , Brian , walter and lomax to the huge iron door ... 57 int . crumbling stairway be «+. as they descend ... 58 59 60 61 62 revised - '' prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 25 . int . dank corridor ... as lomax string out more cable down the dank corridor , * around a corner into the strange cross-line hallway up to * a portable generator ... int . underground church several cut : as many small floor light on stand , like h.m.i. light , buzz on , flooding the underground church with light . : the group stand in silence stare up toward the front of the church ... only Susan and Lisa be absent ... there Pov : the canister of ghostly , glow , sway liquid -- look very much as if it 's live ... int , cubicle close : computer screen . " mystery , babylon the great , the mother of harlot , and the abomination of the earth ... " Lisa stare at what she 's just write , a kind of formless '' dread beginning inside she ... int . computer room close : computer screen , as mathematical data spew across it . arcane , impossible differential equation ... Catherine type the figure into the computer from hand - write note . she look over the top of the screen ... catherine's Pov : the window . mass , swarm , leaping and fly up against the glass be nearly 100 moth ! they flutter fur : ously in 's into one another , try to get in through ' the glass barrier ... int . underground church Kelly be stare at the canister as Brian and walter hook up a bizarre - look piece of equipment next to it ... kelly there 's a good reason why nobody 's open this thing , right ? brian because we do not know what 's in it . let I have you pen for a second ... ( continued ) 26 . cy 62 continued : she give he a fountain pen which he use to delicately probe the innard of the equipment . walter be this some kind of toxic crap ? brian could be ... kelly okay , but I still do not understand why we be not take direct sample . what 's the big mystery ? Brian get up , go over to a small computer terminal near - by , punch a couple key , call up line after line of math blipping across the screen ... brian Catherine 's enter this equation upstairs . they be sii , translate from Latin ... kelly differential equation ? brian in a book write two thousand year ago ... walter but we have not invent differ ... . brian right . Kelly and walter exchange glance , and then Kelly turn to leave . she bump she arm against one of the stanchion that hold a large cross ... 63 int . computer room as mullin accompany Catherine quickly into the room , she 's show he ... there Pov : now the window be completely cover with moth ! e@ 64 int . cubicle Lisa translate Latin , as dirac stand behind she watch ... ( continued ) 64 65 66 27 . continued : close : computer screen . " and the prince of darkness be himself sealed , that old life , call the devil , and satan , which deceiveth the whole world ... " Lisa and dirac , as she stop type , look at he ... as Susan , the radiologist , come into the room with some x- ray in she hand ... susan Professor dirac -- I do not think we have too much to worry about . the lid on that thing will not open . dirac take the x-ray , look at they up against the light . susan it 's incredibly elaborate . there 's a weird lock mechanism . look like it can only be open from the inside ... ext . abandoned church - night light on in a couple hall , rear window . a slight breeze . and suddenly the dark shape of a tatter bag man step into frame f.g. , move slowly past the church , watch ... int . office / lounge - night another old office have be make into a lounge of sort . lot .of open pizza man and chinese food box . a ice chest , soft . drink can spread around , ash trays , etc . ( continued ) 66 revised - '' prince of darkness " ~ 4/25/87 28 . continued : walter sit drink coffee , stare grumpily at a portable tv set someone be thoughtful enough to bring ... walter' Pov : the tv . a cartoon be on . a old Tom and Jerry , the one where Tom be send to Hell . a bulldog Devil with horn , cape and pitchfork cavort in the fire and brimstone ... walter get up , glance at Kelly stand at the window . she 's rub she arm ... walter I be go back . kelly look at this ... walter come over , look out ... there Pov : shoot out the window in to the alley just outside between the side of the church and the side of a crumble brownstone apartment building next door -- four STREET people stand in shadow watch the church ... kelly a friend of mine at ucla do a. study of chronic schizophrenics . they be suppose to have stereo - type routine they repeat every 20 minute or so -- like a stick record in they brain repeat one phrase over and over ... I have be watch they on and off all day -- and they do not seem to be make any movement . they just .stand there . . walter one Christmas I try to give this old guy a hot meal . he would not come into my apartment , but he tell I he grandfather have put a steak knife through the leave side of he head when he be 5 -- and the right side of he head . be possess by he mother , who want to have sex with he . with that kind of problem , I say let ‘em stand there if they want to ... ( continued ) +e ; 66 67 29 . continued : walter notice Kelly rub she arm ... walter you okay ? kelly yeah -- I bang into something this afternoon ... we see Kelly 's arm , where a purple splotch like a faint bruise be beginning to show ... kelly it 's start to hurt ... walter probably nerve . . kelly it 's a bruise , walter . you do not bruise from nerve . walter I use to break out when I be 12 . Doctor say it be homosexual panic . int . computer room - night close : computer screen , a simulation . the liquid inside the canister be radiant , glow in weird , alien color . swirl around the canister be a accretion disc , a inwardly - bound vortex of energy . spread outward from the edge of this disc be simulate beam of energy ... full . shot : dirac stand behind Catherine at the computer terminal , stare at the screen ... catherine I make this model from the Latin equation ... she show he a sheet of figure . ( continued ) 4 '' 67 68 revised - '' prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 30 . continued : catherine it 's feed off ' virtual ' particle -- capture they somehow before they vanish -- split they apart ... dirac drawing energy and emit force . gradually building strength . live off nothing . but now a faint , muffle clicking make they turn ... there Pov : the window . a shade have be draw , but we can still hear the psychotic aad of all that moth outside . silhouett on the shade by streetlight be they wriggle , chaotic shadows . int . hall outside sanctuary - night * a small group consist of Wyndham , calder and lomax be huddle together talk m.o.s. just inside the sanctuary . Brian exit , start to the stair , stop as dirac come ud ... brian can I talk to you a minute ? ( beat ) look -- nobody 's say much of anything ... we be still put together the first round of test and nobody 's really stop since we get here ... dirac get to the point . brian nothing anywhere ever be suppose to be able to do what it 's do . dirac ( quietly ) settle down , now . back to work ... ( continued ) 31 . on ld 68 continued : brian a life-form be grow out of pre-biotic fluid . it 's not wind down into disorder -- it 's self - organize , become something . what ? a animal ? a disease ? dirac we have no control over what we be uncover . we be witness at a birth ... brian I want to know what you think it be . dirac ( reach in he pocket ) the hardest thing for any of we to hear be something we do not agree with ... he hand Brian a crumpled piece of computer paper . Brian unfold it , read ... brian ( read ) '' I see a star fall from heaven unto the bottomless pit ... and he be cast out , as water from a flood ... " this be crazy ... dirac it 's beyond the power of physical science to predict -- the close thing we have find to a supernatural agent . 69 int . underground church as Susan the radiologist step into the underground church . she 's transfix by the sight of the canister o.s. as mullin come up from inside the church ... susan e@ man ... ( continued ) 69 revised - " prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 32. continued : mullins have not you see it yet ? susan for the last four hour I have be carbon dating the corrosion on the lid there . we be talk about seven million year ... mullins what ? * mullin glance back at the canister ... there Pov : the canister , as see from the rear of the under - ground church . the liquid inside seem to be glow brighter now , almost bubbling -- churn with life ... mullins I be go topside . he start out of the church , stop when he realize Susan * be just stand there stare at the canister ... mullins you want I to wait for you ? susan no. go on . mullin walk out ... susan's Pov : the canister . now we hear the faintest sound , * the patter of water drip on a hard surface ... once . silence . again . ~ Susan , as she strain to hear ... 70 71 72 revised - " prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 33. at int . dank corridor as mullin walk out of the strange hallway into the dank corridor , away from camera ... maybe it be he x footstep we hear ... int . underground church Susan -- listen ... her Pov : the canister , from a angle at the back of the church . that dripping sound again ... smash CUT : extreme close shot of the top of the canister . suddenly a single drop of liquid fly upward against gravity ! beat . then the quiet wet pop as it hit the ceiling o.s. beat . and then another drop escape , leap upward ... int . sanctuary - night dirac , the priest , Brian and Wyndham be seat around a table fill with computer page that be tape together and spread out on one side , while photo copy of the old book of Latin be on the other . Lisa stand indicate various part of the original text ... lisa this whole section be a kind of history . part of it be indecipherable , as if someone be deliberately try to erase it ... but I manage to piece together most of it ... walter and calder now drift into the room ... lisa okay --. it kind of start here . the container be bury some - where in the Middle East , eon ago , by -~ it get a little wild here -- the Father of Satan , a God who have once . walk the earth before man but be somehow banish to the darkside ... ( continued ) 72 73 34 , continued : now Catherine and Kelly enter the room . Brian look over at she , she at he . lisa apparently the Father bury he son inside the container . this be the section that someone be try to erase ... now , later on here , Christ come to warn we . he be of extra - terrestrial ancestry -- but a human-like race ... int . underground church as Susan come up right in front of the canister . she stare at it , listen intently ... susan's Pov : weirdly convulse liquesence inside . mold and corrosion around the top . hold . no drip . nothing . Susan stand very still now in front of the thing , barely breathe , listen for that drip sound again , when suddenly the machine in and around the canister slide away three e foot , as if i invisibly pu ' push ! Susan dart backward ! she freeze again , just stare at the scientific equipment in they new position . susan's Pov : the top of the canister , as another drop suddenly shoot upward ... close : Susan as she look up ... close : as the drop hit a aitis pool that have collect in a srevice a in the ancien 's ant ceiling ... high ; close - shot : looking down on Susan as she stare up ... close : the pool of liquid , just hang there , against gravity , the whole of it undulate slightly ... hold . a beat . and then a thin stream , a jet of if blast suddenly downward ! _ ~ ~~ close : Susan 's face , as she be splatter by the spray , most of it splash into she mouth ! wide shot : as Susan spin ' around , spitting violently , coughing , furiously wiping the liquid off she face ! she 's a flail figure claw at she face , writhe there in front . of that glow canister , rip off she glass which fall to the floor ... 74 revised - '' prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 35 . int . sanctuary * everyone be here now , except Susan . like a big meeting . grim , sober face . lot of cigarettes , coffee . everyone listen with rapt attention . join the group be dr . leahy , 5as , a chemistry professor ... lisa ++. and finally they determine Christ be crazy , but he 's also gain power , convert a lot of the people to he belief . so they kill he -- but he disciple keep the secret and hide it from civilization -- until man could develop a science sophisticated enough to prove what Christ be say . a long pause . walter lean over to Brian , whisper ... walter ( under he breath ) something like this can really fuck up you weekend ... catherine how do the Roman Catholic Church keep this a secret for two thousand year ? the priest look terrible -- like he want to die ... priest apparently ... a decision be make ... to characterize pure * evil as a spirtual force . evil within . .- the darkness in the heart of man . it be more convenient . that way , man be * still the center of thing ... for a moment the priest 's depression convert itself into a hard , cold anger ... priest a stupid lie . we be salesmen , that 's all . we soldour product , * to that who do not have it . reacting to the sound of he own voice , the priest stop for a beat , he voice lowering ... ( continued ) 74 75 76 revised - " prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 36 . continued : priest the new life . reward ourselves , punish we enemy . so we can live without truth . a substance . a malevolence , that be the truth . asleep . until now . int . underground church full shot , the canister . surrounded by equipment . we hear a ragged exhalation , a kind of shuddery breathing ... * camera . move forward , around a piece of equipment -- to reveal Susan slump down there , just sit now like a rag doll , eye stare , mouth open and move silently like a fish drown in the air . now another wrenching , splatter - ing cough escape she lip -- almost a barking SOUND . int . sanctuary as the meeting start to break up . a group have gather around the priest , who sit defeatedly in b.g . in f.g. Brian stand over one of he own experiment -- a polygraph machine on atable with lot of wire dangle out of it . he 's stare at the graph as dirac come over . . dirac help I break this up . the other should not hear this ... brian faith be a hard thing to come by this day . look at this a minute ... that thing down * there just direct a fairly sizable burst of energy ... dirac look at the readout ... dirac directed ? brian in a straight line -- with the precision of less than a millisecond ... as walter come up to they ... walter everybody 's act like we should really be take this seriously . ( continued ) 76 77 78 revised - '' prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 37 . continued : Brian and dirac look up at he humorlessly ... walter you two be not take this seriously , be you ? int . underground church up angle : the canister . hold a beat , and then Susan slowly rise up into frame in f.g . she stand motionless , stare up at the canister . close : Susan . she have a weird , blank , neutral expression on she face . eye be flat -- like a bird 's or tiger 's eye . it 's the humanity that 's go -- replace by something else ... int . hall outside sanctuary the group walk somberly out of the sanctuary into the hall . some be quiet , moody . Wyndham in particular be derisive , dismissive . a kind of stupor prevail over most , however . walter come out , catch up with Lisa carry she papers and note back to she cubicle . walter I think most of this huckle - berry be buy this shit . but Lisa only give he a venomous stare of contempt for he attitude and move off without say a word , as Kelly come walk by walter now . she 's still rub that bruise on she arm ... kelly still do not get it , do you walter ? walter a good life mean a clean colon , that 's all I need to know . but Kelly 's move on too ... walter this be somebody 's idea of a practical joke , you know that , do not you ? ( continued ) ne 78 79 revised - " prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 continued : no response ... walter we go to sleep , I guarantee you there will be a rubber chicken in the bed , know what I mean ? but now he 's completely alone with he attitude ... int . sanctuary 38 . dirac and Brian , look at the familiar wavy line of the polygraph ... brian a few minute ago a vibration be trigger in the metal on that thing downstairs -- a strong one ... dirac study the wavy line closer ... brian some kind of kinetic emission come out of it . now if it can transmit a signal strong enough ... dirac it could move other object . instantaneously , across a distance ... brian without outside intervention . dirac psychokinesis . brian mind-directed energy . it 's be document before , observe in psychiatric clinic . dirac usually as a result of rage . ( continued ) 79 80 81 revised - '' prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 39 , continued : they stare at each other ... dirac do not tell the other yet . brian why not ? they have a right to know this -- it 's conscious ! dirac not until you prove it be not something else -~ a power surge , a draft of air ... dirac look at he evenly , calmly . finally Brian relax ... brian all right ... int . computer room as Catherine plop down in she chair . Kelly stand at the - door , rub she arm ... catherine what be we suppose to do ? just go back to work ...? kelly what would you rather have -- a wreath of garlic ? a benediction ? a cruicifix ...? _ catherine then it really be Old scratch knock at the door ... int . rear hallway camera move with walter as he walk along , all by himself , really piss about how gullible everyone be ... walter' Pov : tracking shot , the hallway . we see something move . a person step into the threshold of that iron door just down the hall ... close , tracking with walter as he look closer ... walter' Pov : tracking , the iron doorway ahead . Susan stand motionless in the threshold , stare out into nto the hall , | now over at walter ( continued ) — 81 82 40 . continued : walter you miss the big history lesson ... he Pov : tracking , Susan just look at he blankly ... close : tracking , walter ... walter you be not gonna believe what 's be go on up here ... as he turn , enter a doorway on the other side of the hall ... int . lounge ++. and enter the lounge . Lisa be over by the window , drink a cup of coffee , stare out . now she look over as walter open the ice chest , dig down , come up with a beer . he glance at she ... walter want one ? Lisa 's expression be stone cold . walter anyone ever tell you that you could pass for asian ? Lisa stalk away from the window , past he , out of the lounge , almost bump into mullin as he enter ... mullins what be that about ? walter no sense of humor ... mullins have you see Susan ? walter who ? mullins the radiologist . glass . walter oh. yeah . she 's right outside . ( continued ) 82 83 84 revised - " prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 41 . continued : mullin go to the door , look out , up and down the hall ... mullins where ? now walter come over ... walter' Pov : the iron door to the stairway , and now , of course , Susan be not there . the doorway 's empty . walter she be there . mullins I think somebody ought to tell she ... walter look , be I crazy -- or be we stroking ourselves heavily here ? mullin move off without a word , walk over to the iron door ... walter thank you for take the time to share you thought ... int . crumbling stairway as mullin walk down , click on a flashlight ... int . crumbling hallway wide shot , from down the hall . as mullin come off the stairway in .b.g . '' he start down the hall . camera . pull back ' over 'the 's ' shoulder of a dark shape stand there ... Susan . she watch mullin for a beat , then dart suddenly out of frame ... + ee close : mullin , slow ... mullins Susan ? silence . no answer . now mullin move off out of frame ... N 85 86 revised - " prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 42 . int . computer room Brian enter the room . Catherine be at work on she . computer . she stop , look up at he . he come over to she , put he hand softly on she shoulder ... brian you all right ? catherine I think I be a normal girl -- soft of . a go to school , I eat breakfast , I use a diaphram -- so why be this happen to I ? brian there 's more to it ... Brian go to the window . the shade be still draw , that moth flutter just outside the glass . bug shadow play on Brian 's face -- as he look over he shoulder -- make sure they be alone ... brian some kind of power . directed outward . a control force ... catherine what be it do ? brian reaching out . influence , change thing . move object by think . this stun Catherine . she just stare at he . brian we all win Nobel prize . the extraordinary intervention . a intelligent cause -- other than man ... int . underground church as mullin come inside . his flashlight beam spin about * eerily ... he . Pov : the church . in b.g. be the canister . silence . ( continued ) a 86 revised - " prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 43 . continued : mullins * Susan ? no answer . mullins hello ? he Pov : the church . maybe we hear that dripping sound * now , far away , just barely there ... now camera pull back with mullin ... he Pov : slowly tracking into the underground church ... mullin , camera moving with he , as he look around ... he Pov : tracking in closer toward the canister ... mullin , camera moving with he ... he look down , stop , reach down o.s. and come up with Susan 's glass . he * look around ... - he Pov : as we see a small light on a piece of equipment near the canister flash on and off ... this particular hunk of equipment be big enough for someone to hide behind , actually ... mullin , camera moving with he again as he start for the equipment ... he Pov : now tracking in toward the equipment , as the red light begin to pulse -- like the familiar warning on a geiger counter ... mullin , . camera : moving with he , come up to the equipment ... he Pov : track in on the equipment , the red light , and stop . hold just . a beat . close : mullin , as he lean down slightly , revealing Susan stand there behind he , right behind he ! close : the back of mullin ' head , as he sense she , slowly , slowly turn around ... {continued ) 86 87 44 . continued : before he can turn all the way -- whammo ! Susan 's hand slam into frame , grab he head , twist it with incredible force , break he neck ! a ribbon of blood squirt from he mouth and he drop down out of frame ... int . dirac' office - night dirac and the priest . alone now . the priest look completely exhaust . but dirac look strong , somehow . dirac suppose what you faith have say be essentially correct ... the priest look at he ... dirac suppose you have a universal mind control everything -- a God willing the behavior of every subatomic particle . any individual particle still appear to be random , mind you -= - but if you look at the collective behavior of vast number of atom -- then you see organization . priest I do not understand . dirac a search for order . be not that what we want to find ? a structure . to prove we be in benevolent hand ... dirac pick up a thick , bound stack of computer - print page : the translation . he open it to a mark page ... dirac this diety , the Father of Satan ... the literal tran - lation from Latin be ' anti - God ' ... ( close the page ) every particle have a anti - particle , its mirror image , its negative . ( continued ) oo 4 87 44a , continued : dirac lean back in he chair . his eye go to a small shave mirror on he desk . he touch the surface of the mirror with he finger ... dirac we have be collect anti - matter for year -- in magnetic bottle . it 's not even a romantic idea to we anymore ... he look up at the priest ... ( continued ) 45 . * 87 continued : dirac maybe this universal mind life in the mirror-image -- instead of in we universe , as we have always want to believe . maybe he 's anti-god -- bring darkness instead of light ... the priest look up suddenly ... priest I hear something ... dirac look at he . the priest get up , go over to the door , lean out , look . he Pov : the empty hall . the priest look down the other direction . he Pov : empty hall . now a silhouett figure move there ... very quickly , disappear out of sight . * versus as the priest turn back to dirac ... * priest * must have be one of the student ... 88 ext . rear of abandoned church - night as Wyndham , calder and lomax step outside , talk m.o.s. in a wide shot . closer angle , the three , as we hear now ... wyndham * this priest be a real case , man . he 's looney tune . and I be 'begin to wonder about dirac ... lomax I be go back ... as calder and lomax turn and walk back to the rear entrance ... e@ ( continued ) J 88 46 . continued : wyndham you be out of you mind ! this be ca-ca . it 's a joke ! calder give Wyndham a look over he shoulder , then follow lomax back inside the church . as Wyndham , look disgust and contemptuous , turn and walk away toward a rear alley . he stop , turn back to the church , stare for a moment ... wyndham ca-ca . wyndham' Pov : a window on the first floor . we can see just @ shape in there , a figure stand at the window watch he ... Wyndham strain , try to see who it be more clearly ... wyndham' Pov : closer on the window . still just a dark shape ... close : Wyndham , as he expression change now ... wyndham' Pov : around the edge of the window , there 's some movement . we see black beetle crawl ! Inside the window we can see it be Susan stand there watch he , a neutral expression on she face ... close : Wyndham . he stare , chill , then turn to leave . wyndham' Pov : the back alley . stand there in the dark be at least 20 STREET people -- rag , crazy , in silhouette , motionless -- all watch he ! Wyndham take a step back , he foot crunching on something . he look down ... he feet : all around he shoe be horde of black beetle on the sidewalk ! he pant leg : more beetle crawl up the fabric ! he hand : a beetle scamper right across he knuckle ! close : Wyndham , as he shake he hand , disgust , repulse . but now there 's a beetle crawl on he cheek ! ( continued ) 88 89 90 91 92 47 . continued : high shot , looking down : as Wyndham slap and claw at bolt forward , across the alley , walk fast , almost run , up the sidewalk right toward Wyndham ... a flash as the figure pass camera -- tatter , frenzied , she eye wild , it be the bag Lady we see earlier , and as she pass she pull out a evil- look metal shiv ! she rush up to Wyndham , raise the shiv , plunge it into he shoulder ! quick , frenzied flash , allow we not to see the actual blade impact , only a violent visual suggestion -- as the bag Lady lift the shiv and plunge it again and again , into the back of he neck , he shoulder -- a wild paroxysm of slashing fury ! close : the window , as Susan watch silently , emotion - lessly ... close , quick cut : Wyndham try to fend off the blow , but he 's weaken . he be slashed all over ... wide shot : Wyndham finally fall down to the sidewalk . the bag Lady step back from he now as he crawl slowly along the grass , barely pull himself forward , and finally roll into some bush . hold the shot . the Street people be like statue . the bag Lady walk slowly back to they . now the bush stop move . it 's quiet now . wind whishing in the alley . ext . front of abandoned church up angle . the swollen , monstrous moon hang over the spire of the.church like the darkest omen ... [ effect ] int . computer room as Catherine type at she computer . int . men' sleeping quarter - night just another large storeroom fill with cot for man . walter be sound asleep , but he seem to be dream fit- fully . int . cubicle Lisa sit there type away at she computer , still translat - ing away ... : ( continued ) 92 93 revised - " prince of darkness " = 4/25/87 48. continued : close : Lisa . her eye move from the computer screen to the old book ... close : a page . sandwich inbetween the Latin script be the follow sign : close : Lisa . she look back up ... close : computer screen , where she have write : " ... be you not deceive of he purpose ... " close : Lisa . a click . she look up from she work , sense something ... lisa' Pov : the doorway . empty . no one there . lisa hello ? silence . nothing there . int . sanctuary Brian , calder , lomax and Leahy be work here . each one on they own experiment . Brian be by that polygraph machine , write down figure ... Leahy get up , look around ... leahy where 's Wyndham ? calder ( beat ) he leave . everyone stop work now . Brian look over ... brian when ? . calder about 20 minute ago ... ( continued ) o™ ~ a se 93 94 95 96 49 . continued : lomax we try to talk he out of it ... leahy have anyone see Susan ? lomax who ? leahy radiologist . glass . no one have . leahy maybe she leave too ... lomax maybe they both have the right idea . ext . rear of abandoned church as the rag group of 20 Street people stand by the bush stare down o.s. in silence ... close : Wyndham 's hand . what 's leave of it . beetle crawl through hole in the skin , although the shot 's mercifully in shadow ... ext . 1st dream - abandoned church - day hand-held video footage , photographed off a tv set . we be close . so we do not see the edge of the set , just the screen itself . we. be outside the abandon church , look at the front door from the street . it be a bright , sunny day . the dream be actually a video camera Pov . now the Pov move in toward the front of the church , as a figure appear at the door . completely black , just a outline -- we can not see any feature . the figure start to walk out of the church , down toward we -- and there seem to be something inhuman about it -- the gait of the body ... int . men' sleeping quarter whap ! walter awaken suddenly from the dream , lie there , stare , as Brian suddenly lean down over the cot , scare he ! ( continued ) — 96 97 continued : brian walter . walter ( startle ) oh ! what ...? brian have you see mullin ? walter what ...? no ... brian Susan ? walter who ...? brian radiologist . glas ... walter come on , man -- I be asleep ... brian we can not find they . and Wyndham 's go . a couple of the other be talk about leave . there 's go to be a meeting in the lab in half a hour ... walter mullin . leave ? brian I do not know , I be go to look for he downstairs ... walter well , since I be up now ... and walter get up , out of the cot , follow Brian ... int . cubicle Lisa stop type for a moment , rub the back of she neck . she 's tired , exhaust . now we hear the faintest sound : a clicking out in the hall . Lisa turn to look ... ( continued ) 97 98 99 100 101 51 . continued : her Pov : the doorway . nothing there again . Lisa get up from she computer , come over to the door ... her Pov : down the hall , we see Brian and walter go through the iron doorway into the crumble stair ... walter look over at Lisa ... walter if we do not come back , you can have my porsche . Lisa , glare after he stonily , go back to she computer . look at it a moment . then remove the floppy disc , reach down and click it off ... int . rear hallway as Lisa walk away from camera , down the empty hall , into a door ... int . women' sleeping quarter ++. as Lisa walk over to a cot in the empty room , sit down , slip out of she shoe , crawl into the cot , pull the blanket over she . now , in b.g. , we see a shadow move by the door ! someone have be in the room all the time , over there in a dark corner . Lisa try to go to sleep , toss once or twice , settling in , as the door behind she slowly , silently close ... ext . 2 nd dream - abandoned church - day hand-held video footage , shot off a tv set : it 's a con - tinuation . of the first dream we see . the Pov move in toward the abandon church as that totally dark figure , still just a outline , seem to be come toward we ... int . dirac' office wham ! dirac awaken . abruptly . lift he head from the desk . look around . the priest be still sit there , he face in shadow ... dirac what time be it ...? priest what be you dream ? ( continued ) s1a . cy 101 continued : dirac ( grumpily ) you kingdom , Father , do not include my unconscious . it 's mine -- I may abuse it any way I wish -- without have to confess what 's in it . ( continued ) y J 101 192 103 104 52 . continued : the priest look ill -- drench with sweat -- a kind of dreadful anxiety propelling he ... priest something I have not tell you . the Brotherhood of sleep . any - one in close proximity ... have the same dream , the one you just have ... ext . 3rd dream - abandoned church - day a continuation of the second dream . hand held video pov : get closer and closer to that dark figure ... int . women' sleeping quarter close - up : Lisa . her eye flick open . she 's lie on she back now , waking up from the dream . for a beat she do not know where she be ... but now she lift she head slightly , look down ... . her Pov : look down she own body . Susan be there , almost literally on top of she , straddle Lisa 's body , crawl 2b slowly toward she face like a spider ! close - up : Lisa . she 's so completely stunne that she can not say anything . she just stare . up into Susan 's face ... lisa be Pov : up angle of Susan as she crawl up right over Lisa 's face , look down almost as a lover would stare down at he beloved ... close : Lisa , stare , she mouth finally open to say something ... lisa ah , excuse I , but ... side angle , close : Susan . just a flash : Susan open she mouth and a thin stream of liquid come blasting we and downward - -- tike a frog spearing a insect with its | tongue ! close : Lisa , as the liquid jets down into her mouth , all over her face ! int . dirac' office priest we guardian priest have the dream . for year . ( continued ) 104 105 revised - " prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 continued : dirac what do it mean ? priest a premonition . the dream evolve . unfold . we will start to have it every time we sleep , as if it 's push everything else out , make room for itself ... int . underground church shoot toward the canister in the front of the church , 53. Brian and walter step into frame , stare at the evilly glow canister in b.g. brian ( call out ) mullin ! silence . walter do you think he really just take off ? I mean , like he be actually believe this whole business ...? ( beat , as Brian look at he ) why be everybody look at I that way ? brian because you be be assholish . . walter well , that 's very assholish of you to say so . look , mullin be probably off asleep someplace . or he 's boffing the radiologist . I hope he 's get laid , I hope they be both on they way to a . hice chinese restaurant ... Brian move off , leave walter there to sigh , take one last look at the canister , then follow Brian -- leave we with a full shot of the church ... * 106 107 54 . int . underground church closer on the canister . the boil , glow , drift flow inside . camera pull away , boom down to the equip - ment around the canister on the floor , now around behind one of the machine , down to where we see a human arm . we move further , stop , to see it be mullin lie there , eye open in death , neck break . the ceiling : as that pool of liquid undulate . now a couple drop leap downward ... close : mullin , as the drop splatter and splash on he face , a few of they fall in he mouth ! int . computer room Catherine at she computer , as Kelly step in from the hall . kelly how can you keep work like this ? it 's ... ( look at she watch ) +++ 3:30 ! no wonder I be so tired . catherine I be get this figure in the computer but they be not make any sense ... kelly I stop make sense about 15 minute ago ... . catherine no , ;.. I imean this equation be beyond I now . they be like another language ... she look over at Kelly who 's head bob slightly ... catherine go get some sleep . i'11 wake you in a half hour . kelly forty -five minute ... catherine okay ... ( continued ) revised - " prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 55 . oom se 107 . continued : Kelly start out of the room , and Catherine stop she . * catherine * hey . you okay ? kelly * numb . catherine * I know what you mean . I just want to go home -- pretend none of this be really happen ... now she point to a spot on Kelly 's arm partially hide * by she blouse ... catherine what 's that ? kelly oh , it 's just a bruise I get somehow . finally stop i hurt ... vy Catherine get up , come over and look at Kelly 's arm ... close : the bruise , which look darkly purple , discolor , but a vague shape emerge ... , '' ote catherine almost look like a figure of some kind ... kelly ( rub she eye } I have get to close my eye ... catherine I will wake you ... e = not and Kelly trudge out , leave Catherine stare for a beat , @ think about that bruise . finally she return to she computer ... on 108 109 110 56 . int , rear hallway camera move with Kelly as she walk down the hall ... her Pov : tracking down the hall , in toward the sleep quarter door , which be close ... Kelly stop at the door . she think about it a second , then knock . kelly hello ? silence . she listen , hear nothing . kelly I be open the door , in case you want to stop what you be do and put you clothes on ... int . women' sleeping quarter wide shot of the room as Kelly open the door . empty . she walk in , look around , then plop herself down on a cot , as calder appear in the doorway behind she ... calder Big doing in the lab . there 's a meeting ... kelly give I just fifteen minute ... calder want I to come back ? but Kelly 's drift off now ... calder disappear from the : doorway , and for a moment we can see that strange bruise on : Kelly 's arm ... int . rear hall calder come down the hall now , as walter and Brian emerge from the iron doorway ... calder any luck ? brian can not find anybody ... ( continued ) 110 111 s6a , continued : walter I be go down to the lab ... brian be there in a minute ... walter continue down the hall , Brian off in the other direction , as calder lean into the door of Lisa 's cubicle ... . calder we be have a meeting in the lab ... int . cubicle he Pov : Lisa . seat at she computer keyboard . type away . ( continued ) 111 57 . continued : close : calder . calder hello ? lisa. ( beat ) lisa ! he Pov : Lisa . she continue to type as if she do not hear he . close : calder . puzzle . camera pull back with he as he start from the doorway toward she ... he Pov : tracking in toward Lisa as she type ... close : camera pulling back with calder , as he get closer ... he Pov : tracking right up to a stop in a close - up of Lisa . now we see that she be stare at the wall in front of she , type away , blank , possess ... close : calder ... calder Lisa ... he Pov : Lisa . she do not hear he . - close : calder , as he glance down . he Pov : close on computer keyboard . Lisa 's hand flash wildly across the keyboard ... close : calder , as he now look up to the screen ... close : .computer screen . " i_live . I live . I live . I live . i_live . I live . I live . " etc . close : calder . ' not what ' ? close : computer screen ; '' you will not be save by the holy ghost . " then : " you will not be save by the GOD plutonium . " then : " in fact ... '' | close : calder , dumfounded ... close : computer screen . then : " you will not be save ! " close : calder , as we see Susan slowly walk up behind he ! calder sense she , turn ... ( continued ) on nd 111 112 113 revised - " prince of darkness '' - 4/25/87 58. continued : he Pov : Susan , as she come toward he -- blank face . emotionless eye . calder , as Lisa spring into frame behind he , lock she * arm around he throat ! she pull he head back , open he mouth ... Susan , as she keep move toward he ... calder , flail helplessly in Lisa 's grip , a choked gurgle come out of he mouth ... calder 's hand , as it bang into Lisa 's computer ... int . computer room as Catherine look up from a draw she 's make , think maybe she just hear something distantly -- as Brian step into the room ... , catherine do you hear that ? brian hear what ? they listen . nothing . int . sanctuary lomax , walter and Leahy have start the meeting . walter remain contemptuous of the seriousness around he . leahy this whole place be go to have to be encase in concrete . walter no way , a building this size ... I say we launch the fucker into space ... lomax ( look up ) I be hearing something ... * they listen . silence . 114 115 revised - " prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 59 , int . lisa' cubicle Lisa hold calder 's head back , as Susan lean in to he face ... her hand touch he cheek -- gently , a lover 's touch . now she lean in closer , and she mouth cover he ! close : calder and Susan , as if they be join in the most passionate of kiss . as Susan pull away slightly , we see a jet of liquid spew out of her mouth into he ...! int . computer room Brian and Catherine . she sit stiffly as he massage she neck and shoulder . brian do not I know how to show a girl a great time ? stick with I , I will shower you with romantic weekend like this one . it do not get the response he have hope for . Catherine have retreat into herself . catherine I be start to feel like I have to start run soon ... just get away ... brian from I ? catherine from anyone . brian . I be hope to not just be anyone . catherine you be not . that scare I too . Brian stand she up , take she in he arm ... brian maybe when this be all over we can just go someplace -- where the sun be warmer -- for a little while ... ( continued ) 115 revised ~- " prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 soa . continued : catherine * I do not think it will ever be over ... Catherine snuggle in closer to he arm ... * brian * there 's a meeting . people be start to talk about jump ship . catherine * who ? brian * all of they . catherine : * and how about we ? Brian do not answer , but from he face it 's clear they * be not leave . catherine * I do not think so . she move away from he , take a piece of paper from the * desk and hold up a draw she have make . catherine * have you see this figure before ? the drawing : a crude rendering of the figure on Kelly 's arm -- | —-o - brian * ( shake he head ) no ... catherine * I have -- but I be not sure where ... C 116 revised - '' prince of darkness " = 4/25/87 60 . int . sanctuary leahy we would better figure out who to notify first ... walter easy . Department of Health service . '' hey , guy , guess what we have get come to life over here ? " " okay , we will have a man out there next Tuesday ... " lomax you be not ever go to take this seriously , be you ? as Brian and Catherine enter the lab ... walter sure , as soon as it start take I seriously ... brian where 's dirac ? lomax ( beat ) we do not tell he . leahy we think it might be better if we leave he out of it ... lomax and the priest ... brian why ? silence . brian I be go to get dirac . dirac I be here . as dirac and the priest enter . the priest carry a copy of the Roman ritual ... ( continued ) 116 continued : a beat , as 61 . dirac where be the other ? brian we think they leave ... catherine Kelly 's asleep , I do not ... dirac stare at the face in the room ... dirac I be ask you to stay . the work we do in the next 48 hour be critical . how many of you have fall asleep tonight ? ( no reply ) come on ... lomax , calder and walter acknowledge that they have ... from they dirac you dream about the front of this church , about a dark figure come out . reaction to this , it 's clear that they do . dirac but do not you feel it ? not like a dream . something else . puzzle look from the room , as dirac hand Brian a sheet of figure . Brian look they over ... dirac I have the dream too , this image that do not seem to be a part of my subconscious -- almost as if I be watch something that have be ... prerecord ... brian ( stare at dirac 's figure ) tachyon ? dirac one possibility . ( continued ) i i } } oe 116 continued : lomax what 's that ? brian * ( as he hand the sheet of figure to Catherine ) Greek word . means ' swift one ' . dirac * so what be the dream ? precognition ? previous knowledge of a future event ? a share vision -- of something that have yet to occur . walter * cause by that thing downstairs ? dirac * perhaps not . brian a tachyon be a subatomic particle that travel faster than light . dirac * and what if it 's not a dream ? what if it 's a message ? Brian cross to a table -- pull out that deck of card . he 's deep in think -- as Catherine hand the sheet of ' 1 figure to walter ... dirac what if this dream , pre - monition , omen -- what if they be really visual message send by human being ? photo - graph , video signal ... lomax from where ? catherine the future . anything travel faster than light would appear to be go backward in time . ( continued ) oo , 116 continued : brian a future scientist calculate the exact spot the earth occupy in space -- in the past , base on speed , trajectory ... he beam a tachyon signal at that spot , transmit video information backward in time ... catherine ++. for we to receive as electrical impulse -- neural stimulus ... walter nlook at the figure ) man oh man ... leahy for what purpose ? brian could be to warn we -- to show we what 's come . a remote camera view of the future -- so we can change it . and suddenly Brian perform the card trick perfectly . the card disappear ... brian someone finally show up to tell we -- it 's time to stand up for what we be . walter turn ' to one of the monitoring device nearby , as it make a soft beeping ... he stare at the readout , tap it a couple time . walter I think there 's something wrong with this , I be not get anything now ... ( continued ) 116 64 . continued : lomax go over to another readout ... lomax everything 's dead . dirac , Leahy and Brian quickly . check machine . Catherine tap at the power button on a computer ... brian ( indicate the overhead light ) Building power 's still on ... ( continued ) * 116 117 118 119 revised - '' prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 65 . continued : walter maybe the generator fail ... lomax look more like the unit down - stair have be cut off ... int . underground church camera' moving down the center aisle , past cross , in toward the apse , and we see that the canister be go ! int . crumbling hallway camera move behind Lisa and Susan as they walk through the shadow . now camera move down to reveal they be carry the canister between they , and the top be unscrew ig itself , a vaporous steam escape ! int . sanctuary close : the window , as a strange buz voice be hear ... wyndham ( v.o. ) hello -- Catherine turn to the window , frown ... catherine I hear a voice ... the other . stop , as Catherine walk over to the window , look out , down ... her Pov : down below , stand in the alley by the side of the church , .is 's Wyndham ! inside the sanctuary : catherine it 's Wyndham ... Brian come over . look . as the other start drift over ... brian fcall out ) Wyndham ! ( continued ) 119 revised - " prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 65a . continued : there Pov : Wyndham stand down there . closer shot : Wyndham . he look strange . like he head have be stick on top of a straw body . he do not look solid somehow ... ( continued ) i 119 120 revised - " prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 66 . continued : . closer yet : Wyndham . his face be segment . tiny little line , crack , edge all over he flesh . his eye be strange -- they be black , and have a chitinous sheen . as he open he mouth to speak , we see he have no tooth . his voice buzy , distorted , hollow -- the word juttering out like the beat of insect wing ... wyndham ( distort ) I have - got-a-message - for-you . and - you ' re-not-going-to-like - it ... * inside the sanctuary : brian look at he chest ... close : Wyndham 's chest , as he jacket blow open , and we see he entire chest cavity be fill with crawl beetle ! close : Wyndham ... wyndham ( distort ) pray-for-death . close : Wyndham 's hand , as it suddenly fall off and beetle pour down out of he jacket sleeve ... close : he foot , as the pants leg sag and more beetle flow out around the cuff , over he shoe ... inside the sanctuary : as we group stare in total horror ! * full.. shot : Wyndham , the ' bug. man , as he collapse now , disintegrate , revealing that he be nothing more than a imitation , a mimicry of a human be create by the beetle ! closer : now he 's nothing more than empty clothes , beetle scamper away by the thousand ... int . hall outside sanctuary as walter rush out of the lab , totally unhinge , slow , stop , stare o.s. as dirac come out , the other ... there Pov : calder be move slowly up the stair , stare * at they , drag a old wooden chair behind he . ( continued ) revised - " prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 67 . 120 continued : the group ... dirac calder ... close : calder . something wrong with he expression . he 's perspire heavily ... close : the chair leg as they screech along the floor to a stop ... close : the chair back , as calder 's hand paw , rip at the full shot : a tableau . the group watch calder as he grasp the piece of wood in he right hand ... close : calder . he bring the jag piece of wood to one side of he throat , and without a change of @ expression begin to oo rip it across toward the other side ! over calder , on the group , as he complete the slitting of . he throat , fall heavily to the floor as the group react in horror ! 121 int . women' sleeping quarter close on Kelly . asleep . the sound of shout and the pandemonium from the distant hallway upstairs barely register on she unconscious . camera crane up , and we see Lisa and Susan behind she . just inside the door . come over . set ting the the canister d down on the floor silently . now Susan turn back to the door , quietly close it ... close : the canister . that steam continue to rise from the lid which be slowly loosen itself . pull back to see Susan and Lisa kneel down on either side of it . close : Kelly , deep asleep , that bruise on she arm vivid now . close : Susan and Lisa , they face blank , stare into the dark , steam rise between they ... 122 omit 123 124 125 126 127 128 revised - " prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 68. int . hall outside sanctuary Catherine and the priest kneel over calder . he 's just lie there , barely hang on to life , he eye glassy , he rip throat mercifully hide by a towel ... priest ego the absolve in nomine patris ... the priest stare fixedly -- he can not complete the last rite ... Catherine look at he -- he faith be go ... int . rear hallway - rear door - night as dirac and Leahy rush up to the rear door , try to open they , push with all they might ... ext . rear of abandoned church now we see tht the rear door have be barricade ! old piece of steel and wood be wedge across the doorknob . Shopping cart be pile up . all bit of odd and end have be jamme up against the door ... the Street people watch silently from the alley ... int . hall outside sanctuary the priest , shake , hold the Roman ritual , stare down as Catherine kneel over calder . she feel he pulse , listen for a heartbeat . then she look back up at the priest , shaking she head ... ext . front door - abandoned . church another bizarre barricade of break appliance , rope , rod and . other debris creak and flexe as the door be push outward ... but do not give . int . front hallway as Brian and lomax push on the door . there 's no way anyone 's get out . camera move with Brian over to a crack in the wall . he look out ... he Pov : the front of the church . 10 Street people stand outside ... 129 revised - '' prince of darkness " = 4/25/87 69 . int . rear hallway - women' sleeping quarter as walter come haul ass down the hall , check room -- the lounge , Lisa 's cubicle , avoid the iron door , a empty storeroom -- and finally the woman 's sleep quarter . the door be close . walter wait for a beat , open it , look in ... shoot from inside : walter silhouett in the threshold , stare into the totally dark room ... walter Kelly ? * he look , can not see anything . then he lean over and try the light switch . do not work . out of he pants pocket he quickly pull a flashlight , click it . on . he point it up . * he Pov : the break light bulb in the ceiling , liguid rush all around it ! walter . he react , take a couple step into the room . he Pov : the flashlight beam hit the outline of a single * figure , a woman , kneel on the floor . walter , as he take a couple step forward , camera moving * with he ... he Pov : tracking in toward the kneel figure . the flash - light beam play across she back . it be Susan . her shoulder be slump , she head bow , almost as if she be praying . now the flashlight beam illuminate something in front of she , rise from a source hide by she body , a 'a thin ' stream 0 ! of liquid -- == " falling upward ! close : walter , moving a little closer ... he Pov : tracking in on Susan , come up behind she , see to the canister in front of she pouring a spout of fluid up toward the ceiling . the top be still attach -- barely . close : walter , as he move he flashlight beam up ... * he Pov : close , panning up the stream of liquid as it rise ... close : walter , as he look higher ... he Pov : panning up to see the liquid spread out across the ceiling . ( continued ) 129 revised - '' prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 70 . continued : medium shot : walter , look up , speechless , stunne -- as Susan leap into frame right in front of he , hit he , knock he down ! low angle as walter and Susan go tumble , roll across the floor . she 's insane , wild , like a junkie on tcp -- claw and digging at he like a cat -- but with that weird blank expression all the while . finally walter manage to break away from she ... close : as walter crawl away , across the floor , back into awall ... he 's lose he flashlight . outside in the rear hallway : as Brian come run up from one direction , dirac and Leahy from the other ... dirac * the back door be block ! brian same thing up front ... inside the sleeping quarter : as walter hear the voice * outside , pick himself up , stumble against the wall ... walter dirac ! Brian ! outside in the hall : Brian , dirac and Leahy hear this , move in to the door of the sleep quarter ... walter * it 's in here ! do not come in ! they stop at the threshold ... inside the . sleeping quarter : walter look into the dark ~ ness of the room . it 's quiet inside now . Dark . just that quiet bubbling of the liquid ... walter' Pov : he flashlight on the floor . close : walter , as he move for the flashlight ... close : the flashlight , as walter snatch it up ... walter , as he shine the beam up ... he Pov : the flashlight beam swing on to the pool of downward ! ( continued ) 129 revised - " prince of darkness " ~- 4/25/87 71 . continued : Brian , dirac and Leahy stare in from the doorway ... walter , as he swing the flashlight beam down ... he Pov : Kelly , lie on the cot , the stream of liquid pouring into her mouth , nose , and ear -~ her entire head hidden behind the imploding , inward -rushing horror literally forcing its way into her ! full shot : walter , stare at Kelly ... walter * Kelly ! * as Susan leap suddenly into the beam of he flashlight , * right for he ! over susan : on walter , as he duck , and Susan sail past he .* a cot , as walter stumble over it , asshol himself back down to the floor ... walter , as he come to a stop , the flashlight still in he hand ... the doorway , as Leahy suddenly step in with a flashlight . dirac * get back ! Leahy stop , turn he flashlight into a dark corner next to he . Lisa be stand there ! she suddenly leap right * for he out of the dark , land on top of he , pull he * out into ... the hallway , as . leahy.and Lisa go sprawling across . the floor ! Brian ' ' and dirac spin around from the doorway ... inside the sleeping quarter , as walter stand up , turn around , he flashlight beam catch Susan right behind he , move for he ! over susan , on walter as he swing he flashlight hard , connect with the side of she head , knock she away ! Susan , as she go slamming to the floor ! in the hall : suddenly Lisa swing up into frame ! it 's a low angle , and she 's on top of ... Leahy . her hand move across he face , she finger over he eye , push , try to punch he mey out ! ( continued ) y 129 72 . continued : up angle : Lisa , as Brian grab she from behind , around the waist , and pull she up and off Leahy ... suddenly she open she mouth and spray liquid ... close : Leahy , as the liguid splashes into he mouth ! he react as if he 's suddenly swallow acid , grab he throat , choking deep in he throat ... Brian , as he spin Lisa around , hold she in a bear hug ... another angle : as Lisa suddenly , forcefully break free ! wide shot : the hall , as Brian back away from she . Leahy be gasp for breath on the floor , as the other come up down the hall ... brian stay back ! Lisa stand she ground , look at they with that emotionless expression ... brian walter ! inside the sleeping quarter : walter spin around , he flashlight smear the camera lens ... he Pov : Susan rise slowly from the floor . it look as if she neck may be break , but it do not seem to have any effect on she . she stare at walter with dead eye , blood come out of she nose ... walter back away ... his degs .. back into a cot ... and walter stumble slighlty ... up angle : as Susan suddenly dive through the air for he ! walter leap out of the way as Susan come crashing down on the cot ! low angle , as walter lose he balance , tumble and roll across the floor to a stop ... close : walter look back ... ( continued ) 1 129 73. continued : he Pov : he flashlight beam illuminate Susan crawl across the floor , come for he ... walter crawl frantically away ... close : Susan 's hand reach for walter 's foot , rip at they as he pull away ... close : tracking with walter as he pull himself across the floor , look up ... he Pov : angle from floor , shoot up , tracking in on a storage closet door ... susan grab walter 's ankle ! walter , as he reach up ... doorknob , as walter 's hand grasp it ... walter' foot , slip out of Susan 's grip ... walter , open the door ... Susan , rake walter 's leg , try to get a grip ... walter roll into the storage closet , slam the door shut ! in the hallway : Brian have join Catherine , dirac , lomax . the priest be down the hall -- Lisa stand she ground by the door to the sleep quarter , like some inhuman guard . lomax not close : the priest , as he look behind he . walk slowly down the hall toward they be calder ! close : calder . he be completely and totally dead , but he 's come for they , eye open , stare at they lifelessly ! the towel 's still hang there on he throat , stick to he rip flesh by the blood ... the priest , stare at calder in horror ... Catherine , turn , look back the other way ... her Pov : past Lisa , down the hallway -- the iron door , as mullin slowly step out into the hall ! ( continued ) , 129 130 131 132 74 . continued : close : mullin , also very much dead , also very much walk and stare and start down the hall for they ! the priest back away from calder , duck into a empty storeroom ... inside the storeroom : the priest close the door with a slam ! lock it -- a old dead bolt ... in the hallway : as Brian , Catherine , dirac and lomax quickly back into ... int . lounge ... the lounge . dirac immediately close the door behind they ... dirac block the door ! they begin move table , chair , couch , anything they can find , up against the door as a barricade ... int . empty storeroom the priest listen at the door . silence . he turn , look into the empty storeroom . not much here . a large mirror on one wall . some old metal locker . a old boiler in one corner of the room -- it 's pretty large . next to it be a old tarpaulin stack up against the wall . terrify , the priest hurry over , crawl down behind the boiler ... int . women 's. sleeping quarter quiet . just the occasional lurping of liquid o.s. , as camera slowly track in on the storage closet door ... inside the storage closet : walter and he flashlight in the tiny closet . he 's listen at the door . now he look out a screen decorative grill ... walter' Pov through grill : the sleep quarter . dark. empty . through the grill : walter . he lift he flashlight to the grill ... ( continued ) 132 133-136 137 138 139 140 75 , continued : walter' Pov : Kelly . lying on the cot . her stomach be huge , as if she 's suddenly become | very pregnant == swollen from the ' amount unt of liguid inside | she ! the flashlight beam move up and down she body . through the grill : walter , stare out ... close : Kelly 's face , and we see a thin trickle of liguid slide up from she cheek and disappear into she lip ! through the grill : walter . now he hear a clunk , look over ... walter' Pov : door to the hall , as Lisa step into the doorway , silhouett there ! inside the storage closet : walter click off the flash - light . he stand watch through the grill ... walter' Pov : Lisa move into the room . she look over at the storage closet door , at walter peer out through the grill , then stop . stare at he . through the grill : walter stare back . omit int . lounge Dead quiet . the door have be barricade with every piece of furniture in the room . Brian , Catherine , lomax and dirac stand very still , listen . no sound come from the hallway outside . int . empty storage room the priest , hide behind that huge boiler , listen now , eye move . nothing ... int . rear hallway close shot : Leahy , lie on the floor , mouth open ... now suddenly he eye shoot open -- and the spark behind they be not he ... int . lounge lomax I do not hear anything ... dirac shhh ... ( continued ) 140 141 142 76 . continued : they listen again . nothing . silence . catherine . Sun 's come up ... they look over . there 's a soft blue glow at the window . dirac go over quietly , look out ... dirac' Pov : the sun just edge over the horizon . close : dirac look over to he leave ... dirac' Pov : stand there a few yard away be 15 Street people , motionless , stare back , mute guardian ... close : dirac look to he right ... ext .. abandoned church - day the sun be come up now . traffic move on the street normally . nothing to suggest anything be wrong inside the massive abandon church -= - except maybe for the occasional Street person shuffle by in front ... int . storage closet - women' sleeping quarter - day Inside the storage closet , walter peer silently through the grill ... he Pov : now Susan and Lisa both stand a few foot away , stare back at he , stand guard . through the grill : walter glance over ... he Pov : Kelly unconscious on the cot . her stomach swollen . through the grill : as walter look back over now ... he Pov : Susan and Lisa , just stand there ... walter normally I love be dominate by woman ... they do not move a muscle -- barely breathe ... ( continued ) om 142 143 144 145 77 . continued : walter Lisa ... I be sorry about what I say before . you do not look asian at all . int . lounge as Catherine lean up against one wall ... catherine I think I hear walter . the other come over , listen ... int . storage closet walter take stock . he have a flashlight . he look around . the closet be empty . should he try go out and fight he way through ? he look out again through the grill ... he Pov : Kelly . we notice some change in she face -- . subtle , but unmistakable . her skin have coarsen . there be dark circle under she eye . her lip be dry , crack . inside the closet : as walter hear a faint knocking at the rear wall . he cautiously move over , bend down , listen ... catherine ( distantly ) walter ... int . lounge on the other side , Catherine knock on the wall . catherine walter ! and now , very faintly , we hear ... walter ( distantly ) what the fuck do you want ? catherine where be you ? 146 147 148 e 149 78 . int . storage closet walter if I tell you , you would not believe I ... he feel the wall ... walter hey , can you dig through and get I out of here ? brian ( distantly ) I do not think so ... int . lounge brian «+. the wall 's too thick . catherine be you all right ? int . storage closet walter well , that 's a relative thing right now , but yeah -- ( he look over ) wait a second ... he go back over to the grill , look out , come back to the wall ... walter ' they be just stand . there outside . not try to get in . they have stop attack for some reason ... brian where be you ? walter I be in this closet ... int . lounge Catherine break a table brace off one of the piece of furniture in the barricade , come over to the wall ... ( continued ) 149 150 151 152 79 . continued : catherine I can dig through with this . it will take awhile ... walter ! int . storage closet walter , listen ... catherine ( distantly ) we be go to try to dig through . walter how long will that take ? brian ( distantly ) hour . walter oh , great . I tell you what , I will hang out here anyway ... he get up from the wall , go back to the grill ... int . empty storeroom - day the priest , behind the boiler . he 's still clutching the Roman ritual . he Pov : from behind the boiler , we see the door across the room ... suddenly it slam with a crashing SOUND ! a beat , another crash and the door swing OPEN ! calder step into the room ! he stop , look around . close : the ' priest , stare , barely breathe , make himself as small as possible ... he Pov : calder , as he see the huge mirror on the wall . he turn , face the mirror . close : calder , stare ... over calder : the mirror , calder 's image reflect there , as he stare into it , hypnotize , almost as if he see something we do not see ... he , too , have become a mute guardian -- of the mirror ... ext . side of church - day as the lounge window swing open . Brian and lomax lean out . ( continued ) o 152 153 154 cb ( t9a . continued : there Pov : down one direction , 15 Street people ... Brian and lomax look the other way ... there Pov : the other direction -- 10 more Street people ... int . lounge everyone stand by the window . Brian swing he leg out over the sill ... brian get ready to pull I back up ... ext . side of church as Brian slip out , drop from the window , and land on the ground some ten foot below . he Pov : the 15 Street people begin move toward himi now we see they have stick , board , break bottle in they hand ! Brian look the other direction ... ( continued ) o 154 155 a56 157 80 . continued : he Pov : the 10 Street people be close in from this direction , weapon in they hand ! for a moment Brian almost decide to try it . he look at the huge stone wall in front of he . too high to climb . and there 's too many of they -- so Brian turn back to the window and jump up for the sill ... up angle : lomax , dirac and Catherine in the window , reach down for he ... looking down from window : as Brian leap for they hand ! camera move back with the 15 Street people close in ... there Pov : tracking in toward Brian as he leap for the window , the other group of 10 Street people come closer ... up angle : as Catherine lean way out ... catherine Brian ! looking down from window : Brian leap with all he might ! close : Brian 's hand grab Catherine 's ! camera move back with the 10 Street people ... there Pov : tracking in on Brian as dirac and lomax also grab he hand , coming right up on he , as do the other group of 15 , as Brian be pull up into the window ! int . lounge as brian.is , pull inside . dirac look down ... dirac be Pov : looking down at the huge mass of Street people stand 10 foot below , stare up , motionless now ... ext . spire of church - day the sun be mid-sky .. int . . storage closet - women' sleeping quarter walter , still lean against the door look out through the grill ... ( continued ) ob 157 158 159 81 . continued : walter' Pov : Susan and Lisa be still stand in 's the exact same position watch he . walter you guy see any movie you like ? they just stare back . through the grill : as walter look over ... he Pov : Kelly , lie on the cot . she 's motionless , except for she chest rise and fall grotesquely , as if she whole rib cage be expand beyond its limit . a hollow , rag exhalation come from she mouth ... ext . 4 th dream - abandoned church - night a continuation of that strange dream , the video Pov from the future . we move closer and closer to that dark figure ... int . lounge - day wham ! Catherine wake up from the dream . startle . she 's sit down , lean against the wall of the lounge . she look over ... her Pov : lomax be digging at the wall with the leg brace . he 's just barely make progress chipping away there ... close : Catherine , as she look over ... her Pov : dirac and Brian talk together ... brian we can try the hallway after it get dark . if I can get around to the front , we can break window , call for help ... dirac no one out there can help we . dirac get up , walk to the window . Brian stare after he . Catherine , watch Brian for a beat , get up , come over to he , kneel down . she gently touch he face ... catherine the other morning you say you have something to tell I ... ( continued ) mo 159 160 161 162 163 82. continued : she reach out with she finger , trace a invisible line around he lip ... catherine and you probably think none of that matter right now ... but you be wrong . it 's the only thing that do ... she kiss he gently ... int . empty storeroom close : the priest behind the boiler , look out ... he Pov : from behind the boiler , we see calder stand there across the room , still stare at the mirror on the wall ... int . storage closet - women' sleeping quarter through the grill : walter look out ... he Pov : Kelly . she 's in half - light from the window . we see more change on she face , as if she 's slowly rotting | away ! the swell in she abdomen have go down so that she lower body almost look back to normal . she open she mouth , exhales a deep rasp ... ext . CITY skyline - day as the sun sink lower in the afternoon sky ... int . lounge Catherine ' sit . near the window glow with light from the set sun . she look tired , wear . lomax be nearby , huddle in the corner , asleep . dirac 's lean against a wall . Brian dig away at the wall with the leg brace . finally he stop , sag against the wall in exhaustion . he look over ... dirac . the light from the set sun make a soft , luminous glow on he face . he 's look at the window ... he Pov : the window sill , as a line of ant crawl madly along ... ( continued ) - 163 163a continued : 83. dirac Worker ant , drive to a higher purpose -- unknown to the individual . the street people , we collegue -- all control ... brian demonic possession ... dirac of a kind ... not what we would expect , though . never that . catherine why would he need we ? the book say he purpose be to bring the Father back from the darkside , wherever that be . dirac there could be a limit to what he can do -- as just a volume of liquid . he control simple organism easily . but maybe he need something more complex to complete a life cycle ... a host in which to live ... walter ( distantly ) hello ? hello ! brian ( to the. wall ) walter ... int . storage closet walter kneel near the wall , whisper as loudly as he dare ... walter it 's Kelly . she 's change again ... 163b 163c revised - '' prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 84 , int . sleeping quarter close : Kelly . back -lit by the light from the window . her mouth be open in a kind of rictus . we see she strangely blacken tooth , she skin -- rag and tear ... int . lounge now dirac have join Brian and Catherine by the hole . they listen to walter ... walter ( distantly ) the swell 's go down , as if the liquid be absorb into she system ... I can see tissue change on she face ... also I think she bone structure be change ... catherine change into what ? walter - ( distantly ) I do not know , but you would not want to take she to meet you parent ... dirac maybe that 's the only way he can actualize he power -~ a parasite grow into its host ... this could be some kind of gestation period ... catherine I know I would see it before ! Kelly have a mark -- a bruise ... almost like a figure ... I see it in a history book . the astrologer 's staff -- use in ritual magic in the middle age . dirac the mark be on she ? ( continued ) 85 . 163c continued : catherine yes . as if she be choose ... dirac walter ... walter ( distantly ) what ? dirac keep watch she . closely . anything you see ... tell we . walter ( distantly ) I have to go to the bathroom . 164 int . empty storeroom - dusk the window , as the sun slip down below the horizon . the huge boiler , that tarpaulin plopped against the wall beside it . camera move in , down , to see the priest behind the boiler ... close : the priest . he have the Roman ritual open , and he 's read . he look up ... priest Pov : calder , stare into that mirror ... close : the priest . now he begin to read the Roman ritual aloud , but very , very softly . whisper a exorcism ... priest ( whisper ) God and Father of we Lord Jesus Christ ... close : calder . either he do not hear -- or do not recognize the word the priest speak . he may hear they , but they have nothing to do with the will inside he that keep he stand there stare at the mirror ... priest ( whisper ) I appeal to you holy name , humbly begging you kindness that you may graciously grant we help against this unclean spirit ... {continued ) 164 165 166 166a 166b 86 . continued : close : the priest , as he glance up for a beat at calder ... priest «+» now torment this creature of yours , through Christ we Lord ... int . storage closet - sleeping quarter - dusk inside the storage closet : walter stare through the grill ... he Pov : Kelly . her face have change further ! in this half - light of dusk it 's hard to see clearly , but we know clearly that Kelly be decompose , disintegrate , change into some unearthly t hing ! through the grill : walter . it 's get darker , so he click on he flashlight , shine it through ... he Pov : Kelly , as the flashlight beam move across Kelly 's prone , motionless figure , up to she face -- and then Kelly slowly turn she head and look over at walter ! Susan and Lisa -- as they slowly turn they head , look over at Kelly , as a cot near they suddenly slide across the floor on its own ! int . empty storeroom calder , as he turn away from the mirror , sense that the thing inside Kelly be awake ! close : the priest ... priest God , creator and defender of the human race , look down in pity on this , you servant , trap in the coil of man 's ancient enemy , swear foe of we race ... int . sleeping quarter a flash : Kelly , as she look over toward the door ... int . empty storeroom suddenly the boiler move , of its own will ! it slide , press a a tent ? '' inward , scraping loudly , crush the priest 's pain shoot across he face . 167 168 169 170 87 . int . sleeping quarter - storage closet - dusk through the grill : walter , stare out in horror ... a empty frame , and then Kelly slowly rise into it , sit up , silhouett by the last of the sunlight . she look over at walter ... inside the storage closet : as walter 's flashlight flash suddenly , sputter out ! full shot : sleep quarter . as all the cot in the room through the grill : as walter give the loudest delivery of he life ! walter holy shhhiiii .... int . lounge - night as they hear walter 's voice echoing through the wall , scream and shout ! Brian start digging furiously at the hole in the wall ... int . storage closet - sleeping quarter - night inside the storage closet : walter be go crazy ! walter get I the hell outta here ! help I ! help I ! get I outa here ! walter' Pov : as Kelly get up off the cot , stand erect ... int . lounge Brian stop digging , put down the leg brace , get up and rush over to the door . he begin pull down piece of the barricade . dirac Brian ! in the distance , hear walter scream . now Catherine take over digging at the hole ... brian lomax , get behind the door ! . ( continued ) 170 171 revised - " prince of darkness " ~- 4/25/87 88. continued : lomax what ...? brian Close the door once I be in the hall ... lomax you can not ... brian no time ... Brian hit the light switch , plunging the lounge into semi-darkness . lomax move over to the opposite side of the door . dirac bend down by a table , pull off one of its leg , toss it to Brian . he pull off another leg , toss it to lomax ... Catherine gouge away at the wall ... int . storage closet - women' sleeping quarter walter , at the door , look out ... he Pov : Kelly walk up behind Susan and Lisa , stare in at walter ... the storage closet door , as it be hit by a psychokinetic blast : a huge je crack rip : rip down the CENTER ! inside the storage closet : walter jump back , rush to the rear wall , begin frantically digging , slamm he fist into it ...- in the sleeping quarter : Susan and Lisa move forward to the storage closet , begin throw they weight against the door , cracking it further , splintering it partially OPEN ! ( continued ) 171 172 173 174 175 89 . continued : Kelly , as something pull she stare downward ... kelly Pov : a purse on the floor , its content spill out . a small compact mirror lie there , reflect moonlight . int . lounge as Catherine claw madly at the wall . dirac look around , see a pair of chopstick from a old box of chinese food . he grab they , and a can of soda . he begin shaking the soda can wildly . the barricade be pull off the door ... Brian slowly turn the doorknob . wait . listen . pull the door open slightly , try to stare through the tiny crack ... whammo ! mullin ' arm shoot through the crack , grab Brian around the neck ! Brian bring the table leg down on the arm , hard ! mullin let go , Brian jump back ... int . storage closet as the door blast inward ! Susan and Lisa on the other side , try to crawl over it ...! walter desperately dig away at the wall ... int . lounge as the door to the lounge swing open , revealing mullin stand there , silhouett by the light from the hall ! he step into the room ! a flash : as dirac pop the top on the soda can ! a spray of coca-cola ... + ++ jet into mullin ' face , as lomax step out from behind the door , swinging the table leg with all he might ! close , over mullins , as the table leg connect with the back of he head , blasting he out of frame ! and Brian scramble out the door ... int . rear hallway +... and into the hall , as the lounge door slam shut behind he , and suddenly Leahy step into frame , grab he ! 176 176a 176b 177 177a 178 revised - " prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 90 . int . lounge Catherine scraping at the wall , and suddenly a hole break through ! int . storage closet the hole in the wall be barely big enough , but walter wildly pull at the edge , make it wider ... now he stick he arm through ... int . lounge ++. and Catherine pull . walter 's head start to come through ... mullin ' form , move around in the dark , be strike at from all side by dirac and lomax -- a frenzied battle ! int . rear hallway as Brian and Leahy grapple , Brian landing a hard smack with the table leg ! Leahy 's head be snap back ! but he hold on , pull Brian down to the floor ... int . lounge the hole in the wall , as walter madly scramble through into the lounge , as Susan and Lisa 's hand reach through right behind he , grab af after he foot ! '' Catherine jab at the hand with the leg brace , as walter now grab a chunk of the wall and being pound at they finger ... int . sleeping quarter as Kelly stand up in frame , now hold that compact mirror in she hand ... close : the mirror be rippling , like the surface of water -- no longer solid , but a glisten liquia ! over mirror : on Kelly , as she move she hand toward it ... ( continued ) 178 179 180 181 182 91 . continued : close : Mirror , as two of Kelly 's finger touch the surface , pass through it into ... int . the darkside full of liquid . underwater . almost totally black in here , except for a small square of light ~- the other side of the mirror , as Kelly 's finger move through , into the darkside ... int . lounge over mullins , on dirac , who dart forward and drive that chopstick into mullin ' neck ! over dirac : wham ! mullin spin around , stare at dirac , pull out the chopstick . close : mullin , as he open he mouth , a spray of liquid jetting out ! dirac , as he duck out of the way ... the wall , as the liquid splashes against it , drip down ... the floor , as it rush across ... mullin ' leg , as the liquid leap up ... close : mullin . the liquid drizzle up into he mouth again ! another angle : as lomax spring up and grab mullin , snap a arm around mullin ' neck , pull he backward ... lomax open the door ! dirac move around they for the door ... Susan and Lisa be force themselves in through the hole , as walter and Catherine continue beat at they ... int . rear hallway as Brian throw off Leahy . Leahy come up again , only to receive another smack from Brian 's table leg ... int . lounge as dirac open the door , and lomax pull mullin out into the hall ... 183 sia . int . rear hallway +». right into Leahy ! he grab lomax from behind ! lomax be suddenly catch between the two of they , as mullin slip free and turn around on lomax ... Brian race over , begin clubbing Leahy , pull he away from lomax ... as dirac come out of the lounge into the hall ... ( continued ) 183 184 185 186 187 188 92 . continued : lomax , as mullin 's hand move to he face , he eye ... dirac swing at mullin , but mullin knock he back into the door , as lomax scream o.s. -- and dirac stare in horror ... as mullin drag lomax scream down to the floor in a heap ... as Brian , on the floor struggle with Leahy , begin pounding he furiously with the table leg , as we see calder come out of the empty storeroom just down the hall , turn , walk toward they ... as dirac . start to go to help lomax , when suddenly he be grab from behind by Susan and pull back into ... int . lounge ... where walter and Catherine struggle with Lisa . she 's scratch , swinging at they , but they get around behind she , move she to the window ... as dirac spin around , fight Susan ... as walter and Catherine push Lisa out the window through the glass ! 0 ext . side of church - up angle - night as Lisa fall in a shower of glass down past frame ! int . sleeping quarter Kelly 's face . intent . push hard . close : the mirror , as Kelly try to force she hand further through , into the liquid surface ! int . the darkside black.__ underwater . the small square of light , as Kelly 's finger probe in from we glow world on the other side ! but she finger be in as far as they will go -- _ the compact mirror be too small ... int . rear hallway as Brian crawl away from Leahy lie twisted and crumpled on the floor , he head the center of a small pool of blood ... ( continued ) 92a . 188 continued : Brian look up , as calder come up over he , reach down ! Brian roll out of the way ... 189 190 revised - " prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 93. int . sleeping quarter as Kelly pull out she finger , hurl the mirror down in a fury ! . close : as the mirror , suddenly solid again , smashes on the floor ! ~~ Kelly , in a rage , now look over , start for the door to the hall -- and we see that strange bruise on she arm be vivid now , a exact duplicate of the figure in the old _ Latin book . int . empty storeroom close : the priest , writhe in agony , the huge boiler still crush he leg , as he look over ... priest Pov : as Kelly walk slowly into the room ! she stare over at that mirror hang on the wall , then look at the priest ... closer : Kelly . it look like a hideous smile on she face , as she open she mouth . Black tooth . . close : the priest , as he pull away , yanking at he leg , z try to free it ... close : the priest 's hand , as they grab on to the old tarpaulin and pull ... close : the priest , as he manage to pull himself out from under the boiler and around behind it , away from Kelly . * close : Kelly , as she turn , stare over ... * over kelly : on the mirror , as it undulate , rippling , no longer glass ! om 191 192 193 194 195 196 94 . int . lounge as dirac , Catherine and walter struggle with Susan , push she to the window , up and out through the break glass ... int . rear hallway as Brian get to he foot , give calder a hard thwack with the table leg ! calder go fly ... Brian look ... brian be Pov : mullin stand up from lomax 's body , turn and stare at Brian ... as Brian back away ... close : Leahy , as he move he head , come alive , look up at Brian from that pool of blood ... as calder slowly get to he foot ... long lens :. through mullin ' leg , as lomax now sit up , he eye go now , gouge out , but come back to life ... int . empty storeroom close : Kelly , as she put she arm up ... over kelly : on the liquid mirror , as she stick she hand through it ... int . the darkside a_large square of light in the underwater blackness . now Kelly 's hand reach through , grasp ! int . empty storeroom close : Kelly , push against some inter-dimensional force , she voice deep ' and inhuman ... kelly ( distort ) Father ! int . the darkside close on Kelly 's hand reach through , push further in , beckone ... close shot : something . a dark shape against underwater blackness . _ but there 's texture . slime . ( continued ) 196 197 198 199 200 95 . continued : it_is a head . the skin move . crawl . as now its two eye open , _as if awaken , and look over ! it be the Father of Satan , the anti-god ! int . empty storeroom as the priest yank hard on the tarpaulin , pull himself out from behind the boiler ... as the tarpaulin fall down from the wall , revealing a fire ax inside a glass case ! int . rear hallway as Brian come up to the door to the empty storeroom . behind he Leahy be now on he foot -- mullin , lomax and calder be come . Brian look in the door ... int . empty storeroom close : Kelly , stick she hand further and further into the liquid mirror ... the priest , as he hobble to he foot and smashes the glass case ... the doorway , as Brian dash in , start for Kelly ... close : Kelly , suddenly sense Brian ... a old metal locker suddenly leap up from the floor ! over brian , as the locker fly across the room and hit he with @ bang , knock he down out of frame ! Brian , :.as he hit the floor , the locker on top of he ... close : Kelly , as she turn she head suddenly , snarl at ... a flash of the priest : as he raise the fire ax , bring it down ! int . the darkside full shot , _as Kelly 's severe arm drift leisurely into the - dark underwater dimension ! a 201 202 203 204 96 . int . empty storeroom as Kelly turn from the mirror , and another arm suddenly spurt out -- grow out of she shoulder , replace the the severe lil limb ! '' her face be a mask of rage and contempt ! the priest , as he swing the ax again ! int . storage closet as Catherine climb in through the hole in the wall , slowly go to the open doorway , peer out . walter come through the hole behind she , follow by dirac . now Catherine step into the sleep quarter ... int . empty storeroom close : Kelly 's severe head , back to we , lie on the floor , as she hand reach down , and grab 1s the hair , lift the the head yj up ... the priest , stare ... Brian , push off the locker , get up ... full shot : from behind Kelly , as she lift the head right back on top of she body ... close : Kelly , seating the head , grin , eye stare at the priest ... another locker come spin up suddenly off the floor ... and wham ! it hit the priest , knock he back ... as mullin , Leahy and caldér suddenly spring into the room behind Brian and grab he , pull he violently over to the wall ! as lomax lurch in , blind , go for the priest ... close : Kelly , as she turn now ... over kelly : as she plunge she arm back into the liquid mirror ... int . the darkside Kelly 's arm . stretch out into the dark , as suddenly another arm , _huge , _black , inhuman , rise up , the claw of the hand open , reach back for Kelly 's handal 205 206 207 208 209 97 . int . rear hallway as Catherine emerge from the sleep quarter , move across the hall to the empty storeroom , follow by walter and dirac , as -a deep rumbling begin ... int . empty storeroom catherine's Pov : Brian trap against the wall with mullin , Leahy and calder ! he fight against they with all the strength he have leave ... Catherine , walter and dirac race into the room , over to help Brian . but that rumbling SOUND make Catherine stop , turn to look ... over kelly : the liquid mirror , as Kelly push she arm deeper inside , the rumbling growing ! the priest , try to crawl to he foot out from under that locker , stare at Kelly as lomax be almost on he ... priest no ! please , God , help we ! close : Kelly ... kelly ( distort ) Father ... come to freedom ! int . the darkside Kelly 's hand . reaching . the huge claw hand of the anti- God reach back . a black travesty of michaelangelo 's sistine Chapel painting . they finger almost touch ! int . empty :storeroom the rumbling be deafen , as Catherine suddenly race forward ... as Kelly sense she , turn ... as Catherine leap ... Kelly , as Catherine grab she , propelling they both forward ... int . the darkside as Catherine and Kelly float through the glow square , Catherine 's arm tight around Kelly , drift out - into darkness ... ) 210 211 212 revised - " prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 98. int . empty storeroom close : Brian , still entangle with Leahy , see and scream ! close : the liquid mirror , as Catherine 's foot disappear into the darkside ! the priest , as he throw the ax past lomax ... the mirror , suddenly solid now , as the ax smashes into it , shatter it , breaking the mirror into piece that cascade to the floor ... int . the darkside as the light from we world fragment , shatter , allow we _a last glimpse of Catherine in the underwater dimension , before all go black ! int . empty storeroom as Leahy , calder , lomax and mullin suddenly collapse on the floor , leave walter and dirac stand there . it be suddenly quiet in the room . Brian finally move across the room , bend down , stare in pain ... * * brian be Pov : the shattered mirror on the floor , Brian 's face reflect in the shard ... the priest , get up now , stare ... dirac stare ... , walter , look down ... mullin face , as liquid pour out of he mouth on to the floor ... dirac look over ... Leahy , liquid on the floor beside he mouth , begin to dissolve , steam issue forth , evaporate ... calder , a vapor escape from the liquid on the floor next to he ... lomax , the same ... full shot of the room . everyone motionless . like statue . * cp 213 214 215 216 revised - " prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 99 . ext . side of church Lisa , lie on the concrete , steam evapomt like a soft cloud ... Susan , lie nearby , the same ... int . underground church close : the ceiling , as that pool of liquid now mist away to nothing ... ext . front of abandoned church as the Street people slowly scatter , drift away in the night ... ext . side of church as walter lean out a window , look down , jump . he land below , look around . no Street people anywhere . he run off ... revised - " prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 100 . ( } 217 . ext . abandoned church as walter come run around to the front , hurry to the street . he see the very last of the Street people move away . he quickly flag down a car . 218 int . rear hallway as dirac and Brian help the priest slowly down the hall ... 219 ext . abandoned church - dawn the cold blue light of dawn . firetrucks . squad car . paramedic ambulance . walter , wrap in a blanket , talk m.0.S. to a cop . now the cop move away , and walter see the green sheet - cover body of the other , the possess , be wheeled away . he turn away , look out into the night , shiver slightly under that blanket ... 220 int . dirac' office - day the priest lie on a gurney . paramedics finish strapping he in . he glance over at dirac . dirac come over , touch the priest 's arm . priest maybe we have stop it here . maybe that future will not happen now ... d 7 '' 221 int . rear hallway close tracking with the priest on the gurney as he be wheeled toward the front ... there be something about he face -- he 's at peace now ... 222 int . empty storeroom ~ day Brian stand there , stare at the pile of shattered glass . dirac quietly enter , stand behind hin . dirac the smaller part could not live without the strength of the whole -- they have to die , to fade away , as the whole be throw back , repell ... we be safe . but he 's wait . on the other side ... @ ( continued ) C 222 223 224 225 228 revised - '' prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 101. continued : now dirac move up next to Brian ... dirac she die for we ... int . brian apartment - day close : Brian in bed . his body bruise , he wound bandage . the room be fill with soft bar of sunlight and deep shadow . Brian sleep ... ext . 5 th dream - abandoned church - day hand -held Pov , the same as the other dream , but as we move in toward the church we see Catherine emerge from the door , into sunlight , come toward we ... int . - brian apartment - day whammo ! Brian wake up . startle . disorient . eye flick around he small , decrepit bedroom . turn on a light by the bed . Brian sit up . slide out from under the cover . sit on the edge of the bed . can not believe he have the dream again . he reach over to the nightstand , pick up the telephone , dial frantically ... now he look over . brian be Pov : a mirror on the door of he bedroom , no longer a mirror -- a liquid , swim , rippling ! close : Brian , stare in horror . as he talk into the telephone , we see a shape in b.g. rise into frame ! it be Catherine ! out of focus , but we can still see she 's decompose just like Kelly . she walk toward he ... brian ( into telephone ) dirac -~ the dream 's back ! - but it 's " Catherine ... and the mirror 's start to ... shoot on the back of Brian 's head , as he slowly turn around , sense Catherine , as she shadow fall across he back ... int . brian apartment - day wham ! Brian wake up again . startle . scare . eye racing around the room . heart pound . sit up . ( continued ) ee be ee * * vd b 228 227 revised - " prince of darkness " - 4/25/87 102. continued : just a dream . as Catherine suddenly sit up in bed right behind he ! Black , insane eye ! change into a horror ! scream ! int . brian apartment - day whappo ! Brian wake up a third time ! terrify . look around . be this real ? he check the bed next to he . close shot : Brian . stare intently . now he slowly lift he hand , move it in , and he hand enter frame , and we see it be Brian reach out to touch he own reflection in that mirror on the door ... close , side angle : the mirror , as Brian 's finger move toward the cold , polished surface of the mirror , touch it ... ccut to black . roll end credit .