Prince of persia the Sands of time by Jordan mechner revision by Jeffrey nachmanoff June 15 , 2006 Jerry bruckheimer film the slow beat of war drum . we be move over the surface of a relief map . the european continent lie in darkness while the great empire of the caliph be bath in a golden glow -- stretch from Spain across North Africa , the Arabian peninsula and the vast land mass of Central Asia , to the western edge of China . title over : the ninth century as we home in on the himalayan mountain -- the eastern edge of the region of light -- the map become real . we be fly through mist and craggy peak , fog clear to reveal .. ext . army camp - night a medieval persian army campe on a forbid mountain slope , twelve thousand foot high . a group of battle - scar soldier cluster around a pair of man play dice , kibitze and make side bet . a heap of trinket and coin be pile on the ground . one of the gambler be a big brute with rotted and miss tooth ; he produce a golden bangle and drop it in the pot . all eye turn to he opponent ... dastan , who sit calmly with he back to we . we have not see he face yet but he very stillness set he apart . he 's as grimy and battle - wear as the rest but he armor and dress be of higher quality . dastan unfasten he own studd - leather wrist guard . display it for all to see ; drop it on the pile . the man crane eagerly as dastan roll .. three : a bad roll . the brutish soldier leer and scoops up the dice . close on he hand as he secretly swap the dice before roll ... a twelve ! groan from the crowd as the brutish soldier rake in he winning ... brutish soldier ha ! kismet smile upon I again . dastan ( 0.s. ) I can think of other explanation ... the brutish soldier look up . reveal dastan 's face : early 20 with the slim bear of a natural athlete , he 's of a nobler stamp than this gang of common soldier yet completely at ease in they midst . brutish soldier careful friend . nobody like a sore loser . dastan I be not a sore loser . I just do not like be cheat . the other soldier fall silent . uh oh . the brutish soldier glare at dastan and shrug off he cloak . massive chest and arm . he stand . brutish soldier let 's see how you like a beat then ... then he stop short because : the point of dastan 's dagger be a inch away from he face . we barely see dastan pull it out -- he 's that quick . dastan I have a better suggestion : one more wager . everything you have win against this ... dastan remove the dagger from the man 's face and flip it , catch it by the blade . he offer the jewele handle to the brutish soldier . it look valuable ... dastan ( cont 'd ) that be real emerald . brutish soldier ( examine it warily ) a roll of the dice ? dastan no , a test of skill -- I 'il take a single throw of the knife from fifteen pace . the brutish soldier raise a eyebrow . Fifteen pace be a long throw ... he nod acceptance . moment later a '' X '' be marked on a wood post with a piece of charcoal . the brutish soldier count out fifteen generous pace and draw a line in the dirt with he boot . dastan step up . he flip the dagger in he hand several time , concentrate like a pitcher on the mound . all eye be on he . various soldier call out encouragement : take you time , do not rush , etc ... dastan take aim , cock he arm and ... herald ( 0.s. ) Prince dastan ! uthrow ! the dagger sail off target and .. ka- thunk stick in a wooden barrel . a herald arrive at a breathless gallop . herald ( cont 'd ) Prince dastan , you brother summon you . the soldier look around , uncertain who he be talk to . slowly it dawns on they that he 's address dastan . dastan all right . I be on my way . the brutish soldier 's face be suddenly fill with fear . he pull the dagger free and hurry to return it to dastan , go down on one knee ... brutish soldier my Lord ... i- I have no idea .. please forgive I ... dastan a bet 's a bet . keep it . the Herald offer he horse and dastan swing himself into the saddle . the brutish soldier watch he go with grudge admiration . CUT to : a prisoner scream in pain ... int . persian army tent - night close on the prisoner 's face , drench in sweat . two guard hold he up while a third bring a light torch close ... nizam ( 0.s. ) stop ! the prisoner have have enough . nizam , the king 's Grand vizier ( 5as , culture and wise ) give the prisoner a sip of water , which he gulp gratefully . the four prince watch the interrogation . dastan be the youngest . next be the twin , farhad and farhan -- identical , equally fastidious aristocrat who do not like to get they gleam armor dirty . the eldest be tus , a tough battle - harden commander . tus question he again , nizam ; he will tell we who have be supplying we enemy with weapon and armor or he shall face the consequence . nizam address the prisoner in a foreign tongue .. the man nod in surrender and whisper he response . nizam react with surprise , then turn to face the other . nizam Noble prince . the prisoner beg for mercy . he have confess the identity of they secret ally .. he point to a spot on a parchment map with Arabic calligraphy . the four brother crane to see . nizam ( cont 'd ) it be the city of alamut that have be arming we enemy . tus ( frown ) alamut ? ( more ) tus ( cont 'd ) I think they be rumor to be a ancient race of holy people ... dastan what care we for rumor , brother ? if they have sided with we foe , then alamut must pay the price . tus give he young brother a stern look . tus we father , the King , would not decide so rashly . I will consider all argument . farhan clear he throat -- he brother speak : farhad do alamut have treasure ? farhan he 's only ask because it have be a long campaign ... farhad we be think of the man . farhan exactly . nizam treasure . food . beautiful woman . alamut be renowned for they . dastan nevermind the plunder -- the friend of we enemy be we enemy . tus remain undecided . tus I would have more proof . nizam I be afraid the proof you seek lie within the wall of alamut itself : secret forges , sword , spear ... but alamut be a mighty citadel that have never fall . you would risk much to attempt it , Prince . he bow deeply : the decision be not he to make . tus what say you , brother ? dastan draw he sword , a thirst for glory in he eye . farhad and farhan follow suit -- a thirst for treasure in theirs . tus look at they . sway , he draw he sword as well . tus ( cont 'd ) then let they fortress come down . ext . rocky slope - sunrise a series of shot : footsoldier on the move . catapult push on wheel . the Persian cavalry on horseback . pull back to reveal ... a ever great number of soldier as the army 's advance gain momentum ... the persian army emerge from the morning fog . thousands of man and horse . a stun , fearsome sight . ahead , in the shadow of the mountain , a massive fortress rise from the mist like the home of the god ... the citadel of alamut . ancient , mysterious and impregnable . the common soldier at dastan 's side look shake and make superstitious gesture to ward off evil . fearful soldier they say the alamut be sorcerer . Black magic . dastan I expect they be flesh and bone , like we . dastan ride ahead to join he older brother on the ridge , complete a quartet of horseman . the prince take in alamut for the first time with they own eye . farhad we be go to get dirty , be not we ? dastan you only get dirty if you actually fight . do that and I 'il polish you armor for you . farhan ( look dastan up and down ) you have do better to polish you own . tus come . let 's make we father proud . they gallop off . int . bedroom in royal palace - sunrise gossamer curtain billow in the breeze . a girl toss in fitful sleep . smooth limb , long black hair -- the darkness offer only a tantalize hint of the beauty that be tamina . a go ring out . tamina awaken , alarmed . ext . rampart - sunrise a sentry beat a giant go . alamut soldier run past shouting in foreign . ext . below the citadel - sunrise the persian army charge up the wide shaly slope . tus , gallop ahead , lift he sword and let out a war cry . from the rank rise a blood- curdle noise as thousand of voice join he . then ... a flaming arrow be fire from the rampart . all eye turn skyward to follow its arc . at its apex , the arrow suddenly explode into a shower of brilliant white firework , illuminate the attack army . dastan be mesmerize ; the Persians have never see gunpowder before . suddenly a arrow fell the man next to he . dastan instinctively raise he shield , block another arrow . dastan 's eagle eye spot alamut archer hide among the rock above . they be clad in black , like ninjas . dastan there ! Persian archer return fire . tus , in the vanguard shout -- tus to the wall ! attack ! ext . citadel - sunrise like the ocean tide crash against a sea wall , the first wave of footsoldier reach the citadel . ladder be throw up ; man scale the wall -- alamut soldier , rise from hide to meet they with arrow and burn oil . Persian soldier and ladder fall . the battlefield be chaos . all around , man be fell by arrow . dastan spot the problem -- ninja-like alamut saboteur darting like shadow among the troops . dastan the enemy be here ! dastan gallop toward a saboteur who 's just douse a catapult with oil . leap from horseback onto the catapult , he strike the torch from the man 's hand before he can light it . they clash sword . the saboteur , a intimidating spectre swathed in black be a formidable swordsman . but dastan hold he own with surprising skill . a second saboteur join in . despite dastan 's speed and agility , the two saboteur inexorably force he up onto the catapult platform . while # 1 keep he busy , # 2 light a torch . the catapult burst into flame . dastan battle on with determination , heedless of the flame rise around he . at last he turn the table and knock both saboteur off the platform into the flame . a moment of satisfaction ... then dastan see the tie rope burn . uh oh . he look down , realize what he 's stand on ... just as the rope burn through . the catapult arm fling dastan into the air . he soar toward the rampart ... ext . rampart - day alamut soldier , fight off the invader , look up to see a enemy soldier hurtle toward they like a cannonball . whizze over they head , dastan make a desperate grab at a pass canvas awning . it rip -- but slow he flight as he tear through a series of canvas awning , one after another . dastan 's amaze he 's survive until ... he run out of awning . confronte with a fatal drop to the next rampart , he save himself by grab the tear canvas of the last awning . on the rampart below , a trio of archer take aim . dastan dangle in space , a prime target . push off the stone wall with he foot , he struggle to climb the tear canvas . the first volley of arrow barely miss he . dastan climb faster . as he near the top .. the canvas rip -- drop he further than before and slamming he into the wall . ( thanks to which , the second volley miss he too . ) dastan get a new idea . he start to '' run '' back and forth along the wall , swinging on the canvas to gain momentum . the cloth rip more . not good . he 's hang by a thread . his eye be on a nearby parapet : if he can swing to it ... ext . citadel gate - day Persian soldier on the narrow bridge lead to the citadel run a batter ram into the iron gate . heave - ho ! bam ! and again . bam ! the batter ram smashes through the gate . the triumphant horde storm through the vault entrance -- only to find themselves confront by a second gate ! a torrent of arrow be unleash on they from above . they be trap by the man rush in ; it 's a slaughter . 10 . ext . rampart - day running on the wall , dastan swing almost within reach of the parapet ... just miss it . he swing back the other way ; a arrow graze he . below he , two more archer join the fire squad . they load they bow . with determination , dastan back up as far as he can for the final swing , the one that have to make it ... as he 's swinging toward the parapet , he canvas '' rope '' break . dastan sail through the air ... grab for the parapet .. miss it .. plummet toward earth ... and , brilliantly , save himself by grab a window ledge below . scramble through , just escape a hail of arrow . int . guard tower - day dastan land in a stone corridor . five alamut soldier converge on he . he draw he sword . and now we see dastan fight in he element . his style be medieval parkour ; he use wall , railing , statuary -- anything he can bounce , grab or roll off of for a advantage . Fighting he be like try to grab hold of a bar of soap . at one point , under double attack , dastan reach for he dagger -- only to find the sheath empty . oh yeah , he gamble it away . cursing , he duck one blow while block another . dastan run to the edge , look down over the parapet . he Pov : the main bridge below , clogge with soldier . beside he , thick rope cable rise from a open shaft . alamut soldier ( in foreign ) stop he ! as the soldier descend on he , dastan jump onto the main cable and do a fireman 's slide to the platform below . 11 . int . guard control room - day dastan land ; guard rush he . he flip one , send the next plummete down the shaft -- grab a crank lever -- alamut soldier ( in foreign ) no !! dastan throws the lever , release the crank , which turn -- ext . citadel entrance - day a cheer erupt from the horde of Persian soldier as the gate raise . Men pour into the citadel . outside the gate tus stare in disbelief as the bridge empty of man . tus to the bridge ! from all side , soldier pour onto the narrow bridge . int . bedroom in royal palace - day tamina gaze out the window . a handmaid burst in . handmaid my Lady ! we must flee ! the invader have breach the gate ! tamina what ? how do this happen ? handmaid there be no time -- you must save yourself ! tamina there be far more at stake than my safety . the handmaid bow she head in acknowledgment . tamina remain calm and self -possess . 12 . tamina ( cont 'd ) send word to collapse the passage to the hourglass . and have the dagger bring to I . handmaid yes my lady . ext . citadel MAIN courtyard - day a courtyard of austere and exotic Eastern beauty . at the far end stand a temple with a sacred fountain guard by stone lion -- all carve out of a massive block of pure white marble . a flood of Persian soldier soon overwhelm the defender . ext . CITY street - day civilian flee scream through narrow stone street . ext . inside the citadel - day the twin fight side by side without break a sweat . nizam ride through the enemy troops wield two sword at once with a deadly dexterity surprising for a man he age . tus , hack he way to victory , pause -- tus where 's dastan ? ext . another rampart —- day dastan emerge onto a quiet rampart -- a narrow trench between two high wall . the battle have not yet reach this part of the castle . a flash of light catch dastan 's eye .. he look up at a arched window where somebody be signal with a small hand mirror .. a fleeting glimpse of a beautiful female silhouette behind a sheer curtain : tamina . then .. hoofbeat . dastan turn to see a mighty alamut warrior gallop toward he on a armored stallion . 13 . dastan 's trap between the wall . the corridor be too narrow for he to escape . he 's about to be trample . the warrior draw a scimitar ... at the last instant dastan run straight up the wall -- push off with a backflip and land on the horse ! the two man grapple on horseback . spark fly as armor and weapon scrape the stone wall at full gallop . they fight -- dastan get the worst of it as he more heavily - armored opponent pound he mercilessly . the alamut warrior raise he sword to finish dastan once and for all ... dastan throw he arm around the warrior 's waist , drag he from the saddle . the two man crash to the ground . dastan fight he way loose . only then do he realize that the man he be struggle with be dead ; a arrow protrude from he back . dastan look up to see Persian soldier run toward they . persian soldier the horse ! get the horse ! the soldier run greedily past dastan after the riderless horse , leave he alone with the fall warrior . dastan remove the warrior 's helmet . his face be noble and in agony ; worse than the mortal wound be the shame of he own failure ... dastan remove he breastplate to give he air . tamina 's Pov - from a window above she look down and see dastan kneel over the body . the young warrior try to speak -- dastan crane closer to hear he last word -- too late . he 's dead . dastan slump to a seat position , spend . we hear the victorious Persian soldier looting the city in the distance . dastan notice a cloth - wrap bundle tuck into the dead warrior 's waistband , under he armor . he pull it out . unwrap it . it 's a ceremonial dagger with a glass handle encrust with precious stone . ancient and otherwordly , as if it have be make by the god , not man . 14 . the glass handle be half - fill with a fine white sand , so naturally bright it glow . dastan tilt it curiously , the way you might tilt a hourglass . glad to have it , dastan sheathes the dagger in he own empty scabbard ... on tamina - she eye burn with fury as she watch . dastan 's clothes be char and tear from he escapade -- she take he for the lowest sort of thief , one who loot the body of the dead for easy plunder . ext . citadel MAIN courtyard - day dastan emerge and spot he brother confer with nizam amidst the crowd of soldier . he approach . nizam ( to tus ) it stand to reason that they secret armory be well conceal . why not leave a team behind here to search for they ? tus ( spot he brother ) dastan . where have you be ? dastan tus , I open the gate ! tus , in a bad mood , snap -- tus every man here play he part . do not take credit for they bravery . the twin sneer and turn they back on dastan , resume the previous conversation ... farhad ( eager for booty ) nizam be right . why do not I stay and search for the armory ? farhan why not I ? 15 . tus all of you -- return home . I myself shall conduct the search for this weapon that we come to find . the steel in he tone warn they all not to argue further . nizam ( bow deeply ) we hear and obey , my prince . across the courtyard a officer inspect a group of captive young women the soldier have bring in . among they be tamina , she fine white dress conceal under a drab cloak . tamina evade the Officer 's gaze ; he lift she chin to get a good look at she face . officer let 's see you hand . tamina show one hand . the Officer yank the other into view , then give she a rough whole - body frisk . tamina suppress she shame and anger as he move on the to next girl . reveal : tamina 's palm the ornate ring she be wear earlier . she slip it unnotice into the fold of she cloak . across the courtyard she spot dastan . her eye burn into he , and especially into the dagger in he belt .. ext . central asian valley - day a caravan of Persian soldier , horse and camel wend its way down from the forbid , icy mountain peak . dastan sit backward in he saddle , read a book . nizam ride up alongside . nizam you brother do you a injustice . you turn the battle . dastan I do not need they praise . nizam smile . 16 . nizam you have much to learn about the way of politics , dastan . praise , flattery , renown -- this be the currency of power in court . nizam gesture toward a row of cart laden with booty . nizam ( cont 'd ) look , you brother bring you father treasure , trophy of war . what have you bring to gain he favor ? dastan I have rather earn he favor honestly . nizam how so ? dastan put away he book and turn around in the saddle . dastan nizam , why do we win victory ? because we have the great army . the army he build , with he life 's blood , start from nothing . that be a accomplishment . what have I do thus far except go along for the ride ? nizam to be the son of a great king -- even a fourth son - - be a destiny most man would envy . dastan do you know what I want ? to set forth from home with no army , just one horse and a good sword , and no one know I be the son of shahraman . then my achievement may be small -- but they 's 1l be mine . and I can bring they home to he with pride . nizam ( with a twinkle ) dastan , I have misjudge you . I think you the most modest of my King 's son . in fact , you be the most ambitious . 17 . dastan I be not joke , nizam . I will do it . as soon as we arrive , I 'il ask my father for he bless . nizam you would do well to bring a gift . dastan perhaps you be right . if only I have ask for a share of the loot ... dastan cast a glance at one of the cart pile high with rich silk , tapestry and gold ... dastan ( cont 'd ) do you think tus would mind ..? nizam well ... you do open the gate . nizam wink at he and spur he horse onward . dastan , alone for the moment , trot he horse close to a cart . he scan the treasure and select a gorgeous , embroider silk robe as a gift . ext . nasaf - sunset the sun set behind the gleam spire and dome of the royal city of nasaf . tilt down to reveal the dusty caravan finally arrive home . the return soldier be meet by a cheer crowd . the Captain of the Guards , garsiv ( a young hotshot ) stand at attention for the return noble . his expression sour when dastan come abreast of he : the two be about the same age , and clearly have some history . garsiv no injury , dastan ? do not you brother let you fight ? dastan hardly at all , garsiv . I be very rusty ; maybe you will be able to beat I in the tournament this year . finally . dastan smile tauntingly and ride past . 18 . int . banquet hall - later a magnificent eighth century palace with high vault ceiling and tile mosaic . musician play flute and tambourine , beautiful slave circulate , serve delicacy to the guest ( all male ) , seat on cushion at low table . tamina be part of a group of newbie slave girl be prepped by a stern matron who make last minute adjustment to each girl 's attire before send she out with a hor d’oeuvre tray . the matron frown at tamina 's outfit , tug at it to reveal more cleavage . tamina , indignant , seem about to slap she -- then remember where she be , submit . her face burn as the matron send she forth with a pat on the ass . follow the slave girl as they mix into the crowd ... and move past they , to a roped - off royal dais where ... dastan tear into a chicken leg with gusto . the twin , eat with elegant delicacy shoot he twin look of disgust . farhad you eat like a common foot - soldier . dastan foot-soldier know how to enjoy a good meal when they get one . bismillah . dastan halt mid-bite as he see ... tamina across the room . he be mesmerize by the sight of she . he drop he chicken and start toward she .. on tamina as she struggle under the weight of the tray . it be unexpectedly lift from she hand by : dastan ( cont 'd ) allow I .. a delicate flower such as yourself need care and drink , not heavy labor . 19 . with a flourish , he swing the tray to a nearby table , come up with two goblet of wine and offer one to she ... her eye go wide with recognition ; he interpret she reaction as fear of be catch by the matron . dastan ( cont 'd ) have no fear . I be Prince dastan and I hereby grant you a temporary reprieve from you duty . tamina ( in foreign ) I have see you before , you son of a dog . you steal from the dead . I curse you eye . dastan laugh modestly , not comprehend a word . dastan no , please -- there 's no need to thank I , slave - girl . you will find I be a very modern thinker . Social rank mean nothing to I .. as dastan babbles on , try to impress tamina , she eye go to the hilt of the dagger in he belt ... dastan ( cont 'd ) so you need not be intimidate by the fact that I be a prince . although I be sure it sound very impressive to you , I be only a fourth son -- a fanfare of trumpet signal the start of the royal procession . everybody surge forward to look ; dastan and tamina be separate in the crowd ... angle on tamina as the matron catch she without a tray and send she roughly back to the kitchen . int . kitchen area - moment later tamina duck out of the line of slave and double back toward the banquet hall . side corridor tamina find herself alone in a dark hallway . 20 . a sliver of light spill out of a door that be ajar . she hesitates and peek inside ... she stare : whatever she see be definitely something she be not suppose to . man' voice ( 0.s. ) what be you do here ? somebody grab that girl ! tamina flee . she race down the hall and slip into a laundry room to hide ... int . banquet hall - evening king shahraman enter with he entourage . Gray -beard in silk robe , he 's the age ruin of a once - powerful warrior . all bow deeply as he pass . at the dias everyone gather and take he place .. garsiv , Captain of the Guards stand sentry behind the throne . nizam step to the fore ahead of the prince . shahraman ( embrace nizam ) nizam , my old friend ! again you wisdom have bring we victory . nizam not my wisdom . by you royal faar you son have bring honor and glory to the banner of nasaf . shahraman ( suddenly perturb ) where be my eldest son ? nizam tus have remain to bring order to the land conquer in you name . his brother will convey he greeting to you . the twin step forward with elaborately ceremonial , simultaneous bow -- a bit over the top for shahraman . 21 . farhad my lord and father , to see you be like see the sun after the longest night of winter . we noble brother have entrust I -- farhan we . farhad --has entrust we with gift . on cue , ten slave enter bear ten gold platter laden with jewel , they powerful muscle strain under the weight . farhan and I bring gift as well . farhad we. farhan we bring gift . twenty more slave parade in , bear twenty golden platter pile even higher than the first . farhan ( cont 'd ) from turan and alamut , out of love for you , we carry the treasure -- farhad --his as well as ours -- shahraman alamut ? farhan -- through treacherous mountain , across the burn desert , and -- shahraman nizam ! the twin quake ; do they say something wrong ? dastan be as confuse as they be . nizam step forward . shahraman ( cont 'd ) what be this babbling fool say ? do we conquer alamut ? 22 . nizam we do , sire . shahraman the kingdom of alamut have endure inviolate for century as a sacred city . why do tus order the attack ? nizam o King , you son be provoke by the treachery of alamut .. when you learn the full truth , you will understand . but look , you youngest son wait to greet you . shahraman look at dastan ; he anger melt away . he have a special fondness for this son . dastan throw himself into he dad 's embrace , hug he hard . shahraman dastan . what mischief have you be up to ? dastan Father , I have bring you a gift . shahraman ( affectionately ) do you mean to say you have not lose it or gamble it away ? dastan beckon to a pretty female slave who appear carry a cloth bundle -- and in a nifty move , shake it out , unveil the robe of honor . everyone ooh . shahraman take the robe . run he finger over the gold - embroider silk . he 's genuinely surprised and touch . shahraman ( cont 'd ) dastan , this be unlike you . I shall wear it with pride . attendant remove shahraman 's robe and help he don the new one . the twin seethe with jealousy at such favoritism . dastan ( the perfect moment ) Father , I wish to speak with you about a very important matter ... 23 . shahraman later , my son . shahraman mount the dais and seat himself on the throne . shahraman ( cont 'd ) now nizam , tell I of alamut . nizam o King , we discover information that alamut be secretly support -- my King , be something wrong ? the new robe seem to itch shahraman ; he tug at it irritably . shahraman it 's hot . get to the point . nizam we learn from a capture turanian warrior that ... dastan Father ? shahraman take off the robe ! attendant hasten to remove the robe , but cannot . it will not come off -- it 's glue to he skin . shahraman roar in pain . dastan Father ! ! shahraman lurch to he foot . like a madden bull , he shake off he attendant , tear at the robe . steam hiss from the burn place where it stick to he flesh . nizam it 's poison ! shahraman take it off ! every one be shocked and horrify . dastan hurtle to he father 's side . catch he as he fall , stain he own clothes with blood . shahraman be die in agony , with third degree burn all over he body . shahraman ( cont 'd ) wiy son ? 24 . garsiv rush to help he king . he shove dastan aside . garsiv you have kill you father ! dastan what ? no ! I -- garsiv ( shout ) Prince dastan have kill the king ! Guards rip dastan away from shahraman . while he struggle , garsiv and other guard attempt to remove the King 's robe , but only intensify he death agony . dastan ( fight to break free ) father !!! garsiv lower shahraman 's dead body to the ground . he draw he sword and point it at dastan . garsiv murderer ! the twin draw they sword as well . all eye be on dastan . dastan ( choke back tear ) I do not do this ! ( look around desperately ) nizam ! tell they ... nizam look at he with shocked disappointment . nizam that be for a tribunal to decide , dastan . he nod sadly to the guard ; they drag dastan from the room . with a sudden , desperate burst of strength , dastan break free . he snatch a sword from one of the guard , parry the attack of another and ... uescape through a small doorway behind the dais . 25 . ext . hallway - moment later dastan run for he life . footstep and shout behind he . he duck into ... int . laundry room - continuous dastan slam the door shut behind he . he turn and see ... tamina she stand by the window , hold a rope make of knotted sheet . obviously prepare she own escape . dastan slave - girl ! what strange good fortune -- bam ! bam ! Soldiers be at the door . she push he to the window . tamina go ! ext . stable - night dastan land with a thud at the bottom of the sheet - rope . tamina tumble down on top of he just as he try to get up . tamina leap to she foot . dastan be slower get up . dastan thank you for you help , slave - girl . now hide yourself . I must flee at once and doubtless you can not even -- tamina mount a magnificent Arabian thoroughbred and take off at a gallop . dastan ( cont 'd ) tide . dastan stare for a moment . then the guard burst out of the doorway . dastan leap onto the nearest available mount -- a humiliatingly small and unimpressive pony -- and spur it on . in the courtyard 26 . a dozen of the King 's horsemen lead by garsiv ride out , trapping tamina and dastan . they be the best -train , most formidable military unit in persia . normally everyone flee from they . instead , dastan ride straight at they . he dodge right -- then leave -- and slip by : Magic Johnson on horseback . the result moment of disarray let tamina charge past on the other side and out the entrance . garsiv Close the gate ! as the guard relay garsiv 's command like a echo , the dozen horseman turn around as one to give chase . ext . palace MAIN gate - night the two fugitive gallop toward the great , lowering iron gate , garsiv 's posse on they heel . tamina 's larger and faster horse get there first . dastan catch a glimpse of she nimbly swinging sideways in she saddle to avoid decapitation as she ride under the close gate . impressive . but it look like the gate will close before dastan get there . to make matter worse , four footsoldiers range out in front of it , with spear raise to impale he . dastan 's eye narrow . redoubling he speed , he charge on ... and shatter a spear with he sword , open space to pass . he swing halfway off he horse and narrowly squeeze through . the gate close , sealing in garsiv 's man . garsiv open the gate !! the soldier raise the gate they just close . garsiv 's posse , which have swell to forty rider , charge through . ext . CITY in the desert - night dastan and tamina gallop out of the wall city and strike out toward the hill with the king 's man in pursuit . a full moon illuminate the rough terrain . tamina lead the way over a series of increasingly treacherous jump . 27 . dastan ( amaze ) where do you learn to ride so well , slave - girl ? two pursue horseman fall jump the boulder . the other press closer ... a arrow whistle past dastan 's head . he look over he shoulder , see the posse gain on he . he urge the little horse to great speed but he 's outclass . inexorably , the first archer draw even with dastan . he shoot ; dastan drop from sight ! the archer , see dastan 's horse riderless , be momentarily confuse -- do he hit he ? no , dastan be cling to the saddle on the other side , shield by the horse 's body . garsiv shoot the horse ! dastan , half upside - down , register alarm on hearing this . as the archer fire , dastan pop back up in he saddle and pull up the rein -- cause the arrow to miss . dastan escape into a narrow gully , force he pursuer to follow single file . descend the steep gully , dastan discover the true gift of he undersized mount -- he 's a mountain horse . the sure - foote animal rapidly regains the ground he lose . recklessly tackle the treacherous slope , dastan emerge onto a broad plateau -- ahead of tamina . dastan 's pursuer benefit from the shortcut as well . as they pour out of the gully they land right on tamina . she weave , try to shake they , but can not escape . dastan look back , see tamina in trouble . he slow . a mistake . within moment he too be box in by soldier on all side . he can not get to tamina . to dastan 's leave run the sheer canyon wall . as he horse draw up alongside it , he stand , perching on the saddle like a circus rider -- then run up the wall , use the horse 's gallop momentum to grab a overhange shrub . the soldier be leave herding a riderless horse . dastan launch off the wall and drop onto one of the rider harass tamina , shove he out of the saddle and take he place . drawing he sword , he fight he way toward tamina , knock off the soldier one by one . 28 . suddenly dastan 's trap between two rider : garsiv on he leave , another on he right . in a blind series of sword - clash , garsiv force dastan to parry repeatedly ... leave himself wide open to the soldier on he right . tamina dastan , look out ! dastan block the right -hand soldier 's blow in the nick of time . garsiv turn to see tamina riding up on he own leave . dastan do not waste a moment . he scramble across garsiv 's saddle and join tamina on hers . garsiv spin furiously to stop he -- too slow . they take off at a gallop . dastan you have more than repaid the small kindness I show you , slave - girl ! tamina 's eye narrow : this guy be clueless . but there 's no time to disabuse he -- both halve of the poss be close in on they . up ahead the plateau drop off in a sheer cliff . dastan spot he small horse run loose . take the rein from tamina , he draw up alongside .. and jump into the saddle . he reach out to tamina . dastan ( cont 'd ) come on ! jump ! tamina this horse be faster ! dastan yes , but it 's not a mountain horse ! trust I , jump ! tamina hesitates .. then jump from she horse to he . dastan catch she and haul she up into the saddle . as the soldier close in , dastan turn to face the cliff . tamina what be you do ?! dastan set he jaw . gallop straight toward the edge -- and leap out into empty space . 29 . the cliff be not quite sheer , just very steep . incredibly , the horse hit the nearly vertical slope at a gallop -- straight downhill . all the King 's horse stop at the edge . garsiv , in a frenzy , beat he horse , urging it on . but it refuse to continue . dastan and tamina hang on as the sure - foote mountain horse gallop down , skirt rock and pothole where a single misstep could mean death , until they reach the canyon floor . garsiv , strand at the top of the cliff , watch in helpless fury as he quarry disappear into the canyon . ext . canyon floor - night a shallow river flow between sheer canyon wall . they ride , tamina be quiet and impassive . dastan think aloud . dastan who would want to frame I for my father 's murder ? tamina where do the poison robe come from ? dastan it be among the gift send by my eldest brother , tus ... tamina and who inherit the throne upon you father 's death ? dastan tus . his head spin . he ride ashore and dismount . dastan ( cont 'd ) I would never have believe my own brother be capable of -- as he turn to face tamina , she swing a sword right at he ! dastan dodge by sheer reflex ; the blow glance off he armor , send he sprawling . he roll , avoid a stamp horse hoof that would have split he skull . he scramble to he foot , draw he sword in time to block tamina 's next blow . 30 . dastan ( cont 'd ) why be you --?! tamina attack without mercy . dastan , he arm deaden from the first hit , struggle to defend himself . tamina be good , but not really a match for dastan . with each fail attack , dastan recover ground until tamina have lose she initial surprise advantage . dastan counter - attack with blind speed -- he 's not try to kill tamina , just disarm she . finally he strike the sword from she hand . dastan ( cont 'd ) who teach you how to use a sword , slave - girl ? tamina surprise he with a kick in the belly . seize dastan 's arm , she sweep he leg out from under he . they hit the ground together , grapple on the riverbank . tamina see a open ; pull the dagger from dastan 's belt . he grab she wrist , flip she . the dagger go fly . tamina push he off she , scramble toward the dagger . dastan get there first . he snatch it up -- click ! grasp it , he 's press a jewel on the dagger 's glass handle . a trickle of white sand spill out and land at he foot . he look down surprised ... wham !!! the entire universe warp ! time slow to a stop , the dagger freeze in dastan 's hand . the law of physics itself be suspend : dust and water droplet hang in midair . the only element of the scene that remain in motion be the white - glow sand ; as it hit the ground , a gust of wind blow it away ... rewind ! ! time run backward , reversing the previous action . faster and faster -- tamina and dastan fight in reverse , they movement accelerate backward in a blur -- until -- dastan , stare amaze at the dagger clench in he hand , suddenly relax he tight grip . the instant he release the jewel , the sand stop pour out -- and 31 . the rewind stop ext . canyon floor - night [ second time ] dastan and tamina , together again on horseback , ride ashore as they do the first time . tamina be repeat : tamina '' who inherit the throne upon you father 's death ? dastan jump off the horse in confusion and terror , back away from tamina as if she 's a witch . tamina ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? dastan you -- turn , he point to the dusty patch of ground where they be just fight . or be they ? tamina be equally perplex . dastan look down at he empty hand -- then at the dagger , which inexplicably , be back in he belt ... and look up to see tamina 's sword flash toward he . disorient by what 's happen , dastan be slower to react this time ; the blade slashes he across the chest . dastan look down at the spread stain of blood soaking he tunic . he take a step forward ; buckle , fall to he knee . dastan ( cont 'd ) who be you ? tamina draw herself up imperiously , take out the ring she 's keep hide and put it on she finger . tamina I be tamina , daughter of sarkander , King of alamut . dastan ( mortally wounded ) what ... magic ..? he look down at the dagger in he belt . draw it . 32 . tamina give back what you have steal . dastan study the dagger . the jewel gleam on its hilt , just above where a hand would normally grasp the dagger . but if he grasp it this way , as he do when he snatch it up .. tamina ( cont 'd ) do not ! she make a grab for the dagger -- dastan press the jewel . click ! again , sand pour from the handle -- stopping time . rewind ! ! back through time , reversing the precede action -- this time , dastan be more aware of what 's happen . it 's as if he 's step outside himself , outside space and time , into a different dimension from which he can watch the rewind . he look down at the dagger in he hand -- just as the last of the sand drain out , leave the glass handle empty . ext . canyon floor - night [ third time ] time resume a moment before tamina swing she sword at he . this time dastan draw he sword and block the blow . she try to duel he but he 's the stronger swordsman . he disarm she and send she sprawling to the ground . he glance down -- to he amazement , he wound have vanish . dastan I do not want to hurt you , but if you reach for that sword I will stop you before you stab I again . tamina again ? her gaze fly to the dagger in dastan 's belt . tamina ( cont 'd ) the dagger .. you have use up all the sand ! dastan check the dagger . indeed , its glass handle be empty . dastan how do you know ..? 33 . tamina ( catch herself ) everybody from alamut know the myth ... tamina prostrate herself , avoid he eye . tamina ( cont 'd ) I be merely a foolish slave - girl . forgive I for strike at you Prince . I seek to escape . dastan look down , let she grovel . he realize she have no memory of have reveal she true identity to he . a little smile creep over he face . dastan I will forgive you slave - girl . but come -- we can not stay here . int . cave - later tamina sweat , building up the fire while dastan lounge . dastan that 's enough wood . come over here ; my boot be dirty . her eye burn into he : if look could kill . dastan ( cont 'd ) be something wrong , slave - girl ? tamina ( through gritt tooth ) no , my lord . she kneel to clean he boot . dastan take out the dagger and hold it in front of she , watch to see she reaction . dastan a dagger that can turn back time ... what else do you legend say ? she shrug and reply offhandedly . tamina only that it be worthless now that it 's empty . 34 . dastan press the jewel again and again . indeed , nothing happen . suspicious , he put it back in he belt . she finish with one boot . he lift the other and place it in front of she ; he watch she intently , try to guess whatever it be she 's not tell he . outside the sky begin to lighten . dastan the sun be come up . it 's almost time for I to go . tamina go where ? dastan to alamut to confront my brother . if he be indeed responsible for we father 's death ... ( touch the dagger ) «then I will kill he . dastan stride toward the entrance and saddle the horse . tamina follow he . tamina how will you reach he with the entire Persian army look for you ? dastan I will find a way . tamina you do not even speak we language ... he hesitates . tamina ( cont 'd ) I know the secret passageway , the back alley , the local street of alamut .. I can help you . he turn back toward she , consider . dastan for a common slave - girl you have a remarkable set of talent . ( a beat ) show I you hand . 35 . eager to please , tamina show he two empty hand . dastan grab both she wrist and deftly tie they together . over tamina 's protest , he lift she into the saddle . dastan ( cont 'd ) you may indeed prove useful . but you lie far too well to be trust , princess tamina . her face flush with indignation . tamina you know ? and you make I clean you boot !? he grin and swing up into the saddle behind she . dastan yes , and you do a excellent job -- for a princess . he spur the horse and they ride off . int . palace of nasaf - day garsiv stride in , dusty from the chase . nizam and the twin look up from they conference . garsiv my lord , he have the luck of the devil himself . farhad be it he luck or you failure ? farhan the King 's Guards against one solitary man ? garsiv he be not alone , my Prince ; there be a girl ... as soon as the word be out of he mouth , garsiv regret they . his face burn with shame . nizam ( sadly ) if only he have not fle ... 36 . farhad if he fle then he 's guilty ... farhan if he 's guilty he must be punish . nizam he be you brother ... farhad the king be we father . apprehend he . nizam ( bow ) as you wish , my prince ... garsiv , prepare a full regiment this time . garsiv right away , my lord . garsiv be out for blood . nizam note he eagerness . nizam I , myself will accompany the search party to make sure Prince dastan be treat with justice . ( turn to the twin ) tus be we king now . until he return , you rule nasaf . farhad ( delighted ) I rule ! farhan I rule . nizam hesitates as he look from one to the other ... then , on second think , simply settles into a courtier 's smile . nizam precisely . ext . mountain pass - day with a thunder of hoof , soldier of nasaf descend on a caravan of hundred of traveler flow through the pass . the soldier start grab people , search for anyone remotely match dastan or tamina 's description . 37 . ext . mountainside - day dastan and tamina watch the caravan below , and more soldier riding toward the pass . intent on the problem , they do not notice the archer above , draw a bead on they .. until tamina turn with a gasp . it 's a 12 year - old shepherd boy , guard he flock . dastan make a friendly '' excuse we '' gesture , and hustle tamina along . fiercely scowling , the boy keep the bow and arrow train on they as they pass . seize by a afterthought , dastan turn back ... tamina what ? CUT to : ext . mountainside - day now naked , the boy run toward he hut shouting -- shepherd boy papa ! papa ! waving in he hand dastan 's silver bracelet . ext . mountain pass - day tamina , dressed_as_a_shepherd boy , ride the boy 's mule as dastan lead it . dastan have shed he princely armor and look like any common traveler . they join the throng of people and animal move in both direction . as they approach the pass , tamina tense up on see the dozen soldier man the checkpoint . dastan do not worry . I do not look like a prince of nasaf .. ( look she up and down ) «any more than you look like a girl . tamina glower but dastan do not notice . they pass directly in front of the soldier , unnotice . 38 . ext . desert - [ another ] day the blaze sun beat down on the parched earth as the caravan cross the desert . pilgrim , merchant , dervish , civil servant ... a panorama of medieval persia . pale and weak , tamina sway in the saddle , tie in place by a turban cloth . a servant from a group of wealthier Persians pass by offer dastan a water-skin . he take it thankfully and raise it to he lip -- stop as he notice tamina out of the corner of he eye , dehydrated and exhaust . dastan lower the water- skin and instead give she a drink . she gulp it down , unaware of he small act of generosity . dastan nod he thanks to the servant as he pass it back . ext . mountain - [ another ] day dastan and tamina ( now on foot ) look down on they caravan as it continue without they . they be on they own . in the distance rise the icy peak of tamina 's mountain kingdom . tamina we have no food and only one water - skin . dastan God will provide . come . she do not move , just look down at she wrist -- still bound . dastan sigh , then come over and release she . he move on briskly so as not to make a big deal of it .. «and thus miss the murderous stare she give he , rub she wrist . ext . hillside - day dastan and tamina climb a steep little stream until a nomad camp come into view below . a dozen tent ; mule and oxen . hungrily , dastan sniff the cooking aromas . dastan I tell you . God will provide . he watch from behind a rock , hide . 39 . tamina you mean to steal this people 's food ? dastan they be bandit . it all even out . tamina bandit ? there Pov : a few fierce - look nomad men emerge . they all wear weapon . tamina do not like the look of this . dastan wait for I here . he dash down the hill before she can stop he . ext . nomad camp - day dastan sneak between the tent . there be people around , but he manage to avoid be see . he duck into a tent . int . nomad tent - day dastan check a few bowl and a copper pot -- all empty . look around , he spot something hang in a cloth ; sniff it . Inside be a giant lump of dry buttermilk curd . he taste it : not bad . famish he shove a big handful into he mouth , take the rest to go . startle by a moo , he turn to see a calf watch he from a dark corner of the tent . dastan and the calf share a moment : '' okay , you catch I . '' then dastan duck out . and back inside in a instant , as ferociously barking dog descend on the tent . dastan hastily tie the entrance flap shut . the tent shake as the dog hurl themselves at it . ext . nomad tent - day nomad bandit , alert by the barking , come to investigate . dastan crawl out from under the other side of the tent . spot a chicken strolling by , dastan snatch it and dash for the hill . 40 . a six year - old gypsy boy see he . shout at the top of he lung in gypsy language -- '' there he go ! '' ext . hillside - day tamina see dastan run up the hill toward she , chicken flap madly in he grasp , dog and nomad on he heel . dastan run ! tamina hesitates ... turn to run . and nearly smack into ... farood . a grizzle gypsy in he fifty . two rough -look bandit behind he . utter incredulity on farood 's face . dastan arrive , stop short on see they escape cut off . turn to face the dog , he reach for he sword -- farood offi ! on command , the dog fall back , snarling . farood look dastan up and down . dastan release the chicken . dastan ( be : tamina ) my cousin .. he 's hungry . farood a man should take care of he family . I have a family too . a big family . farood indicate the camp below , where a crowd of curious nomad women and child have gather to watch . among they , the little gypsy boy , who glare bravely at dastan . dastan do not the Prophet say : '' give freely to that in need , for what you give , God will replace ? '' farood a scholar ! 41 . dastan I be only a poor student from samarkand . my name be ali. ( before tamina can speak ) and this be my cousin , bukbuk . alas , he 's mute . tamina gape in outrage . farood I be farood . this be my people ; what be mine be theirs . Ali of samarkand , I will make you a bargain ; give I that fine sword you be wear and I 'il give you the chicken . dastan a sword be worth more than a chicken . farood a chicken be worth more to a hungry thief than a sword to a dead one . dastan the worth of a sword depend on who 's wear it . to gain one sword and one chicken at a cost of -- ( survey the opposition ) weight man . ten if I be lucky ... be hardly take care of one 's family . farood rub he beard thoughtfully . farood you have a high opinion of you own swordsmanship , Ali of samarkand . shall we put it to the test ? a giant bandit step forward . Seven foot tall and grin evilly . his friend place two scimitars in he hand , which he brandish in a blind display of speed and skill . dastan quickly recalculate the odd . dastan why risk damaging such fine weapon when we could settle the matter with a wager of skill ... ( dramatic pause ) a throw of the knife . 42 . the bandit exchange dubious glance . but dastan have they hook -- they be curious . CUT to : ext . nomad camp - minute later dastan crouch near a tent , hastily try to fill the dagger with sand from the desert as he press the jewel repeatedly . it 's not work . farood ( 0.s. ) Ali ! we be wait ! dastan just a minute ! he make a final desperate attempt , then give up . take a deep breath , he stride into the circle of nomad where ... a wood post with a X have be set up . a loooong fifteen pace away a line in the sand mark dastan 's throw spot . tamina look at dastan in dismay -- what have he get into ? he 's go to gamble away they only weapon . dastan give she a reassure look . he flip the Dagger in he hand a few time , gaug its weight . the hollow handle make for a awkward balance ... dastan get ready .. concentrate .. he catch the unnerve stare of the little gypsy Boy -- and lose he concentration . false start . everyone exhales . dastan give the kid a reproachful look : '' do not do that to I ! '' get ready again ... and throw . whop-whop-whop-whop.. ping ! the dagger hit the top of the post , handle - first , and bounce off into the sand . a complete miss . dastan ( cont 'd ) that 's not a good throw dagger . farood come . we will speak man to man . 43 . farood squire dastan away . tamina , leave alone with a dozen nomad bandit all stare at she , try to strike a appropriate '' male '' attitude . ext . nomad camp - day farood and dastan pause at the edge of the camp . farood May I ask .. after I take you sword and send you on you way without a chicken , what be you plan ? dastan without food or weapon , I suppose we will die in a few day . farood ( nod in agreement ) you destination ? dastan alamut . to find a cure for the curse that strike my cousin dumb . farood it 's not often in this wilderness that I meet a man as educate as myself . though as you can see , I be virile as a bull -- ala , my wife have give I no son . only daughter . Seven wife , eleven daughter . dastan shake he head with empathy . farood ( cont 'd ) this be my great sorrow . all I have learn will die with I , like unpick grape that wither on the vine -- for what good be education to a woman ? a man of business need a protogé -- a partner . where will I find such a man among this bunch of lout ? ( wave toward the bandit ) one might as easily teach a goat to speak . dastan you daughter be unmarried ? 44 , farood they be like eleven moon , each more beautiful than the next . I have yet to find the man worthy of they . dastan look back toward camp , think . farood ( cont 'd ) we travel the same road . do not the Prophet say it be a duty to give hospitality to that in need ? tonight , before we strike camp , we will cook the chicken you do not win . my gift to you and you poor cousin . it 's the chicken that clinch it -- as farood know . dastan and my sword ? farood my sword . you may carry it , as long as you be in my caravan . what be in my caravan be mine ; it please I for you to carry it . farood stride off , leave dastan bemuse . tamina , outrage , come up to he . tamina you can not seriously mean for we to travel with this people ? dastan why not ? tamina they be gypsy ! they would sell we out for a handful of copper . dastan shh ! you be mute . Left alone to simmer , tamina notice a female nomad ( haleema ) gaze at she . haleema , big enough to snap tamina like a toothpick , smile coquettishly . tamina scowl and look away . haleema 's smile broaden : she 's in love . 45 . ext . mountain - day a scout patrol of half a dozen man ride down from the mountain to rejoin a full regiment of the Persian army -- hundred of horseman with a well - equip supply train . nizam and garsiv be approach by the scout chief , hold dastan 's bracelet . scout chief a shepherd in the alburz pass say he son trade he clothes for it . to a man and a woman . nizam the alburz pass .. they be head for alamut . garsiv his brother tus stand between he and the crown . we must prevent he from get there ! the regiment redouble its speed , horse kick up dust as they go .. ext . mountain - day the nomad caravan wend its way along a mountain path , pack animal carry the roll up tent and mat . tamina watch dastan , up ahead , show off by do handsprings between two mule . the nomad , include the little boy , laugh and applaud . dastan fall back to rejoin tamina . tamina how nice . you have find friend on you own level . dastan at least gypsy know how to have fun . tamina I be talk about the mule . dastan make a face : very funny . 46 . he notice that she 's limping -- she foot be tender . dastan not use to trekk across the desert ? tamina I be fine . dastan shrug . he hear muffle laughter and turn to see several gypsy women riding up on camel . exotically beautiful , they giggle and whisper behind they veil . dastan step away from he '' mute cousin '' to wave and smile at the girl . tamina shake she head . on farood dastan come up beside he . dastan you choose you word well . a moon shine at night , but even daylight can not veil its beauty . ( off farood 's confusion ) you daughter . farood ( see where dastan look ) oh , that be not my daughter ! I would not let they dress like that . that be my daughter . dastan follow he gesture to see ... farood 's eleven daughter Riding in a wagon . strong as man and twice as homely , they glare at dastan ( haleema among they ) . farood ( cont 'd ) I have bring they up properly . hard worker -- and every one a virgin . dastan stare . any one of they could break he in two . farood ( cont 'd ) as my partner you could become a rich man very quickly . perhaps you could afford to marry all my daughter . 47 . dastan smile queasily ... farood ( cont 'd ) do you wish to know the secret of my success ? War . ( confidentially ) alamut have fall to a foreign army . a great piece of luck -- for we ! War be hard on soldier and common people . but for man of vision , war be a opportunity . Salt , cloth , thing nobody think twice of in time of peace -- overnight the price go up tenfold . this be why farood will take he tribe to alamut . ( a wink be : he daughter ) think about my offer . beam he clap dastan on the back and ride off . dastan look back at the daughter as they pass ... tamina haleema offer she a water flask . tamina shake she head , attempt to simultaneously convey masculinity , lack of interest and muteness . haleema insist . tamina give in and drink from the flask . farood 's other ten daughter hoot with delight , startling tamina into a cough fit . haleema beam adoringly . apparently , share water be a significant nomad courtship . as tamina walk past , dastan wink at she : dastan I see you have find a friend too . ext . mountain - evening the caravan be campe . dastan use the dagger to play mumbletypeg with the gypsy boy . he pause , hearing a distant noise . then the noise grow into a thunder . moment later , horsemen appear . a cavalry regiment charge past on the road above . dastan move through the camp . he find tamina sit alone by a fire . 48 . dastan Soldiers of nasaf . tamina look for we ? dastan look for a man and woman travel alone . I think we be safe with the caravan . he notice tamina rub she raw and aching foot . she quickly cover they . he turn away , not want to embarrass she further . but he 's concerned . ext . trading village - morning the crossroad of the world . the local be mongolian and wear the boot and fur hat of the steppe . traveler run the gamut of the silk Road from arab to chinese . nomad feed and water they animal at the central trough while merchant haggle in the surround bazaar . tamina draw water from a well . dastan arrive , lead a donkey . he grin broadly . dastan what do you think ? tamina about what ? he sweep he arm grandly toward the animal . dastan the donkey . I get it for you . on account of you foot ... ( prompt she ) ' oh , thank you dastan ! you be so considerate , such a gentleman - - 's tamina where do you get it ? dastan at the bazaar , what -- 49 , tamina I mean how do you get it ? what do you trade for it ? dastan look down at where she be stare : the empty sheath on he belt . he trade the dagger . dastan it be a lousy throw dagger ... tamina you trade the dagger for a donkey ! ? dastan what ? you say yourself that it be worthless without the sand , that the magic be use up .. ( off she look ) the magic be not use up ? tamina ( explode ) no ! I be lie , you idiot ! could not you tell ? a few people turn and stare . dastan hustle she aside before anybody from they caravan notice that she 's a talk mute . dastan maybe if you tell I the truth once in a while , we would not have this little communication problem . tamina take a calming breath . consider . realize she 's go to have to tell he a bit more . tamina it 's the sand that turn back time .. the dagger be the vessel . it can be refill when we get to alamut . dastan ( deadpan ) so you be say it 's worth more than the donkey ? she give he a look . tamina we need to get it back . 50 . ext . bazaar - later the sun burn high overhead . tamina look on as dastan haggle with a hogarth - grotesque , one -eyed merchant . one-eyed merchant «describe this dagger for I once again ? dastan it 's about this long , with a clear handle and it have a bunch of jewel on the hilt -- fake , fake jewel , they be glass , I be pretty sure . but the merchant I get the donkey from say that -- one-eyed merchant where be the donkey ? dastan sigh . he explain patiently : dastan I trade back the donkey in exchange for the chicken that he trade for the dagger and that lead I to the bushel of wheat , then the length of cloth and finally ... ( lift a jar triumphantly ) «this jar of perfume that you trade for my dagger . the one - eyed merchant sniff the jar . react . one-eyed merchant that 's not perfume , that 's goat piss ! and I do not know about any dagger . he shuffles off . tamina turn angrily on dastan . tamina this merchant have all be lead you around like a fool ! dastan thank you . how come you do not speak up before it be too late ? tamina because I be a mute , remember ? 51 . dastan take a whiff of the '' perfume , '' then toss it away in disgust . dastan if we be gonna find that dagger we need somebody who know how to talk to this trader , somebody who really understand this world ... he trail off as he eye come to rest on .. farood , in the center of a crowd , wheeling and deal . dastan ( cont 'd ) ( walk over ) farood , my friend ! I need you expertise ... CUT to : a group of nasaf soldier bully they way through the bazaar , question the merchant , who plead ignorance . they leader be garsiv . his keen eye rove the crowd . a soldier come up to report . soldier no sign of they by the river , sir . garsiv keep look . he 's close . I can feel it . the soldier salute and take off run . garsiv turn to move on and bump into a boy in rag , knock he down . garsiv ( cont 'd ) watch where you be go , boy . angle on the boy : tamina . a pair of hand swiftly pull she clear of the soldier 's foot .. dastan avert he face as he lead she away . garsiv turn and watch they depart back suspiciously . something familiar but .. he move on to continue he search . behind a tent - moment later 52 . dastan and tamina peer out . dastan we have to leave at once . tamina not without the dagger . dastan forget the dagger . I do not care about you magic relic . tamina do you care about kill you brother and avenge you father 's death ? ( beat ) you 'il need it . dastan ( suspicious ) for somebody who be try to kill I not long ago , you suddenly seem awfully eager to help ... she shrug and look down shyly ... just then a tap on he shoulder make dastan jump . farood Ali , bukbuk .. what be you do here ? I have find you dagger . ext . grand house - sunset the Soldiers of nasaf have occupy the three - story home of the wealthiest merchant in town . nizam be sip tea in the tile courtyard when garsiv tromp in after a fruitless day of search . garsiv no luck today . but tomorrow -- nizam tomorrow we make for alamut . garsiv my lord , I believe dastan be hide in the wilderness nearby and that if we wait -- 53 . nizam if he be hide in the wilderness then he can do no further harm . he look at garsiv pointedly . nizam ( cont 'd ) the personal animosity you bear toward Prince dastan cloud you judgement , Captain garsiv . tomorrow we make for alamut . garsiv contain he frustration and bow he head . ext . town - sunset farood lead dastan and tamina proudly toward a Inn . farood deal with merchant require subtlety , skill and year of experience hone in the bazaar from bukhara to Baghdad . you could not possibly be expect to master the art overnight , Ali . give enough time however , I could teach you . have you think about my proposal ? dastan stare blankly for a moment . then ... dastan ah yes ... you daughter . I can not get they out of my head . but about that dagger ...? farood that be easy ; the innkeeper have it . int . inn - moment later a older female dancer gyrate listlessly to the music play on drum , tambourine and flute . the table be crowded with diverse traveler . farood , dastan and tamina enter and make they way to .. 54 . int . back room - same lenk , the wizen mongolian innkeeper make note in he ledger . behind he be a middle - eastern pawn shop . the dagger sit prominently on a shelf . dastan gesture to farood and tamina : '' I 'il handle this . '' dastan salaam aleikum . I be tell you be not only a innkeeper but a trader of great renown . lenk look up slowly . take he in . lenk you have some worthless thing to sell ? dastan actually to buy . a mere trinket . a small dagger of purely sentimental value that I believe you .. ah , there it be . he point . lenk pick up the dagger and examine it . lenk a trinket ? this dagger have a gold hilt encrust with ruby and sapphire . the edge be sharp enough to split hair . and the workmanship be so fine it look as if it be make by the god . dastan ( feign disinterest ) I have see better ... how much do you want for it ? lenk smirk , assume dastan do not have a single dinar . lenk one hundred dinar . dastan done . Quick as a flash , dastan slap a coin purse on the table . 55 . lenk stare . he pick up the purse . its weight triggers new respect . then ... farood jump forward and grab the purse . farood have you lose you mind ? that 's no way to bargain ! ( to lenk ) twenty dinar . farood suddenly feel the purse and realize ... farood ( cont 'd ) where do you get one hundred dinar ? before dastan can reply , lenk snatch the purse back . lenk the price have already be agree . dastan yes , the price have be agree ! farood nobody pay the first price offer . ( to lenk ) he be a beginner . fifty dinar . lenk one hundred dinar . farood you be thief , not a innkeeper ! come , we be leave . farood take the purse , grab dastan and hustle he out . outside the back room dastan stop farood . dastan farood , I want that dagger ! farood oh , he 'il come run after we and take the fifty dinar , wait and see . 56 . dastan whisk the purse from farood and head back . farood ( cont 'd ) no , he must come to we ! ( shake he head ) it 's go to take some time to teach he . int . back room - moment later dastan hurry to the desk . dastan I accept . one hundred dinar . he put the money in front of lenk who , offended , do not look up from he write . lenk no deal . dastan all right then , name you price . lenk there be no price ! be I a beggar to take insult from a gypsy ? dastan be at a loss . now he 's completely screw . tamina ( 0.s. ) suppose I ask you . lenk 's pen freeze at the sound of the sweet , feminine voice . he look up to see where it come from ... tamina step forward and remove she turban . shake loose she long dark hair . a beat . lenk grin . lenk for you , the price be one hundred dinar ... and one dance for my guest . dastan ( instantly ) done . tamina look at he in shock and betrayal . 57 . ext . town - night garsiv stride down the street with half a dozen soldier . he 's in a foul mood after he conversation with nizam . int . inn , back stage - night dastan hover outside a curtain doorway . dastan ( guiltily ) it must feel good to get out of that rag . tamina ( v.o. ) ( coldly , from within ) go away . int . inn - night dastan pull up a ottoman behind farood 's . farood glance at the dagger in dastan 's belt . farood I do not mean to be critical , Ali , but you get the worst of that bargain . dastan ( he eye on the stage ) maybe not the absolute worst . just then , the musician strike up a rouse dance rhythm . the customer lift they head expectantly . the musician continue ... and continue . still the stage remain empty . the band leader beckon furiously toward backstage ; give the crowd a phony smile . at that moment , the front door open . dastan turn to see : garsiv and six soldier enter with a blast of cold air from outside . the soldier take several table , displace the local . dastan turn pale . he want to warn tamina - - but there 's no time . he settles for slouching down in he seat , out of garsiv 's sight - line . 58 . farood note dastan 's reaction , realize something be up . on stage tamina edge into view . she wear a veil and hold a scarf in each hand , as be traditional in mongolian yak -herding region . she look as if she want to sink into the floor . someone backstage shove she on -- she react angrily . dastan wince . the crowd be start to mutter . he glance nervously to see if garsiv have notice . garsiv Far from suspicious , garsiv seem perversely amused by the spectacle onstage . he turn to he lieutenant . garsiv pretty girl . a pity she can not dance . dastan hiding behind farood frantically gesture to tamina to '' dance . '' she glare back at he . he demonstrate , show she how she need to move she hip .. then see farood look at he . dastan ( '' groove '' ) the music be good , be not it ? tamina Ventures a timid dance step . the crowd boos . someone throw a chicken bone at the stage . dastan make more emphatic '' dance '' gesture for tamina behind farood 's back , indicate the soldier with he eye . tamina look . registers garsiv 's presence . tamina 's expression change . glaring defiantly at dastan , she shake she booty in the manner he advise . the crowd hoot and applaud . the band leader , relieved , kick the music up a notch . tamina dance , with plenty of hip gyration and scarf - twirling . her eye glint with cun . 59 . garsiv be rivete . dastan watch nervously as ... tamina dance off the stage , cut a swath through the room , straight toward dastan . all the time she keep one eye on the soldier . alarm , dastan duck under the table , baffling farood . dastan ( cont 'd ) I think I drop some ... tamina pull dastan to he foot . she dance seductively around he . her hand caress he body without actually touch . her breath sear he cheek through the veil . the nomad and yak herder stare open-mouthed . they have never see anything like this . the gypsy boy , he sight block by grownup , strain for a better view . garsiv speak to he lieutenant without take he eye off tamina : garsiv whatever that girl cost -- pay it . tamina and dastan she 's outdo herself , make dastan the target of a erotic floor show that have rivete the whole room . dastan ( hiss ) that 's enough ! tamina keep it up , smile wickedly ; she draw a gossamer scarf across dastan 's face . he 's sweat bullet . before he 's quite realize what 's happen , she 's draw the dagger from he belt -- wrapping it in several turn of she scarf -- and be dance away . outrage , dastan start to go after she -- then stop . if he pursue she he risk be recognize by garsiv . tamina dance back to the stage , have get what she want . but as she pass the table of soldier ... her eye briefly meet garsiv 's through the veil . be that lust or recognition in he stare ? 60 . unnerve , tamina hurry onto the stage . with a final flourish of scarve , she disappear through the curtain . the room erupt . they will be talk about this for month . dastan glowering , jump to he foot . he make a beeline for the stage but he way be block by the crowd of tamina 's admirer . lenk patiently handle the crush of merchant and trader thrust coin purse at he . dastan glance back across the room to the table where garsiv be sit . it 's empty . ext . bazaar - night tamina hurry down alley , glance over she shoulder . mongolian men , loitering in group in the darkness , notice . dastan climb onto a rooftop . up a series of ladder , drainpipe and awning until he have a vantage point of the surround street and alley . nimble as a cat , he run and jump from one rooftop to the next , scan all the while for a sign of .. tamina round a corner and spot a unattend pony . she go over to untie the animal . she hear a footstep and turn ... garsiv step into the light . his soldier fan out in a semi-circle , cut off she escape . garsiv a magnificent dancer and a horse thief . you have so many talent , slave - girl . tamina quietly hide the dagger in the small of she back . tamina I will pay for the horse . garsiv yes , you will . 61 . garsiv nod to the soldier who seize she roughly . angle on dastan watch from a rooftop . ext . grand house - night soldier sweep through the gate on horseback . garsiv dismount and approach one of the guard . garsiv where be nizam ? guard asleep , sir . garsiv send for he . he will want to be wake for this . ext . caravan - night dastan pace back and forth , grip he sword and mutter to himself . he draw a line in the dirt and start make hash mark on either side to weigh pro and con ... dastan ( on the con side ) '' the place be well - guard and you would probably get yourself kill ... ( in the pro column ) '' she have that magic dagger ... ( con ) «only because she steal it from you ... ( pro ) wif you do not rescue she , garsiv will do with she as he please ... that really burn he up . farood come up behind he . farood if you be finish draw in the dirt , Ali of samarkand , we be prepare to go . ( more ) 62 . farood ( cont 'd ) ( a beat ) where be you cousin ? dastan turn . dastan I have a confession to make , farood . bukbuk be not my cousin . bukbuk be my .. fiancée . you see -- farood hold up a hand . farood I make no judgement . dastan bukbuk be the dance girl . I mean , the dance girl be bukbuk . farood ( confuse ) what ...? ( realize ) oh ... you mean ...? ( grin ) oooooooh ! dastan nod , run with it . dastan yes , my parent forbid the marriage on account of she be a heathen . so we fle in the middle of the night . her father have we declare outlaw so the soldier come after we . we only escape by disguise ourselves . then we meet up with you ... now after all we have be through , she have be capture . dastan wipe a fake tear from he eye . farood put a hand on he shoulder . farood what a tragic and romantic tale . I feel for you , Ali . dastan ( quick ) then you will help I rescue she ? farood uh ... why would I do that ? 63 . dastan we of romantic spirit ..? friendship ..? goodwill ...? farood ah-ha , hah - ha , hah - ha ! dastan wait for he to stop laugh . dastan okay . how much do you want ? farood ( all business again ) what do you have ? dastan produce a gold ring . farood bite it : real gold . farood ( cont 'd ) you be either a very rich student , Ali , or a very good thief . CUT to : int . grand house , upstair chamber - night tamina stand in the center of the room , she wrist bound together . a pair of guard flank the door . garsiv pace around she . garsiv where be dastan ? tamina I do not know . garsiv why do you go on protect he ? he 's no longer a Prince . he 's nothing . powerless . tamina good . then you should not need my help catch he . he circle closer to she , menace . 64 . garsiv you have a sharp tongue , slave - girl . i’1l need to cure it if I be go to keep you . garsiv snap he finger and a Guard hand he a rope . tamina watch nervously as he knot it to she wrist , then throw the other end over a rafter . he pull it tight until she arm be stretch up and she 's force onto she toe . she grimace . garsiv ( cont 'd ) I all give you a little time to get comfortable . if you be still not cooperative when I get back , we will play some other game ... he tie the rope off to a cleat on the wall , then depart along with the guard . ext . grand house - night a pair of soldier guard the gate surround the compound . farood approach , a bottle in hand , weaving slightly . farood salaam aliekum . as he bow to the soldier a pair of dice fall out of he sleeve and roll up to they foot .. they eye meet . CUT to : a few minute later as farood play dice and drink with the guard ... dastan scale the wall in the background . he scamper over and jump to ... a large walnut tree dastan climb up and out a limb toward the house . 65 . int . grand house , upstair chamber - same tamina be tie up where garsiv leave she . she rub and twist she wrist together in a desperate effort to fray the rope . it 's no use . suddenly a movement outside the window catch she eye . she turn and see ... dastan perch on a tree limb as far out as he can go . tamina 's eye light up with astonishment and hope . she can not believe he 's here . he put he finger to he lip -- point down . reveal more soldier keeping watch around the house . dastan assess the situation : fifteen foot to the window -- too far to jump . on tamina - she hear footstep outside the door . she make a impatient face at dastan : '' get I out of here ! '' he hold up a finger : '' give I a second , I be think ! '' dastan stare through the open window at she bound wrist . get a idea . he take out a throw knife ( borrow presumably ) and start flipping it in he hand . look at tamina : dastan ( mouth silently ) don ’t move . tamina see what he 's plan . tamina ( mouth back ) no ! he nod reassuringly : '' I can do this . '' she shake she head emphatically : '' no you can not . '' ignoring she , dastan brace himself and take aim . she shake she head furiously : no ! 66 . dastan cock the knife : one , two , three ... just as he release , a hissing sound distract dastan : a large snake be coiling itself around the branch by he foot ! dastan jerk . the knife fly through the window . tamina close she eye as the knife sail past and ... thwack ! it slice through the rope where it 's tie to the wall , cause it to go slack . tamina open she eye in amazement and realize she arm be no longer hold up . she yank the rope from the rafter and run to the window . she see dastan do a curious dance on the tree branch ... tamina ( cont 'd ) ( whisper loudly ) stop fool around and catch this rope ! dastan look up as tamina throw the rope . the snake strike : dastan jump . catch the rope in mid-air ... tamina be yank out the window by she bound wrist . they plummet toward the ground until ... the rope catch on a lower branch : they bounce to a halt , ten foot above the ground . they swing back and forth for a moment . tamina ( cont 'd ) ( hiss whisper ) you know , for a minute I think you be actually go to try to cut my hand free with that knife throw ... dastan laugh nervously . her eye narrow : that 's exactly what he be try to do . tamina ( cont 'd ) you -- crack ! the branch break send they crash to the ground . two soldier come run ... 67 . soldier who go there ? dastan and tamina pull the rope teach into a tripline and sweep the onrush guard off they foot even as she continue to vent she fury . tamina I can not believe you ! the only reason you do not kill I be that you be such a bad shot you do not come close ! dastan rap the soldier 's head together before they can get up . dastan be that you way of say '' thank you for rescue I ? '' tamina take off run .. run out of rope and come crash to the ground . dastan ( cont 'd ) wrong way . he reel she in . he pull she close and wrap he arm around she . her reaction be a mixture of outrage , surprise and maybe a little bit of excitement as dastan run he hand down she body , search ... get it ! he pull the dagger from behind she back . cut she wrist free in one motion and tuck the dagger into he belt . dastan ( cont 'd ) let 's go . int . grand house - night garsiv lead nizam ( just dress ) up the stair . garsiv I tell you , my Lord , it 's the self - same girl ... they arrive at the door to the chamber and garsiv throw it open . they enter and discover that it be .. empty . a beat . 68 . garsiv ( cont 'd ) dastan ! ext . grand house - night farood wait nervously with two camel . there 's a rustling in the tree branch above and ... dastan drop down beside he . he reach up to help tamina .. who ignore he and jump down on she own . farood look she over . farood I like you better as a woman , bukbuk . one thing I do not understand ... be you still a mute ? before she can respond they hear shout of alarm raise within . farood hand they both full length burkhas . they throw they on and mount the camel . farood set off with he two '' women '' behind he ... ext . mountain - morning the nomad caravan be waking up . tamina ( dress as a shepherd again ) crawl out of she bedroll and spot dastan sit alone , stoke the fire . she go over and join he . dastan ( glance up ) ah , good morning princess bukbuk . tamina good morning , Prince Ali . until you come back to rescue I yesterday I be not sure you really be the son of a king . he look at she to see if she 's teasing he . she 's not . tamina ( cont 'd ) you father would have be proud . 69 . dastan I miss my chance to make he proud while he live . I play the fool , waste my time in amusement ... now it be too late . he look down bitterly . tamina you can still avenge he death with a noble act . you brother tus , who brutally crush my people -- dastan my brother be a good man . I still can not believe he kill we father . tamina 's temper flash . tamina a good man ? he invade we peaceful kingdom for loot ! dastan that 's not true . tus only order the attack because you '' peaceful '' kingdom be secretly supplying we enemy . tamina lies ! dastan I be there when the spy confess ! tamina you hear this confession yourself ? dastan yes . well ... not exactly . nizam translate it for we . tamina ( beat ) nizam be the graybeard with two sword ? dastan yes. 70 . on tamina , she mind racing . smash CUT to : int . palace of nasaf , hallway —- flashback tamina flee the kitchen and move down the corridor . she approach the door that be ajar to peek inside ... tamina 's Pov - nizam pour poison on the robe of honor . he look up and see tamina . nizam what be you do here ? somebody grab that girl ! tamina turn and flee . ext . mountain - resume scene on dastan shock by she revelation . dastan it be nizam ..? ( beat ) yet you encourage I to kill my brother .. know he be innocent ?! tamina do not back down . tamina not innocent : he invade and destroy my home . or so I believe . now I have tell you the truth . her eye bore into he . tamina ( cont 'd ) even if nizam deceive you , you and you brother have do a grave injustice to my people . it be you duty to make it right . dastan look back at she warily . 71 . dastan when we get to alamut , you will help I reach my brother . we will tell he all that have happen . he will decide what to do . dastan stand and walk away . ext . citadel of alamut - day nizam , garsiv and they regiment ride in through the gate . tus await they , tremble with emotion . nizam dismount , he expression sorrowful and compassionate . tus nizam , tell I it 's not true . my brother do not kill we father . nizam nor would I believe it , have I not see it with my own eye . would that I have die rather than live to witness such a deed ... my King . nizam prostrate himself before tus . ext . mountainside - day the nomad caravan struggle uphill against freezing wind and snow . ext . citadel of alamut - day a massive excavation project be under way in the main courtyard . hundred of slave overseen by soldier dig a pit at the entrance of the temple , where the sacred fountain lie shattered into piece . reveal nizam and garsiv surveying the excavation from a battlement . garsiv King tus be eager to return to nasaf , my Lord . why do you persist in this fruitless search for secret armory ? 72 . nizam I do not seek armory , garsiv . there be more here than you know . nor need to know . garsiv so long as I be to be make general of the army , I care not . but I be anxious about dastan and the girl . if they be to reach the King ... nizam ( cut he off ) then remain vigilant . make sure that never happen . ext . gate of alamut - day occupy by the Persian army , the citadel of alamut stand expose in broad daylight and shorn of its mystery . Soldiers station at the entrance do a thorough job of check everyone who go in or out . farood and he nomad wait on the bridge for they turn . farood we who have cross the hindu kush and endure every hardship of God 's creation -- now we wait . dastan and tamina exchange a nervous glance : get into the city could be the toughest part of all . dastan farood , there 's something more I have to tell you . I be not really -- farood nonsense . you have nothing to tell I . Ali , my friend , I have be think of the tale of layla and majnun -- the young scholar who abduct he beloved from she husband 's home . dastan ( perplex ) he do not abduct she . majnun spend he life pine for layla and die a wanderer in the desert . 73. farood ah well , you be more educate than I . in the version I hear , they escape together -- under the nose of she husband 's man . dastan how do they do that ? farood his friend create a disturbance while the lover slip through the gate . dastan glance at the checkpoint . they turn be come up . farood ( cont 'd ) Ali , I be not a man to pry into matter that do not concern I . but I advise you to consider my version of the story . ( into dastan 's ear ) anyway , do you really think I would let my daughter marry such a man - - a womanizer with no respect for the law ? before dastan can reply , farood hurry to intercept a soldier who be just lift the tarp cover the wagon : farood ( cont 'd ) ah ha ! please ! you may search I , and every member of my tribe -- but to search that wagon be a waste of time . soldier stand back . the soldier restrain farood , who become agitate . farood why do you not search the camel and the mule ? why this absurd fascination with that cart ? take you hand off I ! all the soldier come rush over to contain the situation . dastan nudge tamina . they edge around the commotion while farood continue to struggle and make a fuss . 74 . the soldier slash at the tarp and rip it from the cart . chicken fly out into they face . the nomad race to catch the escape poultry . farood ( cont 'd ) now who will compensate I for my chicken ? in God 's name , tie the cloth before they all escape ! dastan see the gypsy boy watch he . he wink and wave good - bye , and slip through the gate with tamina . ext . courtyard - day tamina rip off the turban and tie she hair in the more feminine , local fashion . hiding behind a low wall , they watch the excavation -- dastan curious , tamina horrify . tamina they have defile the temple and destroy the sacred fountain . dastan spot nizam , oversee the excavation . dastan what be nizam up to ? tamina he know . dastan he know what ? she turn away , think she own thought . dastan take she by the shoulder . dastan ( cont 'd ) you want revenge for what nizam have do to you temple ? to you people ? ( force she to look the slave digging ) I want revenge for my father . we can work together . but you need to tell I the truth . what 's under that temple ? tamina ( hesitates ) come with I . 75 . int . doorway - day tamina pull he into the shadow and start to speak in a hushed , otherworldly voice . tamina ' the sun god look down and see the wickedness of man , and the light become darkness in he sight . he send a great sand storm to destroy every live thing , wipe clean the face of the earth . 's dastan shiver , spook by she trancelike recitation ... her word she give tamina ( cont 'd ) ' but the great mother say to the sun god : '' who be you to destroy my creation ? '' and she blow the sand into a hourglass so strong no sword nor spear could break it . and thus she speak : '' this be the Sands of time . as you decreed , all that life shall die -- but not at once . Rather day by day , hour by hour , as the sand flow through the hourglass , so shall life slip away from all my child . when it be empty , then and only then shall the face of the earth be cold and dead forevermore . '' 's die into reverential silence -- which dastan break . dastan first of all , there be only one God . second , the way I hear it , it be a flood , not a sand storm . he a wither look . tamina for ten thousand year the hourglass hold the Sands of time have rest here in alamut , below the temple . they be the time of all mankind . the dagger be the key -- the only key , entrust to we by the god to protect they . it be the only blade that can break the glass . 76 . dastan glance down at the dagger with newfound respect . dastan so nizam be after the hourglass , but he need the dagger as well .. he must not realize it be ever take away . tamina ( nod ) this change everything . it be a mistake to come back here . we can not let the dagger fall into nizam 's hand .. we should flee . dastan and leave you people enslave ? and my father 's death unavenge ? ( shake he head ) I may only be a fourth son , but my father be still a king . as be yours . we can not give up that easily . tamina meet he gaze . see he determination and it give she hope ... a look of resolve appear in she eye . she nod . ext . alamut - day dastan follow tamina , weaving through alley and back way . tamina the dagger hold only a minute 's worth of sand . once we refill it , we will have only one chance to use it to reach you brother . you be certain he will listen to you ? dastan when I be ten , my father buy a stallion so wild , none of we warrior dare ride it . I be sure I could . ( beat ) the warrior be right . it be tus who jump into the ring . pull I out from under the stamp hoof before they crush my skull . he break a arm and two rib ; I get off with a few scratch . ( more ) 77 . dastan ( cont 'd ) since then we have have we difference ... but he have still give he life for I , and I for he . tamina hold up a hand and stop he as she wait for a troop of nasaf soldier to pass by in the street . she turn and face he . dastan ( cont 'd ) I give you my word that my brother be a honorable man . when he learn the truth , we army will leave you city and nizam will answer for he treason . tamina ( study he ) I will have to trust you . ( beat ) and you will have to trust I . give I the dagger . he hesitates , look at she questioningly . tamina ( cont 'd ) there be a secret path to the hourglass but it can only be open by the High priestess . and she must do it alone ... dastan ( realize ) you be the High priestess ? tamina I ’1ll come back for you afterwards . I promise . she hold out she hand . be this a trick ? dastan look into she eye ... slowly , he place the dagger in she hand -- they finger touch and linger a beat longer than absolutely necessary . then she 's go . ext . courtyard - day pickax swing rhythmically , chopping at the ancient stone ... overseer crack they whip .. through it all stride nizam . 78 . nizam tell they if they do not break through by nightfall , they wife and child will dig in they place ! ext . temple wall - day tamina walk to a distant corner of the ancient wall . nobody be around . she locate a brick with a fade image of a lion carve on it and a barely noticeable indentation in the shape of a diamond . tamina mutter the word of a ancient incantation in foreign , then place the hilt of the dagger into the indentation .. it fit perfectly . click . a beat . then a deep grind sound as a secret door in the wall slide open , revealing a narrow staircase descend into darkness ... ext . alleyway - day dastan wait , grow increasingly anxious with every pass moment . he do not like stay in one place this long . on tamina hurry back to retrieve dastan . a patrol of soldier pass the far end of the alley where dastan hide . a soldier glance over just as a shaft of light illuminate dastan 's profile . the soldier do a double take and whistle for he fellow to halt . on dastan wait , unsuspecting . the soldier ambush he without warning . he fight furiously but he do not stand a chance . on tamina finally return . she see the commotion in the mouth of the alleyway and duck into a doorway to watch . her face fall as she see dastan be drag away . 79 . ext . battlement - day a messenger come run up to garsiv . messenger Sir ! Prince dastan have be capture ! garsiv dastan ? be you sure it 's he ? where be he ? messenger here in alamut , sir . he 's be take to the dungeon . garsiv set off immediately . int . prison cell - day follow a rat scurrying across the dank dungeon floor to .. dastan , complain through the bar of he cell to a sleepy , drunk prisoner in the adjoin cell . dastan '' I be tell you , never trust a woman . as the Poet say : '' the only time a woman tell the truth be when she be silent . '' a hunch old jailor in a hood shawl approach , doling out gruel to the prisoner . dastan ( cont 'd ) and another thing -- the more beautiful she face , the better she lie . it be a prove fact .. jailor ( 0.s. ) should I take that as a compliment ? the '' jailor '' throw back the hood and reveal herself to be ... tamina . dastan stare in shock for a moment . dastan you ! .. I think you have sell I out ! 80. tamina be that you way of say ' thank you for rescue I ? 's she hand he he sword and pull out a set of key . dastan how do you ...? tamina you army may occupy the city , but my people still run everything . she unlock the door and they hurry for the exit . dastan suddenly stop and double back for second : dastan ( to the drunk prisoner ) forget everything I say before . and hurry after tamina . just as the door shut behind they ... the door at the far end of the room open and ... garsiv enter attend by soldier . they head for dastan 's ( empty ) cell . ext . prison - day tamina hand the key back to the real alamut jailor and thanks he in foreign . the man bow deeply and kiss she hand . she and dastan flee into the city . dastan ( be : the jailor ) I guess you really be the princess . int . prison cell - day garsiv stare in rage at the open door . garsiv find he !!! 81. ext . prison - day dastan and tamina look back and see soldier pour out into the street . tamina follow I . tamina take dastan by the hand and they run through the street of the old city . ext . marketplace — day a crowded , bustling souk . tamina and dastan try to lose themselves among the vendor and cart . but patrol of soldier begin enter from every direction ... dastan we be trap . they have get all the exit cover . tamina there 's a storm drain lead out below . maybe it 's not guard . again dastan follow , ducking down and hide in the crowd . ext . STORM drain - day the din of the market fade as tamina and dastan slip into the dark tunnel . nobody there . it look like maybe they have escape . until they emerge on the other side and find ... a patrol of a dozen nasaf soldier . dastan draw he sword . man 's voice ( 0.s. ) put away you sword . dastan turn and see .. the brutish soldier he let keep the dagger in the open scene . he approach and loom over dastan . brutish soldier dastan be a great Prince of nasaf . I know he personally . he wear only the finest clothes and armor . jewel and gold . ( more ) 82 . brutish soldier ( cont 'd ) ( scornful ) this man be clearly no prince . let they go . one brave soldier step forward to object . soldier but what if -- brutish soldier I say : let they go . the soldier step back , cow . dastan and the brute exchange a brief glance . dastan nod : the debt be square . CUT to : i/e. secret entrance - day tamina lead dastan to the doorway . they step inside and start down the stair ... the stair end . tamina light a torch . the flame illuminate a musty passageway , clearly ancient . hushed , echoing . a underground river flow somewhere out of sight . tamina recite a prayer in ancient foreign , praise the god and ask permission to enter . dastan shift uncomfortably and look elsewhere . carve into the stone wall be a enormous lion face , primitive and terrifying . dastan peer closer . tamina yank he back . tamina this be not a game . this place be sacred . there 's a ritual for how you approach it . the sun god will be angry if we do not show respect . dastan you sun god be a lion ? ( off she exasperate look ) all right ! I x11 just follow you . as they pass the lion , tamina give it a wide berth , all the while uttering respectful prayer and make little bow toward it . dastan roll he eye , and half - heartedly follow suit . tamina 's torch illuminate the stone floor as they go . she grab dastan to stop he from step in a certain place . 83 . tamina do you see that black pave - stone ? dastan look closely ; he can make out a few flake of what might have be black paint , a thousand year ago . dastan I would not call it black . maybe it 's a little bit darker than the other . tamina we be in the sun god 's temple . the black stone represent man 's wickedness , the greed and selfishness that bring the sandstorm on we . we do not step on the black stone . dastan all right , look . I do not want to disrespect you religion . it 's just that we may not have time to follow every little superstition ... tamina dastan ! her eye flash dangerously . dastan back down . dastan all right . no black stone . ext . courtyard - day nizam turn from the dig as garsiv stride to meet he . garsiv my lord . dastan be in alamut . int . broken bridge chasm tamina and dastan come to a halt at the edge of a water - fill chasm where a rope bridge use to be . remnant of rope dangle uselessly from either side . the rock wall have partially collapse , smash the bridge and flooding the chasm with water . 84 . tamina ( dismay ) they must have weaken that wall with they digging . now we can not get across . dastan 's eye rove the far wall . dastan I think I can . tamina how ? dastan back up for a run start . tamina grab he . tamina ( cont 'd ) do not be a fool . you can not jump that far . dastan I know that . I be not crazy . he sprint toward the edge ... but instead of jump the gap , he run along the wall for a good 20 foot .. until gravity catch up with he , he foot slip-slide and he start to fall . dastan push off the wall with he foot , propelling himself across the gap -- grab a crevice in the rock wall opposite , barely save himself from the plunge -- -- as spike spring up below , break the surface of the muddy water cover the bottom of the pit . tamina gasp . dastan begin to rock -climb across the wall , use the most miniscule hand and foothold . he nearly fall -- more spike spring up below -- but he hang on , keep go . tamina watch , hold she breath . at last dastan reach the far wall . it 's sheer , not a handhold in sight . he grope for one anyway . his hand slip on the slick rock . tamina can not look ... the chasm be too wide at this end for dastan to jump back to the opposite wall . nevertheless , he brace he foot against the rock -- and launch himself out into space . 85 . sail over the pit .. he grab the end of the break rope bridge as he fall past it . hang on , twist and dangle . it hold . dastan climb up the rope bridge to safety . brushes himself off , shout reproachfully at tamina across the chasm -- dastan ( cont 'd ) you could have warn I about the spike ! tamina how do I get across ? dastan look around . there 's no way . dastan we will figure something out . tamina no . you be almost there . ( she take out the dagger ) in the top of the hourglass be all time yet to come . in the bottom be time past . between the two , it narrow to the width of a single moment : the now . that be where you must insert the dagger 's handle . she toss the dagger across the chasm . dastan catch it . tamina ( cont 'd ) hold the dagger by the blade . the handle will catch the sand as it fall . this be important : the blade must never touch the hourglass . they eye meet across the chasm . both acknowledge the trust she 's place in he . dastan just make sure you be here when I get back . he disappear . tamina watch he go . tamina watch out for the black stone ! 86 . int . hourglass passageway dastan thread he way through a narrow corridor , step over the occasional black tile . with each step he take , nothing happen and he grow more confident . he come to another stone lion like the first . sigh , he do as tamina do , place he back against the opposite wall . dastan lion , I can not bow down before you for no one deserve worship but God . but I do respect you , as a lion -- and I ask you not to bite I . please with this compromise , dastan pass the lion . and catch himself just about to step on a fade , black - paint stone . look ahead he realize that half the pave stone in the corridor ahead of he be black . dastan ( cont 'd ) ( sigh ) God forgive I -- but she believe in it so what be I to do ? with a martyre air , he hop-scotch down the corridor , from one safe stone to the next , until he reach the alcove at the passageway 's midpoint . as he pause to take a breather , dastan 's eye be draw to a mural depict the legend : a angry sun god with a lion 's head , a blind sandstorm , the hourglass ... dastan gaze in awe , experience the full religious impact . maybe there 's more to this than he think ... dastan take a deep breath and look ahead ; the second half of the passageway be fill with even more black stone . carefully , he hop between the increasingly scarce safe stone . to avoid get strand , he 's force to start use the wall , cling to they like a rockclimber . at last , the end of the black tile come into sight . gritting he tooth , he push off the wall with he foot , jump through the air , strain for distance -- 87 . he 's not go to make it . switch he landing to a dive at the last instant , he hit the floor with both hand instead of he foot , tumble -- and clear it ! exhaling with relief , he get to he foot ... and hear a ominous '' snick '' he 's never hear before . look down he see he 's stand right on a black stone . he look around for bad consequence . do not see any . dastan ( cont 'd ) sorry lion . thwipp !! a scythe come swinging down from the ceiling behind he . dastan jump aside , barely escape be bisect vertically -- only to land on another black stone . fwipp ! a horizontal scythe whip out from the wall at knee level . the blade just miss he as he jump back -- trigger two more horizontal scythes on the opposite wall , one at neck level , one waist-high . he escape both by throwing himself flat -- -- land face down , only to hear the telltale '' snick '' of he weight depress yet another black stone . uh-oh ... dastan roll out of the way of one vertical scythe that whip out of the floor -- lift he leg just in time to escape castration by another -- and somersault past a third . he land in a crouch , look around in wild terror . miraculously , he 's survive it all . dastan ( cont 'd ) ( very fast , heartfelt ) there be no god but God , the almighty , all - compassionate and all - merciful . praise be to God ; you alone do we worship ; guide we on the straight path ; amen . ( quick afterthought ) and no disrespect to the lion . int . hourglass chamber dastan advance into the silent , natural cavern . a waterfall cascade down a sheer rock face into the darkness of a abyss . we hear a underground river rush far below . 88 . tower at the edge of the abyss be a titanic hourglass . it seem to have grow out of the rock itself . it hold thousand of ton of glow white sand that bathe the chamber in a eerie light . fascinate , dastan approach . he stare at the sand ; thousand of million of year worth of time -- no way to fathom it . he look up at a ascend set of stair carve into the stone , lead to a rock promontory at the neck of the hourglass ... he begin to climb the stair . at the top be a flat outcropping of rock . above he loom the gigantic upper half of the hourglass , a vast reservoir of glow sand . dastan lie down and belly crawl until he head and shoulder be over the edge of the abyss and he can reach the neck of the hourglass . he draw the dagger . holding it as tamina instruct , by the blade , he bring its handle to within a inch of the glass . dastan God be great . bismillah . he push the dagger forward , with no idea what will happen . the dagger 's handle penetrate the thick glass , instantly render liquid as quicksilver . dastan 's so startle he jerk it right back out again -- rendering the glass once more miraculously intact . deliberately , dastan repeat the action . this time , he hold the dagger inside the hourglass , to catch the fall sand . slowly , before he eye , the glass handle start to fill ... ext . courtyard / in the pit - day a pick - axe break through the rock shelf , trigger a landslide beneath the digger 's foot . with shout of alarm , they slide toward the bottom ; they fellow digger catch they , hang on for dear life , and pull they to safety . 89 . int . broken bridge chasm tamina be startle to see new crack suddenly appear in the rock wall above the chasm . water trickle through , suggest a significant pressure build - up on the other side . tamina back away ... the water burst part of the wall , pour through in a torrent . int . hourglass chamber dastan realize he 's be hold he breath . with a gasp , he pull the dagger back . it 's full of glow sand . the hourglass be as solid as if it have never be touch . int . hourglass passageway dastan hop -scothes back through the corridor , nimbly avoid the black stone . until , hurry past the stone lion , he forget to hug the opposite wall . serrate iron jaw swing out from the horizontal slit of the lion 's mouth . dastan hurdle over the jaw as they crunch together like a giant bear-trap . as dastan run , the corridor floor collapse under he . desperately he increase he speed . he can already see the break bridge ahead . in a few more stride , there 's 1ll be no floor leave to run on . he make a heroic running jump -- «out into space , above the yawn chasm where the floor fall in ... '' and fall short . he can not believe it . after everything he 's be through , this be how it end -- plunging toward certain death on jagged spike below ! as he 's about to be impale , he snatch the dagger from its sheath -- boom !! time stop -- the spike inch from dastan 's chest , the entire scene freeze except for the sand spilling from the dagger in dastan 's hand ... he finger on the jewel . the sand blow away like ash in the wind . rewind ! ! 90 . time run backward . dastan fly up away from the spike , the corridor floor reassembling under he foot as he run backwards , jump backward over the lion - jaw as they open -- until he hand release the jewel . int . hourglass passageway [ second time ] this time , dastan run to one side as he pass the lion jaw . and he 's through , safely skirt all the trap . int . broken bridge chasm water gushes in , swell the already flood pit .. while new crack pop up everywhere in the stress rock wall . tamina see dastan appear on the far side of the chasm . tamina it 's collapse ! dastan survey the scene . he see that the rock wall be a dam ready to burst -- suddenly the edge where tamina be stand collapse ! she fall into the water . without hesitation , dastan dive into the chasm and start swim across , dodging fall rock and swirl current . tamina see dastan go under .. she look around desperately ... dastan surface right in front of she . dastan take a deep breath . he grab tamina and pull she down into the water . the dam burst ! the wall cave in , a thunder of rock and water be unleash . underwater : the explosive current propel dastan and tamina through a stone - wall channel -- dastan take tamina 's hand , kick upward toward the light -- 91 . ext . river - day dastan and tamina surface in the river , below the citadel wall . they gasp for air . as soon as they catch they breath ... tamina you use the dagger , do not you ! batter , half - dead with exhaustion , dastan hoist himself onto the embankment . he reach to help tamina up . angrily she shake he off . tamina ( cont 'd ) one minute . we have one minute of sand to get to you brother and you have already use half of it ! dastan look at the dagger -- it 's half empty . dastan I do not think I use that much . just then , he dodge instinctively as a arrow miss he head by inch , imbed in the wall behind he . defensively , before tamina can accuse he -- dastan ( cont 'd ) it miss by itself . archer assemble on the rampart above . dastan and tamina race up the stone step of the embankment . tamina I just have the strangest feel we have do this before ... dastan suddenly grab she , yank she back . tamina ( cont 'd ) what ? dastan wait . in the next instant , a volley of arrow shoot past right in front of tamina . dastan release she . dastan ( cont 'd ) now. 92 . as they continue they dash up the stair -- tamina you do it again , do not you !? dastan that time I do . trust I , you be not any happier the other way . int . hourglass chamber - day the majestic hourglass sit in silent darkness . suddenly , a pick break through the roof . a shaft of sunlight illuminate the chamber that have be dark for century . shout of excitement from the worker above . more pick chip at the hole , raining down rock and debris . the hourglass : as the rock strike its surface , it begin to resonate like a great warning bell ... ext . excavation pit —- same drawn by the sound , nizam move down toward the hole .. he eye light up as he finally glimpsis the prize below . nizam magnificent ... ( turn to a foreman ) have they search every chamber . when they find a dagger with a clear handle , have it bring directly to I . ext . rooftop - day tamina take dastan 's arm , point to the royal palace stand on the other side of a deep mountain gorge . a narrow stone bridge below be the only way across the chasm . tamina that 's the palace just across that bridge . I know a place -- dastan tackle she to the ground as a spear hurtle through the space where they be just stand . 93 . dastan ( not without pride ) God , we soldier be good ! tamina look , see - — a dozen soldier run toward they across the rooftop . more on they way , throw up ladder as they climb . dastan yank tamina to she foot . with the army on they heel , they improvise a rapid descent via stair , ladder and free-fall to the bridge level . as they climb down the final ladder ( tamina first ) , more soldier run toward they from the bridge . dastan and tamina be trap between the new arrival and the soldier above . dastan reach for the dagger . tamina stop he . tamina no . dastan grit he tooth . all right , he 'il do it the hard way . he push off the wall with the ladder , land in a judo roll that flip the ladder over he -- toss tamina over the head of the soldier in front of they . dastan continue he momentum , pole -vaulting over tamina on the ladder . this master - stroke put all the soldier behind they , leave they a clear path to the bridge . dastan run . ext . stone bridge - day dastan and tamina make a mad dash across the bridge . they be more than halfway there when more soldier appear on the far side , lead by garsiv . dastan come to a skid stop . he look back : they be trap on a long , narrow stone bridge between two army , above a vertigo- induce ravine plunging ten thousand foot below . dastan should have use the dagger . with a communal roar , the soldier charge from both side . dastan swing into action . snatch up a rope coil , he swiftly tie it around a parapet of the bridge wall ... 94 . «and draw he sword as the soldier descend on they . hopelessly outnumber , dastan and tamina leap onto the bridge wall and run back the way they come -- dastan parry sword blow and uncoil rope as he run . tamina you can not possibly -- dastan hold tight . tamina lock she arm around dastan just in time -- he jump ! they plummet on the rope toward the bottomless gorge ! the rope stop they fall ; they start swinging back toward the far side of the bridge -- incredibly , straight for a tiny archer' loophole in the sheer fortress wall opposite . dastan 's aim be brilliant . but not perfect . they slam into the wall below the loophole . it 's just out of they reach . as they start swinging back -- dastan ( cont 'd ) climb higher ! we ’1ll make it on the next swing ! tamina and dastan desperately climb up a few foot on the rope . archer on the bridge above they unleash a volley of arrow , which miss , but do not make they task any easier . they reach the apex of they backsw , begin they return toward the loophole .. dastan reach out to grab it -- only this time , they do not even reach the wall . they have lose too much momentum . wide shot dastan and tamina swing uselessly back and forth , in a smaller arc each time . they be trap at the end of the rope . hanging off a bridge that 's full of soldier . oops . on the bridge 95 . a soldier ( call he the executioner ) mount the parapet where dastan tie the rope . he draw a wick scimitar . check with garsiv , who nod : do it . the executioner raise he sword high -- and chop ! dastan and tamina be shake . one more cut will sever the rope . tamina all right . use the dagger . dastan oh I do not know , I think we can get out of this one . tamina use the dagger ! now !! the executioner raise he scimitar for the coup de grace ... dastan release one hand from the rope , use it to pull tamina toward he and give she a passionate kiss . the sword cut the rope : dastan and tamina plunge into the abyss ... then dastan hit the jewel . rewind ! reversing through the kiss , and all they back - and - forth swing , wider each time , until they land back up on -- ext . stone bridge - day [ second time ] dastan hold tight . exactly as before , tamina lock she arm around dastan as he jump from the parapet . only this time , he adjust he aim , hastily climbing the rope as they swing .. hit the loophole , grab and pull they in ! ext . stone bridge - day garsiv stare down into the gorge , dumbfounded , at the empty rope swinging below the bridge . they have escape he . 96 . int . loophole corridor - day tamina and dastan land together on the floor . tamina that be fantastic ! dastan sit up and stare at she with a goofy grin , still mesmerize from they kiss ... tamina ( cont 'd ) dastan ! do you use the dagger ? dastan what ? no ! of course not ... she examine he face but he do not break . no time for further discussion . she set off down the hall and he hurry after she . int . palace back stair / corridor - day they race up stair , through corridor , etc . Soldiers 's voice echo , seemingly around every corner , but they see nobody . dastan I hope you know where you be go . tamina throw open the small wooden door of a supply closet ... they duck inside . she close the door , plunging they into darkness . we hear they breathe , rapid and shallow .. then the click of a hide latch and another door swing open -- int . secret room - sunset tamina light a lantern revealing a cozy room , rich with curtain and drapery , a tea service and silk cushion . dastan a secret getaway ...? tamina for the king . I be a nosy little girl , always get into place I be not suppose to ... 97 . she part a curtain , revealing a short passageway that dead - end in a door . tamina slide open a peephole and look ... Pov through the peephole : servant fill the royal bath with hot water . tamina step aside to let dastan look . tamina ( cont 'd ) the King 's private bath . they be prepare it for he now . when you brother return , you will have a chance to speak to he alone . she walk back into the secret room . dastan follow . he open the shutter to look out the small window ... on the stone bridge far below he see dozen of soldier run around search for the escape fugitive . dastan turn to see tamina step out from behind a fold screen , have change into a gorgeous silk gown . he stare , stunne . tamina look down . tamina ( cont 'd ) what ? you do not like it ? I have to get out of that rag ... dastan no , no , I like it .. it 's just ... you look beautiful . he take a step closer . her face bath in the warm light be exquisite .. she skin flawless .. he look into she dark eye and .. kiss she full on the mouth . except this time there be no rewind . he catch himself , wait for she to slap he . but instead , tamina respond . she kiss he deeply in return , give into the moment , press against he . they pent - up attraction be release and they embrace become more and more passionate until - - tamina suddenly pull away . tamina stop . this can never be . dastan what ? what can never be ? 98 . tamina us. you and I . dastan why not ? I mean , assume I convince my brother , restore you kingdom and all that stuff ... why not ? ( suddenly defensive ) it 's because I be only a fourth son , be not it ? she shake she head sadly and look toward the window . tamina I do not care about that . it 's because I be the High priestess . I can only marry one who have be baptize in the sacred fountain . dastan be that all ? I tell you I be a very modern thinker ; if it 's that important to you I 'il take a dip -- tamina you can not ! nobody can , ever again . the fountain have be destroy . a beat . tamina look at he wistfully . tamina ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , dastan . it 's not mean to be between we . dastan search for the right word to say when ... a horn blast outside signal the king 's arrival . they both hurry to the window in time to see : tus and a half - dozen guard ride across the bridge . dastan my brother . tamina you would best prepare yourself . you can not fail . 99 . int . royal palace - night tus and he bodyguard stride across the great hall . a young guard step forward and bow . guard my King . nizam send word that he would speak with you . tus I have be riding all day . I x11 see he after I have bath and change . int . royal bath - night steam fill the room . the King 's guard watch the attendant prepare the bath in a century - old Eastern ritual . at the secret entrance dastan watch through the peephole , rehearse nervously under he breath . dastan ' it be not I who kill we father . 's can not start with that . ' my brother , it be I , dastan . I come to you in peace ...’ no time for that ; get to the point ! ' my brother ...’ that 's a good start . dastan 's Pov - the guard escort the attendant out . moment later , tus enter . the guard leave he alone to he bath . dastan ( cont 'd ) ' my brother ... 's ' my noble brother ... 's dastan turn and lock eye with tamina one last time ; she give he a encourage nod .. dastan press on the door ... in the bath the secret door , invisible in the tile wall , open . dastan step through silently and disappear into the steam . tus take off he robe and lower himself into the steaming water . rinse he face and hair and sink down . he close he eye ... suddenly he feel a draft . frown . open he eye ... 100 . dastan ( cont 'd ) my noble brother . tus splashes to he foot , waist-high in the water . tus guard ! dastan no ! tus guard !!! dastan throw he sword aside . hold up he hand -- unarm . dastan you have nothing to fear from I . what nizam tell you be a lie . he kill Father . it be nizam who poison the robe . the guard burst in and seize dastan dastan ( cont 'd ) tus , nizam deceive we all . he make we conquer alamut so he could possess its secret ! and if you try to stop he , he will kill you too ! tus enough ! ! everyone fall silent . dastan cease struggle and wait in suspense for tus 's next word . tamina we be brother . since childhood I have know you as I know myself . I can tell by how artfully you have rehearse you speech that you be lie . ( to the guard ) take he to nizam . angle on tamina - watch through the peephole , dismay . tus turn away as the guard drag dastan off . 101 . dastan no ! tus , listen to I , I be not make this up ! tus !! tus never look back . dastan appeal to the guard : dastan ( cont 'd ) I beg you . one minute . let I speak to he . as you love he , as you love you king -- the captain of the guard punch he in the head . captain shut up , you . now dastan 's mad . with a herculean effort , he yank free , just enough to draw the dagger from he belt -- guard he 's get a knife . -- and hit the jewel . boom !! time stand still . rewind ! int . royal bath - night [ second time ] tus take off he robe , lower himself into the steaming bath . rinse he face and hair , just as he do before . a noise make tus turn . dastan have just barricaded the door with a medieval two - by-four . tus splashes to he foot . this time , the first thing dastan do be throw he sword away . dastan tus , do not call the guard yet . listen to I . tus guard ! ! dastan wince ; continue , improvise ... dastan beneath this citadel be a ancient , mystical force beyond anything you can imagine . it 's the hourglass that contain the Sands of time . sound of the guard beat at the barricade door -- 102 . dastan ( cont 'd ) this dagger hold only a minute 's worth of the sand . he draw the dagger , forget it 's a weapon too - - tus coward ! do you attack I thus , unarm ? dastan no ! hastily turn the dagger around -- this be not go well . dastan ( cont 'd ) nizam be after the hourglass and the dagger . he trick we into falsely invade a kingdom that have do we no wrong . to hide he lie , he murder we father and throw the blame on I . the door give way ; the guard burst in . dastan do not have to wait for tus 's verdict to know he 's blow it . dastan ( cont 'd ) ( angry with himself ) damn it ! he jump back , use the dagger to hold the guard at bay . dastan ( cont 'd ) stand back ! I warn you ! the guard hesitate , perplex . in a second they will realize there 's no real threat and rush he . dastan ( cont 'd ) I need a minute . just give I a minute to think . he look at the dagger in he hand -- nearly empty . just enough sand for one last rewind . suddenly , desperately , he look at tus . he know what to do . dastan ( cont 'd ) tus , this be no ordinary dagger . touch this jewel on its handle and you will learn alamut 's great secret . 103 . tus ( to the guard ) enough ! take he to nizam . as the guard move forward , dastan swiftly bring the dagger 's blade to he own throat . again , they hesitate . dastan ( to tus ) if you will not believe I , then we kingdom be forfeit . we honor be forfeit . and I be better off dead . dastan plunge the dagger into he own heart . under the astonished stare of the guard , he crumple to he knee . blood appear on he lip . he fall dead . on tamina - who stifles a cry . tus shake off the guard who 's just help he put on he robe . he advance toward he brother 's body . captain my lord , if it 's a trick ... tus turn dastan over . he 's dead , the hilt of the dagger protrude from he chest . tus pull it out . the blade be wet with blood . tus examine the dagger . the unearthly , glow white sand inside its handle . for a moment we think he 's go to do something with it -- but he just lay the dagger back down on the floor . captain ( cont 'd ) ( to one of he man ) get nizam . on tamina - who pull away from the peephole , tear stream down she face . she can not look . the Captain try to escort tus out of the bath , but tus linger , troubled . tus he take he own life . captain a coward 's way out . tus my brother be no coward . 104 . he bend and pick up the dagger again . press the jewel ... time stop ! the last sand fall from the dagger ; a draft blow they away through the steam freeze in midair ... rewind ! int . royal bath - night [ third time ] the guard close in on dastan , just as they do before . tus whirl , bewilder by deja vu : what 's happen here ? as he do before , dastan dramatically hold the dagger to he own throat -- unaware that the final rewind have already happen and that the dagger be empty . dastan if you will not believe I , then we kingdom be forfeit . we honor be forfeit . and I be better off dead . tus lunge at dastan , grab he arm just in time to prevent he from stabbing himself . the guard pull they apart . tus let he go !! cowed by the royal command in he voice , the guard obey . dastan thanks brother . tus ( wonderment ) you be dead . I see the blood . dastan blood ? what blood ? perplex , he look down at the dagger in he hand . he nearly faint on see that it 's empty . tus , overcome by emotion , clasp dastan in a warm embrace . tus my brother . on the day we leave for war , we father tell I : ' a king should listen always to the voice of reason -- but also listen to you heart . 's my heart know you could not have do what they accuse you of . I should have listen . 105 . dastan nod , still a bit shaky . tus ( cont 'd ) ( to the captain ) send for a detachment of soldier from my most trust regiment . the Captain nod and exit . tus turn back to dastan . tus ( cont 'd ) come . we must find nizam . dastan one more thing , brother . there be somebody I want you to meet ... dastan turn toward the secret door as ... tamina emerge like a vision from the steam . tus look at he young brother , impressed : where have you get she ? dastan ( cont 'd ) it 's a long story . ext . stone bridge - night Thunder rumble in a ominous sky . tus , dastan and tamina stride across the bridge accompany by royal guard with torch . nizam appear at the end of the bridge with he own detachment of elite guard lead by garsiv . tus keep you sword sheathed . as the two group come together , nizam speak first . nizam o King ! tus Grand vizier nizam , you have commit treason and murder and have conspire against the house of shahraman . ( to garsiv ) Captain of the Guards , I order you to arrest this traitor . 106 . garsiv step forward and look nizam in the eye .. then he turn and nod to the guard surround tus ... tus 's own guard grab he , dastan and tamina , bind they hand behind they back and force they to they knee ! tus ( cont 'd ) who dare lay a hand on tus , son of shahraman , you King ! nizam o King , o Prince , I be the shadow of the reflection of you greatness . you humble servant ... as nizam bow mockingly , garsiv pluck dastan 's sword from he and raise it high ... dastan noll ! garsiv bring the sword slashing down . we do not see the impact , only the man 's reaction . tus lie dead on the stone bridge , a spread pool of blood beneath he in the light rain . garsiv throw the sword down . it clatter next to dastan . garsiv you sword ... a clatter of hoove signal the arrival of the detachment of trust soldier with the captain send to fetch they . nizam Ho ! help ! murder !! dastan open he mouth to protest but the guard silence he with a rain of kick and blow . as the soldier arrive on the scene , nizam step forward in apparent anguish . nizam ( cont 'd ) God help we ! we arrive too late . we King be dead -- slain by dastan , who kill he father . dastan try to speak but the guard redouble they blow . tamina he 's lie ! dastan be innocent ! 107 . garsiv this be the daughter of we enemy ! he would have conspire with she to lead the people of this city against we ! a angry murmur rise from among the detachment of soldier , eager for revenge on they king 's murderer . nizam ( step in ) I shall take charge of question dastan and he accomplice . I will find out the full extent of this conspiracy . nizam 's guard hustle tamina and dastan along the bridge , drown they protest ... leave the Captain and the soldier stare mournfully down at tus 's body in the rain . int . dungeon - night tamina and dastan be shove into a cell and chain to the wall . the guard exit . nizam step forward and lift the dagger from dastan 's belt . his eye glint with greed as he caress it .. nizam thank you dastan . I have be look for this . tamina 's eye widen in horror . tamina no ! dastan ( bloody and beat ) I be sorry tamina ... nizam you should be . you stand before the hourglass with the dagger in you hand -- the one blade capable of penetrate the glass nothing in heaven or earth can break . and the limit of you ambition be to turn back time sixty second ? a trick for a street magician . I will turn back time sixty year . 108 . tamina you can not ! it 's forbidden ! nizam ignore she ; continue speak to dastan . nizam sixty year since the divine right of kingship be grant to the house of shahraman . I be a child then , as you father be ; I have the understanding of a child . have I know what I know now , I could have act . a accident at play . Children be fragile ; they die so easily . tamina no ! nizam on such small thing empire turn . and so in my fifteenth year , when al - ma ’mun defeat al - Amin , and babak 's head roll in the sand at samarra , I -- not shahraman - - shall be seat on the throne of nasaf . and what a king I shall be ! tamina nizam , it be not for mortal to spill the Sands of time for personal glory ! you could unleash a storm that would wipe mankind off the face of the earth !! nizam superstition , girl . a scary tale tell to prevent lesser man from reach for greatness . dastan greatness can not be steal ; it must be earn . you shall never achieve it , nizam . nizam on the contrary I shall be the wisest and great of ruler . I will lay in store of grain before the famine , I will build high wall when there be yet no enemy in sight . ( more ) 109 . nizam ( cont 'd ) under my reign persia shall rise again to be a great empire .. and I will be shah - a - shah , King of king , God among man . it 's unfortunate that you will not be bear to reap this golden age . soon , you will never even have exist . ( as a afterthought ) but first you will be execute . as nizam leave he summon the guard . nizam ( cont 'd ) unchain the girl . I promise garsiv he could have she to enjoy . tamina be freed and drag away , struggle . as nizam leave with she , dastan rage . dastan nizam ! nizam ! nizam !! he duck under one of the chain , turn himself around so he 's face the wall with he arm cross . he repeat the maneuver , each time give the chain another twist , until he 's close enough to brace he foot against the wall . then pull until he 's scream in agony . int . dungeon - later dastan be barely conscious . his chain have not budge . the distant noise of a door close half - rouse he . dastan 's lip be parched , he eye glassy and delirious ... dastan tamina .. tamina ... nizam 's guard enter and unchain he from the wall . dastan be limp and unresist , unaware of what 's happen . int . dungeon corridor - night prisoner stare through the bar as the guard drag dastan to he execution . the cell be pack with men of alamut , sullen and fierce . farood , slump disconsolately in a cell with the other nomad be appal to recognize dastan . 110 . farood Ali ?! they get you too ? ( grieve ) Ali , I be sorry . we should never have come to this city ! as dastan pass , farood grip the bar , shout -- farood ( cont 'd ) tell you layla that farood be sorry ! dastan spring into action , revealing that he 's be play possum . use he chain as weapon , he attack the guard . more guard pour in , shouting for back up . dastan be a one - man army , fight six at once in the narrow corridor . unable to rid himself of he chain , he loop they over a ceiling hook and become a circus acrobat , spin and kicking off the wall to clobber one guard after another . the prisoner rush to the bar , they shout add to the fearsome din . the little gypsy Boy stare with open-mouthed hero worship . farood ( cont 'd ) Ali , you amaze I ! one unlucky guard , flung against the bar , be grab by farood 's daughter , who tie he in place with he own turban . dastan get he key ! nomad hand reach through the bar , frisk the guard . farood nothing ! dastan clobber another guard , send he farood 's way . the nomad woman frisk the guard -- no luck . more soldier arrive , make thing hotter for dastan every moment . farood ( cont 'd ) try the fat one there ! int . tent - night garsiv enter and gaze at tamina seat on low cushion , she wrist bound . without take he eye off of she , he speak to the guard : 111 . garsiv untie she . and leave we . int . dungeon corridor - night dastan fight desperately , outnumber . farood come up triumphantly hold keys . farood I get it ! dastan so open something !! farood methodically try one key after the next to open the nomad 's cell , while dastan battle to stay alive . farood tell I Ali , what be you crime ? dastan do not have time to breathe , much less answer , as he dodge a kill blow from another guard . farood ( cont 'd ) ah you hand be full . you will never believe how I come to be in this awful place . dastan 's in trouble , three guard strangling he with he own chain ... farood ( cont 'd ) I be arrest for sell a overpriced chicken at the market ! ridiculous ! how can a chicken be overpriced ? it be worth exactly what a man be willing to pay -- ah here it be . farood unlock the cell . the nomad swarm out and overwhelm the guard , rescue dastan in the nick of time . farood 's daughter finish they off with savage gusto . farood ( cont 'd ) you see ? I tell you they be strong ! dastan , farood and the nomad hurry down the corridor , past cell pack with man of alamut who rattle the bar and shout in foreign at the escape prisoner . 112 . dastan pause on the threshold of freedom . look back . farood ( cont 'd ) Ali - - come ! dastan no . this man be prisoner because of I . I ama king 's son . farood ( nod understandingly ) a blow on the head can cause such delusion . Fresh air and freedom be the cure . he pull at dastan 's arm but dastan shake he off . to farood 's horror , dastan take the key and unlock the first cell ... with a roar , the prisoner charge out . dastan climb onto a barrel and shout over the commotion . dastan Men of alamut , hear I ! it be dastan , prince of nasaf , who call to you ! farood wince -- this delusion be worse than he think . the man of alamut react with angry mutter that swell dangerously . dastan ( cont 'd ) well may you hate I -- as a foreigner , as a invader . be I in you place , my blood would cry out for vengeance for you conquer land . farood be startle as it dawns on he . dastan be a prince ! his expression transform to one of respect and awe . dastan ( cont 'd ) yet my land too be conquer -- from within , by a vile usurper . help I defeat he , and I will give you back you kingdom . I swear it in the name of my father , shahraman ! dastan pause for effect . farood whisper in he ear : 113. farood Ali , they do not understand you language . dismay , dastan survey he audience , realize it 's true . at that moment several of the alamut man succeed in smash open the armory . Spears and weapon be pass out . dastan and farood be in the center of a hostile , well - armed mob ... just then , a battalion of nasaf soldier charge in , diverting the prisoner 's attention . dastan ( with hand gesture ) fight they ! no , they ! a full scale battle erupt . farood Ali ! well say . now let 's get out of here . dastan do not argue this time . take advantage of the confusion , they slip out of the melee . ext . embankment - night dastan , farood and the nomad emerge through a narrow doorway onto the citadel embankment , above the river . farood breathes in the free air -- dastan push he down just in time to dodge a hail of arrow . nasaf soldier on horseback ride to intercept they . dastan and the nomad bandit throw themselves into a pitch battle . the giant bandit fight three soldier at once ; he pluck one from the saddle and hurl he to a icy fate in the river below . dastan get hold of the horse and swing into the saddle . dastan farood . hold they as long as you can . farood ( offended ) now that you be a king 's son , you be leave we ? 114 . dastan farood ! I need to save she ! farood you layla ?! why do not you say so ? dastan smile and prepare to depart . but suddenly he spot : a new wave of nasaf soldier gallop toward they , practically lick they chop . the nomad will be desperately outnumber ... dastan hesitates . then he see the expression of the nasaf Soldiers change from glee to fear as ... the just - liberated alamut man surge from the prison with a terrifying roar ! now it 's the turn of farood 's clan to grin as the tide suddenly turn ... farood ( cont 'd ) go! and remember Ali -- you sword belong to I ! dastan smile and gallop off . ext . courtyard - night Guards open the door to a iron cage suspend with rope and pulley over the pit . nizam step inside and they begin to lower he toward the hourglass ... on a cry of pain we CUT to : ext . courtyard , garsiv 's tent garsiv come reeling out , clutching he cheek where tamina have claw deep scratch into he face . a moment later , a pair of guard drag she from the tent , arm pin behind she . garsiv she be a demon ! I x11 throw she into the pit myself ! dastan ( v.o. ) garsiv ! he turn as dastan ride up and leap from he horse . 115 . dastan ( cont 'd ) you always say you have beat I if it be a real fight instead of a contest ; now 's you chance . two more guard arrive and fit arrow to they bow , ready to shoot dastan . garsiv hold up a hand . garsiv no . I want to kill he myself . ( to dastan ) I have wait a long time for this moment , dastan . and I be go to let you slave - girl live just long enough to watch you die ... he draw he sword . dastan she 's not a slave - girl. ( draw he sword ) she 's a princess . and he charge . the two fighter fall upon one another in a fury of steel - on-steel . it 's a perfect match of skill , determination and mutual hatred . back and forth they battle , trading blow and parry . dastan be quick but garsiv be the stronger . with every blow , dastan lose a little edge . garsiv gradually begin to force dastan backwards , toward the edge of the pit ... tamina struggle against the two Guards hold she tight . garsiv give dastan a vicious kick to the stomach that send he to the ground . garsiv smile , move in for the kill . garsiv this be not a tournament dastan . you fancy trick will not save you now . dastan scramble to he foot in time to block the attack but he 's on he heel , he back to the edge of the massive pit . with a powerful blow , garsiv knock dastan 's sword from he hand . dastan be helpless , on the brink of the precipice . garsiv take one last big , two -hande swing at dastan , aim to cut he in half . dastan do a impossible back bend over the pit , like a limbo dancer , hang by he toe ... 116 . swoosh ! garsiv 's sword slice air inch above dastan 's nose ! his momentum carry garsiv around like a baseball slugger miss a strike ... dastan spin low on one pivot foot , extend the opposite leg ... hit garsiv at the back of the knee -- toppling he over the cliff edge face forward ! tamina 's guard step forward with a gasp , as if they could catch garsiv .. mistake . tamina pluck a sword from a Guard 's belt . in a flash , she strike they down . the other two Guards turn to face she , warily . dastan scramble to he foot and start to come to she aid -- tamina never mind I . nizam be head for the hourglass ! all will be lose if you do not stop he ! tamina raise she sword , prepare to fight the two guard . dastan hesitates . tamina ( cont 'd ) a [ o} int . hourglass chamber - night with a cranking of wheel , the cage come to a halt in front of the hourglass . crumble rockslide and run water create a non-stop shower of debris fall around the chamber and into the abyss . nizam pay no attention , stare in wonder at the bright sand , inch from he face . he feel the solid glass ... nizam ( close he eye ) this be my destiny ... he raise the dagger to strike the hourglass ... suddenly with a great rattling noise the cage shoot upwards . nizam turn -- dastan no , this be you destiny ! -- and dastan clobber he with both foot , a human counterweight descend on the other end of the rope . 117 . nizam be send sprawling ... the dagger land on the rock , out of both of they reach . nizam get to he foot , scowling . he draw both he sword . dastan draw he one . they square off to duel . nizam 's two sword technique be unlike any fight style we have see . he wield the sword with such skill and dexterity that dastan struggle to defend himself . nizam soon you shall be nothing more than a dream that no one will remember ! nizam press the pace , attack from both side . dastan make a last desperate counter - attack and suddenly -- knock one of nizam 's sword from he hand ! a beat . New ball game . nizam swing with he remain sword -- dastan block the blow confidently . with lock blade , dastan press for the advantage , he youth and strength come into play ... a look of fear cross nizam 's face . dastan grin . dastan not so confident with only one blade ? but then .. dastan cough . blood trickle from he mouth . he look down : nizam have draw a hide short sword with he other hand and plunge it into dastan 's side , mortally wound he . he trick dastan . nizam I always keep a spare . leave dastan to bleed to death , nizam retrieve the dagger . again he approach the hourglass . and again , as he be poise to strike , the cage fly down and tamina leap out to stop he . tamina don 't !! but this time nizam be ready . he sidestep she attack , disarm she and grab she by the throat . he lift she bodily and hold she over the abyss ... 118 . nizam ( look at she ) a very pretty face , indeed . perhaps when you be bear thirty year from now I will do you the honor of make you one of my wife ... dastan lift he head and see nizam dangle tamina . nizam ( cont 'd ) «but right now you be a nuisance . and with that he release she ! dastan noll ! dastan hear she scream echo into the distance as she fall . with every last bit of he strength , he pull himself up .. nizam climb the step to the hourglass . he take out the dagger and raise it high ... he strike ! just then ... dastan lunge into frame , grab he hand to stop he . too late . nizam plunge the dagger into the glass blade- first ! time stop ! falling rock and water freeze in midair , dastan and nizam grapple like two statue , face contort -- in the silence resound a booming noise , like ice crack . the crack spread across the surface of the hourglass from the point where the dagger penetrate it . and -- sand start to pour from the crack . time run backward ! rock and water fly back upward , tamina be return and ascend again -- the rewind accelerate as the crack in the hourglass widen , the glow white sand pour out at a ever- faster rate -- dastan and nizam be untouched in the eye of the storm , in the blind light of the hourglass . both of they hand be on the dagger . the rewind 119 . become a blur through which we catch quick glimpsis of action : dastan fight garsiv , tus 's murder on the bridge , tamina and dastan 's kiss ... all the while , sand keep pour from the hourglass -- now in a torrent , sweep by the gather wind into a blind sandstorm that threaten to grow out of control and become apocalyptic ... dastan , as if stunne by a concussion , shake himself awake to realize he 's there with nizam , in the bright roaring center of the sandstorm . nizam , in ecstasy , hold the dagger in place -- sand pour out of what be no longer the hourglass , but a crack in the very surface of the universe . the wind sweep up the sand as it pour out , add to the storm . savagely , nizam pries dastan 's hand from the dagger . dastan hang on , too weak to fight back . the wind rip at he ; if he let go , he will be suck into oblivion . nizam give dastan a sharp elbow . dastan lose he grip and be nearly sweep off by the wind -- but he keep a hold . dastan look down , see blood soaking he tunic . his life be ebbing away ; he can not hang on much longer . then , out of the maelstrom of event rewinding all around they , a implosion of light in the dawn sky attract dastan 's attention . hazily look up , he see a flame arrow arcing backward through the sky : the open battle . dastan summon the last of he strength and will . bear down on nizam 's arm , he pull out the dagger . in that instant , the crack in the hourglass repair itself . before nizam can recover , the sandstorm sweep both he and dastan into the void ... for a few moment , sand be all we see and hear . then , little by little , the sandstorm start to clear ... dastan look around . at first he can not tell where he be . the sand be everywhere . in he tooth , in he hair . he search himself for the dagger . he do not have it . gradually he start to make out other figure nearby . Persian soldier , shouting in the wind . horse whinny .. with a shock of dread , dastan realize - - — 120 . ext . below the citadel - sunrise he 's too late . we be relive the open battle . the Persian army be already charge toward alamut -- repeat the mistake with the inexorability of a nightmare . dastan no ! nol ! ext . rampart - sunrise lashed by sand and wind , the alamut sentry grab a stick and beat the go in warning as he do the first time . int . tamina 's bedroom - sunrise the go awaken tamina . Sand be blow into the room . ext . below the citadel - sunrise tus raise he sword and let out a war cry , exactly repeat he action of the open sequence . from the rank rise a blood-curdling noise as thousand of voice join he . only one thing have change : dastan . outwardly he 's the same , but he face show a new maturity and resolve . he know what he must do . dastan look to the rampart and see the flame arrow launch into the air . dastan no . he ride toward tus , shouting -- dastan ( cont 'd ) tus ! call off the attack ! the arrow explode into a shower of brilliant firework , illuminate the scene like a lightning flash . nizam , on horseback , suddenly block dastan 's way . he strike , nearly knock dastan off he horse . dastan try to ride past but nizam maneuver to block he : only this two man know what 's at stake . 121. they clash on horseback -- dastan parry nizam 's double - blade attack . the duel begin ... while around they the alamut archer begin to pick off Persian soldier , create chaos as before . tus , in the vanguard , look around and see -- dastan and nizam dueling . his face contort with anger . tus dastan . he do not know why he hot-head young brother be fight with nizam , but he know dastan 's immaturity be jeopardize the battle . enrage , tus ride back ... nizam and dastan , fight furiously . as before , dastan 's on the defensive . a grow circle of onlooker gather , uncertain whether to intervene . nizam ( to the man ) traitor ! the King 's son would betray we to we enemy ! dastan he 's lie ! the battlefield around they be chaos -- soldier fell by arrow , catapult erupting in flame . nizam 's personal guard ride toward the dueling pair . a handful of common footsoldier block they way with spear . brutish soldier oh no . this stay a fair fight . in a bold and desperate move , dastan stand up on he saddle and launch himself at nizam , knock he off he horse . they roll together on the ground . nizam land on he back , dastan straddle he , sword raise -- tus arrive on horseback , force he way through the circle . tus hold ! hold !! dastan freeze , inch from kill nizam . he can not disobey he brother . 122. nizam 's right hand creep along the ground , toward he sword that land inch away ... dastan tus , call off the attack ! it 's a trick . nizam lie to we . nizam we can win . dastan be a traitor . tus dastan , put down you sword . dastan no . tus can not believe dastan 's insubordination . tus what do you say ? dastan we have no reason to attack alamut . we victory will bring we disaster . menacingly , tus draw he own sword . tus we be at war -- and I command . put down you sword . the threat be clear . still dastan hesitates . nizam see he chance . his right hand close on he sword hilt ; he swing upward at dastan 's neck -- dastan see the sword come , block it -- as nizam expect : he pull out the hide short sword with he other hand and strike toward dastan 's expose torso -- but this time dastan know it 's come : with blind speed dastan turn , block the second blow , and drive he sword like a stake into nizam 's heart . the man watch be stunne . nizam can not believe it either . he cough . and then he 's dead . dastan hurl he sword away from he ; it stick quivering in the freeze ground . he stand to face tus. 123. dastan kill I if you must . but call off the attack -- for alamut be blameless . dastan advance , make it easier for tus to kill he . dastan ( cont 'd ) tus , do you remember Father 's word to you on a the day we leave for war ? ' a king must listen always to the voice of reason . 's tus ( mystify ) how could ...? dastan n.. but also listen to you heart . 's tus stare at he . dastan meet he gaze , calmly resolute . this be not the young brother he know . it 's as if dastan 's mature overnight . tus turn and shout -- tus halt ! retreat ! his order echo through the rank , repeat by the commander at every level . ext . battlement - sunrise a alamut priest take the dagger from a ornate box and be about to entrust it to the fearsome armored warrior when -- alamut soldier come run bear news , shouting . the Priest look out over a parapet . below , the great wave of man move toward the castle have stop . the Persian army be turn around . the Priest look at the dagger in he hand ... utter a silent prayer of thanks , and replace it in its box . 124. ext . rampart - sunrise tamina , in she nightgown , watch through a loophole as the army vanish into the mist . on she young face be a vague sense of the danger she 's just escape . ext . alamut courtyard - [ later that ] day a Persian delegation , tus , the twin , dastan and forty soldier , march past alamut soldier stand at attention . the King of alamut and he court await they on a dais . tus ( bow formally ) from my father , King shahraman . a attendant step forward bear a chest ; a interpreter repeat tus 's word in foreign . the King respond in kind ... as the formality drag on , dastan slip away from he brother . as he edge over towards the temple , he try to catch the eye of ... tamina , resplendent in full regalia , stand amongst a group of alamut noblewomen . she notice the young Prince look at she .. he smile ! she blushes and turn away , giggle with one of she lady -in - waiting . but she glance back anyway ... on the dais , tus and the King of alamut embrace in ritual friendship . a murmur run through the crowd . the twin lean together for a private aside . farhad I hope he do not make we marry he daughter . farhan make you marry she . farhad no , you . the sound of a splash and a follow commotion turn they head . the twin be greatly amused to see that : dastan have somehow fall into the sacred fountain . he 's be help out by a irritate alamut Priest . 125 . tus shake he head in embarrassment : he young brother , at it again . the King wave it off indulgently . dastan emerge , drip wet , with a big grin on he face . he look right at -- tamina , unable to suppress a smile of amusement and curiosity . dastan get a glimmer in he eye . he wink at she , as if the two of they share a secret ... fade out .