prisoner by Aaron guzikowski alcon Film Fund , LLC 10390 Santa monica Blvd . suite 250 Los Angeles , CA 90025 310-789-3050 8:38 production 10390 Santa monica Blvd . suite 200 Los Angeles , CA 90025 madhouse entertainment Adam kolbrenner 10390 Santa monica Blvd . suite 110 Los Angeles , CA 90025 310-587-2200 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 1 ext . field - dawn / thanksgive a deer hop through waist-high grass , not far from .. keller dover , camouflage , hunt rifle in hand . a serious man , impose , still build like a prize fighter at 37 . he do not move a muscle ; let he son take the shot ... ralph dover , 15 , aim he rifle , a little shaky , still learn . he squeeze the trigger -- pop pop -- the deer stumble towards we , shot in the neck . it back up and collapse . the high grass hide its final moment in a canopy of sway tendril . ext . highway - later still early morning . a pick - up truck barrel down the highway . on the tailgate , in paint letter it say : keller dover remodeling & repair . from above we see the shot deer lie in the pick - up 's flatbe . int . keller 's truck - traveling keller drive . Ralph sit in the passenger seat . the everyday Testament be play while keller talk over it . keller most important thing you grandpa ever teach I . be ready . Hurricane , flood , whatever it end up be . no more food get deliver to the grocery store , gas station dry up . people turn on one another and all of a sudden all that stand between you and be dead be you . he look at Ralph . Ralph nod , idolize he father even if he barely understand he . keller nod back , not finish , not satisfied , but do talk . he turn the everyday Testament up -- ( continued ) prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 2 continued : everyday testament and he hear I ; out of the belly of hell cry I , and thou heardest my voice . for thou hadst cast I into the deep -- ext . fairmount circle - day / thanksgive day a old yellowed rv as it weave through conyer , pennsylvania : a blue collar town whose best day be half a century behind it . the rv turn onto fairmount Circle , creep past modest house with slush cover lawn , past keller dover 's house , he pick - up truck park in the driveway . the rv disappear around the bend as ... the dover ' front door open and keller 's daughter , anna , 6 , walk out into the cold , follow by he wife , grace , a fragile look beauty with a whisper thin voice : grace wait , Anna . anna be we take the truck ? Ralph come out , cradling a couple hunk of venison bleed through butcher 's paper . ralph we be go up the street you dope . keller come out . Anna run up to he , motion for he to pick she up -- anna give I a ride . keller give she a smile , squat down , let she jump on he back -- keller up you go -- keller hoist Anna up on he shoulder , Grace watch on , smile . Anna riding on he shoulder , keller lead he family down the street to the birch ' house . ( continued ) 4a prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 3 continued : 4 ralph ( to keller ) Danny 's dad say he would sell I they old car . I get half of what I need save from the summer -- think maybe -- keller forget it . I be barely get enough carpentry work to keep up with the mortgage . ralph why do not you rent out grandpa 's old apartment house ? keller look at Grace who 's grin smugly . keller ( to Ralph ) like I keep tell you mother , it 's a old building . costa fortune to fix it up . the birch ' house - moment later 4a keller bend down so Anna can ring the doorbell . he put she down , the family wait on the doorstep like mute caroler . the door open and they be welcome by they neighbor and long time friend the birch : franklin , 36 , a bespectacle music teacher who already have a drink in he hand . his wife nancy , 32 -- tough , happy , no nonsense . nancy happy Thanksgiving . keller , you bring that poor deer you shot ? keller no ma‘am , this one 's Ralph 's . Ralph shyly accept credit with a awkward smile . keller slap he on the back , proud as can be . behind Franklin and Nancy stand they two girl : eliza , 15 , and hide behind she be joy , 7 , shy , wear glass . Anna bolt inside , run into the house with Joy . keller ( cont 'd ) Anna , we wait until we be invite . ( continued ) 4a prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 4 continued : 4a Grace roll she eye . nancy oh , for God 's sake , keller , get the hell in here . int . kitchen - the birch ' house - later 5 Nancy peek at the venison , then wrap it back up while Grace chop a onion -- nancy you be in charge of this . we veterinarian make lousy butcher . grace no problem . keller and Franklin work to insert the leaf in the dining table -- it 's not fitting . keller use he utility knife to shoehorn it . Anna come run in , go to straight to keller -- anna can I go outside with Joy ? keller convince you brother to go with you and you can . Anna race from the kitchen as Grace yell after she : grace wear you hat , you be still get over that cold . ext . fairmount circle - day 6 Joy and Anna take off run , racing each other . Ralph and eliza take they time follow they . eliza you feel bad for that deer when you shot it ? ralph you feel bad for cow when you go to McDonald 's ? ( off she confuse look ) that 's what my dad say . ( more ) ( continued ) prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 5 continued : ralph ( cont 'd ) and the deer , they have too many baby and the baby starve anyway . you gotta keep the population down . eliza you dad say that too ? ralph ( a little embarrassed ) yeah . but I agree with he . eliza what do you say ? he do not look quite sure . she smile , amused , obviously smitten . he look up ahead -- ralph ( yell to the girl ) hey , get away from that thing ! that old rv be park up ahead on the side of the road , the girl be racing each other to it . Joy leave Anna in the dust -- slap the rv 's bumper victoriously . Ralph and eliza pick up the pace and catch up to they . the rv be park in front of a house with a for sale sign . ralph ( cont 'd ) come on , let 's go . eliza walk along the rv peer up at opaque window smear with filth . eliza Gross . Anna start to climb a little ladder on the back of the rv , when Ralph pull she off -- ralph let 's go -- eliza grab Joy 's hand and shoosh Ralph . eliza do you hear that ? they all stop and listen . a radio just come on inside the rv : some 1970 Christian folk song . ( continued ) prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 6 continued : ( 2 ) eliza ( cont 'd ) somebody 's in there . Anna chuck a piece of ice and it smashes loud on the side of the rv . Ralph grab she hand . ralph cut the shit , I do not feel like get yell at . let 's go . eliza take Joy 's hand and the four of they continue on around the block ... the rear windshield of the rv . a shadow appear behind the filthy glass , watch they go ... int . dine room - the birch ' house - later the post-dinner table . dirty dish pile , half empty wine glass . the sound of laughter from the next room ... int . live room - the birch ' house - continuous keller and Grace sit beside one another . Grace be drink wine . keller drink milk . Nancy shake she head as Franklin enter with he trumpet , obviously drunk . franklin I be take request . Anna and Joy run in behind he . anna Mom , can I take Joy to we house ? grace why ? anna my red whistle . she 's go to help I look for it . Grace shake she head . grace sweetie , I think that whistle be long go . Anna just stare back , wait for another answer until : ( continued ) prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 7 continued : grace ( cont 'd ) Fine , but get Ralph and eliza to go with you please . nancy what whistle ? anna the emergency whistle daddy give I . I lose it ... ( think ) hundre and thirty - three day ago . grace she 's just like she father . franklin ( to Anna and Joy ) if you want to find a whistle , you have to whistle for it . Franklin whistle a little something . keller roll he eye . Anna and Joy fire back with a tuneless sampling of jingle bell . everybody laugh . the girl take a bow , and exit . franklin ( cont 'd ) ok , keller , what do you want to hear ? grace ( giggle , a little drunk ) he use to love springsteen in high school . franklin get too much respect for the boss -— - can not cover he drunk . keller thank you . grace oh , he like the Star spangle Banner . Franklin start to play the Banner . Nancy throw a couch pillow at he , laugh . keller ( smile , get up ) think I need a refill . 10 11 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 8 int . kitchen - the birch ' house - continuous 9 Grace enter , Franklin 's Banner blaring through the house . keller pour himself a fresh glass of milk , he back to she . keller think you hit the limit with the wine , hon . she sneak up and wrap she arm around he -- grace uh huh . have fun ? he turn around , immediately take by she tipsy ador eye . keller when I get you home I will be . grace ( coyly ) we will see about that . she kiss he passionately as Franklin 's Banner reach its soar climax . ext . the birch ' house - dusk 10 the sun set behind the birch house . int . basement / tv room - the birch ' house - dusk 11 Ralph and eliza sit watch tv . they look lobotomize with boredom . keller walk in . keller where be you sister ? they both shrug they shoulder . Grace come in behind keller , flushed from too much wine . grace ( to keller ) I can not find they . keller ( to Ralph and eliza ) do you take they to look for the whistle ? Ralph and eliza just stare blankly . ( continued ) 11 12 13 14 15 16 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 continued : ralph dad , what be you talk about ? grace they do not come to get you earlier -- they be suppose to come and get you . eliza we have not see they since we eat . keller put he hand on Grace 's shoulder , steadying she . keller do not worry , they be probably at we house . ext . fairmount circle - dusk keller jog down the street without he coat on . int . kitchen - the dover ' house - continuous keller move fast through the kitchen ... keller Girls ? int . stair - the dover ' house - continuous keller double time it up the stair ... keller Anna ? Girls ? int . hallway - the dover ' house - continuous keller run in and out of the bedroom one by one . they be not here . int . basement - the dover ' house - continuous the light click on , keller rush down the stair and look around . food and water to last a lifetime . Chemical toilet . med for radiation sickness . gun . no girl . 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 10 int . live room - the birch ' house - moment later 17 Grace , Nancy and Ralph wait anxiously in the live room . keller rush in , out of breath . keller be they here ? grace oh God . franklin I do not believe this . eliza enter from another room . eliza I look all over the house , they be not here . ralph the rv , dad there be this rv and they be play on it . there be someone inside I think -- keller where ? ext . fairmount circle - continuous 18 keller , Ralph and Franklin burst out the door . keller ( to Franklin ) go that way , we will meet you on the other side . we follow keller and Ralph as they sprint down the middle of the street . they slow , see roger , 40s , stand on he stoop puffing on a cigar -- keller ( cont 'd ) Roger , have you see my daughter walk by here ? Roger shake he head . then watch on , confuse , as Ralph and keller take off again , haul ass down the street ... Ralph make a hard stop , point at some big track in the slush where the rv be park . ralph here . it be here . ( continued ) 18 19 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 11 continued : 18 keller look up at the empty house with the for sale sign on its lawn . he make a beeline for the front door . keller be you guy mess around in this house ? ralph no . keller try the front door . it 's lock . Franklin come run from the other direction , out of breath , shaking he head . keller pull out he cell phone , dial ... keller ( to Ralph ) tell I everything you can remember about that rv ... int . saikei garden - later 19 detective loki , 33 , sit at a darken table , finish up he duck . he 's the only customer . Hair cropped , suit press ; look more like a cadet than a detective . the waitress walk over with the check , chinese , 25 , gorgeous , all smile . waitress happy Thanksgiving , detective . loki get up , pay the check in cash , get he coat on -- loki no fortune cookie ? waitress my boss tell I cop do not like fortune cookie . loki ponder this , amused . she 's smile at he . his phone ring -- int . loki 's sedan - parked / saikei garden - night loki start he car , watch the fog disappear from he windshield while listen to cross chatter on the police radio . he peer out at the restaurant , can see the waitress busy inside . ( continued ) 20 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 11a continued : dispatch ( v.o. ) .-- caller report a rv match the description -- vehicle be park at a rest stop off of Route forty -six , northbound , past exit seventeen -- any available unit ? loki consider , still watch the waitress -- he pick up he radio -- loki this be 1340 , I be five minute away -- head over -- loki throw the car in gear , pull out -- cop 1 ( v.0 . ) this be 1212 , respond . cop 2 ( v.0 . ) 1080 -- respond . loki no light , no siren . wait for I . omitted 20 ( continued ) 20 21 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 12 continued : 20 ext . gas station - night 21 the gas station lot appear to be empty but for the park rv face the adjacent wood . but as the angle widen we see another vehicle , park across the way , cloak in darkness ... a cop car , with two uniform cop sit impatiently inside , late twenty : carter and wedge . loki drive up beside they and everybody get out -- loki draw he sidearm , follow behind Carter and wedge as they approach the rv -- Carter and wedge be maybe ten foot from the rv 's side door when its engine roar to life . it start backing up , positioning for the on-ramp . Carter and wedge look to loki -- what now ? then , go the wrong way on the on-ramp , another cop car block the rvas escape , force it to change course , angle right for the adjacent wood now , accelerate until ... the rv smashes through the tree , burrow into the wood for a few yard until it grind to a halt -- loki run up behind the rv , wedge and Carter right behind he , trudging over the newly flatten forest , black smoke everywhere -— ( continued ) 21 22 23 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 13 continued : 21 lose in the smoke , loki move up alongside the rv . he peer through the portal glass on the side door : a giant branch have punch through the windshield , reach all the way to the back of the rv . nobody 's there . he try the door , it 's lock -- int . rv - continuous 22 the side door , as it 's smashed in . loki move inside , gun at the ready -- coughing -- he craze eye scan the rv 's dark interior ... he see something , aim he gun down at ... a dishevel man cower under the little kitchen table , he head bleed from the crash , 34 , thick glass , big bushy beard . this be alex jone . loki show I you hand . get down on you stomach -- on the floor -- Jones comply , look terrify . loki put he foot on Jones 's back while he cuff he hand -- loki ( cont 'd ) where be they ? Jones do not answer . loki get up and start frantically toss the rv . wedge and Carter move inside loki ( cont 'd ) they be not here . loki look down at Jones , grab he , lift he to he foot -- loki ( cont 'd ) they in the wood ? come on -- you be gonna take I to they right now -- right now -- loki walk a cuffed Jones out of the rv -- ext . rv - continuous 23 loki push Jones out of the rv , Carter and wedge right behind they -- ( continued ) 23 24 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 14 continued : 23 loki push Jones towards the edge of the wood where the rv be park . Jones trip -- loki pull he up -- shove he , but Jones will not move -- loki go -- walk ! I be gonna fuck shoot you if you do not start walk -- Carter and wedge flash they flashlight around the edge of the wood , illuminate a slurry of leave , slush and mud -- there 's nothing there -- loki grab wedge 's flashlight , shine it in Jones 's eye ... he look completely out of it -- loki ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be you on ? loki breathes out , hand Jones off to wedge -- loki ( cont 'd ) ( to wedge ) put he in the car -- see if you can sober he up -- the two uniform cop who be drive the other patrol car come run over -- loki ( cont 'd ) victim might be in the wood . see if PSP can loan we they scent dog . loki motion around at the rest stop -- loki ( cont 'd ) seal all this off , the entrance -- all of it . ( to one of the cop ) you -- come on -- loki rush into the wood , Carter and one of the two uniform cop follow after , the other uniform cop get on he radio , watch as wedge put Jones in the squad car -- ext . fairmount circle - night 24 Ralph trail keller , the two of they march across a neighbor 's lawn , shine they flashlight , search . a groggy man , 52 , peek he head out the front door . ( continued ) 24 25 26 27 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 15 continued : 24 groggy man what the fuck 's go on ? he see it 's keller and lose the bravado quick . keller look for my girl . Anna 's miss . groggy man get he glass on and see the throng of people walk down the street with flashlight . int . interrogation room - police station - night 25 cut - up from the crash , Alex Jones stand against the wall . he seem spacey if not downright schizophrenic , stare blankly at the picture of Anna and Joy , loki hold in front of he face . jone no. loki no ? they be not play on you rv ? CUT to : the rv as forensics tear it apart 26 forensics guy , 55 , pull out ceiling panel one by one -- two forensics tech and a police mechanic in the bg . jone ( v.0 . ) I do not see they . can I sit down ? the grungy carpet of the rv as forensics guy rip it off the floor . loki ( v.o. ) where do you usually park the rv ? a old eight track tape -- Heaven 's gonna be a blast -- as forensics guy pop it out of the dash . jone ( v.0 . ) my aunt 's house . ext . backyard - holly jone ' house - night 27 the house : squalid , small and yellow . ( continued ) 27 28 29 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 16 continued : 27 jone ( v.o. ) she let I park it in the back yard . the grass do not grow back there anyway . loki pace around in the backyard . there 's a beat - up tran be park on the lawn , cover in dirt . Jones 's aunt , holly jone , 53 , come out the back door , hugging herself against the cold . she have a regal face , she long grey hair grow down past she waist . holly jone ( holler to loki ) it be my husband 's . it 's for sale if you want it . loki no thanks . loki rub some dirt from one of the tran be 's window and peer inside . nothing there . int . holly jone ' house - night 28 Holly Jones lead loki through cramped hallway , past little room clogge with old furniture . loki do he sleep in the rv ? holly jone in the summertime he do , but this time of year he sleep on the couch . she motion to a fray sofa bed , where a mongrel dog be curl up sleep . loki where be he thing ? int . laundry room - holly jone ' house - night 29 Holly lead loki into the small room . atop a chest of drawer sit a frame photo of she , circa 1970 , young and beautiful , sit inside the then brand new rv , with she long haire , hippie husband . holly jone my husband . we have a fight ... God , almost five year ago . ( more ) ( continued ) 29 30 31 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 17 continued : 29 holly jone ( cont 'd ) he walk out and do not come back . Alex love he like a father . loki what happen to Alex 's real parent ? holly jone my husband 's brother and he girlfriend . they die in a car accident when Alex be six . she open the top drawer and present it to loki : some sorry look clothes . a little matchbox rv . holly jone ( cont ’d ) he do not have much . ext . fairmount circle - night 30 keller and Ralph about to walk another lap around the circle when Franklin pull up in he car and roll down he window -- franklin they find the rv -- girl be not inside . park on that rest stop near the south wood . they be put together a search party . keller and Ralph get into the car and Franklin take off - int . garage - police station - night 31 what 's leave of the rv . sitting inside at the little kitchen table be forensics guy -- smarter than most , like he job . he 's think , head lean back , eye close . loki walk inside and slap the table -- loki what do we get ? forensics guy take a moment to think of something that make he frown . forensics guy this thing 's clean . I mean it 's filthy as shit , but we do not find anything . loki seem unfaze by this piece of news , think -- ( continued ) 31 32 33 34 35 36 a prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 18 continued : loki they could have be wear winter hat and mitten the whole time they be in here . so no print , no hair fiber . forensics guy if he just use this thing to transport they I might buy that , but if there be a struggle in here I would have find something . I would start search the wood near the rest stop . loki yeah , half the cop in the state be do that right now . loki walk off -- loki ( cont 'd ) when you be do with this thing take a team over to he aunt 's place . ext . gas station - night the gas station lot be swarm with cop and volunteer . everyone be head into the adjacent ... ext . wood - night a constellation of flashlight move through the wood . Ralph stick by keller , they eye scan , exhaust . Franklin trail behind they . ext . fairmount circle - morning a aerial view of loki 's sedan head down the street toward the dover House . omitted ext . the birch ' house - continuous neighbor want to help , but not sure what to do mill around . loki 's car pull up ... 31 32 33 34 35 36a 36 B 36 37 38 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 19 int . kitchen - the birch 's house - continuous 36 B Franklin lead loki into the kitchen . Nancy be sit at the kitchen table , she back to they . remnant of thanksgive on the table , yet to be clear -- loki Mrs. birch , I be detective loki -- Nancy turn , she expression wear with shock , but still compose -- doggedly hold on to herself . she have some photo laid out on the table , hand one to loki -- nancy this be a better picture than the one my husband give you . you can see she eye more clearly ... loki take the picture , nod -- Nancy stare up at he , implore he with a hard look -- eye swell with tear . int . ralph 's room - the dover ' house - continuous 36 Ralph lie asleep on top of the cover , clothes and muddy sneaker still on . int . bathroom - the dover ' house - continuous 37 keller splashes water on he face . a little gold crucifix hang around he neck . his eye drift to the toothbrush holder . the little toothbrush with the cartoon character on it . int . live room - the dover ' house - continuous 38 Grace be sit on the couch next to detective loki , who 's distract , read a text on he phone . Grace be compose , but there 's dread in she voice . grace do we pass ? loki what ? grace the poly - whatever -- the lie detector we take this morning . ( continued ) prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 20 continued : 38 loki ( put the phone away ) sorry -- yes , we appreciate you cooperation . grace Nancy 's lawyer friend tell we it would help speed thing up . it 's embarrassing , all this fuss . everyone 's go to think we be crazy when that two come out from wherever they be hide . loki you have some reason to think they run away ? grace no , they be happy , but they must have run away ... she look to the window , she mind drift as she listen to the faint sound of congregate neighbor outside . grace ( cont 'd ) the police captain say you have solve every case you have ever be assign . loki nod , pretend to be humble , look around at the frame photo adorn the wall , mostly of Ralph and Anna . grace ( cont 'd ) do you have child , detective ? loki shake he head . she look at he askance . he touch she hand , he face take on a unwaver conviction ... loki I be gonna find you daughter . she nod , try to be comfort , want to believe it . loki ( cont 'd ) we think the girl come back here after they leave you at the birch ' yesterday . keller appear in the doorway . keller they be look for Anna 's red whistle . ( continued ) 38 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 21 continued : ( 2 ) 38 loki and Grace stand up . loki right , I read you statement . keller offer he hand to loki . loki look he up and down , give he a quick handshake -- a little cold . loki ( cont 'd ) detective loki . I be head up the investigation into you daughter 's disappearance . please , sit down . keller remain stand . Grace grab on to he arm . keller listen , my son tell you , the guy be hide inside that rv , watch they . loki we have not find any physical evidence in the rv , or he aunt 's house where he life . Alex Jones have the iq of a ten year old and there 's no way he would have be able to abduct two girl in broad daylight and then somehow make they disappear . keller you give he a lie detector ? loki yeah , we do . do not work if you do not understand the question . keller what do that mean ? he run . they say he try to get away . loki we be consider all possibility , Mr. dover . I know what you be say . I be not crossing anybody off the list . just let I do my job . keller do not answer , look far from satisfied . 39 40 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 22 ext . loki 's loki loki bore loki loki int . driveway - the dover ' house - moment later 39 's leave in he car when keller run up alongside . stop , roll down he window -- keller he stay in custody until my daughter be find , right ? loki we have get a forty - eight hour hold on he . end tomorrow unless we bring charge . keller then charge he with something . loki Mr. dover , let I worry about -- keller detective , two little girl gotta be worth whatever rule you have to break to keep that asshole in custody . consider for a moment while keller 's desperate eye into he ... keller ( cont 'd ) I know you can not promise I anything -- I be just ask you to be sure . do not answer . keller ( cont 'd ) thank you , detective . I appreciate it . nod and drive off -- captain 's office - police station - day 40 captain richard o'malley sit at he desk shaking he head at loki . captain richard o'malley you be positive he 's innocent , but you want to keep hold he anyway ? loki Anna dover 's father -- ( continued ) 40 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 continued : 22a captain richard o'malley since when be you mister bedside fuck manner ? ( continued ) 40 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 23 40 continued : ( 2 ) 40 loki one more day -- captain richard o'malley fuck you . you find he daughter , he will forgive you , you do not , he 's gonna hate you anyway . loki take that in . o’ malley give he a long look ... captain richard o'malley ( cont ’d ) have my buddy from PSP 's homicide unit over for Thanksgiving ... loki look a little catch ... captain richard o'malley ( cont 'd ) if you want a transfer you should have ask I . PSP 's homicide unit be a fine place to be -- I be sure you would fit right in there . but you be get ahead of yourself a little bit , do not you think ? loki what do you want I to say ? captain richard o'malley nothing . why should you say anything ? not like I ever do anything for you . some guilt sneak into loki 's expression -- captain richard o'malley ( cont 'd ) after the last round of layoff I get maybe two guy here who know what they be do , and both of they be in this room . loki I be not busting my ass everyday just for privilege of go down with the ship . you know I love you -- but it 's onward and upward . o' malley nod ... a fatherly look of resignation on he face as he look down at he hand , then after a moment he look back up , face hard , meet loki 's eye and nod tersely -- ( continued ) 40 4l 42 43 44 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 24 continued : ( 3 ) 40 captain richard o'malley find this kid , make I look good -- and maybe I 'il give you my bless . so what 's next ? we be come up on twenty - four hour miss and you have exactly shit . loki I be knock on door all night . loki pull a printout from he pocket . loki ( cont 'd ) get nine level three sex offender live within a ten mile radius of fairmount Circle . dissolve to : int . live room - sex offender's house 1 - night 41 a man , 50' , muscle , wear a tank top and boxer -- look like loki wake he up . loki ( 0.s. ) I be gonna need a address and phone number for everybody you be with that day . loki 's look at a wall full of little nail hole -- loki ( cont 'd ) what be hang here ? int . garage - sex offender 's house 1 - night 42 the muscle man watch on as loki open a cardboard box - - inside it be frame photo -- the muscle man , but skinny , young -- stand with he then wife and kid . ext . fast food restaurant - night 43 through the window we see loki talk to a male employee , 27 -- work the register . the employee shake he head emphatically -- ext . loki 's sedan - night 44 loki walk to he car -- angle widen to reveal the downtown area . Strip mall , gas station -- car whizzing by -- blurred face in car window -- 45 46 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 25 ext . back yard - sex offender's house 2 - night 45 a grey haire man , in he pajamas , shiver in the cold , watch as ... grey haire man I have bad arthritis -- have not be out of the house in month . look like he 's ready for this night to be over , loki open the door to the man 's tool shed -- move inside -- start rifling around in the clutter , take he aggression out -- hold up a porn magazine -- loki you be not allow to have this . grey haire man I forget it be in there . I promise I 'il -- loki toss the magazine out onto the yard . he keep rifling -- find another magazine , another -- throw they out -- loki who 's you probation officer ? ext . yard - nice house 2 - night 46 loki walk out the front door , the grey haire man follow after he -- grey haire man please -- loki stop , face the man -- loki get back inside . the man do not move -- loki look like he 's go to blow -- loki ( cont 'd ) get back inside ! the grey haire man turn and shuffles back inside he house . loki breathes out , get in he car -- 47 48 49 50 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 26 ext . saint emiliana church - night 47 loki 's headlight wash over a cheaply build grey house , its window all board , a big white cross on its front . and right beside it ... a small grey house , the rectory . loki 's headlight wink out . int . black sedan - parked - continuous 48 look beat , loki pop a coffee bean in he mouth . he check he notebook , crossing off the last of a long list of sex offender . ext . front door —- rectory - moment later 49 a crack door bell as loki push it and nothing happen . he sigh , tired , piss off . he start beat on the door -- loki ( yell inside ) Police . hello ? I need to talk to you , Father . open the door . he peer in a window near the door : a tv play a old black and white war movie . a old priest lie on the floor -- look dead . int . live room - the rectory - continuous 50 loki open the unlock front door and rush inside ... he squat down beside the priest lie on the floor , father patrick dunn , 64 , grizzle and bald . he 's not dead , he 's snoring , pass out . empty liquor bottle be everywhere . loki consider , then stand up . loki you mind if I look around ? Dunn do not seem to mind at all , still snoring up a storm . 51 52 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 27 int . kitchen - rectory - continuous 51 loki turn on the light : a wall clock ticking , a sink full of liquor bottle , a abandon game of solitaire on the table , card throw on the floor ... loki notice something : the refrigerator 's electric chord -- it 's stretch teach to the outlet , barely reach . the fridge have be move . loki look closer -- see the top of a door frame behind it ... loki walk to the refrigerator , shaking he head . he sigh and start shove it off the door it 's block . the fridge be old and heavy and do not go easy ... int . the basement - the rectory - moment later 52 the door open , loki take the first step .... then grab the door frame wildly -- the stair have be removed . it 's a ten foot drop to the basement floor ... loki squat down and flash he flashlight . pile of junk obscure he view ... he get down and let he leg dangle off the edge . then he turn around , get in a hang position , and drop -- he land on he foot , then fall back on he ass . he get up , cursing under he breath , shine he flashlight -- suddenly startle by three big statue . Saints . loki move in closer . there 's something behind they ... a man in a chair . loki lose he breath , draw he gun -- loki hey ! loki shine he flashlight on he ... it 's a corpse , skeletal , long since dead . what be once a very tall man , strapped to a chair with ream of duct tape . loki ( cont 'd ) Christ . loki move in closer . he notice a pendant hang around the corpse 's neck with a maze- like design carve into it . moment later loki drag a statue of a kneel saint under the doorway . ( continued ) 52 53 54a prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 28 continued : 52 he step on its back , reach up and grab the lip of the door frame . then , strain , he pull himself up ... int . kitchen —- rectory - moment later 53 Father Dunn 's Pov as he come to : loki 's drag he to the basement door and be about to toss he over the edge , hold he by the back of he shirt . Dunn be terrify , act like there 's burn lava down there -- father patrick dunn no ! no ! do not -- please ! loki who 's the corpse ? first name , last name . now , or down you go -- leave you with you buddy for a while . come on ! what 's he name !? who be he ? father patrick dunn could not go to the police . they would never believe a -- loki lean he further over the edge -- dunn scream -- loki I spend six year in the huntington boy 's Home , father -- hurt a fuck like you would be a real treat for I ! Dunn shake he head , tear stream -- father patrick dunn I don't know he name ! come to I for confession . kill sixteen child , he say . bragge about it . I convinced he to come back here . he be go to kill more . he would not tell I he name . loki roll he eye , yank Dunn back from the edge -- loki right . sixteen child huh ? I think he be just try to impress a fellow pervert scumbag -- come on , time to go . omitted 54a 54 55 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 29 ext . wood - morning 54 keller trudge through the wood . his cell phone ring . the caller id : grace . keller answer -- keller ( into the phone ) hey . grace ( 0.s. ) ( over the phone ) they be let he go . keller ( into the phone ) what ? grace ( 0.s. ) ( over the phone ) the man , the police say they be let he go today . keller ( into the phone ) ok , it 's ok . I be gonna take care of it . keller hang up , shocked , turn around . Franklin and Ralph be about twenty yard behind he . he take off run towards they , weaving between tree , stomping through the snow , run right past they -- ralph dad ? where you go ? franklin what 's go on ? keller do not answer , run past volunteer wear search and rescue jacket , startling a search dog -- int . loki 's desk - police station - day 55 loki sit at he desk , research fairmount Circle on he computer -- Father Dunn be be interrogate in the bg . loki look up , watch as Jones and he aunt be show to the front desk ... Jones 's aunt rub he back as the desk sergeant give he paper work to fill out . desk sergeant sign here . ( continued ) 55 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 continued : he sign he release papers , slowly and methodically : Alex winterman Jones . 29 a 55 56 57a 57b prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 30 ext . police station - moment later 56 a uniformed cop escort Jones and he aunt out the front door . several reporter be wait -- reporter 1 be this you mother ? holly jone do not talk to they , Alex . reporter 2 do you have any comment on the girl -- be you innocent ? Jones 's Pov : the reporter 's accuse eye , the grey sky , he aunt squeezing he wrist -- the uniform escort try to get the reporter to clear a path while two other uniformed cop , just back from patrol come walk towards the entrance -- int . loki 's desk - police station - continuous 57a loki peer out the window , see the reporter cornere Jones and he aunt -- shake he head ... then he see something else -- keller 's truck pull into the parking lot -- loki ( under he breath ) fuck . loki get up in a hurry , call out to several uniform cop milling around the station -- loki ( cont 'd ) need some help out front -- ext . police station - continuous 57b keller shove past the reporter , make a bee line for Jones and he aunt when the uniform escort block he path -- uniformed escort Sir , you need to step back -- ( continued ) 57b prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 31 continued : 57b but keller keep come , the uniform escort grab he -- the two uniform cop just back from patrol rush to assist , keller resisting as the three of they struggle to restrain he -- keller I just want to talk to he . loki exit the station , five cop trail behind he -- loki you do not want to do this , Mr. dover -— - keller thanks to you he 's a free man , right ? I be a free man , he 's a free man -- why can not I talk to he ? keller struggle to break free of the gaggle of uniform cop now try like hell to get cuff on he as he lunge at Jones -- Jones 's aunt protectively try to put herself between they -- keller ( cont 'd ) tell I where they be ! keller try to get around Jones 's aunt as Jones back away -- tear up , shaking he head , overload -- keller ( cont 'd ) tell I what you did with they ! keller push past jone 's aunt . a uniform cop block he path -- keller coldcock he -- knock another cop to the cement . the other try to grab he , but he break free -~ — Jones take off run -- keller tackle he between two park car -- grab he by the shirt -- jone ( to keller ) they do not cry until I leave they . keller freeze , in shock -- look around -- do anybody else hear that ? he’s swallowed by angry cop -- struggle -- get smashed down in a blur of uniform , angry face and fist -- keller 's finally force to the pavement and handcuff , watch with craze helpless eye as Jones and he aunt be whisk away . 57 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 31 a int . captain office - police station - continuous 57 loki walk in , o'malley be talk to keller , who 's handcuff to a chair . when keller see loki he shake he head in bitter disgust . loki ( off keller 's look ) listen , I try -- captain richard o'malley I be talk here . ( back to keller ) ( more ) ( continued ) prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 32 57 continued : 57 captain richard o'malley ( cont 'd ) I know you dad be a guard at graterford , and I get a daughter of my own so I be gonna show some mercy on you . o' malley uncuff keller from the chair . keller stand up . captain richard o'malley ( cont 'd ) as for Alex Jones , he have order not to leave the commonwealth . keller what about what I just fuck tell you ?! why be not you send someone to go arrest this guy ?! captain richard o'malley Mr. dover , tell detective loki what you tell I -- he will definitely look into it . and when you be do , I need you to go home . you family need you at home , not hang around here . before keller can argue o'malley exit into the chaotic hallway and shut the door . loki you have something to tell I , Mr. dover ? keller take a moment , bludgeon loki with he eye , then : keller that asshole you promise I you would keep in custody , when I grab he in the parking lot , he say right to my fuck face : they do not cry until I leave they . loki just now in the parking lot ? keller what do I say -- yeah , just now in the parking lot . loki anybody hear besides you ? keller shake he head bitterly . ( continued ) 57 58 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 33 continued : ( 2 ) 57 loki ( cont 'd ) you sure you hear he right ? keller Jesus Christ -- you think I be make this up ? loki observe keller 's hand be shaking ... loki ok , I ’1ll go see he . keller stop , look he in the eye . keller do not go see he . go arrest he . keller turn and walk out . loki watch the door slam , he mind work ... int . live room - holly jone ' house - day 58 Jones and he aunt sit side by side on the couch -- the dog lie at Holly 's foot . loki sit across from they on a ottoman . loki so you do not say anything to Mr. dover out on the parking lot today ? anything he could have misinterpreted ? Jones shake he head . loki ( cont 'd ) nothing at all ? you do not say , get away from I ? help ? nothing like that ? jone no. loki nod , think . loki can I talk to Alex alone for a minute ? she give Alex a reassure look , then get up -- holly jone I all be right in the next room , Alex . ( continued ) 58 59 60 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 34 continued : 58 the dog get up and follow after Holly as she exit the room . loki move in a little closer to Jones . Jones be afraid . loki do you like you aunt ? Jones do not answer at first , confuse , but then : jone yes . loki you know if you know something about what happen to this girl and you do not tell we , you aunt will go to jail too . you want that for she ? after she take care of you all this time ? Jones shake he head , a little lose . ext . holly jone ' house - continuous 59 loki walk to he car on the phone . loki ( into the phone ) Mr. dover , it 's detective loki . int . second floor hallway - the dover ' house - 60 continuous keller stand in the hallway on he cellphone . keller ( into the phone ) have you arrest he ? loki ( 0.s. ) ( over the phone ) he say he do not say anything in the parking lot . I push he hard and he do not budge . we can not waste any more time with this guy . I x11 let you know when I have something new . just hang -- keller hang up the phone , consider with desperate eye . 61 62 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 35 int . master bedroom - the dover ' house - continuous 61 keller walk in . Ralph sit by Grace 's bedside look freak out . she 's hold on to he for dear life , hysterical ; denial give way to manic terror . grace the zipper on she coat be break , and I tell she it do not matter , that we be just go up the street . ( to keller ) why have not she come home ? it 's be three day . why can not you make she come home ? I do not understand . it 's be too long ! keller motion to Ralph to get up and sit down next to Grace . Ralph flee the room . she motion to a bottle of xanax on the bedside table . grace ( cont 'd ) give I two , I just want to be knock out . I can not be awake anymore . keller comply and she swallow the pill with tremble hand . she lie back . keller stroke she hair . she calm for a moment , then look up at he accusingly . grace ( cont 'd ) you make I feel so safe . you say you could protect we from anything . he start to answer , but nothing come out . he look sicken with shame , turn away from she stare , he eye finally rest on a tick clock ... int . hallway - the dover ' house - moment later 62 keller come out of the bedroom . Grace be sleep . Ralph stand awkwardly in the dark hallway . keller I be go out to help the police . keep a eye on you mother . Ralph 's be cry . his eye beg he father not to leave . ( continued ) 62 63 64 65 66 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 36 continued : 62 keller ( cont 'd ) come on now , you sister need we to be brave for she . you gonna be brave -- be a grow - up for I ? Ralph do not answer . keller hold he stare for second , then just rush past he . but as keller reach the stair , he stop , guilt crease he face ... he turn around , go back and hug he son . keller ( cont 'd ) I know you be scared . it 's gonna be ok . crying now , Ralph hold on to he father for dear life . ext . driveway - the dover ' house - dusk 63 keller walk out the door and get in he truck . int . keller 's truck - parked - continuous 64 keller turn the ignition key . the everyday Testament start up . he sit there , look unsure of where he 's go , a darkness clouding he visage ... everyday testament he remind he that trouble and affliction be what we have all reason to expect in this world : man be bring to trouble -- he hit '' stop '' on the tape player . silence . he slam the gear shift into drive and tear out of the driveway -- ext . gun hill road - night 65 a narrow lane line with dead hedge and garbage . keller 's pick up truck pull up across the street from holly jone 's house ... int . keller 's truck - parked - continuous 66 keller turn off the engine and watch the little house ... 67 68 69 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 37 int . keller 's truck - parked - later 67 keller 's eye have lose some of they steely focus . he start the truck , about to turn on he headlight when : the front door to the house open , Holly Jones 's dog run out and close behind it be Alex Jones hold the leash . Jones walk it to the edge of the yard , check to see if anyone 's watch , then lift the dog by its leash and let it dangle while he taunt it under he breath . keller look sicken by the display , but stay in the truck . Jones lower the dog back to the ground . and while it gasp for breath , Jones stare up at the sky and whistle a tune : jingle bell , jingle bell , jingle all the way -- keller grip the steering wheel . he take a breath . and get out of the truck ... ext . holly jone ' STREET - continuous 68 Jones do not notice keller stalking up behind he as he walk beyond the last work street light into the darkness . keller Alex . startle , Alex turn around to see keller aim a pistol at he head . keller ( cont 'd ) that song you be just whistling , where do you hear it ? Jones drop the dog 's leash to the ground and it run off . he do not look scared as much as quizzical , even when keller press the gun to he head . int . joy 's room - the birch ' house - dawn 69 Joy 's gerbil run through a habitrail . through the window : keller 's truck pull up , honk . Franklin jog out of the house carry a back pack and get in the truck -- 70 71 72 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 38 int . keller 's truck - continuous 70 keller drive . Franklin sit in the passenger seat , the backpack on he lap , look supremely confuse . keller do you bring a change of clothes like I tell you ? franklin yeah , be you go to tell I why ? he notice keller look like grim death , eye red . his knuckle be wrap in gauze . keller it 's better if I just show you . moment later . they turn down a narrow side street line with slummy two story apartment house . keller park the truck and get out . Franklin do not move . keller ( cont 'd ) let 's go . Franklin reluctantly get out of the truck ... ext . apartment house - continuous 71 Franklin follow keller to the front door of a two story apartment house . no trespassing . lead poison . condemned . there 's a padlock on the front door . keller have a key . franklin you use to live here , do not you ? keller nod and Franklin follow he inside ... int . second floor apartment —- apartment house - continuous 72 keller and Franklin walk inside . wire hang out of the ceiling . bare rafter . cold air blow through . Franklin wait for a explanation . keller be look around the place , like he see thing lurking in the shadow that Franklin can not . a sound -- something clanging against a pipe . ( continued ) 72 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 39 continued : 72 franklin what 's that ? keller walk to the close bathroom door . he open it , then step aside , beckone Franklin . Franklin approach ... a gut bathroom . jone sit in the shower stall , tie to a pipe jutting from a hole in the wall , he head down , duct tape over he mouth ... Franklin back out of the room , pale - face , he look at keller , shocked . franklin ( cont 'd ) what the hell be this ? what do you do , keller ? keller pull he into the next room and get in he face . keller I hear he whistling the same song they be whistling on Thanksgiving . I swear to God , Franklin , the same fuck song . and I tell you what he say in the parking lot . franklin so we take he back to the cop . keller he will just clam up and act crazy like he do last time . someone have to make he talk . franklin what if you be wrong ? what if you just hear what you want to hear ? I want my daughter back as much as you do , but this be not right . keller we hurt he until he talk or they be go to die . that 's the choice . I know what I hear . Franklin look back inside at Jones , perhaps think on what horrible thing he might have do to he daughter , rage start to take hold -- ( continued ) 72 73 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 40 continued : ( 2 ) 72 keller ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) he 's not a person anymore . he stop be a person when he take we daughter . Franklin turn to keller , look painfully conflict . franklin what about we ? keller start wrapping a rag tight around he knuckle . keller I nil do whatever it take . Franklin 's still face as he listen : keller move into the bathroom , then ... smack . Franklin wince , he face quivering -- smack -- smack -- ext . neighbor 's house - fairmount circle - day 73 a woman , 36 , be sprinkle rock salt on she icy front step , eyeing something across the street ... the for sale house , loki walk around the yard , talk on he phone -- captain richard o'malley ( 0.s. ) ( over the phone ) result come back for the corpse in the priest 's basement . no DNA , dental or fingerprint match . the priest be stick to he story ; think he kill the next Ted Bundy . loki ( into the phone ) probably he jilted lover or something -- loki catch the woman across the street watch he , wave . loki ( cont 'd ) ( into the phone ) I gotta go -- loki hang up -- start across the street towards she -- woman you talk to I already . she give he a flirtacious smile -- he smile back -- ( continued ) 73 74 75 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 41 continued : 73 loki ( motion to empty house ) forget to ask -- do you know the people who live there ? woman no -- they be not social . move to easton a couple year ago . milland be they last name . loki they know the girl 's family ? woman think they have some kind of problem with the dover . do not know what it be about . loki nod vaguely , look back at the for sale house ... ext . the milland 's house - day 74 open the door for loki be kim milland , 37 -- a stiff look woman with a mannered disposition . loki detective loki . I be investigate the -- kim milland I know who you be . my mother be wonder when someone be go to come see we . loki nod vaguely , a bit confuse . loki because of where you use to live ? she make a strange face , look a little insulted -- kim milland because of Barry . int . live room - the milland 's house - day 75 loki 's Pov of the tv : a old home video of Barry milland , 6 . he 's play inside a big cardboard box / playhouse , stare out one of the cut - out window . ( continued ) 75 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 42 continued : 75 mrs . milland ( 0.s. ) same person who take he take that girl . I be sure of it . the video start to distort , the image deteriorate -- mrs . milland ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) oh Christ . I be wear out the tape I guess . I watch it everyday after breakfast . it 's the only video I have of he . loki 's gaze turn to the unblink eye of mrs . milland , 65 , unable or unwilling to get up off the couch , she rotund frame drape in vertiginous pattern . mrs . milland ( cont ’d ) it be before you time . twenty - six year ago . August nineteenth . I take a nap in the afternoon , and when I wake up , Barry be go . no one could ever tell I what happen to he . he be play in the front yard -- a few foot from where they say that rv be park ... what do you think that mean ? loki look Mrs. milland in the eye , try to read she , then : loki I be more interested in what you think it mean . after a moment Mrs. milland breathes out , shake she head ... mrs . milland I do not think we will ever know ... it 's just like Barry . no one take they -- nothing happen . they be just go . kim milland enter , 37 , along with she brother elliott , 35 . they orbit they mother like nervous nurse . mrs . milland ( cont ’d ) go ahead and search the house . I know from experience how precious time be to you right now . Elliott will go with you , in case you need to move something , he can put it back . he know where everything go . 76 77 78 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 43 omitted 76 int . bedroom - the milland 's house - moment later 77 Elliott show loki into a room fill with old toy and translucent storage container stack to the ceiling . elliott milland everything Barry ever touch . loki nod , see the old cardboard box / playhouse from the home video . he weave through the clutter towards it ... loki you say you know Anna dover 's father when you live on fairmount ? elliott milland not really know he . his son be play on we lawn one time -- this be year ago -- and my mother , she grab he and tore he shirt a little . she be confuse . I stop she and send the kid home . other than he shirt he be fine . then a hour later he father come over and start threaten I -- obviously drunk , but he seem serious enough . I lock the door and wait for he to leave . but he do not , he just sit there on we front step for over a hour . do not leave until the cop come . while consider this loki look inside the playhouse . a old stuff animal sit inside stare out at he . ext . apartment house - night 78 the sun be go . a lone light in the second floor window ... 79 80 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 44 int . bathroom - second floor apartment - night 79 Franklin brace Jones , keep he stand while -- crack -- keller slug he bloody face for what look like the hundredth time . keller why ? why will not you just fuck tell we !? Jones 's head be hang now , he 's barely conscious . keller motion for Franklin to wait a moment , walk out of the bathroom ... Franklin stand there hold Jones -- keller walk back in . Franklin 's face go hard when he see keller be hold a hammer . Franklin start to say something when keller silence he with a look -- keller hold the hammer up in front of Jones -- Jones regard it blankly -- keller ( cont 'd ) you gonna make I use this ? keller grab Jones 's arm , force he hand down on the sink , raise the hammer -- keller ( cont 'd ) you be do this to yourself . talk -- talk ! Jones 's eye , like empty window ... keller bring the hammer down -- hit the sink -- furious now , keller slam Jones into the wall , look like he 's go to hit he in the face with the hammer -- Franklin move in to stop he -- franklin stop -- keller smashes the hammer into the wall -- inch from Jones 's head . Franklin pull keller back as Jones collapse to the floor ... int . second floor apartment - apartment house - later 80 keller unwrap the now bloody rag from he knuckle while Franklin put on a clean shirt . ( continued ) prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 4on continued : 80 franklin it do not seem like he even know what 's happen to he . keller that 's what he want you to think . it 's a act . ( beat ) we will start up again in the morning . franklin start what up again ? it 's not work . keller then we will try something else . ext . fairmount circle - night 81 Franklin walk up the street towards where the rv once park . it 's alive with light . he get closer . a candlelight vigil . at least a hundred people , stand in the cold . he walk past a reporter -- reporter four day have pass since Anna dover and Joy birch be last see by they family . the two girl , age six and seven , be believe to have be play right here on this street when they disappear without a trace . as you can see , despite the cold , a lot of people have turn out tonight to show they support . Police be ask that anyone who have any information regard the girl 's whereabouts -- no matter how minor -- to call the twenty - four hour tip line . ( continued ) 81 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 45 continued : 81 he spot Nancy and eliza and go to they . nancy hi . he take she hand , then eliza 's ... nancy ( cont 'd ) ( whisper to Franklin ) where have you be ? he do not answer . all the light be make he nauseous . nancy ( cont 'd ) Franklin ? franklin the wood , search . the light be unbearable . he let go of they hand , reeling a little . nancy what be it ? franklin nothing , I be ok . just need to sit down . as he wife and daughter walk after he , he sit down on someone 's lawn and try not to throw up . across the way we see loki watch . he turn -- scan the crowd -- loki 's Pov -- somber , candlelit face , breath show in the cold , stand like a choir ; all face the same direction ... except for a tall man , who 's stare at the birch ... loki start carefully move through the crowd ... get a better view of the tall man : pudgy , baby face , partly obscure by the hood of he parka -- loki bump into a woman -- knock the candle from she hand -- woman watch it -- loki look over at the tall man -- they eye lock -- ( continued ) 81 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 46 continued : ( 2 ) 81 the tall man turn abruptly , start weaving out of the crowd -- head be turn -- a quiet commotion building when -- loki give up try to be gentle -- shove he way out of the crowd -- break into a run , the tall man about thirty yard ahead -- loki stop right now ! Police ! loki 's Pov as he chase the tall man -- the tall man run down into a ditch lining the roadside . loki sprint down after he -- lose sight of he when the tall man clear the other side -- loki get to the top of the slope , see the tall man run between two house -- loki give chase as the tall man run out on to another street -- loki 's Pov as he chase the tall man down the middle of the street -- the tall man veer off , run up a hilly front yard and disappear behind a house -- loki hit the hilly yard -- run around the other side of the same house -- loki peer around the corner of the house at the backyard -- nobody there . then he see the motion light come on next door -- hear a dog bark -- loki draw he gun , head to the chain link fence divide the two backyard , step over it , see the leash guard dog across the way , bark at something -- the dog notice loki -- wheel around and charge he -- until its leash go teach and snap it back -- loki breathes out , scan the yard . no sign of the tall man . then -- something fall down to the ground beside loki . a icicle . he look up -- icicles hang off the bottom of a tree house . there could be someone up there -- it 's hard to tell from the ground -- it 's about ten foot up . loki aim he gun up at it ... loki ( cont 'd ) hello ? you do not come down on three , I be gonna start shoot . one , two ... three -- ( continued ) 81 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 46a continued : ( 3 ) 81 nothing . loki breathes out , consider as the motion light go dark -- a shape drop down from the tree house , loki fire bang , miss -- thump -- a boot hit he face , he fall back into the snow -- light come back on as -- loki scramble up -- he drop he gun -- see the tall man be climb over a wooden fence across the way -- loki look around in the snow for he gun -- there , grab it -- aim -- the tall man be go over the fence -- loki ( cont 'd ) stop ! the tall man keep go -- loki ( cont 'd ) Son of bitch ! ( continued ) 81 82 83 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 47 continued : ( 4 ) 81 loki run to the fence -- climb -- fall into a snow drift -- the din of engine , car blasting past -- he’s on the side of a highway -- loki peer through the blur of speed car to the other side -- no sign of the tall man . struggle to catch he breath , loki turn around , scan , scan -- nothing . loki 's about to loose he mind -- so fuck close . int . tv room - the birch 's house - morning 82 the birch 's tv : a news report -- a police sketch on screen . a fairly accurate rendering of the tall man -- news caster -- who police be say be a person of interest in the investigation of the two miss girl -- angle widen to reveal Franklin watch -- Nancy asleep on the couch . the room have not be clean since Thanksgiving . someone beep they horn out front , startles Franklin -- he look out the window . keller 's truck just pull up -- ext . apartment house - morning 83 Franklin follow keller up the front stair , they be in the midst of a hushed argument -- franklin why would the police be look for he if he do not -- keller they do it together -- they know each other . I tell you , Jones look I in the eye and tell I : they only cry when I leave they . he know where this guy be . ( continued ) 83 84 85 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 48 continued : 83 Franklin try to swallow that , but it 's not go down ... keller leave he on the stair and disappear inside ... Franklin consider darkly ... then after a moment he follow keller inside , look like he 's be lead to the gallow ... int . captain office - police station - day 84 loki walk in and drop something on o'malley 's desk . a little dog collar with id tag on it . loki Holly Jones 's dog . car hit it on southworth Street . turn out Jones take it for a walk the night before last and do not come back . his aunt do not tell we until we call she about the dog this morning -- say she do not want to get he in trouble . I think we be gonna keep he under surveillance . captain richard o'malley you say the runner at the vigil be we guy . I do not have money in the budget for watch innocent people . o' malley see a sliver of doubt in loki 's eye before loki can conceal it . loki open the door , and as he exit -- loki I just like know where everybody be -- int . media room - police station - day 85 loki sit in a broom closet of a room , stock with outdated equipment . he 's watch surveillance video from when he question Jones in the interrogation room : loki do you park you rv on fairmount Circle yesterday ? jone I do not know the name . the street name , I do not look at they . ( continued ) 85 86 87 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 49 continued : 85 loki show picture of Anna and Joy to Jones . loki have you see this girl before ? Jones ' face as he look at the picture , unable to answer . nothing tell in he expression . just a man lose in he own world . a clerk open the door , awaken loki from he trance -- clerk loki , you get a call . int . discount department store - day 86 Christmas music squawk as detective loki stand in the check - out line talk to jill , 16 , work the register . jill I call as soon as I see the sketch on tv . he come in here every week almost and busy kid clothes , but he 's always buy stuff in different size . caught he mess around with the mannequin once . loki how do he pay ? jill Cash . loki here 's my card . if he come back , call I . int . second floor apartment - night 87 Franklin , shiver in he underwear fumble in he backpack for clean clothes . he 's cry silently , wiping speck of blood off he face . keller we be not do , Franklin . keller stand a few foot away , blood on he shirt , stone face . the close door to the bathroom , Jones whimper . ( continued ) 87 88 89 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 50 continued : 87 franklin we will -- we will come back later . need to get home . keller it 's be five day . maybe five day since they have have a drink of water . this could be the last night that matter . franklin I 'il call you after Nancy fall asleep . I promise . keller look dubious . int . kitchen - the birch ' house - night 88 Nancy pour eliza a bowl of cereal , they both look exhaust . nancy will you do I a favor and start feed you sister 's gerbil ? just until she come back . eliza nod . Nancy pour the milk , sit down , she cold coffee wait . eliza eat a cereal flake with she finger . the sound of Franklin come in the front door . Nancy get up fast -- int . vestibule - the birch 's house - continuous 89 Franklin lock the front door as Nancy appear behind he . nancy do you know what time it be ? he turn , snap at she -- franklin do not ! just do not ! she stop , shocked by the way he look , like he 's age , and he eye -- stare through she . 90 91 92 93 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 51 ext . the dover ' house - night 90 with Franklin stand meekly behind she , Nancy ring the door bell over and over , until finally keller open the door . Nancy glower at keller , tremble ... nancy what the hell be you think ? keller give Franklin the evil eye , then step outside , close the door behind he -- shoot Nancy a hard look ... keller you tell anyone ? Nancy shake she head . she look at Franklin , she anger start to collapse into a desperate hope ... nancy I want to see he . int . keller 's truck - traveling - night 91 Nancy and Franklin ride up front with keller . keller pull into a liquor store parking lot . franklin where be we go ? keller can not keep parking in front -- people be gonna notice . we will walk from here . ext . liquor store parking lot - night 92 keller , Nancy and Franklin exit the truck and walk silently across the parking lot . a doll peek out of Nancy 's purse ... int . bathroom - second floor apartment - continuous 93 the bathroom door open . Nancy walk in , alone , clutching she purse ... Jones 's wrist be tie to a pipe in the shower . his face be all but hide ; wrap in blood soak rag , just one eye peek out ... ( continued ) 93 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 52 continued : 93 Nancy do not scare easy ; she move in close and get down to eye level with he ... she pull some picture of Joy out of she purse and lay they out on the floor . then some drawing . and finally the doll . nancy this be she favorite doll . she can not sleep without it . Nancy fight to keep from cry . she look to Jones , he cyclops eye stare blankly . nancy ( cont 'd ) she do this drawing . they be kind of sad , see . she have not have the easiest life . he start to come to life a little ; lean over to get a closer look at the photo and drawing . nancy ( cont 'd ) please help she . she stop and consider for a moment . then , with shaking hand , she start to remove the rag from Jones 's head . his face be a horror . she peel the duct tape off Jones 's mouth , revealing the rag stuff inside . she pull it out , then set about untying he wrist from the pipe , freeing he mangle hand . Jones 's mouth start move . he 's say something ... Nancy move in closer , closer , until finally she get the message : jone help I . Jones grab Joy 's doll , stand up and back away from Nancy , towards the window ... Jones beat the doll 's head against the window -- the glass shatter . Nancy scream . keller and Franklin rush inside . keller you untied he ?! Jones be wriggle out the window , about to plunge three floor , when keller grab he leg and yank he back in . ( continued ) 93 94 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 53 continued : ( 2 ) 93 Jones grab a shard of glass off the sill . keller get he chest slashed as he grab Jones ' wrist and slam it into the wall repeatedly . Jones drop the shard -- shock , Nancy watch keller and Franklin struggle to tie Jones back up , trample Joy 's belonging beneath they foot . int . interrogation room - police station - night 94 loki sit down across from Father dunne . stand by the door be the seldom smile detective chemelinski , 43 . loki detective chemelinski say you have some specifics about the crime you claim this man commit . the abduction . father patrick dunn he be wage a war against God . loki shake he head -- loki great. ( to chemelinski ) you tell I he have something ? chemelinski ( to dunne ) tell he how he take the kid , shitbird . loki look back to the priest , wait ... father patrick dunn he say he take they in daylight . sometimes more than one child at a time . loki lean in , suddenly very interested . loki he say that ? father patrick dunn yes . loki do he mention a accomplice ? any name ? ( continued ) prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 54 94 continued : 94 father patrick dunn no . but he say he have a family . a wife and a son . 95 int . second floor hallway - apartment house - night 95 the close door to the apartment . behind the door we hear the whine of a band saw revving up . 96 int . second floor apartment - apartment - night 96 keller , lean over the band see lose in a cloud of see dust as he slice through a piece of plywood . he slam nail into wood with a nail gun , one after another , like the tick of some two ton clock hand . we be too close to see what he 's building ... 97 int . the birch ' house - kitchen - night 97 Nancy stand in front of the hum microwave , zone out as leftover bubble and melt . it beeps . the clock : 2:05 be . the door bell ring , jolt she -- vestibule Nancy open the door . it 's keller . he 's cover in sawdust . nancy what be it -- what happen ? keller get Franklin . I need to show you how it work . 98 int . second floor apartment - apartment house - night 98 keller , Franklin and Nancy approach the close bathroom door . franklin we need to let he go . keller you say that already . nancy have he say anything new ? ( continued ) 98 99 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 55 continued : 98 keller he will . soon . you will see . int . bathroom - second floor apartment —- continuous 99 no sign of Jones , but where the shower use to be be a false wall make of wood : the cell . keller no light get in , barely enough room to sit down inside . the shower still work , but we control it from out here . I rig the water heater , so it either come out scalding or freezing . he motion to two pipe jutting out of the cell , with faucet knob on the end , '' cold '' and '' hot . '' keller ( cont 'd ) talk to he through this -- keller motion to a pvc pipe jutting out , bent like a elbow . Nancy lean in and listen : jone be inside sobbing ... nancy oh my God . Franklin notice a little picture of Anna and Joy tack to the outside of the cell . keller to remind we . in case we start feel sorry for he . Nancy and Franklin be stupefy . keller ( cont 'd ) we can not hurt he any more without kill he . this be the only way . franklin be you out of you fuck mind ? inside the pitch black cell Jones stop sobbing and quiet , listen to the muffle timbre of they voice ... back to : ( continued ) prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 56 continued : 99 keller , as he pick up a hammer and hand it to Franklin . keller you have a better idea ? go ahead , let he out if you want to . I will not stop you . if that 's really what you want , go ahead . Franklin consider with harry eye ... keller ( cont 'd ) you think someone be look out for we girl the way you be look out for he ? five day they have be go now . we be run out of time . franklin we do not even know if he 's the guy , keller . keller I do . franklin I want my daughter back as much as you do . I would die for she -- but this need to end . keller then you better get to work . I would start with that wall there . Franklin look to Nancy , but she eye be lose . he take a breath , then go to the cell , start to pry at one of the wall with the hammer . after a few moment Nancy put she hand on he shoulder -- nancy do not . Franklin , stop . he shake he head and keep on pry at the wood , breaking off a SMALL panel -- suddenly jone reach out and grab he . Franklin drop the hammer . nancy scream as he yank he arm from Jones 's grasp . Franklin level a long accuse stare at keller . nancy ( cont 'd ) let 's just go . please . ( continued ) 99 100 101 102 103 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 continued : ( 2 ) Franklin finally heed he wife and they leave keller alone with he creation ... ext . front / back yard - the birch ' house - night a unseen person 's Pov , the intruder , creep across the birch ' moonlit backyard , move towards ... the back door the intruder 's hand jimmying the lock with a screw driver ... int . bathroom - the birch 's house - continuous eliza be take a bath , talk on she cell phone to Ralph . eliza ( into phone ) I need to get out of here , Ralph . everything in this house make I want to throw up . ( listen ) you dad 's building ? I be not stay in that crackhouse . Gross . int . hallway - the birch 's house - continuous back to the intruder 's Pov , move down the hallway : he stop at the close bathroom door , listen to eliza 's voice ... int . minivan - the birch ' house - continuous Franklin pull into the driveway , Nancy sit in the passenger seat . both sit in silence for a moment , then : franklin keller 's gonna kill he . the guy do not know anything , Nancy . he 's just some poor fool who park on we street ... ( beat ) I be gonna go back there -- without keller -- let he out ... nancy you be not go back to that place . ( continued ) 99 100 101 102 103 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 57 a 103 continued : 103 Franklin look at she , not sure what she 's get at . nancy ( cont 'd ) if you do , I will call the police and tell they everything . ( beat ) we be not gonna help keller -- but we be not gonna stop he either . let he do what he think he need to ... ( beat ) we do not know about it anymore . and with that Nancy get out and shut the door -- leave Franklin in shocked silence . 104 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 58 int . hallway - the birch ' house - continuous 104 Nancy walk down the hallway , stop at the close bathroom door . she knock . nancy eliza ? she knock again . nancy ( cont 'd ) eliza ? you in there ? she try the door . it 's lock . Franklin come up behind she . franklin what 's the matter ? Nancy turn to he , terrify . nancy she 's not answer . Franklin 's eye go wide . Nancy rattles the doorknob -- bang on the door -- nancy ( cont 'd ) eliza , honey open the door . open the door , sweetheart -- oh Jesus -- ( scream at Franklin ) break it down ! hurry up ! Franklin stand back , about to kick the door in when eliza open the door in a towel , hand over she cell phone . eliza fuck you both . next time you be go to leave I here alone -- maybe you could try at least tell I where you be go . nancy I be sorry , honey , we think you be sleep -- we be at the police station -- eliza slam the door in they face . 105 106 107 108 109 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 59 ext . fairmount circle - continuous back to the intruder 's Pov : as he move across the street to the dover ' house . keller 's truck be not in the driveway . he move around to the back of the house ... int . hallway - the dover ' house - moment later the intruder 's Pov : as he move past the close door to Ralph 's room . the muffle sound of he talk on the phone . int . master bedroom - the dover ' house - continuous Grace lie in bed , sleep , suddenly awaken as she hear a noise in the next room . she sit up . grace Anna ? Anna ? she get out of bed ... int . hallway - the dover ' house - continuous Grace move slowly down the hallway . she see the door to Anna 's room be open ... int . anna 's room - the dover ' house - continuous Grace walk inside the room and turn on the light . Anna 's window be conspicuously open , curtain billow . grace Anna ? I hear you . it 's mommy , honey . come out and see mommy . she stand there in the middle of the room , zone out , she breath start to show in the cold . Ralph appear in the doorway , half asleep . ralph ma , what be you do ? it 's freezing . Ralph go to the window . he look outside . nothing there . he shut the window -- 105 106 107 108 109 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 60 int . anna 's room - the dover ' house - later 110 loki follow a thoroughly drugge Grace into Anna 's room . grace she be in here . I hear she . and when I come in , the window be she start to get dizzy . loki steady she and sit she down on the side of the bed . grace ( cont 'd ) she open she window . Ralph close it , but it be open before . ( beat ) be not you go to write that down ? loki nod , and try to do so with as little condescension as possible , pull out he note pad and jot down : in the house ? OPEN window grace ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) the basement . I need to check the basement . int . basement - the dover ' house - moment later 111 Grace lead loki down the stair . loki look around , a little take aback by the floor to ceiling provision . while Grace search for Anna , loki notice a little sketch on keller 's work table : a stick figure in a box ... then he see something else , among the provision ... a half use bag of lye . he linger on it for a moment . loki where be you husband , Mrs. dover ? grace I be go to ask you . he say he 's be help the police look for Anna . loki look dubious , think ... loki you think he will be back soon ? grace no . he 's never home until late . ( continued ) 112 113 114 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 61 continued : 111 loki look at he watch : 3:45 be . int . black sedan - parked - day 112 frozen rain come down -- loki squint out he windshield -- can not see anything . he hit the wiper . now he can see again : he 's park up the street from the dover ' house . ext . the dover ' house - continuous 113 keller emerge from he front door and walk to he truck . int . black sedan - traveling - continuous 114 loki drive , tailing keller . he yawn then pop a coffee bean into he mouth . he turn the police radio down and turn on the fm , tuning in a 5as pop song , tapping along , try to stay alert . int . keller 's truck - traveling - continuous 115 keller listen to the everyday Testament while he drive , fast forward , look for something he 's not find , until it eat the tape . ext . liquor store parking lot - continuous 116 keller pull into the parking lot -- ext . liquor store parking lot - continuous 117 keller get out of the truck and start across the parking lot towards the apartment house . int . black sedan - parked - continuous 118 loki pull to the side of the road , watch keller trudge across the parking lot when a truck come up behind he -- loki wave he past , but the truck do not budge , blaring he horn -- ( continued ) prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 61a 118 continued : 118 loki shit . shit shit shit . 120 121 122a 122 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 62 ext . liquor store parking lot - continuous 119 keller hear the truck 's horn blaring . he look over and spot loki 's car . keller freeze . he 's bust ; stand in the middle of a parking lot , nowhere near he truck , about to lead loki to the apartment house . he grimace , think . he look back over he shoulder . the liquor store manager , 38 , be raise the storefront security cage -- keller do a about face , and start walk back , veer towards the liquor store . int . black sedan - parked - continuous 120 loki watch , baffle , as keller walk into the liquor store . omitted 121 ext . parking lot - continuous 122a the freezing rain begin turn to snow . loki 's side mirror reflect car pass as he wait for keller to come out of the liquor store . int . black sedan - parked - moment later 122 loki watch as keller walk from the liquor store , paper bag in hand , make a bee line for loki 's car . loki shake he head ; he can not believe this guy . ( continued ) 122 123 124 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 63 continued : 122 as he approach , keller pull the bottle from the paper bag , unscrew the cap and take a slug ... ext . liquor store parking lot - continuous 123 keller knock on loki 's passenger side window . loki put the window down ... keller why be you follow I ? int . black sedan - parked - continuous 124 loki lean over the seat and open the door . loki sit down . keller take he time , but he do as he 's ask and get in . he sit there and take another long haul of whiskey . loki ( cont 'd ) you have get a bag of lye in you basement that 's half go . and you wife think you have be out help we -- which we both know be not true . keller shake he head in bitter disbelief , breathes out : keller use the lye to bury we dog last year . and help the cop sound better than I have be drive aimlessly in my truck , ' cause I do not know what the fuck else to do . loki be that what you be do on Saturday night ? keller probably . loki I be ask because you assault a man who be now miss . keller I hear . so what happen to he ? ( continued ) prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 64 124 continued : 124 loki I assume the fact you be ask mean you do not know . keller I do not think it be something I could get away with . loki it 's not . keller could not be that he skip town ' cause the asshole be guilty , nah could not be that , ' cause that would be you fault , would not it ? loki where be you go just now ? keller ( raise the bottle ) to get this . loki no , before that . you be walk in the other direction , across the parking lot towards campello Street . keller drink some more , stalling , until : keller I have not have a drink in a long time . I figure if I walk around the parking lot for a while , by the time they open I would stop want it so bad . then I see you , and that sort of help make up my mind . loki stare into keller 's eye , find no apparent trace of falsity , just undeniable sadness . keller offer the bottle to loki . loki shake he head . loki you little girl will need you when she come home , Mr. dover . you and you wife need to take care of yourselves , that 's the best thing you can do for she right now . ( continued ) 124 125 126 127 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 65 continued : ( 2 ) 124 keller thanks for the tip . ( guzzle some whiskey ) I hear kid go for more than a week have half as good a chance of be find . and after a month almost none be . not alive . beat . a heavy quiet ... the fall snow ... loki it have not be a week yet . keller start to get out , but before he close the door -- loki ( cont 'd ) you do not think I be go to let you get behind the wheel of a automobile after you have be drink -- in the middle of a blizzard . let I drive you home . keller I be gonna walk . keller shut the door , and loki watch as he walk off into the white blur of fall snow . ext . the dover ' house - dusk 125 keller trudge up he driveway , completely drunk , half freeze . he toss the now empty bottle of whiskey into a snow drift . int . bedroom - the dover ' house - continuous 126 keller walk in . Grace be pass out in bed . he take he boot off , almost fall over in the process . then he crawl into bed with he clothes on , he bloodshot eye flutter close ... CUT to : int . keller 's dream - bedroom - night - the dover ' house 127 keller open he eye to see anna stand by the side of the bed . he 's too shocked to speak . she hold up a red whistle . ( continued ) 127 128 129 130 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 66 continued : 127 anna look , daddy ! we find it ! we find it ! it be at the bottom of the brewer 's pool ! keller sit up , eye tear , reach for she -- back to : int . bedroom - the dover ' house - morning 128 keller wake up aghast , and still a little drunk . he think for a moment -- stare at the spot where Anna stand in he dream , when suddenly he face go hard with fright -- keller no -- no -- he jump out of bed -- int . den - paul brewer 's house - moment later 129 bill brewer , 8 , stare through a slide glass door at the pool area in he back yard . he 's intently watch something we can not yet see ... bill Mom , there 's a man in we yard . jane brewer , 29 , still in pajamas , coffee in hand , walk up behind Bill -- jane come eat you breakfast , Bill . she look out the glass door , and drop she coffee . jane ( cont 'd ) ( call into the next room ) Paul ! paul ! ext . pool area - paul brewer 's house - continuous 130 Paul , in boot and pajamas , slowly slide open the glass door , frighten eye lock on ... the pool . someone 's drag part of the pool cover off . Paul walk up to the pool 's edge , he wife and son watch through the glass door in the background ... ( continued ) 130 131 132 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 67 continued : 130 baffle , Paul stare down at the expose icy green water when suddenly -- keller burst to the surface , sucking AIR -- Paul almost have a heart attack , back away , eye wide , as keller climb out of the pool , shiver , skin blue -- paul keller ? what the hell be go on ? keller do not answer , he eye look like they be still dream . he lumber away without a word , while Paul and he family watch on in shocked disbelief . Paul take a look in the water to see if he 's miss something . but all he see be a pool full of ice and leave . ext . riverbank - morning 131 we move over the river -- two police boat deploy diver -- search and rescue dog roam the shoreline -- search team move into the adjacent wood ... int . loki 's desk - conyer police station - day 132 loki , stare at he computer screen , perplex . he 's be here all night and look it . he grab he bag of coffee bean -- see it 's empty -- toss it aside -- the captain secretary , 29 , walk by drink coffee . captain secretary you need a shower , loki . ( continued ) 132 133 134 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 68 continued : 132 loki wave she away . on screen : a newspaper article . a picture of keller 's dad . the headline : graterford guard commit suicide in home loki scan the article , eye rest on a address : 234 campello Street , apt 3 he remember something and get up , get he coat on -- ext . liquor store parking lot - day 133 keller walk across the parking lot towards he truck , still park where he leave it the previous day ... and right past it , on to the apartment house ... int . bathroom - second floor apartment - day 134 the cell , the sound of the shower blasting inside . steam rise from the pvc pipe as Jones bang on the inside -- keller turn it off . he look close to tear -- hit he break point ... when he hear something -- Jones mumble something over and over again : jone ...not Alex . I be not Alex . I be not he -- I be not Alex -- hear Jones 's voice give keller a burst of adrenaline -- keller what do you mean ? who be you then ? come on -- talk to I . jone --- I be not he , not he -- Jones 's word fragment into gibberish -- keller punch the outside of the cell -- keller you be he -- this be happen . all you need to do to make it stop be tell I where they be . no response . just a horrible drip sound ... keller take a breath , then : keller ( cont 'd ) do not make I do this anymore . keller reach to turn the water back on , but he can not -- tear crawl down he face as he mouth : I be sorry -- ( continued ) 134 135 136 137 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 68a continued : 134 he kneel down . squeeze he hand together . and after a moment start to mutter what sound like a prayer -- ext . apartment house -— continuous 135 loki 's car pull up in front of the apartment house . he get out and observe the building from the street , consider ... int . bathroom - second floor apartment - day 136 keller stand up -- take a breath , look over at the cell ... ext . apartment house - continuous 137 loki observe the padlock on the front door be hanging unclamped . someone 's inside . he think for a second , then clamp the padlock shut . 138 139 140 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 69 int . bathroom - second floor apartment - moment later 138 keller be about to turn the hot water back on when he hear something outside . he go to the bathroom window , look down into the back alley and see : loki try to remove the board from a low lie window -- keller fuck I . int . stair - continuous 139 keller jump down flight of stair , make a mad dash for ... the front door to the build keller try the door , but loki 's padlocked the outside -- int . first floor apartment —- continuous 140 keller enter , frantic . one of the board cover the window be be pried from the outside -- but it 's still in place , loki have yet to see inside . keller lay he coat out like a blanket and lie down on top of it , pretend he 's be sleep here all night -- loki get the board off the window . he poke he head inside and see keller lie there on the floor . loki climb in . then he walk to keller and toe he rib with he shoe . loki rise and shine . keller open he eye , pretend to look surprised , play up the hangover . loki ( cont 'd ) I know you be head over this way . I be not go to find two little girl in this building be I , Mr. dover ? keller fuck you . loki what about Alex Jones ? ( continued ) 140 141 142 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 70 continued : 140 keller what about he ? I come here to drink . do not want to do it in front of my wife . my father leave I this building . loki consider . loki mind give I the tour ? loki motion to the door . keller breathes out and get up . int . stairwell - apartment house - continuous 141 keller walk up the stair , panic in he eye , loki a few step behind he . loki why do not you tell I about this place ? keller do not think it matter . loki everything matter . int . second floor apartment - apartment house -— 142 continuous keller walk inside the apartment , loki follow , look around , clap he hand a couple time to wake himself up -- keller flinch -- loki all that survival gear in you basement , you know something the rest of we do not ? keller pray for the best . prepare for the worst . loki nod condescendingly . 143 144 145 146 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 71 int . stairwell - apartment house - moment later 143 loki follow keller up the stair to the second floor . keller slow the ascent , desperate , do not know what to do -- loki come on , hurry up -- loki 's phone ring -- ext . parking lot —- discount department store - continuous 144 Jill the check out girl watch as a little junker of a car take off out of the parking lot , she 's out of breath jill ( into the phone ) the guy you be look for be just here . he see I watch he and run . loki ( 0.s. ) ( over the phone ) get he plate ? int . stairwell - apartment house - continuous 145 loki rush past keller up the stair to the second floor as Jill give he the plate ... keller freeze , go out of he mind as he listen to loki 's echoing foot fall ... until they suddenly stop . he's at the door . keller take a breath and bound up the rest of the stair , just in time to see loki disappear into the apartment -- int . second floor apartment —- continuous 146 loki walk inside , hang up he phone and take a quick look , rush , distract . the door to the bathroom be OPEN , but the light be out . Jones be silent and from where loki be stand ... the cell look like just another unfinish wall . loki turn around and rush out -- 147 148 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 72 int . hallway - the apartment house - continuous 147 loki walk out into the hall . keller be wait for he , ready to be bust . but then loki just rush right past he , barrel down the stair -- loki ( 0.s. ) go home , Mr. dover . keller stand there dumbstruck . then he walk to the open apartment door and look inside across the way at the open bathroom door , realize he good luck ... ext . front door - bob taylor's house - day 148 loki push a doorbell and wait . someone 's make a snow angel in the front yard . loki stare at it , lose in think until the door open -- bob taylor hi. the man from the candlelight vigil : bob taylor , 39 . loki give he a big smile , show he he badge . loki why do you run away from I the other night ? bob taylor I have never see you before . you sure you get the right house ? loki you do any shopping at aj sax lately ? bob taylor yeah , why be it a crime to shop there ? ( motion to loki 's suit ) I do not have the money to shop at brook Brothers . loki you buy child clothing . bob taylor do I ? I must have be in a hurry . loki do you have any child ? ( continued ) 148 149 150 a prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 73 continued : 148 Bob pause , slowly shaking he head . bob taylor no ... I do not have anything . loki get he foot in the door jam , start try to push he way in as Bob brace against the door -- int . vestibule - bob taylor 's house - continuous 149 loki shove the door open . he grab Bob , slam he into some shelf knock they down -- then slam Bob face first into the floor , break he nose . loki cuff he hand behind he back and force he to lie on he stomach . loki you nose leave that floor I will shoot you . loki get on he phone as he start check the house 's interior . loki ( cont 'd ) need a rescue unit at 437 Carrol Street -- possible kidnap victim on the premise . loki 's Pov : maze be draw on the wall and cut - out of the carpet ... kitchen there 's something in the kitchen sink : fly buzzing all around it . loki walk to the sink and see some hair ... he look closer , cover he mouth as he step to the sink and look inside . a pig 's head , wear a wig . hallway loki move down the hallway -- stop at a open door . a cluttere room -- a cage full of mouse ... loki continue down the hall , come to a close door . it 's lock -- ext . loki 's sedan - parked / bob 's house - moment later 150a loki throw a cuffed Bob Taylor into the back of he car , slam the door -- pop he trunk , grab a crowbar -- 150b prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 73a int . hallway - bob taylor 's house - moment later 150b loki pries at the lock door with the crowbar -- the wood splinter -- the door pop open , revealing ... a small room . loki 's Pov as the door swing in : stack high against the wall be sixteen heavy duty plastic container -- loki 's jaw drop . he struggle to take one down . it 's heavy , and lock . ( continued ) 150b 150 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 74 continued : 150b loki pry the locked clasp with the crowbar until it break . he flip it open . some bloody kid clothes . therem something moving underneath ... loki reach inside . a snake rise up -- hissing -- loki shit -- fuck -- loki slam it close . loki take a breath , then in a mad blur he take down another container and another , use the crowbar to break the lock clasp , flipping the top open -- more bloody kid 's clothes -- more snake . more plastic container to open -- moment later he 's drip with sweat , surround by open container , snake everywhere . just one to go ... out of breath , loki break the lock and open it ... Inside be a homemade book . scrawle on its cover : if you finish all the maye you can go home int . hallway - police station - day 150 keller sit on a bench . a squealing door open . Franklin burst out , horrify and rush past he down the hall . then Nancy come out in tear , she eye meet keller 's for a moment , stun he -- keller stand up , get freak out . Nancy rush down the hall , sobbing , rush after Franklin . loki stand in the doorway look shake up . loki Mr. dover ? you wife here ? Nancy 's sobbing be still audible , until she exit into the parking lot with Franklin and the door slam behind they . ( continued ) 150 151 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 75 continued : 150 loki ( cont 'd ) Mr. dover ? keller she 's not come . loki nod , consider . loki alright . but if you can not make a positive id ... she 's go to need to come in and take a look at this . int . evidence room - police station - continuous 151 a bang up table cover with evidence bag , all contain different article of bloody child 's clothing . loki watch on as keller stare down at the bag clothes . keller he confess ? he say he kill they ? loki we have hope he be lie -- we do not find any body , but , Mr. dover ... loki be absorb keller 's dread , struggle to continue : loki ( cont 'd ) the birch just positively id have two of this as belong to they daughter . ( beat ) do you recognize anything ? keller look over the bag , he body go cold as he pick one up and look at the shred shirt inside . he gently set it down , relieved . another bag , as he pick it up and inspect a bloody sleeve rip from a little coat . another sigh of relief -- and then as he see what 's beneath it ... a lone sock with a bunny face on it . keller pick it up . his hand be shaking . loki ( cont 'd ) Mr. dover ? ( continued ) 151 152 153 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 76 continued : 151 suddenly keller grab loki and slam he against the wall . keller you waste time -- you waste time follow I ! you let this happen ! loki shove he off . Plays it tough . loki ( bellicose ) I do everything I could . keller keep tell yourself that . keller walk out and slam the door -- loki look down at the bloody sock in the plastic bag . he linger on it guiltily , perhaps imagine how it come to be here ... loki seem to lose himself for a moment , he face go sick ... int . master bedroom - the dover ' house - continuous 152 keller open the door , look in on Grace , pass out in bed . he watch she for a moment , he face like that of some malfunction robot ... int . anna 's room - the dover ' house - day 153 Ralph sit on he sister 's bed in shock , hold he cell phone . he look up as keller walk inside and go to the window . there be two news van park out front . keller do not talk to they . Ralph stand up . ralph eliza tell I they be dead . ( beat ) be it true ? keller do not turn from the window . ( continued ) 153 154 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 77 continued : 153 keller no . ralph but she say they find they -- they bloody clothes . keller swing around , grab Ralph and shake he -- keller do not you tell you mother that . do not you dare tell she that . you understand I ? Ralph 's go rigid , he eye burn into keller 's . keller ( cont 'd ) I want you to listen to I . I need you to stay around the house for the next couple day , make sure she do not see the news -- when the paper come throw it the fuck away . we do not give up on you sister -- I be gonna find she and bring she home . we do not give up on she , you understand ? Ralph 's shake he head , raging -- ralph you be gonna bring she home ? she 's dead , you can not do anything . you leave I and Mom here while you go out and get fuck drunk . you think I can not smell it on you ? keller grab Ralph and slam he into the wall , knock over a dollhouse . he hold he there for a second , until the madness drain out of he visage and he finally let go . Ralph just stand there , hold he ground , jaw clench . keller can not look at he now . he exit . Ralph breathes out . int . observation room - police station - night 154 loki and o’malley watch through the two - way mirror as a shackle and bandage Bob Taylor draw on a large piece of paper with a crayon . he appear to be draw a insanely dense maze . ( continued ) 154 155 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 78 continued : 154 captain richard o'malley how long have he be work on this ...map ? loki look at he watch wearily . loki Three and a half hour . captain richard o'malley you think it 's gonna lead you to the body ? ' Cause I sure as shit do not . loki no offense , Captain , but go fuck yourself . we be not get anywhere question he . o' malley shake he head , move in closer until he nose be against the glass . captain richard o'malley look more like a maze than a map . loki he 's get a thing for maze . o’ malley 's see enough . he go to exit . captain richard o'malley I be go home . call I if something happen . int . hallway - police station - later 155 it 's late . wedge and Carter stand guard outside a close door . loki walk towards they , pop a coffee bean in he mouth . he look like he 's ready to blow . loki open the door . loki unholster he gun and hand it to Carter -- carter Captain say to call he before let anybody in . loki I just talk to he . he say it be fine . but if you want to call and wake he up again , go ahead . ( continued ) 155 156 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 79 continued : 155 wedge and Carter look at each other , then wedge swipe a pass key over a sensor unlock the door with a beep -- int . interrogation room - police station - later 156 loki walk inside and shut the door . Bob be still work on he maze . loki I think it 's do now . loki grab the crayon out of he hand -- loki ( cont 'd ) tell I what I be look at . Bob look conflict , consider , and then : bob taylor I can not . loki grab the back of Bob 's head and smashes he already broken nose into the table -- loki you say you have draw a map , not a fuck puzzle . tell I what I be look at . Bob start to cry -- bob taylor I can not -- loki throw he to the floor -- get on top of he -- loki yes . you can . wedge and Carter burst in , scramble to pull loki off of bob. bob grab wedge 's gun from its holster -- loki ( cont 'd ) he's got you gun -- Carter draw he gun as Bob , shackle , both hand grip the gun , back up against the two way mirror -- carter drop it ! loki Bob , put the gun down . ( continued ) 156 157 158 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 80 continued : 156 Bob bring the gun up to he chin in a quick motion -- loki ( cont 'd ) no ! loki and Carter rush he -- bang -- Bob fall to the floor , dead . loki , wedge and Carter just stand there in shock . int . dandelion animal hospital - night 157 darkness . the front door open , Nancy enter , punch a code into the alarm keypad , key jingling -- she hit the light and rush down a hallway to a supply closet . she fumble through she key with tremble hand , she breath quicken . she get it open , take a breath -- int . second floor apartment —- apartment house - night 158 the close front door to the apartment as someone knock - keller rush out of the bathroom , he heart in he throat as the front door swing open . it 's Nancy birch , clutching a white paper bag . keller breathes out , relieved . she slowly make a bee line for the close bathroom door . keller why be you here ? she open the bathroom door and peer inside . a cold wash over she . nancy I be praying you have end this already . she grimace , think to herself , check something over in she mind . finally she hold up the white paper bag weakly . nancy ( cont 'd ) I get it from work . ( beat ) we use it to -- to put down animal . keller Jesus . just like that , huh ? ( continued ) 158 159 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 81 continued : 158 nancy you start this . you go and take he . get Franklin involved . this be not you decision to make . you and Franklin will go to jail -- I could go to jail . and then what will happen to eliza ? I need to protect what 's leave of my family , keller . ( motion to the bathroom ) he 's beyond help anyway . she shove the bag into keller 's hand , look away and start to cry bitterly . keller they find some clothes -- they have not find the body . I be not give up . I be not have Christmas without my daughter . nancy they have Joy 's bloody pants ina plastic bag for Christ 's sake ! what do you think that mean ? she break down and put she head on he chest , sobbing , hold on to he for dear life . nancy ( cont 'd ) I can hear he -- anytime it 's quiet -- I can hear he try to get out , can smell he on my clothes . you have to make it stop . she step back , wiping the tear from she face , try vainly to calm herself down as she turn and walk to the exit ... nancy ( cont 'd ) and when it 's do , burn this place . the door shut , she 's go . it 's quiet . just keller and the white paper bag in he hand ... int . bathroom - second floor apartment - later 159 keller sit on the floor across from the cell , guzzle whiskey from he coffee thermos . he set down the thermos . pick up the white paper bag , peer inside ... ( continued ) 159 160 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 82 continued : 159 a little white box brand with a skull and crossbone . after a moment he toss the bag aside . pick the thermos back up , take another pull when -- a scratch whisper come from the pvc pipe : jone ( 0.s. ) they be in the maze . keller freeze . his face go dead . jone ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) in the maze . keller what ? ( beat ) what do you say ? jone ( 0.s. ) that 's where you will find they . keller go to the cell , speak into the pvc pipe : keller what maze ? where be it ? how do I get there ? it 's ok , I be gonna get you out of there . just tell I where the maze be . keller wait and wait , the tension building to a excruciate crescendo ... until jone start to laugh . keller , enraged , beat on the cell with he fist , scream : keller ( cont 'd ) tell I ! no response . keller steady himself . keller ( cont 'd ) something 's gonna get to you . int . hallway - police station - night 160 loki be asleep , slump on a bench in the now clamorous hallway . o' malley walk over and give loki 's foot a hard kick -- loki spring awake as Taylor 's corpse be roll out of the adjacent interrogation room . o' malley shove Taylor 's blood spatter maze draw into loki 's hand -- ( continued ) 160 161 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 83 continued : 160 captain richard o'malley he explain this before he eat the bullet ? loki take the draw weakly , shaking he head . loki I be sorry -- captain richard o'malley fuck you be sorry . save it for the girl ' parent . ext . holly jone 's house - day 161 keller ring the bell . listen . he hear someone move around inside , tv 's on -- holly jone ( 0.s. ) just a minute . Holly Jones open the door . keller 's shaky , struggle to act normal . holly jone ( cont ’d ) can I help you ? keller good morning ma'am . I be keller dover . holly jone I be sorry , you be who ? keller my little girl be abduct with she friend -- she recognize he and step back , start to close the door , fear in she eye . holly jone what do you want ? keller I be sorry , I guess I do not think this through too good . I have just be think a lot about what happen with you nephew . I know I scared he that day at the police station . I guess what I be try to say be I feel responsible for he run away . ( continued ) 161 162 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 84 continued : 161 she study he , the act of which seem to be give she a headache . holly jone would you like to come in ? int . kitchen - holly jone ' house - moment later 162 it 's a quaint little nook . keller sit at the table , keep he bandage knuckle out of sight . across from he sit Holly Jones . she drink tea . holly jone my husband and I be very devout at one time . spend we summer , drive around in that rv with we son -- hand out pamphlet , spread the good word . but after we son die of cancer we start see thing differently . adopting Alex help , but we never get over it . keller shake he head sympathetically . holly jone ( cont ’d ) you look very tired . keller I do not sleep much . keep dream about be lose in a maze . keller watch for she reaction to he mention of the word , but she do not react whatsoever . instead there 's a long , awkward silence , until : holly jone I be sorry , Alex never talk much , so I hardly know what to say to people when they come here . keller wait for she to go on , and when she do not . keller he do not talk much ? holly jone he talk . good morning , good night , thing like that , but it 's hard to get much more than that out of he . he have a accident when he be little . after that he start choose he word a little too carefully . ( continued ) 162 163 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 85 continued : 162 keller what kind of accident ? holly jone my husband keep snake . it be not so bad what happen , but Alex have a fear of they , and ... ( she trail off ) it 's not my favorite memory . keller I be sorry , it 's none of my business . holly jone you know you remind I of he a little -- my husband . keller oh ? holly jone it 's the eye . she stare into he eye for a moment , make he noticeably uncomfortable . he look down , see a newspaper on the table : taylor commit suicide , location of body still unknown holly jone ( cont ’d ) you sure you do not want some tea ? she see keller tremble as he slowly swivel the paper around , stare at it in disbelief . holly jone ( cont ’d ) oh God , I be sorry , Mr. dover , I think for sure you know already . I say it 's better this way . that awful man would of spend year on death row -- watch tv and get fat ... but not know where she rest be a horrible thing . I be so so sorry -- keller get up -- int . o’malley 's office - police station - day 163 loki sit in front of o’malley 's desk , look a mess , stare at a photocopy of the maze Bob draw while o'malley pour a glass of whiskey . ( continued ) 163 164 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 86 continued : 163 captain richard o'malley well at least I do not have to worry about lose you to PSP . loki be not listen , move a shaky finger over the maze draw , lose , try to find he way out . captain richard o'malley ( cont 'd ) when forensics be do with he place we be deploy cadaver dog . ( beat ) we be not superhero , kid . we do not save the fuck day . we be cop . Hell 's janitor . you want fulfillment , start a family , have some kid . int . loki 's desk - conyer police station - day 164 loki walk to he desk , stare deliriously at the disarray . he straight - arm everything to the floor , computer monitor and all . no one walk by dare make mention of this . his desk be now bare but for a evidence bag contain Jones ' matchbox rv . he sit down , take the little rv out of the bag and set it on he desk . he give it the tiniest push , watch as it slowly roll off the edge -- he reach down to pick it up when something on the floor catch he eye ... the crime scene photo of the corpse he find in Father Dunn 's basement . a close - up of the pendant the corpse be wear with the maze carve into it . suddenly energize , he pull the photocopy of Bob 's map from he pocket , unfold it and set it on the desk next to the photo of the corpse 's pendant ... they're identical . loki 's astound . his cell phone ring . loki h ( into phone ) yeah ? forensics guy ( 0.s. ) ( over the phone ) we find something . prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 87 165 ext . bob taylor's backyard - day 165 loki walk up behind forensics guy and the rest of he team , all of they stare down at ... what look like two little body , half bury under garden pebble and mulch . but as loki get closer he see it 's : forensics guy two kid size department store mannequin with they head cave in . and I just talk to my lab guy . they be tell I all of the blood we sample from the plastic container be pig 's blood . ( yell to he team get that cover ! it 's suppose to snow soon . come on , hurry up ! 166 int . live room - bob taylor's house - continuous 166 a darken mess of a room with maze draw on the wall and ceiling . forensics guy and loki enter -- forensics guy it 's like he 's playact . case in point , except for the few piece id would by the dover and the birch , all the other kid clothes we find still have the tag on they . and the book of maze -- he make it out of photocopy , picture in this book we find in the attic . ex - FBI agent write it . forensics guy grab a beat - up hardcover off a table . loki ( read the title ) find the invisible man . forensics guy it 's about a theoretical suspect he claim be responsible for numerous child abduction . totally discredite I guess , but I read some of it , kind of interesting . forensics guy flip through the book show loki some full page photograph of the real book of maze . ( continued ) prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 88 166 continued : 166 loki Taylor be abduct when he be a kid , escape after three week . his captor drugge he continuously with a lsd , ketamine cocktail . he have no idea where he would be . they never catch the guy . forensics guy there you go . probably read this book and decide he be take by the invisible man . now he 's do he best imitation . loki do he best imitation . he shot himself last night . forensics guy shake he head . forensics guy how do he do that ? I think he be in custody . loki ignore the question and take a photocopy of Bob 's map out of he pocket . loki Taylor draw this . it be suppose to be a map to the body . we find a corpse last week wear a pendant with the same design on it . forensics guy it 's not a map , it 's the last maze in the maze book . unsolvable . no way out . Corpse be probably just another wannabe who read the book . loki so what be we say ? Taylor be a fake ? this girl could still be alive somewhere ? how do he get he hand on the clothes the parent id would ? forensics guy that I can not reconcile . loki pop a coffee bean in he mouth with a shaking hand , forensics guy watch on , concerned . ( continued ) 166 167 168 169a prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 89 continued : ( 2 ) 166 forensics guy ( cont ’d ) you alright ? loki nod dismissively . forensics guy nod back , do not push he -- have he own fish to fry . forensics guy ( cont ’d ) ( yell to he team if there be window open , get they fuck shut . something occur to loki . he pull out he note pad , flipping through the page , until he come to : in the house ? OPEN window omitted 167 int . joy 's room - the birch ' house - day 168 Joy 's now dead gerbil lie in its habitrail . Nancy stare down at it , something building inside she ... eliza walk up behind she . eliza what be it ? Nancy turn , lose control of herself and smack eliza across the face -- nancy I tell you to feed it ! why do not you feed it ?! eliza stand there in shock . she give she mother a hat look , shake she head in disbelief and rush from the room -- ext . the birch 's house - continuous 169a eliza burst out the front door , start walk down the street towards the dover 's house . Nancy appear in the doorway yell after she -- nancy get back here ! I can not handle this right now ! eliza ignore she , keep walk . Nancy retreat back inside she house and slam the door -- prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 89a 169 int . ralph be room - the dover ' house - moment later 169 Ralph talk on the phone with eliza as he look out he window , watch as loki walk through the bush look for something ... ( continued ) 169 170 171 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 90 continued : 169 ralph ( into phone ) ok , I nil pick you up -- ext . the dover ' house - moment later 170 loki look up at Anna 's window , maybe ten foot from the ground . he look down and notice two deep footprint fill with water -- someone drop hard from the window . he look around think , check the bush ... his eye go wide , as he pick something up . a sock with a rabbit face on it . as he deposit the sock in a little plastic bag he look over to see Ralph come out of the dover ' house with a duffle bag sling over he shoulder . loki ( off Ralph 's look ) just need to check something . Ralph nod curtly and throw the duffle bag in the back of Grace 's compact . he get in the car and pull out of the driveway -- loki watch as Ralph drive down the street -- then stop -- eliza run up to the car . she get inside and they drive off . int . bathroom - second floor apartment - day 171 the picture of Anna and Joy nail to the cell . angle widen to reveal : keller be feeding the head of a big snake into the pvc pipe , hold on to the tail as the rest disappear ... keller feel he ? nothing , and then Jones start thrashing inside the cell , scream . keller yank the snake back out -- ( continued ) 171 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 91 continued : 171 keller ( cont 'd ) it 's go all the way in if you do not start talk . keller bang on the cell -- keller ( cont 'd ) you hear I ? no reply . so keller feed the snake back in ... until jone lets out a screech and the cell start shaking . keller slowly pull the snake back out -- keller ( cont 'd ) last chance . the snake dangle from keller 's hand , curling and uncurl , hissing -- keller ( cont 'd ) talk ! Jones only whimper . so keller feed the snake all the way into the pvc pipe ... and let go -- Jones goe ballistic inside , try to claw he way out -- keller ( cont 'd ) tell I about the God damn maze , asshole ! tell I and I 'il get you out right now . I x11 take you home to you aunt . angle widen to reveal another dozen snake in a cardboard box . keller grab another one . he start feed it into the tube when he hear jone try to say something and yank it back out -- keller press he ear to the tube , but he still can not hear what Jones be say . he grab a claw hammer off the floor ... and start pry off a small panel of wood right where Jones 's head be , until ... Jones 's cadaver - like face be reveal , he mouth be move , but keller still can not hear he ... so he move in closer , put he head inside the cell , until he face be just inch away from Jones 's ... jone there 's no way out . it 's a prison . ( continued ) 171 172 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 92 continued : ( 2 ) 171 keller wait for more . but it soon become apparent that there be no more . Jones have go blank . Jones ' Pov as keller replace the panel of wood and everything goe black : the SOUND of snake hissing , keller hammering -- CUT to : int . a SMALL room —- day 172 Joy open she eye , she 's curl up on the floor , she lip stain purple ... for the rest of this sequence we stay with Joy 's Pov : she see Anna pass out on the floor a few foot away . the window look like they have be cover over with something -- all the furniture have be remove . there 's a homemade book on the floor with a familiar cover : finish all the maye and you can go home . Joy start to stand up -- her vision distorting -- the more she move the more distorted her vision become . she struggle to steady herself -- she vision normalize enough that she can discern the door be ajar ... there 's a knock over 2 - liter bottle of what look like grape-aid on the floor -- its purple content have spill out beneath the crack in the door , alert they captor to the mess . there 's a mop lean against the wall ; someone in the middle of clean up the grape-aid - - whoever it be can be hear in the kitchen use the sink , there 's a tv go somewhere -- Joy start shaking Anna -- get she to wake up -- point to the door . Anna be too out of it to move . Joy pull she up -- help she -- Joy pull Anna out the door -- everything start spin and distorting as they enter the hallway -- Joy blindly feel the wall , move through the morph interior -- Anna start to lag ... then Joy 's hand find a door knob , she look up and see sunlight blast in through the window glass on the top of the door -- a way out . Joy try the knob -- it 's lock . she fumble with the little turn lock on the door knob -- unlock the door -- 173 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 92 a ext . a backyard -— continuous 173 Joy 's drugge Pov -- as she move out the door , Anna right behind she -- the brightness of the outdoors be almost blind -- the sound of someone stomping through the house after they -- the keeper -- they start run across a morph surface of snow and lawn as the keeper give chase ... Joy plow through some hedge into what look like a field , Anna start to lag -- ( continued ) 173 174a 174 175 176 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 93 continued : 173 and then Joy look beside she and Anna be go , scream in the widen distance ... ext . wood - day 174a Joy wander through the wood , lose , exhaust , freezing . ext . busy STREET - day 174 Joys 's Pov : walk along the side of the road as car fly by look like astral comet , the sound of they engine like roaring lions -- CUT to : int . compact car - continuous 175 a woman , 43 , drive , drink coffee , soft rock on the radio . she pass Joy on side of the road , run in the same direction . no coat on . look like she 's in trouble . the woman stop the car , roll down she passenger side window as Joy run past -- woman hey , where 's you mommy ? where you go , hon ? the woman get out of she car and Joy bolt away from she across the street , right into the path of speed van -- the van slam on the brake , screech off the road in a cloud of rubber smoke and slam into a tree . the woman run to Joy and grab hold of she , hugging she writhe form -- int . master bedroom - the dover ' house - day 176 the phone be ringing . it 's dark , the curtain be draw . Grace emerge from the nest of blanket and pick up : grace ( groggy , into phone ) hello ? she listen , sit there in the darkness ... prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 93a 177 int . bathroom - the dover ' house - moment later 177 dirty clothes , wad tissue and prescription bottle crowd the vanity . the sound of Grace run from room to room -- ( continued ) 177 178 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 94 continued : 177 grace ( 0.s. ) keller !? Ralph ?! she come burst into the bathroom and turn on the cold water , splash it on she face -- grace ( cont 'd ) wake up , Grace . gotta wake up now . she accidentally knock a open bottle of xanax into the sink , half the pill spill out into the rush water . she instinctively start rescue pill from the drain . but before long she decide to let they go . she dump out the rest -- hear keller 's truck pull up out front ext . the dover ' house - continuous 178 keller be walk towards the house when Grace come burst out the front door in she nightgown -- put she palsie hand on he -- grace ( frantic ) we need to go to the hospital . they find Joy . she 's alive . they do not -- they do not -- she start sobbing -- keller steadying she . keller what ? what ? she hug he hard , talk into he shoulder : grace not Anna . Joy be alone . Anna be not with she -- keller 's Pov , everything start spin , surreal , a news van head for the birch 's house whoosh by -- grace ( cont 'd ) we need to go see she . maybe she know where Anna be -- keller no , I will go , you stay in case -- ( continued ) 178 179 180 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 95 continued : 178 Grace be not listen , she run around and get in the truck . int . hallway - ST . celestine hospital - day 179 a crowded hallway -- detective chemilinski , franklin be older brother with he wife . keller push through , Grace behind he , wear he coat over she nightgown . a cop stop they -- cop nobody get beyond this point -- Grace rush right past he -- cop ( cont 'd ) miss ! he grab she shoulder . she scream in he face : grace do not touch I ! Grace spot Franklin up the hall walk into a private room . there ! she bolt down the hall , keller right behind she -- cop wait a minute ! int . private room - ST . celestine hospital —- continuous 180 Franklin walk inside . Nancy sit by the bedside hang up she cell phone as two nurse tend to Joy . nancy eliza 's not pick up . before Franklin can answer Grace and keller move inside -- the cop right behind they -- cop you can not be in here . the cop grab keller , start to escort he out . nancy it 's ok , it 's ok -- the cop look at keller and Grace , he demeanor soften as he recognize who they be ... ( continued ) 180 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 96 continued : 180 cop just for a minute -- then you gotta go . the cop exit . Nancy let Grace and keller approach the bed . nancy ( to Grace and keller ) they be gonna find Anna too , I know they be . Grace and keller be not listen , mesmerize by the sight of Joy lie there like some dream come to life . keller squat down by the bed and look Joy in the eye . keller be it far from we street ? Joy ? do it take long to get there ? nurse you can not be do this now . she 's be drugge . the detective will be back in a minute , you need to wait -- grace ( to Joy ) just tell we she 's alive . can you give we a nod -- just nod you head . Joy say nothing . Grace try to hold back tear , look at keller -- Franklin and Nancy stare at they -- when -- Joy slowly reach out and touch keller 's hand -- look like she have only now just recognize he -- it 's dead silent as Joy 's eye meet keller 's . everyone watch , wait , and then she speak : joy you be there . keller 's eye go wide ... keller what ? I be where ? joy it put tape on we mouth . everyone look at keller . he stare off , something building behind he eye ... 181 182 183 184 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 97 int . hallway - ST . celestine hospital - continuous 181 loki walk down the hallway with the uniform cop -- loki look seriously piss -- loki I say nobody 's allow in there but she parent -- up ahead loki see keller walk out of the room . keller 's eye meet loki 's -- then -- keller turn and head in the opposite direction . Grace come out of the room -- grace keller ! loki where 's he go ? loki clock Grace 's expression ; she have no idea . loki look back down the hallway -- the door to the stairwell swinging close behind keller . loki turn and yell down the hallway to the uniform cop -- loki ( cont 'd ) call downstairs ! do not let he leave ! ext . ST . celestine hospital - moment later 182 keller run out of the entrance , book it for he truck -- he hear voice start to erupt behind he -- cop ( 0.s. ) hey ! stop ! int . keller 's truck - parked / traveling - continuous 183 keller get in he truck -- start it up , throw it in gear and drive straight over a grassy median -- a shortcut to the main road -- ext . ST . celestine hospital - continuous 184 back to the entrance as loki burst out and run to he car -- across the way he see keller 's truck screeching off down the road -- loki get in he sedan -- while two other cop run to they cruiser -- 185 186 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 98 int . loki 's sedan - moment later 185 loki start the engine , back out fast -- reverse he car over the grassy median , the car shaking and bump -- then spin out in the main road , oncoming traffic swerving past he -- horn blaring -- he floor it , pick up speed -- loki speed past car after car , then stop at a intersection , craning he head , look every which way -- loki come on -- where the hell do you go ? keller 's truck be nowhere in sight . loki ( cont 'd ) fuck. fuck ! loki think for a moment , block the intersection ... when something occur to he . suddenly electrify he do a screeching u-turn -- look like he know where he 's go -- ext . apartment house - day 186 Grace 's car pull up in front of the apartment house . Ralph get out of the driver 's seat , he open the back door , grab a duffle bag ... eliza get out of the passenger side . her cell phone ring , she check it -- eliza my Mom again . maybe I should call she back -- maybe something happen ? ralph wait until we get inside . I do not want anybody to see we -- she put the phone away and follow Ralph to the rear of the building , try to look inconspicuous . rear of apartment build - continuous a low-lying board window as Ralph remove the board -- ralph ( cont 'd ) my secret entrance . ( continued ) 186 187 188 189 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 99 continued : 186 the board slip from Ralph 's finger -- fall inside the apartment with a bang -- int . the cell - continuous 187 the outside of the cell as the bang sound echoe from below . the sound of Jones move -- he hear they -- int . first floor apartment - apartment house - moment 188 later Ralph and eliza stand in the gut first floor apartment . they look around , the door to the hallway be open -- a sound from above -- a thump . they look up -- another thump . eliza someone 's here . she start back for the open window when Ralph grab she - ralph my father kick people out of here all the time . it 's just a homeless guy . wait here -- I 'il tell he to leave -- Ralph head for the stair -- eliza if you be do this to impress I , it 's not work . ralph I be do it cause I do not want to go back home . do you ? she do not answer , but obviously dread it as much he do -- int . stair —- apartment house - moment later 189 Ralph climb the stair . he look scared . prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 100 190 int . second floor apartment —- apartment house - moment 190 later the moment Ralph walk inside he 's stricken by something . he toe a whiskey bottle with he sneaker ... another thump it 's come from the open bathroom door ... ralph hey . you be trespasp . get out of here or I be gonna call the cop . Ralph step closer to the open door -- confuse -- do not look like there 's anyone inside . but then he see the cell ... the picture of anna and joy nail to the outside , stare at he . 191 int . first floor apartment - continuous 191 eliza , wait nervously when Ralph yell down to she -- ralph ( 0.s. ) eliza ! eliza , get up here ! 192 int . bathroom - second floor apartment - continuous 192 Ralph , hold the cell phone to he ear with a shaking hand . 911 operator ( 0.s. ) ( over the phone ) 911 emergency . what be you location ? eliza enter behind he -- see the picture , go white - eliza what be this -- ralph ( into the phone ) two thirty four campello Street . my sister -- thump -- from inside the cell . eliza oh my God . Ralph close he eye , he breath get away from he -- ( continued ) 192 193 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 101 continued : 192 ralph ( into the phone ) I think I find my sister -- Anna dover -— - 911 operator ( 0.s. ) ( over the phone ) just stay calm we will have someone out there in a couple minute . I want you to stay on the line with I -- thump -- Ralph drop the phone . he start move he palsie hand over the wood , search for a way to break inside . ralph help I . come on . she shake she head . eliza I can not . I can not . ralph yeah you can , come on . she nod , tear stream down she horrify face . Ralph speak into the tube . ralph ( cont 'd ) it 's ok , we be get you out -- we be get you both out of there . can you hear I ? eliza join Ralph , try to pull at the seam of the wood -- together they pull at a panel of wood . it start break away as nail clink on the floor ... eliza and Ralph stand back , horrify ... ext . apartment house -— continuous 193 loki 's sedan screech to a halt -- he get out -- hear eliza scream inside . he start for the front door when he see the padlock and change course -- loki run around to the back of the building -- head for the window he use to get inside earlier -- 194 195 196 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 102 int . stair - the apartment house - moment later 194 loki 's Pov as he run up the stair -- see Ralph and eliza come down the stair towards he -- loki what be it ? he see the shock in they face , they can not speak -- he rush past they -- int . second floor hallway - apartment house - continuous 195 loki 's Pov as he get to the top of the stair , gun at the ready -- move down the hallway towards the open door of the apartment ... he arrive at the open door , look inside . his face drop ... he lower he gun ... CUT to : ext . front door - holly jone ' house - night 196 keller ring the doorbell . angle widen -- he 's stand at the door , hold a duffle bag ... holly jone ( 0.s. ) just a minute . Holly Jones open the door look a little out of breath . she 's now hold a big ice pack around she hand . holly jone ( cont ’d ) hello again . keller hello . I be -- I be hope you would let I do some penance . she look a little baffle . holly jone for what ? keller for scare you that day at the police station . she nod , regain she poker face . ( continued ) 196 197 198 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 103 continued : 196 holly jone you have already apologize for that . keller I know , but I think you might need something fix up around the house ? bring my tool . she eye he bag . holly jone oh . I see . ( motion to she ice pack ) I burn myself . feeling a little icky today . ( beat ) but I be glad you want to talk some more . there 's no need to make excuse . come in , you can make I some tea . int . vestibule - holly jone 's house - night 197 Jones 's aunt show keller inside and close the door , turn she back to he as she walk to the kitchen . keller linger in the vestibule , watch she , consider ... holly jone what be you wait for , Mr. dover ? he stop , look catch . keller what ? holly jone come on in and make I some tea . int . kitchen - holly jone ' house - night 198 keller turn on the faucet , fill the tea kettle with water . he turn on the gas fuel stove burner . he stare down into the little blue flame -- keller I do not want to have to hurt you . I know they be here -- ( continued ) 198 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 104 continued : 198 he turn around to see the ice pack fall from she hand , revealing a .38 revolver . she stand up , gun levele at keller 's head . holly jone put you hand on you head and turn around . keller do not move . keller I be just gonna go . holly jone you do not know I , Mr. dover . believe I when I tell you I will not let you go . keller consider , watch she . her eye do not waver . her hand do not shake ... he put he hand on he head and turn around . she move in and lift the back of he coat . there 's a pistol tuck into the back of he waistband . she grab it out and toss it into a nearby wastebasket . holly jone ( cont ’d ) good . now , right in front of you . the top drawer . open it . keller take a breath , and open the drawer ... Inside be a rusted old pair of handcuffs . holly jone ( cont ’d ) put they on . keller do not move . holly jone ( cont ’d ) put they on . keller take he time pick up the handcuffs , observe they corrode condition . he clamp they on he wrist . keeping the gun on he she open the refrigerator and take out a 2 liter bottle fill with the lace grape-aid . holly jone ( cont ’d ) you do not have to drink the whole thing . about a third should be fine for a man you size . something to keep you manageable . ( more ) ( continued ) prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 105 198 continued : ( 2 ) 198 holly jone ( cont ’d ) even in handcuffs I have a feel you be go to be a problem . keller forget it . holly jone drink it , Mr. dover , or I ’1l1 kill you right here in my kitchen , and then I will bring you daughter in and make she scrub you brain off the floor . he lunge towards she -- keller where be she ?! she cock the .38 . he stop , tremble , ready to throw up , look for something to grab , something to duck behind -- but there 's nothing . he breathes out , manic ... and grab the bottle . and drink , hat eye on she all the while . a third of it go , he set it back on the table , grimace , wiping he purple lip . holly jone good , be not it . it 's my husband 's recipe . now we be go out the back -- a ring tone stop they both . keller look down at he coat pocket as he cell phone continue to ring -- holly jone ( cont ’d ) take it out of you pocket . do not answer it . with a little trouble due to he shackle hand , keller pull out he ringing cell phone . the caller id display : grace holly jone ( cont ’d ) put it in the sink . keller do as he 's tell , then : holly jone ( cont ’d ) and you car key -- on the table . keller pull he key from he pocket , drop they on the table . ( continued ) 198 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 105a continued : ( 3 ) 198 Holly motion for he to move aside . she pocket he key , then go to the sink and push the phone down the garbage disposal . it 's still ringing when -- she turn on the disposal -- the SOUND of metal grinding - 199 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 106 ext . back yard - holly jone 's house - night 199 keller , hand cuffed in front of he , exit the house through the back door with Holly Jones follow , pistol in hand . holly jone walk to the car . she direct he to the old tran be park on the grass . holly jone ( cont ’d ) the look on you face when I open the door -- my husband have that very same look the day we take Alex . ( beat ) he be the first kid we ever take . his real name be Jimmy or Barry -- I can not remember . I doubt he can either . so many name . I forget all about Bobby until I read about he in the paper . he never forget we though -- neither will you neighbor 's bitch daughter . they never really get away , they mind I mean . make child disappear be how we wage war with God . make people lose they faith . breed demon like you . I have have to slow down since my husband disappear , but I do what I can . keller continue on , woozy . they arrive at the tran be . she open the driver 's side door . holly jone ( cont ’d ) get in . keller get behind the wheel . the key be in the ignition . the key chain be a upside down cross . stand inside the open car door , Holly Jones put the gun to keller 's head . holly jone ( cont ’d ) start the car . keller turn the key . the engine cough -- holly jone ( cont ’d ) keep try . ( continued ) 199 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 107 continued : 199 he keep try , while stare through the dirty windshield , maybe plan a escape route ... holly jone ( cont ’d ) you should know Alex do not lay a hand on the girl , just want to give they a ride in the rv . I be the one who decide they should stay . guilt crease he forehead , keller start to look a little sick . the engine finally turn over -- it 's loud . holly jone ( cont ’d ) ( yell over the engine ) put it in reverse . back up . slowly . keller shift into reverse and the car start to inch backwards . Holly Jones walk close beside it , keep the gun press to keller 's head . holly jone ( cont ’d ) stop . keller stop the car , stare straight ahead . holly jone ( cont ’d ) turn it off . he hesitates for a moment , perhaps weigh he option . she start to push the gun barrel into he ear . holly jone ( cont ’d ) turn it off . he cut the engine . holly jone ( cont ’d ) out . keller step out of the car , teeter , start to lose he equilibrium . he see the car be cover a big door - size piece of plywood lie flat on the ground . holly jone ( cont ’d ) go ahead , take a look . maybe you daughter be underneath . you never know . frantic , keller drag the plywood aside . but when he see what 's beneath it , the verve just drain from he body ... ( continued ) 199 200 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 108 continued : ( 2 ) 199 it 's a grave - like hole in the ground , maybe twelve foot deep . holly jone ( cont ’d ) I hide the girl here before the police come to search the house . should have leave they down there , but I want they to last for at least a few week . so lonely without Alex . ( beat ) now get in . keller you want I to get in there , you be gonna have to shoot I . I be not do it just ' cause you ask -- bang . she fire a shot into keller 's thigh . he stumble -- the soil crumble out from under he and he fall ... int . the hole - continuous 200 keller land hard , blood bubbling from the gunshot wound in he thigh . keller 's Pov , stare straight up : Holly Jones stare down . holly jone make yourself a tourniquet . if you can manage to stem the bleed you might last as long as twenty - four hour . I would love for you to still be alive when I dump you daughter 's body down there . she start drag the board back over the hole ... keller try to get up , gritting he tooth , and then he see it : anna's red whistle lie a few foot away from bue as he reach for it -- everything goe black ... the SOUND of the tran am starting up and rolling over the cover hole ... 201 202a 202b 202 203 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 109 ext . back yard - holly jone 's house - continuous 201 Holly Jones cut the engine and get out of the car . as she walk back to the house it start to snow ... ext . gun hill road - moment later 202a Holly get in keller 's truck and start it up . she drive it into the backyard , out of sight ... int . private room - ST . celestine hospital - night 202b Joy lie sleep in she hospital bed , Nancy and Franklin on either side of she , watch the tv : shaky news footage of the apartment house , as Jones be load into the ambulance ... a reporter stare into the camera , the commotion to he back . reporter while police have not release any official statement yet , several source maintain that Jones have be hold captive for the last five day in the apartment building right behind I here . Nancy and Franklin look at each other in silence ... int . den —- holly jone 's house - night 202 Holly Jones stand in the entranceway watch the same news report on she tv . reporter ( 0.s. ) we have also just learn that the building might be own , in some capacity by Anna dover 's father ... she exude a rage that seem ten size too big for she body ... ext . holly jone ' house - night 203 the light in the window go out one by one -- 204 205 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 109 a int . kitchen - holly jone ' house - continuous 204 Holly Jones hoist keller 's duffle bag up off the floor and set it on the kitchen table . she unzip it and start empty the content on to the table : rope , the rifle , duct tape , the white bag Nancy give keller . she look inside the bag ... the white BOX with the skull and crossbone , a syringe ... int . bathroom - second floor apartment —- continuous 205 loki and forensisc guy stare at the empty cell , completely befuddle , as be the rest of the cop and forensics tech move in and out . 206 207 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 110 int . second floor apartment —- continuous 206 loki walk out of the bathroom . o’ malley be there , finish give order to a uniformed cop . captain richard o'malley ... with a camera get within twenty foot of that room , you be fire . ( to loki ) come here . he usher loki out of the rest of the cop 's earshot . loki look completely deflate , lose . loki I be gonna find dover -- captain richard o'malley no you be not . Holly Jones need to be notify . go , now . int . the hole - continuous 207 darkness -- as keller flick a lighter , the quivering flame illuminate he face . he look up ... climb out might not be a option . he look down at he hand . the rusted chain connect the handcuffs break in the fall . he move the flame around illuminate two rusted child 's bicycle , several empty plastic 2 liter bottle ... a old dirt encrust child 's sneaker ... he reel , lose he breath , let the flame go out . he reach up , dig he hand in the wall and start try to climb out ... after a few foot the dirt crumble like dry cake and he slide back down . he flick the lighter again , look up at the dirt wall ... spy a loop of tree root protrude out . he try to grab it , but it 's just out of reach ... he grab the child 's bicycle , stack they against the dirt wall -- he 's able to step up on they , give hima little more height , he reach up ... grab hold of the loop of tree root -- he pull himself up -- reach he other hand up , grab at the lip of the hole -- 208 209 210 211 212 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 111 int . black sedan - traveling - night 208 loki pull up in front of Holly Jones 's house . he turn off the engine -- int . a room - holly jone ' house - continuous 209 anna lie on the floor , asleep . the SOUND of the deadbolt lock tumbling . she start to wake up ... the door start to open -- when the doorbell ring -- ext . front door - holly jone ' house - continuous 210 loki ring the door bell again and wait ... ext . under the tran am - continuous 211 keller 's finger peek out from under the sheet of plywood as he manage to push it off center , give he enough space to climb out ... keller grab hold of one of the tran be 's underside pipe -- the pipe break -- oil sprays in keller 's face as he grab hold of another pipe , and pull himself up and out ... keller crawl out from under the tran be . he lean against the car , blacken with dirt and motor oil , suck air ... ext . front door - holly jone ' house - continuous 212 loki start back down the walkway -- as he 's walk he glance back over he shoulder -- give the house a last look and notice something ... a curtain sway ever so slightly -- like someone be just peek out at he . loki stop , turn around and walk back to the front door . he stand there , listen ... hear what sound like someone move around inside -- loki miss Jones ? you in there ? then loki hear something else -- it 's faint and brief -- sound like someone cry out -- prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 111a 213 omitted 213 214 omitted 214 215 216 217 218 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 112 omitted int . vestibule - holly jone 's house - continuous loki open the front door and move inside , key up -- int . back door - holly jone ' house - continuous the back door open . keller creep inside , he oil slicked form almost invisible in the gloom ... int . live room - holly jone ' house - continuous loki move inside . nobody there . he go to leave when he eye catch a frame photo , bask in moonlight : Holly Jones 's husband wear a unsettle smile , shirtless , revealing he 's wear the familiar maze pendant . he’s the corpse loki found in dunn 's basement . something's knocked over in the adjacent kitchen . loki snap back to attention , eye darting , move now ... 215 216 217 218 219 220 221 222 223 224 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 113 int . kitchen - holly jone ' house - continuous 219 loki 's Pov as he enter the kitchen : keller 's duffle bag on the kitchen table . the open box with the skull and crossbone : poison ! fast act , humane ... int . hallway - holly jone ' house - continuous 220 keller , move into the hallway , hold he breath , back to the wall . he open a door and look in at ... a room stuff with old furniture and junk ... he move on to the next . the close door with the deadbolt on the outside ... he turn the lock , brace himself ... int . a room - holly jone ' house - continuous 221 keller open the door to see Anna huddle in the corner . he walk towards she , eye tear , breath quicken ... int . hallway - holly jone ' house - continuous 222 loki approach the same room , then stop , see a shadow on the wall , a figure , loom over Anna 's shadow ... loki take a breath , gun at the ready , inching towards the doorway ... int . a room - holly jone ' house - continuous 223 keller , Anna in he arm now , rush for the door -- when it slam in he face and they be throw into darkness -- back to : int . the hole - continuous 224 blackness ... the click of keller 's mini-maglight , shine up under he chin . his face , sea-sick , blink , rub he eye , see : ( continued ) 224 225 226 227 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 114 continued : 224 dirt wall , the two rusted bike , all of it distorting . the lace grape-aid . his escape be a hallucination . he's still in the hole . ext . back yard - holly jone 's house - continuous 225 the tran be . we hear keller scream beneath it ever so faintly ... int . a room - holly jone ' house - continuous 226 loki walk into the doorway , gun outstretch , eye focus : the shadow be not keller -- it 's Holly Jones , now squatting beside Anna , she back to loki , start to inject the poison into she arm . loki stop -- put it down -- she pull out the half - emptied syringe and drop it to the floor . then she back still to he , she straighten up . holly jone make sure they cremate I . I do not want to be bury in some box . loki turn around -- show I you hand — Holly Jones pull the .38 from the front of she pants , swing around and fire at the same time loki do -- she graze loki 's face right over he eye . loki hit her square in the forehead . she collapse , dead . blood pour from he forehead , loki pick up Anna , now semi-unconscious -- gritting he tooth -- ext . holly jone 's house - continuous 227 loki burst out the front door with Anna in he arm , blood run down he face -- he get she in the back of he car . he rush around , get behind the wheel -- start the car and gun it -- 228 229a 229b 229c 229d 229e 229f prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 115 int . black sedan - traveling - continuous 228 loki doe sixty through falling snow , blood in he eye , drive down a country road , engine roaring -- ext . country road - continuous 229a loki 's sedan speed through the blur of fall white -- int . black sedan - traveling - continuous 229b anna be starting to convulse in the back seat --— loki almost there , almost there . stay with I , Anna , stay with I -- ( under he breath ) do not die do not die -- loki 's Pov -- he 's come up on a intersection now -- red light -- ext . country road / intersection - continuous 229c loki leans on he horn and blast through the red light --— a car just miss he and careen off the road -— — loki turn on to a highway on - ramp -- there 's traffic up ahead -- but he do not slow down -- int . black sedan - traveling - continuous 229d loki veer on to the highway 's shoulder , squeezing past slow move car , bounce over the craggy ground -- ext . highway - continuous 229e loki swerve on to a exit ramp -- skid through the turn -- int . black sedan - traveling - continuous 229f loki 's Pov -- Anna in the rearview , she convulse get worse -- prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 115a 229g ext . MAIN road - continuous 229g loki tear down a straightaway -- scrolling strip mall light , fall snow -- 229h int . black sedan - traveling - continuous 229h loki peer back at Anna -- loki stay with I , Anna , we be almost there -- ( under he breath ) do not die . please , God , do not let she die -- he see the traffic be stop up ahead -- he turn off , cut through a strip mall parking lot -- loki 's Pov as he drive faster -- the light and fall snow become disorient -- prismatic -- 2291 ext . strip mall - continuous 2291 loki 's sedan blast out of the strip mall parking lot , make a hard , skid turn -- 2297 int . black sedan - traveling - continuous 2297 loki 's Pov -- on a straightaway now ... the illuminate hospital sign come into view -- 229 ext . ST . celestine hospital - emergency entrance — 229 moment later loki 's car roll up on the curb , the front bumper inch from take out a shocked old man in a wheel chair . loki burst out of the car , open the back door , grab Anna out -- ( continued ) 229 230 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 116 continued : 229 he carry she , blood gush down he face , walk through the double door -- scream : loki police officer -- I need help ! int . hospital room - ST . celestine hospital - day 230 a patient lie in he hospital bed , he face obscure by the newspaper he 's read : barry milland aka alex jone reunited with family after 27 year a picture of Jones in the hospital , he beard shave off , revealing a previously hide resemblance to the photo of he at seven year old . below that be another headline : still missing a picture of keller . the patient fold up the paper . it 's loki , oxygen tube in he nostril , bandage over he wound . someone approach he bedside ... it 's Grace push Anna in a wheelchair . Anna be dress in hospital pajamas , remnant of shock still clouding she eye . loki hello . she do not answer . grace she 's do real good -- be on she foot in a few day . behind they be Nancy and Joy . Grace seem possess of some newfound strength , while Nancy seem withere and shaky . grace ( cont 'd ) I hope we be not intrude . Anna want to see she hero . Anna stare at loki , unable to speak . he offer she he hand , notice she 's wear a red whistle around she neck . she shake he hand , regard he like a apparition . and while she do loki look over at Nancy , pick up on the guilt that 's underlying she expression . she sense he read she and look away -- ( continued ) prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 116a 230 continued : 230 loki 's gaze move on to Joy . there 's a unsettle darkness in she eye . grace ( cont 'd ) ok -- ( continued ) 230 231 232 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 117 continued : ( 2 ) 230 grace ( cont 'd ) ( to Nancy ) will you give I a minute ? Nancy nod , push Anna towards the exit -- Joy follow they out -- nancy say goodbye girl . with whisper voice : anna joy bye . bye . Nancy leave with the girl ... int . hallway - ST . celestine hospital 231 Nancy walk out with the girl . eliza be there , Ralph by she side . Franklin be there too . Nancy look at he , implore he with a silent plea -- a plea Franklin look to be struggle against ... Franklin suddenly break Nancy 's gaze -- walk to a uniform cop post at the end of the hall ... int . hospital room - ST . celestine hospital - continuous 232 Grace stand by loki 's bedside . loki she find she whistle . grace no . she keep insist Joy help she find it on Thanksgiving before they be take , but I think she 's just confuse ... I get she a new one . ( beat ) he have not contact I . I know you do not believe I , but he have not . loki I believe you . grace do you think you be go to find he ? ( continued ) prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 117a 232 continued : 232 loki yes . ( continued ) 232 233 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 118 continued : ( 2 ) 232 grace they 's 11 send he to jail ? loki probably . beat . grace I miss he . loki nod , not sure what to say to that . grace ( cont 'd ) he do what he have to do for Anna . and I thank God that he do . loki do not answer , the two of they share the silence , until : grace ( cont 'd ) he 's a good man . and with that she abruptly walk out ... loki pick the newspaper back up . he look at the picture of keller ... ext . back yard - holly jone 's house - night 233 it 's the middle of the night . the sound of generator humming , power industrial spot light , illuminate the back yard as snow fall . the tran be have not be move . the seat have be rip out , lie next to the car . closer to the house , two tired look forensic tech , late twenty , kneel on the ground scraping at the freeze soil -- they have a radio on , work to classical music - the back door open and out walk loki , head bandage . he look break , leave the hospital too early . he survey the backyard . loki find anything ? tech 1 hold up a plastic bag . Inside be a freeze , partially decompose snake . ( continued ) 233 prisoner - full pink script - 1/17/13 119 continued : 233 tech 1 just this so far . Ground 's freeze solid . it 's gonna take we week to excavate the whole property . loki survey the yard for a moment with a weary expression . loki pray for the best . prepare for the worst . finish for the night , tech 1 shut off the spotlight , and with a loud click clack the back yard go dark . tech 2 shut off the radio and follow he cohort into the house . loki hang back . it 's dead quiet now . loki walk around the yard . he take a closer look at the tran be , stare into its gut interior , think ... he walk back towards the house , look bother by something , he mind grind gear ... he take a last look at the moonlit yard , then turn around about to enter the house -- when he hear something ... it 's very faint , but almost sound like a whistle . loki turn around . could have be the wind , but ... there it be again . it 's come from the tran be . loki walk through the snow to the tran be , dread blossoming in he eye . he hear the whistle again and pick up the pace , almost there as we -- fade to black . the end