private life written by tamara Jenkins int . bedroom - night rachel biegler , early forty , lie half - naked on she side , surround by sheet and pillow . her head rest on a arm as she stare into space , think . Rachel 's underpant be the kind you would find in a twelve - pack : moss green cotton bikinis with lot of little flower . the elastic waistband be separate in one spot . man be you ready ? ( 0.8 . ) rachel uh-huh . yeah . Rachel fluff up a pillow and plant she face in it . ( muffle ) I be ready . man alrightie ... ( 0.8 . ) like a sun rise over forty , in boxer and curve of Rachel 's hip . and after a consider a mountain , richard grime , mid - a fade T-shirt , appear above the he sit up on he knee behind she pause , pull Rachel 's underwear down . richard just breathe , okay ? ( a beat ) be you breathe ? rachel ( muffle and annoyed ) yes ! gol richard okay . Richard lay one hand on she haunch and with the other raise a syringe with a large needle . he nervously take aim -- one ... two ... three . -- and spear the needle into he wife 's flesh . rachel owww ! fuck ! Richard ! richard rachel ( cont 'd ) what ?! that fuck hurt ! richard I be sorry , I be sorry . Richard 's hand tremble as he pull the plunger back to check for blood . there be none , so he push the plunger down . richard ( cont 'd ) almost do . almost do . almost do . done . Richard pull out the needle ; Rachel look at she hip . rachel I think you hit a nerve . still hold the syringe , Richard use he tooth to open a SMALL foil envelope , cause he to slur -- richard uhm shorry , honey . I do ekshactly what the nursh tell I to do . he spit out the tear - off strip , remove a alcohol pad and press it over the injection site just as two rescue dog , eno and lazlo , click into the room and hop up on the bed . rachel ( point ) be not it suppose to be more like here ? richard nope . Upper outer quadrant . rachel then why do it hurt like that ? nobody on the message board say it 's suppose to hurt like that . richard I do not know , rache . it 's a bigger needle . maybe you have a lower pain threshold than most people . I do not know . I be not a doctor . remember ? Rachel watch Richard as he climb off the bed and drop the use syringe in a plastic water bottle that already contain a dozen other . this new , larger one , land with a dull clunk . rachel be you mad at I ? richard no. I be not mad . I be just ... whatever . I do not know . tire . Richard pick up something from a nearby bureau and offer it to Rachel : it 's a bag of frozen peas . husband and wife regard each other for a odd moment , then Rachel take the peas , place they on she aching ass and Richard leave . CUT to black . under black , a card - — — 36 hour later int . large clinic waiting room - day a big , bright modern space with large window . at 7:15 a.m. it 's already pack with ( mostly white ) woman in they late 30 and early 40s . some be accompany by husband . some be alone . there be several hasidic couple . one lesbian couple . among this crowd be Rachel and Richard . superimpose -— the retrieval Richard do the crossword puzzle while Rachel sit with a unread magazine on she lap , furtively observe she fellow patient , include -- a tense woman , dress for work , tapping she blackberry . Rachel 's eye float down to the woman 's handsome leather pump with gold buckle , then Rachel examine she own shoe : old sauconys in dingy yellow . ding ! the elevator arrive and Rachel watch as a single woman step out , wheeling a cryogenic tank . the woman scan the room for a empty seat . there be none , so she just stand there , strand with she tank of freeze sperm . with the swoosh of a door , a nurse emerge and everyone look up expectantly . nurse Rachel ? Rachel rise , hold she coat , scarf and purse in a awkward heap as the magazine drop to the floor . int . changing room - day a wedding band , watch and necklace be place one at a time on a Formica surface next to cellophane wrapped hospital garment . wider show Rachel in she underwear and sock as she unscrew a earring . we notice a chain of purple injection bruise above she panty line as she look around the sterile room , wonder how she end up here . int . locker area - day Rachel stuff she parka , purse and clothes into a tiny locker . admitting nurse ( pre - lap ) this be you consent form . int . administrative area - day Richard stand at a desk as a admitting nurse present he with various document . admitting nurse both partner signature be require on the second page . this be we policy regard embryo storage . the fee schedule be on the back . you both need to initial each paragraph then sign here . she fasten the document onto a clipboard and hand it to he . as Richard turn to go -- and this be for you . she disappear behind the desk and reappear with a plastic bag contain a specimen cup . instruction be inside . Richard take the cup and smile awkwardly . rachel ( 0.s. ) there you be ! Richard turn to see Rachel approach in a hospital gown , paper shower cap and she locker key dangle from she wrist . she seem anxious . richard what 's wrong ? rachel nothing . it 's fuck freezing in here . Richard put a arm around she and rub she shoulder . richard shhh. relax . do not obsess . rachel I be not obsess . I be cold . he guide she into -- int . the gowned waiting area - continuous -- and they sit down among several other couple . richard ( hand she the clipboard ) you need to sign this . as Rachel begin examine the papers , she mumble to herself . rachel oh , my god . what be we do ? be we really do this ? be we insane ? richard we be not insane . we be normal . Richard fold back the papers and point out a signature line . rachel ( signing ) this be not normal . this be the opposite of normal . I be not sure if it 's even ethical . remember what marty say ? '' have a baby be a immoral act . '' richard marty 's a idiot . rachel '' overpopulation , climate change ... Richard notice a nearby couple give they look . ... the rise of neo-fascism -- '' richard do you take you valium ? rachel yes . why ? nurse # 2 ( 0.s. ) Ms. biegler ? Rachel turn to see a nurse stand a few foot away . Rachel signal that she will be right there , then turn back to Richard . rachel okay , I guess we be do this . richard do not be scared , okay ? you be gonna do great . all we need be one good egg , right ? move by she husband 's optimism , Rachel smile and nod . rachel you , too honey . do not be scared . you be gonna do great . Richard smile feebly and raise he specimen cup . Rachel chortle quietly . I love you . richard I love you , too . they kiss . as Richard watch he wife be lead off to surgery , we hear the incongruent SOUND of grunting and moaning . CUT to : a naked woman on all four with giant fake breast be drill from behind by a steroid - enhanced man . he grunt ; she moan . wider reveal that we be watch the action on a wall - mount video monitor in -- int . '' collection '' room - day Richard sit with he pants around he ankle and the empty specimen cup in he hand , stare at the screen with a look of profound despair . unable to bear another moment , he aim the remote and press stop , but the horror show continue . Richard try another button , but the moan and grunt just get louder . desperate , he shake the remote and two batteries fall out , roll across the floor . with he pants still around he ankle , Richard stand and shuffles to the monitor . a large sheet of sanitary paper be stick to he ass and crinkle loudly . click , he switch off the monitor . silence at last . then -- anesthesiologist ( pre - lap ) my eight year old come to work one day ... int . operating room - day the anesthesiologist hover over the camera . anesthesiologist ..-- to see what I do . you know , '' take you daughter to work Day . '' reverse , Rachel be look up from a surgical table as the anesthesiologist ramble on , inject she with a sedative . she say it be the most boring job in the world . all I do all day be put people to sleep . Rachel smile politely as she eye drift shut and we -- fade to black . under black , hushed voice speak in a foreign tongue . Hebrew ? int . recovery area - day we OPEN our eye to see -- a blurry hasidic man in a dark suit stand next to he wife 's bed , talk to she . he wear a hat ; she wear a wig . angle on bleary -eyed rachel -- observe she exotic neighbor as she wake up . Rachel get up on she elbow and look around to find that all the woman in the surround bed have be join by they husband or partner . she call to a pass nurse . rachel ( groggy , weak ) Excuse I ... ( louder ) ma ’am ? nurse ? the nurse finally hear Rachel and go to she . where 's my husband ? nurse you birth partner have not join you ? Rachel shake she head . the nurse refer to she paperwork . rachel he 's my husband . nurse Excuse I ? rachel nurse ( cont 'd ) my birth partner ... he 's ... ( mispronounce as my husband . '' grime '' ) not that that matter , it 's Mr. grime ? just ... rachel ( correct '' grime '' ) grime . yes. Richard grime . Rachel notice a flicker of concern on the nurse 's face as she read something on the clipboard . nurse you ’1ll need to speak to a doctor. ( walk away ) let I go find someone . rachel be something wrong ? nurse it 's all be just a moment . rachel ( mount panic ) why can not you just tell I ? hello ! the nurse disappear . fuck ! Rachel 's eye land on she hasidic neighbor who regard she with flat stare . she smile , but they face remain expressionless . female doctor ( 0.s. ) there be not any sperm . Rachel turn to discover a female doctor at the foot of she bed . pause . rachel ( puzzle ) Excuse I ... female doctor you husband do not have any sperm . rachel wait . you mean , like ... he could not ... do it ? female doctor no . he produce . and there be semen , but no sperm . ( off Rachel 's bewilderment ) Dr. dordick will have to give you the detail . the doctor leave and Rachel discover Richard across the room look at she with a defeat smile . later -- dr . dordick ( 60 ) , silver - haire and handsome in he scrub , stand at Rachel 's bed side and speak to we beleaguere couple while draw a diagram of the male reproductive system on a file folder . dordick think of it like a soda machine . either one of you ever work in a movie theater ? the seltzer come from one place . ( point with he pen ) the syrup come from someplace else . together they make Mountain Dew or diet Coke or what have you . but if the pipe get ... clogge ... ( draw a X ) .+- you do not get Mountain Dew . you just get ... seltzer . Richard be probably block . rachel mentally ? like psychosomatic ? richard no . not mentally . physically . like what he 's just be talk about with the soda machine . rachel right . sorry . dordick I just get off the phone with a buddy of mine . a urologist . Joel Fisher . he 's a expert on this . he 's write a book about it . dordick pull out a xeroxed article from New York Magazine and hand it to Richard . the title be : male menopause richard oh , my god . that 's so depress . dordick do not be depressed , Rich . base on everything that I tell he , he 's confident that you have get sperm in there . the trick be get it out . now , there 's a procedure for it . and Fisher be definitely the man for the job . it 's call ... ( pronounce '' tessy '' ) tese . testicular sperm extraction . 10 dordick hand Richard a information sheet on the procedure . richard ( under he breath ) oh , my god . dordick it 's not as bad as it sound . rachel you know he only have one testicle , right ? Richard look at Rachel , incredulous . what ? he need to know . richard I realize that . ( sigh , then to dordick . ) I only have one testicle . dordick I see the note in you file and I fill Fisher in . he do not anticipate a problem . ( point with he pen ) what he 'il do be avoid the vas deferen and go right to the source by do a testicular biopsy . rachel like for cancer ? richard no , Rachel . not cancer . I do not have cancer . I have block sperm ! rachel sorry . he say biopsy . dordick the thing be if we do tesse , we will have to follow up , with icse ( pronounce '' icksy '' ) intra-cytoplasmic sperm injection . ( hand Richard another sheet ) it 's a additional expense , but there 's no way around it . the good news be Fisher be available and happen to be in the city today . the bad news be ... he ' 1l need a check for ten thousand dollar . I know it 's short notice . 11 richard not a problem . rachel it 's not ? Richard shake he head . dordick prepare to leave . dordick take a minute to talk thing over and once you be ready , I will give Fisher a call while moira help Richard get suite up and we will be off to the race . int . clinic corrider - day Richard and Rachel walk down the hall follow moira . Rachel push she iv pole . rachel ( hushed , but intense ) Richard . we do not have ten thousand dollar . richard I be gonna call Charlie . Rachel slow to a halt . Richard stop , too . rachel we say we be not go to tell anybody . richard I know ... but what be we suppose to do , rache ? eleven of you egg be sit in there wait to be inseminated and we do not have anything to inseminate they with . Rachel watch with envy as another couple , finish with they procedure , walk arm - in - arm toward the exit . if I do not call he we be screw . the cycle will be a bust , we will have blow through a big chunk we baby budget and you will have go through all this for nothing . int . fertility clinic - hallway - day Richard , now wear a parka over a hospital gown , pace back and forth on the sidewalk , talk on he cellphone . 12 Rachel stand in the vestibule watch he through the glass door . after a few moment , Richard hang up and head inside , look upbeat . richard he 's on he way with a check . rachel he be ? richard yep . they walk to the elevator . rachel do Cynthia say anything ? richard what ? no . of course not . rachel she 's so judgmental . richard no , she 's not . the elevator arrive . Rachel 's hasidic neighbor exit , and we couple step in . rachel yes , she be , Richard . she be even weird when we be do iuis . richard you be be paranoid . the door close . int . charlie 's bedroom / bathroom - day cynthia ( 5as ) with messy morning hair stare at someone off - screen with she jaw drop wide open . cynthia they be do it again ?! reverse show charlie ( 5as ) at the sink as he turn off the faucet and drag a towel over he wet face . charlie no . this be something totally different . New doctor . very high tech with ... egg harvest ... and hatching . and something call '' icksee . '' have you see my pants ? 13 Charlie slip past Cynthia , enter the adjoin bedroom and start sifting through strewn clothes . cynthia I think they be do with all that and they be try to adopt . charlie yeah . they be . they be still do that . but after that thing with that girl , they be try a '' by any mean necessary '' approach . do both at once . cynthia oh , my god . they be like compulsive gambler ! Charlie find he pants , step into they . charlie anyway , it 's really technical and hard to keep track of . but there 's a problem with Richard 's sperm and he need to borrow ten thousand dollar . Charlie zip he pants and exit . Cynthia run after he into -- the hallway --— cynthia you be not go to give it to he ? charlie of course I be . he ’1ll pay I back . Charlie arrive at the stair and head down . Cynthia follow . cynthia Charlie , if you love Richard and Rachel , do not give they the money . they do not need money . they need help . give they money be just ... enable they . Charlie shoot she a skeptical look as he enter -- the live room . Cynthia be a few step behind he . charlie to what ? 14 cynthia to pursue this ... fantasy of fertility when it 's pretty clear that it 's consume they -- emotionally and economically . they be strung out . they marriage be a wreck . they be always fight . they be like fertility junky . charlie that 's nut . cynthia honey . they have be do this for year . they need to stop . they need to move on . they need a intervention . girl 's voice ( 0.s. ) Mom ? Cynthia and Charlie turn to see they daughter , charlotte ( 17 ) hold a phone . charlotte sadie 's on the phone . she do not sound good . Charlotte look back and forth between she parent , neither of whom respond so she drop the phone on the couch and leave . Cynthia and Charlie look at each other . then , out of the receiver , a faint voice -- sadie ( on phone ) Mom ? cynthia ( pick up ) hi , honey . charlie I need to get go . he pull on a sweater . Cynthia follow he as he make he way to the front door where he grab he coat and exit . ext . college campus - upstate NY - continuous sadie barrett ( 25 ) stand outside a dormitory , shiver and smoking as she talk on she cellphone . she 's wear a thick oversize sweater and pajama bottom . cynthia ( on phone ) ( to Charlie ) I really want you to think about what you be do . 15 sadie Mom ? what 's go on ? ext . connecticut home - continuous Cynthia watch from the doorway as Charlie crunch across the gravel driveway and -- veep ! veep ! -- unlock they mercede Station wagon . cynthia nothing . we be just . Charlie 's go into the city and -- before he get in the car , Charlie call out to Cynthia . charlie I will pick up some stuff from Russ and daughter 's . you want salmon ? cynthia ( cover the phone ) Charlotte ! you want salmon ? charlotte ( 0.s. ) what ? cynthia ( louder ) dad 's go into Manhattan . you want Russ and daughter ? ext . college campus - continuous sadie struggle to hear , but she can only make out muffled sound . several student trudge by with backpack . intercut . sadie Mom ? cynthia ( to Charlie ) a bialy . a everything bagel . and a quarter pound of Wild nova. ( to sadie ) sorry , honey . be everything okay ? sadie uhh ... not really . cynthia what 's wrong ? sadie take a deep drag on she cigarette . be you smoking ? 16 sadie ( mouth full of smoke ) no. I quit . I tell you . ( exhales away from phone ) I just have a cold . and I be stand outside and it 's freezing . she drop she cigarette and step on it . cynthia where ? sadie tivoli . School . cynthia right . okay . I be just check . you sound funny . a pause as sadie summon she courage . sadie I need to get out of here . cynthia for the holiday ? sadie no. before the holiday . and after . ( tense pause ) I need to leave here for a while . cynthia you just get back there ! sadie I know . I do not think it be such a good idea . cynthia what do you mean ? it be a great idea . you will finally graduate . sadie I be not do well . cynthia be you fail ? sadie no. God , mom . emotionally , not academically . you be so achievement orient . 17 cynthia finish college at 25 be not exactly a achievement , sadie . it 's damage control . sadie 's eye well up . Cynthia grimace , regret she choice of word . I be sorry . I should not have say that . sadie it 's what you think . cynthia no , it 's not . I just ... want you to find something that you love do that give you a sense of purpose and meaning to you life . sadie I find it . remember ? Cynthia try to think of what sadie be refer to . write ... cynthia of course . yes . and you be really good at it , honey . but if you want to be a writer - writer , a professional , you have to be very drive and discipline . and if it 's give you this much trouble in college , what 's go to happen in the real world when you need to pay you rent at the same time ? sadie shake she head . sadie I be not fail , Mom . I do a lot of good work at the beginning of the semester that I be really proud of . it 's just ... I be a little stick right now and I be not gonna to be ready to hand in my portfolio in write workshop which count for like eighty percent of we grade . but the good news be my professor really believe in I and she 's willing to give I a incomplete which be great because ... sadie trail off . cynthia sadie ? what ? pause . 18 sadie nothing . I guess I be wait for you to tell I that in '' real life '' there 's no such thing as a incomplete . cynthia honey , why do not you just come home , and we can talk about this in person . sadie I can not come home , mom . cynthia why not ? sadie ( hesitant ) because ... I want to be in the city . cynthia oh , god , sadie , how be you go to do that ? sadie I will work . I will waitress . it 's not gonna cost you a penny . I promise . uncle Richard and aunt Rachel say I could stay at they place whenever I want . cynthia honey , Richard and Rachel have a lot on they plate . trust I . they be not in a position to take care of anyone but themselves right now . int . recovery room - day Richard and Rachel , the last remain patient , lie in adjacent bed . he clutches a ice pack to he crotch , she a heating pad against she lower abdomen . melancholy low-fi piano music fade in as the camera slowly pull away from we reproductively challenge couple . girl ( pre - lap ) ( sing ) nobody want a break toy .... the song transport we to -- 19 int . brooklyn brownstone - dine room - night a girl ( 10 ) , hold a doc mcstuffins 's karaoke microphone sing a song from the show while she younger sister do a strange interpretive dance . a reverse show Richard and Rachel watch with polite ambivalence . they sit with other middle - aged dinner guest who form a captive , but charme , audience . the song end . the guest applaud . the child beam . caroline ( 45 ) , the hostess ( and mother of the girl ) , try to move thing along -- caroline okay , you guy . say good night to everyone . girl good night ! a chorus of '' good night ! '' from the table as a baby -sitter herd the kid off to bed . int . live room - later the remain guest lounge with wine and dessert . we drift through the room , catch bit of conversation . we hear a party - goer , david , talk about alternate side parking rule . in a corner , we find Richard talk to caroline 's husband brad . Rachel be nearby . richard it 's just party people drink themselves sick on the weekend . I can barely walk the dog at night . I just do not want to find myself at fifty sit at a block association meeting try to prevent a new bar from open . rachel honey , we be not go to turn fifty on East 6th Street . richard I be forty - seven ! int . dine room / kitchen - moment later caroline remove a bottle of wine from the fridge as Rachel enter , carry dish . we hear voice from the other room . rachel you guy seem great . 20 caroline I and Brad ? we have not speak in two day . rachel what ? caroline for the last forty - eight hour we have not uttere a word to each other . just then , Brad enter the kitchen with some dessert plate . that 's how we fight . right , honey ? no word . Brad look at Rachel , shrug in agreement , deposit dish on the counter and leave . pop ! when 's you book come out ? rachel April . caroline ( open the wine ) that 's exciting . I have not write jack - shit since talia be bear . the cork come out and caroline begin to pour . you have get to try this . I be obsessed . I drank it all summer . rachel no , thanks . caroline really ? it 's prosecco . you be not a prosecco person ? rachel no . I be . I love it . it 's just , I can not ... I be cycle . caroline oh , my god . soul cycle ? my sister do that and she ass be like two little coconut . do you love it ? rachel oh , no . not that kind of cycle . ( hesitant ) it 's ... ivf . 21 caroline ( cover she mouth ) oh , my god . I be so sorry . what a idiot . she hug Rachel . rachel it 's okay . caroline no , it 's not . I be such a dope . wow . I do not know you guy be back to do that . I think you we be try to adopt . rachel no. yeah . we be . we just figure , while we be wait , we might as well give this a shot . ha ! that 's a good one , right ? give ivf a shot . it 's we first time , actually . we do lot of iuis before , but we never bring out the big gun . caroline it will really increase you chance , though , right ? rachel yeah . I do not know . we number be not so great . caroline you should talk to my cousin , Erin . she do ivf to get she kid and she doctor tell she she should not even bother . her chance be like one percent or something . and she get pregnant twice . in she forty . with only one ovary . Rachel , rapt , mouth '' wow . '' I be sure she have love to talk to you about it . and she kid be amazing . caroline pull a photo of Erin and she two kid off the fridge and hand it to Rachel . CUT to : a monitor display a enlarge microscopic image of what appear to be two circle of sudsy spittle . 22 superimpose -— the transfer a wider angle reveal that we be in -- int . operating room - day Rachel , she foot in stirrup , lie on a table , tip so she head be lower than she pelvis . lab technician and nurse stand at various station around the room . dordick , in surgical scrub , point to one of the spittle circle . dordick that 's a double - a embryo , right there . see the tightly pack cell .... that puppy be raring to go . we will transfer both , but I be put my money on this guy . ( turn to Rachel ) you ready ? rachel ( not sure ) uh-huh . dordick ( a smile , then to the room - -) alrightie . here we go , guy . it 's show time . light dim . a giant surgical lamp goe on . dordick sit on a stool with wheel and roll in between Rachel 's leg . you job be to just relax and breathe , okay ? Rachel nod , not relaxed at all . dordick hold out he hand and a nurse supplies he with a speculum . dordick ( cont 'd ) this might feel a little cold ... just relax ... that 's it . mellow guitar music begin to play . do you like the eagle ? Rachel have no idea what he 's talk about until the vocal begin : eagle every night ... I be lyin ' in bed ... holdin ' you close in my dream ... dordick smile and raise he eyebrow . Rachel politely smile back and nod . 23 dordick hold out a hand and a embryologist give he a catheter . with one eye on Rachel 's cervix and the other on the ultrasound monitor , he speak softly -- dr . dordick alright . let 's get pregnant , shall we ? Rachel smile weakly and watch dordick mouth the lyric as he guide the catheter deep into she body . eagle oh , oh , oh , oh , sweet darlin’ you get the best of my love ... ext . conception - day Rachel hold the collar of she coat close as she and Richard stand on blustery first Avenue , search for a cab . spot one , Richard raise he arm and a piece of paper he 's hold be snatch from he hand by the wind . rachel oh , my god ! Richard . Richard chase the paper down the sidewalk , awkwardly crouching as he go . pedestrian step out of the way and give he look . Rachel watch with a hand over she mouth . int . cab - day ( moving ) Richard smooth the paper against he thigh and rub it , try to remove the dirt and crease . for the first time we see that it 's a black & white image of they embryos . the cab hit a large pot hole , make a jarring dip and bump . rachel ugh. ( to the driver ) Excuse I ? Sir ? the pakistani cab driver converse in urdu on he headset do not respond . richard ( quietly to Rachel ) it 's okay . rachel no , it 's not . I be try to implant . Rachel unbuckle she seat - belt and stick she head through the open in the plexiglass divider . sir. 24 startle , the driver yank out he earbud . hi . I be sorry , but I just have a medical procedure . gynecological . the driver look terrify . so if you would slow down and take it easy on the bump , I have appreciate it . as soon as Rachel retract she head from the open , the cabdriver slide the window shut . whack ! CUT to : bathroom tile be mercilessly scrubbed . sumperimpose -- the home study wider reveal we be in -- int . rachel and richard 's apartment - day Rachel be on all four in the bathtub , scrubbing the tile . meanwhile , the dog follow Richard as he enter the bedroom with a armful of fertility medication . he kick the lid off a wicker hamper and dump everything inside . rachel ( 0.s. ) ( yell ) how be we do ? richard good ! Richard spot the water bottle fill with use syringe and toss it into the hamper . as of now , no ivf material be in sight . back in the bathroom -— rachel great ! richard ( 0.s. ) do you think we should take down the Lisa yuskavage ? rachel what ? no ! Richard have wander into -- 25 the live room , where he stare at something off-screen . richard I be just look at it from Beth 's perspective . we be use to it , but ... if you and I sit next to each other on the couch and Beth sit across from we ... Richard take a seat in the only chair opposite the couch . it 's like right in she face . rachel ( enter with a sponge ) what be ? richard the vagina . another angle reveal a sexually explicit lithograph of a nude woman with she leg splay open . I think we should at least move it . so it 's not so ... central . rachel ( think for a moment , then --) no. uh-uh . if we social worker be so uptight that she would actually deny we a child because we have a ... vagina on we wall , well then ... just ... screw everything ... Rachel march back to the kitchen and get down on all four . rachel ( cont 'd ) I mean , just fuck it ! ( shaking ajax on the floor ) I be so sick of this people judge we and tell we what to do all the time . between the doctor and the social worker and the support group , it 's just like , shut the fuck up already and shove it up you fuck ass ! later , in the live room -- a civilized tableau : Rachel and Richard , nicely dress and flanke by they dog , sit on the couch across from beth ( 50 ) , a compact social worker . while Rachel pour tea , Beth review they file . 26 beth before kyra go on maternity leave she walk I through everything , so I be pretty up - to-date . but nothing can replace talk face - to-face . ( receive she tea ) mmm , thank you . as Beth take a sip , she eye land on the lithograph and the vagina . she seem hypnotize by it . Richard give Rachel a '' I tell you so '' look . rachel she 's a good friend of ours . not the woman in the picture . the artist who make it . she 's we friend . it be a wedding present . beth ( back to business ) so , it look like you come to adoption after some fertility treatment . nervous '' uh-huh and '' yeah '' before a uncomfortable pause . richard it be not for we . do not feel right . Beth nod sympathetically as she write something down . rachel plus Richard only have one testicle , so ... Richard shoot he wife a look . Beth move thing along . beth I see that you be match with a birthmother last winter . would you mind tell I a little bit about that ? Richard and Rachel check in with each other . Richard nod . rachel okay . um . we have be officially wait for a couple of month and we be not get any call , which be totally depress . kyra tell we about parent portrait ... Beth nod knowingly . «+- so we decide to give it a try . ( more ) 27 about a week after we page go up , we get a call ... int . rachel and richard 's apartment - flashback - night a ringing phone sit on a desk in they home office . tape to it be a handmade label : baby phone / incoming call only . Rachel stumble into the dark room , stubbing she toe en route -- '' oww , fuck ! '' rachel hello . yes . uh-huh . that 's we . she turn on a lamp . with the handset wedge between she shoulder and ear , she push aside paperwork to reveal two page of what appear to be a play tape to the desk . a head read : phone script . no , not at all . '' we be happy you call . it 's the perfect time . '' Richard , in boxer , drift into the room , squinting and scratch he head . Rachel look at he , hold up a finger . yep. New York City . uh-huh . well , it 's get its pro and con . but we love it . Rachel scrawl on a notepad and show it to Richard : tiffany 19 Richard nod . rachel what about you ?... uh-huh . oh , wow . birthplace of Bill Clinton ! no . but we have always want to ... she hastily write something else for Richard : Little rock , ark -- 13 week pregnant Richard draw a deep breath and sigh as he watch he wife sink deeper and deeper into the call . richard ( v.o . ) it be like a match make in heaven . CUT to : a skype session - night tiffany be on a computer screen , have a animated conversation with Rachel and Richard . 28 the voice be barely audible and the pixillate image be beautiful and strange , like a digital dream . richard ( v.o . ) we talk to she almost every night for a month ... another skype session -- Tiffany get up , adjust she computer , then lift she sweatshirt to reveal a big red heart draw with lipstick on she barely show belly . Richard and Rachel smile in awe . Tiffany pop she head back into frame . everybody laugh . richard ( v.o. ) we fall in love with she ... int . build lobby - day a key be insert in a mailbox that say biegler / grime . among the mail be a envelope decorate with heart sticker and a purple unicorn stamp . richard ( v.o . ) she be so young . it be like we be she parent . Richard open the envelope and pull out several sonogram along with a photo of Tiffany which look like it be take at jc penny 's . int . rachel and richard 's apartment - day Richard put the photo and sonogram on the refrigerator with a magnet in the shape of arkansas . beth ( v.o. ) so you arrange to meet she ? int . rachel and richard 's apartment - present richard yep . two day before Christmas . it be amazing we could get ticket . ext . interstate - day - flashback a rental car whizze by a sign that say : welcome to little rock 29 int . / ext . rental car - day ( moving ) Richard drive . Rachel hold a beat - up manila folder in she lap and watch the landscape roll past . Richard spot something -- through the windshield -- a cracker barrel . richard thar 's she blow . ext . cracker barrel - continuous Richard turn into the parking lot , find a spot and shut off the engine . they stare at the restaurant . richard we be early . you want to go in or wait here ? rachel go in . ( open the door ) I need to use the bathroom . Richard and Rachel walk toward the restaurant straighten they clothing , which be dressier and more conservative than usual . Richard reach for Rachel 's hand , then notice something and stop . rachel ( cont 'd ) what ? richard on you neck . what be that ? Rachel nervously finger she necklace , and we see a tiny gold cross . rachel jewelry . richard I know that . why be you wear it ? rachel ( shrugging ) I like it . richard you be jewish . rachel no I be not , my mother 's irish Catholic . 30 richard you father 's Solomon biegler . rachel okay . so , I want Tiffany to like we . richard by lie to she ? rachel I be not lie . it 's just ... a piece of jewelry . she can interpret it any way she want . richard rache , we do not have to pretend we be something we be not . she know who we be . she think we be cool . she 's not suddenly expect Christians to show up . it 's not like we ever say anything in we parent profile about be religious , so we do not need to start now . ( off Rachel 's look ) what ? rachel I update we page . Richard stare at he wife , baffle . it feel stale . it need refresh . so , I update a few thing . richard you mean like we sudden belief that Jesus Christ be we savior ? rachel will you stop make I feel shitty about this ? Jesus . everyone in we group do it . they say they go to church on Sunday even if where they really go be just to ... brunch or ... pilate or whatever because they know that most of this girl with unwanted pregnancy be not really Sunday - brunch - pilate - people because if they be ... they would not be in this ... stupid situation in the first place because they would have already take care of it by now by have have a abortion ... ( voice catch ) ( more ) 31 «+.- just like we do ... nine year ago when we be not ready . Rachel 's breathe be shallow and jittery as she hold back tear . richard we be not ready , rache . we be in graduate school . in enormous debt . we have just meet . we do not even like each other yet . Rachel let out a little snort - laugh . Richard laugh a little , too . they fall silent a moment . rachel do you ever think that that 's why now we can not -- richard no. I do not . ever . a moment . then Richard hold out a hand . Rachel take it , and they resume walk toward the restaurant . from behind , as they walk away -- rachel it 's just a piece of jewelry . richard I know . rachel I think it 's pretty . it look good with my blouse . richard yeah . it do . int . cracker barrel - day a waitress arrive at the booth and place meatloaf in front of Richard and iced tea in front of Rachel . richard mmm . that look great . thank you . waitress ( to Rachel ) be you sure there 's nothing else I can get for you ? rachel no , thank you . 32 as the waitress leave , Richard take a bite of meatloaf . Rachel take a sip of she tea , look out the window and sigh . richard honey , relax , okay ? she 's just late . have some mashed potato . dissolve to : ext . cracker barrel - dusk we pan across a purple and lavender sunset and arrive at a window through which Rachel and Richard can be see sit in the same booth -- hour later . rachel ( v.o. ) after all that , it be just like ... poof ! a skype session -- with Tiffany , which quickly dissolves into another session and then another ... rachel ( v.o. ) she never show up and we never hear from she again . Tiffany 's image freeze and we dissolve to -- int . / ext . rental car - highway - night ( moving ) Richard and Rachel drive in silence . they pass sign for the Clinton National Airport . richard ( v.o. ) we would be warn about this stuff . but she have never ask we for money or anything , so ... int . clinton national airport - night close on a '' I miss Bill '' refrigerator magnet . a Clinton key chain . a '' I heart Little rock '' mug . wider --our couple float aimlessly through a gift shop . Richard look at rubber halloween mask of Bill and hillary . Rachel stand in front of a postcard carousel look at a picture of a young hillary and Bill cradling newborn chelsea . a boarding announcement can be hear . later -- Richard and Rachel pull roll bag as they head toward a gate . Richard carry a shopping bag . as they walk into the distance , we hear the SOUND of a plane taking off . 33 int . kitchen - night the sonogram on the refrigerator be be remove . Richard and Rachel , still in the same clothes from the trip , examine the flimsy print-out . richard ( v.o. ) when we get home , we realize ... there be no name or date on any of the sonogram . slowly push in on the photo of tiffany hold up by magnet . richard ( v.o. ) kyra say sometimes the girl just want the attention ... and there be not a baby at all . the photo be pluck off the fridge . hold on empty space . we still do not know if she be real or not . int . rachel and richard 's apartment - present Beth look at the sonogram . beth it 's much easier when it involve money . at least that make some kind of sense . but the emotional scam ... ( shaking she head ) after something like that , a lot of people give up -- or they throw themselves back on the fertility treadmill . it 's a real testament to you strength as a couple that you stick with it and renew you commitment to adoption . Rachel and Richard smile stiffly and nod . the SOUND of thunder and heavy rain carry we to -- int . rachel and richard 's apartment - another day ( raining ) Rachel open a kitchen cabinet , revealing a array of fertility medication . she pluck a bottle from the shelf and pop a pill into she mouth . without swallow , she retrieve one bottle after another , in quick succession , fill she mouth with pill . finally , with a big swig of water , she knock back all the pill in she mouth . 34 from another shelf , she remove a GREEN bag , stuff several pill into pill pocket and feed one each to eno and lazlo who circle around she , panting . in the bedroom -- high angle Rachel sit on she bed surround by paper work on a bound manuscript fill with copy-edite mark and post-it . she pause and lay the manuscript on the bed so we can see the title page : women 's study by Rachel biegler . Rachel stare into space for a moment , look uneasy , then begin feel she breast . she press they to see if they be sore . they be ! int . '' the pickle guy '' office - day ( rain ) Richard and he only employee , SAM ( 30 ) , be in the middle of receive a delivery of pickle guy product . Sam be alone in the storage room when a message arrive on Richard 's phone . Sam pick it up . SAM Rich . text from Rachel . through the doorway , we see Richard out in the hall help two ups guy unload dolly . richard what do it say ? Sam open the message and blushes . SAM it 's kind of personal . Sam hold up the phone so Richard can see -- a selfie of rachel 's breast , spilling from she bra with the caption : '' do this look bigger to you ? '' Richard crack a tiny smile . CUT to black . the test ext . upper east side - day Rachel emerge from a subway station , hurry down a street and arrive at a door with a bronze plaque : lawrence dordick , md . int . exam room - day a nurse wear devil horn draw Rachel 's blood . 35 int . reception area - day on she way out , Rachel pass the desk where four women work at various station . a jack-o-lantern sit on the ledge along with a goldfish BOWL filled with lollipop . Rachel linger , then take a lollipop , pop it in she mouth and smile at a receptionist , who smile back . as Rachel pull on she coat , she discover that she 's stand in front of a wall cover in cheerful card and birth announcement . she begin read the note of appreciation and look at the photo of baby and beam child . receptionist # 1 ( 0.s. ) we be root for you . Rachel turn to find one of the receptionist look at she with obvious empathy . int . rachel and richard 's apartment - day Rachel shower , let the water pelt she face . in the distance , a phone ring . Richard enter the apartment with the dog on leash . hear the phone -- richard rache ?! Richard drop the leash and answer . hello ? sure , hold on . rache ! he hurry into the bathroom . rache . it 's dordick . Rachel shut off the water , pull open the curtain and look at she husband . Richard hand she a towel . she wrap herself in it and sit down on the side of the tub . Richard join she . they look at each other , prepare themselves , then Richard push the speaker button . richard ( cont 'd ) okay . we be both on . dordick ( on phone ) hi , Rachel . rachel ( tentative ) hi. 36 excruciate silence . dordick ( on phone ) it 's not good news , guy . hold on we couple as the word sink in . int . doctor 's waiting room - day a wire mobile in the shape of a pregnant woman dangle in front of a window . caught in the stream of air come from a nearby vent , the wire woman twist and turn , occasionally strike the window like a fly try to escape . tap . tap . tap . wide -- Rachel and Richard sit among other couple ina cramped seating area . the room be hushed except for the sound of the tapping . int . dordick 's inner office - day consult he note -- dordick you could give it another go . this be you first ivf . Rachel respond well . it only take one good egg . on the other hand , the two of you have be at it for quite some time and if money be a factor -- that combine with Rachel 's age make I think ... sure , you could try again , but you best chance of success be with a donor egg . Rachel and Richard be stunne . it 's a big leap , I know . it take some get use to . and I do not want to diminish the loss of a genetic link for Rachel , but there be a lot of positive to consider . Rachel would carry the child . Control the pre-natal environment . give birth , breast -feed . and , of course , there would be Richard 's genetic contribution . ( pause ) it 's a lot to wrap you head around . give it some time . dordick take out a brochure and slide it across the desk . ( more ) 37 meanwhile , take a look at we program . see what you think and we can talk next week . the couple look at the shiny brochure where ethnically diverse young woman with good tooth smile up at they . below the image , it say : sometimes it take three to make a family ... ext . STREET - day the door to dordick 's office be throw open and Rachel hurl herself out . Richard follow -- brochure in hand , pull on he coat -- and try to catch up . rachel he 's out of he fuck mind ! there 's no way in hell I be do that . richard we should at least just think about it . Rachel stop and turn to face he . I be not say we would do it . we can just ... explore the idea . see how we feel . make a list of all the pro and con -- rachel be you serious ? richard ( tentative ) we have come this far . Rachel , flabbergasted , stare at she husband . what ? rachel we talk about this . we swore we would never do it . richard no . you swore you would never do it . I keep my mouth shut because I do not want to pressure you into something that you be go to have to live with for the rest of you life . 38 rachel wait . so all this time that I have be go along assume that we feel the same way about this , you have be have secret fantasy about egg donation ? richard it 's not a secret fantasy . rachel it be to I . I do not know about it . I think we decide together , as a couple that we would definitely draw the line at ... science fiction ! richard it 's not science fiction , rache . it 's pretty primitive , actually . they do it with farm animal all the time . Rachel 's jaw drop . rachel well , I be not a goat , okay ? richard bad example . sorry . rachel oh , my god . you be really freaking I out , right now . you be so gung -ho . richard I be not gung -ho . I be ... pragmatic . if we do another ivf with you egg , we have , what ? -- a four percent chance of get pregnant ? with a donor egg , we have be go from four to like sixty - five percent . the gambler in I want to put my money on the better odd . Rachel 's eye widen . rachel oh , my god , you be guy woodhouse . richard what ? rachel the husband in Rosemary 's baby . John cassavete . that 's you . 39 richard yeah , Rachel . that 's I . stand by while you be be rape by a satanic demon . I be just suggest we listen to we doctor and look into all the option . we be already sign up for adoption , what 's the big deal ? rachel well , for one , I be not put someone else 's body part into my uterus ! a nanny warily approach with a double - wide stroller . unable to pass , she give they look . Richard lead Rachel a few step to the side , smile politely . richard ( hushed ) I know it 's more complicated for you . rachel be not it more complicated for you , too ? richard yes , of course , it be ... but you hear he . there be lot of positive . ( stroking she cheek ) you would get to carry the baby . Rachel swat he hand away . rachel oh , woop -de- do ! what do that make I ? the bellhop ?! richard ( weak , barely audible ) no. Richard , utterly at sea , watch he wife walk away until she whip around and hiss : rachel well , why do not you just go screw a young woman , then ? richard what be you talk about ? rachel oh , look . there 's one now . she point to a thirty - ish woman walk on the other side of the street . 40 go fuck she ! richard I do not want to fuck she ! the woman in question glance over , pick up she pace . Rachel march away again . Richard go after she . look , we be do just about everything we can short of kidnap to start a family . I do not know why this be so off limit . Rachel stagger to a halt and look at she husband . rachel easy for you to say . you ... ( voice catch ) you will have you ... genetic contribution . I , I will just be ... a spasm of shallow breath overtake she . richard ( soft ) what ? rachel --- 11111 ... leave out ... Rachel erupt into tear . Richard watch she for a moment , then go to hug she but be meet with Rachel 's wrath as she start pound on he chest . keeping he face out of the line of fire , he open he coat and manage to wrap Rachel inside even as she continue to pound . finally exhaust , she body go limp and she allow herself to be comfort . they stand on the sidewalk -- press together under the coat -- as pedestrian walk around they . leave fall from the tree . we see a trick -or-treater or two . ext . avenue a - dusk ( slow motion ) more trick - or-treater : bloodied ghoul and face - painted butterfly . Parents be dress up , too . a banner read neighborhood school halloween parade . a motley marching band of aging punk rock parent play music as it lead the procession . 41 int . rachel and richard 's apartment - continuous the distant march band can be hear as Richard and Rachel nap with they dog . a loud , unpleasant buzzzz wake they , and Richard get up to go to the door . richard's Pov through the peephole -- a grim reaper ( 10 ) and a ballerina ( 7 ) wait in the hall . rachel ( 0.s . ) ( groggy ) who be it ? richard ( whisper ) the kid from the third floor . rachel what do they want ? richard ( be she kid ? ) candy . it 's Halloween . rachel ( whisper ) oh , shit . right . just do not answer it . there be a sudden knock and Rachel and Richard stand there , freeze . muffled voice can be hear through the door . ballerina girl ( 0.s. ) someone 's there . I hear they . int . hallway - continuous grim reaper maybe , but they be not answer . ballerina but it 's a holiday . grim reaper it 's not that kind of holiday . not everybody celebrate Halloween . especially people that do not have kid . the boy walk down the hall while he sister linger . int . rachel and richard 's apartment - continuous Richard and Rachel stand there , listen . 42 ballerina ( 0.s. ) they do it last year . fade out . int . richard and rachel 's apartment - another night a computer screen where little head - shot of young woman scroll past , accompany by id number and short description : -- 24 year - old ( italian ; irish ) 5 '6 '' , brown eye , fair skin . - 22 year - old ( Russian bear ) 5 '’4 '' , hazel eye , brown hair . -- 26 year - old ( brazilian bear ; US citizen ) brown hair , brown eye . rachel ( v.o. ) Jesus . it 's like ebay for ova . wider reveal Rachel stretch out on the live room couch with she laptop open , call into another room . there 's one that get a full athletic scholarship in golf . she get up and walk to -- the bedroom -- where Richard lounge with a book . have you ever even hear of that ? College golf ? richard I think you be work on you edit . Rachel join he on the bed and turn she laptop so he can see . rachel what do you think ? do you want she to have you baby ? Richard ignore the computer . richard she 's not have my baby . you be . rachel okay . Fine . but what do you think ? Richard put he book down and give the laptop he full attention . richard I think she 's fine . 43 rachel that 's all you have to say ? richard I be not gonna make a big deal about it . it 's just a egg . it 's one cell . Richard resume read . rachel ( mumble to herself ) one cell that contain half the chromosome of we child - to - be . richard I do not see it that way . Rachel laugh and shake she head . rachel oh , my god , you be so in denial it 's crazy . richard do not knock denial . it come in very handy . you should try it sometime . without it , you end up like this guy . he hold up he book , the struggle , so Rachel can see the intense face of the norwegian author on the cover . Rachel snort -laugh , then return to look at she screen . rachel listen to this . double major in philosophy and political science at a East Coast ivy League University . entere at 16 . richard too intimidating . rachel yeah . you sperm might be very shy around she egg . Richard give up try to read and scoot closer to the screen . Richard grimace at something . richard favorite book : '' the fountainhead . '' rachel oh ... see that asterisk ? that mean she 's reserve . ( more ) 44 there 's probably a wait list . it 's the ivy League thing . Richard point to a attractive young woman with brown hair . richard click on she . she 's cute . Rachel click the thumbnail and a page open with a longer description and additional photo . rachel she have a BA . majore in journalism and cinema study . no wonder she 's sell she egg . she can not get a job . I like she nose . richard I like you nose . Richard kiss Rachel 's cheek , then bury he face in the crook of she neck . mmm . this be kind of kinky . Rachel giggle and squirm , then notice something out of the corner of she eye . rachel oh , my god . Richard . she point and Richard lean in to look at another young woman , this one with auburn hair . richard wait . be that ... Fiona ? from mogador ? Rachel nod , almost imperceptibly . whoa. int . cafe mogador - day the real - life fiona glide through the restaurant . she talk easily with some customer , write they order on a pad . the camera linger . Rachel and Richard sit at a table with they menus and coffee , watch . richard I do not know . this be weird . rachel think of it like a exercise . there 's no right or wrong answer . 45 richard alright . Fine . ( surreptitiously look ) well . she 's beautiful . that 's obvious . and she 's always nice , which be good . any time we come in . no matter how crowded . she 's get a great laugh and a amazing body . in the summer when she wear that thin cotton dress with she hair all pile up ... rachel you be not suppose to think about how hot she be , Richard . you be not go to have sex with she . Rachel sigh , look away and shake she head . richard what ? you say there be no wrong answer . it 's very confusing . I have never do this before . rachel neither have I . but just ... stop think about fuck she , okay . think about she like she 's you daughter . not you girlfriend . richard okay . rachel God . richard what ? rachel ( eye pool ) nothing . he reach across the table and lay he hand on she forearm . richard I be sorry . I love you . she take she arm back and gaze down at the table . you be the one who want to do this . 46 rachel oh , do you think I enjoy this ? look for another woman 's egg to mix with my husband 's sperm so I can inject it into my uterus so we can have a baby ? Richard notice a couple at a nearby table look over . at least Fiona be a flesh and blood person we actually know , instead of some random thumbnail photo . ( a exhale , then - -) maybe we should just ask she . Rachel raise she arm to flag Fiona . Richard yank it down , clanking the cutlery and water glass in the process . richard be you crazy ? we can not ask she . rachel she put she picture up on a website . richard that do not mean she want customer inquire about she ovary during the brunch rush - woman ( 0.s. ) hi , guy . Rachel and Richard turn to find Fiona look down at they with a warm smile , pen and pad in hand . what can I get you ? ext . mogador - day the couple make they way through the cluster of customer on the sidewalk . rachel ( pull on she coat ) oh , god . it 's like the handmaid 's Tale . it would be different if I have like ... a young sister or cousin or something . Richard 's cell ring . as they walk , he dig through the pocket of the coat sling over he arm . even a family friend . ( more ) 47 someone in we life who we have a real connection with -- so I be not just preying on the ovarian reserve of random young woman ... Rachel , realize that Richard be no longer walk beside she , turn to find he stare at he phone . rachel ( cont 'd ) what ? Richard show she the phone : sadie bennet . Rachel realize what he must be think and they lock eye -- each silently turn over the same idea . the ringing phone go silent . CUT to : int . subaru - day sadie , in profile , look out the passenger seat window . richard ( 0.s. ) it really suck what you have be go through . sadie yeah . it do . thanks . another angle show Richard , behind the wheel . richard ( puzzle ) thanks ? sadie for confirm that my life suck right now . it really mean a lot to I . richard you be welcome . sadie I know you be technically just my step uncle and aunt , but I feel closer to you guy than everyone else in the family . you guy get it . everyone else be on I all the time to get my shit together . like I be some sort of drop - out or something . pause . 48 richard you do just drop out of bard , do not you ? sadie no . I be grant permission by the Dean 's Office to finish my degree requirement in absentia . that 's a thing . richard it 's Latin , right ? for drop out ? sadie playfully swipe at Richard . sadie shut up . richard hey , watch it . I be drive . she look out the window and shake she head -- sadie god. even you , uncle cool . richard hey . you come up with that name , not I . the idea that anyone would refer to I as '' cool '' be just evidence of how utterly uncool we family be . sadie laugh . ext . rural road - day Richard 's old subaru whizze by . omitted int . / ext . car - dusk Richard drive , listen to Duke ellington . sadie be asleep . the manhattan skyline appear and Richard tap she . she open she eye and groggily , but in awe , take in the sparkling view . int . / ext . car - east village - night through the window : Avenue a be crawl with young people out for a good time . as the car pull up to he apartment building , Richard be distress to find fresh graffiti , a drunk pass out and a shady guy smoking in front of the neighbor liquor store . 49 sadie I think everything be suppose to be all gentrify now . richard yeah , well , I guess they forget about we corner . sadie it 's so ... serpico . int . rachel and richard 's apartment - night Richard hold the door open for sadie who teeter in wear a massive backpack . the two dog rush toward she . sadie oh , my god ! sadie kneel down to greet they . Rachel emerge from a adjoin room , smile . rachel hi , sade . sadie jump up and throw she arm around Rachel , but she enthusiasm , combine with she unwieldy backpack , knock they off balance . they topple over , send the dog into a fit of bark . int . supper - night Richard , Rachel and sadie sit at a booth in a crowded italian restaurant . rachel so , how do you plan on finish ? sadie tear bread and dip it in olive oil . her chin be shiny . sadie Online . rachel really ? why online ? pause . 50 sadie ( between bite ) because that way I do not have to talk to any delude college student who think the real world actually give a shit about they stupid short fiction -- which be not even really '' fiction '' in the first place , just thinly veile autobiographical crap about they entitle upbringings . ( waiter bring plate ) mmm . thanks . and I will not have to listen to what a big deal it be that they be be publish in some random literary magazine that no one have ever even hear of ... like tin House or whatever . rachel wait . tin House ? sadie uh-huh . rachel tin House be a really well - regard literary magazine . richard they publish something of yours , right ? rachel once . yeah . ( to sadie ) everybody at you school be get publish in tin House ? sadie not everybody . I just mean , in general , it 's like everyone be so self - promote and convinced of they own artistic promise and I be like , hey , my uncle be a award - win theater genius and my aunt be a real - life playwright and author who get she storey publish in well - know periodicals that normal people have actually hear of like the New Yorker , for instance . ( more ) 51 and they be over 40 and still have to live in a rent stabilize apartment on Avenue a with like drunk and graffiti in front . so do not talk to I about the sacrifice you be make to be a artist , okay ? Rachel and Richard stare at sadie with stiff smile . CUT to : a series of photo . -- richard and rachel , ten year young , stand among company member in front of a run-down building with a hand - paint sign that say '' La rata theater . '' -- richard direct a rehearsal in a beat - up work space with expose brick and scaffold . -- a production still from a gritty look theater piece . bare stage . shirtless man . -- another production photo in black & white . a man and woman in a bed on a dramatically light stage . a wide shot reveal we be back in -- int . richard and rachel 's apartment - night sadie , wear a over-size Pickle guy t-shirt , be look at the photo on a wall of bookshelve in the live room . Richard sit on the floor try to blow up a air mattress without the aid of a pump . sadie do not you ever miss it ? you guy be so great . removing he mouth from the valve -- richard tell that to the n.e.a . Richard resume blow as Rachel drift in with sheet and pillow . richard ( cont 'd ) oh , I mean to tell you . I walk by we old space on Walker Street the other day . you know what it be now ? a citibank . just try do growtowski in front of a ATM . Rachel laugh . sadie read from a newspaper clipping . 52 sadie this be the year that a small downtown theater collective remind we of the singular power of theater to astonish . in '' tray , '' a story set among cafeteria worker in a suburban high school , La rata and it 's director , Richard grime create a political comedy that deftly examine the racial and socioeconomic divide that plague we nation . richard who write that ? sadie Jonathan Gilmore . the Village Voice . richard see . that 's how sad we be . we be from a time when the Village Voice be consider relevant . later , in the bathroom -- as Rachel brushes she tooth , she notice sadie 's toiletry bag . after a quick glance at the door , she begin to dig through the content : '' wet and Wild lip gloss , '' pink disposable razor . deep Cleaning pore strip . Rachel abruptly stop rifling and stare dumbstruck when she come across a package of '' plan B '' morning - after pill . just then , sadie walk in , startling Rachel who swing around and knock the bag to the floor . the toiletry spill out and roll around . rachel ( mouth full of toothpaste ) oh , shit . sorry . I get it . sadie that 's okay . I can do it . Rachel frantically shove the toiletry into the bag , spit out she toothpaste , and rush out , leave sadie bewilder . later -- Rachel and Richard lie in bed flanke by they dog . Richard be asleep , but not Rachel . rachel ( whisper ) honey ? honey , be you awake ? no response . she softly poke he shoulder . 53 Richard ? richard huh ? what ? rachel do you think we should do it ? richard do what ? rachel ask sadie . she heave a big sigh and stare up at the ceiling . she 's so young . Richard look blearily at he worried wife . richard that 's the point , be not it ? ext . east village - day a series of shot : rooftop in the early morning . on the last one , we tilt down to find sadie smoking on a fire escape with bare leg , unlace sneaker and a big down jacket . int . kitchen - same time Rachel be at the counter grind coffee bean and make cappuccino on they semi-professional machine . as espresso ooze , she look out the window at sadie on the fire escape . Rachel study she , then turn to Richard , already sit at the table with he own coffee . they look at each other , then Richard nod . she turn back to the window , knock on it and hold up a mug print with the word '' yaddo . '' sadie smile , stub out she cigarette and climb back into the kitchen to find she cappuccino sit on the table along with toast , jam and a newspaper . sadie wow. how instagrammable . thank you . ( taste she coffee ) mmm. yum . Rachel pick up she own mug as do Richard , and there 's a long pause as everyone sip silently . then -- sadie ( cont ’d ) oh , my god . look at we . we be like a ad for asshole . 54 sadie laugh and wipe she mouth with the back of she hand . Rachel and Richard smile vaguely . richard you mean , we be asshole ? or we be part of a ad that 's target to asshole ? sadie no . it 's just , you know . that whole -- ( sing -songy pizzicato delivery ) people . with cappuccino . in they loft . with they laptop and they dog . with messy hair . ( regular voice ) that whole fantasy ... it 's not you fault . you guy be authentic and real . you have just be co - opt by the cultural mechanism that create desirability . Richard and Rachel smile and nod vaguely . I take a media and consumer Society course . it be pretty life -alter . another pause as everyone sip . then Rachel throw Richard a glance , and he take he cue . richard uh , sadie , -- ( clear he throat ) -- there 's something that we want to , um ... Richard hesitates , then get the ball roll , so to speak . you know I only have one testicle , right ? taken aback , sadie look at she uncle , then Rachel , then back to Richard . sadie uh , yeah , actually . I do . rachel you do ? sadie Charlie mention it once . richard he do ? 55 sadie not to I , personally . but to my mom . I overhear it . a couple of thanksgivings ago . I can not remember . whenever you guy be go through all that fertility stuff . rachel we be still go through all that fertility stuff . sadie I think my mom say you guy be try to adopt . richard yeah . we be . but ... recently we decide that it might be a good idea to try everything all at once because ... well , we be not get any young ... rachel that 's for sure . Rachel and Richard laugh lamely . sadie smile , not sure why . richard and we just have a fail ivf . sadie wait . what ?! oh , my god . you guy . I be so sorry . rachel thanks . sadie that must suck . Rachel and Richard smile sadly . it 's not over , be it ? I mean , you be go to keep try , right ? richard ( a quick glance at Rachel ) well , now the doctor be suggest a different approach altogether , so ... sadie oh , my god . my mom say that you guy have a lot go on , but I have no idea . ( more ) 56 this be a really bad time for I to be crash here , be not it ? richard not at all . it 's great . sadie really ? because I have friend in bushwick ... richard rachel no way . no . we be really glad you be here . sadie you be sure ? rachel yeah . Rachel reach for sadie 's hand and squeeze it . sadie I , too. ( choke up ) I love you guy . sadie put down she coffee and reach for Richard 's hand so all three of they be hold hand . a awkward pause . then -- rachel I be gonna pop in some more toast . richard good idea . Rachel let go and pull a loaf of bread out of the fridge . sadie spot the Magazine section and pull it out of the pile . sadie ooooo. ( turn to the last page ) do anybody mind if I get start on the crossword ? as sadie find a pen and pull the cap off with she tooth , Rachel catch Richard 's eye . he nod and compose himself . richard actually ... we want to ask you about you egg . sadie scramble be good . but however you guy do they be fine with I . 57 Richard and Rachel stare at a oblivious sadie , who chomp on toast as she fill in a word . int . pickle guy office build - day Richard , along with eno and lazlo , escort sadie down a industrial hallway . they arrive at the pickle guy office just as the door open . Sam be prepare to roll out a dolly stack with box of pickle and bale of hay . richard oh , hey . SAM hey . ( suddenly self - conscious ) or do you mean , '' hay ? '' ( gesture to the bale ) with a a ? richard no. just , '' hey '' as in hello . Sam , this be my niece , sadie . sadie , Sam . they exchange hellos . sadie be go to help out around here for a while . I think you could show she the rope . Sam find sadie very attractive , but maintain he composure . SAM yeah . okay . cool . ext . pickle guy office build - day sadie kneel inside the back of a van as Sam hand she box . SAM I like to be as prepare as possible the night before the Farmer 's market because we set up at 5:00 be . and at that hour I be utterly impair and not ina position to make any kind of business decision . I be definitely not a morning person . what about you ? sadie what ? 58 SAM be you a morning person ? sadie I guess so . I like the morning . the before - ness of it all . it feel optimistic . Fresh . optimism do not come that naturally to I , so I need to grab whatever positive free vibe I can get . sadie laugh at herself . Sam just stare at she , entrance . after several second , sadie gesture for a box . Sam snap out of it and hand she one . as she slide the box deeper into the van , he can not help but notice sadie 's thong underwear peek out over the top of she jeans . sadie turn back for another box and catch Sam look . oh , my god . I be totally whale - tailing , be not I ? sorry . Sam continue to stare as she good - naturedly hitches up she pants . ext . STREET corner / food truck - night Richard emerge with bag of take - out and join Rachel , sadie and the dog out front . they begin walk when sadie look up at something and then stop . sadie oh , my god . what do that even mean ? there Pov -- a giant sign on top of a building advertising new high - rise apartment . it say : live like a rockefeller party like a rock STAR sadie ( cont 'd ) it 's like a open invitation to asshole . sadie snap a picture with she cellphone . int . rachel and richard 's apartment - night Rachel , Richard and sadie eat with chopstick . sadie oh , my god , my esophagus be on fuck fire ! I love this . Rachel and Richard smile and nod in agreement . then Richard get down to business . 59 richard sadie ... Rachel and I have be look for a egg donor . do you know what that be ? sadie look up from she food , a little throw . sadie uh , yeah . I do . they advertise at school . I know somebody who do it , actually . a film major . they pay she like ten thousand dollar . that 's how she finance she senior thesis . it be the entire budget of she short film . she call she company '' ovum production . '' sadie let out small propulsive laugh , then regret it . it be funny at the time ... not so much now ... richard rachel no . it be ... yeah . it 's funny . pause . richard we want to ask you about you egg , actually . rachel in you ovary . sadie ( tentative ) oh. okay . what about they ? Richard look at Rachel , then back to sadie . richard uh. well ... we be wonder ... if you might ... consider ... donate some . rachel to us. richard just like you friend . rachel except not . pause . 60 richard yeah . right. because ... you know we , so it would be different . sadie ( softly to herself ) wow. richard yeah . sadie what do it involve , exactly ? rachel well . technically , you have be go through pretty much what I just go through with ivf . minus the transfer . sadie what 's the transfer ? richard it 's when they put the fertilize egg back into you uterus . rachel my. uterus . in this case . richard right . yeah . it would not be yours because ... it would be Rachel 's ... so ... you uterus would not be involved in this instance . you would be do right after the retrieval . rachel you would have to be screen by the clinic , first . richard they would give you a bunch of blood test . a psychiatric evaluation . sadie ( nervous laugh ) uh-oh ... rachel no , it 's not like that . they just want to make sure you be able to handle the whole thing . psychologically . 61 sadie right , so I do not go all -- ( widen she eye ) -- Mary Beth whitehead on you . sadie wiggle she finger and do a crazy laugh , then immediately regret it . rachel who ? sadie uh , nothing . forget it . richard who be that , again ? sadie just something we read about in a Medical ethic class . ( off they puzzle look ) the surrogate in the baby M. case . in the eighty . richard she refuse to give up the baby or something , right ? sadie yeah . sorry . creepy reference . totally inappropriate . richard okay . so ... what else ? rachel the drug . richard right , of course . the stimulate hormone . how could I forget . you give yourself injection to increase you egg count for the cycle . rachel it 's a lot of shot . Rachel lift up she shirt , expose she fade bruise . sadie oh , my god . rachel it look a lot worse than it be . but the drug can make you feel pretty crazy mood - wise . ( more ) my shrink have a funny name for it . ( to Richard ) what do she call it , again ? richard emotionally incontinent . sadie ( laugh ) oh , my god . Gross . richard but because it 's not you who 's try to have the baby -- ( nervous glance to Rachel ) -- directly . it ’1ll be way less fraught . emotionally . ( to Rachel ) do not you think ? rachel definitely . richard and , of course , we have pay you . sadie what ?! no , way ! I be not take money from you guy . richard no . we insist . we want to pay you exactly what you have get if you do it at any of the university clinic . eight thousand dollar , just like you friend . it 's not a lot of money , consider , but it 's the standard rate and it 's all we can afford . a pause as sadie sit there , think . rachel you do not have to tell we anything now . Richard pull out the donor brochure , give it to richard it 's just a overview . it 's a lot to absorb . take you time and think it over . 62 sadie . sadie stare at the woman on the brochure 's cover , then 63 sadie read a bit , then close the brochure . sadie okay . richard good. ( rub he hand together ) all right , who need more beer ? rachel ( raise she hand ) I do . sadie no . I mean , okay . yes. I '11 do it . ( off they confuse look ) the egg thing . i’1l do it . richard rachel oh , no . you do not have to you really need to take some give we a answer now . time to think about it . it 's a big decision . sadie why ? I be totally cool with it . Rachel and Richard be clearly freak out by the speed of sadie 's decision . really . it 's not like I be do anything else right now . I do not even have a job . and what could be more reward than help two people I love start a family ? ( voice break ) you guy have always be such role model for I . you be so supportive and non-judgmental . you be go to be such amazing parent . Way better than mine . rachel that 's not true . you have great parent . sadie roll she eye . richard we will need to talk to they about it , too , you know . it have to all be out in the open . totally transparent . 64 sadie I do not see a problem with that . rachel you do not ? sadie Nah . my mom be all about I find a purpose and do something '' real '' with my life . sadie pick up the brochure and wave it around . welp . it do not get more real than this , right ? CUT to : ext . lovely highway - day ( variable fps ) sadie 's head stick out of the SUN roof of the subaru as it speed along . her hair whip around as she film the sky with she cellphone camera . through sadie 's camera : SUN , tree top , sky rush by . int . / ext . subaru - day Rachel ride shotgun . sadie stand in the back between the dog . spirit be high as they listen to music . ext . a road - side stop - day the dog run through pile of leave as Richard throw a ball with he chuck - it device . through sadie 's camera : the threesome runaround be chase by eno and lazlo . the woman bury Richard in leave . int . / ext . subaru - day woosh ! the car be back on the road , go even faster . int . charlie 's house - day Charlotte sit on she bed with she laptop , surround by homework . at the sound of a car arrive , she get up and go to -- the window , where she see the subaru pull up out front . charlotte they be here ! Charlotte dash out of the room , but the camera remain at the window as the car door open and the dog leap out . 65 ext . charlie 's house - day Charlotte run to greet sadie , jump up on she for a piggy - back ride . Cynthia and Charlie step out to welcome they guest , Charlie give Richard a hug . meanwhile , sadie drag a over -stuffed laundry bag from the car . cynthia you bring laundry ? ext . backyard - day a flurry of leave soar into the air , accompany by a high - pitched whine . Charlie be demonstrate he new gas-power leaf -blower to Richard . at a opportune moment , Richard slip something into Charlie 's shirt pocket . Charlie pull it out and unfold it . it 's a check for $ 5,000 . richard I will get you the rest before the end of the year . Charlie look into he brother 's eye . Richard smile sadly and they hug , leave swirl around they . int . kitchen - day tear stream down Rachel and Cynthia 's face . be they have a heart - to-heart ? nope , they be just chopping onion . int . dine room - day sadie stare at a autumnal centerpiece on the table . sadie God , I hate gourd . she remove the centerpiece , shake open a table cloth and let it float down onto the table . nearby , Charlotte pull dish out of a cabinet . she yell into the kitchen -- charlotte Mom , how many ? cynthia ( 0.s. ) how many what ? charlotte people . be eat ? 66 ext./ int . house - day Cars pull up as more guest arrive with foil - cover plate . there be hug and kiss . we catch bit and piece of conversation . some people carry wine glass as they drift about . kid run around . a teenager play piano . int . dine room - later the table be crowded with family and friend . Charlie clink he glass with a knife . everyone quiet as Cynthia stand . cynthia Charlie and I decide that we want to do Thanksgiving right for a change . so before we dig in we would like to go around the table and invite everyone to talk about what they be thankful for this year . there be a few groan from the guest . c’mon . please . I be go to start . ( raise she wine glass ) I be thankful for Richard and Rachel -- sadie hoot and raise she glass ; she 's already have a few . we couple be surprised by the attention . -- for take such good care of we daughter sadie , and give she a great home - base in Manhattan , where she have the love and support she need in order to begin she new life there . ( address they directly ) I know it have be a tough time for you guy . and the fact that you be take care of someone else 's child when you be struggle to have one of you own be just more evidence of you incredible generosity . I hope some day we can repay you for all that you have do . charlie here , here . everyone toast Rachel and Richard , who blush humbly . Rachel blink to hold back tear . sadie can I be next ? cynthia sure , honey . go ahead . Cynthia sit down and sadie stand up . sadie okay . that be beautiful and it 's the perfect prologue for what I want to say . I be also thankful to Rachel and Richard for all they have do for I over the year . from let I intern at they theater company ... richard free labor be more like it ... sadie ...to employ I at the Pickle guy office . and most recently , let I crash at they place until I get my act together . I be especially thankful to you , Rachel , for read all my lame attempt at play - write and short fiction . Rachel flick she hand and shake she head . and for take I seriously as a artist when I have such a hard time do it myself . and finally , this seem like the perfect occasion to share some exciting news . I be go rogue here , I have not clear this with Rachel and Richard , but I can not let this moment go to waste . 67 Rachel and Richard 's smile dissolve as it dawns on they what sadie be prepare to say . Cynthia 's jaw drop open as she come to a different conclusion . she catch Rachel 's eye and mouth to she : you pregnant ? '' Rachel shake she head . Richard speak up , but not with enough force to stop this runaway train . richard uh , sadie , I be not sure this be ... sadie ( misunderstanding , smile ) no , it 's okay . ( back to the group ) see , the thing I be most thankful for this year be the opportunity to help Richard and Rachel ... '' be 68 sadie ( cont 'd ) richard -- make they dream come no ... sadie ... really , do not. true ... sadie ( wave he off ) by offer just a tiny bit of myself , I get to give this guy the great gift they could have ask for . the gift of life . a oocyte . silence as sadie beam proudly . many of the guest look around , unclear about what have just be say . Rachel and Richard stare down at the table , dread what 's come . cynthia I do not understand . what 's a oocyte ? charlotte be not it like a egg ? sadie that 's right . I have decide to be Richard and Rachel 's egg donor . Cynthia 's face darken . there be uncomprehend murmur among the guest . and if all go well , next year we will be give thanks for the newest member of we family ... ( raise she glass ) Richard and Rachel 's baby . the murmur stop . everyone at the table stare at sadie until a elderly woman begin to applaud . Cynthia shoot the woman a look , but other guest be already join in -- the whole table be now toast and cheer . Richard and Rachel sit in shock as they get they back slap by nearby guest and other congratulate they . Cynthia grab sadie by the elbow and pull she into the kitchen . meanwhile , uncle bob ( 65 ) tap he glass with he spoon . uncle bob it 's my turn , now , right ? as uncle Bob stand , we hear voice come from the kitchen . cynthia ( 0.s. ) over my dead body ! do you hear I ? 69 sadie this have nothing to do with you body . it 's my body -- int . kitchen - same time sadie cynthia -- and I can do whatever I this be not give blood or want with it . check the organ donation box on you goddamn driver 's license . int . dine room - same time Richard and Rachel sit uncomfortably among the guest who can not help but overhear the argument as uncle Bob finish he toast . cynthia ( 0.s. ) you will be live with this the rest of you life . we whole family will be affect by it . sadie ( 0.s. ) I have give it a lot of think . cynthia ( 0.s. ) oh , have you ? sadie ( 0.s. ) yes , I have . I want to help they . it mean a lot to I . int . kitchen - same time as the woman argue , Cynthia remove item from the oven . cynthia well , now it 's fun . you get to be the center of attention . but what about after the baby be bear ? what then ? sadie I do not know . i’11 be aunt sadie . or cousin sadie or whatever they want I to be . look , mom . what if you have kidney disease ? and I be you friend and I have two kidney . a person only need one kidney , right ? so I have get a extra one . of course , I would give it to you . cynthia honey , kidney disease kill people . Rachel want to have a baby . she 's not die . 70 sadie how do you know ?! Charlie enter carry the turkey platter , follow by Richard and Rachel . richard I be sorry , Cynthia . we be plan to talk to you about this . cynthia oh , that 's nice . and how be you plan on pay for it , kickstarter ?! sadie charlie Jesus , mom ! ( to Cynthia ) honey , why do not we go upstairs and you can take half of something . cynthia who 's side be you on ? charlie rachel nobody . we be not go through with it without you support . cynthia well , you do not have it . Cynthia locate a electric knife and begin carve turkey . charlie cynthia ( cont 'd ) ( to Richard and Rachel ) ( to sadie ) maybe it 's best if you guy just grab some food and go . we can talk about this later . where be you go ? sadie have open the basement door and be head downstairs . sadie ( 0.s. ) I be get my laundry . Cynthia hand Charlie the knife and head after she daughter . int . basement - continuous sadie march to the dryer with Cynthia right behind she . sadie God . you be so anti-aunt Rachel . cynthia I be not anti anybody . sadie open the dryer and begin yanking out laundry and stuff it into a bag . sadie oh , c’mon , mom . on some level you be threaten by she . be it because she ’1ll have a book and a baby and you 'il have nothing once Charlotte 's go ? Cynthia stand there blink . cynthia that 's what you think I be worried about ? I be worried about you . you could be squandering you future fertility for all you know . my god , you should be freezing you egg , not sell they . sadie that 's absurd . ton of girl do it and they be fine . anyway , I be not have kid . cynthia you do not know that now . sadie yes I do . I do not want kid . I want a career . cynthia you can have both . ( off sadie 's amused look ) what ? sadie do you know how many time you have tell I that woman make sacrifice when they have kid ? that you have to drop out of school when you have I . ( beat ) look , every month I get my period and flush a egg down the toilet . why not give some to Richard and Rachel instead ? what could be more meaningful than give two people I love who be desperate to start a family the gift of life ? cynthia oh , my god . they have brain - wash you . 71 72 sadie ( storming up the stair ) why do you feel so cheat by life , mom ? int . / ext . subaru - night Richard and Rachel be buckle they seat-belt . through the window , they see sadie hurry toward the car with Cynthia right behind she . richard maybe we should have go with a anonymous donor . in the background , some dinner guest roam the lawn like Thanksgiving refugee . sadie throw she laundry in the hatchback and slam it shut . Cynthia stop some distance away and shout at Richard and Rachel . cynthia I know you want a child , but this be my child we be talk about . sadie I be not a child ! sadie climb in the backseat with the dog . Richard turn on the headlight and start the engine . cynthia if she be you daughter would you want she to do this ? before Rachel or Richard can respond , Charlie arrive with some foil cover plate that he hand to Richard through the window . then he put he arm around Cynthia and wave , smile falsely ... charlie thanks for come , guy . good night ! Richard back out just as Charlotte join she parent . through the windshield , from Rachel 's Pov , the shell - shocked family recede from view . int . / ext . subaru - country road - night ( moving ) we trio ride in gloomy silence , lose in think . the only sound be the hypnotic thud of tire on road seam . dordick 's voice intrude while the camera visit each of they . 73 dordick ( pre - lap ) third - party reproduction be usually a arrangement among anonymous or unrelated individual , but some couple prefer to involve a family member or a trust friend , which be fine . point of view travel forward , mist in the headlight . dordick ( pre - lap ) ( cont 'd ) as long as the people involved be mature consent adult , it should not be a problem ... int . dordick 's waiting room - day we threesome sit side - by-side on a couch . unlike the well - heele medical consumer surround they , they look like anxious kid wait outside the principal office . int . dordick 's office - day Rachel , Richard and sadie sit opposite dordick . dordick now that 's not to say that this kind of collaboration do not bring up some intense feeling for everyone , include the extend family . of course it do . this be unchart territory for most people . but we be get ahead of ourselves . we do not even know if sadie 's a appropriate candidate for egg donation . dordick 's speech continue over -- a montage , follow sadie through she screen process -- int . dordick 's - various room - day sadie , in a gown , be weigh by a nurse ; she have she blood pressure measure , she blood draw . dordick ( v.o. ) my advice be get the process start and use the time to try and wrap you head around what this arrangement will mean for you and you family . 74 in the bathroom -- sadie pee on the toilet . she pull a cup from between she leg , screw on the lid and place it on a shelf in front of a SMALL metal door . the door open , startling sadie , and a woman 's hand snatch the cup . in a exam room -- sadie have she foot in stirrup as dordick perform a sonogram . DR. dordick ( v.o . ) then , after the lab result and the report come back and sadie 's complete she psychological evaluation , you can sit down and make a fully inform decision ... in another room -- close on a booklet with a dull blue cover : Standard multiform psychiatric evaluation . a hand open the booklet to uncover a true or false test . wider show sadie take the test , fill in bubbles on a answer sheet . close on one of the true or false statement : I be sure I get a raw deal from life . sadie think , then fill in the bubble mark '' false . '' close on another statement : I be very seldom troubled by constipation . sadie look at the question , disconcert , then answer . pan down past three more statement : evil spirit possess I at time . I would like to be a singer . no one seem to understand I . sadie flip through the booklet and find hundred of similar statement , include the final one : at time I feel like smash thing . -end montage - 75 int . racquetball court - day Charlie in sport - goggle smashes the ball against the wall . Richard return it , and we watch the brother play a vigorous game of racquetball . sadie ( pre - lap ) I call he uncle Richard but actually he 's my stepfather Charlie 's brother . int . psychologist office - day sadie talk to a female psychologist , who take note . sadie so we be not really related ... which be probably better for something like this ... a uncomfortable pause as the psychologist stop write and look over the top of she glass at sadie . psychologist because otherwise it would be incest . a moment as sadie put this together . sadie yeah . right . there 's that . so ... int . racquetball court - day Charlie and Richard guzzle water . charlie for the record , I do not have a problem with the whole donor thing . Richard look at Charlie , surprised . that 's not to say I do not think it 's a little weird -- it be . but , hey ... I be a periodontist -- I graft freeze-dry cadaver bone into the mouth of live people every day . I can handle weird . Cynthia be different . she 's much more ... sensitive . especially this day . she 's be have a really tough time -- hormonally . 76 int . charlie 's house - bathroom - night Cynthia stand at a magnifying mirror , move she finger across she jaw , feel something . she lean in and lift she chin . in the mirror , she magnify chin sprout one bristly hair . Cynthia locate some tweezer and try to grab the offend hair . her first attempt fail , so she try again , pull she lip into she mouth . got it ! she hold the tweezers up to examine the wiry whisker , then notice a pin - size drop of blood on she chin . she grab some toilet paper and dab at it . int . charlie 's house - bedroom - night Charlie read in bed as Cynthia rub lotion on she leg . charlie ( eye on he book ) I see Richard today . cynthia uh-huh . charlie he 's good . cynthia good . charlie he say sadie 's do a great job at the Pickle guy office . maybe you should give she a call . ( hesitant ) ... they be screen she . cynthia ( look up ) who 's screen she ? charlie the clinic . for the egg donation . Cynthia stare at she husband , then return to moisturize . maybe you want to talk to she about it . cynthia she do not need my permission . 77 charlie that 's true . she do not . she 's hell - bent on the idea no matter what anyone say . Richard and Rachel , on the other hand , be not go to go ahead without you support , and this cold war be not good for anybody . ( pause ) honey , what if Richard and Rachel be gay ? cynthia oh , please ! charlie I be serious . what would you say if they be a gay male couple who want to start a family and sadie want to help they ? cynthia I have say ... mazel tov , now go get some girl off the internet and leave we out of it . sadie do not realize what it be she 's do . she 's just ... throw she genetic material around like it 's ... popcorn . auction off family property like it 's no big deal . charlie ( almost to himself ) they be we family . cynthia what ? charlie Richard and Rachel be we family . the word hang there . then , Charlie notice something on he wife 's face . he reach over to remove it and Cynthia rear back . cynthia what ! charlie you have get something on you chin . Cynthia turn away and grab at she chin to discover a errant piece of toilet paper . cynthia it 's nothing . it 's just ... 78 charlie it 's bleed . she touch she chin with the back of she hand and see a little red smear . cynthia it 's just ... a thing . a pimple . it 's fine . my god . Charlie watch he high -strung wife grab tissue and press they against she chin . charlotte ( 0.s. ) I get into Berkeley . the couple turn to see they daughter hold a letter . cynthia what ? charlotte my early decision letter come . I get in . Charlie jump out of bed and give Charlotte a congratulatory hug . Cynthia 's eye well up . charlie that 's great , honey . we be so proud of you . be not it great , cyn ? Cynthia be catch in a swirl of confuse emotion , but she manage a smile . cynthia yes . it be . it 's great , honey . I be so happy for you ... Charlotte smile , then notice something . charlotte what happen to you face , mom ? cynthia oh . it 's ... fine . it 's just ... -- but it 's not fine . the damn break , and Cynthia burst into sob . cynthia ( cont 'd ) ...no -- thing ... 79 int . rachel and richard 's lobby - day Rachel open they mailbox and find a thick envelope from '' conception . '' she pause for a moment , then tear it open . rachel ( on phone , pre - lap ) sadie Barrett have apply to become a donor in the conception oocyte donor Program . int . pickle guy production facility - day Richard 's cellphone be on speaker - mode as he and sadie listen . rachel ( on phone ) the purpose of this evaluation be to assess she appropriateness as a donor and to gain insight into she psychological and emotional well - be ... int . rachel and richard 's apartment - day Rachel pace and read into she phone . intercut . psychological testing indicate that all clinical scale be within normal limit .... no significant evidence of psychopathology . sadie do a fist pump and hoot . Richard give a thumb up . okay , here 's the good part : Ms. Barrett present as a bright , sophisticated and charismatic young woman -- sadie beam and curtsy . -- who appear comfortable with she decision to donate . she be mature and intelligent and it be likely that she will comply with the medical demand of the donation ... in conclusion , Ms. Barrett be approve as a candidate for oocyte donation . Richard raise he hand . sadie give he a high - five . int . IL bucco alimentari - day Cynthia , stunne , sit across from she daughter . cynthia you pass ? 80 sadie why be you so surprised ? cynthia I be not . I be just ... I think they might have some reservation about someone with a ... mental health history . sadie I do not have a mental health history ... dad do . cynthia it be genetic , you know . sadie okay . Fine . I have some depression and anxiety . maybe a little ocd , but the normal amount that everybody have . a waiter arrive . waiter can I take you order ? sadie i’1ll have the kale salad with a Zoloft to start and a side of klonopin . unfaze , the waiter just stare at sadie who smile and hand he she menu . Cynthia shake she head , amused , then hand over she own menu . cynthia the risotto , please . the waiter leave . sadie oh , and , by the way , I talk to dad and he 's fine with it . cynthia he be ? sadie totally . he say he think it be a wonderful thing to do for two people I love . he 's proud of I . Cynthia 's throat tighten . 81 cynthia well , he always have be a big believer in spread genetic material around without put much think into the consequence . sadie look away and sigh . I be sorry . I be sorry . she lay she hand on she daughter 's and look she in the eye . you know , I love you , right ? sadie nod , but not right away . and even though I do not agree with you , at all -- I respect you . and if this ... project be something you feel that you have to do , then ... you should do it . sadie so you be cool with it ? cynthia no , I be not cool with ... anything . ever . but I see how much this mean to you and I do not want to stand in you way . I want to ... to support you ... no matter what . sadie you do ? Cynthia nod . mother and daughter smile at each other , tear brim in they eye . then -- cynthia it do not mean I be happy about it . int . rachel and richard 's apartment - kitchen - day a big BOX be slice open to reveal a cornucopia of fertility medication and supplies : vial , syringe , needle , a red plastic sharp container ... wider -- we trio stand over the box , admire the content . sadie whoa . Christmas . later -- sadie watch , fascinate , as Richard prepare a pair of identical injection . it 's a exact process . Rachel , nearby , chomp on a apple . 82 sadie ( cont ’d ) ( examine a vial ) what do this stuff do ? rachel shut down we reproductive system so they can synch up we cycle . sadie yikes . any risk of like , trigger menopause ? rachel technically , it be menopause . chemically induce , but it 's temporary so ... richard ( hold a syringe ) okay , I be go to do Rachel first . Rachel lift the bottom of she shirt and unbutton she jeans to expose she lower abdomen . Richard wipe the area with alcohol , pinch the skin and aim . richard ( cont 'd ) ready ? rachel yep . richard one , two , three -- he confidently jab the needle in . sadie watch , mouth agape . rachel see. subcutaneous . no biggie . richard ( turn to sadie ) okay . you turn . sadie eagerly start undoing she belt . sadie oh , my god . this be so glamorous . we be like '' drugstore cowboy . '' a fun montage -- ( like drugstore cowboy ) super - 8 style glimpsis of Richard , Rachel and sadie as they film each other at 16fp use sadie 's app on she phone . the montage sketches a portrait of we trio 's life together and also serve as a little homage to the East Village . they vamp for the camera . they cook . they bike . 83 they swing on playground swing , play with the dog in tompkin Square Park , and work ( along with Sam ) at Pickle guy . int . dordick 's office - waiting room - day a abrupt cut to the hush of the wait room . Rachel read a magazine . above she , the wire maternity mobile tap . sadie ( 0.s. ) all do . Rachel look up to find sadie put on she coat . ext . dordick 's office - day as they exit , sadie pull two lollipop from she pocket and offer one to Rachel , who take it . sadie he want I to start stim . Rachel slow to a stop , take the lollipop from she mouth , and look at sadie . int . rachel and richard 's apartment - kitchen - day the front door burst open . the dog rush in , Richard behind they . the refrigerator open . the vegetable drawer slide out . Inside be box of medication . one mark follitropin be lift out , before the drawer be kick shut . quick shot : Richard scrub he hand , sadie unzip she pants , Rachel swab sadie 's belly , Richard assemble the cartridge , click , click , click . ( see instruction video ) Richard hold a syringe , poise to inject sadie 's belly . rachel okay . warning . this stuff can really make you crazy and all - over - the-place . sadie emotionally incontinent . I remember . do not worry . I can handle it . Richard look at Rachel , who give he a nod . richard one , two , three ... he inject she as the camera quickly push in toward sadie . 84 sadie ouch . shit , it sting . now in the bedroom , and high on hormone , sadie spin around in a vintage dress . I love it ! Rachel sit cross -legge , sorting a pile of clothes . be you sure you do not want it ? it 's in perfect condition . rachel no . it 's better for you . I can not wear that anymore . sadie oh , no ... you be not go to start ... drape be you ? Rachel give sadie a puzzle look . oh , god . my mom go on this jag and get rid of everything in she closet that 's even remotely form fitting . sadie pull off the dress and be completely unself - conscious in she bra and thong underwear . Rachel can not help but admire she young and beautiful body . and now it 's just like ... cowl neck and tunic and draw string and shawl . that whole eileen Fisher thing . she find she discard t-shirt and pull it on . it 's like she do not even have a body anymore . she 's just drown inside of all this fabric and erase all sexuality from she be . it 's like she 's be spay . ( examine she arm ) can I use some of you lotion ? my skin be so dry . I be molt . rachel yeah . sure . whatever 's in there . sadie leave . Rachel look down at herself . she be wear a large loose cashmere sweater - thing with kimono sleeve . she quickly pull it off and toss it in the pile on she bed , only to discover a eileen fisher label stare back at she . 85 sadie ( 0.s. ) oh , my god . my boob be so big from that drug . I look like a porn star . sadie re-enter , rub lotion on she face and neck . Rachel quickly bury the eileen Fisher item . you be go to be such a great mom . rachel I be ? sadie ( sit on the bed ) uh-huh . totally . I wish you be my mom . rachel that 's crazy . sadie no . it 's not . ( lay she head on Rachel 's lap ) I think of you like that sometimes . like you be my art mom . and Richard be my art dad . and I be you art daughter . and now it 's go to be so intense because a little part of I mix with a little part of he will be grow inside of you . ( a pause , then - -) do you think Sam 's attractive ? rachel what ? sadie Sam , who work at Pickle guy ? rachel I do not know . I never think about it . sadie I think he 's attractive in a kind of fuck - up-character -in-a-sam - shepard - play way . Broken , but hot . ( pause , then --) do you think we baby will grow up to be a writer ? rachel your and Sam 's ? 86 sadie no. your and mine . sadie 's weird choice of word hang in the air . a ring tone break the silence , and Rachel locate she phone . rachel shit . it 's my editor . she climb off the bed and answer . sadie lay among the clothes , daydream about have a editor of she own one day . rachel ( cont 'd ) hi. Liz . liz ( through the phone ) have you see it ? rachel see what ? liz ( through the phone ) the email I just send you . rachel walk into her office ... and go to the computer . without sit , she click the mouse and scroll through she in - box , then stop . rachel get it . Rachel double click and look at the screen . her expression change . she be crestfallen . liz ( 0.s. ) be you there ? silence . then , Rachel walk away from the computer and we finally see what be on screen -- it 's a mock - up of a book jacket : a young woman stand in a field , hold a wildflower as she gaze out over the horizon . swirly lavender and pink letter read : woman 's Studies a novel Rachel biegler ext . midtown STREET - day Rachel hurry alongside she editor , Liz , who be in a rush . 87 liz it 's the book jacket . not the book . it 's a sale tool . rachel it 's pink . liz I know you be go to say that . rachel well , that 's because it be , Liz . liz it 's also green . rachel when do I talk to somebody about this ? liz that 's what we be do now , be not it ? rachel my contract say I get to consult on the cover . do not I get to talk to marketing directly ? they slow down and then stop in front of a building . liz yes , of course , you can do that , but as you editor and friend , I do not advise it . it 's just not worth it . I have be through this a hundred time . they 's 11l pretend to '' consult '' and maybe they 's 11l tweak the font to placate you . but they will not really change it . and then you will become know as '' a difficult author . '' or , more likely -- because you be a woman -- just a fuck bitch . if I think this cover be go to kill you book , I would tell you . they be casting a wider net . they want people to buy it . that 's a good thing . Liz hug Rachel goodbye and disappear into the building . Rachel stand there , look lose . int . richard and rachel 's apartment - day the dog eat they breakfast . Richard drink the last of he coffee and put dish in the sink . Rachel yell from off-screen . 88 rachel ( 0.s. ) it totally misrepresent the book . then it 's like -- oh , I just do not understand the business side of thing -- which I do not -- as Rachel and Richard rush about , prepare for the day , sadie sit on she inflatable bed with a cup of tea , watch they go in and out of view . Rachel head into the bathroom to wash up . -- but I do understand that if a guy write it , it would not be package like a fuck cupcake . I be so sick of this shit . it 's the same thing with this whole fertility nightmare . I just feel so betrayed . richard by what ? rachel the bullshit I be feed in college . feminist ideology . the lie that I could have a career , then kid . well , obviously , that have not pan out . ( spit toothpaste ) I should send they the bill for all we iuis and ivf . richard you can not blame second - wave feminism for you ambivalence about have a kid . rachel ( emerge ) I be not ambivalent . richard now you be not , because you realize the boat be leave the dock . but before ... you keep change the deadline , remember ? '' we ’1ll start as soon as I finish the play ... right after I get this story publish ... once I be do with the book ... '' Rachel join Richard in the foyer . he 's pull on he boot . rachel be you blame I ? 89 richard I be not blame you . I be just say that we need to take some responsibility for the situation . rachel a lot of woman have baby at forty - one . I think I could , too . richard okay , but I do not think it 's gloria steinem 's fault that we can not get pregnant . rachel whose fault be it , then ? Richard be at a loss . oh , I guess it 's mine . I be too busy write my stupid book . she lift she manuscript and drop it so it land with a thud . richard I do not say that . rachel all the doctor ever talk about be my advanced maternal age . my old egg . and then we be in the middle of a ivf and -- what a surprise ! -- you sperm be like ... on a sabbatical . richard whoa , whoa . what 's that suppose to mean ? rachel nothing . let 's just drop it . richard all I be say be we can not blame Doctor dordick or Bella abzug or anybody else for we fuck -up . rachel you mean my fuck up . richard why do I feel like I be in a Wendy wasserstein play ? 90 rachel ( pull on she coat ) I do not know , but it 's we anniversary today and I have to go get a ... dildo - cam shove up my twat by Dr. dordick , so can we not talk about this anymore and just ... repress it . or suppress it . or whichever one be appropriate in this instance , so we can just keep this train on track ... a tense pause . then -- sadie it 's suppress ... Richard and Rachel turn to sadie . ... when you consciously forget something that 's suppression . repression be unconscious . CUT to : darkness , a murky undulating landscape as if we have be plunge into the unconscious mind itself . wider reveal that we be -- int . dordick 's office - exam room - day Rachel , a paper sheet over she lap , be look at a ultrasound image of she uterus on a monitor as dordick maneuver a wand between she leg . ext . east village - day sadie hold a grocery bag and busy flower from a deli . int . rachel and richard 's apartment - night a series of shot of sadie alone in the apartment . she chop vegetable . whisk dress . drag the air bed out of the live room . open a drop-leaf table . hang a paper lantern . later -- Rachel and Richard enter they dark apartment . we follow they as they travel through the foyer and into -- the live room , where they discover a beautifully set table with flower and candle . sadie pop up from behind the couch with a homemade sign that say '' happy anniversary ! '' sadie surprise ! the dog bark with excitement . 91 a cast iron pan as steak sizzle . sadie stab the steak and put they on a dish . sadie ( cont ’d ) ( call out ) do you ever read '' innocence '' by harold brodkey ? richard ( 0.s. ) uh , I do not think so . no. rachel ( 0.s. ) I , either . the camera follows sadie as she carry the steak into the live room , where Rachel and Richard sit at the table . rachel ( cont 'd ) wait . be that the Harvard cunnilingus one ? sadie set the steak on the table and begin serve . sadie yeah . that one . rachel it 's all about a guy go down on a girl , be not it ? sadie it 's pretty life - alter . everyone begin eat . I read it in a contemporary short fiction class . then , as a assignment , I write a kind of tongue - in - cheek response to it call , '' experience . '' richard no pun intend . sadie give Richard a puzzle look , so he explain , he mouth full of steak . ...” tongue -in-cheek response '' to a story about cunnilingus ... sadie laugh . Rachel roll she eye . what ? someone have to say it . 92 sadie ( saw at she steak ) I keep write and re-writ and it grow into this forty - five - page - long thing . anyway , it 's still a work - in - progress , but I be wonder ... if you guy be interested ... I have love to hear you thought about it . richard & rachel yeah . we would love to read it . sure . sadie ( between bite ) oh , my god . that would be so great . but it have to be top secret because my mom 's be ask to see my write all semester and , oh , my god , the think of she read about I '' choke on cock , '' even ina fictional piece , be horrifying . but it 's fine for you guy because you know how life be . you get it . several beat of eat , then -- richard I would not be so sure of that ... later , in the office -- a printer spit out page . sadie remove a small pile , tap the bottom against the desk to straighten the page and begin search for something . she open a drawer , rifle around , then close it . she move some papers around and by chance uncover -- what look like two page from a play . on closer inspection , sadie realize the page be tape to the desk and pause to read this curious document : US : hi , I be Rachel . my husband Richard and I place the ad . her : I hope I be not disturbing ... US : no ! we be happy you call . rachel ( 0.s. ) do you find it ? startle , sadie whip around and look blankly at Rachel . the stapler . that desk be a mess . Rachel go to the desk , and begin to search . sadie feel slightly guilty . 93 sadie I see that page and I think you be work on a new play . rachel ( amused ) oh , no . that 's definitely not a new play . that 's we cheat sheet . for when a birth mother call . but it 's be pretty quiet on that front . Rachel retrieve the stapler and hand it to sadie . sadie so ... pregnant girl just call you out of the blue ? rachel they see we ad online or wherever and look at we picture and read about we and if they be interested they call . Rachel pull the computer keyboard closer and open a website . we see rachel and richard 's parent profile with a photo of they amid a cheerful , cheesy template . rachel ( cont 'd ) would you give you unborn child to this people ? ( pause ) oh , I guess you sort of be ... later -- as sadie stand in the foyer , pull on she coat and scarf , she look into the live room and see Richard on the couch , leaf through she story . sadie oh , my god . you do not have to look at that tonight . richard hey . it 's we anniversary . I can at least read about fellatio . rachel shut up ! Rachel playfully throw a pillow and then pounce on he in a burst of affection . sadie bye , guy . richard where be you go ? sadie ( hesitate , then --) to meet Sam . Richard and Rachel be surprised , but act nonchalant . richard oh. cool . rachel yeah . cool . richard welp . have a good time . rachel yeah . have fun . ( unable to suppress it ) but do not have sex . sadie and Richard look at Rachel . I mean , you know . not right now . sadie I be not plan on have sex with Sam . rachel I know . it 's just . you know , if it come up . you be extremely fertile at the moment ... sadie we be just go to the movie . richard ( try to deflect ) what be you guy see ? sadie something at the anthology Film Archives . a documentary about some music guy . int . anthology film archive - night 94 Sam and sadie eat popcorn and watch phil spector ( with insane hair ) on trial for murder . Sam turn to look at sadie . sadie sense he gaze and enjoy the attention , but keep she eye on the screen . ext . anthology film archive - night sadie and Sam stand on the sidewalk . it 's bitter cold . 95 sadie that be fun . thanks . ( a pause , then --) maybe fun be not the right word . Sam laugh . SAM yeah . definitely not a good date movie . sadie there should be a warning : '' do not bring a date to this movie . total vibe kill . '' emphasis on kill . they laugh . SAM oh , well . I guess I blow it , then . sadie what ? SAM we date . sadie what ? no. wait . this be not really ... she point she finger back and forth between Sam and herself . SAM I think so . sadie oh. SAM but I do not think it count unless both party agree . so it 's up to you ... be we on a date ? they stare at one another . there be definitely spark . sadie good question . they stare some more . then , almost imperceptibly , Sam lean in . sadie hesitates , then swallow . I be thirsty . SAM I , too . wanna get a drink ? 96 sadie nod . a pause . then sadie and Sam simultaneously move toward each other and kiss . wide show the young romantics kissing beneath the marquee that read '' the agony and the ecstasy of phil spector . '' ext . upper east side - day Thunder and rain as sadie rush down the street , wear the same clothes as the night before . int . dordick 's office - waiting room - day sadie enter , wet and breathless , and find Rachel and Richard sit in the pack wait room . as sadie unbutton she coat , Rachel look at she flatly -- she 's not happy . sadie do not freak out . we do not do anything . I swear . just cuddle and kiss . nothing vaginal . at the word '' vaginal , '' Richard spring up . richard I be gonna wait in the car . ( to sadie ) take my seat . I x11 see you guy after . he weirdly salute all the lady in the room and leave . sadie sit , and Rachel resume read a magazine . sadie sigh and reach for a magazine of she own . sadie the train be such a mess . rachel ( eye on she magazine ) you miss the appointment . sadie do not you get my text ? rachel texting be not be here on time . sadie okay . I be sorry . but I just tell you , the train be mess up . rachel you know we be really grateful for what you be do , but this be not ... content for some tweet or some thing to post on Facebook . 97 sadie I know . I would never do that . what be you talk about . I do not even have twitter . Rachel get up and walk away . where be you go ? rachel to tell they that you be here . while Rachel speak with the receptionist , sadie glance around nervously . Rachel return and resume read . sadie what have they say ? rachel they might be able to squeeze you in in a half hour . sadie oh. okay . cool . so there 's not a problem , then . sadie pick out a different magazine and flip through it . rachel I be go to wait in the car , too . Rachel slap she magazine shut , stand up and go . int . / ext . subaru - upper east side - day ( raining ) Rachel and Richard sit in the car , listen to a podcast . Richard doze recline in the driver 's seat . Rachel spot sadie emerge from dordick 's office , she nudge Richard . rachel honey . Richard come to and see sadie . sadie seem disorient , so Rachel step out and wave to she . over here ! as sadie approach , Rachel hold two large GREEN beverage . look what I get ! sadie smile and be head for the rear door when Rachel beat she to it . sadie I can sit in the back . 98 rachel no . it 's fine . you sit up front . they climb in , and Rachel hand sadie one of the drink . it 's a Green goddess with a shot of wheat grass . Richard take a closer look at sadie and notice she look blotchy and weepy . richard be you okay ? sadie nod yes and suck on she straw for a long moment . then , unable to contain she emotion , she begin to cry . richard ( cont 'd ) oh , no . rachel oh , god , honey . I be sorry I get so mad ... I think I overreact . sadie shake she head . that 's not it ? she shake she head again . finally she manage to speak through she tear -- sadie the doctor yell at I and say my egg be not develop on schedule . rachel what ? richard dordick yell at you ? sadie Dr. Russell . rachel who 's Dr. russel ? sadie I think that be he name . he say I do not have enough follicle . that I be a '' low responder . '' that someone my age should have way more . and they be not grow at the right rate or something . he say he 's have forty - one - year- old produce more egg than I . 99 sadie begin to sob . Rachel and Richard watch helplessly until -- click ! Richard open the car door and climb out . rachel honey , what be you do ? int . dordick 's office - day Richard approach the reception desk , soaking wet . richard I need to talk to Dr. Russell . receptionist I be sorry , Mr. grime . he 's with patient all morning . but I can get a message to he if you would like . richard yeah . okay . tell he that my niece be not a fuck farm animal ! the receptionist look warily at Richard . so do the other woman work behind the desk . write it down . please . we donor ... Richard grab a pile of egg donation brochure and flap they around angrily . .--- who be give we the gift of life be be treat like a piece of shit ! receptionist please keep you voice down , Mr. grime . dr . russell emerge from a room behind the desk . doctor russell be there a problem ? receptionist Dr. Russell , this be Richard grime -- richard oh , hey . Doctor perdue . how be you ? Richard place he coat on the reception desk and reach over to shake the doctor 's hand . doctor russel I be sorry -- 100 richard be you ? sorry ? really ? because my niece be out there , cry in my car , feel like some kind of fail factory farm animal because you tell she she be not produce enough goddamn egg ! doctor russell should I call security ? richard should you ? I do not know . you tell I ! Richard , prepare to make a dramatic exit , grab he coat from the desk and accidentally pull down the plexiglass display rack , send the brochure fly . the staff and wait patient stare . richard ( cont 'd ) ( embarrassed ) I be sorry . I be sorry . okay . ( kneel ) i‘1l clean this up . ext . tompkin square park - dusk we couple watch they dog race around in the dog run . int . richard and rachel 's apt - night Richard and Rachel enter with the dog . as they pass the live room , they see sadie on the air bed , write in she journal . the muffle party sound filter down from the apartment upstairs . rachel be that guy keep you up ? sadie ( shaking she head ) I have be live in a dorm . Rachel and Richard smile at she joke . richard you know you can call it quit any time you want ... sadie nod . and do not worry about the stupid number , okay ? all it take be one good egg . that 's what they be always tell we anyway . 101 int . pickle guy office build - bathroom area - day Sam stand at the slop sink fill a electric teapot . sadie enter , hold she purse . sadie hey . SAM hey . how 's it go ? sadie good . how be you ? SAM good . sadie point awkwardly toward the unisex stall . sadie I need to -- Sam step out of the way . sadie enter a stall and shut the door . Sam stand there for a moment , nervously hold the full tea kettle . SAM sadie ? sadie ( 0.s. ) huh . SAM be you freaking out ? sadie ( 0.s. ) uh. no. not really . should I be ? SAM I be just wonder . because that happen with people sometimes . they get ... intimate with someone and then , you know , they spaz . sadie ( 0.s. ) I be not spazzing . be you ? SAM no. sadie ( 0.s. ) cool. SAM cool . what about Richard ? be he freak out ? 102 sadie ( 0.s. ) nope . he be cool with it . I would not worry about it , Sam . SAM I be not ... worried . I be just , concerned . sadie ( 0.s. ) ( amused ) well , there 's nothing to be concerned about . be pretty evolve . SAM everyone involved you just seem kind of distant . sadie ( 0.s. ) I be in the bathroom . SAM I mean the other morning . before I wake up . sadie ( 0.s. ) oh , yeah . sorry . I be something . coy or anything ... as Sam listen , he realize he can a sliver of sadie through the edge place a syringe between she tooth alcohol swab . sadie ( slurring ) it 's just , there 's a lot shit I be deal with at ( cont 'd ) Sam 's eye widen and he jaw drop inject herself . int . richard and just like Rachel side , surround drug information sheet . sadie '' human Jesus . Rachel swab sadie 's haunch . do when we first meet she , by sheet and pillow . you leave late for I be not try to be see -- of the stall door . she and wipe she belly with a of personal the moment . open as she expertly rachel 's apt - bedroom - night sadie lie on she she read from a chorionic gonadotropin . '' could it sound more sci-fi . 103 rachel they call it the trigger shot . it make you ovulate . then 36 hour later , the retrieval and ... finito . Richard appear with a large intramuscular needle . richard okay . you ready ? sadie yep . richard alrightie . he place one hand on sadie , take aim -- one ... two ... three . -- and spear the needle into she . he pull the plunger back to check for blood . then he push the plunger down . almost do . almost do . almost do . done . Richard pull the needle out . Rachel press a swab against the injection site and hand sadie a bag of freeze peas . later -- all three of they be lie in the bed , stare at the ceiling . after a few second of silence -- richard I guess it 's state the obvious , but we could not have do this without you . sadie smile . sadie oh , my god . you know what we never even talk about ? rachel what ? sadie the whole birthing thing . be you guy go to do it like at home with a doula without drug ? Natural childbirth . Richard and Rachel contemplate the question . then -- 104 richard nothing about this have be natural so far , so I do not see why we would all of a sudden wanna start ... fade to black . anesthesiologist ( pre - lap ) you be go to feel a prick . int . clinic - operating room - day sadie , with droop eyelid , lie on the table as the anesthesiologist inject she with a sedative . it 's the same guy who administer Rachel 's anesthesia , and he give sadie the exact same spiel about he daughter visit he job . int . clinic - recovery room - day Rachel and Richard stand beside sadie 's bed as she wake up . rachel hi . sadie hi. richard hi. sadie do they get a lot ? rachel twenty - four egg . sadie try to absorb this tally . Rachel smile warmly . you do great . sadie seem relieved . they all blink back tear . int . rachel and richard 's apartment - day in the office -- Rachel press a phone against she ear as she scribbles on a pad . later , in the bedroom -- sadie be campe out in Rachel and Richard 's bed . she 's pale and bury under the blanket . Rachel excitedly read from she note . 105 rachel they do icsi on fifteen . six fertilize . and they be watch two more . sadie ( weak and want ) be that good ? ( off Rachel 's nod ) I be so happy . the next morning -- Rachel and Richard drink the last of they coffee and place dish in the sink . meanwhile , in the bathroom -- sadie stand on a scale in she sleep shirt and call into the other room -- sadie do you gain a lot of weight after ? I swear I have put on like twelve pound in three day . in the foyer -- continuous Richard and Rachel be pull on they coat . rachel sometimes it take a while for you body to re-adjust after all the hormone . I would not worry about it . coffee 's on the table . and scramble egg and strawberry . sadie ( 0.s. ) thanks . richard feel better . sadie ( 0.s. ) I will . rachel ( as they leave ) see you later . int . outer hallway - day wait for the elevator . 106 richard how be she gain weight ? she have not eat anything in two day . rachel it 's water retention . it 's totally normal . int . pickle guy office - day Richard roll he bike in , lean it against a wall . Sam be already there , work on a computer . SAM sadie 's not come in ? richard Nah . she 's not feel too good . SAM that 's too bad . Richard sift through mail as Sam work up he courage . I need to tell you something , Rich . I be think I should talk to sadie about it first , but then I think I should just tell you as soon as possible . richard ( apprehensive ) okay . SAM I think sadie 's in trouble . yesterday in the bathroom . she be in the stall . and I be at the sink . and we be talk , you know , through the door . but then I realize I could see she through a open . Richard just stare at Sam , wait for he to make he point she be shoot up . richard what ? SAM it 's crazy . I never would have suspect it . she shoot it in she gut . to hide the mark , I guess . Richard start laugh . ( more ) 107 what the fuck , Rich ? it 's not funny . richard I be sorry . I be sorry . it 's not what you think . she 's fine . SAM what do you mean ? Fine ? she 's get a fuck monkey on she back , man . this make Richard laugh more . Sam stare at he , horrify . int . rachel and richard 's apartment - all - night Rachel enter with a grocery and mail . she put the bag down , pull off she coat and glance into the kitchen to discover that the coffee and breakfast she make sadie be exactly where she leave they . Rachel make she way down the hall and look into the bedroom where sadie sleep with the tv on . Rachel observe sadie for a moment , then shut off the tv . later -- Richard and Rachel sleep on the inflatable mattress . the sound of whimpering wake Richard . when he go to investigate , he find sadie in the bathroom , sit on the side of the tub , hold she stomach and cry . int . cab - night ( moving ) sadie , frail and unwell , sit in the backseat between Richard and Rachel . Richard stare straight ahead , very upset , while Rachel nervously watch sadie . int . emergency room - night sadie talk to a e.r. Doctor who palpate she abdomen . sadie oww . e.r. doctor sorry . okay . what about here ? sadie oww . e.r. doctor when do the pain begin ? sadie it start a few day ago after the retrieval . richard we be in the middle of a ivf . e.r. doctor you be try to get pregnant ? sadie no . rachel I be . the camera pan to find Rachel slouched in a chair , raise . the doctor be thoroughly confuse . er doctor ( be : Richard and Rachel ) I think you two be she parent . rachel prospective parent . sadie she 's my aunt . he 's my uncle . I be just the donor . the doctor try to make sense of this arrangement . richard it 's complicated . er doctor I can see that . ( back to business ) be there any difficulty with the retrieval ? richard no . sadie actually ... yeah ... well , sort of . 108 hand this come as a surprise to Richard and Rachel , who be about to interrupt when the doctor raise a hand to stop they . e.r. doctor what happen ? sadie um , well ... I be not ... I mean , I do not have enough follicle . ( hesitate , then --) so I upped the dose of the follitropin . 109 doctor by how much ? sadie hold she thumb and forefinger a quarter inch apart . richard oh , god . that doctor be a idiot . sadie it be not he . he do not tell I to do it . ( off they confusion ) I do it myself . rachel what ? sadie I increase the dosage on my own . Rachel and Richard stare at sadie in disbelief . I really want this to work out for you guy . you have spend so much money . and I know how much it mean to you and ... ( start to cry ) I do not want to disappoint you . ext . hospital - night Richard be on the phone , pace , with Rachel stand nearby . richard ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome . they do a ultrasound and say she leave ovary be enlarge ... they want to keep she overnight . Richard listen , then reluctantly answer a question -- about the size of a grapefruit . Richard shut he eye and listen then hang up and turn to Rachel . they be on they way . int . hospital - night Cynthia and Charlie exit a elevator and stop at a nurse 's station to ask for direction . int . hospital room - night Cynthia and Charlie warily enter the room -- 110 charlie knock . knock . Richard and Rachel both stand . as soon as Cynthia see sadie , she face crumple . sadie it 's okay , mom . I be fine . they be just observe . Rachel offer Cynthia the chair next to sadie 's bed , and the two woman wordlessly brush past each other . it be not they fault . it be I . I be the idiot . int . vending machine room - night Rachel , Richard , Charlie and Cynthia sit at a table , light by the glow of the snack machine that line the wall . there be a terrible draw - out silence . finally , Cynthia stand -- cynthia I be gonna go back to the room . int . richard and rachel 's - foyer - night Richard and Rachel enter they apartment . the dog greet they . ext . east village - night Richard walk the dog , look up at he apartment , catch a glimpse of Rachel 's figure in the window and stare at she . int . apartment - night later , in the bathroom -- Rachel tear open a foil package of estrogen patch and apply one to she stomach . rachel ( calling ) do not forget we need to do my progesterone . in the live room -- continuous Richard be squeezing the air out of the inflatable bed . he 's hear Rachel but do not answer . rachel ( 0.s. ) Richard ? richard yeah . okay . 111 in the bedroom -- later Rachel lie on she side , arrange herself on the bed . Richard shamble in with a syringe and a bag of freeze peas . rachel dordick say my lining look beautiful . he say most woman would kill for a lining like mine . be not that great ? Richard kneel behind Rachel prepare to give she the injection . richard ( 0.s. ) ( dully ) yeah . it 's great . rachel be you even listen ? richard yeah . I be . but I ’ma little preoccupy . do not we do this side last night ? she swivel around so she head be at the foot of the bed and she foot be at the top . rachel anyway , I be try to talk to you about something important . richard what ? rachel my endometrium . richard ( swabbing she ) what about it ? rachel its thickness effect implantation . and today when I go for my ultrasound , mine measure eight point two millimeter . ideally , you want anywhere from eight to ten on the day of the transfer , so I be already there . richard ( detach ) that 's great , honey . Richard stab the needle into Rachel 's haunch . she barely flinch . he press the plunger , then pull it out . 112 rachel I know all this stuff with sadie be upsetting and I want to be sympathetic , but the transfer be in two day and my acupuncturist say I need to create a really warm welcoming non - negative environment so the embryo will attach . she tell I to eat warm food . no salad . soup and stew . and she tell I to laugh , Richard . I be suppose to laugh . but I be not laugh . ( start to cry ) if you be a embryo , would you want to attach to a negative , cold environment ? no . you have want it to be warm and funny and positive . Rachel be sobbing ; Richard stay nearby , but seem very far away . int . operating room - day dordick be once again between Rachel 's leg as he transfer the embryos . a different eagle song play ; he mouth the word . ext . conception clinic - day Rachel hold the collar of she coat ; Richard try to flag a cab . int . cab - day they ride in the back look out opposite window . int . kitchen - day the photo of the new embryos be stick on the refrigerator with a magnet . ext . upper east side - day Rachel emerge from a subway station and walk down a busy street toward dordick 's office . int . dordick 's office - day Rachel have she blood draw . she grab a lollipop , walk past the wall cover in birth announcement and exit , but instead of follow , we stay behind as the camera pan to -- the waiting room , fill with anxious woman and painfully silent , except for the wire mobile tapping against the window . 113 dordick ( pre - lap , on phone ) discontinue the progesterone , the estrogen patch , the estrace as well as the supplement . int . rachel and richard 's apartment - dusk as dordick continue , the camera move through the seemingly empty apartment -- dordick ( on phone ) Barbara will call you early next week to schedule a meeting to talk about next step . -- and finally arrive on Richard and Rachel who be see in silhouette . Richard mumble something into the phone , then they hang up and just stand there , stare into space . after a while , Richard wander off . rachel where be you go ? richard ( 0.s. ) to walk the dog . in the bedroom -- later ( night ) they lie in bed -- Richard on he back , eye open ; Rachel curl up , face the wall . we hear a party go on in the apartment above they . rachel I be so sad . ( no response ) Richard ? richard do not that people ever fuck stop party ? Richard stand up on the bed and bang the ceiling with a book . it work ! the music be lower . rachel do you hear I ? richard I do . and I know that intellectually I be suppose to ... do something for you , right now -- comfort you or whatever , but I be sorry . I can not , right now . I just do not have it in I . 114 rachel ( very low , shaky ) okay . a long , painful silence . richard you be go to hate I for say this , you will think it 's hideous sacrilege , but I be actually sort of glad the cycle do not work because ... at least now it 's over . Rachel turn to he , aghast . I know it 's a harsh , but that 's how I honestly feel . relieved . I do not think I even want to have a kid anymore . I just want my life back . I mean , look at we . we be a mess . it 's like we be not even in a relationship , let alone a marriage . I be not you husband , I be just some ... guy who inject hormone into you ass every night . we do not even have sex . rachel wait , be that what this be about ? sex ? richard no. yeah . well , maybe . I do not know . what do you think ? do you think we be ever go to have sex again ? rachel be you actually ask I that right now or be you be theoretical ? richard no. I be not . I be actually ask you -- do you think we will ever have sex again ? rachel I do not know , Richard . richard you do not know ? rachel no . I mean , yes . of course , we will . at some point . richard at what point will that be , exactly ? 115 rachel I do not know . why be you so fixate on this ? richard I be not . I be just point out that while we have be so obsessed with this ... project we have have sex maybe one time in eleven month and you have to get trash on a bottle rosé before you would even consider it . Jesus , Doctor dordick be more intimate with you vagina than I be . rachel oh , my god . do you want sex right now ? be that it ? before Richard can respond , Rachel open a drawer and take out a candle clearly reserve for romance , then remove a vibrator from a draw -string bag . because we just have a fail ivf and I do not know about you , but generally that make I feel pretty shitty and dead and despondent and do not put I in a particularly erotic frame of mind . but if you be dead set on it , I be sure we can manage something . but I can not guarantee that it 's go to be a hell of a lot of fun . she twist the bottom of the vibrator and it make a loud buzzing sound . hey , battery still work . it 's we lucky day ! she throw the vibrator onto the bed . it bounce , just miss Richard . Rachel crumple in a heap and begin to cry . the vibrator continue to buzz as we ... fade out int . / ext . subaru - upstate NY - day bare branch against the winter sky drift past . Rachel look out the passenger window . Richard stare ahead at the road . there be a very long silence . sadie ( os ) I be sorry , you guy . sadie be in back with the dog . 116 richard we be the one who should be sorry . for two people who want to be parent , we do not do a very good job of take care of you . sadie ( almost to herself ) I be suppose to be able to do that myself , be not I ? a long beat of drive . you guy be gonna try again though , right ? you be not give up ? Richard and Rachel do not answer , and sadie 's question linger in the air . ext . highway - day the subaru whizze past and the camera whip pan to a highway sign that say : saratoga spring , next 2 exit . int . / ext . subaru - saratoga spring - day rachel slow down . it 's easy to miss ... that 's it ! right there . Richard slow and signal . out she window , sadie see two stone gatepost flanking the entrance to a long , wooded road . on one of the post be a sign that say yaddo . sadie it look like a insane asylum . rachel ( almost to herself ) well , it be fill with crazy artist ... Richard turn and drive through the gatepost . the snow cover wood sparkle like a winter wonderland . ext . mansion - day the subaru park outside a stone and marble mansion that look like a castle . we trio and the dog emerge , all slightly disorient . int . mansion - day Rachel and Richard accompany sadie as she receive a tour from jonathan , a male resident who lead they through the ornate downstairs room , which appear both grand and gaudy . 117 someone plays piano , and the music drift through the mansion . the tour pause in front of two full - length oil portrait of Katrina and Spencer trask , the Wall Street baron and he wife who found yaddo . jonathan that 's they . we patron saint . Spencer and Katrina trask . ( beat ) they have awful luck with child . sadie they could not have they ? jonathan no . they have four , but all of they die young . after the child be go , they decide to turn they estate into a place for artist to come and work . ( to sadie ) that 's why you be here . later -- Jonathan lead everyone up a sweeping set of stair and down a passageway toward a door with inlaid stain glass . int . katrina 's room - continuous the group drift in and look around the beautiful , light - fill space . through the window be a view of a terrace lawn and a fountain . jonathan this be Katrina 's room . among the antique furnishings be a chaise lounge . look , you have even get you own fainting couch . sadie wait . this be my room ? Jonathan smile and nod . rachel wow . I have be here three time and I never get this room . sadie can barely contain she excitement , she sashays around , then fake faint onto the chaise lounge . ext . mansion - day at the subaru , sadie strap on she giant backpack . 118 richard so we will get you in a month , right ? sadie ( hesitant ) actually , you do not need to . Rachel and Richard look at she , confuse . sadie fess up . Sam say he could do it . Richard and Rachel be happy for sadie , but a little hurt . sadie blushes . he 's always want to see Saratoga Springs and ... I think it would save you guy the trip . ( to Rachel ) thanks , for whatever string you have to pull to get I in here . rachel I do not pull any string . sadie you do not put in a good word for I ? I think that 's why I get accept . Rachel smile and shake she head , no . sadie beam . int . katrina 's room - day sadie pull out she laptop and some notebook , arrange they on the desk . she sit down , self - conscious but intoxicate by the extravagant write space . after a moment , she hear barking . ext . lawn - continuous Richard throw a ball for eno and lazlo , then join Rachel to watch the dog jump and play . it 's cold . we see they breath . sadie ( 0.s. ) hey ! Richard and Rachel look up to see sadie , not unlike a princess in a castle , lean out one of she window . she wave and they wave back . the three of they wave for a long time , then lower they arm and just look at each other , unsure what 's next . nine month later int . apartment build - hallway - dusk a child finger press a doorbell - bzz2zz ! the apartment door swing open to reveal Richard . he 's wear a rubber mask but it 's push up so you can see he face . 119 at the door be the same two kide from the earlier Halloween scene : a girl ( now 8 ) and boy ( now 11 ) kide trick or treat ! richard you guy look great ... what be you ? the girl wear a strange outfit with a plastic see - through bubble umbrella , leg warmer , big rubber boot and a bathing suit under a down vest . the boy wear and edvard munch scream mask . girl Climate Change . Richard nod , impressed . boy I be the scream . who be you ? Richard pull down he mask . it 's Nixon . Richard do the standard impersonation , hunching over and make '' peace '' sign . the kid do not have a clue . richard Richard Nixon . ( push the mask up ) he be a president from when I be a kid . I want to wear my Bill Clinton , but I could not find it . I guess he 's before you time , too . the child linger , then Richard remember why they come -- oh , yeah . he grab a BOWL fill with candy . the kide take some , drop it in they bag and say '' thank you . '' as they walk away -- sorry about the environment ! the kid stop and look back . the girl nod in appreciation before she and she brother continue on they way . int . rachel and richard 's apartment - dusk Richard close the door and turn to find Rachel wear a hillary clinton mask . richard hey . where have you find it ? 120 rachel ( muffle ) line closet . Rachel have also find Richard 's Bill Clinton mask , which she hold out . for a odd moment , Nixon and hillary stand there in silence , look at each other . the familiar SOUND of a marching band filter into the apartment ext . avenue a - dusk the neighborhood halloween parade be in full swing : policemen hold traffic as costume child march into tompkin square park lead by the band of punk parent . a orange crayola crayon dad walk beside a bloodied mom dress up as carrie . Children run around . Richard and Rachel , now both in they Clinton mask , walk with the reveler . Richard 's cellphone ring and he push he mask up to look at the caller id . richard it 's the 800 number . they look at each other , paralyze for a moment . answer it . rachel why I ? Richard , flummox , do not respond , so Rachel push she mask up and answer it . hello ? uh-huh . yeah . that 's us. ( from they script ) '' no . we be happy you call . it 's the perfect time . '' we be just ... out for Halloween . Rachel press a finger into she ear to block out the parade and step away from the crowd . Richard watch she , and we hear piece of she conversation . yep . New York City . uh-huh . well , it 's get it 's pro and con , but ... what about you ?... oh , wow . ext . highway - day a rental car whizze past and the camera whip pan to a sign : welcome to Virginia Virginia be for Lovers 121 int . / ext . rental car - day Richard drive . Rachel cradle a folder in she lap . through the windshield -- a applebee 's come into view . richard land , ho ! ext . applebee 's parking lot - day Richard pull in and park . int . rental car - day Richard and Rachel stare at the restaurant , then trade '' here we go again '' look and climb out . int . applebee 's - day a waitress lead Richard and Rachel to a large booth where they sit down face each other . the waitress hand they menus and begin to clear two of the four place setting . richard actually ... we be expect someone . waitress i’1ll grab another menu . the waitress leave . they sit for a moment without speak , then Richard get up and join Rachel on she side of the booth . richard that 's better . Richard move he water glass and place - mat over to he new seat . he take Rachel 's hand and kiss it . she glance over and smile nervously . they turn they attention toward the front door and sit there like that for a very long time , hold hand and wait . the end