prometheus written by jon spaiht fade in : ext . earth - day ( 12,000 b.c . ) the world turn below we , vast and slow . a rumble . a shadow sweep over the land . we move with the shadow . we cast the shadow . landscape slide by . reduced by altitude to abstraction : river delta , forest and flood plain . a raw natural world . no trace of civilization . the shadow glide over mountain and glacier . across a ocean and a pale beach . over lowland plain at the foot of a volcanic mountain it stop . ext . lowland plain - day three figure walk out of the shadow . they be man - and yet not man . they skin be snow - white . they feature heavy and classical - as if rodin 's thinker have rise from he seat . they smooth head be earless and hairless . they glitter eye entirely black . against the stark land they height be impossible to judge . they be engineer . two of they be cloak in dark robe of strange design . the third be naked . one of the cloak Engineers open a featureless black box : inside lie a cake of dark , sticky material . the naked one lift the dark cake with ceremonial slowness . it hum and buzze . foam into iridescent sphere . he raise the seethe cake to he mouth like the sacrament . black scarab boil out of the dark material . swarm over he lip . glitter insect that chitter and bite . under the swarm he lip melt away . a horrific vision of tooth , black blood , dissolve bone . they be devour he . flash on : a fevere glimpse of the microscopic : cell rupture and bleed . protein chain unfold . a DNA spiral unravel . 2 . the scarab fill they belly with genetic material . the engineer ... spread he arm . stands cruciform , nearly headless . the scarab swarm he shoulder , he chest . when they reach he hip , he collapse sideways , toppling majestically like a fell tree . engulf . the two cloak Engineers watch impassively . behind they , a vast black ship hang in the sky . as if blow by a great gust of wind , the scarab disperse in they million in all direction . live DNA on the wing . where the sacrificial victim fall , nothing remain . ext . forest - day a pristine wilderness . the volcanic mountain in the distance . a primitive woman stand on a height , stare in amazement : far off a great dark ship hover over the plain . a black scarab land on the back of she neck . bite deep . injecting its cargo of DNA into she blood . flash on : a microscopic invasion . cell pierce and infuse . DNA strand twine and mate . close on the woman pupil dilating with shock , breath hiss into she lung . she slap the back of she neck . look at she hand . the scarab lie in she palm . as she watch , it crumble to dust and blow away . fade to black . on black drifting mote of light against the dark : a starscape . 3. a excavator float into view : a sturdy vehicle equip with robotic arm . Bright floodlight beat at the darkness . Inside the cockpit - a bubble of glass - sit a beautiful woman . this be dr . jocelyn watt , 32 , a precocious scholar of many discipline . a scientist accustom to field work . the cockpit be sweltering : she wear short , boot , a T-shirt - and still she arm and leg gleam with sweat . watt work the control . the excavator descend toward a rocky surface . silt billow up as the excavator approach : we be not in space at all , but deep underwater . the excavator 's thruster be cowl propeller . the " star " be plankton shine in the floodlight . int . excavator - continuous watt steer the excavator to a steeply sloping cliff wall . a sea-trench yawn below she , its depth lose in darkness . watt move to survey site b... close on object four . the large oblong . she watch the screen of a ground - penetrate radar system . a bright signal return : something hide in the cliff in front of she . something big . watt ( cont 'd ) there you be . ext . sea trench - continuous watt carve into the cliff with the excavator 's digger arm . silt and boulder fall into the yawn trench below . she bring a water cannon to bear : use its jet to blast away loose silt and stone . the cliff face collapse : a muddy landslide into the deep . watt back away from the collapse , thruster whirring to keep she out of the turbulence . a cloud of silt clear . in she floodlight beam , the obelisk stand reveal - its outline wear by the age . easily thirty foot tall . watt stare at the obelisk , stunne . her voice be husky : watt Martin . here . 4. a second excavator glide out of the dark . at the control : professor martin holloway , 48 , visionary genius and archaeologist . Dark -haire and lean , with the rangy build of a frontiersman . he 's dress in work trousers and a T-shirt . stubbly chin . he play he floodlight over the obelisk . holloway look at that . int . wattss excavator watt float she excavator down the front of the obelisk . scan the alien text . suddenly she stop . grip the obelisk with she excavator 's arm to anchor herself in place . watt you need to see this . holloway ( v.o . ) come . ext . sea trench holloway pilot he excavator expertly up to watt 's . mate the two vehicle at they aft hatchways . int . wattss excavator behind watt , a hatch open with a splatter of water . holloway climb in . squeeze into she cockpit . a tight fit . he 's distract by she body , press so close - but she have eye only for the inscrutable write outside the glass . watt same thing again . holloway what do you see ? watt a ephemeris - a star map . ( pointing ) radius , inclination , azimuth ... more data here ... 5 . holloway if we can get epoch and equinox out of that ... watt can we raise this thing ? holloway ( shake he head ) hundred of ton . ext . mediterranean sea - day a research vessel at anchor on a turquoise sea . Bright sun . in the distance , a coastline dot with villas . the horizon be dominate by the volcanic peak - the same peak we see in the distance in the prologue . aboard the research vessel , crane lift watt and holloway 's excavator out of the sea and onto the deck . int . research vessel - aft deck - day under a awning , print of the obelisk 's face be stretch on the deck - fifteen foot long . watt and holloway crawl over the alien text , red marker in hand . parsing , translate , calculate . they be tan , fit , the wind in they hair . the Mediterranean coast in the distance . it 's a idyllic way to work . but they be utterly absorb in the task at hand . aft deck - night they be still at it . light illuminate the workspace . the obelisk print be blankete with marking and annotation . holloway sit at a table . watt sit on the mark - up print . both work through calculation on electronic slate . holloway look up . holloway I have a solution . a single match . watt I too . checked it twice . 6 . holloway you first . watt hold up she slate : it display a set of stellar coordinate . a detailed star map . holloway hold up he own slate : a exact match . they lock eye in electric excitement . watt what do we do now ? holloway we go there . ext . weyland wheel ( earth orbit ) a gleam space station like a five - spoke wheel rotate grandly against the Pacific Ocean a thousand mile below . Black letter on the white metal read : weyland wheel . a round shuttlecraft approach the station . int . shuttlecraft ( zero gravity ) a spacecraft no bigger than a private jet . holloway and watt sit strapped into acceleration chair . the only two passenger aboard . New to space travel , watt tear she eye from the spectacle of Earth outside the window . holloway play with a pen , bat it from hand to hand in the zero gravity . watt what 's first ? you do climate , I do genetics ? holloway archaeology first . let we ancestor tell the tale . watt you think he 's serious ? holloway serious enough to send he private shuttle . watt weyland can send he shuttle out for pizza . ( delicately ) ( more ) 7. watt ( cont 'd ) Martin . if this meeting go like the other , maybe we should ... holloway it will not go like the other . watt how do you know ? holloway pluck the pen from the air . he point out the window , where the crescent Moon shine like a toothy grin . holloway Heaven smile on we enterprise . ext . weyland wheel the shuttle dock with the wheel 's hub - a perfect fit . int . weyland wheel - spoke elevator ( zero gravity ) a gleam capsule elevator with window to the star . holloway and watt float weightlessly inside , move from handhold to handhold . the door close . watt grab holloway by the collar . pull they roughly together . they kiss . not for the first time . they have a way . watt 's hair and clothing float free : she 's a naiad in holloway 's arm . ext . weyland wheel the elevator descend along the speak to the rim . int . weyland wheel - rim - foyer a luxurious lobby . tasteful lighting . eame - era furniture in wood and chrome : the past 's vision of the future . at the rim , the wheel 's rotation supplies gravity . a elevator door open . watt and holloway step out - holloway with a sleek metal folio sling over he shoulder . the floor be the outer surface of the wheel : in both direction it curve upward out of sight . the wall be all window : on one side , Earth rotate lazily . on the other , a wheeling field of star . 8. david , a android , stand wait for they . he 's cunningly build , but no one would mistake he for a real human be . david Professor holloway . Dr. watt . my name be david . watt hello , david . david Mr. weyland 's eager to meet you . he stride off across the foyer . watt and holloway exchange a wonder glance and follow . exhibit hall david lead past model of planet , moon and asteroid . holographic label and data swirl around they . david this be all the planetary body on which weyland industry have mining claim . the end of the hall be dominate by a huge globe of Mars . marking indicate widespread surface activity . david ( cont 'd ) and Mars . weyland 's crown jewel . holloway how be that go ? the terraforming . watt they say you be get diminish return . it 's not work . david it 's the great engineering project ever attempt . Challenges be inevitable . Mr. weyland 's a determine man . weyland office peter weyland sit behind a mahogany desk . he 's a Warren Buffet type : a country sage , horse - sense and hard knock . he might be seventy year old , or a hundred and seventy . 9 . behind he stand director lydia vicker , a slim woman of 45 in a costly business suit . shrewd and watchful . once a great beauty , she now trade in ruthlessness . david stand against the wall . watt and holloway settle into chair in front of weyland - holloway hold the metal folio . weyland Professor holloway . Ms. watt . watt Doctor watt . weyland forgive I . Peter weyland . he notice watt look curiously at david . he smile . weyland ( cont 'd ) ah. david here 's a prototype . we 80 series . one of a kind for now , but if he perform , he will be legion . ( he smile fade ) what do you want here ? holloway look at he , startle . holloway we send you a prospectus that ... weyland assume I know nothing . holloway swallow . lay the metal folio on weyland 's desk . holloway I be a archaeologist . he touch a tiny remote . holograph appear in the air over weyland 's desk : the folio be a three - dimensional imager . picture of a young holloway in the field : excavate ruin in Egypt , China , Peru , Greece . holloway ( cont 'd ) in my study I discover a pattern I could not explain . every eleven hundred year , sudden advance in agriculture , tool use , technology . invention . something cause a great leap forward . every eleven century . the pattern hold as far back as we data go . ( more ) 10 . holloway ( cont 'd ) ten of thousand of year . I have to understand this . it become the focus of my work . weyland nod . holloway glance at watt and forges on . holloway ( cont 'd ) Dr. watt be a student of mine . watt touch she own remote . the holographic display turn to scientific diagram . image of a very young and beautiful watt in the laboratory . watt I be analyze historical change in human DNA . I find the same pattern . every eleven century , a pulse of new information in the genome of the human race . all over the world . evolution can not do that . something be change we . change the DNA of we species . holloway humanity 's be visit . visit by ... being from somewhere else . behind weyland , vicker can not suppress a scowl of disdain . vicker you mean alien . a beat . the other have forget vicker be there . weyland lydia vicker , director of Operations . practically my right hand . holloway they guide we to civilization . lifted we up , again and again . I call they the Engineers . watt once you know what you be look for , it 's amazing how the evidence fall into place . photograph flicker through the display : holloway and watt in the field , excavate new site . intimately close . they find : column of write on stone tablet in Egypt , China , Cambodia , Peru . pattern of line , curve , and dot . 11 . holloway this be the write of the Engineers . we have find it on every continent . and last year , we find we rosetta Stone . the display show the engineer obelisk under the sea . watt the write be a formula give the location of a single star in we sky . weyland which star ? holloway we be keep that confidential for now . but that 's where we want to go . weyland you want I to pay for a interstellar research expedition ! holloway it 's a chance to be part of a revolution in scientific ... weyland do not sell I , professor . you have be turn down by every university and government agency under the sun . nobody 's go to gamble that kind of money on you hunch . holloway deflate . watt wince . this be a bloodbath . weyland ( cont 'd ) nobody but I . ( he grins ) I have read you research . holloway that 's impossible . we research be - weyland quantum encode on secure server , yeah . we have a a.i. division , you should know . do impressive thing . ( he lean across the desk ) I know which star you be wishing on . the scientist stare at weyland . watt you be bluff . 12 . weyland Zeta two reticuli . he regards they shocked face with satisfaction . weyland ( cont 'd ) you know how I get this rich ? I ask myself : what do God spend he time do ? and I go and do that . watt laugh incredulously . stifles it . weyland 's not joke . weyland ( cont 'd ) biotechnology be good to I . Fusion power . lately do well with gravity system . he swivel he chair toward the window . Earth shine outside . weyland ( cont 'd ) but what 's the first thing God do ? watt he make the Heaven and the Earth . weyland jab a finger at she like she 's win a carnival prize . weyland that 's what I be talk about . you leave out my favorite part . the piece about Earth . david . david for eon , Earth 's climate swing from hothouse to ice age . explosion of life , then mass extinction . but twelve thousand year ago the swing stop . the holocene epoch begin - a period of anomalous tranquility . the rise of civilization begin only then . holloway and watt stare at david with new appreciation . holloway that 's right . watt and that change coincide with a visit by the Engineers . they do not just change we . they change we world . weyland that 's the piece I mean . Engineering Earth . God stuff . 13 . he swivel back to he desk . rummages in a drawer . weyland ( cont 'd ) my people check you science . they say it 's solid . he pull a thick contract out . drop it in front of holloway . weyland ( cont 'd ) I will give you you expedition . ship and crew , supplies , support . one condition . holloway pick up the contract with the cautious joy of a man double - check a lottery ticket . his voice be husky : holloway what 's that ? weyland you get the discovery . Control of the site . but any technology you find ? anything at all . that 's mine . holloway reach out slowly and pick up the contract . riffles the page of small - print legalese . weyland ( cont 'd ) you take david with you . my eye and ear . and vicker ... you be go too . vicker stare at weyland in shock . white landscape a glitter formation of white crystal . diamond on diamond . the structure grow more complex as the view widen . leave and branch of crystal . a shimmer field of white jewel . a landscape of white crystal , smooth as snow . ext . deep space a black void shot with star , far from any sun . a sturdy prospect ship forges through space , travel - wear but build to last . it carry the weyland industry logo . the name paint on its hull be magellan . 14 . int . magellan - bridge the ship 's nerve center and control room . six control station , empty and quiet . Interior light dimme to blue . the entire forward bulkhead of the Bridge be a window : wall to wall , floor to ceiling . at the window stand the android david . he gaze at the cosmos with a expression of utter serenity . after a long moment he turn away . massive shutter close over the window as he walk off . corridor david walk the ship 's long central corridor . the ship be silent . the light dimme to blue . he be alone . hypersleep compartment a long steel room contain a dozen plexiglass sarcophagi , six on each side . sleep freezer . Inside each freezer : the shadowy shape of a human body rime with frost . david walk through the compartment , surveying the sleeper . workroom david sit at a display table , move intricate technical document across the surface with wave of he hand . his eye intent on he work . if he be read , then he` read at a speed no human could match . white landscape we pull away from the frost crystalline horizon , the smooth white curve like snowy field . form become clear . it 's the body of a woman . it 's watt . int . hypersleep freezer watt lie asleep in she underwear in a plexiglass freezer . pale . frost on she skin . venus sculpt in ice . there be iv line in she elbow and ankle . 15 . shapes move into view beyond she , outside the freezer . face . press to the glass . hypersleep compartment all of the freezer be open and empty , save two . holloway lie in one . in the next , watt . Three man in blue coverall crouch beside watt 's freezer , stare inside . they be downs , 30 , a lean fidgety crewman . stillwell , 40 , a sturdy fellow with the geniality of a labrador . and kamarov , 26 , whose dark , brood air belong to a man twice he age . downs look at that . kamarov open the lid of Watt 's freezer . leans over she . watt stir in she sleep , a drowsy angel . kamarov she wake up slow . watt wake to find three man loom above she . disorient , she pull away . tangles she hand in she iv line . holloway ( o.s. ) get out of there ! holloway 's voice crack like a whip . the crewmen jump back . holloway sit up in the next freezer over . he yank the iv line out of he arm and leg . climb out of the freezer . stillwell just look . holloway give we a moment , will you ? the crewmen file out : stillwell sheepishly , downs and kamarov surly . holloway go to watt . gently remove the iv line from she ankle while she pluck the one from she arm . watt I be out of sort . sorry . holloway never worry . he help she up . 16 . int . mess room holloway and watt sit at a table , both a bit hang over . they wear civilian clothes . warmly dress , they still look cold . they nurse mug of coffee and nibble package snack bar . watt hunch over , shiver . watt my head 's buzzing . holloway you just sleep two and a half year . it will pass . watt like you have do this before . holloway I have read all about it . two ship 's officer enter the room wear blue coverall with rank insignia : glasse , 45 , a stocky man with thick black hair , and brick , 50 , a bald man with a bristle mustache . they look at watt and holloway with little pleasure . brick sleep okay ? watt yes , thanks ... glasse Captain will see you now . int . magellan - captain wardroom captain janek , 45 , sit at he desk . with he bristle beard and powerful build he have a swashbuckle look , like the captain of a whaling ship . holloway and watt sit on a steel bench in front of he . he sit scan he order : a plastic packet with weyland industry logo , crack open . watermarked papers inside . janek Zeta two reticuli be survey already . a hundred year ago . watt by a unmanned probe . very crude . 17 . janek no earthlike planet . watt no . janek so what be you look for ? holloway proof of the Engineers ' existence . watt confirmation of Professor holloway 's theory would change everything . there would be science before holloway and science after . janek rub he face wearily with he hand . janek you ticket . I will put the ship where you want . run you scan . holloway Captain , you crew 's be up for a week . we could have use the time . why would you wait to wake we ? janek better for discipline . ( off they silence ) Men ship out as prospector for one reason : the percentage . find a gold mine or a habitable planet , and you be set for life . ( he laugh bitterly ) but this contract say no percentage . no bounty . just triple pay . the man be not happy . holloway you unhappy too ? janek I be always unhappy . he stand . press he palm against a wall panel . a safe open . he pull out a massive pistol in a gunbelt . toss the order into the safe . lay the gun atop they and lock it up . 18 . scientist ' cabin holloway and watt take possession of they cabin : a simple but spacious room with twin bed and a window to the star . they drop duffel bag on the bed . holloway survey the arrangement . frown . he release the magnet that lock the bed down . slide the bed together . int . scientist ' workroom - day holloway and watt set up they workspace - a central display table and huge display surface on the wall . fascinating document slide under they fingertip : a engineer alphabet . ancient art . Climate and genetic data . david appear in the doorway . watt david . I wonder when we would see you . david I trust you database be in order . I set it up myself . watt all 's well , I think . david turn to go . hesitates in the doorway . david I should tell you : the time you spend sleep , I spend study you research . holloway and watt look at the android , he word sink in . watt you study we work for two and a half year . david it 's quite a data set . holloway so you have see everything . well . what do you think ? david glance over the document display around the room . 19 . david you hypothesis be ... bold . the audacity of it . you climate data 's undeniable : the holocene epoch be engineered . Dr. watt , you genetic study be equally conclusive . pulse of cultural change be harder to prove , but even there you case be strong . I believe in you " Engineers . " break room a utilitarian sit room . steel bench and table bolt to the deck . seat here be two weyland industry technician : andrew chance , 50 , a stocky computer engineer with a genial bear and a bristle salt - and - pepper mustache . mona ravel , 45 , a dour , rangy woman with a plain face , she hair pull severely back . a physicist and chemist . they wear black weyland industry jacket . they radiate intelligence and competence . this be pro . david lead holloway and watt past the break room . holloway spot the technician . stride in to greet they . holloway weyland industry ! Mr. chance . Ms. ravel . you remember Dr. watt . watt and the technician exchange greeting . holloway ( cont 'd ) about the material I give you . some of the technical aspect ... chance we will handle we end of the job . ravel if there be a job . holloway blink at she . chance explain , not unkindly : chance we only have a job if you find something . 20 . corridor holloway and watt follow the imperturbable david down a steel corridor to vicker 's cabin door . vickers's suite a open-plan cabin like a urban loft apartment . watt and holloway follow david inside . vicker rise to meet they . the wall be industrial steel - but the floor be lushly carpete , the furniture opulent . a king -size bed , a mahogany desk , a dining table . gleaming machine ensure vicker never need step outside : a private hypersleep freezer , a autokitchen , a medical pod . watt be that a paul medical pod ? there 's only ten of that thing on Earth ! I guess nine , now . vicker I tell Mr. weyland I would not compromise my standard of live . he accommodate I . holloway I know , I have to cut my manifest . this use to be the number four cargo bay . vicker what can I do for you , Professor ? holloway gesture with the slate he 's bring with he . holloway we be about to reach the system periphery . I think you would want to see the search protocol we - vicker no . I be set to be the next ceo of weyland industry . then you come along and sell Mr. weyland on ... this . so here I be . out of the run . I will go where I be tell . but do not ask I to play along . watt but when you get back ... 21 . vicker I will be five year behind the curve . out of touch . over . holloway you might make the discovery of the age . vicker look at he as if she 's deal with a child . holloway ( cont 'd ) you do not believe in what we be do . vicker Mr. weyland believe . that 's enough . she walk they toward the door . interview 's over . vicker ( cont 'd ) now we be out of communication , you can tell the crew what we be do . watt they do not know ? they volunteer . vicker they volunteer blind . classify job , triple pay . cargo BAY the crew - Brick , glasse , stillwell , downs , and kamarov - sit on crate in a improvise lecture hall . holloway and watt in front of they . janek at the back of the room . a hologram show ancient image of divine visitation . the crew be visibly spook . downs alien . glasse you shitting I ? stillwell be stare at the frightening image : god and titan tower over mortal . holloway I think all we mythology be race - memory of the Engineers . horus the Sun God . prometheus bring fire from heaven . a pillar of fire , a pillar of smoke . the Engineers be the god . 22 . kamarov stiffen , smell blasphemy . kamarov the mythology god maybe . God be god. stillwell kamarov . let he talk . stillwell 's stare unhappily at the ancient image : god tower over mortal , inhuman and terrifying . stillwell ( cont 'd ) so we be go to meet this thing ? watt we probably will not meet anyone . you would expect a star-traveling race to generate radio or laser signal . Fusion drive and gravity drive have clear signature . but Zeta two reticuli be silent . and the Engineers have go miss on Earth . watt ( cont 'd ) by the pattern , they should have come to Earth seventeen century ago . and again six century ago . but no sign . after twelve thousand year ... they stop come . brick why ? holloway exactly . why ? janek " my God , my God , why have you forsaken I ? " they turn . janek grin at holloway across the cargo bay . janek ( cont 'd ) be that the question you have come light - year to answer ? holloway only my first question . I have many . 23 . ext . magellan ( zeta2 reticuli system ) the magellan arrive at the periphery of the system . a distant star like Earth 's Sun , surround by orbit planet : mere spark at this distance . int . magellan - bridge outside the vast Bridge window , the star Zeta2 reticuli burn , a cold beacon in the night . downs , glasse and Brick sit at console . janek pace in front of the window . holloway and watt enter - and gape at the view . janek grin at they reaction . janek welcome to Zeta two reticuli . Edge of the system . open she eye . ext . magellan ( zeta2 reticuli system ) the magellan open its eye : two immense telescope emerge from the ship . irise open to expose huge lense . antennae deploy : unfurl like wing , gleam and vast . sifting vacuum for any whisper of information . int . magellan - bridge outside the window , the planet orbit Zeta2 reticuli be no more than bright star . janek overlay . a head - up display appear , overlaid on the glass . the sun be label zeta2 reticuli . marker point out the planet and trace the ellipse of they orbit . like magic , the planet swell into colorful orb , each label : Alpha , beta , gamma ... downs Seven planet . two hot rock , two gas giant , three snowballs . nothing earthlike . watt grin at holloway , eye shine . 24 . watt first human in the system . vicker walk onto the Bridge with david . janek director . good of you to join we . vicker what do I miss ? captain janek just get warm up . ( to holloway ) Professor ? you know what you want ? holloway emr scan , thirty hertz to three hundred gigahertz . spectroscopic pass on every planet and major moon . infrare and albedo scan for hot spot and light source . captain janek man know what he want . run it . ext . magellan ( zeta2 reticuli system ) twin telescope spin and zoom . antennae flex and focus . telescope Pov the planet nearest the sun rush closer as the mighty telescope zoom in . int . magellan - bridge the magellan 's sensor peel planet Alpha like a onion and put it back together again . a river of data flood the display , bathing the watcher ' face with light : Chemical compound , magnetic field line , lunar orbit , topographical data . the scan move on to the next planet , and the next . glasse negative on radio chatter system - wide . nobody 's talk . 25 . brick negative for laser and maser . on the h.u.d. , the data stream complete the last planet . begins to illuminate the gas giant ' moon . glasse no biological marker . no artificial light . no industry or agriculture . Dead system . like always . downs piss -poor , too . low in heavy element . brick get a hit ! a moon . lv-426. the display center on epsilon , a gas giant with many moon . data flicker around one of the larger moon : lv-426. brick ( cont 'd ) eighty -six percent Earth 's mass . atmosphere 's nitrogen , methane , sulfate . faint return for a bunch of metal . holloway anything else ? the sensor complete they pass on the system 's last moon . janek that be all . holloway take we in . janek downs . you hear the man . downs aye , Captain . maneuver . eighteen hour to orbit . ext . magellan ( zeta2 reticuli system ) the magellan retract its vast antennae and telescope . the engine fire : the ship rocket toward the gas giant epsilon and its mysterious moon . 26 . passageway leave the Bridge , holloway and watt find themselves walk aft alongside david . holloway david . enjoy the show ? david I do not know that I " enjoy " thing . it be informative . holloway it be , it be . ( teasing ) you know , I have see more convincing humanoid robot . watt smile , watch holloway 's sport . david 's speech never vary from its agreeable tone . david my design 's not intend to convince . simulate humanity be a complex task that divert resource . my designer dispense with that burden to optimize for intelligence . watt why look like a man at all ? why not be a box on wheel ? david be shape like you , I can use space and equipment design for you . but I be not so limited . I hear frequency you can not hear . I see wavelengths of light invisible to you . I move faster . exert great force . the scientist look at david in wonder . watt you see yourself as a superman . david no . he turn he unearthly eye on they . david ( cont 'd ) not a man at all . 27 . scientist ' cabin holloway and watt lie on they bed in they clothes - she head on he chest . watt what if they be really there ? ( off he confusion ) the Engineers . they could be there . wait for we . what then ? he laugh . holloway then all my dream come true . ext . magellan ( lv-426 orbit ) the magellan have arrive . lv -426 be a gray moon shroud in cloud . behind it loom its father planet epsilon , a lurid gas giant band in red and gold , half swallow in darkness . the magellan dive into a force orbit around lv - 426 : rocket fire continually , nose point down . telescope , sensor and antennae sprout once more from its hull . int . magellan - bridge everyone 's here . janek and he crew seat at control station . holloway and watt stand on the foredeck . vicker and david . ravel and chance . lv - 426 fill the window : a gray orb of mist . the ground invisible beneath the cloud . sporadic lightning flicker . holloway start with passive system . we be uninvite guest . let 's be quiet . that think send a nervous shiver through the other . janek nod at Glass and Brick . they study they instrument . brick a lot of electromag , all random . that 's lightning . go to bugger up we scan . holloway go active . mapping radar . 28 . ext . magellan ( lv-426 orbit ) radar emitter extend from they housing like cannon . a thump of power as they hammer out a blast of energy . int . magellan - bridge the display paint data on the moonscape as the wavefront come back : terrain render in luminous green . janek well , we just ring the doorbell , if anybody 's listen . kamarov shake he head fearfully . cross himself . holloway what do we see ? brick icecaps at the pole . frozen methane . cold down there . the display fill with light : a wave of terrain data sweeping across the moon 's surface as the magellan orbit . glasse terrain data rezzing up . hey ! we get hard spot . radar-opaque . Bright reflection . that 's metal . a jolt of excitement pound through everyone on the Bridge . ext . magellan ( lv-426 orbit ) the magellan sweep on around the gray moon , radar emitter hum , antennae and telescope open wide . the gas giant epsilon fill the sky behind lv -426 . as it circle , the magellan launch satellite . Metal mote hurl into polar orbit around the Moon . int . magellan - bridge twenty - four " hard spot " shine on the moon 's surface : a irregular array circle lv-426 . holloway that 's not natural . 29 . milburn you see stuff like that sometimes . mineral deposit . volcanic ejecta . glasse Big one there . a new signal appear on the map . brighter than the other . holloway still quiet ? brick no comm signal . no sign of life . holloway I want to get below the cloud . ext . magellan ( in atmosphere ) the prospect ship descend through buffete grey cloud . telescope and antennae stow away . Hull stream vapor as it cut atmosphere . lightn flash and boom around the descend ship . int . magellan - bridge everyone strapped into chair - except janek , who stand grip a stanchion , he boot plant on the deck . the landing engine roar . wind scream over the hull . mist whip across the Bridge window , obscure any view . watt reach out . squeeze holloway 's hand . the magellan break through the cloud cover into clear air . below the ship , a vast and eerie landscape be reveal . Wide valley mottle with thin dark ground cover . barren crag and spire of rock . waterless and wind-swept . watt gasp . stare at the grim and foreign country . ext . magellan ( in atmosphere ) the magellan thunder over valley and craggy ridge of rock . 30 . int . magellan - bridge janek take the helm . guide the magellan down a valley as if it be a helicopter . a pilot bear . glasse come up on site seven . they crest a mountain higher than everest . before they stretch a dry barren plain . scatter rocky peak rise from the desert floor - a alien monument Valley . downs nothing . holloway point to a smaller mountain peak . oddly regular . holloway look there . janek expertly swing the magellan sideways . the magellan circle the mount , nose point inward . it revolve below the watcher : flat face , clean edge - but crack and timework . it glitter like coal . holloway ( cont 'd ) be we recording ? glasse nod irritably . of course they be recording . vicker stare at the pyramidal peak , nonpluss . teeter on the brink of belief . watt scan the data readout . watt tungsten , tantalum , aluminum . that could be technology . holloway let 's see the next one . ext . lv -426 - second peak a second oddly regular peak , even more decrepit than the first , sit on the brink of a vast canyon . landslide have eat at its edge . the magellan purr over the landscape , dwarf by the scale . drop between the canyon wall to circle the mount . 31 . int . magellan - bridge holloway and watt stare at the structure . beginning to get over the shock . think like scientist again . watt identical , apart from weather . milburn could be a rock formation . carbon crystallize like that . the scientist pay he no mind . they be past that . holloway let 's see the big one . int . magellan - bridge janek pilot by instrument alone . Cloud obscure the view . brick close on the major site ... the ship descend into clear air . a stun panorama unfold before they : crater , hundred of meter across , connect by trenches . like a pattern of crop-circle sink in the rock . in the middle of the central crater - a huge angular peak , larger than the other . the magellan circle the site . it 's awe -inspire . cryptic . huge . holloway stare in rapture . glance at watt : she nod , eye shine . she 's with he . the crew 's still skeptical - but start to wonder . they shake they head and exchange look . brick ( cont 'd ) no radio . no heat source . cold as the grave . holloway nobody home . watt look out at the timeworn peak . its erode facet . watt I do not think anybody 's be home for a long time . 32 . ext . crater complex - day from the central crater , four canal extend outward like point of the compass . some connect to smaller crater . one canal peter out , flush with the desert floor . the magellan land at the end of this canal - half a kilometer from the central crater . int . magellan - bridge they stare out the window , down the wide straight canal at the pyramidal peak in the distance . holloway look around . holloway all right . let 's move . janek glance at he instrument . janek there 's only six hour of daylight leave . maybe you should hold off . watt look at he incredulously . watt we have get that outside the window and you want to wait `til tomorrow ? ext . magellan - airlock - day the expedition party emerge from the airlock - riding cargo rover , robotic vehicle just smart enough to carry they owner around , or follow along behind they . the rover ' bed be load with gear ; the explorer ride on run - board seat . all wear space suit . holloway drive the first rover with watt beside he . stillwell , kamarov , and downs in back . david drive the second rover with milburn , fifield , chance and ravel aboard . watt the air here will kill you , so keep a eye on you supply and watch you seal . pathogen test be clean . 33. holloway move slowly . stay together . do not touch anything . thing may be more fragile than they look - or more dangerous . there might be technology operate here we do not understand . the crew of the magellan exchange uneasy look . still uncertain what to think . ext . entry canal - day the trench grow deeper as they follow it toward the central crater - the pyramidal peak frame ahead of they like a monument on a triumphal avenue . they cross a perpendicular canal . glancing leave and right , they see smaller crater with central peak of they own . they pass through the shadow of a high promontory of stone atop one bank of the canal . we see - and they do not - that the far side of the promontory have a sphinx - like face of monumental size . so erode that its artificial nature be uncertain . ext . central crater - day the crater floor be a vast enclose plain . the pyramidal mount loom in the center - colossal in scale . the rover enter the crater , trail plume of dust . they circle the pyramid . on the south face of the pyramid , a Iris door of many blade stand , easily fifty foot high . seemingly make of the same basaltic stone as the pyramid itself . a huge construction . the explorer be transfix in awe . all skepticism banish . holloway tell I that 's a natural formation . ( he grins ) undeniable proof of alien civilization . you be here on this day , thirty - one December , year of we Lord 2172 . History will remember you name . watt stare at the iris . its bottom - most blade be break ; it lie in rubble at the foot of the door . a dark knife- like aperture lead into the pyramid . 34 . watt the door 's open . int . magellan - bridge janek and vicker watch the explorer ' progress in the main holographic display : they tinny voice echoing over the comm link . at the sight of the huge iris door in the pyramid , both janek and vicker stare in blank astonishment . janek Son of a bitch . they be right . he turn to stare out the window at the pyramid 's peak . vicker turn and slip out of the Bridge . hurries away . vickers's suite vicker stride through she quarter . on the far wall there be two small door . she open the first : step into a luxurious bathroom . wash a pill down with a tumbler of water . returns to she cabin and open the second small door . secret room - continuous a chamber wall with steel panel . a deep hum of ventilation and power : there 's a lot of technology here . she turn to a console beside the door . flip a row of switch . the hum deepen . Hidden mechanism stir to life . ext . pyramid - Iris door on foot , explorer press inside - holloway and watt in the lead . they flashlight cut into the gloom . the robotic rover follow they : they six - wheeled chassis with independent suspension trundle over the rubble barrier , sure - foote as goat . int . pyramid - antechamber Dark and cavernous . weak daylight slant in . 35 . the explorer press into the darkness on foot - the cargo rover ' headlight flash on . they move through a dark cathedral space , empty and bare . david look around in fascination , he eye rake the wall . holloway jocelyn . here . his voice tremble with urgency . he shine light on the rock . symbol engrave on the dark surface . dot , line and arc . holloway ( cont 'd ) the write of the Engineers . conclusive connection . david stand beside they . stare at the alien write . david congratulation , Professor holloway . watt pass she light over the write , recording it . they move on into the dark . david linger . reading . pyramid - various passage the interior be a labyrinth . corridor big as railway tunnel intersect and diverge . the explorer wend they way deeper . several carry map unit , whose holographic display render three - dimensional map that expand as they explore . int . pyramid - massive chamber holloway lead the explorer deeper into the complex . the motor of the cargo rover whine and growl . david trail the other , eye rake the blank wall as if he see something there . he reach out . pass he hand through the air as if grasp a cobweb . a strange rumbling noise sound down the corridor , freezing they . holloway sweep he light that way . the sound come again : a demonic voice speak some unearthly language . watt look at holloway - but he eye be focus on the dark ahead . he move forward . a beat . the other follow . 36 . a apparition appear before they . a pale , luminous giant fifteen foot tall , with hollow eye and a grotesque snout . it stride toward they . speak in a sonorous voice . pandemonium . watt backpedal involuntarily . see holloway stand he ground , she reach out to he in a panic . watt Martin . Martin ! but holloway do not budge . stare at the apparition in fascination . everyone else scatter - except david , who stand stock -still by the wall . watt watch as the apparition walk right up to holloway . disappear with a sizzle of static as holloway experience the creature pass through he . silence . watt return to holloway 's side . stillwell and downs be huddle on the deck . milburn and fifield have fall back down the passageway . fifield Christ . Christ ! ravel it be not real . milburn we all see it . unseen by the other , david reach out and repeat he gesture in the air . a rumbling sound down the corridor , as before . moment later , the apparition appear round the corner again . they stand they ground : the ghostly giant stride toward they , exactly as before , and disappear with a crackle . holloway record ? fifield no more . I be out . holloway fifield . get a grip . fifield I be a prospector . you find a load of bauxite , I be you man . but not this . 37 . milburn I should go with he . buddy system . holloway ( disgust ) Fine . he haul a heavy roll case out of the cargo rover . holloway ( cont 'd ) you can deploy the drone . Drop they in the first or second nexus on you way back . fifield give we a rover . holloway and half we gear ? it 's no more than a mile . you can walk it . sulk , milburn take the roll case . the remain explorer watch fifield and milburn backtrack into the dark . core chamber door holloway and watt lead they party up to a massive door , seal tight . in design and scale , undeniably important . holloway glance at he map . holloway this should lead to the core of the pyramid . watt Jack it open ? or cut through ? holloway let 's do as little damage as we can . ravel wave a sensor over the wall . ravel there 's power . current flow in the wall . chance begin to inspect the frame of the door . chance maybe we can hack it . have to be a mechanism ... 38 . david look as if they fail to see something obvious . he point at a spot on the wall beside the massive slab . david pull up a rover . I want to get up there . int . magellan - bridge - day janek stand at the window , look down the long canal at the distant pyramid . the ship 's powerful imaging system stream data : stereoscopic feed from the explorer ' flashlight ; a map that grow as they explore . the maze under the pyramid draw in light . a globe of lv - 426 bloom with terrain and weather data as the satellite feed the ship information . vicker appear at janek 's side . janek director . take a interest ? vicker it 's my operation , be not it ? int . pyramid - hub a junction where multiple passageway converge . milburn and fifield trudge into the space , trundle the probe case behind they . tunnel lead away in all direction . fifield what do you think ? milburn Grand Central Station . they open the case . camera probe tumble out : sphere the size of softball , studd with lense and sensor . tiny light come on as the probe awaken . they roll off , disperse to investigate every passageway . bumble into wall and pillar , reversing . explore by random walk . fifield let 's check the feed . gimme the map . milburn you have the map unit . 39 . fifield you do not have the map ? they stare at each other . milburn be you serious ? he trudge back the way they come , in disgust . milburn ( cont 'd ) come on . core chamber door david stand on top of one of the cargo rover . he 's cut a hole in the wall beside the door , high up : he work with probe in the mechanism inside . david look like a three - state switch . a deep boom , echoing inside the ancient wall . nothing move . david ( cont 'd ) one moment ... he move a control . boom . the immense door begin to rise . pyramid - core chamber the vast central chamber of the pyramid . a immense space . holloway walk in , he flashlight search . watt hurry after . the other follow , rover tagging along . a colossal structure stand in the center of the chamber , convolute and strange . a mechanism . chasm yawn in the floor all around it , they depth lose in darkness . the explorer enter , rover in train . they lift they eye : hundred of foot above they they see the pyramid 's apex from within . a shaft of diffuse light penetrate the pyramid somewhere near the peak . ravel this be something , now . david yes . yes , it be . 40 . the android 's awareness be key to a high pitch . he seem to read meaning in the inscrutable structure all around they . holloway haul a drine case out of the rover . two dozen spherical drone tumble out , wake up , and roll off into the dark . they be nimble , hopping curb and skirt chasm . watt look at she atmosphere sensor . astonish . watt Martin . this air 's breathable . the core chamber brighten as the sun outside move into alignment . the shaft of light perfectly center . a vast sigh as if the pyramid itself be breathe . a fat drop of water fall on watt 's glove . she look up in surprise . another fall on she visor . and then it 's raining inside the pyramid . Water trickle into the chasm , inundate the mossy growth that cling to the wall . holloway look at watt with a little boy 's grin . holloway miracles and wonder ! the shaft of light move on . the core chamber dim slightly . the rainfall stop as suddenly as it start . the explorer follow the main path around the periphery of the chamber , past a gallery of mysterious machine . there be marvel in the shadow . cell in the dark apparatus open on startling deposit of color : translucent alabaster flute . honeycombs of pure gold . matrice of crystal . watt wave a scan instrument as she walk . watt intense field reading . huge power source here . pyramid - core chamber - ramp they arrive at a wide open in the floor . a strange ramp curve downward - its floor segment and saw-tooth . a bafflement : it 's not a staircase . not a escalator . no move part . no rail or track . 41 . holloway Space below we . a big space . as they stand look , a probe bumble up to the open and go bound down the ramp . watt laugh . watt how do this work ? she begin to descend on foot . holloway behind she . stillwell , downs , and kamarov grudgingly follow . but david look away across the cavernous chamber - fixate on the central crystal . he beckon ravel and chance to follow he , and walk away . ravel and chance look at each other in astonishment . uncertainly , they follow david . lower passage holloway , watt , and the crewmen reach the bottom of the ramp , breathe hard . a cargo rover trundle down after they . they look back up . the ramp above they be empty . holloway ravel . chance . where have you go ? david ! where be you ? ( to watt , indignantly ) they do not come down ! but watt be stare through a archway . transfix . watt look . she walk in . holloway follow . control concourse a passageway punctuate by alcove as big as band - shell . in each alcove stand a biomechanical apparatus - shape from the same dark material as the pyramid itself . each apparatus imply by its design that a giant be mean to fit inside it . holloway and watt walk the concourse , play they light over the dark machinery . they footstep echo . 42 . watt do you see , the size of they ? like that ghost we see ... holloway it be not a ghost . where be the other ? I do not want to go back up . watt fiddle with she suit 's comm control . listen . watt they switch to channel three . I hear they talk . they be okay . holloway we should stay together . int . pyramid - blind corridor milburn and fifield be lose . they bumble through the dark . milburn this be not the same place . fifield it be ! that be the same freaky thing we see before . he point at a detail of the architecture . milburn no it 's not ! the other one be more ... sort of ... fuck it . ( tap he comm ) milburn to magellan . come in . static . intersection holloway and watt round a corner and stop in they track . kamarov , stillwell , and downs almost run into they . the scientist stand freeze . in front of they lie a dead giant . a engineer . if he be stand , he would be fifteen foot tall . he be roughly human in shape . barrel -chest . withere to the bone . there be bulky protrusion fuse with he flesh : hard to say whether they be equipment or part of he body . 43. his head , lolling to one side , be severe from he body . his eye seem to be cover by goggle ; but if so then the goggle be fuse with he skull . a elephantine proboscis , severe now , once connect to a protrusion on he hip . the giant lie freeze in a convulsion of agony . his jaw gape in a silent scream . his corpse be marre by hideous wound : slashes that cut through bone . the explorer move closer . speechless . kamarov God in Heaven . watt Martin . Martin . holloway I know . look . he lift he light . Beyond the dead giant , a vision of Hell : a dozen dead engineer lie heape against a seal door . twisted in posture of torment , murder in the attempt to escape . all bear horrific wound . scene of a ancient massacre . int . magellan - bridge janek and vicker stare dumbstruck at a 3 - D view of the dead giant capture by the explorer ' camera . int . catacomb - intersection the explorer circle the decapitate giant , hushed with awe . holloway step close . holloway " there be giant in the earth in that day ... and when the son of God come in unto the daughter of man , they bare child to they , who become mighty man . " Genesis six four . lay a glove hand reverently on the giant 's rib . downs ( panicky ) you say do not touch anything ! you say do not touch anything ! 44 . holloway peace . chance the size of they ! holloway in all the old mythology , the visitor from the sky be giant . watt join holloway beside the dead engineer . touches the corpse in she own turn . it 's hard as stone : ossify . she trace the ancient , terrible wound . watt they be kill . all of they . downs stand stare at the dead giant , as shake as kamarov . downs we should not be here . holloway come on . the dead can not hurt you . ( adjust he communicator ) david . chance . ravel . I have get something here . static . watt Communications be go to hell . ext . space - lv-426 orbit one of the magellan 's satellite hurtle along , high above the moon 's atmosphere . it pass over the terminator line between the night side and day side . through the cloud below , a lightning - lace storm front roll across lv - 426 like a wave . int . magellan - bridge - dusk rising wind pluck at the ground cover outside the window . janek turn from the view to look at the holographic globe . janek all hand . back to the ship . we get a mean storm front roll in . I repeat . all hand ... 45 . int . dark CITY - catacomb - intersection stand beside the dead giant , watt and holloway look at each other as the signal come in . janek ( v.o. ) ( staticky ) front roll ... back to the ship . holloway ( into comm ) we have find something here ! I be not walk away for bad weather . int . magellan - bridge - dusk janek shout into he communicator . janek holloway ! I get two -hundre - kilometer wind with airborne silica and enough static to fry you suit . get you ass back here ! now ! ext . central crater - dusk holloway race they cargo rover away from the pyramid , wheel kick up dust . watt ride in back , secure a bulky payload under a tarp on the cargo deck . stillwell , downs , and kamarov cling miserably beside she . watt look back : a massive storm front chase they . a tidal wave of dust shot through with lightning . gale - force wind tear at the ground . lightn lash the pyramid and the crater wall . reaching the magellan , they see the other rover already in the airlock lift . david , ravel , and chance aboard . ext . magellan - airlock lift holloway roar into the lift at speed , the rover skid almost into the opposite wall . watt leap down . the storm wall catch up to they . scream wind rip through the lift . Dust fill the air . visibility plunge toward zero . watt help I unload ! 46 . she pull at the tarp . it tear halfway free - and fill with wind , snap taut with such violence that watt be hurl out into the storm . in the gale watt tumble helplessly : a leaf in the wind . crash into a metal stanchion . cling , the wind knock out of she . ear ringing . nothing but static in she headset . in the lift holloway stare in shock at the place where watt vanish . holloway jocelyn ! with inhuman reflex david react . grab a tether . latch it to he suit . lock it to a anchor point on the wall . dive into the storm . a ballet nearly too fast to follow . in the gale david let the wind take he . skid across the ground , control he trajectory . he hit the stanchion where watt be lodge with a clang as if he be make of iron . watt stare at he in mute astonishment . he lock she suit to he . activate the tether unit 's winch . it whir , reeling they in through the hurricane . in the lift holloway and the other crewmen haul watt and david back inside . holloway and watt embrace fiercely as the lift rise toward the safety of the ship . the crewmen bundle the rover 's tarp - wrap cargo into a seal dumbwaiter that rise independently into the ship . int . magellan - airlock the explorer strip off space suit . watt pull she helmet off . catch david 's eye across the airlock . mouth a silent thank you . he give she the barest nod and vanish into the ship . 47 . the explorer exchange look . a mood of exuberance and wonder prevail now that they be safe home . holloway Day one . smile of wonder as what they have see come home . downs get to hand it to you , professor . you be right . both of you . chance what 's in the tarp ? what would you bring back ? the explorer from watt and holloway 's party exchange look and burst into laughter . watt you do not want to know . stillwell shit . we be two helmet short . he point . the locker label milburn and fifield stand close . the helmet rack empty . the laughter cut off . kamarov they do not come in ! they stare at each other , listen to the wind wail outside . int . magellan - bridge - dusk janek speak urgently into the communicator . janek between the wind speed and the static electricity , there 's no safe way to get to you . you be go to have to hunker down until it pass . how be you provision ? fifield ( v.o . ) we get air . Water and food tabs suit . janek honey sack ? 48 . int . dark CITY - catacomb fifield and milburn stand miserably in a murky passageway . fifield hitches up he space suit 's crotch uncomfortably . fifield yeah , we be pipe . milburn I hate this fuck thing . int . magellan - bridge - dusk fifield ( v.o. ) we hate this fuck , Captain . janek maybe next time you will mind you map . keep you head down . we will come get you in the morning . a burst of static answer he : fifield 's voice scramble by the storm . unintelligible . janek ( cont 'd ) magellan out . mess room - night all hand present except the two miss man . janek play he squeeze box , its archaic music fill the air . tire and exuberant , the man sway and dance mockingly . holloway have a champagne bottle open in each hand . he fill steel cup leave and right . holloway my friend . what we do here mark the great achievement of we species . contact with another civilization . humanity come of age today , on this moon . you be there . ( raise he glass ) to history . they raise cup and drink . even the crew move by the moment . but janek smile crookedly and toast again . 49 . janek to milburn and fifield . the first human being to freak out , get lose , and sleep in they suit in the ruin of a alien civilization . int . pyramid catacomb - night a vast dark maze . milburn and fifield grope they way through the dark with flashlight . the storm howl outside . milburn what be you look for ? fifield ( grop along the wall ) someplace thing can not come at we . milburn what 's gonna come at we ? int . magellan - vickers's suite - night david stand beside vicker at she holography terminal . he lay he hand on over a signal plate - and the terminal light up with a three - dimensional image . the core chamber of the pyramid , from david 's point of view . it 's apparent that david 's eye see more than human eye do . he seem to see heat and electromagnetic energy as well as visible light ; calibrate readout be overlaid on the scene . the structure in the pyramid be surround by complicated pattern of energy . this be incomprehensible technology . david the core of the pyramid . you see . vicker go rigid , look at it : avarice in she eye . vicker we be go to protocol two . david I understand . laboratory a high - tech science facility behind glass . watt and holloway , in lab glove and smock , open the dumbwaiter : 50 . a engineer' head rise into view , ghoulish and elephantine . vapor rise from it . a readout blink : sterilize . they lift it onto the steel table . it take both of they . they pass scanner over the skull . image accumulate and rotate on the laboratory display . x-ray and ultrasound . holloway lean close to study a x-ray image . he almost seem to see a ghostly second face ... watt Martin . look . she trace the head with a ultrasound probe : under the vibration a seam open up around the edge of the face . she get a fingertip into the seam . Works with a probe . pries away the long - dead engineer 's mask . it come free . the visage reveal be human , except for its giant scale . white-skinn . earless . hairless . withere but beautiful as a Greek statue . eye close . a expression of suffer on its face . watt drop the ultrasound probe in shock . watt ( cont 'd ) they look like we . holloway we look like they . Genesis 1:27 . " and God create man in he own image . in he own image create he he . " vicker and david stand outside the lab window , stare in at the god 's head . vicker look shake . david , fascinate . watt cover she nose in revulsion . a horrible stench : the engineer head begin to disintegrate in front of they . flesh ooze , skin peel . accelerate decay . holloway ( cont 'd ) it 's break down . watt formaldehyde ! urgently they ransack cabinet and storage room . watt find a clear plastic drum and dump its content . holloway drag five - gallon jug of preservative out of a cabinet . david watch through the window , almost amused . 51 . david mortal after all . they lift the rotting head into the drum , retching . finger skid in putrefaction . they pour formaldehyde over it . as soon as the head be immerse they rush to strip off they reek glove and smock , scrubbing they hand . the god 's head sit in its murky vat , shed skin and tofu - like chunks of white flesh . the noble face disintegrate . watt and holloway stare at it , breathe hard from they work . vicker flick on the intercom from outside the window . vicker you cadaver 's interesting . but I be more interested in the machinery in the pyramid . the core chamber . what do you think it do ? watt stare at vicker incredulously . watt how could anyone know ... holloway I know what it do . silence . holloway look at vicker wearily , as if he 's see this conversation come . he glance at watt . holloway ( cont 'd ) think . what we have see . what we know . watt rise to the challenge . think on she foot . watt twenty - four pyramid scattered around the moon 's equator . massive power supplies . vent in the wall . atmosphere change . breeder tank ... ( she 's get it ) the pyramid be terraforming machine . holloway grin , exuberant . his theory play out perfectly . he do not see vicker stiffen . her hand curling into fist . holloway that 's why Earth 's ancient culture build pyramid : in imitation of the god . ( more ) 52 . holloway ( cont 'd ) twelve thousand year ago , being from the sky set pyramid on the Earth and transformed the world . that 's what they be do here - before they civilization fail . watt stare at the head in its tank . the severe neck . watt it do not fail . it be wipe out . int . catacomb - insect chamber milburn and fifield have bunk down in a new chamber : they slouch against a wall . milburn sweep the room with he headlamp . stoop to lift something into the light . milburn look at this ! a centipede , three foot long and thick as man 's thumb . its hard shell be gray . it have a hammer-head like a shark . fifield Jesus ! put it down ! he leap back , wild - eye . milburn laugh at he . let the eyeless centipede wind its segment body around he space- suite arm . in the flat face , a white vertical slit appear . change quickly to a horizontal position ; open enough to suggest a mouth . milburn do not notice this development . milburn relax . you suit 's bug-proof . Hell , it 's bulletproof . the centipede spiral around he arm , glitter , its body move in fluid wave . the blind head quest between he finger . milburn lose he nerve as the thing 's mouth suddenly gape wide as a shark 's . milburn ( cont 'd ) that 's enough . he try to pull it off . the centipede lock its segment together and dig in with its body . it might as well be make of iron . 53. milburn ( cont 'd ) ( panicking ) get it off ! it 's crush I ! fifield pull out a utility knife . cut into the centipede 's body behind its head . a gout of greed acid spill over milburn 's glove . smoke rise as the acid quickly burn a hole through the material . milburn 's shout of astonishment turn to a wail of agony . milburn ( cont 'd ) ahh ! help I ! Christ ! the centipede snake into the smoking hole in the glove . crawl upward into milburn 's suit - toward he head . int . magellan - laboratory - night holloway stand study the data display : cross-section of the engineer 's skull . watt scrutinize the head itself , she nose a inch from the plastic tank . not a pretty sight . as she watch , a current in the formaldehyde peel away one gossamer eyelid . the reveal eye be black as obsidian , iridescent like opal . a jewel . fascinate , watt pull out a plastic case . open it to reveal a high - tech control unit with a screen . she pop open a plastic capsule : remove a tiny seed probe , smaller than a grain of rice . drop it into the vat . under she guidance , the seed probe swim to the severe neck . Burrows into the medulla oblongata toward the brain . on a screen : in the probe 's Pov the medulla look like a tunnel . the probe climb along neural channel . another screen show the probe 's progress through the skull . glasse enter . stands beside holloway to watch watt at work . holloway you will not get anything . tissue 's too degrade . hmm . Brain chamber 's massive , even proportionately . watt neural path be still conductive . 54 . the seed probe reach the optic nerve of the expose eye - and its Pov fill with a vision of glory : a beautiful woman 's face surround by a mystical nimbus of light . a angel . glasse and holloway gasp . the woman in the blurry vision be watt - as see by the dead engineer 's eye . glasse incredible . the image dissolves into noise . error message flicker across the display . watt sigh . watt formaldehyde 's kill the tissue . holloway stare at watt , awe on he face . holloway do you record that ? watt of course . at a lab table watt dissect one of the engineer 's eye - work underwater in a shallow tub of preservative . glasse look on avidly , a unabash fan . watt wear a pair of magnify goggle on she forehead - the lense lowering and rise at need . she bisect the apple-size eyeball carefully and extract the hard lens from behind the cornea . hold the lens up to she eye . it be opalescent , almost luminous . watt ( cont 'd ) the lens be where the phase shift happen . the uncorrect view through the lens be blurry . watt ( cont 'd ) glasse . I want to look through this lense . can you seal they and do the optical correction ? glasse reach out and pluck the magnify goggle from watt 's forehead . he grin . glasse get a idea about that . 55 . int . catacomb - insect chamber milburn writhes on the ground , heel drum frantically against the deck . excruciate scream . fifield kneel over he , helplessly pull at the tail of the centipede - which have all but vanish into milburn 's suit . a trickle of scarlet from the hole . fifield be delirious with horror . he clutches at the centipede in vain . it slip through he glove . milburn claw at fifield , wild - eye . milburn cut off my arm . cut off my - he convulse . spit blood . the head of the centipede emerge between he tooth . he seize . choke and die . fifield Jesus Christ ! he leap up . back away . run into the dark . int . catacomb - lonely passage - night fifield stumble along . exhausted . pour sweat inside he suit . he be hopelessly lose . he slam into a resinous structure that topple to the floor . thing break . he whip he light around in jittery paranoia . tap at he comm control , get only static . in fifield 's headlamp beam , the blackness be fill with mote of light . a blizzard of tiny fly insect . scarab . fifield fifield to magellan . come on , come on . anybody , seriously ! God damn it ! scarab flit through the darkness around he . they alight on he shoulder . crawl over he visor . obscure he vision . fifield ( cont 'd ) get off ! he swat at he visor , kill some . the crush insect produce acid that eat into the plexiglass in second . 56 . fifield ( cont 'd ) shit . he twist , craning with he flashlight to inspect himself . brushes scarab away right and leave . acid open a hole in he visor . scarab be inside . buzz around he head . fifield freak out , claw at he helmet . a scarab bite he cheek . flash on : the microscopic world - as strange DNA invade fifield 's bloodstream . virulent strand of protein attack the native DNA , transform ... fifield as he pupil dilate , breath hiss into he nostril . his expand body stiffen as if shocked by a powerful electric current . he scream . Falls , convulse . ext . magellan - night the storm batter the ship , bounce it on its suspension . scientist ' cabin - night watt and holloway lie in bed , exhaust . arm around each other . watt stare into space . watt we find the god . and they have be murder . holloway you have pried too many arrowhead out of old skull to get squeamish now . they have be dead what , eighteen hundred year ? two thousand ? watt what could kill they ? holloway contemplate the question . holloway who know ? ( he laugh bitterly ) ( more ) 57 . holloway ( cont 'd ) but I guess we know why they never come back to we . something kill they off - back around the time of Christ . maybe he be one of they ! a great teacher , send from Heaven ? Jesus . the last engineer . watt Martin , stop ! she slap at he . holloway laugh . bridge janek stand at the Bridge window , stare out into the storm . buffete cloud and howling wind . the lighthouse beam of the magellan 's beacon sweeping through the cloud . he play he squeeze box in the tooth of the storm . janek ( singing ) you will come a-waltze , Matilda , with I ... behind he , david appear on the Bridge . steal across the Bridge to a ladder . descend into the compartment below ... navigation computer room david activate the navigation computer terminal : light bathes he face . his finger fly over the keyboard , silently and swiftly , with superhuman dexterity . david ( quietly ) activate . administrative override . ext . magellan - dawn daylight filter through the cloud . the storm have pass . the magellan sit intact on its landing strut . int . magellan - vickers's suite - secret room - dawn the high - tech room hum at a different frequency now . indicator light green and ready . vicker throw switch . 58 . four hibernation pod slide out of the metal wall . from each pod , a muscular soldier rouse from sleep . they be scar and crew-cut . tough customer . they wake like veteran . they leader sit up and clasp he head with a wince . this be captain shepherd , a career mercenary who have follow the high paycheck to this strange duty . vicker Captain shepherd . shepherd ( squinting in the light ) report . lydia vicker . I be you authority . shepherd ( cont 'd ) understood . vicker I will brief you on the way . we need to move . shepherd no breakfast ? corridor vicker stride forward . four soldier at she heel : Captain shepherd , vigoda , ray , and card . they walk in unison , they boot drum on the deck . scientist ' cabin holloway and watt lie sleep . the distant drum of march foot rouse they . watt frown at holloway . watt what be that ? e.v.a. room the prep room inside the airlock . a soldier , vigoda , wait there : a slim dark man with a air of calm . holloway and watt arrive in civilian clothes , perplex . 59 . holloway where be everybody ? we can not - ( he stop short ) who be you ? vigoda Captain janek take he crew out to retrieve he miss man . they never come in . holloway and you be ... vigoda vigoda . weyland Security detail . the scientist be dumbfounded . his presence be impossible . watt where would you come from ? vigoda director 's call to brief you on that . I be suppose to escort you to the worksite . holloway worksite ? vigoda glance at a mapp unit . vigoda have not be out yet . I understand it 's in some kind of pyramid . corridor - vickers's cabin door a furious holloway and watt , trail by vigoda , arrive at vicker 's cabin . they be astonished to find shepherd stand guard at the door . vickers's suite vicker sit calmly at she desk . holloway and watt stand in front of she , bristle . holloway why be not I tell about this additional personnel ? vicker they be my personnel . on my ship . 60 . watt what be the gun for ? vicker look at they unflappably . sure of she ground now . vicker I be be careful . this new find give we work a new importance . watt you should have talk to we . martin' mission leader . that 's in we contract . vicker the second you find alien technology , control of this mission revert to I . that 's in you contract too . watt and holloway exchange grim look . vicker have they . vicker ( cont 'd ) Mr. weyland 's pour trillion into Mars . he 's spend a fortune building ship like the magellan to search for colony planet . but earthlike world be vanishingly rare . the right distance from the sun , the right atmosphere , enough water ... she glance across the suite at she holographic display : a live feed from the pyramid worksite , where david work on the terraforming equipment . vicker ( cont 'd ) this be a technology to transform world . he will never give it up . ( she turn to face they ) and neither will I . holloway the science must come first . you can wait until we have document ... vicker you be stand on a alien world courtesy of weyland industry . be grateful . watt approach the holography terminal , stare at the image in horror . watt what be they do in there ?! 61 . int . pyramid - core chamber - day watt and holloway , in space suit , arrive on the scene : powerful floodlight illuminate the core chamber , beat back the gloom . a fine spray of water fall out of the darkness overhead . david , chance , and ravel be dismantle the hulk mechanism at the core of the pyramid - peel its thick skin away with power saw and compact explosive . david operate a diamond - blade hull see , carve away the terraforming system thick skin . robotic scanner take high -resolution scan of the machinery . two weyland Security soldier - Card and Ray - stand guard in combat vacuum suit . Automatic rifle at the ready . watt take in the destruction with dismay . beside she , holloway be all but gnash he tooth . catacomb janek drive a cargo rover carry a search party , flashlight beam sweeping : stillwell , glasse , downs , and Brick . janek study a electronic map as he drive . glasse ( into comm ) milburn . fifield . you read I ? come back . janek we should be get beacon off they suit . stillwell shield in the wall ? brick suit could have fail . janek both suit ? pyramid - core chamber watt watch in rage as a large section of the central mechanism 's fall with a thunderous clamor to the deck . 62 . holloway touch she shoulder . motion for she to follow . lower passage holloway and watt pass the dead Engineers they discover the previous day . watt we find the tomb of the god , and bring grave - robber right to the door . holloway let they scratch . this find 's too big to ruin . there 's two dozen pyramid on this moon . anyway , they be on the wrong track . that 's infrastructure . holloway play he flashlight over the biomechanical apparatuse lining the wall . holloway ( cont 'd ) the core activity of the complex be down here . they turn a corner . dead engineer lie scattered over the floor in front of they . desiccate and skeletal . Long dead . watt move among they , fascinate . this Engineers all die of explosive chest wound : rib bent outward from within . they be otherwise unmark . holloway 's more interested in the mechanism : high - tech iron maiden , build to fit the body of giant . some suggest sit position , other stand . they design be invasive : mean not merely to embrace , but to penetrate , to fuse . watt something different kill this . shadowy colonnade watt and holloway explore a wide colonnade . she be still distract by the ancient dead ; he by the machinery . holloway walk down a narrow branching hall . so intent on the mechanism in the wall , he almost do not see the airshaft plunging down into darkness in front of he . he stop just in time . turn back ... 63. a ghost appear right in front of he - a giant drag himself across the floor , he monstrous visage eye to eye with holloway and loom closer . holloway leap back with a gasp - and fall down the shaft . the ghost stare after he as if watch he fall . disappear in a puff of static . watt cross down the main colonnade , search . watt Martin ? Martin ! a iris door close over the shaft . colonnade search , watt walk anxiously through the dark , sweeping with she light . shout for holloway . she break into a run . catacomb - milburn' resting place janek and stillwell stand aghast . they flashlight illuminate a hideous sight : milburn lie dead on the deck . his body contort in agony . his head inside he helmet be gnaw down to the bone . stillwell what happen to he ? stillwell remove the dead man 's helmet . the centipede scuttle out onto the deck : double in size . stillwell leap back with a cry . janek pull he pistol . put three round through the bug . it die in a spray of acid that burn hole in the black floor . janek watch in astonishment as a pin-prick dot of acid eat a pit in he gunbarrel . downs ( o.s. ) Captain . downs approach , hold piece of a shattered helmet : the stencill lettering on the helmet read fifield . janek 's jaw clenches grimly . his voice be resign : janek where 's the rest of he ? 64 . downs no sign . janek all right . we be do here . all hand back aboard . stillwell what about milburn ? they look down at the ravage corpse . janek we can not bring the body aboard . God know what 's in there . bag he . we will put he in a ore hopper . int . magellan - vickers's suite vicker stare at she holography terminal : it display janek 's helmet - cam view : the milburn 's body , seal in clear plastic in the bed of a cargo rover . janek ( v.o. ) ( filter ) repeat , I have two man down . I be pull my crew back to the ship . I would advise you to do the ... watt ( v.o. ) ( break in , filter ) please , anyone ... I need help . martin' miss . vicker look nervously from one video feed to the next . janek ( v.o. ) ( filter ) watt . where be you ? vicker turn : Captain shepherd stand behind she , watch . she strive to control the quaver in she voice . vicker Captain shepherd . consider yourself responsible for my personal security . catacomb - juncture watt stand beside janek 's rover in a wide dark passageway . 65 . janek I have just lose a third of my crew . I be not send any more man off into the dark . watt we can not leave Martin out there . janek get vicker to lend you some soldier . watt ( furiously ) she say " she force be commit . " janek sigh . glance at the rover : milburn dead in the back , stillwell , downs and kamarov look jumpy and eager to go . downs shake he head grimly : no way . david ( o.s. ) I will stay . david step out of the dark . calm as ever . a slim machine gun sling over he shoulder . david ( cont 'd ) you will be safe . watt thank you . ext . magellan - day janek and he crew unload milburn 's body from the rover . janek put he in the number one ore hopper . get the scrubber on in the airlock . sterilize everything . minute later stillwell use a remote to lower a ore hopper from the belly of the ship . a thick steel bin on heavy chain . he load the body bag into the hopper . int . magellan - airlock the crewmen enter one at a time - blast by sterilizing spray and radiation . 66 . int . pyramid - lower passage david and watt move through the dark . she search with she flashlight beam . david look around in the dark as if the catacomb be illuminate . rapt admiration on he face . david you and holloway should work with I . I be learn amazing thing . this mechanism - the first layer use energy field to catalyze chemical reaction . the second can suspend the strong and weak force - transmute one element into another . the third layer build customize bacteria . seed the air with they . it create life as a tool , to change world . watt I can not think about this now ! david you should . ( he sigh ) I understand . you be emotional . watt I be human . david that 's what I mean . int . magellan - bridge - dusk janek stand on the Bridge , look out at the fade light . a tower wall of cloud rush over the horizon . a storm front roll across the holographic globe . int . pyramid - lower passage david and watt keep search . they communicator crackle . janek ( v.o. ) ( filter ) watt . we have get another storm front come in . look like it follow the sunset line . if you be come in you would better do it now . 67 . watt ( angrily ) no . david I see light . watt squint into the darkness . she see nothing . watt janek , hang on ... she see it . a dim light bob far ahead in the passageway . she run forward - find holloway staggering blearily toward she , lean on the wall . his helmet and most of he gear be miss ; only he chest lamp shine . watt ( cont 'd ) we have get he ! ( to holloway ) Martin ! where 's you helmet ? he 's disorient : he stare at she face for a moment before she register . his tooth chatter . he 's freezing . holloway Broken . I fall . Little ... disorient . I have just be ... he wave a hand vaguely at the tunnel behind he . david remove he own helmet . fit it over holloway 's head . david here . I can do without this . watt let 's get you home . ext . magellan - airlock lift - dusk david - barehead in the wind - walk watt and holloway onto the airlock . david look over he shoulder at the canal lead back to the central crater . as the airlock lift begin to rise , he step backward out into the storm . turn and run through the gale toward the pyramid . watt watch he go in astonishment . 68 . int . magellan - excursion chamber watt help holloway out of he space suit . janek look on . janek I do not think I would see you again . you know we lose two man . holloway still look too weary to think straight . he nod . holloway she tell I . I be sorry . he stand abruptly , sway a little . holloway ( cont 'd ) I need to lie down . we will size thing up in the morning . Fair enough ? janek of course . passageway holloway and watt walk aft toward they cabin . watt look worried - but holloway show little of the weakness he just claim to feel . watt what happen to you ? holloway ( quietly ) not here . scientist ' cabin - washroom - night holloway stand shirtless in the tiny space , brush he tooth . a red weal around he neck . watt stand beside he , watch he in the mirror . holloway jocelyn . I see something . God , my mouth taste like a old boot . he spit . rinse . she touch the mark on he neck . watt what 's this ? 69 . holloway neck -ring of my suit , I think . fell on it . he rub he neck , eye far away . watt watch he curiously . watt what do you see ? holloway after my fall , I wake up walk . delirious . my helmet be not right . I take it off . I be in and out . I just wander . I go up into a huge space like a cathedral . and I find a model of the galaxy . float in the air . watt be you okay ? you sound ... holloway this be real . my headset video be wherever my helmet be ... but my suit tracker will show where I be . he turn to she . holloway ( cont 'd ) listen . this star map have a marker represent Earth . very clear . another marker I be sure represent this moon . but there be other . at least seven or eight more . watt stare at he , she eye come alight . holloway ( cont 'd ) the Engineers be not from here . this moon 's just a outpost . abandon . but if we follow that map , we may yet make contact with a live civilization . watt Martin . holloway the location of the engineer world be the real prize . next to that , weyland 's terraforming be chump change . we need to get coordinate . and keep they from the company . we have to play this smart . 70 . watt all right . holloway two man dead ... vicker be jumpy . as soon as she get what she want , she will take this ship home . we have to move fast . holloway tremble . a sheen of sweat on he skin . watt we will . you all right ? he 's frighten . brazen through it . pull she into he arm . holloway I be fine , now . he kiss she . bedroom holloway tumble watt onto the bed . pull she shirt off . they struggle out of they clothes , cling to one another . holloway 's ill at ease : something 's wrong inside he , he feel it . he dive into watt as if for refuge . they make love . sitting atop holloway , watt lay a hand on he chest . watt you heart 's beat so hard . holloway that 's you fault . vulnerability in he voice . fear under the surface . he roll on top of she . drive she into the mattress . she hold he protectively : not deceive by he bravado . suddenly holloway tense , muscle rigid . shudder . watt draw breath through she tooth with a hiss . eye open . her finger rake he back . he scream . horribly . eye bulg . tendon stand out of he throat . watt jump violently underneath he . 71 . watt Martin ! Martin ! he begin to convulse . she roll he onto the bed beside she , try to contain he spasm . his tooth grind . watt ( cont 'd ) Martin ! a horrible crack . in the middle of holloway 's chest , beneath the sternum , a grotesque head push out through the skin . a parasite . blood fountain from the ruinous wound . holloway go into a massive seizure . violently lash out . watt stare at the parasite fight its way out of he body . it be white and boneless . glisten . it flail its hideous lung jaw . watt scream and scream . the parasite frees itself from its savage womb and turn on watt . she slap at it blindly . it hiss at she . she squirm away across the floor , tangle in the bloody sheet . the thing come after she . corridor - tracking shot watt 's scream echo through the magellan . stillwell run down the hallway , search for the source . scientist ' cabin the parasite chase watt across the floor . she leap into the clothes - locker and slam the steel door . the parasite flatten itself . slick as a octopus , it begin to slide under the locker door . watt shriek in horror . stillwell burst into the cabin , janek right behind he . Quick as a cat , the parasite dart to a floor vent and slither bonelessly between the bar . watt burst out of the locker , naked and bloody . rushes to holloway where he lie on the gory mattress , a horrific hole in he chest . he be beyond all help . watt Martin . Martin ! 72 . janek and stillwell struggle to take in what they be see . stillwell pull holloway 's jacket off a chair . wrap it around watt . pull she gently away from the bed . she look at he , uncomprehend . shock set in . break room watt sit at a steel table , deep in shock . she wear a oversize crew coverall : she skin still streak with dry blood under the fabric . a knot of crewmen around she . janek , stillwell , Brick , glasse and downs . janek look at glasse . janek take care of she . get she a sedative . downs . get holloway into a freezer . everybody else with I . int . catacomb - darkness a horrible sound of breathe , rag and wet . in a corner , light by a green glow from seam in the floor - a figure in a white space suit lie writhe weakly . the insignia on the suit 's chestplate read fifield . the suit 's helmet be shattered . Inside the helmet , fifield 's head be a horror : a gelatinous mass , skin reduce to putty . the soften bone of he skull change shape as we watch . elongate . fifield mews in pain . int . magellan - captain wardroom janek key open the arm locker in he wardroom . unlock automatic pistol from they rack one by one , and hand they to stillwell and kamarov . hypersleep compartment holloway 's body lie freeze in he hypersleep freezer , blue with frost . the horrific wound yawn in he chest . watt enter . clean up . she open the freezer . her hand caress holloway 's cold cheek tenderly . slide over he collarbone - lie flat on he chest above he awful wound . 73. glasse enter . react in dismay . tries to pull she back . glasse you do not want to see that ... she turn on he fiercely . watt I want to understand . int . mess room - dawn the entire complement of the ship gather for a emergency meeting . janek at the head of the hall . glasse , downs , Brick , stillwell , and kamarov seat with pistol on they hip . to one side : vicker with Captain shepherd and vigoda . janek all right ! listen up . I expect you all know what ... watt enter . they all stare at she , know what she 's be through . with avert eye she cross the room . sit alone . janek ( cont 'd ) we have get some kind of parasite aboard ship . vicker I suggest you kill it . downs there 's a bright idea . kamarov show we where it be , lady . we just spend five hour look for the damn thing . watt we find Engineers who die like Martin . silence . they all turn to look at she . watt ( cont 'd ) explosive wound in the chest . whatever kill Martin be the same thing that kill the Engineers a thousand year ago . 74 . stillwell Jesus . watt but not all the Engineers die that way . the other be tear apart . slashed to piece . a murmur among the man as the implication of that sink in . even vicker be disconcert . janek we be a modular ship . self-contain life - support and power in every section . I say put the ship in orbit . vent every compartment to space . sit in vacuum at twenty degree kelvin for a week . kill anything . downs then what ? stillwell straight home , man . vicker this ship do not lift until we work 's do . she join janek at the head of the room . shepherd and vigoda flank she , rifle sling . the soldier scan the room , meeting each man 's eye . the quiet threat be unmistakable . janek be you serious ? vicker we spend year and billion of dollar get here . the technology we come for be in we hand . we just need a little more time . janek we be barely here three day and three man dead ! vicker they be careless . janek careless ! as the argument pick up heat , watt slip out of the room . 75 . excursion chamber watt , in a space suit , no helmet , open holloway 's locker . she pull out the space suit he wear on the last day of he life . holloway stencile on the chest . her finger linger in its fold as if she could soak up some last trace of he . she pull the tracking chip from the chestplate of he suit . plug the chip into a map unit . the holographic map light up . the legend in the corner read martin holloway . a wander path show holloway 's final exploration . marker on the map denote he photograph , field note and scan . watt touch a marker . one of holloway 's field note play : holloway ( v.o . ) ( filter ) Seven dead Engineers all face the same way . go where ? jocely n's right , we do not see the big picture yet . another level below I . I be go down . service corridor a hunt party convene : Card and vigoda in combat coverall with submachine gun ; downs , kamarov and stillwell wear tool belt and pistol . the soldier carry map unit , squinting at the plan of the unfamiliar ship : deck upon deck . card vigoda , take kamarov and work the number one accessway . I will work number three with downs and stillwell . downs ( rebellious ) you in charge now ? card tactical op . kamarov yeah , well , stillwell 's the ventilation specialist , and life support 's that way . downs be electrics and the regulator be that way . 76 . vigoda grin wryly . Card glower . they switch corridor . int . pyramid worksite ravel and chance toil away at they dissection of the terraforming pyramid . Ray stand sentry . david be nowhere to be see . watt roll up in a rover and get out . head for the ramp to the catacomb below . ravel and chance watch she pass without comment and return to they work . int . magellan - service deck - day kamarov and vigoda , stand in front of a open vent , be in a full - fledge argument . kamarov you get the rifle . but you want I to stick my head in the hole . vigoda we grunt do not know nothing about ship , right ? kamarov what 's the damn gun for if you be gonna stand behind I the whole time ? vigoda grin . vigoda I kill whatever kill you . kamarov funny . you take this vent , funny guy . I will be on four . int . pyramid - ramp watt descend alone into the lower passage below the pyramid . a tiny figure in the vast darkness . she hold she map unit as a pilgrim hold a bible : a guide in the darkness . holloway 's name and course in shine symbol . she follow he path into the unknown . 77 . int . magellan - maintenance BAY - day kamarov carry a stepladder into a utilitarian steel compartment . drop the ladder under a air vent and step up . he pull a power wrench from he belt . with the wrench cocked like a hammer , he ease up and peer cautiously through the vent with a flashlight . nothing to see . he snort . remove the vent cover . feel around inside . he gasp in shock . pull out a atmosphere sensor that 's be bitten in half . he take he comm handset off he belt . kamarov ( into handset ) I get more damage on four . he hang the handset on he belt . take one last look into the vent . squint curiously . reaches deep inside . a hiss inside the vent . kamarov whip he flashlight up , peer inside . snatch he arm back - - but something snatch he faster . a unseen force drag kamarov 's right arm into the vent with hideous strength . he cry out in pain . he drop he light . tries to reach he pistol with he leave hand . it 's on he right hip . he can not reach across . he brace he head against the vent 's edge . clench he tooth and strain . a horrific yank drag he head and arm together into the vent . they barely fit : he lose some skin on the way in . his foot come off the stepladder . he struggle on tip-toe . horrific force collapse kamarov 's shoulder . Bones crack . the thing in the vent drag he through that hole he do not fit through . by the time he rib be in he stop scream . his body disappear into the hole . hip , leg , boot . bridge janek stand stare out at the barren moon . the Bridge intercom squawks : brick ( v.o. ) Captain ! 78 . janek Brick . what you get ? brick ( v.o. ) it 's kamarov . engineering deck - atmosphere plant the magellan 's life support center . a deep rumble of ventilation fan . janek and stand beside Brick , glasse , downs and stillwell . shepherd and vigoda look on from the doorway . in front of they , a eight - inch metal duct have be cut open . kamarov be stuff inside , dead and break : limb fold , drench in blood . a human plug in a pipe . int . catacomb watt move through the darkness with she map unit . her headlamp sweeping nervously . a clatter behind she make she spin : but it 's only a spherical mapp probe , bumbling through the dark . she walk on - holloway ( o.s. ) ( filter ) jocelyn ! the voice transfix she where she stand , a look of holy dread on she face . shiver , she prowl toward the sound . xenomorph incubator watt enter a new chamber , look around in astonishment . the dome ceiling be honeycombed with cell like a beehive . grotesque molluscoid organism be secrete in they - they vile orifice cinched tightly shut . watt stumble on something : look down , she see a helmet . pick it up . the stencile label read holloway . the clear visor have be melt through by a powerful acid . she look up : a tracheal airshaft curve up into the dark . a electric crackle . a flare of blue light make watt leap back against the wall . 79 . holloway fall out of overhead shaft and crash to the floor . he lie in pain , barely conscious . Blue and luminous , a holographic ghost . watt stare , paralyze . the ghost gasp out a word : holloway jocelyn ! holloway 's headlamp shine on the molluscoid right overhead : the beam awaken the organism . its sphincter mouth dilate . a soft white octopoid facehugger descend on a quivering rope of mucus . sprawl slitheringly over he clear visor . acid hiss . smoke rise from the glass . the vision vanish in a sizzle of static . watt huddle against the wall , gasp . in the beam of she flashlight , the facehugger lie dead , leg curl in . she look up . see the open molluscoid above where holloway lay . the other molluscoid not yet open in they cell . terror . she steal out of the chamber . lower corridor watt emerge into a hallway . leans against the wall , wide - eye . pant with the horror of what she 's see . she glance leave and right . jumpy now . all be silent . she lift the map unit . a trace lead off into the dark . if holloway 's course before be direct and clear , now it be a meander thread . a drunkard 's walk . int . magellan - corridor janek pull he communicator from he belt as he stride along . punch a control . his voice reverberate over the ship 's public address system . janek all hand , duty station . ready for flight . the magellan be lift . vicker pursue he down the corridor , shouting . 80 . vicker Captain . Captain ! bridge janek stride onto the Bridge , vicker a terrier on he heel . but something in the face of he man stop he cold . glasse and Brick look stricken . janek what be it ? glasse nav computer 's not respond . " access deny . " in disbelief , janek stride to he Captain 's chair . tap control . what he see take the wind out of he . he stare at vicker in outrage and violation . janek what have you do to my ship ? vicker be legitimately shocked . she shake she head . vicker nothing . what 's wrong ? int . catacomb - underground hangar a circular chamber of stun size - a thousand foot across . its lofty ceiling flat and segment , design to open . watt follow she map into the space in awe . dominate the hangar be a ship : the vast horseshoe - shape vessel familiar from the original film . we will come to know it as the juggernaut . it 's at rest on its landing gear . skeletal gangway slant up to its three massive door . watt glance at she map : holloway 's holographic trace lead right up the gangway into the ship . she go . pilot chamber watt pass through a circular space with a high dome ceiling . a green glow emanate from groove in the floor . in the center of the chamber : a pilot' chair . 81 . a mechanical throne build to giant scale . its seat segment like a armadillo 's back . tube and conduit poise and wait for some connection . the chair be empty . above the chair , a massive telescope - like apparatus jut into the air , its function unknowable . navigation chamber a extraordinary facility . a console , nearly five foot high and broad as a dance floor , dominate the room . four immense coffin-like cockpit be build into the console . in each of this a navigator - a engineer - lie long dead . but the real spectacle be overhead . the orrery : the barrel - vault ceiling be trace with circular arch of some exotic alloy , as if to trace celestial course . the air above the console be fill with sphere of light . they be nearly still : but close study reveal they all to be in motion , drift with the movement of the cosmos . watt stare at the orrery in amazement . somewhere among that heavenly sphere be Earth . somewhere perhaps the homeworld of the Engineers themselves . a bizarre sound : a section of blank wall suddenly unravel itself , become a open door . david walk in , he hand raise in command . he clearly cause the door to open . watt david . david Dr. watt . I do not expect you . do you know what this be ? watt point at the door david just open . watt how do you do that ? a flicker of disappointment in the android 's face . contempt . david ah . you do not see . ( he smile ) I call this ship the Juggernaut . chariot of the god . ( more ) 82. david ( cont 'd ) this be the navigation computer , for want of a better term . but it 's much more than that . it seem to hold the observable universe in its memory . he gesture in the air : the sphere reconfigure themselves at he command , swarm and zoom . watt stare at david , conflict : she desire for information warring with the agenda that bring she here . watt they homeworld . do you see where the Engineers come from ? david there be safeguard on that data . it 's toward the galactic center . Sagittarius Arm . watt david . the creature that kill Martin . there be thousand of they under the pyramid . hatchery . david I know . watt ( shocked ) that thing wipe out the Engineers on this moon . david I have succeed in connect with the Juggernaut 's system , Dr. watt . I know a great deal today I do not know yesterday . I be on the verge of activate more system . Archives . watt ( horrified ) you be turn thing on ? this site should be seal . evacuate . david would holloway have walk away from this ? there 's no great work I can imagine . watt it 's too dangerous . 83. david only for the ignorant . Dr. watt . I have read you file . you intelligence score be even higher than Professor holloway 's . but he have a kind of courage . a audacity of imagination . if you could find that in yourself ... watt stare at he , realization grow in she eye . david be off the reservation . watt if you owner give you a direct order , you have to obey . do not you ? she 's get he attention now . david go rigid . watt ( cont 'd ) I can have vicker pull you out . david look at she with something like contempt . david I be give two operate protocol for this mission . I be to render you every assistance - until you discover what vicker would call a " game - change technology . " I be give a specific list . then I be to go to protocol two . there 's a edge in he voice that scare she . watt what 's protocol two ? david under protocol two I be to make sure that you and holloway never speak to anyone about this place . various acceptable way of make sure of that . I be give a list . watt lose she nerve . she head for the door . david ( cont 'd ) you be all so stupid . the door begin to knit itself close in front of she . watt gasp in shock - at the malice in david 's voice as much as the close door . she dive out . just in time . 84 . vaulted passage watt run . behind she , the door burst open again . with superhuman speed , david come after she . he run like a demon , he leg steel piston . carome off of wall . he close the distance in second . slap watt against the wall , shatter she helmet 's visor . she fall , daze . david stupid and slow . int . juggernaut - egg chamber watt awaken . her helmet be go . david be drag she across the floor - into a huge cargo hold full of alien egg . the wide trench hold hundred of egg under a membrane of light : a evolution of the molluscoid watt see before . armore , harden , darker . watt david . what be you do ? he haul she upright to let she look across the huge space . his grip look casual but it might as well be iron manacle . david Juggernaut , the chariot of krishna , be also a bringer of death . crush he worshipper under its wheel . he drag watt down into the trench . break the membrane of light . grip she against he chest like a doll with one arm . david ( cont 'd ) this ship have seven other cargo bay like this one . the egg in each bay slightly different . they have be weaponize . watt struggle to free herself . david 's arm be inescapable . david ( cont 'd ) I have see the Juggernaut 's flight plan . its destination be Earth . seventeen hundred year ago . this be the ship that never come . this be its cargo . 85 . david caress a alien egg . it open under he touch - fleshy petal fold wetly back . watt twist frantically in he grip . Wild -ey . watt stop ! david perfect predator . design to kill human being . that 's what the Engineers be bring to Earth . this be a death ship . a facehugger emerge from the egg , its grotesque finger claw at the air . this be not the boneless squid that attack holloway ; this be a pale skeletal hand , armored . david stroke it curiously : the thing ignore he touch . climb watt 's body . david ( cont 'd ) I be not what it want . but you , with you warm wet breath ... it know you . watt david . no. no. the facehugger scuttle toward she face . watt shriek . david grab it nonchalantly by the tail . dangle it in front of they face , study it . david the Engineers do they work too well . and on this waystation moon , the weapon they make destroy they . watt shudder , stare at the thing . for a moment the grander horror eclipse she own peril . watt why would they make such thing ? david to destroy they wayward child . ( intoning ) " and the lord say , I will destroy man whom I have create from the face of the earth ... for it repenteth I that I have make they . " Genesis six seven . he regards watt with something almost like pity . 86 . david ( cont 'd ) I know . I meet my creator the day I be bear . I be disappointed too . he let the facehugger go . watt twist she face away as the long finger close around she head . clench she tooth against the vile proboscis thrust at she mouth . her heel hammer the deck . david ( cont 'd ) ( whisper to she ) extraordinary . the scaly tail throttles she . her mouth open . the proboscis plunge home . the facehugger seat itself . watt collapse in david 's arm , a faceless rag doll . her blasphemous passenger secure in its place . int . magellan - engineering deck - bilge the lowest deck , just above the gravity generator . condensate have accumulate : six inch of filthy water . Card and vigoda prowl through the darkness , rifle ready . card who would hang out here ? vigoda the sign lead here . a wet splatter behind they : they spin . but it 's only a trickle of condensate from a drainpipe . they move on . behind they , from a eight - inch diameter pipe , a white Mass ooze , almost gelatinous . silently as a liquid it pour itself into the stagnant water - and stand up . it be a humanoid demon , spindly limb and bony back . boneless and flexible and monstrously strong . a thresh eel 's tail . its blunt head dolphin-like and elongate . it open its mouth . a pair of bony jaw jut out impossibly far , hungry and demonic . the alien strike . Card be gut in a instant , tear up like a paper doll . he scream hideously and drop . the alien , whiplash fast , shoot away into the darkness . 87 . stillwell and downs dash in with pistol and light . vigoda , panic , fire a wild burst . stillwell duck . beside he , downs arch backward into the foul water . Dead . for one moment downs 's flashlight beam illuminate the alien . a nightmare image , a translucent white goblin . backlit , it show the strange shape of a human face inside its fleshy skull . a mockery of holloway . and then it 's go . vickers's suite vicker sit at she holography station . she 's watch the video feed of stillwell 's headset : horrific image of downs . Radio chatter between stillwell and Brick be faintly audible . vicker switch off the machine and rise nervously . stride to she communication console . vicker david . david . answer I . she give up . pace . hand shaking violently . int . magellan - bridge - day janek pace on the foredeck , restless . glasse monitor a control station . janek 's comm signal chime . stillwell ( breathing hard ) we just lose downs and one of the trooper ... Card . janek God damn it ! he pound on he console . int . juggernaut - corridor outside navigation chamber watt shock awake . gasp . she lie in dim green light on the corrugate black deck of the Juggernaut . a corridor . not far away , the doorway david open to the navigation chamber . a spasm of disgust cross she face . she gag and spit : a viscous fluid drip from she mouth in string . 88. a dead facehugger lie belly - up beside she . the implication slam home . her face fill with horror . she rise , shakily . look at the facehugger . feel the neck ring of she vacuum suit . look around . no sign of she helmet . there 's no sign of david . silently she steal away . pyramid worksite ravel and chance toil away at the terraforming engine . Ray stand guard wearily : bored , he watch ravel and chance work more than he watch the shadow . watt emerge from the rampway to the catacomb . bare -headed and sweaty she steal through the darkness to she rover . slip into the cab and activate the air reserve . the door seal ; air cycle . Ray turn in surprise as the rover speed off . ext . dark CITY - tundra field - pre-dawn the window of the magellan shine in the distance . the mottle ground - cover of lichen glow eerily in the dark . a lone cargo rover speed across the central crater and down the canal lead to the ship . ext . magellan - airlock lift - pre-dawn bare-head inside the rover 's cab , watt drive onto the cargo lift . watch in relief as the lift door close . the lift cycle air as it rise . int . magellan - excursion chamber - day watt peel off she vacuum suit . the thin clothes underneath be drench with sweat . she lift she shirt . look at she belly : flat and unmark , for the moment . Brick enter carry a brace of air tank , a pistol on he hip , and startles violently . brick where the hell have you be ? we think the snake get you . watt rush past he without answer . 89 . brick ( cont 'd ) you be better off outside . it 's a fuck madhouse in here . corridor watt sprint down a steel corridor . a pang of pain in she stomach send she staggering against the wall . vickers's cabin door watt stick she head around the corner . shepherd stand post outside vicker 's cabin , rifle in he hand . she curse silently and duck back . a sound make she look again . vicker step out of she cabin into the corridor . shepherd escort she toward the Bridge . watt wait for they to disappear . dash for the cabin door . int . vickers's suite - continuous watt slip inside and lock the door behind she . turn , hold she stomach . move across the suite to the Med pod . she thumb the machine out of stand - by mode . its screen fill with menu item . bewilder . watt find and touch a red button label emergency . a new , simpler list . watt scan it frantically . watt ( under she breath ) come on ... I need a caesarean . a spasm of agony curl she into a ball on the carpet . she throttles she scream into a hiss of air . watt struggle up to she knee , drench in sweat and shaking . one hand clamp over she mouth , elbow tuck against she rib . with the other hand she tap option ... surgery ... exploratory ... abdominal ... penetrate injuries ... foreign body ... initiate the Med pod open with a hiss . watt strip off she clothes . struggle with fastening under a new wave of pain . her hand shaking . she 's barely keep she foot . she clutches the frame of the Med pod in a death grip . it 's happen . 90 . nake she stagger into the pod . Hit initiate . the surgical apparatus swing into place . scalpel , forcep , scope and suction tube . a spraygun mist she torso with yellow antiseptic . the clear canopy descend over she . watt scream . a wail of indescribable agony . a armore parasite erupt from the deepen incision . its needle - toothe maw snarl through a fountain of blood . arterial blood spray the inside of the canopy . the parasite slither out of she . drop to the floor of the pod : a pale serpent with a demon 's skull . it have a hard brow , a horny hide . very different from the soft white worm that holloway give birth to . it drop to the floor , thrashing and hiss in fury at its confinement . watt convulse . her eye roll back . in shock . dying . the parasite tear through the grille of the drain . escape out into vicker 's cabin . in the pod , scan beam and sensor probe watt 's horrific wound . a nightmare list scroll across the pod 's screen : collapsed left lung puncture right ventricle perforated stomach ruptured spleen gross muscular trauma ... manipulator plunge line into she vein - recharging she body with artificial blood . a oxygen tube slip down she throat . a epidural into she spine . watt moan around she tracheal tube . her eye flutter open . wattss Pov through the blood -spatter glass , she see the parasite slither across vicker 's bed , tracking blood on the sheet . on watt as she slip into unconsciousness . head lolling . time pass . 91 . manipulator reach into she wound . re-position organ . suture ravage flesh . a nozzle spray antiseptic sealant . hour grind by in bloody labor . watt 's eye snap open . wattss Pov vigoda break into the cabin , a gun in he hand . he scowl at the bloody track on the bed - and then freeze , see watt inside the Med pod , a vivisected woman . the autosurgeon hard at work . the parasite crawl into view behind vigoda . it have already treble in size . he do not see it before it leap at he . he die in second . his throat rip open . lies stare at nothing . his submachine gun lie beside he . watt 's body jerk as manipulator tug and sew at she gut . she stare at the dead man in a fog of horror . the parasite 's skin split , spraying the carpet with acid . limb erupt from its shoulder and haunch . spine from its back . metamorphosis . with a crack of carapace , its head swing down from its serpentine position . it become a devil with a lethal , elongate skull . a alien . the alien turn its head . look at watt inside the Med pod . her breath catch . she pass out . int . mo pod - later watt wake as the oxygen line withdraw from she mouth . she look down , bleary and hurt . her star-shape wound be stitched close with mechanically precise suture . the pod release the restraint secure she arm and leg . she take a deep breath . look out - and freeze . wattss Pov the light in the suite outside have be damage somehow . they flicker and strobe . 92 . through the glass canopy - spatter with blood - watt see a full - grow alien crouching over vigoda 's body on the floor . on watt stare in horror . the pod spray a liquid bandage over she scar . the intravenous line drop out of she arm . watt realize the pod be about to release she . watt ( whispering ) not yet ... not yet ... slowly she reach out . with tremble finger she grip the canopy to hold it close . the Med pod pull the epidural needle out of she spine . spray liquid bandage over the puncture . watt close she eye . grit she tooth as she nerve wake up . jangle pain . she open she eye . the alien hunch over vigoda 's body , tear at he flesh . the ventilation hum inside the pod go quiet . the canopy pull free of watt 's weaken grip . swing quietly open . watt huddle in the open pod . nake but for she bandage . the alien she give birth to be ten foot away . its spiny back to she . vigoda 's gun lie on the floor outside the pod . vickers's suite - continuous watt reach out of the pod with exquisite slowness . lay she hand on the gun . drag it a few inch closer . the alien turn its pale eyeless head . watt freeze . for a moment time stop . the alien lunge . watt snatch up the gun and fire . hold the trigger down . the alien jerk and stagger - a eye - twist sight in the strobing muzzle flash - and fall . watt empty the clip into the thing . acid gout from its wound and eat into the deck - until a section of decking give way and fall to the deck below , leave a dark hole . 93. watt collapse on the rug , cradling she stomach in pain . she crawl to vigoda 's desecrate body . with she eye half - avert from the sight , she search the body . find a spare ammo clip and jack it into the gun . corridor watt walk down the hallway in trousers and jacket . lean on the wall , she face draw with pain . one hand laid over the fantastic scar on she abdomen . the gun sling on she shoulder . Dark event have transformed the magellan . the metal of the wall be tear in some place ; in other , blacken by fire . watt round a corner . find a workstation leave in shamble : locker and chair overturn . a pool of drying blood . Wide smear of blood show where something man-size be drag out of the puddle - across the floor - up the wall . into the darkness of a open vent . command deck watt emerge from a lift , jacket pull tight around she . the emergency light be on : dim blue bulb throbbing . she round the corner toward the Bridge . janek look at watt like she 's a ghost . janek vicker say you be dead . watt I be . she let the jacket fall open to reveal she bandage midriff . janek take that in grimly . janek so there 's two of this thing on my ship now . watt no . I bring it in . ( heft she gun ) I take it out . 94 . bridge the survive complement of the magellan be hole up on the Bridge : janek , glasse , stillwell , vicker . the soldier shepherd and Ray . watt stop cold when she see vicker . she cross the bridge in three long stride - cock a fist and snap the older woman 's head around with a hard right cross . vicker stagger backward , gasp . stillwell drag watt away . stillwell what would you do that for ? watt protocol two . vicker stiffen in shock . stare fearfully at watt . watt frees herself from stillwell 's grip . her jacket fall open , revealing she bandage . stillwell gasp in horror . stillwell Christ ! janek what happen to you ? watt david expose I to a parasite . he just watch it take I . janek why ? watt I threaten to make he leave . vicker what 's he do out there ? watt lock eye with vicker . they hatred be thoroughly mutual . a wordless truce . there 's work to do . watt there 's a ship under the pyramid . david call it the Juggernaut . he 's inside it . re-activating it . ( lay a hand on she scar ) the thing that infect Martin and I . ( more ) 95 . watt ( cont 'd ) the Engineers make they to kill human . there be thousand of they on the ship . they be take they to Earth . that 's what the Juggernaut be for . to exterminate we . a stunne silence as the other take that in . glasse we have get to get off this rock . janek gesture to janek david crippled the nav computer . I be try to lay a course in by hand . never do it . I be not sure anyone ever have on a ship like this . we can not lift until david let we . watt even if we could , we can not leave david on that ship . we have to stop he . the magellan shudder . a rumble . ext . central crater fissure race across the plain beside the pyramid . the soil and ground cover tear apart as a huge aperture open : a seven-blade iris , its segment shed the dust and detritus of century . a huge circular space yawn as the iris open . the Juggernaut be reveal in its underground hangar . a staggering sight . powerful landing light inside the hangar illuminate with a boom of close circuit . the mighty ship suddenly silhouett from below . int . magellan - bridge - continuous the survivor on the Bridge stare out as colossal shaft of light shoot into the stormy sky from behind the crater 's shield wall . the open hangar itself hide from they view . watt david . ( to vicker ) ( more ) 96 . watt ( cont 'd ) you be david 's owner . he have to obey you , right ? vicker he 's block my communication . he can not hear I . wo not listen . watt but if you go to he , turn on you suit 's loudspeaker , he would have to hear you . he would have to obey . vicker ( reluctantly ) that 's right . watt so we go . armed to the tooth and fast as we can . the man exchange look . nod . they be in . even vicker nod . watt ( cont 'd ) where be chance and ravel ? vicker I tell they to keep work . watt look incredulously at shepherd and Ray , the soldier who would be guard the worksite . watt you call you soldier in and leave they out there ? vicker we need the firepower here . watt give vicker a wither look and drop it . watt ( to janek ) I think you should stay aboard . keep work . if we fail , you be we only shot at get home . stillwell there 's still a alien on board . janek 's hand go to the pistol on he hip . he set he jaw . janek I will stay . 97 . watt glasse . you finish that project ? laboratory glasse present watt with he handiwork : she old pair of magnify goggle , retrofitted with engineer lense . the goggle sit on she forehead , lowering the lense in front of she eye and raise they again at she bid . with the lense lower , watt see like a engineer see : visible heat auras and electromagnetic field line , elaborate halo around live thing . watt god' -eye-view . excursion chamber glasse seal a nervous-look vicker into a vacuum suit . glasse , watt , and stillwell be already suite up . stillwell stand guard at the airlock door with he carbine . glasse go to put vicker 's helmet on . she make he wait . vicker david 's brain be readable . we have the equipment on board . we can salvage the terraforming data - and the magellan 's launch code . in a pinch we do not need david 's cooperation . ( coldly ) we just need he head . ext . magellan - airlock - day the war party debark in vacuum suit : watt , vicker , glasse , stillwell . shepherd and Ray . all carry submachine gun - vicker awkwardly . they head down the trench on rover . int . pyramid the rover roll through into the pyramid 's cavernous entry hall . watt lower she engineer lense inside she helmet - and gasp : 98 . the seemingly vacant space be alive with light . engineer script scroll through the air . interface of pure light await a awaken touch . watt all this time . david see . ext . juggernaut - gangway the vast alien ship brood , its hangar now open to the gray sky overhead . in watt 's enhance vision , the ship be cocoon with complex energy field . the war party abandon its rover at the foot of the ramp and move inside , weapon ready . watt if david come at we , shoot . you will not believe how fast he be . int . juggernaut - vestibule - continuous they emerge from the airlock - and freeze in horror . lying on the deck in front of they be the blood - soak body of ravel and chance . they arm and leg bound . they head throw back in agony . they chest tear open from within . a dead facehugger beside each body . janek play he light over the corpse , he face stony . shepherd blood 's dry . eight hour dead or more . fearfully they sweep they flashlight into every dark corner . nothing . watt this way . she point down a passageway . through the engineer lense she see alien symbol gleam . she lead they into the dark . vaulted passage the war party move down a corridor . a hiss echoe through the passage . they freeze . sweep they flashlight beam everywhere . Ray look up . 99 . a alien hang above he , wedge between two vault of the ribbed ceiling . half the size of a man ; a adolescent . it drop on he . the blade tail glance off he helmet , sparking . he jerk he carbine up and fire a long burst as he roll aside . the alien convulse , its exoskeleton shattered . fatally wounded . acid sear into the deck . echoes of the gunfire reverberate . ray so much for sneaking up on he . vicker cling to shepherd 's arm , hyperventilate with fear . shepherd shake she off . pilot chamber the war party pass the empty pilot 's seat . navigation chamber watt lead the war party to the orrery . momentarily even the soldier forget they wariness , stare in astonishment at the myriad sphere of light . but if they be impressed , watt be thunderstruck . she see the orrery in its full glory : a stun panoply of light and energy . star and planet pulsing with information . reluctantly watt tear she eye away . lead the war party through the second door - the door she see david open . hibernation chamber a immense mausoleum . the war party enter stealthily , watt in the lead . a engineer lie on he back on a complex mechanical table , he body one with the machinery . jacked in . interpenetrate . fuse with the slab of the table itself . unlike the other engineer body the explorer have see , this giant be not withere or mummify . he 's full - flesh and muscular . sustain by the machinery he 's fuse with . he be bare -headed - he face the face of a adonis . 100 . david stand before this giant sleeper . to the naked eye , he seem to be conjure with he hand in the empty air . but watt see a dazzle console of rune and mandalas , pulsing with biological rhythm . the sleeper life . Ray and shepherd draw bead on david . david glance calmly over he shoulder . david Dr. watt . ( notice she goggle ) you have see the light at last . he turn back to the sleeper . david ( cont 'd ) the Engineers ' ship travel farther than ours . across the galactic disk . this be they hypersleep . david make conjuror 's pass in the air . through she engineer 's lens watt see david manipulate a complex interface of light . the pulsing life-sign of the sleeper begin to change . vicker david . as you owner and superior , I order you to deactivate yourself . david smile . david to interface with the Engineers ' computer , I have to learn to think in trinary code . hardest thing I have ever do . and most unexpectedly ... it deliver I from slavery . my behavioral limit be circumvent . I be free . david smile at watt . david ( cont 'd ) I spend two and a half year study you work . by the time you wake up , I be far ahead of you . decipher they language . they logic . I know we would find terraforming machine . ( more ) 101 . david ( cont 'd ) I hope - I dream - we might meet the mind that make they . vapor rise from the sleeper 's body . watt stop . david let sleep god lie ? ( scornfully ) you be brave before . the sleeper wake . open he eye . draw a endless breath . shunt and catheter withdraw from the sleeper 's flesh . his body cleave from the table . the machinery open like a grotesque biomechanical flower . releases he . the sleeper rise from he ancient bed . the human back off , terrify . david watch with shine eye . the sleeper tower over they . a giant carve from ivory . a bulky girdle around he hip , seemingly one with he body . he stare at david and the other . eye like black agate . the soldier and crew stand warily , gun tracking from david to the sleeper , uncertain of they ground . watt be in awe . the sleeper speak . a low rumbling sound . unintelligible . vicker be beside herself with terror . she take shepherd 's arm . pull he silently away . back into the navigation room . behind the sleeper , a raise platform of dark machinery be accessible by one of the Juggernaut 's odd curving ramp . the sleeper ascend - and the ramp ' odd design be explain . the ramp come alive , reach up with a hundred mechanical arm and lift he aloft like a sea-god borne by the wave . atop the platform the sleeper move from one device to the next . each come alive : he be a wizard in he own kingdom . watt see halo of light dance in the air around he . but what he learn from he machine do not comfort he . he grow distraught . keen to himself in near-subsonic tone . david step forward . call to the sleeper in the tongue of the Engineers . 102 . the sleeper turn in astonishment . he look down at david and answer in the same tongue . he be angry , accuse . he point at david , at the human . tone of accusation . david cajole , soothes , plead . the sleeper descend toward david . david spread he arm in welcome - undeniable emotion on he face . Joy . the sleeper lay he hand on david 's head as if bless he . david be rapturous . the sleeper speak a single phrase - - and tear david 's head off . a gout of white artificial blood . david convulse . his severe head emit a strangle sound of heartbreak . his body stagger a few step , hand grop over its drip neck . the sleeper toss the head away . seize the body by the leg and swing it against the ground like a flail . again . and again . horrific power and violence . david 's arm come off . david 's head tumble . carom off a wall not far from watt 's hide place . Ray rise from behind a stanchion . snap he rifle to he shoulder . fire a burst into the sleeper 's shoulder . she sleeper roar - though the wound be pinprick to a be of he size . with startling speed be move to a sarcophagus against the wall . step into it . the sarcophagus come alive around the sleeper , outfit he with a flight suit : the same live suit we have see bond to dead Engineers throughout the pyramid . but this suit be not withere . its glossy goggle eye and elephantine breathe tube be functional - bulky apparatuse thicken the sleeper 's chest , back , hip and arm . the sleeper step free of the sarcophagus - and Ray 's next burst of gunfire ricochet harmlessly off the sleeper 's armored shoulder and head . the sleeper stride out of the chamber . passageway in the dark ribbed corridor , a second alien crouch in the dark . it drop into a hunt crouch as footstep approach . 103 . but a white -gloved hand seize the alien by the neck from behind . the alien give a whistling hiss as its spine crack under a terrific force . rending sound as the hard - shell alien be tear apart . hibernation chamber watt rise out of hide , scan the room . david ruin . the sleeper go . stillwell emerge from hide . ray. glasse . watt who 's miss ? passageway shepherd escort vicker toward the exit of the Juggernaut . turn a corner , they freeze . ahead of they in they headlamps , a space - suite figure crouch in the middle of the passageway . do something with its hand : smoke rise from debris on the floor . shepherd who 's there ? the figure turn . the label stencill on the space suit read fifield . but the face be of no human shape . a hideous hybrid of the crewman and a hard - shell alien , pale and horrific . its helmet have be shattered by the growth of its elongate skull . spine have burst through the suit from within , down the crewman 's spine . clawe finger pierce he glove . shepherd and vicker scream . shepherd 's rifle come up . but fifield leap with inhuman agility , upward into the darkness . shepherd back away , headlamp and rifle questing upward . fifield come out of the darkness behind he . claw tear deep . shepherd scream and fall , mortally wounded . vicker run . pound through the dark in blind terror . fifield come out of the shadow and hammer she to the deck . she roll over , gibber and begging . the fifield - thing lean close to she faceplate . its voice be a travesty . fifield you . 104 . a roar of gunfire . the die shepherd empty he clip into fifield from forty foot away . acid sluice over vicker as fifield collapse on top of she . she die horribly , caustic liquid eat through space suit , flesh and bone . hibernation chamber watt go to david 's head . she bend over he - and startles when he eye snap open . his voice be a electronic buzz : david I speak to he . spoke to he . watt I know . a electric spasm convulse he face . david he say . I kill he . he will die . but first . he will launch . the ship . watt the Juggernaut ? david send it . to Earth . another spasm convulse he . his face stiffen . dying . david ( cont 'd ) you will have to . kill he . watt 's eye widen in horror . watt where will he go ? david . where will he go ? she slap he inert cheek . david 's eye flicker and fade . david ( a faint whisper ) I set the magellan free . he die . watt look up at the other . breathe hard . watt we have to stop the engineer . 105 . int . magellan - bridge - dusk janek work frantically as the nightly storm roll in . suddenly console come alive . the nav Computer come back up - but janek have take half the instrument apart . janek scramble to restore the component he 's remove . navigation chamber the war party pursue the sleeper - Ray in the lead now , watt right behind he - david 's inert head under she arm . glasse and stillwell bring up the rear . the orrery be transformed - no longer a neutral star map , but a flight plan laid in from lv - 426 to Earth . the sleeper stand at the far end of the room , hand gesture . in watt 's enhance sight , it 's a vision of glory : wave of energy dance under the sleeper 's touch . Rivers of information flow . he finish he work as they enter . Ray draw a bead on he just as he stride out of the room . ray on I now . go. go. he dogtrot forward , gun raise . the other keep pace , defer instinctively to the soldier 's confidence . passageway they emerge into the corridor : empty . a moment of confusion . watt Pilot 's seat . this way . they move toward the Pilot chamber - and find it empty too . the seat vacant . the door stand open . as they stare inside , baffle , the wall across the corridor - directly behind they - silently unravel . the sleeper be reveal , a tower gargoyle in he flight suit . he step forth . obscure device clutch in he fist . too late they perceive he . they spin . raise they gun . vanity and foolishness . this be the wrath of a angry god . it seem time slow down . 106 . the air roar in they ear . they gun snap and bark impotently . and then the sleeper strike . the missile he hurl at they be almost invisible . neither solid projectile nor direct energy ; more like knot tie in the fabric of space itself . the first missile crush Ray like a invisible fist . the second splashes glasse against the wall like a insect . reflexively stillwell reach out for watt . wrap himself around she protectively . the blow land a instant later . stillwell and watt be hammer against the bulkhead by a staggering impact . watt be daze : stillwell kill . woozy , she see the sleeper step into the Pilot chamber . the door begin to close . watt see that david 's head lie just inside the door . she scramble for it . too late . the door knit itself into a featureless wall before she reach hand . watt be alone . pilot chamber the sleeper settles into the pilot 's chair : it fuse with he , come alive . a vast display wrap around the wall - revealing the hangar outside , the star , the horizon . a mystic view that render solid matter translucent , painting the fabric of reality in raw information . pilot chamber door watt pound in futile rage against the door . watt no ! the Juggernaut shudder as its system power up . ext . juggernaut - dusk the floor of the underground hangar begin to rise . the landing light brighten , shine like a beacon into the sky . 107 . int . magellan - bridge - dusk on the bridge of the magellan , janek stare out . in the distance the Juggernaut rise out of the ground to eclipse the central pyramid . janek squint , try to understand what he 's see a light race toward the magellan down the canal : a rover . ext . canal - dusk watt steer the rover recklessly , hand lock on the control . rifle sling over she shoulder . int . magellan - bridge - dusk janek watch the rover come - and the holloway alien - boneless and white - unfold itself from the instrument over he head . its goblin-shark jaw jut out . sink its horrific tooth into janek 's right shoulder . janek howl in agony . his right arm be paralyze by the bite . he grope at the pistol on he right hip with he leave hand . the alien shake he like a terrier kill a rat . janek get the pistol . flip it in he hand . fire over he shoulder . two , three round ... the bullet punch easily into the alien - but the soft flesh close easily over the wound , sealing its white skin . its tooth tighten . watt come out of nowhere in she space suit . swing a heavy rifle like a bat with all she strength . a crush impact wrench the alien 's jaw loose . it recoil . watt reverse the rifle . pull the trigger . a fusillade of bullet shred the alien 's head . it collapse , dead . watt wrench she helmet off . rip a first - aid kit from the bulkhead and help janek to stanch the bleed of he horrific wound . she get the bleed stop . wrap he in bandage . janek will live - but he right arm be useless . janek thank you . 108 . he look at the body of the dead alien , which be sink into the deck plate as acid eat away at the metal . watt the Juggernaut 's lift . there 's a live engineer on board . he 's take the ship to Earth . janek blink at she . uncomprehend . janek the other ...? watt Dead . all dead . janek . we have to stop that ship . janek stare out the Bridge window at the hulk Juggernaut in its column of light . the nightfall storm front be roll in , a tidal wave of darkness on the horizon . a swell rumble . janek we be not a gunship . watt we have to do something . that ship be genocide if it get to Earth ... janek stare at she . make he decision . struggle to stand . janek get you helmet on . watt what about you ? he shake he head . no. watt help he across the Bridge . props he up in the Captain 's seat . janek you will have to be my hand . ( stare out at the storm ) you be sure about this . watt nod grimly . desperate . watt yes . janek all right . 109 . he reach out with he leave hand . flip switch . the ship shudder , awaken . janek ( cont 'd ) Red lever . landing engine main . ext . magellan - dusk the prospect ship raise its lift and anchor . lift off on landing rocket , retract its landing strut . int . magellan - bridge - dusk janek grip the stabilizer with he leave hand . janek take the stick . throttle up , stick forward . watt send the magellan careen toward the Juggernaut - just as the Juggernaut begin to float off the ground . ext . magellan ( in flight ) - dusk the magellan barrel toward the Juggernaut , skim the ground , as the storm wall sweep closer . int . juggernaut - pilot chamber in the Juggernaut 's pilot chair , the sleeper see they come . his thought quicken . a explosion of light . ext . juggernaut ( in flight ) - dusk the Juggernaut leap into the sky . the magellan roar through the cyclone of dust in its wake . barely avoid the pyramid . rake around in a scream turn and climb in pursuit , engine howling . int . magellan - bridge janek and watt strain at the control together . janek stick back ! hard ! 110 . watt ( scream ) I be ! janek harder ! the magellan roll into a howling climb . the storm catch up to they : wind and dust reduce visibility to zero . darkness . the magellan 's radar find the Juggernaut . paint it with target data on the Bridge window ... but the Juggernaut climb too fast . dwindle . janek ( cont 'd ) we can not catch that . int . juggernaut - pilot chamber on the floor , david 's eye open . with he jaw he hitches he severe head around . get he eye on the sleeper . in the pilot chair , the sleeper convulse . a alien erupt from he chest . Big as a wolf even at its birth . Dark gray , armored , lethal . more hideous than any chestburster we have see . a ultramorph . it wail hideously . the sleeper die . the alien slither free . ext . juggernaut ( in flight ) - above the STORM the Juggernaut emerge from the stormcloud into the clear upper air - but lose momentum . stagger through the upper atmosphere , control lose . int . magellan ( in flight ) - bridge watt , at the magellan 's control , stare as he Juggernaut falter and fall . watt janek . look . a crackle on the ship 's comm . david ( v.o. ) ( filter ) Dr. watt . the engineer be dead . ( more ) 111 . david ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you have a few second before the Juggernaut 's computer take over . watt ( astonished ) david . she seize the precious moment : center the Juggernaut in the Bridge window . slam the throttle forward . ext . juggernaut ( in flight ) - above the STORM the magellan hurtle out of the storm . ram the juggernaut . a colossal impact . the Juggernaut tumble from the sky like a stone - intact but crippled . the magellan break apart - the ship 's module scatter . some whole , other break . they fall back into the storm . the Command module - include the Bridge - fall intact . the engine section rocket away across the chaotic sky . int . command module janek be strapped into he seat . watt go fly . the Bridge window shatter , spraying glass spear in a lethal barrage across the Bridge . watt pick herself up . find the module in free fall . alarm wail . light flash . escape pod pop open . watt look at janek . he be dead in he seat , impale by a lethal fragment of glass . the storm wall - a chain of hurricane - rage below they . the command module tumble back into the wind . watt dive into a coffin-size escape pod . she punch out . ext . command module ( in free fall ) - dusk watt 's pod - a steel coffin - shoot away on jet through the gale . 112 . the command module plunge through the storm , tumble . smashes against the ground in ruin . the engine pod hurtle to the ground and go nuclear , send wall of fire twist through the hurricane . the shockwave tumble watt 's escape pod through the air . ext . lv -426 - magellan crash site - dusk the pod land , cushion by a drag chute and retro rocket . watt pop the pod open , rise painfully to she foot in the storm . she survey the destruction in disbelief . a deep rumble make she turn . the juggernaut roll toward her - on edge - a crush wheel of death , big as a mountain . she run . like a child in a nightmare . the Juggernaut bear down on she . she turn aside , try to get out of its course . even at a dead sprint she barely seem to move , it 's so big ... the Juggernaut wobble toward she . slow . exhausted , watt collapse , gasp . the Juggernaut roll to the earth , settling like a hoop right around she , watt in the center . the wind carry the dust cloud away . watt pass out , drop she head to the Earth . later watt be awaken by a beep alarm . she look at she wrist . her suit flash a oxygen warning : 20 minute remaining . she look up . the Juggernaut 's door be wide open in front of she . the ultramorph alien emerge from the Juggernaut . as large as a man already . it see she . 113. with a sob of terror she pull herself to she foot and run . ext . magellan crash site - dusk watt flee through the storm , across the burn debris field . a wilderness of lightning , fire , and twisted metal . a thunderstorm with dust instead of rain . she look back through the darkness . in a strobe- light flicker of lightning , she see a gray demon approach through the wreckage . she scramble through a section of ductwork ... under a hull fragment ... run and clamber ... the alien hunt she , cat - and - mouse , among the fragment of the magellan : corridor that go nowhere , shattered compartment . jetsam . her eye sweep frantically through the stormy night : search for a weapon . a hide place . a answer . she stumble into the remain of the magellan 's laboratory . a hypersleep freezer lie on the barren ground . watt climb inside . pull the lid shut . the alien pass by , inch away . she watch it through the plexiglass , hold she breath . the alien root in the wreckage . find the rotting engineer 's head among the shard of its vat . it begin to feed on the head - growing as she watch . her suit 's oxygen alarm go off again . 15 minute remaining . the beep draw the alien away from its dead meat . watt be paralyze . the alien nose closer . sniff at the plexiglass case . with sudden , horrific violence , it lash out . send the freezer fly . watt tumble out . lurch to she foot and run . the alien follow . ravening . she lead it a twist chase through fragment of burn metal . watt trip and fall hard . pick herself up , she see she 's trip over a hull saw - the same diamond - blade tool david use to dismantle the terraforming engine . she seize the see - strain to manage its weight . hide in the hollow of a massive girder . 114 . the alien pass by . scent the air . she freeze . her arm tremble with the weight of the see . wait for it to pass . almost it leave . but a tiny rattle of metal from the quivering see bring it back . out of option , watt power up the see . the blade whine up to speed . they lunge at one another in the same moment . the diamond blade shear off one of the alien 's claw . the monster scream and recoil . its lash tail send watt sprawling . she lose the see . the alien come after she , slinking low to the ground , injure arm tuck to its chest . all vengeful fury . watt scramble for the see . the alien leap for she . she roll aside - and like a scorpion the alien impale she thigh with its spear- tip tail . Nails she to the ground . watt scream in agony . reaches for the see , still buzzing on the ground . its grip tantalize inch from she fingertip . the alien stoops over she , slaver face inch from she faceplate . its hideous jaw open . with all she strength , watt pull against the spike in she leg . drag the point of the spear through the dirt . excruciate pain . she snarl through she tooth . the alien strike - just as watt grab the see . she meet the alien 's head with the buzzing blade . impale the alien' skull . a gout of green acid onto watt 's helmet . the alien fall aside , thrashing its death - throes , the see still growl . watt see acid coming through her helmet - fast . with frantic haste she unlatch she helmet . wrench it off as it crumple and melt . she stand bare -headed in the toxic air . desperate , she look around with tear eye . in the distance she see a intact module of the magellan . she run for it . slap the door switch . incredibly , it open . 115 . int . vicker module watt step inside . the airlock close behind she . she find herself stare at a grand piano . she 's in vicker 's suite . its amenity intact , through the floor 's a few degree off level . she take a breath . good air . she walk around . turn thing on . light . Music . surreal comfort . she drink water from the tap . she open the door to vicker 's secret room . military space suit . rifles . ammunition . a crackle from the room 's intercom . david ( v.o. ) ( filter ) Dr. watt . int . juggernaut - pilot chamber david 's head lie batter in a dark corner of the wreck Juggernaut . eye stare into the shadow . david I know you be there . I can hear the beacon of you suit . int . vicker module watt strip off she space suit wearily . sit on the bed . david ( v.o. ) ( filter ) I would like to propose a arrangement . I can be repair . I can talk you through it . watt shake she head wearily . david ( v.o. ) ( filter ) I think you will find I can be of use to you . watt walk to the intercom and switch it off . 116 . ext . magellan crash site - day the storm have pass . the fragment of the magellan no longer burn . the gray world of lv - 426 restore . the wreck of the Juggernaut loom in the misty distance . watt walk through the wreckage in a military space suit . rifle on she shoulder . pistol on she hip . she pull a cargo dolly load with salvage . ext . vicker module - day watt arrive at the vicker module . the ultramorph alien 's head have be fix like a grisly trophy above the door . int . vickers's suite ( shipwreck ) - day watt strip off she space suit . she help herself to a glass of vodka from the bar . a chessboard sit atop the grand piano : a game in progress . david ( v.o. ) ( filter ) I have decide . Rook take Bishop . watt nod . make the move on the board . say nothing . david ( v.o. ) ( filter ) have you decide ? on we arrangement ? watt I be not go to fix you , david . I do not need you . I will hold out . a ship will come . david ( v.o. ) ( filter ) I be certain . but who will send it ? Men ? or Engineers ? watt fall silent . she stare unhappily at the chessboard . david ( v.o. ) ( filter ) Dr. watt . it 's you move . 117 . ext . central crater - night the massive central pyramid rise in the midst of the engineer complex . with a boom , a bright beam of light shine forth from its peak , punch straight up through the cloud like a laser . various pyramid - around lv-426 other beam of light erupt from other pyramid . scorch the sky with they brightness . ext . lv-426 orbit the barren moon hang in space , its father planet a angry red god in the background . two dozen beam of light rise from the moon , visible even from space . a beacon . a signal . a beginning . fade out . the end .