promised land written by John krasinski and Matt damon Story by Dave eggers int . ornate restaurant , NYC - day 1 we open on a mirror in a beautiful , ornate bathroom . suddenly a man come up from below frame with water drip off he face . a bathroom attendant lean in and turn the faucet off for he as he hand he a towel . the man say '' thank you '' . this be steve butler . a man in he late 30' , handsome , and reminiscent of a guy you go to college with . as he dry he face he look at himself . after a long beat he take a deep breath . and walk out into : a enormous beautiful main room of a restaurant . we follow Steve as he walk through the restaurant that drip with gold leaf and marble . as we take in this almost surreal room ... the title card come up across the screen . promised land we follow the man as he finally arrive at he table . there aman sit check he blackberry . this be David churchill , aman in he early 50 's and the cfo of Global crosspower solution ; one of the large energy corporation in the country . a impeccably dress waitress come to the table behind Steve . waitress can I get either of you gentleman anything else ? david you want another drink ? steve I be fine thanks . david ( to waitress ) we will have another bottle of the chateau margaux . waitress leave . david you will be fine ! David check he watch . david listen , I be sorry Michael be not here yet . his plane be delay get into Teterboro . steve oh , that 's no problem . david he like to meet every executive candidate , it 's kind of a tradition ... or a neurosis . steve well , that 's nice of he . david it be actually . until he do he one joke . '' I think you say he be not handsome . '' Steve laugh . david a oldie but a goodie . the waitress come back with the bottle of wine and show David the label . he nod . david what time you head out tomorrow ? steve well , Sue 's already there . I be actually go to catch the last bus tonight . be there to get start first thing tomorrow morning . david Sue thomason , right ? Jesus ! that be the first thing they say about you two . you do not stop . steve well , I do not know about that . david I do . it 's why we be talk right now . david ( tastes wine . to waitress ) great. ( to Steve as she pour ) when we call the office out West you be the only name they give we . steve well , that 's really nice . waitress exit . david listen , Steve , this be a 9 billion dollar company . if someone be recommend you ? it 's not nice ... it 's number . steve I appreciate that . david you be the only person from the field we be interview . this land on Steve . david let I ask you something . you guy have close more town than the team behind you by triple digit . and you total price point on what we pay out on you lease be almost half of everyone else 's . how do you do that ? steve I mean , I grow up in eldridge , Iowa . david «+. meaning ? steve it might as well have be rifle , Colorado ; dish , Texas or Lafayette , Louisiana . any of the place we have sell . they know I . and I know they . david well , unfortunately it seem the rest of we road team do not see it as quite so easy . steve .-. I grow up in a large farming community . ( he roll he eye ) football Fridays , tractor pull , cow tipping , all of it . David smile . steve I be also one of two in my graduate class who go to college -- well , who decide to pursue something other than agriculture . biggest fight my grandfather and I ever have . david there 's just a pride , I guess . steve it 's delusional self mythologize . and it 's bullshit . we have a caterpillar plant down in davenport a few mile away . David nod . steve my junior year in high school they close it down . I remember think nothing of it . by the time prom come around I get to see , first hand , just how little leg we have to stand on . the whole farming town fantasy be shattered . and what become real clear be that without that plant , without that industry ? we have nothing . and the town be just ... David be nodd . steve I be not sell they Natural Gas . I be sell they they only way to get back . david .-. well , that bring I to my second question which be why the hell would we take you off the road ??? Steve laugh . David look behind Steve and notice something . he raise he glass . david ( to Steve ) best of luck , Steve . they cheer . suddenly from behind Steve : voice be this the guy ? a man in he 50' walk up to the table . this be Michael downey , the obvious ceo of Global . michael I think you say he be not handsome ! Steve smile . Michael sit down in the booth . michael sorry I be late . have to stop at home on my way . my 11 year daughter dissect a frog in science class today . she will not stop cry . all the man chuckle . michael 11 year old , can you believe it ? be that too young ? I do not dissect a frog until senior year in high school . I mean be that even necessary ? the man acknowledge that 's true . michael ( to David ) ah , what be ya’ gonna do ? after moment ... David turn to Steve . now both man look at Steve . be this a legitimate question ? in a fraction of a second : steve it 's absolutely necessary . it 's the pursuit of knowledge . sure , the frog be sacrifice . but , in the name of progress . if you daughter do not dissect a frog , how will she ever learn to perform a triple bypass ? beat . steve her tear notwithstand , this have to happen whether she understand it or not . ( more ) steve ( cont 'd ) like get a vaccine , you kid might cry a second from the jab , but she be not gonna die of polio . beat . steve tell she the good news be it get easier . after a beat ... Michael smile . begin credit ext . farm - early morning 2 in the first minute of a cool spring day we see a idyllic landscape of a blood orange color sky hang above the tree cover mountain of mckinley , a small town at the foot of a mountain . in the distant foreground of this picturesque still life we see two window illuminate in a charming , but slightly run down , farm house . to the right and leave of the house we see seemingly unending land , low light to a almost surreal color and cover in perfectly place hay bale . a unusual sound can be hear ... a grunt . ext . farmhouse - morning 3 a charming older woman in she 70' exit the squeaky screen door carry a cup of coffee . she wear a apron and walk with confidence . by the barn we see a pick up truck . suddenly a man in he late 70 's exit the barn . he wear a flannel shirt with sleeve roll up and very live in jeans . from the back of the truck he grab a enormous bag of feed with the ease of a sack of potato . he immediately disappear once again into the barn . after a moment , the woman arrive outside the barn and wait . as the man exit , man well ... any other horse and I would say that should last the rest of the month . woman so we will need more by Friday . man ( smiling ) sound about right . the woman hand he the cup of coffee . man thank you . the woman smile and pat the man on the back . as he head to he truck . man I 'il bring this one back . woman oh yeah ? bring the other five while you be at it . she hold up a powder blue mug . woman this be the only one I have get leave ! man yes mar ’am . he get into he truck and pull away . ext . bus - later from up above we see the bus as it roll through beautiful farm land . int . bus Steve sit on a bus look out the window at the pastoral landscape as it pass by . int / ext truck - drive - day 4 the man be drink he coffee as the truck drive through this incredibly beautiful farmland . he wave out the window to a couple of man stand in a pasture with a large number of cattle . as the truck pull up to a intersection and turn right we see a very small church on the corner ... the slight beginning of a town center . arrive to a stop light the truck pause . then with the audible flick of a green light the truck turn onto the top of Main St. , the epicenter of this area . in the low light of the morning the small stretch be almost picturesque , but as the truck rumble on we see the reality of the more modern small town America . 7a intersperse with the more common necessity like a coffee shop and barber shop be a number of board up window and empty store front . the truck finally rumble out of frame as we hold on the exterior of a motel . ext . motel - parking lot - day 5 Steve exit from the motel and begin to walk across the parking lot . he be check he blackberry . he look up as we cut to : a woman in she 50 's stand in front of a very use Ford bronco . this be sue thomason . she 's attractive , put-together and Steve 's lease partner for the past 6 year ... but more often then not she feel like he big sister . she wear jeans and a light sweater over a plaid shirt . steve good morning . sue do I have to call you ' boss 's now ? steve will you stop . beat . steve they 's 11 let I know . Sue smile . steve ( reference the car ) this be the best you could do ? sue no. but , I be not look for the best , be I ? steve you know what I mean . he head past she toward the driver 's side door . sue stick ! Steve immediately stop , familiar with this moment , and in one motion be head back around to the passenger side ... he do not drive stick shift . steve you do it on purpose . sue you be right , I do ... boss . they get in . in a wide shot we hear Sue try to start the car . it do not turn over . steve ( 0.s. ) Worth it ? the car start . sue suck it ! int / ext bronco - rob 's gun , grocery , guitar and gas - day6 Sue and Steve be drive . Steve look at a map , drink a bottle of water . sue girl at the hotel say it 's right around here . have everything . Steve look up as Sue pull into a small parking lot . they look up at the sign that say ' Rob 's gun , grocery , guitar and Gas . 's Sue read aloud : steve '' Rob 's gun , grocery , guitar and Gas . '' sue ( marvel at the sign ) God , I wish I think of that . int . rob 's gun , grocery , guitar and gas - day 7 Steve and Sue walk through to the back of a small local store that seem like it might actually have everything . sue where would they put you up ? four season ? steve the Pierre . sue Jesus ! they keep walk . Steve smile . 10 steve and , I be right , this be the entry point for the whole state . sue I love it ! feel like domino . steve it be . they arrive at a few rack of clothes and begin carefully pick out clothes . Sue grab a few flannel shirt . steve what season be this ? do they even still wear flannel now ? sue oh please , up here , they always wear flannel . steve «-.- or camo . sue I be not wear camo . steve how be Houston ? how 's Danny ? sue he 's 15 . he 's go ... but he start baseball . make varsity . steve as a freshman ? Sue , that 's huge ! sue I guess . his first game be this weekend and my miss it will go to the top of the list of thing he will cover with he shrink at 45 . steve I be sorry . sue hey , someone 's gotta pay for he xbox . Steve pick up a pair of work glove . steve you need a new pair ? 11 sue I never use they . steve that 's a yes . ok , you ready ? sue boot ! Steve look down at he boot . they be caterpillar work boot . steve I be not go over this again , Sue . this be the best boot money can buy and they be make in America . Sue look at he confuse . sue yeah , but yours be old . Sue walk away to the check out counter , which be actually a gun case . Steve follow . behind the counter be one rack of larger gun and sure enough ... a rack of guitar . sue ( stare at the guitar ) wow , you really have they . the man behind the counter look up from a book . this be rob . he be about 40 , and in he black jeans , collare shirt and vest he do not look like what you have imagine a local to look like . rob so I take it you be not here to buy a guitar . Sue smile and look for a credit card in she wallet . rob you be the natural gas people . Sue be take aback . sue I be sorry ? rob apologize right off the bat , I like it ! it 's endear and vulnerable and yet ... honest and direct . 11a Sue do not know what to say . she almost look back at Steve but think better of it . 12 rob ( point at she wallet ) the id card be kind of a dead give away . beat . rob ' Bout time you all show up . sue yeah ? rob well , hell yes . what other choice we get ? we can not sell the scenery ! sue wow ... wanna come work for we ? rob what ... and leave all this ? he sarcastically gesture to he weird store . Sue smile . int / ext bronco - drive - day 8 Sue be drive . they be both now wear brand new clothes . Steve be drink from a bottle of water . sue I can not believe this so close to the city . look like kentucky . steve two hour outside any city be kentucky . you should know that . Sue notice a group of horse by the road . sue hey ... do something seem weird about that horse ? they both look out to the side of the road . there be 6 or so horse , with long , almost decorative , mane . steve no . not really . ( squinting ) wait . be they small ? 10 13 sue they seem very small . could they be that small ? my eyesight 's go . steve maybe they be pony ? sue ( emphatically ) they be not pony !!... I mean I guess they could be pony ... steve remember new region , so we can go as high as 5000 and 18 % . but it do not mean we have to . beat . the car be slow down . sue do not pony have big head ? like , proportionally ? Sue pull over to the side of the road . she hand Steve a clipboard with a complicated look list of name , address and other figure . he be check he blackberry again . he hop out . ext . farmhouse road - day 9 we see the bronco be park at the base of a long dirt driveway lead up to a rather dilapidate farmhouse . the bronco and the house seem like mere speck in the middle of the seemingly endless landscape around they . ext . farmhouse - day 10 Steve walk up to the house where a young girl be push a small toy lawn mower out front . steve hello there ! be you the owner of this place ? girl no , sir . steve no ? well then how come you be do all the work ? 14 girl ( smiling ) I do not know . steve well , who do I talk to about that ? the girl laugh and begin to lead he into the house . girl my dad . steve well , alright then , let 's go inside and straighten all this out ! Steve smile and gently pat the girl 's head as the two walk toward the stair . at the top , a man open the screen door . this be drew scott . drew do not they already finish the census ? steve no , I be not from the census . I be from a Natural Gas company . you have a second ? Steve and the girl get to the top of the step . drew oh , hell ! why do not you say so ! come on in ! steve thank you . drew you just go shopping ? Steve look up at he . Drew gesture to he neck . drew you get a tag stickin’ out of you collar . he reach over and yank the tag from Steve 's collar . drew there ya go . steve so much for look local . 11 15 as Steve cross the threshold Drew look down . drew Nice boot . Steve 's smile be bigger than it should be . steve thank you . int . clapboard house - day 11 Sue sit in a sparse live room with a woman in she late 20' . she be naturally pretty and very sweet . this be claire allen . suddenly a 10 year old come by and set down 2 glass of red hi-c for the woman and for Sue . he be wear a t-shirt with yankee write in marker on the front and the number ' 15 's write on the back along with he last name , allen . claire thanks carson . sue thanks . Wild color , right ? ( put the glass down without touch it . this do not go unnotice by Claire ) Sue point at carson 's watch . sue be that thor ? carson no , it 's ironman . he show she . sue oooh , my son would love that ! she pretend to take it . carson laugh . carson nooo ! he walk away . claire you have kid Ms. thomason ? sue ( pull out phone ) yes I do . Danny . 15 and ornery . claire he look sweet . sue your be sweeter . the two woman laugh . carson re-enter . sue Mom , can I play xbox ? claire just for a bit . and only because you be go outside for baseball in a hour . carson sweet ! claire ( for Sue 's benefit ) sorry about that . I know I should not let he .. sue be you kid ! of course ! from the minute we meet they and see they little squishy face we would do anything for them !... anything . carson nod and leave . Claire turn back to Sue . 15 a we can see carson in the background play Xbox for the rest of the scene . 12 int . farmhouse - day 16 12 Steve now sit at the kitchen table with drew . his daughter be coloring at the table as well . drew oh man , have we be wait on you ! steve oh yeah ? drew it 's unbelievable ! I be just read in the paper this morning about all that gas drillin’ goin’ on in Pennsylvania . he look at the paper . drew this you outfit ? ' stanton Gas 's ? Steve glance over casually . steve no , there be a bunch of company . we be with ' Global crosspower solution 's . drew well , you guy be probably the best ! steve you wanna come work for we ? the two man laugh . 13 int . clapboard house - day Sue sit with Claire . 13 17 sue here 's the thing , Claire . and it 's important that you know this ... the initial phase of development for drilling be also the initial phase of the town 's tax revenue . which mean money will be injected into the town and its infrastructure immediately ! claire that sound impressive . sue I know , a lot of fancy word . but here 's what it mean to I . the number one reason I choose to live where I do be for the school that my boy go to . I just want what most parent want for they kid . everything . and that everything start with he education . claire you sound like a good mother . sue Far from good . honest maybe . do you think you town 's school system be underfunded ? claire yes . sue in a school system like yours , the chance of carson go to college be too low . and in today 's market , without a college degree , the only job available be manual labor ... and that job be go ... if not go . technology be we son ' future . claire yes !! we try to get a computer system for the kid last year but it never happen . 17a sue well , there 's no reason why you town should not have a state of the art high school and you son guarantee a education that allow he to compete on the high level . he will have a chance ... beat . this register with Claire . 18 14 int . farmhouse - day 14 Steve and Drew at the kitchen table . steve we lease start at $ 2000 . drew wait ... that 's it ? steve that 's right . drew well , that 's not necessarily life change money , be it ? steve per acre . and you have 20 . now , there be a lot of people around here that would say $ 40000 , well , that 's pretty good money ... especially for do nothing . Drew wipe sweat off he face . look at Steve . steve but , the real reason I be here in this early stage be because we research show that you particular plot of land have a potentially '' high yield '' . that mean that not only the size of the deposit , but the quality of the shale be in the top tier . Drew , as if watch a thriller movie . drew mm hm ... steve now we at Global do not want to be tenant ... we want to be partner . that 's why we offer a 12 anda half percent share in any and all profit we see from you well . 15 19 drew and with this ... this top tier level of shit , what kind of figure be we look at ? steve well , it 's hard to tell until we get down there , but -- drew ballpark , man ! like other people who have have a similar situation ? beat ... steve million ... drew wait .. what do you mean ? like , you guy ... uh ... steve you ...... could be . a millionaire . Drew 's look be ... elate ? scare ? Dead ? int . diner - day 15 Steve walk into the nearly empty diner that look like a time capsule . he see a man wave he hand and join he ina vinyl booth in the back . the man be gerry richard , he 's about 60 year old and one of mckinley 's three town supervisor . Steve introduce himself and sit down . steve supervisor Richards ? Steve butler . richard call I Gerry for God 's sake . a waitress come over to the table and drop 2 menus . waitress anything to drink ? richard Steve ? 20 steve I ' 1ll have a cup of coffee . waitress and , you , sir . richard I be fine thanks . she exit . richard well , listen , I appreciate you sit down with I here , I know you be busy so I just think it might be nice to meet before the town hall tomorrow so we can get to know each other a little bit . steve of course ! listen , as the most senior member of the supervisor board thank you for sit down with I . appreciate it . Richards laugh . richard it 's exciting all this natural gas stuff . steve it be ! very exciting ! richard ( leans in and whisper with a smile ) a whole lot of money down there ! Steve laugh . steve that 's also true , yes ! richard how much do you think ? ( he gesture ) how much money we get down there ? beat . 21 steve well , we research department have not finish they analysis yet but I have say somewhere between 15 or 20 million dollar ! richard be that right ? steve could be ! Lynn return with a cup of coffee and a creamer . richard so , I have be do a little research about all this , go online a little bit . and well , I have read all this rumbling of Natural Gas possibly contaminate water source ? killing crop and what not ? steve I understand you concern . I have read all that storey myself . and let I assure you -- richard people lighting they water on fire ? people get sick ? that sound nasty . steve this be just scare tactic -- richard I have a responsibility to protect this people . to ensure they safety . and , well , to be honest I be just not sure I be too comfortable tell my constituent to allow you folk into we town . no matter how much money you have . steve Mr. Richards -- richard there 's a lot of people count on I , Steve and not just in this town . ( more ) 22 richard ( cont 'd ) people look to I in the next town and the next town . you see , I have the opportunity to set a precedent here . steve look , there be answer to everything you just bring up -- richard now , I know you all have quite a operation in the work , here . plan to set up all throughout the state . I have hate to be the guy to jeopardize all that for you . Steve look up . Richards be look directly at he . he have a smile on he face ... a different smile . richard to lead this one little '' podunk '' town to reject you company . to reject natural Gas . I mean I can not even imagine what that would mean for you guy . ( Richards change ) and if that story get around ? in the papers ? on the news ? can you imagine ? what that would do to you balance sheet ? there 's a long beat . both man stare each other down . steve it 's 30,000 . richard what 's that ? steve we can offer you 30,000 dollar . the waitress come back to the table . waitress can I get you anything else ? richard ( without break he stare at Steve ) you know what , Lynn , I think we be do here . just the check please . she exit . Richards grab he jacket . then he pull out a small note pad . 23 richard ( reading ) the marcellus shale . estimate at 2 trillion dollar . with billion in potential tax revenue to individual state . back to Steve . richard Google . first one that come up ... first sentence ... now do you wanna re-think that joke number you mention earlier ? steve Mr. Richards , I be just be straight with you here . it 's simple math . best case scenario there 's 30 million dollar under you town . .1 % of that be 30,000 dollar . they want I to offer as low as 10 in this situation . but , you seem like a smart guy so I be tell you we have 30 . Richards reach for he jacket . Steve sip coffee . steve «+. but , I be also tell you this be a one time offer . Richard stop and look at Steve . steve do not do this . I have be here before and it do not end well . you do not wanna be last . you be right , we have team in place in town all over this state ... and the next state . and the next state . we be all the way up to Maine now . and every one of that town be signing fast . Richards smile , say nothing . steve look , I do not fault you for try . but , I be tell you -- hell , I be begging you . do not do this . because the truth be we will walk away . we always do ... ( more ) 16 24 steve ( cont 'd ) and then after every single town within 3 state have sign up and the blow of this economy be almost unbearable ... we 's 1ll come back . and we will offer you nothing . we will offer this town nothing . every lease we have sign , every piece of the pie we have offer . it all go away ... and we buy this place for nothing . Richards 's face have change . steve let some other guy be last . the waitress come back to the table with the check . he hand she a 20 dollar bill . steve thank you . Steve stand up . steve so , I will see you tomorrow ? richard i’1ll see you tomorrow . Steve exit leave Richards there to contemplate what could have just happen . int . motel - hallway - day 16 Sue and Steve walk down the hallway . Steve be , once again , check he blackberry . Sue stop at a door and open it . sue Nice job today . steve thanks . sue kind of anti-climactic . I think it would harder . this one 's easy ! steve they always be . 24 a sue well , good let 's wrap this up and get the hell out of here early . maybe I can fly home for the weekend game before we head upstate . 17 25 Steve be still look at he blackberry . suddenly ... he freeze . Long beat . Sue notice . sue what ? he turn back to she . steve ( quietly ) I get it . Sue smile . after possibly a moment too long she walk over and give now see ... she give and turn she turn he a hug . with she face over he shoulder , we can she conflict . sue ... that 's great . he a motherly kiss on the cheek . then sniffles back to she door so Steve do not see she tear . sue I be proud of you . steve Sue ! back . steve buy the plane ticket tonight . I / x11 even pay for it . sue cocky bastard . she go into she room . Steve turn and walk down the hallway . as the news finally sink in , he smile huge . Music begin to play as we : int . buddy be - night 17 welcome to ' buddy 's 's , the center of social life in mckinley . it 's warm and welcoming , a cross between hunt lodge and dive bar . there 's a long bar and a adjacent dining area , U - shape around a small stage . about a dozen animal , mostly deer and moose , be mount on the wall . the place be full of beer sign and photo of local with big catch and hunter with one foot on dead 10 - point buck . 26 Steve be at the bar , drink a scotch . next to he be he plastic bottle of water . the bartender , a enormous man in he 60' who be obviously the leader of a motorcycle gang , pour he another scotch from a very dusty bottle . bartender you want I to leave the bottle ? steve uh ... yeah , sure . thanks . he take a sip . woman ( 0.c . ) Three more , jesse . bartender well , goddamn . Steve turn to see a young woman at the bar . woman do not judge I jesse , it 's my birthday . bartender I do not say nothin’ . this be alice . there 's a part of she that 's likely still the girl next door , but the part we meet be a bit rough around the edge . she 's pretty without try and she know it . it be she birthday , a fact that be quite apparent from how tipsy she be . Alice look over and see Steve look at she . he immediately turn away . alice lemme guess . 40 . Marketing . married . 2 kid . Steve do not look up . steve 38 . stripper / waitress but be '' bear '' to be a singer . alice hey , asshole I be a teacher ! Steve finally turn to she for the first time . steve I be talk about I . 27 Alice want to laugh but do not . alice you be a waitress ? steve Times be tough . beat . without take he eye off of she . steve do you want a dance ? 100 buck per song . Alice finally laugh . alice that 's insane . I would not pay 30 ! Steve still not give in . steve you have not see my move . alice ok , now you be creep I out . Steve finally laugh . reaches to shake she hand . steve Steve . alice Alice . jesse bring back 3 budweiser bottle and 3 Jack Daniels shot . steve you be goin 's big for a school night . alice it 's my birthday . steve really ? alice really . well , tomorrow . 28 steve do they give you the day off for you birthday ? or do you just tell the kid you have get a stomach bug . alice first off , I resent the implication that I can not hold my liquor ... and secondly ... the first two period we watch video . steve ah ! alice so ?... steve so what ? alice what bring you to we booming metropolis ? steve well , I be from a small town myself so it feel a lot like home . alice oh yeah ? where 's that ? steve eldridge , Iowa . alice ah , you be a buckeye ! steve that 's Ohio , actually . alice same thing . steve ok . Steve smile . from off camera we hear a group of girl yell . group Alice , let 's go ! Steve look over to see three girl at a table against the wall . they be Alice 's friend , the one yell be gwen , full - figure and loud -- she think she 's bette midler . 29 steve well , it be nice meeting you . alice you even gonna buy a girl a birthday drink ? steve that would communicate the wrong thing . alice ( smile ) you be a asshole . steve of course I will buy you drink . alice absolutely not , you lose you chance . gwen yell again from the table . as Alice look , Steve stare at she and smile . gwen what be we doin 's ? we drinkin’ or not ? Alice look back at Steve . alice how long you in town ? steve uhh -- a bit . I be gonna be around for a bit . alice you be gonna be '' around for a bit ? '' ++. you be a terrible liar . steve I be not lie ! Alice smile , skeptical . alice well , you wanna give a girl a real birthday gift ? Steve smile . seem a little forward , but hey ! 30 steve sure . Alice do not break eye contact with Steve . after a beat . alice jesse , we be play absolut madness . Steve , still smile , be confuse . steve what 's absolut madness ? alice it 's pretty much what it sound like . you and jesse both drink 5 shot in 5 minute and if you can get closer to the bull eye on that dartboard we drink for free and you get you Polaroid on the wall . she point behind the bar to a line of Polaroid of man completely annihilate . steve that 's not at all what it sound like . I be in . jesse begin set up shot glass . and slam down a bottle of absolut vodka . other people in the bar start gather to watch . Steve notice . steve how bout this ! we drink 8 shot in 8 minute and everyone here drink for free ! jesse look to Alice concerned . she laugh knowingly . alice sure ! every one cheer ! jesse shake he head . alice good luck ! as the man grab they first shot and cheer each other we : CUT to : 18 31 int . house - morning 18 Steve be dead asleep on a couch that be too small for he . he be cover in what look like a hand make blanket . he be jarre awake ... by nothing . he take in he surroundings . all of a sudden we see Alice sit at a small table . she be completely dress and ready for the day . she drink a cup of coffee as she read the morning paper online . alice oh thank God , you be still pretty handsome . he stare at she for a moment put the piece of he head back together . alice you be late . steve what ? alice you phone have not stop buzzing for the last half hour . Steve check he phone . see the miss call and more importantly , he see the time . he be very late . steve shit ! he immediately jump up ... that be not a good idea . he flinch for a split second . then begin quickly get dress . ( he be wear the same shirt but just boxer . ) steve listen , I have a really great time . alice do you ? steve well ... I just mean -- alice nothing happen , Steve . beat . Steve be confuse . 32 alice well , actually you do kiss I just before you throw up the first time . steve oh my God ! I be really sorry . thank you ... for let I stay . alice it 's fine . I be gonna let you sleep in you car , but you could not remember which one be yours . steve I do not drive . beat . alice well then it 's a good thing I do not let you sleep in you car . Steve be now basically dress . a dread part of the morning . steve so ... can I take you number ? alice you be gonna be '' around for a bit '' , right ? steve uh --- alice it 's not that big a town . you will see I again . Steve be still put everything together . steve o -- ok . be the -- be the door --? alice at the front of the house . when you get to it , you will find a knob . turn the knob and -- steve oh god . too early for that . beat . 19 33 steve well ... thanks . alice you welcome . in a daze , Steve go to leave . then come back again . steve hey , happy birthday ! he leave . Alice smile . ext motel - day 19 Sue , in the car , be in the foreground talk on the phone . out the driver side window we see a tiny blurry figure that we be not pay attention to . as Sue continue to talk on the phone , the blurry figure get closer and closer , then stop ... be it bend over to catch he breath ? or retching ? sue what 's wrong ?... because you call I 3 time ... what ?... what do you mean you be burn ?... why be you use a iron ?.... he ask you to do it ? fantastic !... I highly doubt it 's burn off , Danny . what do the nurse say ? throw hand or catch hand ? so can you play this weekend ? what you mean pitch ? when do the coach say that ? Danny , that 's amazing ! finally the blur continue to come closer until he be right up at the window exhaust ... and nauseous . it 's Steve . instinctually , Sue slowly turn she head and stare at he . Steve pop up . through the glass we hear : steve 5 minute ! he pause , take one more second to recover . then run out of frame . sue no , no , I be just at work . hey , guess what ? i’1l be there ! I book it last night ... hello ? Danny , can you hear I ?... I be lose you . 20 21 34 she hang up . ext . high school gymnasium - day 20 people file into a large high school gymnasium . int . high school gymnasium - day 21 at half court there be 3 people sit in fold chair ; the town supervisor . in the bleacher face they be about 400 people find seat . supervisor Richards be stand in front of the crowd . he briefly look over by the door to the side of the bleacher where tuck away , just out of view , Steve and Sue look on . Steve hold a bottle of water . a man be whisper in Richards ear . Richards acknowledge and speak : richard ok , if everyone could find a seat we will begin in a moment . thank you . Steve be type on he blackberry . Sue look at Richards and drink a lemonade . sue he all set ? steve yeah , he 's on board . what be that ? sue lemonade . steve be it good ? sue great ! Fresh squeeze . there 's a kid sell it out there . she 's clean up ! you want one ? steve ( holding up bottle of water ) no . people be still filing in by Sue and Steve . most of they carry lemonade . 35 sue how many do we have . steve sign 14 today . so that 's 27 . think we will only need the one more day . sue I still can not believe that 's why you be late this morning ? we get back from dinner at 930 ! steve she be very cool . you have like she . sue you do not want to make statement like that just yet . name ? steve Alice . sue Alice ? ... Sue stop and look over . sue ... be she elderly ? Steve shoot she a look as Richards begin to speak . richard ok , I appreciate you all come today . unfortunately there seem to have be a schedule error so we will have to make this quick ... well , this be quite a turn out ! we be not use to stand room only . I must be do something right ! Richards give a politician 's smile . people murmur a response . richard ok , let 's get right to it . now , I know some of you have be hearing drib and drab about all this natural gas stuff . maybe some of you even have family or friend who have have natural gas come to they town . ( more ) 36 richard ( cont 'd ) in which case , I be sure you have hear , then , what a life change opportunity it be . creating hundred of job , and therefore million of dollar in revenue and large injection of funding into town infrastructure . beat . richard well , I be very happy to announce that we will be bring natural gas to mckinley ! there be a burst of applause . Sue and Steve notice . suddenly a voice burst out from the crowd . voice how do they get the gas ?? everyone look for the voice , include Richards and Sue . Steve look up for a brief second but finish whatever e- mail he 's work on . Richards spot the source of the voice . this be frank yate . he be about 70 year old , but he level of physical strength ... and calm strength of spirit , be apparent immediately . we recognize he as the man who drive the truck in the credit sequence . supervisor richard ah ! how be ya , Frank ? if you would not mind just hold on for one minute , there 's 1ll be time for question at the end . now , the company we will be work with be call Global crosspower solution and -- frank I apologize , I be just wonder how it all work , that 's all . we can see member of the crowd now turn back to Richards to hear he response . Steve , again , look up . he be completely confident in he new employee . supervisor richard well , its a rather complex process ... beat . people wait for a response . 37 supervisor richard but I will , uh , explain it as simply as I can ... there be , uh , rock deposit underground . deep , under ground . mile underground ! and what they do be create this drill that go 2 or 3 mile down and break up the rock ... shale , it 's call shale . and that break of the rock be what actually release the gas - - frank its call frack . supervisor richard Excuse I ? frank the process . its call frack . supervisor richard that 's right . that 's right . now , Frank if you have just let I finish please I - - frank I would encourage all of you to go home and Google this word and see what you find . unfortunately , it 's not nearly as simple as what supervisor Richards just laid out . now , listen , it 's true there be some money to be make have this industry come in , but can we at least not pretend that it be not without cost . without take she eye off Frank , Sue hit Steve 's arm , who have finally look up from he blackberry . steve just ...hold on . supervisor richard Frank , now , I be gonna have to ask you to stop this . this be completely inappropriate . and not at all the forum to have this conversation . frank Gerry , we have all know this be a possibility . and now it 's here . ( more ) 38 frank ( cont 'd ) so , seem to I this be the only forum to have this conversation . Drew turn around from a row or two in front to talk to Frank respectfully . drew Frank , I be sure we all appreciate the point you be try to make , but there really be not any decision here . we need this . there be grumble of support for Drew . Frank look around and then slowly stand up . next to he , he wife attempt to keep he seat for a moment . people stop to listen . frank I be sorry . but , this thing here . it may not be the save grace you all want it to be . now , Gerry start this thing by say that Natural Gas come here be life change ... and it be . it ’sa clean and efficient resource , but the way we go about get it be some dirty business . richard with all due respect I think you be out of you league . Steve and Sue look on . Richards try to maintain control . frank and the potential for error be just too high and the result can be both horrible and irreversible . richard thank you , Frank . frank there be report from all over the country of people 's water be contaminate . sue no , no , no ... frank people who have to haul they own water from mile away . it 's harder to get enough for you crop and cattle -- let alone to drink . 39 richard ok , Frank . I have absolutely have enough of this ! we do not have to -- all of a sudden Steve step out from behind the bleacher . Sue reach to grab he . sue Steve -- steve ( cut she off without look . ) I have get this . sue goddamn it . Steve arrive next to Richards completely calm . steve sorry I be late , Mr. Richards . what do I miss ? everyone look down to Steve ... he have never be so public in he career . Steve look up at Frank . steve oh , I be sorry I think I interrupt you mrrrrrrrr ? frank yate .... my name be Frank yate . steve oh , Mr. yate , be you connect with a environmental group ? Frank chuckle . frank no. steve oh , what line of work you in , Sir ? frank I be a teacher here at the high school . steve a teacher . frank I teach science . what about you , mrrrrrrrr ? 40 a few people chuckle at Frank 's confident retort , include Steve . steve my name be Steve butler . I ’ma consultant , here , for Global crosspower solution . frank ah , then you be the man we have to thank for all that money . steve I wish ! no , I be just the guy that work for the guy that work for the guy that may have have something to do with all that money . there be some laugh from the crowd . steve I only hear the last part of what you be say , but you sound like aman that 's certainly do he homework ! where , may I ask do you get all you information ? frank Mr. butler , you and I both know the information I be refer to be vast and detailed . steve you be probably right . and I be sure I be not the guy who have all the answer . frank oh , then you have be the perfect guy for they to send to deny everything . beat . Steve smile and chuckle again . steve listen , I be not go to deny that this issue have be make very complicated by a number of company that have have they fair share of incident . ( more ) 4l steve ( cont 'd ) but , natural gas be not a new issue . we have be drilling in this country for over 50 year . and like any industry , you evolve . my company alone have invest million and million of dollar . now why would we do that ? if we be this ‘evil machine 's that care about nothing but the bottom line , why would we invest in something that be fatally flaw ? because instead of be one of the company that be work to make the process '' faster '' , we choose to make it '' right '' !... for this exact moment . because we know if we figure out how to do it right ... we would be the only one on the field . Frank smile . beat . frank but Global be be sue . be that right , Steve ? by numerous party . deal with this exact technology . steve sure we be . like any other company we size in every other industry . and we stand up to that people because we be not in the business of hand out free money to people who make false claim . and we have not lose once . frank well , you can not lose a game that 's still be play . frank look , Mr. butler , I be sure even you can admit that frack be far from a perfect process . steve perfect ? ( smile ) no , maybe not .. but with all the government restriction they put on we and hoop we have to jump through , it 's pretty close to perfect . ( more ) 42 steve ( cont 'd ) heck , the only reason why natural gas be so big right now be because it 's finally the clean alternative to the incredibly dangerous industry like coal and oil . if you know of another industry that 's cleaner than this and can have this big a impact on we country right now , please tell I , cause I will go work there . crowd smile . beat . if frank if it 's such a incredible alternative why do they need a man stand off to the side of the room to make sure we all go for it ? seem like it should be able to sell itself . Steve stutter for even a moment we can not see it . frank but you be not the man with the answer .... so , who be ? because I still have question ... steve I can certainly try . frank well , good , I have question about frack water ; where they put all that water they shoot into the ground when it come back up ? that be highly toxic stuff . the air pollution from the well tank , the potential for ground water contamination , the deadly effect on live stock and basically how would we live here when this be all over ? Steve still somehow appear unflappable , hide he all but lose composure . steve ... and I be happy to answer all that question . there 's no such thing as a neutral position here . if you be against natural gas , you be for coal and oil . unless we talk about cut we consumption . ( more ) 43 steve ( cont 'd ) and so far that 's a conversation none of we be willing to have . Frank smile . there 's a long pause . frank Steve , I just come here to point out that this issue be a bit more complicated than it seem . steve well , you have certainly do that . frank great , so I think we should take a vote ? steve wait , what ? frank in a few week , once everyone have have a chance to think this whole thing through , I think we should put it to a vote . steve but that 's not -- he turn to Richards , confident this be not possible . richard oh for God 's sake . Frank , unfortunately this be not a issue that be in the realm of a town vote . frank Gerry , the law state it be completely within the board 's power to relinquish any major decision to the will of the people ... if they so choose . the crowd start grumble , seemingly with support for both side of the conversation . steve Mr. yate , with all do respect , I have talk to a lot of folk here who really need this . and I do not think anyone here be go to be sway by one man . 44 frank you be right . Frank look to the crowd . there 's a long beat . suddenly , as if on cue , a swell of people begin stand up . at first glance it would appear to be a majority of the crowd ... we now know the reason for the big turnout . as they rise we see the rush of blood to Steve 's head . off to the side , Sue 's eye be wide . frank this people and I get together to say we strongly believe that this be not in the best interest of this town . a man run up to Richards and whisper in he ear . this be the coach of the high school basketball team . we now see at one of the door of the gym , the team have enter and be stand off to the side ready for a practice . supervisor richard uh ... yeah ... yeah , sure thing , Stan . go ahead . the boy immediately flood into the gym and go into lay up line . Richards turn back and try to compose himself . supervisor richard well , this be not everybody , Frank . you know not even half the town be here today . frank exactly ! and I think all that people would hate to be leave out of such a big decision . supervisor richard Frank -- frank let 's face it , Gerry , money can often lead to bad decision . you have see the same number I have and with the recent figure on the deposit in this area at 150 million dollar , let 's all take some time to think it through . Richards look over at Steve . 22 45 supervisor richard 150 million dollar ? frank that be the latest number out of the university . Steve say nothing ... and that say everything . this register like a freight train on Richards . he 's be dupe and be immediately furious ! stare straight at Steve : supervisor richard well 150 million dollar be a lot of money .... beat . supervisor richard let 's have a vote ! Steve go to say something ... supervisor richard say , three week . we be adjourned ! Richards glare at Steve as he walk past he . supervisor richard asshole ... time seem to have slowed down for Steve who have no idea how to process what happen in the last 3 minute . he look over at Sue who be furious . the basketball team immediately rush out around Steve , all dribble ball , as people begin to file out . from up above we see Steve just stand there at half court as he be completely surround ... by this basketball team ... by this town . int / ext . bronco - drive - day 22 Sue be behind the wheel drive furiously and fast . sue Holy shit . beat . sue Holy shit ! 46 steve calm down , Sue . sue do not tell I to calm down ! what be that ? stepping out on that court ? what the hell be you think ? steve I be try to fix thing ! sue bull shit ! you do not want to lose ! you see a old man beat up on you newest investment and you take that as some personal slight to you ? he be just try to score point on a town official , until you play right into he and hand he the whole game !! '' Natural gas be not perfect ? '' what be you think ? and what happen with the politician ?... why be he so piss ??? steve ++. I tell he the number be 30 million . sue Jesus Christ ! well , once again , you come in below the price point ! be it worth it ?? steve I be sorry , Sue .... sue Steve ! I do not give a shit about you number or you promotion ! I do not ! my son be in fuck Houston with he stupid fuck dad . I do not give a shit about be number one , I be here to do a job and go home . steve I be sorry , Sue ... sue stop with the fuckin’ sorry ! 23 47 sue «+. the plan be the same ! but start now we sign everyone ! I do not care if they have 100 acre or 1 acre . we go door to door and we lease it all ! we do not lose . Steve nod , but be obviously rattle . sue nothing 's change . they still need the money . int . motel - night 23 Sue and Steve be in Sue 's hotel room . they be skyp with some people at the corporate office . we recognize the man in the forefront as David churchill , the man Steve interview with . david what be you tell we ??? be you tell we that we could actually lose this thing ? steve that will not happen . we just have to move quickly . david Jesus Christ ! do you have any idea what happen if this vote do not go we way ? it 's like a goddamn wildfire straight up the corridor ! ( Close to hysterical ) if this get out ... the environmental group get into this ? everything change for we ! steve I understand . david do you ??? do you have any idea how this will play at the shareholder meeting ?? it will be a blood bath ! a goddamn blood bath !! we be send the back up team now . we have just get to do a all out push on this town . 48 steve not a chance . sue with all due respect , if you send in more people from the company we immediately look like we be run scared . david ( look to try and see ) .-. who be that ? a voice off screen answer '' Sue thomason '' . sue Steve and I can handle this . david well we have to do something !!! Jesus Christ ! what happen , Steve ??? you be suppose to get in , get out ! why the hell would you step out there and expose the whole goddamn thing ? beat . Steve look at the screen . steve it be a judgement call . I do not know , I guess I think -- sue Sir , it 's obvious they have plan this long in advance . the politician be buckle , that 's when Steve step in to try and put out the fire . this yate guy be just a wild card . steve he 's the high school science teacher . david well , we have he pull up online ... he 's a lot more than that ! Frank yate . ma , engineering , MIT . phd from Cornell in physics . Jesus Christ , the guy work R and D for boe for 32 year ? he retire , Steve ! he 's teach for fun ! 48a steve I will handle this , sir . this be my mistake . it 's a setback . nothing more - — 24 25 26 27 49 sue I can have this entire town commit on paper before he can get one more supporter . steve give I the chance . david well , we have get a lot to discuss here , Steve ... I do not think I need to tell you how important this be ... this one 's all or nothing . we understand each other ? steve ... I understand . the skype click off , immediately lessen the amount of light come from the screen . with no other light on , Steve and Sue just sit silently in the glow of the computer . Sue put a hand on Steve 's shoulder . fade to black int . motel - steve 's room — morning 24 Steve open the curtain let in the morning sun . int . motel - steve 's bathroom - morning 25 from the room we see Steve in the bathroom brush he tooth . take a small sip of water from a small plastic hotel cup and spit it out . there 's one last sip and he drink it . ext . MAIN STREET - morning 26 Steve walk down a oddly quiet main street . he be obviously in he own head . we follow he for a long beat until he come to the diner . without look up , he go to open the door . as the door open a wall of noise erupt from inside . int . diner - morning 27 Steve enter and immediately look up to see a bustling diner buzzing with heat debate . 49 k Steve walk up to the counter of the retro diner to wait for coffee through a mob of 10 other , shouting and argue various opinion and feeling about the potential new industry . he be take it all in as he stand stunne at the register . suddenly a voice . 28 50 voice coffee , handsome ? Steve turn to see Lynn , the waitress from he meeting with Richards . steve uh ... two . lynn cream and sugar ? steve yeah , thanks . Lynn hand he he coffee . Steve go to pay . she touch he hand . lynn no no , this be on I ... do not you worry about Frank yate , darlin’ . we all know it 's not true . she wink . Steve do not know what to say . steve thanks . lynn that folk can scream and shout all they want ... they still need money . Steve exit . ext . MAIN STREET — morning 28 as the diner door slowly close behind Steve , the sound fade into a complete silence once again . Steve walk along collect he thought . a car be park at the lone stop light . Steve look up casually and then look again . the man behind the wheel look at Steve , smile . there be a logo on the side of he car that read ' athena 's . as Steve get across the street , he turn back to look again , as the light change and the car drive on . off Steve 's look : 51 29 ext . motel - parking lot - morning 29 Sue stand lean against the hood of the bronco check she phone . Steve walk up with the 2 coffee . steve hey , do research say anything about a environmental presence ? sue none of the usual suspect . nothing locally . steve huh . he hand she a coffee . 30 int . classroom - day 30 52 we see Frank yate wiping down a blackboard . suddenly in the doorway appear ... the man that be in the car on main street . this be dustin noble . he be a tall man in he 30' and can immediately be identify as '' outdoorsy . '' he give a warm smile . dustin Mr. yate ? Frank look over . frank yes ? Dustin walk in . dustin my name be Dustin Noble , I be from a environmental group call athena . frank what can I do for you ? dustin well ... I hear about the vote . and I be here to help out in any way I can . Frank smile . frank look , I do not think anyone in this town consider themselves to be member of some kind of movement or on the front line of some great environmental revolution ... I have a feel we can win this . Dustin smile . dustin with all due respect , sir , you have pick a much bigger fight than you think ... so you have to win . beat . dustin and I have the one thing you do not ... evidence . Dustin drop down 2 8x10 photo of a farm with dead cow in front . 31 52a ext . SMALL house - day 31 Steve walk up a driveway , just as he do before , only this time the house be noticeably smaller than the one we have see before and the land much less expansive . Steve walk onto the rickety porch and stand in front of a screen door . he pause and take a deep breath then ring the bell . a 6 year old boy appear at the screen door . steve hey there , be you the owner of this place ? boy ( smiling ) noooo ! steve then how come you be do all the work ? 32 omitted 53 32 33 54 int . rob 's gun , grocery , guitar and gas - day 33 Sue walk up to the counter carry soap , toothbrush , toothpaste , deodorant and a bunch of can of soup and spaghetti o 's . Rob look up . rob there a storm come I should know about ? sue look like we be gonna be here for a while . rob not necessarily a bad thing ! Sue smile at he as he start to bag she item . Sue glance over and be shocked to see one of the window have be shattered . sue what the hell happen ? rob ah , I get into a bit of a heat discussion last night at the bar ... I be assume that 's not a coincidence . sue a heat discussion ? about what ? Rob look at she to say '' I think you know . '' 34 35 55 sue you gotta be kid I . rob it 's no big deal . listen , they all need the money . some of they just be not ready to admit it , yet . Sue just look at he . sue I be sorry . int / ext bronco - rob 's gun , grocery , guitar and gas - dayb4 Steve be sit in the truck , play with the radio . he be frustrated that there be no station . suddenly you can barely make out a U2 song , then immediately return to the aggressive sound of static . steve Jesus ! ( to the radio ) come on !! suddenly Steve look up and , in the rear view mirror , see Dustin fill he car with gas . Dustin look over at he . Steve get out of the car just as Dustin finish up . steve Excuse I . Dustin get in he car . steve Excuse I ! Dustin drive away . int . rob 's gun , grocery , guitar and gas - day 35 rob hey , you sing ? sue what ? rob you look like you would be a singer . sue what do that mean ? 56 rob Girls I know in high school who sing in the choir have hair like yours . on he own body , he gently pat the area just above he shoulder . sue I do sing , but I ... rob told you . it 's in the hair . think about it -- diana Ross , cher , dolly parton . they all have good hair . sue you be right ... but , I do not sing in public . rob what ? what 's the point of have good hair if you do not sing in public ? you should come with I tonight . sue to karaoke ? Rob smile . rob we do not call it that . it 's just open mic . you tell the band what you want to sing , they play it , you sing . sue not a chance . she gather the bag of item on the counter . rob listen this whole door to door thing just be not gonna cut it . you wanna sell to this people ? you gotta get ‘em all together or not get ‘em at all . Sue look at he . 36 37 57 rob c'mon , I should not have to tell you this . show you face tonight . make yourself seem friendly . embarrass yourself a bit . sue and if I do , you gonna sign you lease ? she hold up a clipboard and point to he name on a list ... he smile . ext . rob 's gun , grocery , guitar & gas - day 36 Sue come out of the store . she 's smile . steve hey , do you see a guy in there ? sue I ' 1l1 let you figure out how stupid that sound . steve I think there 's a environmental presence here . sue what ? steve cuz there be just this guy and ... I do not know . sue I gotta get a outfit . Steve look over , take aback ! what do that mean ? ext . buddy be - night 37 Sue have change ... not only physically , wear a outfit that be neither to fit in , nor for business , but she seem to also be in a different state of mind . Steve have change he clothes too . they sit for a moment . steve so be this guy handsome ? sue ( immediately insecure ) what ? 38 58 steve no , you just look nice . sue shut up . steve scene of the crime . sue oh God , this be where you be ? steve so be I sit with you ? sue no , I be gonna be with rob. steve who 's Rob ? sue the handsome guy . beat . Steve can see she 's nervous . sue God , the thing we do -- Sue go to get out of the car . steve wait ! beat . Sue look to Steve for encouragement . steve what song be you gonna sing ? sue oh , kiss my ass , Steve ! she jump out and slam the door . int . buddy be - night 38 Sue spot Rob , who wave she over . he 's get a table near the stage . Steve head to the bar . rob I sign you up ! 59 sue for karaoke ?? Rob smile . rob yes . drink ? Rob get the attention of the waitress . she start come over . Sue stare at the band ... and the microphone stand there in front of they . sue maybe get I two . Rob laugh . 39 int . buddy 's - night 39 Steve stand at the bar wait for a drink . voice be I interrupt something ? Steve turn to see ... Alice . steve hey !... alice ( reference herself ) Alice . Steve laugh . alice now you go . we ’1ll try this again . steve Steve . alice pleasure to meet you , Steve . beat . alice so it look like you will be here a lot longer than you think . Steve look up at she . 60 alice the town hall ? do not look like that go the way you want it to . steve yeah ... I be sorry I lie to you . we be only suppose to be here 2 - 3 day . alice that 's ok . we do not actually play a game call absolut madness . jesse 's shot be water . right at that moment jesse come and set the dusty bottle of scotch in front of Steve . he smile at Steve . Steve be totally confuse . steve ... what 's absolut madness ? Alice smile at he , knowingly . then hand he a napkin with she number on it . alice in case of emergency only . she get up to leave . alice see ya’ around , Steve . oh , and congratulation , you get you picture on the wall . she leave . Steve stare at she , smile ... still confuse . just as he 's about to call out to she ... we hear a noise . it 's come from the stage . Steve quickly turn to see ... Sue sing ' I saw the light 's . she sing the lst line ... silence ... she sing the second . it be not good ... but determine . suddenly , the bar begin to slowly clap ... only politely . Steve look to Sue , mouth agape . Sue finish to mild applause . she walk off stage to Rob . sue I think that would have go better . rob really ? sue do not people go to church here ? 61 rob yeah ... on Sunday . beat . rob hey look at it this way , now you have they sympathy . they 's 1ll never forget the woman who sing the Jesus song at open mic night . he smile ... she do not ... then drain she third gin and tonic . she look back at Steve who give she a completely sarcastic thumb up . Sue want to kill he . suddenly we hear a voice on the mic . Steve turn to see : dustin hello ? hello ? test . could I have everyone 's attention for one second please ? my name be -- there 's a squeak from the mic . dustin whoa ! hot mic ! Dustin laugh . the room be dead as they all look up at he quizzically . Dustin be hold a stack of leaflet . dustin I uh -- I just arrive in town and want to introduce myself to all of you and uh -- oh man , this seem like a much better idea when I be stand in the back . someone yell out ! voice sing something ! dustin how bout this ? if you give I just 30 second of you time , I will even let you pick the song ! there 's a few cheer and whistle . dustin my name be Dustin Noble and I work for a small environmental group call Athena . ( more ) 62 dustin ( cont 'd ) we travel around the Northeast to protect environmental habitat and wildlife . crowd boooo ! Steve and Sue look on a bit confuse . Alice be now stand by the bathroom door . dustin I grow up in a small town in nebraska , my family be a 5th generation farming family . dairy . there 's murmur of frustration in the bar . this be not what they be here for . dustin all we cow be now dead . the room be quiete slightly . dustin in March of 2008 , my dad find 12 dead cow down by a creek a half a mile from we house . by April 80 % of he herd be either sick or dead . and by Christmas he have default on he payment and the bank eventually take he house . 9 month . 150 year that farm be in we family and it only take 9 month to lose it . it be not just we . 16 other farm in that county go under . all the land just die . shrivel up and turn brown . make it very easy to see the only thing leave stand . giant green tank that say global . the room begin to turn as people take this in . Steve and Sue notice . Sue get up and head for the bathroom . Steve take he cue and follow she . dustin so , when I hear that you all be go to put this to a vote ? well , I have to come down here personally and tell you my story . this be not some environmentalist conspiracy . this be my life . the simple truth be ... one day the farm be there . 63 Dustin hold up the leaflet . dustin and one day they be not . sue what the hell be happen right now ? steve that 's the guy ! dustin my name be Dustin Noble . I be just a hick from nebraska and I be here for you ! sue how much money do we have leave ? I get this . she turn and leave . Steve stand look on for one more moment . voice bruuuce !! dustin what 's that ? there be a few chuckle . voice springsteen ! sing ! there be a small amount of laughter . that lead to clap . Dustin look around at the crowd . dustin oh man ! I do not know about that . that 's sort of sacred ground to -- the keyboard player begin to play lightly ' dancing in the dark '. Dustin turn to she . dustin you gotta be kid I ! the rest of the band jump in immediately ! the crowd react , goad he more . he be screw . weakly he try : 64 dustin .-. I get up in the evening . and I be not get nothin’ to say . the crowd cheer . Dustin smile . dustin I come home in the morning , I go to bed feel the same way . I be not nothin 's but tired , man I be just tired and bored with myself . hey baby , I could use just a little help . crowd join in . dustin you can't start a FIRE , you can ’t start a FIRE without a spark . this gun 's for hire even if we 're just dancing in the dark . now the bar be full - on cheer Dustin on . Steve look over and see Alice watch Dustin . he walk right up to she . and take she arm . steve hey , none of that stuff -- the thing he say . it 's just not true . she look at he . steve I be not a bad guy . alice I do not think you be . after share a beat . he head to the door , look back at Dustin . the entire bar be on they foot . people be dance and sing along . he have the entire bar in the palm of he hand . dustin they say you gotta stay hungry . Dustin , in full swing , grab a girl . dustin hey baby , I ’m just about starve tonight ! 40 65 the place erupt !!! at the door , Steve have have enough . he grab a leaflet and walk out . we stay on Dustin and the bar for a few more moment . he be a huge hit ! ext . motel -- parking lot - night 40 Steve and Sue stand outside in the parking lot . Steve be hold the leaflet which depict a poorly xerox picture of what look to be a dead animal with gas well in the background . on the bottom in block print it read ... global go home . steve '' Global go home '' , what a crock of shit . Steve slap he neck . steve can we go inside , Sue ? I be get eat alive ! how do you even know he 's stay here ? sue where else be he gonna stay , Steven ? steve none of that shit can be true , right ? sue of course not ! we would have hear about it . they be not go to send we in blind . steve I should have just confront he at the bar . sue in front of the whole town ?... on open mic night ??? Dustin 's car pull up . Sue give a know - it - all look to Steve . sue play nice . as Dustin get out of the car , Steve walk up . steve hey man ! what 's go on ? 66 dustin not much . how you doin 's ? steve what be you do here ? dustin what 's that ? steve what ... be ... you do here ? Athena ? I have never even hear of that company . what kind of name be that ? dustin it 's Greek , originally . Athena be the goddess of -- steve dude -- I fuck know who Athena be ! dustin ok , you just say you do not -- and , I be sorry , who be you ? steve you be kid I , right ? I be Steve !... I be the guy you be just talk shit about at open mic night ! dustin ah ! you be with Global . steve do you have any idea who you be deal with ? be this some kind of game to you ? somethin 's you and you stoner buddy can -- Sue put a hand on Steve 's arm . dustin I know exactly who I be deal with . I know all about you company . I have see what you do and I know how to beat it . 67 steve oh really ? by tell bullshit sob storey and sing fuck springsteen ? you gotta be kid I ! sue listen . you seem nice enough , but I hate to tell you you be way out of you league , here . we have sign more than enough lease to move forward with we development . dustin I would not underestimate this people . they be -- Sue step toward he . sue trust I , they be poor . they need the money . I know why you think you be here and I admire you commitment . but you presence here be only go to confuse people . beat . Dustin look up at she . she look at he firmly . as he look back down , Sue reach into she pocket and pull out a envelope . sue but , we do appreciate what you be do and would like to make a donation to you fine organization . after a beat . Dustin take the envelope ! sue we appreciate you cooperation . okay ? dustin okay . sue great ! Dustin pick up he bag and head toward the motel . Steve share a triumphant look with Sue . 41 68 steve he 's actually a nice kid . sue very nice . steve just confuse . sue right . int / ext bronco - drive - day Al Sue and Steve be drive through town not far from the hotel . we know this because though there be some land in between , the house be closer together . Sue see something in one of the few field out the window . she point . sue okay . check out the horse . Sue slow down . there be three horse off in the distance . Steve and Sue squint . steve they do seem small . sue next to the goat , see ? it 's hard to tell for sure , but stand next to a few goat , the horse do look unusually small . steve they should be bigger next to the goat . sue right ??? steve you be right !.... unless the goat be big . sue c'mon ! that goat be normal ! Sue start to accelerate . Steve be beam . then suddenly : steve Holy shit ... 42 69 in the front lawn of the upcoming house there be a sign post out front . it read global go home . it be a enlarge and slightly clearer version of Dustin 's leaflet . they drive by . both Sue and Steve seem confuse . then , a few house up , they see another one ... and another one . steve what 's go on ? Steve look back to see the sign as they pass . as he turn back to face front : steve Son of a bitch ! at that moment Steve see , park in the driveway of the upcoming house ... Dustin 's car . steve pull over . pull over !!! ext . house - day 42 the bronco pull over to the side of the road , as Dustin walk out of the house with a large sign in he hand . it be a large blow up version of the leaflet he 's be hand out which show a large photo of dead cattle and the word global go home on the bottom . a couple wave as he walk down the walkway . he be carry a large cardboard poster with he . Steve launch out of the car , try unsuccessfully to hide he fury . Dustin see he . dustin ( full volume to spite Steve ) hey , Steve ! steve ( to Dustin under he breath ) what be you do ? Steve give a overly cheerful wave to the couple on the porch . steve hello ! ( to Dustin ) what the fuck be you do here ? dustin I be tell this people the truth . Dustin stick the sign in the ground . 70 steve we have a agreement . dustin do we ? Dustin lean on sign . the couple look on . steve we sure as ( whisper ) shit do . dustin well , I guess I wake up this morning and realize I should do what I come here to do . steve you what ? dustin yeah , I just feel morally obligate to stay . indicating the sign . dustin oh , I put that donation to good use ! thank you ! Dustin wave to Sue . dustin hey Sue ! steve be you fuck insane ? do you have any idea what you be up against ? we be a 9 billion dollar company . do you have any idea what we be capable of ? dustin do you ? beat . dustin because all I see here be you and I . and one of we be a lot more confident than the other . 71 steve you be absolutely right , and one of we be go to punch the other one in the face . the couple go back in the house , a bit nervous . Dustin look back and watch they go then turn back to Steve , concerned . dustin Steve , stop . listen to I . you be do all the thing you have do in the past ... and they be not work . why be that ? steve not work ? we already have 60 % of the land in this town buy and pay for . it 's over . dustin Steve , you can buy 80 % of the land ... that 's only 40 % of the vote . wake up , Steve , we be not fight for the land . we be fight for the people . Steve actually look like he 's go to hit Dustin . steve you son of a bitch ! do you have any idea what you be do to this people ? this people need help . we be try to give it to they . what the fuck be you do ? from the truck : sue walk away , Steve . dustin you wrong , Steve . this people ? they change . it 's not just about the money any more . sue get in the car . he pat Steve on the shoulder . 43 72 dustin listen , none of this be you fault . this be just you time . you be go to lose . he begin to walk to he truck . steve really ? to what ? what be you sell ? dustin see ya around , Steve . as Dustin get in he truck . steve yeah , let 's just run everything on rainbow and laughter !... dip shit . Steve walk to the truck , piss . int / ext bronco - drive - day 43 Steve be stewing . after a moment . beat . sue look , we have deal with this before . we be fine . sue we just have to be smart , come up with a way to -- steve ( quietly ) turn around . sue ok , you have got to stop ! what be you gonna do beat the shit out of this guy ? steve turn around , Sue . sue this be completely infantile ! steve turn the car around , Sue !!! 44 45 73 Sue go quiet and look at he . after a moment ... she begin to turn around . ext . road - day 44 we see the car turn around and watch it drive off down the road . ext . field - day 45 in a large wide shot we see Steve and Sue from behind stand seemingly in the middle of nowhere . after a long beat . steve well , we have definitely get the space . beat . steve food and game to the leave , animal and bathroom to the right . we might even have room for a tractor pull behind the ferris wheel back there with the whirly ... thing . what be I miss ? sue I do not know . steve come on , Sue . sue I have never even be to a town fair , Steve . I be not in p.r .! this be for the back up team . steve we be the back up team , Sue . and this be how we win . when I be grow up people would talk about the town fair for month . if we can not sign everyone , let 's at least show they what its like to have some money . she look at he as he stare off . steve what be I miss ? 46 47 74 sue .... bouncy castle ... Steve smile . steve congratulation , you just get a job in p.r. int . motel - hallway - night 46 Steve walk up to he room after a long day and put the key in the door . when he look up , he see that one of Dustin 's leaflet be tape to he door . steve asshole . int . room - day 47 we come up on a indecipherable background . a greyish wall . after a beat : Dustin enter from out of frame as we pull out to reveal ... a black board . dustin good morning , everyone ! my name be Dustin ! we immediately reveal ... a classroom of kid . kide hi dustin !!! as we pull out more we see that in front of he be a brown bag of unknown supplies and on the floor be a large box . he 's talk to Alice 's 5th grade class . she stand off to the side , admire . dustin how many of you live on a farm ? almost all the hand go up . dustin alright ! from behind the desk he pull up a large clear bag full of dirt and place it on the table . he then reach into the bag and pull out a few toy figure of cow and horse . 7t4a dustin now , let 's say this be you farm ! 5 th grader that 's a bag of dirt ! 48 49 75 dustin I know , I know ! geesh ! think 5th grader be suppose to have imagination . ( he smile ) ok , how about this ! he pick up a pencil and wave it over the bag of dirt . dustin in spectro peculium ! poof ! now it 's a farm ! ok ? the kid laugh ! dustin whew ! thank God for Harry Potter ! we see that one of the child laugh be ... carson Allen . Claire 's son . CUT to : ext . SMALL house - day 48 Steve be stand on a porch wait . the door finally open and a large man stand inside the screen door . steve hey there ! my name be Steve butler and -- large man I know who you be . you outta be ashamed of yourself . steve look , the information you be get from this athena guy be not true . if you look at -- the large man slam the door . int . classroom - day 49 dustin and this ... from behind the desk he pull up a big clear tupperware container and pour in a large bottle of water . 76 dustin and this be all the water in town ! the water you drink , the water the cow drink , the water you puppy and kitten drink and all the water in the river for the fish . Alice look at he warily , a bit perplex . dustin now let I show you what happen one day in my home town , in a state call nebraska , when this company global , try drilling for Natural gas . he hold the bag over the container of water . suddenly he begin puncture the bottom of the bag with a pencil . dustin see , they want to drill into the land , like this . the kid laugh at the rather destructive action . Little bit of dirt start fall into the water . dustin but unfortunately they do not just use a drill like the one some of you daddy have . no , they use one that shoot water and sand ! Dustin take a sport bottle and begin to shoot water into the bag of dirt . after a moment the bag begin drip dirty water out of the bottom . the kid cheer ! dustin but hold on , hold on ! that 's not all ! in order to do all that drilling they need to use ... from the brown paper bag he pull out 5 or 6 bottle of home clean product , etc . dustin chemical ! now this chemical that they use seem harmless when they be contain right ? in fact a lot of the bad stuff up there you can find right here in the bottle under you sink at home . but they do not use one chemical at a time . they use all of they . 50 51 77 Dustin start to pour all the product into the bag . Alice pull away a little from the smell . after a moment a gross concoction of dark ooze start drip from the bag . kide ewwwww ! they be all a bit horrify . ext . motel parking lot - day 50 Sue and Steve walk to the bronco not pay attention . when they get in Steve look up . steve God damn it !!! the windshield be cover in the Athena leaflet with the photo of the dead cow and global go home write on they . ext . house and trailer - day 51 Steve exit a house say goodbye to the older couple . steve well , I appreciate you time . if you change you mind , you let I know . they shake hand and smile . Steve walk down the walkway disappointed . suddenly he hear a voice . paul there he be ! Steve look around and see a man in he late 20 's sit on the porch of a neighbor trailer . he wave . steve hey ! Steve keep walk . paul I have be waitin’ on you folk ! Steve look up at he . steve uh ... well , unfortunately I do not think you be , uh -- 52 53 78 Steve look into he folder . paul Paul geary . 442 Henley . on Steve 's list it be clear this man 's land be unusable . it be list at only 2 acre , which be not big enough to house a well . Steve clear he throat . steve oh , yup ! there you be Mr. geary , I apologize . paul no worry . come on in , come on in ! where do I sign ? Steve smile . as he walk to the trailer he smile fade . int . classroom - day 52 dustin now ... he reach into the box and pull out a lighter . a few gasp . kide whoa . alice oh , I do not think -- dustin it 's ok . Dustin lower the lighter to the discolor water . after a moment it ignite ! then burn gently . kide whoa ! ! I !!! they all cheer . ext . geary 's trailer - day 53 Steve be try to leave . the door be open . we can see down the walkway ... where Sue be stand . she gesture '' what the hell ? '' steve well , thanks again for you time . 79 paul you do not even finish you coffee ! steve oh man , if I have any more , I would bounce out of here . but thank you ! they shake hand . paul whoo ! no , sir , thank you ! you folk be doin 's a good thing here . we sure need the helpin’ hand . Steve feel a little sick . steve alright ! Steve turn to the street where he can see Sue wait in the neighbor 's driveway next door . paul hey , Steve ! you get a good feelin’ ? Steve turn . steve about what ? paul this well . you think it will be a gusher ? do they even call ita gusher ? steve well , Paul there 's no way to tell till we do some test -- paul but just you gut ! whatdaya think ? steve I think you seem like a lucky guy . paul whoo ! alright , well come back whenever with that contract ! steve alright . Paul go back inside . after a moment 's pause : 80 54 int . classroom - day 54 the kid be cheer . dustin why be you cheer ? kide it 's so cool ! dustin but that 's the water you drink . kide oh yeah . / I guess . need a big finish , Dustin look around the room and see ... on the windowsill be a aquarium . Inside be a very unlucky turtle . dustin what 's the turtle 's name ? kide trigger ! dustin do he water look like it 's as clean as this water ? a few kid answer quietly ... kide no . no way . silence . in a flash , Dustin have pull the turtle out and be back in front of the flame .. dustin well , let 's see if trigger here can survive in he new home . blood curdling scream from the kide !!... and Alice . Dustin stop . he 's give the great presentation ever . 55 int . school hallway - day 55 the kid be filing out . they all high five Dustin ! Dustin give they all sticker version of the leaflet on the way out . 81 dustin stick this anywhere you can ! get in trouble ! alice ( laugh ) absolutely not ! wow , that be great ! so vivid . Dustin smile , joke . dustin I be good ! Alice and Dustin laugh . a moment . the bell ring . alice well , thanks again . dustin no , thank you ! they shake hand . he turn and run down the hall . Alice watch he go . suddenly we realize that a group of kindergartner have be come down the hall , all lead by they teacher ... gwen . as she walk by with the train of child she stare after Dustin too . gwen goddamn it ! it 's you birthday everyday , be not it ? 56 int / ext bronco - geary 's trailer - day 56 sue what be you do ? steve let 's just go . sue how much land do he have ? steve 1.8 acre . Sue look over . she know what this mean . sue how much ? 57 82 steve 5000 ... Sue look back at the house . steve and tell he 15 % . sue ( chuckle ) that 's funny . smart . steve let 's just go . sue listen , that 's five grand free for that guy ! Sue go to start the car , it do not turn over again . sue ( smiling ) do not say anything ! Steve still look out the window , be not even pay attention . they drive away . ext . SMALL farm - afternoon 57 Steve knock on a door . after a moment we reveal ... Alice . alice well , hello . Alice smile . steve hey ! Steve smile . Long moment where the two wait to see what this be . Steve smile . steve be you the owner of this farm ?... be youuuu -- Alice neary ? Steve hold up a clipboard and point to she name . reaction from Alice as she heart fall for a moment . Steve 's here to pitch . she hide she disappointment valiantly . alice yes I be . 58 83 ext . alice 's house - late day 58 we be wide as we see look out on a incrediblly beautiful vista in the perfect light of early evening . this be the land behind Alice 's house . Alice sit on a small bench right at the top overlook the view . Steve stand give a energetic pitch to Alice . we can very softly hear the sound of run water . steve see you can tuck the well in down behind that group of tree to the right . Steve look at a aerial photograph on he clipboard of Alice 's land . steve and because of the way you property be laid out we could put a access road clear on the other side so you would not even hear the truck . beat . steve ( jokingly ) and we could actually put the cash machine right next to the couch I sleep on . Alice smile . alice this farm have be in my family for over one hundred year . steve exactly , and this money will keep it in you family for another hundred . you would not see any of this from the house ! alice ( smiling ) .-. but I have see it from here . steve look , you do not have to decide now . think about it . beat . Steve turn to she . 58 a 58b 58c 58d 84 steve ( knowingly ) I can always come back . he smile . she smile . they both know what this be . alice yeah , cuz you be gonna be around for a bit ! Steve laugh . they look out at the land . we hold on the two of they ... a second too long . int . motel - steve 's room —- morning 58a the clock read 4:30 be . Steve be awake . after a beat he get up and walk out of frame . int . motel - steve 's bathroom - moment later 58b mirror the first shot of the movie in the restaurant bathroom , Steve come up into frame splash water on he face . he look at himself in the mirror . ext . fairground - early dawn 58c Steve walk into frame carry a pile of lumber . he drop they down . take a second to look out over the land and then pick up a shovel and walk out a few foot and begin to dig . int . diner - morning 58d Steve be once again at the coffee counter of the retro diner . there be dirt on he clothes as he wait . Lynn come up and hand he he coffee . be she energy different ? she do not even look up at Steve . lynn two dollar . steve thanks , Lynn . she will not even look at he . Steve follow she as she walk back to join a group that sit by the counter . 59 85 he look down the bar and see Dustin sit with a bunch of people tell a story . he see Steve and wave . off Steve 's face . ext . dennon 's farm — day 59 next to a small dilapidate house be a beautiful expanse of land with a stream run through it . Steve stand by a fence with a man . this be Jeff dennon , mid thirty . he be repair a part of the fence that keep the animal out of the stream . suddenly Steve grab one of the fence pole and help Jeff . Steve 's ability be completely second nature . steve we send more than one billion dollar overseas every day to fuel we need for oil . now that 's just insane . to be spend so much money to buy oil ? fighting for so much oil ? when we have one of the large natural energy source right here in we back yard ! now this guy from Athena 's go around lie to everybody and -- jeff Mr. butler , you seem like a good enough man so I be go to be straight with you so as to not waste you time ... that little boy you see when you come to the door ? Steve nod . jeff he lose he father , my brother , 6 year ago in Fallujah ... so you do not need to lecture I on the whole foreign oil dependency routine . but let I ask you one question , Steve . if I do this ... what do I say to that boy ? what be I tell he ? what be I tell he about this farm that my daddy give I and he daddy give he ? what be I tell he about what he daddy go to the desert to fight for ? see , you and I both know that the only reason you be here , be because we be poor . Steve do not respond . 60 86 jeff how many well you get up near Manhattan ? what about Philadelphia ? or Pittsburgh ? Steve still say nothing . jeff it 's alright . I get it . that 's what we be here for . nothin 's new . beat . jeff but , you will never get what you come here to take from I ... and to be honest , I do not even like the fact that you be here try . off Steve 's look . ext . fair ground - day 60 Steve work in the hot sun bring bail of hay from the back of the bronco and stack they . he make it look effortless . we finally see the farmer he once be . where he 's stack they we see several fully build animal pen . there 's a mule in one of they . a large cart next to it . Sue arrive carry a lemonade . sue I have only be hand out flyer for like two hour and I want to die . I do not know how that Athena guy do it . ( notice Steve 's progress ! ) oh my God ! how have you do all this ? be that a donkey ? Steve begin to walk through the area he have just set up . Sue follow . steve a mule , yeah , the guy down the street let I borrow he to help dig out the course . 61 87 sue what course ? steve pig race . sue I do not like that you say that without even a smile . beat . Steve have arrive at a little well . he expertly hand pump some water to splash water on he face . he then take a long drink . sue you alright ? steve yeah ... I be just sick of this shit . this thing will close they . let 's end this and get the hell out of here . Sue pause for a second , see he change . sue alright , then . suddenly a pick up truck pull up with two man in the front and 4 man in the back . they get out and walk up . the driver ... be Rob . rob think you could use a little help . Steve be take aback . steve uh , yeah -- yes . thank you . you could work on put up that food tent . rob you get it . let 's go . the man walk past . Sue look at Steve and smile . int . motel - steve 's room - morning 61 Steve finish up get ready and go to head out the door . he look back to see if he 's leave anything as he open the door . when he turn back to leave ... 62 63 64 88 he run right into what seem like a wall . as he step back we realize what it be ... like a college dorm prank , Dustin have staple a huge version of the poster across Steve 's entire door . Steve have finally have it ! steve God damn it !!!! without even look at it , grab the poster and , as if ina street fight , wrestle with it , finally rip it down the middle . sadly exhaust , Steve throw the crumpled and bent piece of poster into he room . furious , he leave and slam the door ! ext . clapboard house - porch - day 62 Sue sit on the front porch with Claire Allen . she be signing a lease . in the yard in front of they , carson be throw a baseball with a friend . they be both wear they homemade baseball t-shirt . Sue watch they . claire be that it ? Sue snap out of it . sue that 's it ! Claire put she hand on Sue 's . claire ... thank you . Sue take this in and smile . ext . fair ground - day 63 the work site be buzzing . there be now a large group of people work together to help Steve . without any hesitation Steve unload horse out of a truck , raise tent with several other people , put up fencing for the pen . all the while he be ... happy . we see now that he be completely in he element . ext . baseball field - day 64 Sue be sit in the stand of a little league baseball game . Close on she , we can see that there be something different about she . she be completely at ease ... almost like she 's somewhere else . suddenly she begin clap . 65 66 89 we pull out to reveal that there be a change of inning happen . Sue be sit on the right field line . as one team head towards Sue , the team from the opposite dugout be take the field . we track the boy head towards first base . as he come closer we realize ... it be carson Allen ... we can now see he shirt .... a brand new yankee jersey professionally do . he finally reach first base and turn back to the field . on the back of he shirt we see the number ' 15 's and above that ?.... global write in bold letter . int . geary 's trailer - day 65 Steve sit with Paul geary . Paul finish signing the final page in a flourishing last signature . he laugh out loud and look across the table to Steve . then suddenly he jump up and head to a cabinet under the sink and pull out a bottle that 's only a third full . paul for special occasion ! he pour into 2 cheap , non match , glass and hand one to Steve and clink he glass . as Paul laugh in celebration , Steve finally laugh too . it 's genuine . Paul 's energy be infectious . ext . town fair - day 66 the fair be now nearly complete , there be pig in the pen , food tent be up , even the ferris wheel be up . it look great . Steve be now cover in dirt and sweat . he be direct several people where to put the port -a-potty , as sue walk up sip on a lemonade . Steve look at she drink . steve again with the lemonade ? sue you do not understand , it 's insane ! Steve look behind Sue . on the sidewalk be a 11 year old girl at a lemonade stand . steve Jesus , she 's everywhere . sue well ... everywhere the people be , Steve . ( more ) 90 sue ( cont 'd ) she 's a little raging capitalist ... you should hire she now , while you can afford she . Sue smile . steve it 's weird that you crack yourself up . suddenly Steve see something . steve Holy shit ... walk up to Steve ... be Frank yate . frank this be a great idea , Steve . lotta people look forward to this . thank you . beat . steve what be you do here , Frank ? frank think you could use some help . steve this -- look at the sign , Frank . this whole thing be sponsor by Global . Steve point to sign hang over the various area of the fair . frank it 's still a town fair , Steve ... I be not a communist . now , where do you need I ? Long beat . sue wanna help blow up the bouncy castle ? Steve point he in a direction of the bouncy castle . frank sound good . 67 68 91 he walk away as Sue and Steve just stand awestruck . ext . pick - up truck / road into town - dusk 67 similar to the first introduction to the town , we follow a pick up truck full of people as it drive down the road . there be 3 people jamme in the front and a whole bunch pack in the back . we pan through all the tired and dirty face and then come upon ... Steve . we hold on the whole group laugh about something and then hold as we watch the truck turn down main street . int . buddy be - night 68 the entire team work on the fair walk in and take a seat in a group . Steve take a head count and then walk to the bar . jesse come over . steve hey , jesse . we will start with a couple pitcher , just leave the tab open . jesse walk away as Steve wipe he face with a bar napkin . he be ... happy . suddenly : voice Nice work , Steve . Steve turn to reveal ... Dustin . dustin the fair idea be ... smart . Steve look at Dustin . steve well , thanks Dustin , I be sure that be hard for you to say . beat . Dustin stare at Steve . dustin you like this job , Steve ? Steve look over . dustin you love what you do ? steve on day like this I do . 91a jesse , hold 2 pitcher of beer in two hand put they on the bar . steve and buy he a round on I . one of that fancy import one ... anda granola bar if you have it ! Dustin smile and shake he head . dustin .+- you think you have what it take , Steve ? steve to beat you ? absolutely . Dustin smile . dustin who know 's ? you just might ... ( more ) 92 dustin ( cont 'd ) steve I 'il drink to that ! he raise he pitcher and cheer 's Dustin . Dustin smile and take a swig . suddenly , we hear the door open . both Dustin and Steve turn to see ... Alice . she stop in she track . dustin hey ! alice hey ... dustin you ready to go ? alice yeah . Steve just stand there try to process . dustin thanks again for the beer , Steve . be really sweet . I x11 take it to go ! 93 Dustin get up and walk to Alice who still look uncomfortably to Steve . dustin you guy have a great night ! Dustin and Alice start to walk . Alice turn back to Steve . alice hey , I be look forward to the fair tomorrow ... should be fun . steve yeah . alice ' night . they walk off . we hold on Steve who be still freeze , hold he pitcher like a jackass . 69 int . motel - sue 's room - night 69 Sue sit on the bed . she be skyp with she son . she 's put on a happy face , but something be hurt . there be a commotion on the other end of the computer . sue well , I do not know what to say . a no hitter ? danny it be only 2 inning . sue I do not care ! do anyone get on base ? danny --. no. sue then that 's actually a perfect game ! that 's amazing ! danny it 's not the whole game , Mom . from the other side we hear other kid 's voice yell '' come on Danny ! '' 94 sue well , you should not be on the computer with I ! suddenly another kid 's face pop into the frame . boy hey ms . t! sue hi , Colin ! the boy disappear . sue ok , go , go ! where you guy head tonight ? danny I do not know ... Sarah dayton 's have a party I think . Sue be try she best to keep it together . sue «+. you look really nice . danny ok . sue I love you very much . danny ok , mom . Long beat . then , with a wave , he 's go . Sue just stare at the remain glow on the screen . 70 ext . buddy be - night 70 Steve exit the bar ... a little drunk . there be a giant man finish a cigarette outside . Steve take a deep breath . the man hold out the pack of cigarettes . steve no thanks , I be good . 71 95 he look back up to the sky . suddenly a car pull up in front . it 's a brand new corvette . the light blind Steve , then go off . a door open and we hear : voice steve ! Steve squint to see who it be as he eye adjust . it 's Paul geary . paul it 's Paul ! Steve can not believe what he 's see . steve be that you car , Paul ? paul yes sir ! picked it up over in Barton 2 day ago ! be not it beautiful ? figure I have treat myself ! right ??? he laugh . Steve be horrify ... he try to make conversation . steve be that ... what be that color ? Champagne ? paul haha ! no sir ! that 's why I have to go all the way to Barton . that there be a very special color . they call it gold mist ! Steve be speechless . paul whatchu drinkin’ , scotch ? I be buyin 's ! as he head inside . Steve stand stare at the car look like he could be sick . int . buddy -- later that night 71 it 's late . Paul be go . only a few people remain in the bar . Steve sit stare off into space it seem . after a moment we here a loud voice yell : 96 voice hey ! Steve spin in he stool and through blurred vision see the source of the noise . 4 man , obviously farmer sit at a nearby table ... one of they be Jeff dennon , the man whose brother die in Fallujah . Steve look away . jeff hey ! Steve do not turn . jeff I just hear you be a -- someone tell I you be from Iowa ?... Steve do not react . jeff and you daddy he be -- you daddy 's a farmer ! steve ... grandfather . jeff what ? steve do not matter . jeff now lemme aska ... how do you sleep at night ? Steve turn slowly , un -faze . jeff no , I wanna know . how 's it that you come through this town . you see this place , you see this people . you look ‘em right in the eye ... and you sell this shit . beat . jeff you know it . oh , you know all about it . the gas ... the water ... the poison . you know it all . and you bring it right to we , you put it right in we face and say drink . ( more ) 97 jeff ( cont 'd ) and the worst part , the worst part be you be not some slick suit wearin’ city shark . no sir ... you know this people . you see this people . you come from this people . and you still go for the kill . steve «+. it 's not true . Steve look away . jeff look at I . Steve do not . jeff I say look at I . Steve do . jeff I want you to look I right in the eye -- steve -- right in the eye . jeff -- when you do it . yeah , I want you to see I when you do it . doti look like you daddy ? you gonna sell this shit to you daddy -- Steve look away . and laugh . all the farmer now stand up and move toward Steve . jeff you have somethin’ to say ? beat . tension be high . Steve turn to they finally . steve you people baffle I ... how you just do not get it . jeff well , why do not you explain it to we . what the hell be we missin’ here ? 98 steve money . and I be not talk about little pay increase . I be talk about '' fuck you '' money . some of the man shift they weight but say nothing . steve do not want to apply for college loan for you kid ? this money say '' fuck you '' , loan . you worried about car payment ? '' fuck you '' , payment . the bank 's gonna forclose on you family farm ? '' fuck you '' , bank . '' fuck you '' money be the ultimate liberator . and underneath this town be '' fuck you '' money . you think long and hard about all that brutal day workin’ . and the bullshit check you get from whatever goddamn freeze peas company that 's buy . you think about how much you make on you best day ... and then you think real hard about how much you make on you worst . cuz let 's be real honest with each other , they be all start to look like that more and more be not they ? this people ? this town ? this life ? it 's die and damn near dead . and you all see it come ! and you just will not get the hell out of the way . why ??? pride ? of what ??? what have you get ? and for fuck 's sake , how much of it be even yours ??? Hell , I bet all four of you be collect subsidy check from the government . well , when they stop comin’ ? when all that help stop comin 's and you have get nowhere to go ? you will remember this conversation and remember the guy who look you right in the eye and say '' fuck you '' . in a flash the biggest , quietest farmer walk forward and punch Steve in the face , immediately drop he to the ground . we see it 's the large man that shut the door on Steve earlier . the farmer stand over he and we can see they be furious ... but they also listen . it 's intense . large man you be a asshole . 71 a 99 the farmer walk out . slowly Steve get up and sit back in he chair . he take a deep breath . for the first time we see what Steve have be stare at before the farmer come over to he ... behind the bar , under all the bottle he notice a series of Polaroid picture line up . above the picture be write in big glittery letter '' absolut madness '' . at the end of the row of picture ... be Steve . for the first time we get a glimpse into the horror that be Steve 's first night in town . in the picture , Steve be ruddy face and sweat ... he almost do not look human . he 's in mid-scream and hold up he hand in metal - fan fashion , finger pose in the shape of horn . he look ridiculous ... but in he head ... he look awesome . underneath each picture be the name of a state or city . under Steve 's it say ' iowa 's int . motel - steve 's room - night 71a Steve sit on the bed stare off . we hold on he as he contemplate what just happen ... and what be happen . suddenly the phone ring . he look over to it quickly . it ring again ... he pick it up . steve «+. Alice ? sue ( 0.s. ) no , but we room connect if you be that desperate . steve Jesus , Sue ... sue ( 0.s ) just want to make sure you be behave . tomorrow 's a big day . steve yeah , I get it . sue get some sleep , Steven . steve ok , I get it ! sue Steve ... steve yeah ? 72 73 100 sue great job ... steve «.. you too . Steve hang up . as Steve stare , we hear the pre-lap of thunder . ext . town fair - afternoon 72 rain pour down on the town fair ... light have fall and dangle over the ground . the bouncy castle be half deflate . the banner at the front be heavy with water as the ink run off . across the street , we see Sue and Steve 's bronco . int . bronco - afternoon 73 Steve be sit in the passenger seat . he and Sue stare silently out at the wreckage , illuminate by the headlight . steve ..- we lose . sue let 's go . Steve stare a moment longer . Sue turn the key ... the truck be dead . Sue lean back and sigh . suddenly Steve reach over and turn the key again ... and one more time hold the key through a horrible sound . the truck be dead . sue stop . he do not let go . sue Steve ! stop ! Steve begin turn the key over and over furiously . then he begin punch the steering wheel , until finally ... he scream and jump out of the truck . steve fuuuuuuuuuuck ! !! 74 101 he begin kick the truck over and over until he 's exhaust . he just stand in the middle of the street in the dim glow of the headlight . Sue stare at he from inside . she say nothing . suddenly headlight come up on Steve stand in the rain get soak . he look over . a car stop in front of he and the window roll down to reveal ... frank. frank Nice day ! int . frank yate 's house -- late day 74 Sue and Steve sit at the kitchen table with Frank and he wife arlene . they be finish a warm and hearty meal -- turkey , potato , salad , homemade cranberry sauce , carrot cake . the red wine have be flow , too ... most of it go to Steve . he seem a bit dark . sue God ! that be so good . steve really nice . thank you . arlene you be more than welcome . sue I have to get the recipe for that potato , arlene . arlene of course ! you cook , Sue ? sue I do . my son and I - - well , I make he help I . Sue pull out she iphone and show she a picture . sue he use to stand on a chair next to I , but now he 's so tall . he like cut thing , vegetable and all that . that 's how I get he to talk - - stand side by side , you know , work on something . Steve 's eat the last of the carrot cake . 102 arlene so you husband watch he while you be travel for work ? sue my ex-husband watch he , yes , while I agonize . arlene ( get up , clear dish ) divorce be a monster . you just have to work double -hard , I imagine . Frank 's father die when he be only 8 . his mother always talk about the clarity of purpose . how helpful that be . there 's just you and the kid ... nothing else . you know exactly what you have to do every day . Sue 's eye reflect absolute recognition . Frank have not take he eye off Steve ... who be fairly drunk already . as Frank talk we begin to push in on Steve . frank what about you Steve ? where do you say you be from ? Iowa ? steve eldridge . arlene ( laugh ) oh yeah ? any family still up there ? steve 's +. no. frank wait a minute do you say eldridge ? do not they have a -- a plant up there ? steve caterpillar plant . Steve nod . he 's in he own world . frank yeah , that 's right . have a friend from boe who be from there . I remember that . be not pretty . 103 steve when they close it , that be it .... the town be hollow out . Sue look at Steve . if she 's hear this information before , it 's never reveal Steve in quite the same way . frank what , and no pretty lady to hand out free money and save you ? Sue smile ... a half smile . Steve do not respond . sue yeah , Steve , and what if there have be ? steve ( quiet ) I would move so fuckin’ fast . pause . steve I have take that money and leave ... ( point ) just leave . the room be silence . after a beat . frank ( gently ) ... and where would we all go ? this land on Steve . he say nothing . the room say nothing . suddenly Steve excuse himself and walk out onto the back deck . the other three just remain seat . 75 ext . frank yate 's porch ( moment later ) - late day 75 Steve stand look over the rail of the porch onto the expansive land behind Frank 's house . in the dwindling light it be not only beautiful ... it 's close to perfect . after a long moment Frank exit the house carry 2 cup of coffee . Steve be stare intently at something . as Frank join Steve , we finally get to see what he 's look at ... it 's a horse , perfectly proportion but very small , stand out by Frank 's barn . frank miniature horse . 104 steve oh my God , we think we be lose we mind . we keep see they from a distance , and could not tell -- it be alter we whole sense of perspective . the horse graze on a bale of hay . a dog sit nearby . frank a lot we breed they . they eat like rhino . some people think they be some kind of abomination . Big industry up here . steve what do they get for ‘em ? frank not enough , Steve . Steve finally smile . Frank smile with he . frank you be a good man , Steve . Steve look over . Frank continue look out . frank you have so many of the quality we need more of this day . Steve do not know what to say . frank I just wish you be not do this . this hit Steve like a brick . he look at Frank , perhaps to say something ... but be completely disarm . frank you know , I use to work up at some stable just north of here . they use to have a poker game every Friday night , the farm hand and the stable boy . one of the favorite storey in town be the night I take 50 dollar from the owner , Russ clayborn . I have raise he 20 dollar . and scared he into fold a full house . that be 2 week pay ! ( more ) beat . beat . beat . beat . beat . beat . 105-106 frank ( cont 'd ) I be 18 year old and I run all the way home hold three month of we mortgage . I be so damn proud . ( Frank chuckle . Steve smile . ) I run into the house , throw the money on the kitchen table and tell my mom I bet everything on a pair of 3 's and win . frank she take one look at the money ... and kick I out of the house . have to stay at my aunt 's for a week ... when I ask she why she just say '' you could have lose '' . Steve look over at Frank , but say nothing . frank in that day it be harder to find aman that be willing to bet it all . frank we have nothing leave to sell and we can not afford to buy anything . you come here to help we . offer we money ... all we have to do to get it be be willing to scorch the earth under we foot . neither man say anything . frank do not get I wrong , Steve , I be not better than my neighbor -- hell , I need the money too . frank ( chuckle ) I guess I be just lucky ... lucky to be old enough to have a shot at die with my dignity . Frank head inside . turn at the door . 105-106a frank let I know when you be ready to head back . we hold on Steve 's face . Frank walk to the door . he suddenly stop ... and without turn back : frank I be so worried for we , Steve ... 75 a 75 aa 107-109 int . motel lobby - night 75 a Steve and Sue walk in the front door . Steve be still ina haze . sue get some sleep , Steve . she walk off . Steve turn to a make shift coffee maker and pour himself a cup . suddenly the woman behind reception say . woman Excuse I . Excuse I , sir ? Steve do not respond . woman Steve ? Steve turn ... but say nothing . woman there 's a package here for you . Steve walk up and get it . it be a poster canister package with global return address sticker in the corner . instead of a address it just say he name . steve thank you . int . motel —- steve 's room - night 75 aa we be close on Steve as he open the package on he bed . he pull out the content and we immediately see a note write in bold that say urgent !!!: from research department . subject : dustin noble . underneath the note be paperwork of a insurance claim and other statistic . all of which Steve breeze through until he get to ... a large photo . we immediately recognize something familiar ... the dead cow . as Steve look harder we see the building behind the cow and recognize it as the same building in the background of Dustin 's leaflet . but this photo be from a different angle and much wider , now show the surround farm and land rather than just the cow and the barn behind it . Red circle be around object in the background . after take it all in and processing as fast as he can ... steve Holy shit ! 76 77 107-109 a Steve jump off the bed and run out of frame with the poster . int . motel - hallway - night 76 Steve thunder down the hallway . int . motel - random HOTEL room door - night 77 Steve be frantically bang on a door . he wait a beat , then pound again . after a moment the door open to reveal ... Sue . Steve burst into the room . steve we get he . we got he ! sue do not ever do that again . steve his whole sob story be bullshit !! I know it ! it be the only way he could beat we ! Steve throw some paperwork on the bed and begin to open a poster . sue what be you talk about ? what be that ? steve Research run a check ! they find this ! he lie ! it 's some bullshit claim that have nothing to do with we ! sue why , what do it say ?? Sue reach for the paperwork on the bed , but just then Steve fully unveil the poster . steve Sue !... what be this ? sue it 's the photo of he farm . steve and where be this farm ? 107-109b sue what ? steve where be this farm ? sue nebraska . steve and what 's this ? Steve point to something in the background of the photo . Sue look at it . sue a silo . steve .-. look closer . Sue squint ... then : sue «+ . Holy shit . Steve smile huge ! steve that be a fuckin’ lighthouse ! sue Holy shit. steve now geography be never my strong suit , but I be pretty sure there be no ocean in nebraska . sue «+ . he make the whole thing up . steve and when this town find out ? that he lie ? that he manipulate this people to get they vote ? they be gonna have fuck field day with this guy . Sue look at Steve . sue we win . tia 107-109c steve «+ . we win . int . motel - hallway tia Sue and Steve bang on a door . no response . steve Dustin ! they both bang again . steve gotta talk to ya’ man ! no response . int . richard 's office Richards sit in he low light office . the phone ring . after a moment he pick it up . richard hello ?... hey , Steve ... what ??... Jesus !!... ext . alice 's house - night Steve knock on a door . he be hold the poster . after a moment , Alice open . she can see something be wrong . there 's a long pause as they stare at each other . steve Dustin 's a liar ... Steve hand she the poster . she begin to look at it . steve ( cont 'd ) he lie about everything . alice what be you talk about ? he point to the lighthouse . he know she will get it . steve I just come from Richards 's . the whole town will know by morning . but I want you to hear it from I . 78 107-109d she look up at Steve . steve ( cont 'd ) you deserve someone who tell the truth . alice why do you come here , Steve ? steve I tell you ... I be not a bad guy . good night , Alice . he turn and begin to walk . suddenly she turn . steve ( cont 'd ) hey , if I have ask you out -- alice -- I would have say yes . pause . Steve finally smile . alice ( cont 'd ) good night , Steve . smiling , she shut the door . off Steve 's look : ext . motel parking lot - night 78 Steve walk up the street to the parking lot . he be deep in think . suddenly , we hear a door close . Steve look up to see ... Dustin . they stare at each other , freeze for a moment . steve what you do be go to hurt a lot of people . Dustin walk to the car without speak . steve ( cont 'd ) what be you think , man ? I mean , how do somebody do that ? you base you entire case against we on a lie ? dustin look , I just talk to Richards . just let I leave . 107-109e steve do you not think we be gonna find out ? I mean , Jesus . you just guarantee we the win . dustin you be gonna lose , Steve . steve what ? dustin it might not be Athena who do it , but one of this day , you will lose . I just hope I be there to see it ! steve well , I can guarantee it 's not gonna be Athena . do you have any idea how bad this be ? Athena 's do . it 's over for you . dustin what else be I suppose to do , Steve ? this be not a fair fight . Jesus Christ , I go around do what ? handing out leaflet and poster ? I be out there on my own ! I have get nothing man ! this vote mean everything ! I have too ! steve no . you do not have to . you fuck up . dustin then what else be I suppose to do ? you tell I , Steve . in a world where nobody care . where a company like yours can do that in Lafayette , Louisiana . or here in mckinley . or the next place you go . because you know it 's gonna happen again and again . so you tell I , Steve , what be I suppose to do ? Long pause . steve I never say this farm be in Lafayette , Louisiana ... pause . 107-109 F dustin what ?... what be you talk about ??? steve I never tell you this happen in Lafayette , Louisiana . how could you know that ? dustin that people need my help , Steve . they call I ! steve no , they do not . you say yourself we be too clever . we make sure in all that fine print that they be never allow to call anyone . definitely not a environmentalist . dustin ok , Steve ... steve Dustin , how do you know where this farm be ? pause . Dustin look off . Long beat . beat . steve ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ , where do you even get this picture for you poster . dustin Steve . steve Jesus Christ , Dustin - - why be you here ? dustin fuck !... that be stupid . I should have just get in the car . dustin we be never gonna let they vote . 107-109g Steve be completely take aback . after a long moment ... it hit he . steve ++. you be with Global . Jesus Christ , you be with global . dustin do you really think a they be go to leave something like this in you hand ? after you let they bring it to a vote ? come on , company like Global do not rely on anyone . that 's how they win . they win by control every outcome . they do that by play both side ... steve but I have be -- dustin what ?... what do you do , Steve ? what be it you think you do ? I do everything . all this be I . Athena be I . this story be I . get you the package to take to the politician ... be I . see , you have only do what I have allow ( expect ) ( suppose to ) ( want ) ( knew you ) ( predict ) you to do ... and you do you job . it work . it 's do . we win . beat . Steve say nothing . Steve look up . steve so , this farm -- dustin oh come on Steve , stay with I . this farm do not matter . they have already deal with this . that 's do . steve they say it be a false claim . dustin steve. 107-109h steve but , this happen ... this happen . dustin of course it happen ... and now , let I give you a bit of advice ... you be gonna want to stop ask question . you be at the big kid table . beat . Dustin look into Steve 's eye . dustin ( cont ’d ) you be a good choice for this , Steve . you will do a good job . good luck in New York . Dustin walk to the truck and open the door . he start the car and in a moment he 's go . Steve just stand alone in the parking lot , devastate ... still hold the poster . after a moment he turn to the door of the motel . stand behind the screen door ... be Sue . sue funny . smart. 79 omitted 110 79 111 toa int . rob 's store - afternoon toa Sue be walk up to the counter with a pack of gum . Rob look up and smile . rob that 's it ? sue that 's it . rob sorry , I can not make the vote . 79 B 80 112 sue ( knowingly ) I think we will be ok . as Rob ring she up : rob ( smiling ) I have get you figure out . sue oh yeah ? rob you do not really care about any of this . you only want to get home to you kid ... and I think that 's terrific . this reach Sue more than she will ever show . Rob look at she and smile . rob well , that 's that . sue that 's that . they both know this be they goodbye . Sue turn and leave . int . high school - afternoon 79b we see a mirror . one again , Steve pop up into the frame splash water on he face . we widen out to reveal ... he be in a high school bathroom . he look at himself in the mirror . we can hear the rumbling of a large group of people in the background . we hold on Steve . the sound get louder as we cut to : int . high school gymnasium —- afternoon 80 in the stand , once again , a crowd be gather ... much larger than the first time . once again many of they be hold lemonade . Steve enter through the door hold the tape together poster . he look out to center court where Richards be get ready to begin . richard ok , so if everyone can take they seat please ? we have a lot to get to today . 113 Steve seem tense ... nervous . suddenly : voice lemonade ? Steve turn to see , just a few foot away from he be ... the lemonade girl . steve be it good ? girl really good . Steve look and see she have set up right in between the door and the stand . steve you get a good spot here . girl I know . the girl smile . Steve smile back and pick up a cup . he take a sip ... taste it for the first time . steve --. wow. girl I know . she smile . he place a dollar on the table and pick up the poster , readying himself . we suddenly hear the sound of coin . girl mister ? Steve turn . girl you forget you change . steve oh , no , no . that 's for you ! the girl be confuse ... and then put she arm out hold the change . girl the sign say it 's only twenty five cent . so ... it 's only twenty five cent . 81 114-115 this honesty and purity hit Steve ... he reach he hand out and take the change . look down at she look at he ... steve ... really good . int . gymnasium - afternooon 81 a man come up and stand next to Richards . he indicate the basketball team at the other door , now in uniform . richard ( to the coach ) I know , I know . we be just gonna be a few more minute . ( back to the crowd ) now before we get to the vote , Steve butler just want to say a few word . Steve arrive at center court and look out to the bleacher . Sue sit in the front row . Steve look around and take some of the familiar face he have come to know ; Drew , Jeff , Claire , arlene , Frank , etc . he land on Alice . she look back at he . he give she a small smile . 116-117 Steve hold up the poster . he look out at the crowd . after a long pause : steve I know there 's be a lot of talk about this poster . so I figure I would just show you all . he show they . pause . beat . steve ( cont 'd ) I be look at this picture for a while last night . a long while ... but , I find myself stare at this barn . the wood on the side be buckle . probably from all the salt water in the air . the paint 's chipping and the flag be fade . it remind I of my grandfather 's barn ... that barn be the bane of my existence ... it be immaculate . it seem like every other summer we be out painting that thing . hour and hour ... in all that heat . and I remember ask he why . why do we have to do this ? and he would just look at I and say '' it 's we barn . who else be go to do it ? '' steve ( cont 'd ) I always think he be crazy ... and stubborn ... and proud . Steve look to Alice . steve ( cont 'd ) but I think he be just try to teach I how to take care of something . steve ( cont 'd ) you all know Dustin lie ... that he make up a story to get you to vote the way he want you to and in the end ... that 's exactly what he do . Dustin be not a environmentalist . Dustin work for Global . Global could not afford a environmental presence ... so they create they own . ( more ) 82 116-117a steve ( cont 'd ) they want to make the decision for you ... and they be betting that you have let they . beat . steve ( cont 'd ) they be do all this to protect themselves . because this be not Dustin 's farm ... but it do happen . this be a Global farm . now , I be not say this would happen here . but they know the only reason we be all in this room ... be to ask ... what if it do . beat . steve ( cont 'd ) I do not know what the answer be anymore ... but at this point ? where we be ? we be betting a lot more than we think . everything we have -- everything we be be on the table now ... and it 's just not ours to lose . steve ( cont 'd ) this be still we barn . no matter what they do ... no matter what they think ... it 's still we barn ... that 's 1l never change . Steve just stand . no one say anything . Sue just stare at he . after a moment , he see the player in the doorway . steve ( cont 'd ) «+. go Pioneers . Steve head for the door , a man with purpose . ext . gymnasium —- parking lot 82 118 Sue lean on the front end of the bronco . suddenly she look over to see ... Steve walk out of the gymnasium . she 's finish up a phone call . sue «+. I understand . she do not even look at Steve as he walk up to the bronco . she hang up . steve be that they ? sue yes ... you be definitely fire . steve and you ? sue «+ . they want to see I in the city tomorrow ... Steve smile . Sue walk around the car and get in . Steve come around to the passenger side door . steve congratulation . beat . Sue be processing all of this at once . sue can I give you a lift somewhere ? steve c'mon , Sue . beat . she look up at he . steve it 's open mic night ! Sue smile . then she smile fade . she pause and look forward ... sue it 's just a job ... she start the car . look back at he . sue --- oh , for the love of God , at least get some new boot . 119 Steve smile . steve «+ . not a chance . she drive off . Steve just stand and watch the car drive away ... then take a turn and disappear . he be now alone . quietly we begin to hear music ... Steve finally turn and walk across the street . as we follow he we finally see ... buddy 's . the music begin to build . Steve look to the bar and barely , but enough , we can see a sign ... OPEN mic night . the camera widen ... as Steve enter the bar . and as the camera continue to rise we see ... for the first time ... a shot of this main street ... the first full picture of this town . we hard CUT to black : the end