prom night written by William Gray from a story by Bob guza final draft fade in : ext . elementary school - day super : April 27 , 1973 all be quiet outside this suburban school on a sunny Friday afternoon . Cars idle in the driveway await the three o'clock onslaught of liberated child . two fade yellow bus stand ready . the lull be shattered by the clanging of the final bell . a swarm of child pour out the door and down the broad front step , scatter across the lawn toward the car and the bus . move slowly through the crowd , robin and alex hammond , nine - year- old identical twin , appear at the doorway .. attractive , dark - haire child , they seem more sub - dued than the other . as they walk quietly down the stair , Robin lag behind , stare at a boy teasing a girl nearby . he be nick mcbride , eleven year old , two grade ahead of Robin and the most popular boy in school . the pretty girl laugh at he antic be kim hammond , also eleven , Robin 's older sister . alex c'mon , Robin . robin ( stuttering badly ) w-w -where 's d-d-daddy ? alex he 's get a meeting at the high school . we be suppose to walk home with Kim ... ( see Robin watch the young couple ) she 's too busy . let 's go by ourselves . robin n- n- n-no , Alex . let 's w-w-wait . alex why ? Robin be stare at Nick . Alex look , understand . he 's angry . alex ( continuing ) you be crazy , I be not wait . ( continued ) continued : he stride away . Robin 's eye remain on Nick and Kim . Nick say something to kurt . she shake she head and pain toward Robin . Robin quickly turn away as they look at she .. when she glance back , ki_m be walk towards she and Nick be bicycling away . kim okay , let 's go . the sister start to walk across the lawn . robin y- you 1 - 1 - like he ? kim who ? robin ( smile shyly ) y- you know . kim Nick ? oh , he 's all right , I guess . they walk on in silence with Robin steal glance at she big sister . robin ( finally ) be y-y - you g-gonna m- in -marry he ? kim Robin ? Robin smile and take Kim 's hand . they walk along the road , kick rock and swinging they bookbag . sud - denly Kim halt . kim ( continuing ) oh , damn ! Robin look up in surprise . kim ( continuing ) Debbie be gonna lend I she new record . look , you go on home by yourself . tell Mom I will be a little late . before Robin can reply , Kim be hurry away . ( continued ) 3. continued ! ( 2 ) Robin watch she go , then move off alone , break into a skip and play imaginary hopscotch . as she turn off the main road into a side street , Robin pass a construction site . the empty skeleton of a half - finish apartment building loom up above the dark shade tree . hear voice , Robin stop to investigate . robin ( call out ) Alex ? the voice continue . Robin move closer , peer through the tall bush surround the lot . she see Nick play in . the framework with three of he classmate . Robin recognize jude cunningham , and kelly lynch as Kim 's two best friend . the fourth child , wendy richard , be a dark - haire girl , domin - eering and loud . as Robin watch , Wendy jump up onto the floor of the building . wendy I want to play ' murder . ' who 's the killer ? nick you , Wendy ! jude ( giggling ) you , Nick . kelly yes , Nick ! wendy ( laughing ) you will never catch I . hide you eye , killer ! as Nick turn he back , hide he eye against a ex - pose beam , the child scatter through the structure . Robin watch with mount excitement as Nick finish count , and whirl around . nick the killer be come for you ! he move into the building , chant " kill , kill. , " in a low monotone . as he disappear from view , Robin cau - tiously edge out of the bush and move up to the building . nick ( o.s. the killer strike ! ( continued ) 4. 1 continued ; ( 3 ) I Robin hear Jude 's squeal of laughter . Nick have catch she . immediately Jude 's voice take up the " kill " chant in unison with Nick . int . apartment build under construction - day 2 Robin climb up onto the floor and peer into the dark , gloomy structure . suddenly , she hear a shriek . ter - rified , she back against a wall . laughter follows im - mediately and Robin hear Kelly 's voice taking up the chant . as the three " killer " move through the vast structure search for Wendy , " kill , kilt " echoes off the wall and hardwood floor . Robin cautiously step out of the doorway into the im - mense unfinish lobby . ominous shadow slash across the floor as the excited girl listen to the relentless chanting of the child . Robin push on a makeshift wooden door . it slip off its temporary hinge , crash down to the floor . the noise be like a rifle shot ; suddenly , there be absolute silence in the structure . petrify , Robin crouch behind a wall , wait . the chanting quickly resume and she breathes a long sigh of relief . Robin move through a dark corridor , hugging the wall . flushed with excitement , she imagine herself a " killer " search for Wendy . as she move past a empty room , she hear a soft giggle . Robin stop and listen care - fully . once again she hear the giggle , louder this time , come from nearby . stepping to a doorway , she lean around the corner and peer inside . in the darkness she can see nothing . gather she courage , she quietly slip into the room . the room appear empty but a closet door be slightly ajar . as Robin approach , she hear a faint gasp from behind she . whirl around , she see Wendy crouch behind a cardboard box in the corner . wendy ( hissing ) you better not tell ! before Robin can react , she hear a thud from above . look up , she see Nick 's head appear through a open in the ceiling . see Robin , then Wendy stand in the corner , he howl in triumph . ( continued ) 5 . continued : nick ( calling out ) here , killer , here ! Nick 's head disappear from the open and Robin hear the pounding of running feet . wendy ( maliciously ) now you have do it , you idiot ! the chanting grow louder as the " killer " rush towards the room . trapped , Wendy look frantically for a es- cape but find nothing . turn around suddenly , she grin at Robin , a cruel , hard expression on she face . wendy ( continuing ; slowly ) kill , kill , kill ... pick up the chant , Wendy begin to advance on Robin . terrify , Robin turn and rush out of the room , bowl over Nick in the doorway . delighted that the game be continue with a new victim , he follow Wendy in pursuit of Robin . Robin flee down the long , dark corridor , " kill , kill echoing in she wake . as she round a corner , Jude ap - pear , loom up in front of she . Robin scream and sprint in the opposite direction . Kelly leap out of a doorway and grab for she , but Robin , swinging out blindly , escape the " killer . " int . storage room - day 3 darting into the large room , Robin collapse against a wall , gasp for breath . as she eye adjust to the darkness , she spy a rickety ladder extend through a hole in the floor to the basement below . stack up - right near the open be several sheet of window glass . before Robin can make a move towards the lad - der , she hear a horrible screech and Wendy appear in the doorway , a vicious look on she face . wendy killer , here ! Wendy advance . terrify , Robin begin to back away . robin n-n-n-no! ( continued ) 6 . continued : Nick , Jude and Kelly appear in the doorway , chant " kill , kill . " move quickly , Robin grab the ladder and start down into the basement , careful not to knock over the sheet of glass stack near the open . peer into the pitch - black basement , Robin hesitates . but as Wendy and she fellow " killer " close in on she , Robin continue down the ladder . Wendy rush up and grab the ladder . robin ( continuing ) p-p-please ! Wendy grin and shake the ladder . the chant be deafen . Robin hug the wooden slat . Wendy shake even harder . Robin scream . Nick move around Wendy to get a better look . he accidentally bump the glass stack next to the open . the sudden movement be just enough to dislodge a razor - sharp pane of glass and send it hurtle down directly at Robin . the girl 's last scream catch in she throat as the glass slice through she neck . she be instantly decapitate . horrify , Wendy watch the glass and the body crash to the concrete basement floor . Kelly scream . Jude sob loudly . Nick can only stare in shock . finally , he manage to speak . nick ( whispering hoarsely ) we gotta get somebody quick ! Nick start to go . Wendy instantly whirl , grab he arm . wendy be you crazy ? they will put we in jail ! confused , Nick can not reply . the other girl grow silent . wendy ( continuing ) if we tell anyone , they will say it 's we fault . who would believe it be a accident ? Nick start to protest . wendy ( continuing ; interrupting ) listen to I ! ( more ) ( continued ) 7. continued : ( 2 ) wendy ( C ont D ) we will go home now and never ever tell anyone . they will think it be a accident . 1,10 one but we will ever know . she look at each of they . they be still too numb to respond . wendy ( continuing ) everybody swear never to tell ! Wendy glare at Jude . wendy ( continuing ) Jude ? jude ( softly ) I swear . wendy Kelly ? Kelly look from Wendy to the mangle body and begin to whimper . wendy ( continuing ; sternly ) Kelly ! the frighten girl look up at Wendy . kelly ( whisper ) I do not wanta go to jail ... wendy swear ! kelly I swear . Wendy turn to Nick . at first he appear defiant , ready to object , but he wilt under she wither gaze . nick ( finally ) I will not tell . wendy slowly nods ) good . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) with a final glance down at Robin 's mutiliate body , Wendy quickly usher she shocked friend out of the room . as they footstep echo away across the hardwood floor , there be a terrible silence . then , start very quietly , more footstep be heard , this time a single person approach the ladder from above . the foot - step stop and a deep , black shadow fall across the ladder ; heavy breathing punctuate the oppressive quiet , grow louder and more anguish . CUT to : int . storage room - dusk we slowly tilt up to the torture feature of raymond hammond , Robin 's father . a handsome , dark - haire man in he late thirty , he teach history at George Winston High School . wrack with grief , he stand near the open in the floor and watch as two paramedics bring up the body of he daughter from the dark basement . a young policeman stand nearby raise the white sheet cover Robin 's remain . hammond step up and gaze at he daughter 's decapitate body . a look of absolute horror and revulsion freeze on he face ; what he see he will never forget . paralyze , hammond barely hear the car pulling up in front of the construction site . he turn and look out the window . ext . apartment build under construction - dusk 5 a Police Officer be get out of he car . walk around to the passenger side , he open the door for a attractive blonde woman in she mid-thirty . vivian hanmond , Robin 's mother , appear pale and haggard as she step out of the car . Kim and Alex slowly climb out of the back , with the Police Officer escort she , vivian and she child move toward the skeleton of a building . catch sight of she husband frame in a lower window , vivian suddenly break . away from the Police Officer and run inside the building . int . storage room - dusk hammond move quickly to the door , grab he hysterical wife as she burst into the room . ha :mmiond no ! vivian ( sobbing wildly ) where be she ? where be Robin ? see the cover figure lie on a stretcher , vivian moan in anguish . struggle furiously , she strain to break she hus - band 's hold , but he be too powerful .. they be both in tear , shaking with grief , when Kim and Alex step into the doorway . kim whispering ) daddy ? hammond ( angrily , to vivian ) why do you bring they here ? vivian collapse , bury she head in he shoulder and sobbing furiously , but hammond push she out of the room . ha ` 0 N D ( continuing ) Kim ! Alex ! stay out in the hallway ! Kim stumble out into the corridor and begin to cry softly . Alex take he mother 's hand and try comfort she . the paramedics pick up the stretcher and maneuver it out of the room . as they pass through the doorway into the corridor , a corner of the sheet slip off Robin 's corpse . before a paramedic can replace it , the de - capitate torso be briefly glimpse by the family . Alex be shocked . Kim do not appear to realize what she see . but vivian 's horror well up in she throat , burst out in a derange scream . CUT to : int . bedroom - day another scream , as throbbing DISCO music pulsate from a large portable radio sit on a dresser . super : april 27 , 1980 . a young woman with long , golden brown hair and a trim figure be slip into a pair of tight jeans . pull - ing on a halter top , she sway to the music . vivian ( o.s. ) ( call out ) Kim ! turn that music down . you be drive I crazy ! turn around at the SOUND of she mother 's voice , Kim hammond reach for the volume control now eighteen , she be a strikingly beautiful girl with a open , innocent quality . kim ( call out ) okay , Mom ! Kim quickly finish dress , whirling around the room to the pound disco rhythm . give she hair a few final stroke with a brush , she gaze at a photograph of a young man stick in she mirror . on the picture be write : " to Kim , the best on the floor ... dance , that be ! Love , Nick . " Kim glance at another photograph stick in she mirror . this one show she sister , Robin , take a few day be - fore the accident . her sadness pass as quickly as it come . gather she textbooks , she switch off the radio and exit . 8 int . kitchen - day Raymond and vivian hammond be just finish break - fast . the year have favore he ; except for a touch of gray around the temple and a few extra pound , he look much the same way as we remember he . vivian , however , wear the strain of the past seven year in she gaunt , draw feature and high -strung manner . thumb through he morning newspaper , hammond steal quick glance at he wife . she do not look up at he , but stare at the table , toy with she spoon . ( continued ) 8 continued : hammond ( read the paper ) I will tell you , vi , I be think of start up a armed robbery course at the high school .. I have get a feel it would be popular ... he smile at he joke , look at she . she do not seem to have hear he . hammond ( continuing ) I just hope there 's no trouble at the prom tonight ... Kim burst into the kitchen , interrupt she father with a kiss on the head . kim ( laugh ) mmmm , sound like fun ! hammond ( smiling ) and how be the next queen of the Winston High junior -senior prom ? kim scare tiff . she lean over to kiss she mother . vivian automatical - ly turn she cheek to Kim without look at she . kim ( continuing ) Morning , Mom . we get any yogurt ? vivian ( without looking at kim ) no , dear . fix yourself a good meal . you be get awfully thin . Kim and she father exchange glance . he shrug haivmond who 's you lucky escort tonight ? kim you know , daddy ... Nick . ( continued ) 1l , continued : ( 2 ) ham`iond ( nods ) I have be try to forget . the boy 's too sure of himself . kim ( interrupt ) Mom , tell he ... vivian ( softly ) Seven year ago today . hammond carefully fold he paper and place it on the table . ham�tond ( affect a casual attitude ) vi , I make you a appointment with Dr. Fairchild . vivian finally look up at he . hammond ( continuing ) it 's this morning , actually . sorry I forget to mention it . vivian today ? hammond ( look away ) you would better get ready . he 's fitting you in early before he other ... people . vivian ( upset ) it do not help . you know that ! hamiond now , vi ... vivian stumble to she foot and rush out of the kitch - en before he can finish . with a glance at Kim , hammond hurry after he wife . go out through the swinging door , he bump into a young man just enter . ham4ond ( continuing ) Morning , Alex . ( continued ) 1j . continued : ( 3 ) hammond exit . Alex , now sixteen , a tall , slender boy , cast a know look at Kim . Kim nod . Alex . shake he head , then begin to rummage through the pantry , pull out a hostess viTikie . ?lopping down at the table , he flip open he electronics book and begin to read . munch on he twinkie , he swipe sip from Kim 's glass of milk . kim have you get a date for tonight ? his mouth cramme . full of twinkie , Alex mumble he reply . kim ( continuing ) I happen to know Jude might be available . of course , she be older , but ... Alex almost choke . alex c'mon , kimbo , I may be hard up ... kim Alex ! Jude 's cute ... besides , she 's funny and really smart . give you somebody to do equation with ! alex ( sarcastic ) great ... anyway , I be in charge of the sound system tonight . kim not bad but it 's not romance . alex it will do for tonight . Kim shoot he a look , then back off . kim if you get a chance , dance with Jude once or twice , okay ? alex sure . he return she glass of milk , empty . ( continued ) 8 continued : ( 4 ) 8 alex ( continuing ) any more milk ? 9 int . live room - day hammond and vivian be stand by the fireplace . his hand be on she shoulder . she face the mantel , she back to he . on the mantel be a small shrine to the memory oftheir dead daughter ; a frame photograph , fresh rose , two candle and a lock of she hair in a glass case . hammond trust I . vivian do not move . finally , after a long pause , she turn toward she husband . her eye fill with tear , she nod . 10 int . car ( moving ) - day 10 hammond be drive . vivian stare blankly out the win- dow at the grimy city street . sitting in the back , Kim and Alex exchange uncertain glance . a tense si- lence pervade . 11 ext . office build - day 11 the hammond ' car pull up in front of a tower modern building . 12 int . car - day 12 hammond cut off the engine and turn to Kim and Alex . hammond I will just be a minute ... vivian be already reach for the door handle , 13 ext . office build - day 13 Alex jump out of the car and open the door for he mother . take she arm , he help she out . Kim lean over in the back seat . kim see you later , ' Mom . vivian give she a thin smile . hammond take she arm and lead she into the impose building . 15 . 14 int . lobby - day 14 hammond and vivian cross the room . though she offer no resistance , it appear he be pull she along . they hurry into a elevator after a elderly cleaning woman carry a mop and a bucket . 15 int . elevator - day 15 they stand in silence . the Cleaning woman puff on a cigarette , blithely ignore the no smoking sign post on the wall . vivian nervously reach into she purse and remove a bottle of valium . quickly pop two pill into she mouth , she swallow with difficulty and snap she purse shut . hammond say nothing . just as the elevator door slide open , the Cleaning wo - man touch vivian on the shoulder , cause she to jump in fright . cleaning woman could I have one of that ? my nerve be shot this morning . with a terrify glance back at the woman , vivian rush out of the elevator . hammond follow . 16 int . corridor - day 16 hammond and vivian move down the long , empty hallway . as they round a corner , a figure be visible unlock a door . hai` iond ( call out ) Dr. Fairchild ! dr . rupert fairchild straighten up and turn around . he 's a. portly man in he fifty , try to disguise he girth with careful tailore . 17 int . office - day 17 Fairchild bustles about the reception area , turn on light , check he message and appointment calendar . Fairchild be obsessively neat , the office reflect he . haiiond we appreciate you see ... we . I know how busy you must be . vivian be stare at a painting of a young girl play with a kitten . catch Fairchild 's eye , hammond nod toward the outer door . vivian do not notice the gesture . ( continued ) 17 continued : 17 Fairchild nod in return . stepping over to he inner office , he open the door . fairchild have a seat , vivian . I will be right in . she slowly cross the room , turn suddenly in the doorway . vivian ( to hammond ) do not forget we be go to the cemetery this afternoon . I want Robin to have she flower . hammond move over to he wife . take she by the shoulder , he kiss she lightly on the forehead . hammond I will not forget . vivian look from hammond to Fairchild , who smile . she enter the office , leave the door open . hammond shake hand with Fairchild , and for vivian 's benefit add ... ha�i`i iond ( continuing ) thank you , Doctor . hammond exit . 18 , int . corridor - day 18 hammond lean against the wall outside Fairchild 's of - fice . he glance at he watch . the door open and Fairchild step out , hold a container . hammond walk with he down the corridor towards the water fountain . h.anmond she 's at it again . fairchild ( nods ) today 's the date ? haim bond Seven year ago today Robin be kill . Fairchild look up from fill he container with water . ( continued ) 17 . 18 continued : 18 ha , e,10 nd ( continuing ; musing ) this would have be she first prom . fairchild pardon ? hakmond tonight 's the junior - senior prom at we high school . Robin would have be sixteen , she and Alex . fairchild the twin ... how be Alex ? haiiond Fine . I just thank God he be too young to really understand what happen to he sister . fairchild and you older daughter ? hanmond ( smile ) kimmy 's my princess . sometimes she will get depressed for a while ... but it never last long . Young people seem so much more ... resilient . they walk back to the office . fairchild ( look up at hammond ) and yourself ? no scar ? hationd ( after a pause ) I have learn to live they .. vivian seem worse this time . fairchild ( nods ) the persistence of vivian 's trauma . I wonder if there be not something more serious at work here ? hamond something more serious than she daughter 's death ? 19 int . office - day 19 vivian fidget in she chair . she seem very small and vulnerable in the large , somber office . 18. 20 int . car ( moving ) day 20 Alex be seat opposite he father in the front seat . Kim be in back . easy listen music plays softly on the car radio . Alex fiddle with the tuning dial , search for music more to he taste . lose in think , hammond do not see the young girl skip through the pedestrian crossing . kim ( scream ) daddy ! hammond slam on the brake , throw Alex against the dashboard . 21 ext . STREET - day 21 the car screech to a halt inch away from the terri- fied child who stand freeze in the middle of the crossing . after a moment , realize she be safe , the girl giggle nervously and skip away . 22 int . car - day 22 hammond let out a sigh and turn to he child . hammond you all right ? they both nod . Alex massage he wrist . hammond slip the car into gear and cautiously continue drive . kim you be worried about Mom ? halmond I be ... he be interrupt by DISCO music on the radio . play - ing with the tuning dial , Alex quickly try to pass over the music . kim hey , keep that ! Alex groan but do as she ask . alex disco suck ! hamzmond ( reprovingly ) Alex ! ( continued ) 19 . 22 continued : 22 alex sorry , dad ... ( turn back to kim ) disco bite it ! hammond ( dryly ) that 's much better . the car pull into the Winston High School parking lot . they pile out . 23 ext . parking lot - day 23 hammond , Kim and Alex walk through the empty lot towards the school . suddenly , we hear a loud grating SOUND come from nearby . the sudden noise startles Kim and she huddle against she father . a seedy little middle - age man with a stubble of gray beard appear from behind a row of bush , brandish a pair of electric hedge clipper . hanmmmond good morning , Mr. syke . sanford syke , the newly-hire custodian , bare he yellow tooth in a crooked grin and wave the whirring blade in salute . Kim shudder and stay close to she father as they walk on . kim he 's creepy . alex I hear he 's wacko . haiiond the man be not ... wacko . kim Kelly say he 's a pervert , spying on the girl undress in the locker room . haiiond syke may have some problem , but he 's no peep Tom . he 's be thoroughly check out . ( continued ) 20 , 23 continued : 23 they climb the broad front step of the high school . hammond glance at he watch . hamniond ( continuing ) you be early today . plenty of time to study with no one to bother you . Kim reach up . and kiss she father on the cheek . pull out a fashion magazine , she rush off , call - ing back over she shoulder . kim I '.ve get to decide on my hair style for tonight . hammond ( wryly ) wonderful . Alex ? alex I be building a atomic bomb in shop . smiling , he move inside . hammond shake he head and hurry off . 24 int . corridor - day 24 hammond move through the empty hallway , stop at a door which read : principal : raymond hammond . he be fumble for he key when he see through the frost glass a figure move around in he office . reaching for the doorknob , he very quietly open the door . 25 int . office day 25 as the door slowly swing open , hammond see the outer office cover with piece of paper ; sheet be scattered across desk and chair and over most of the floor . stepping inside , hammond spy a woman bend over , frantically pick up paper from the floor . he slam the door . at the sudden SOUND , the startle woman whirl around , still squatting , and fall on she rear . hammiond who be you ? 21 . 25 continued : 25 fluster , the attractive young woman hastily get to she foot and straighten she skirt . woman ( badly flustered ) oh God ! they tell I you would not be in till nine ! hammond ( incredulous ) what be you do , robbing I ? woman ( giggling nervously ) oh ... no , I be you work girl hammond stare , wide - eye . woman ( continuing ) you temporary secretary . what 's - she - name be sick . ( extend she hand ) hi. I be Adele . ham 0 nd ( take she hand ) what happen ? woman ( adele ) well you see , Mr. hammond , the , air conditioner fan be set for high but ... hap -mond ( interrupt ) please , miss ... Adele , adele ( interrupt ) Cooper ... Ms. Cooper . ha mond whatever ! I have some important call to make . please see that I be not disturb ... ( wade through the papers to he inner office door ) , and put all this back where it belong ! he enter he office . 26 int . ha ,1ni ond ' S office - day 26 hammond toss he briefcase onto the desk and drop into he chair . he stare at the telephone for a long moment , drum he finger on the desk . CUT to : 27 int . bedroom - day 27 a pink telephone ring . the plush bedroom be empty ; suddenly Wendy Richards rush in . now eighteen , Wendy be a raven-haire beauty with a full figure , accentua - ted by a low - cut black blouse and tight designer jeans . toss she book onto the bed , she eagerly grab the receiver . wendy ( breathlessly ) Nick ? a long pause , follow by heavy breathing . Wendy be about to respond when the inhuman voice speak in a eerie , androgynous stutter . telephone voice w- Wendy ? t-t-tonight it 's m-m-my t-turn ! Wendy 's shock quickly turn to anger . wendy screw you , Lou ! Wendy slam the receiver into its cradle . grabbing she book , she storm out of she bedroom . 28 int . front hall - day 28 Wendy hurry do - in the ornate staircase . wait at the bottom hold the girl 's sweater be maude , the Richards ' elderly housekeeper . maude you be home for dinner , Wendy ? Wendy angrily grab she sweater from the woman . wendy how the hell do I know ? she exit . l3. 29 ext . richard's house - day 29 the expansive residence sit back off the road in this upper-middle - class suburb . Wendy climb into she white mustang and start the engine . tire squealing , she roar out of the driveway with the radio blasting . 30 int . kitchen - day 30 Kelly Lynch be just finish breakfast when the telephone ring . the petite blonde eighteen - year- old stuff a last bite of toast into she mouth and pick up the receiver . kelly ( mumbling ) hullo ? a pause , then heavy breathing . Kelly 's eye grow wide as the dreadful voice speak . telephone voice k - k - Kelly ? t-tonight it 's m-m-�iz horrify , Kelly drop the phone . the doorbell ring . frightened , she gasp , hugging the wall . the doorbell ring again . very slowly she move out of the kitchen . 31 int . hall - day 31 Kelly cautiously approach the front door . peer through a crack in the drape , she see a dark figure huddle near the door . with the latch secure , she take a deep breath and open the door . kelly yes ? drew ( o.s. ) Christ , Kelly , c'mon ! we be late ! relief flood across she face . Kelly quickly unfasten the latch . kelly oh , Drew , thank God ! she throw herself into the arm of the pleasantly sur - prise drew shinnick , a muscular blond athlete . drew ( hold she tightly ) I be glad to see you , too . ( continued ) 24 . 31 continued : 31 she look up at he . kelly Drew , this horrible - voice ... drew nightmare ? kelly on the telephone . it sound so evil ! drew ( laughing ) what would you get , a heavy breather ? kelly worse than that ... drew ( interrupt ) turned you on do he ? maybe I should try that ! she break from he grasp . kelly be serious ! Drew make a grab for she but she avoid he , hurry inside . he sigh and lean against the doorjamb to wait . drew so be i. , . 32 int . car ( moving ) - day 32 Drew be drive , he - arm around Kelly . she still appear shake by the telephone call . the radio be on . his right hand slowly descend towards she breast . she swat it away . the hand move to she back , sly - ing down . she lean back , pin he arm against the seat . the car stop at a light and Drew be instantly on Kelly , bite she neck and kissing she hard on the mouth . she push he back . kelly ( angry ) I think we be late . ( continued ) 32 continued : 32 drew we will get there ... eventually . kelly really ? Drew honk the horn at another driver . drew Hell , you should be glad . a lot of girl would love to have someone steady like I . his irrepressible right hand start up she leg . kelly ( mock - sweetly ) steady ? you mean persistent , do not you , darling ? grabbing he hand , she hold it firmly in she lap , which do not bother Drew at all . 33 int . hall - day Jude cunningham be leave she house when the tele - phone ring . the chubby , brown -haire girl rush back into the hallway . a plump , middle - age woman hurry out of the kitchen , wiping she hand on a apron . mrs . cunningham eagerly watch she daughter snap up the receiver . the pause , the heavy breathing and the strange , terrifying voice . telephone voice j- Jude ? t-t-tonight it 's my -my t-t-turn ! a disappointed Jude slowly replace the receiver . Mrs. cunningham look on sympathetically . still no date ? jude ( shake she head ) get closer , though . 26 . 33 continued : 33 mrs . cunningham a boy ? jude ( smile ) a obscene call ... and not very obscene at that ! Mrs. cunningham start to say something . jude ( continuing ) sorry , Mom , gotta run . give she mother a quick peck on the cheek , Jude exit . 34 ext . cunningham's house - day the small house appear almost identical to the other dwelling in this lower- middle - class neighborhood . Jude pull a apple from she large purse , munch while she walk to the bus stop . a gaudily - paint van pull up alongside she . the win - dow slowly roll down and a young curly - haire guy wear glass stick out he head . guy hey , beautiful , need a lift ? Jude continue walk , the van move slowly alongside she . jude no thanks . guy c'mon , I will not bite . Jude chomp down hard on she apple . jude so who be you ? theguy lean further out the window . guy seymour Stone but .. he 's cut short as the van bounce up onto the sidewalk . Jude shriek . the flustered boy steer the van quickly back onto the road . ( continued ) 27 . 34 continued : 27 guy ( continuing ) but they call I slick ! Jude laugh , almost choke on she apple . jude I can see why ... how old be you , slick ? guy ( slick ) Old enough ... jude I have hear about guy like you ... run over girl on the sidewalk ... slick just some girl ... if they be good lookin ' I give them a ride . jude ( smiling ) can you stop that thing ? slick jam on the brake . the van jerk to a halt . he open the passenger door . jude ( continuing ) I be go straight to Winston High , understand ? slick ( nods ) straight to Winston . she climb inside . 35 int . van ( moving - day 35 the interior be deck out in plush red carpet with a bed in back , a stereo cassette deck , and a small fridge . music be playing . Jude look around . jude look like a cheap motel . slick cheap ?... that 's a two hundred dollar waterbed there ... Jude turn around for a look . ( continued ) 35 continued : 35 slick ( continuing ) Hand I that history book . jude you think this be the time to study ? she grab the book , give it to he . he place it on the fold - down table between they , flip it open . the inside be hollow out into a container . it contain nearly a hundred neatly roll joint . slick straight to Winston High ? 36 ext . school parking lot day the van weave through the park car , pass up several vacant spot . it finally screech to a halt at the far end of the lot near some high bluff over - look a lake . 37 int . van the air be thick with smoke . jude ( coughing ) how old be you , really ? slick you will not believe it ... ( pause for dramatic effect ) sixteen ! jude ( considering I believe it . they both break up giggle . slick you go to the prom tonight ? Jude look away , embarrassed . jude sure , of course . slick ( glumly ) not I . my date get sick . ( continued ) lv . 37 continued : 37 jude ( brightening ) yeah ? well , as a matter of fact .. ( thinking furiously ) my date be uh , not that certain ... something might be happen , he 's not sure , you know ? slick ( nodding solemnly ) yeah , right ... Jude watch he . he 's slow pick up she hint . jude so I guess we be both maybe not go ... slick yeah ... too bad ... he look at she . slick ( continuing ) hey , you think ... jude I would love to ! she kiss he on the cheek . jude ( continuing ) see you at eight , same spot ! she exit , hurry across the parking lot as he grin foolishly after she . suddenly , it dawns on he . slick ( call out ) what 's you name ? 38 int . apartment live room - day 38 a tall rugge - look man wear a police uniform stand in , the center of the room check over he revolver . he 's darryl mcbride , forty - eight year old and a veteran sergeant on the Police Force . satisfied with the condition of the gun , he jam it back into its holster , turn , call out . ( continued ) 30 . 38 continued : mcbride let 's go , son ! a handsome dark - haire boy of eighteen emerge from a back room . he 's Nick McBride . his father pull open the front door . mcbride ( continuing ) for a guy who move so fast around a disco floor , you be the slowest goddamn thing ... Nick nod sleepily , yawn . nick right , I know ... McBride step out into the hallway . Nick grab he book and follow . the telephone ring . Nick hesi- tate . shake he head he exit , shutting the door . 39 int . corridor - day the telephone keep ringing . McBride look at he son . mcbride why do not you answer i nick it 's just Wendy . she 's piss off . she want I to take she to the prom tonight . mcbride I think you two break up . the telephone continue to ring . nick Three month ago ... you can not tell Wendy anything she do not want to hear . mcbride be not you go with the hammond girl ? the principal 's daughter ? nick ( smile ) Kim . 39 continued ; 39 mcbride God , I wish I have you woman problem . they walk down the corridor as the telephone continue to ring . 40 int . school shop - day 40 Alex be alone in the large room . rock music boom out of two huge speaker suspend from the ceiling . Alex sit behind a console , flipping switch and turn dial , electronically distorting the music . a wall telephone ring .. caught up in he own manufac - ture sound , Alex ignore it . after several more ring , he reluctantly leave the console and answer the phone . alex hello ... what ?... he listen , expressionless , then hang up . he flip a switch on the console and the music stop . he sit there a moment , think . then he turn out the light and exit . 41 int . school corridor - day 41 Kim walk down the long desert corridor . she hear footstep . she turn . no one . shake she head , she continue walk . the footstep return , louder . Kim begin to hurry . she round a corner and slip against the wall , wait . silence . with a deep breath , she move on to she locker . Kim quickly twist the dial on the combination lock and yank open the door . grabbing several book she slam the door shut . a mop handle crash into the locker , miss she head by inch . the sharp report echoe down the corridor . terrify , Kim jump back , spin around . syke be stand there . syke s-s-sorry , missy . you hurt ? her heart pound wildly , Kim rush into the gym . syke pick up he mop . 32 - 42 , int . day 42 Kim run into the huge desert gym , glance frantical - ly over she shoulder . her footstep clatter across the hardwood floor . she stop , wait to recover she breath . the room glow tgith a crystalline light sparkling off the silver decoration put up for the prom . stretched across the bleacher be a banner read : " DISCO madness . " gazing around , Kim feel the excitement of anticipation . imagine herself in Nick 's arm , she begin to dance , whirling through the gym to the music in she head . suddenly , someone be clap , slowly . wendy ( o.s. ) bravo ... Kim stop abruptly . stand onstage , watch she , be Wendy . wendy ( continuing ) practice for tonight ? kim yes , as a matter of fact ... I be just ... wendy think about Nick , maybe ? kim that 's my business . wendy you wish ! Nick be King of the prom , you happen to be Queen of the prom ... that 's all there be to it , hammond ... as far as anything else ... Nick be mine ... kim you really ought to tell he that . wendy I be tell you , okay ? stay away from Nick ! kim you and Nick have not be together in age . wendy you know nothing about it ! ( continued ) _j _ J 42 continued : 42 kim really ? so who be you go with tonight ? wendy it 's not who you go with , honey ... it 's who take you home . kim I will try and remember that . wendy wait and see , bitch ... just wait and see ... 43 int . hallway - day 43 the corridor be pack with student -- flirt , gossipe , fight , a few even study . we pick up Kim and VICKI cantrell , eighteen , move down the crowd - ed hallway through the various conversation . kim : so then she threaten I . VICKI Wendy 's a jerk ! first male ( v.0 . ) she do not ! second male ( v.0 . ) swear to God ! first male ( v.0 . ) ( incredulous ) in the teacher ' lounge ? other voice dual header ... think he 's a fox ... Dust will run you ... long and slinky and tight ... swing like my mother ... how much for half a lid ? Jude join Kim and Vicki as they walk . jude guy . kim Jude . ( continued ) 34 . 43 continued : 43 VICKI miss you on the bus today . jude I do not ride it . VICKI I think you be too big to hide . kim ( chiding ) Vicki ... jude ( ignoring VICKI ) I get a ride . VICKI who with ? kim none of you business . jude ( blase ) a guy . Vicki and Kim be leave hang , wait for more . VICKI ( finally ) Jude ! Jude can hold it back no longer . jude ( explode ) I be go to the prom ! kim. and Vicki excitedly hug Jude . a big , bushy -haire youth with a stubble of beard stroll by , smirk when he see the girl embrace . lou perano , a twenty - year - old high school junior , stop and stare . lou I know there be some reason Kim would not go out with I . she like girl ! the girl separate . ( continued ) 43 continued : ( 2 ) 43 VICKI say goodbye , Lou . kim ( to Vicki and Jude ) let 's go . they head down the hallway to they locker . Lou tag along . lou you girl get bored with each other , I be always around , you know ? they pass Kelly and Drew huddle at she locker . his hand rest on she shoulder . they be talk intently . VICKI poor girl must be exhaust . look how he have to hold she up ... ( see Nick approach with wendy ) uh oh . Kim stop suddenly and turn to look . Lou bump into she , he hand purposely graze she rear . kim go play with yourself , Lou . lou I be save it for you . Kim sigh with disgust and turn around as Nick walk up talk to Wendy . nick Wendy , for Christ sake , I never ... ( sees kim ) Kim ! kim ( ignoring wendy ) hello , Nick . see Kim , Wendy quickly reach up and kiss Nick on the mouth . wendy we will talk about it later , lover . bye . Wendy smile and stroll away . Lou follow she . ( continued ) 36 . 43 . continued : ( 3 ) 43 nick ( embarrassed ) I tell she to leave I alone . kim ( nods ) worked real well . the bell ring signal first period class . Kim turn to Vicki and Jude . kim ( continuing ) we would better go . Kim brushes past Nick without a word . the two girl ex - change puzzle glance and follow she . nick ( worried ) Kim ? Kim do not turn back . walk next to she , Vicki watch she friend curiously . Kim giggle . a sneaky smile creep across she face . jude ( grinning ) that 's cruel ! kim shhh ! VICKI oh no you do not ... ( turn back and call to Nick ) she 's smile , Nick . Big grin spread all over she face . Kim punch she friend but the damage be do . Nick grin broadly . blush , Kim turn back , flash he a quick smile and disappear around a corner to the hoot of Vicki and Jude . 44 int . corridor - day 44 a tall dark figure walk quickly down a concrete cor - ridor . from somewhere nearby , loud voice , splashing water , can be heard . 45 int . pool gallery 45 a shadow move behind the opaque glass plate of a heavy door . ( continued ) 45 continued : 45 the door edge open . Raymond hammond appear . prop - ping the door open with he shoulder , he start down across the narrow gallery to the pool below . 46 int . pool 46 a class of senior male student occupy the water , among they Nick McBride and Drew shinnick . with no phy . ed. instructor in sight , it 's a general goof - off period . Nick walk out onto the diving board . Drew be tread water below he . 47 angle on hammond 47 as he watch Nick intently from the gallery door . 48 int . pool 48 Nick launch himself out over Drew in a apparent belly - flop . at the last moment , he tuck in and hit the water in a flip over cannonball . he surface to a chorus of whistle and cheer . it be a close shave . drew you wanta take care of yourself , man ... Kim 's expect a lot from you tonight ... Nick laugh . 49 int . gallery door 49 the door be ease shut . hammond be nowhere to be see . 50 int . gym - day 50 a side door open . hammond step in , gaze around . the gym be empty , silent . he walk to the stage step , climb up , push through the thick curtain . 51 int . gym - backstage 51 it 's a dark cluttere area break up by tall partition , discard flat from old student production , bank of light . hammond cross to a rear door , try it . it 's lock . he turn back . as he do so there 's a sudden whirring SOUND . a row of spotlight flash on right in front of he , almost blind he . he try to shield he eye . ( continued ) 38 . 51 continued : 51 he spin around . another bank of light flare at he . he stagger downstage . the curtain begin to swing open . startle , he jump away from they . his foot land on a package of photo-flood bulb .. there 's a loud pop . then a voice . alex ( o.s. ) who 's there ? hammond , shake , look across to the far wing . there 's a elevate platform where the electronic control panel be locate . Alex peer down . hammond Alex ?... what the hell be you do ? alex I be testing the board ... I do not hear you ... nobody 's suppose to be here yet ... hammond no , well ' ... he look around . he 's still try to get himself together . hammond ( continuing ) I be .. I be think we might have a fire hazzard here , all this extra light . he look awkward , as if he would be catch at something . h.a1 ll4ond ( continuing ) all right ... he turn , climb down the stage step and start back across the gym . at the other end of the floor a door open , syke look in . hammond see he . ha , mond ( continuing ) ah ... Mr. syke ... syke wait as hammond hurry across to he . the two man go out together . Alex walk out onto the stage , watch they go . 39 . 52 int . classroom ( lab ) - day 52 first period biology class feature monty weller , a tall , thin englishman in he late thirty . this stuf - fy , dour science teacher drone on about the joy of ex - ploring frog vertebrae while most of he class nap , daydream or pass note . seat in the back near the door , Jude be furtively open a handwritten note . she quickly read it . stifl a giggle , she look up to see Kim and Vicki across the aisle , eagerly await she reply . Jude tear out part of a page from she biology book and scrawl she answer . fold the note , she tap the boy next to she and motion for he to pass it on . Vicki grab the note from the boy . quickly scan it , she nod , impressed . Kim read it and mouth the word " wow " to Jude who blushes happily . glancing out into the hallway , Jude notice slick walk - ing past . see she in class , he stop and wave . Jude frantically try to motion he away . they back to the door , Kim and Vicki watch with curiosity as Jude gesture in they direction . see she friend watch she , Jude smile and try to ignore slick . not to be deny , he exaggeratedly mime weller , nose to he textbook , lecture on , oblivious to he class . Jude laugh in spite of herself . Kim and Vicki turn around . glancing out the door , the two girl stare in disbelief at the small weird curly - haire boy do a perfect im - itation of the eminently boring weller . they surprise turn to hilarity as they realize this boy must be Jude 's prom date . Kim hold up the note , raise she eyebrow as she gesture toward slick . Jude nod . Kim and Vicki can barely contain they laughter . they do not notice Mr. weller eyeing they suspiciously as he rattles on about frog intestine . slick mouth the word , " see you at lunch .. , in the van . " Jude nod and smile . with a final bow and a wave , he exit . Kim suddenly look up to find a red-face Mr. weller loom above she . weller miss hammond ! Wide -ey , Kim desperately try to crush the note in she hand . ( continued ) 52 continued : 52 weller ( continuing ) since you obviously find you own word more interesting than that of farnsworth on the anatomy of a frog ... ( pause to share he wit with the class ) , read the note ! kim ( barely a whisper ) read the note ? weller ( sternly ) now , miss hammond ! Kim swallow and steal a quick glance at she friend . Vicki wince . Jude try to disappear beneath she , seat . kim yessir ... ( clear she throat ) well , it 's mostly talk about ... weller ( interrupt ) Word for word , please . exactly as it be write . kim ( nods ) right .. ( cough and finally begin , slowly , in a stilted manner ) what a hunk ! titter from the class . kim ( continuing ) really cute ... tall ... a great body the class roar with laughter . kim ( continuing ) kinda the Latin lover type . ( more ) ( continued ) 41 - 52 continued ( 2 ) 52 kim ( con ' ' D ) ( read ahead , kim giggle ) and he name be slick ! the classroom erupt into laughter as the bell ring , signal the end of the class . still laugh , stu - dent gather they book and shuffle out , several giv - ing Kim sympathetic glance as they pass . weller after school , miss hammond . one hour detention study hall ... you and you friend ! Kim look from Jude to Vicki . kim but , Mr. weller , tonight 's the prom ... weller ( disdainfully ) tell that to you ... ( sniff ) hunk ! he spin on he heel and march back to he desk . the three girl hurriedly exit . 53 int . room ( school ) - day 53 a hand be flipping through the page of the Winston High yearbook , the back page where the individual photograph of graduate student be place . the hand stop , move across a open page to a smile head shot of Nick McBride . the hand rip the picture from the page , set it down on a plain wooden desk alongside three other picture - with similar tear edge . the other picture be of Jude cunningham , Kelly Lynch , and Wendy Richards . the yearbook be slam shut . 54 int . cafeteria - day 54 Kim , Jude and Vicki enter the crowded room . music from several portable radios can be heard above the clamor as the girl move into the long lunch line . Kim spot Alex seat nearby and wave to he . ( continued ) 4l. 54 continued : 54 VICKI ( nudging jude ) here come the incredible hunk himself . Jude look up to see slick slowly make he way down the line towards they . he be carry a tray pile high with snack food : potato chip , cookie , candy . Jude smile as he pass she , grin . kim look like a party . jude yeah -- I do not think he 's gonna be too good for my diet ... slick move down the lunch line . suddenly he be bump from behind , send the tray and the snack fly across the room . look around , slick jump back , startle by a tall figure wear a dark ski mask . slick ( angrily ) hey , clown , what the ... Three of Lou 's gang quickly step up behind the mask figure . lou say what ? slick ( shrug ) forget it , Lou . lou ( smirk ) that 's what I figure . slick bend over to pick up he lunch . slick ( softly ) asshole ! Lou and he friend shove ahead in the line until he be stand behind Kim . Lou nuzzle Kim 's neck . lou ( muffle by the mask ) like I better now ? ( continued ) 43. 54 continued : ( 2 ) 54 startle , Kim spin around . her fear quickly become anger . kim it 's a improvement ! she turn she back to he . lou you like it so much ... ( spin she around to face he ) have a taste . he kiss she hard on the mouth . swing at he , Kim break away . laugh , Lou grab she wrist and rough - ly pull she to he . Alex instantly jump to he foot . lou ( continuing ; hold Kim close ) be nice ... Alex leap over the metal railing separate the line from the table . crash into Lou , he drive the larger boy back into the salad counter , send food and utensil fly . as they tumble off the counter onto the floor , Alex get in several furious punch before Lou 's gang can pry he loose . two of the gang pin Alex against the counter . wiping blood from he mouth , Lou grin maliciously and slug Alex in the stomach . the boy groan and double over . Lou grab Alex 's hair and slam he head back against the glass shield of the counter . as Lou rear back to throw another punch , he two friend suddenly release Alex and scatter . the boy crumple to the floor . Lou turn around to see two male teachers rapidly approach . the larger teacher grab Lou . teacher this time you be out , perano . Lou point to Alex who be be help up from the floor . lou he start i teacher I will bet ... Alex ? ( continued ) 54 continued : ( 3 ) 54 Alex nod , lean on the other teacher for support . kim that 's not true ! Alex be try to help I . the teacher look from Kim to Lou to Alex . teacher you would better come along to you father 's office . lou ( sneer ) wonder who will get off with just a warning ? several student laugh . the two teacher march Lou and Alex through the silent cafeteria . Lou swagger bask - ing in the attention . Alex walk with he head bow . they exit . 55 int . hallway - day 55 Lou and Alex accompany the teacher down the corridor toward the principal 's office . Nick and Wendy approach from the opposite direction , talk heatedly . nick I do not care who . just somebody else ! wendy ( bitter ) you never have it so good as with I . nick I have get it now ... better ! wendy ( angrily ) you do not even know ... ( spot Lou and call out ) Lou ! the surprised Lou try to stop but the teacher hurry he and Alex past the couple . Wendy watch Nick . lou ( turn back to Wendy ) I get this appointment . ( continued ) 45 . 55 continued : 55 wendy i'll wai Wendy turn to see Nick 's reaction but he be already walk towards the cafeteria . the irate girl glare after he . 56 int . office - day 56 hammond be talk on the telephone . he appear agi- tate , run he finger through he hair and tug at the knot in he loosen tie . hammond ( exasperated ) no , vi. I do not forget . I tell you we would go to the cemetery ... the door open and Adele Cooper 's head peer around the corner . see hammond talk on the phone , she nod toward the outer office . hammond gesture for she to wait . she persist until he angrily take the receiver from he ear and cover the mouthpiece . hammond ( continuing ) what be it ? adele ( whispering ) there be some gentleman here to see you , Mr. hammond . hammond can not it wait ? adele I do not ask ... but one look a little like that child in the picture on you desk . hammond automatically glance at the photograph of Robin frame alongside one of the rest of he family . hammond ( into the receiver ) I have get to go now , vi ... we will be there within the hour ... there 's a loud click on the other end of the line . haiiond ( continuing ) damn ! ( continued ) 46 . 56 continued : 56 frustrate , hammond slam the receiver into its cradle . hammond ( continuing ) all right , send they in . the two male teacher enter first , follow by Lou and finally Alex . hammond give he son a sharp look , then turn to glare at Lou . hammond ( continuing ; wearily ) you again ? teacher ( nods ) brawl in the cafeteria ... both of they . he place Lou 's ski mask on hammond 's desk . the prin- cipal glance at it . hammond ( finally ) thank you . I will handle it . the teacher exit . hammond ( continuing ) explanation ? he look at Alex . the boy stare at the floor and say nothing . hammond hold the mask up to Lou . haiiond ( continuing ) Halloween ? lou I be just foolin ' around with this girl ... alex ( interrupt ) Kim ! hammond frown . lou when this -- you son tackle I and ... hammond ( interrupt ) be this true , Alex ? ( continued ) 47 . 56 continued : ( 2 ) 56 lou ( snide ) I know it ! hammond whirl on he . hammond you know what ? lou it just figure . haiv mond ( he voice rise with anger ) that I will play favorite ? that I will go easy on Alex because he 's my son ? ( pause , wait for Lou to back down and look away ) damn right I will ! you be a disgrace to this school and this community ... ( recover somewhat ) you be suspend -- indefinitely ! now get out ! lou ( sneer ) what about you son ? hammond ( icily ) if you be not off school grounds in five minute , I will have you arrest for trespasp . Lou stalk to the door . open it , he turn to Alex . lou see you around . he exit , slamm the door . hammond ( without looking at alex ) have the nurse take a look at you , then get back here . Alex exit . hammond angrily grab Lou 's ski mask and hurl it at the trash can_ 48 . 57 ext . front lawn - day 57 Kim and Vicki be sprawle on the grass eat lunch . Lou storm down the front step . pause at the bottom , he turn , stroll over to Kim . lou watch for I , little girl . you know I be just a kiss away . Lou laugh and walk off toward the parking lot . Kim shudder . Wendy 's white mustang slide up to the curb . the pass - enger window roll down and Lou lean over to look in - side . after a moment he climb in and the mustang peel out of the lot , leave twin black tread mark in its wake . kim what a pair ! VICKI make for each other ! Kim open a carton of yogurt . kim you wear that green gown tonight ? VICKI you kid ? that be last year . this year ... red silk ! ( smile and run she hand from she neck to she waist ) cut to here ! ... nick ( o.s. ) cut to where ? Kim and Vicki turn to see Nick amble across the lawn toward they . VICKI ( mock - seductively ) anywhere you like ... kim ( smiling ) on the prowl ! 58 ext . STREET - day Wendy 's white mustang streak through traffic , dodging in and out of lane , run yellow , burn around corner . 59 int . mustang 59 Lou sit pin to the passenger seat , eye wide , stare straight ahead as if he can not quite believe this trip . his bravado seem to have leave he . he glance over at Wendy in the driver 's seat . she 's puffing on a cigarette , handle the wheel almost casually . she 's in control , 60 ext . drive -in 60 the mustang suddenly slow down and make a hard leave turn , narrowly beat a horn-honk oncoming van . the big white car bounce up over the curb and sweep into the end slot at a sprawling fast - food drive - in . 61 int . mustang 61 Lou 's still pin to he seat . Wendy shut off the engine , look at he . he look at she , let out a long deep breath . a cute little car - hop in a cut - off costume and roller skate glide over . she lean into Wendy 's window , talk through a wad of gum . car -hop ready to order ? wendy ( to lou ) what do you want ? Lou 's shifting around in he seat , pull himself together . lou I be uh ... a little short on cash .. wendy you can owe I . lou yeah ? okay then , a couple of burger , a large fries ... what kind of beer you get ? car - hop c'mon man , this be a drive - in not a bar . lou all right , all right ... do not get nervous ... gimme a coke ... ( more ) ( continued ) 50 . 61 continued : lou ( cont 'd ) ( nod to Wendy ) she will have the same . wendy a small diet cola . wendy that ' sit . the car-hop shrug , wheel away . Wendy turn to Lou . wendy I will buy you one for Christmas , all right ? now , how do I know you be serious ? lou whatta you mean , serious ? I hate that school , hammond and he asshole family ... wendy I do not want anyone hurt ... not badly . lou you get it ... anything you little heart desire ... wendy Lou , should not we go over this . Lou put he finger to she mouth , silencing she . lou I will take care of it , scout 's honor ... do not worry about it ... ( continued ) di. 61 continued : ( 2 ) 61 he caress she cheek and lip , then kiss she . at first reluctant , Wendy quickly take over . when they finally break from they passionate clinch , he be gasp . lou ( continuing ) Jesus Christ ! wendy do not worry about it .. she unbutton he shirt and begin to kiss and lick he chest . slowly she work she way down . Lou begin to writhe . Wendy 's head disappear from view . Lou 's eye snap open in surprise . Wendy groan . wend y damn stick shift ! Lou start to protest , then dissolves . 62 , . int . mustang - day 62 the car-hop wheel up to the mustang carry a tray load with food . she lean over and peer inside . Wendy be behind the wheel , perfectly compose . a mind - blow Lou be hurriedly do up he belt , tucking in he shirt . he glance at the car-hop then turn away to finish the job . car -hop enjoy you meal . 63 ext . lake - side bluff - day 63 a wide view ; high weather - wear bluff tumble down to a strip of beach and the calm blue water of the lake . above the bluff there 's a narrow shade park and then the building and parking lot of Winston High . 63 continued : Nick and Kim walk slowly along the rim of the bluff . Nick have he arm around she . she lean into he . kim I be excited , it 's just ... in some way it 's such a awful day ... it 's Robin 's day ... 64 ext . bluff closer angle 64 kim my mother 's all upset , as usual . my father too ... he do not show it so much ... it 's hard to get over something like that . Robin would have be a junior , like Alex . this would have be she first prom ... I guess that 's ' why it seem so much worse this year ... she stop , turn and face Nick . it 's hard for he to meet she gaze . kim ( continuing ) the Queen of the prom be determine not to let it get to she ... she must maintain she ... whatever , at all cost .. she try a weak smile . Nick stare at she , then sud - denly take she , pull she to he , embrace she . she 's catch by surprise , but she respond . she smile . kin I love you too . di. 64 continued : 64 nick I be ... I want you to know that ... Robin 's death ... I remember it and I have always be ... so sorry about it ... Kim look puzzle . nick ( continuing ) I mean ... I know what you be feel ... I have ... ( look at she ) : listen I ... across the school parking lot a car horn blare , inter - rupt Nick . Kim react . kim that 's my father ... I have get to go , okay ? nick yeah ... I will see you later . she hesitates a moment , then kiss he quickly , turn and go . Nick look shake up . he stare after she as she hurry away . behind Nick , in the other corner of the parking lot , a metal door slide open , loud raunchy rock and roll sud - denly infest the air . Nick turn , see Jude climb out of slick 's van . Jude look about as stone as she can get . she spot Nick , wave . jude hey , Nick ! Nick turn and head the other way . 65 ext . cemetery - hammond plot - day 65 there 's a small marble headstone inset with the carve face of a angel and the inscription " Robin Anne hammond 1964 - 1973 too soon taken from we . " kneel beside the grave be vivian hammond . she 's be - range a large bouquet of mix flower , fussing with they , try for some kind of impossible perfection . hp`�mond ( 0 . S. we have to go , vi. ( continued ) j4. 65 continued : 65 she do not react , she keep play with the flower . hammond move in behind she , put he hand on she shoulder . she look at he . hammond ( continuing ) we have to get back . she stand , with she husband 's support . Kim and Alex be stand quietly at the foot of the grave . vivian look at they both . her eye hold a terrible rage , a terrible sadness . hammond carefully guide she away . Kim have a flower of she own , a white rise , which she drop on she sister 's grave . she turn , meet Alex 's stare , move off after she parent . Alex remain a mo - ment longer , then . he , too , go . 66 ext . tennis court day during the afternoon phy . ed. class , the girl play tennis : Kim with Kelly and Vicki with Jude . syke linger nearby , watch the girl . they instructor be miss henri -anne benton , a stocky woman in she late thirty with tease , lacquer hair . a product of genteel Southern womanhood , henri- Anne stalk the court in she baggy bermuda short , constantly blow a silver whistle hang from she neck . a very stone , giggle Jude run Vicki rag , hit ball over the fence , straight up in the air and occa - sionally even back over she head . each time a ball fly over the fence , Vicki run to retrieve it to the delight of syke . at one point , Vicki bend over to pick up a ball under syke ' appreciative gaze . the shrill whistle inter - rupt she as henri- Anne rush over . henri -anne ( southern accent ) no , no , miss cantrell ! never bend from the waist ... squat ! ( demonstrate ) always squat to retrieve . otherwise , you look like the broad side of a barn ! ( glare at syke ) be not that so , Mr. syke ? embarrass , the custodian scuttle away to the girl ' laughter . 66 continued : 66 henri -anne ( continuing ) that 's enough for today , lady . we do not want you all wear out for the ball tonight . Kim , Jude and Kelly gather 'around with the other girl . jude ( giggling ) Ball ? kim shhh ! Kelly take Jude aside as Kim and Vicki approach henri Anne . kim ( continuing ; whisper ) you sure she like weller ? VICKI positive . I hear she say she 's have the hot for he since they meet ! kim she say that ? VICKI well , not exactly . henri -anne oh , Kim . you will be in the gym promptly at three - fifteen for rehearsal ? kim well , actually no , miss benton . can not make it ... you know Mr. weller ? henri -anne we be ... acquainted . kim he .. umm .. VICKI ( blurt out ) he 's get a crush on Kim ! ( continued ) 56 . 660 continued : ( 2 ) 66 Kim stare in amazement al Vicki ; henri -- anne ( stare at Kim ) he have what ? Kim , wide -ey , can only look at Vicki . VICKI he keep make Kim stay after school in detention study hall for no reason ... just so he can be near she . henri -anne that 's horrible ! Kim gulp . henri -anne ( continuing ) you mean to tell I that awful man a girl half he age ! ( a very slight smile ) so you have detention this afternoon ? Kim nod meekly . lose in think , henri- Anne fondle a tennis ball , a curious smile play across she face . henri -anne ( continuing ; finally ) leave everything to I ... she hurry away . Kim turn on Vicki and start to protest . VICKI ( interrupting ) it work , do not it ? 67 ext . school ground - day 67 Kim and Vicki , and behind they , Jude and Kelly be walk back to the gym and the dress room from the tennis court . Vicki 's in high spirit and Jude still can not stop giggle . Vicki spot old syke head out toward the play field . she call out to he . ( continued ) 57 - 67 contiprjed 67 VICKI Mr. syke ! kim Vicki , do not ... VICKI oh , Mr. syke ... syke stop , turn around . VICKI ( continuing ) this be just for you ... she turn , bend over , quickly yank down she short and moon he . there 's a squeal of laughter from Jude and from Kelly . Vicki whip she short back up and run to the gym door , the other girl in pursuit . Kim look back at syke . he 's just stand in the field , not move . there 's a look in he eye . 68 int . girl ' locker room - day 68 Kim and Kelly be undress . Three girl pass they headin g for the shower . kelly I be not like the other , Kim . Drew need somebody like Vicki who will give he what he want . kim ( laugh ) Vicki 's sex life be more talk than action . besides , Drew want you . kelly I be afraid if I do not make it with he he will find somebody who will . kim ( shrug ) let he . kelly I would die if he do ... the girl wrap towel around themselves and walk to - ward the shower . sa . 69 intt . shier area - day 69 a girl ( melanie ) be leave as Kim and ' Kelly enter . Wendy be stand in front of a mirror drying she hair . Kim ignore she and Wendy return the compliment . melanie see you outside , Wendy . wendy just be a minute ... Kim and Kelly hang up they towel and step into the shower . kelly what about you and Nick ? kim what about we ? Wendy finish brush she hair , shoot Kim .a dark look , exit . kelly what . happen when he ask you ? Kim smile . kim maybe I ask he ... Kelly look at she friend . 70 int . locker room - day 70 Wendy finish buttone she blouse . she 's pull on she jeans when she hear a scuffling SOUND . wendy I will be right there , Melanie . no answer . curious , Wendy move around the locker , investigate . the room appear empty . there 's a sudden loud creaking . Wendy whirl around . a locker door be swinging slowly open . wendy ( continuing ) Melanie ?... still no answer . shake she head , Wendy return to she locker . ( continued ) 70 continued : 70 she 's about to shut it when she see something , a pic - ture , tape to the side of the door . it 's she photo , tear from the School yearbook . she rip it from the door , look at it . wendy ( continuing ) what 's this for , Melanie ? her voice echoe through the empty room . she gaze around , fear creep into she face . she quickly finish dress , grab she book , turn to leave . suddenly she scream . 71 int . shower area 71 Wendy 's scream be all but drowned out by the shower . rinsing off , Kim and Kelly hear nothing . kelly I think I will let Drew do it . the door to the locker roor slowly open behind they . kim let he ? she look at Kelly . neither girl hear the squish of rubber sole move across the wet tile floor . suddenly there be loud voice . Melanie come through from the locker room , laugh . behind she , Wendy 's angry word be audible . wendy ( o.s. ) if you ever try anything like that again , you cow ! Melanie think it 's hilarious . melanie ( to Kim and Kelly ) you should have see she jump ... nadia comenici never do better ... Wendy storm in . she 's get the photo in she hand . she wave it at Kim and Kelly . wendy what 's this suppose to mean ? ( continued ) vv. 71 continued - 71 kim ( sarcastic ) I know it 's not much of a picture , Wendy , but you do not have to go that far ... Wendy be furious . wendy I do not ! she turn , glare at Melanie . melanie do not look at I ... wendy you be all ... child ... she storm out . Melanie look at Kim and Kelly , shrug , follow Wendy . a door slam in the locker room . Kim and Kelly look at each other , laugh , turn they face back to the steaming water . neither one hear the SOUND across the room , a harsh rhythmic heavy breathing . Kelly bend she head away from the water , clear she eye . , she squint out through the steam at the big wall mirror across the room . she see something . she step back into Kim , she eye wide with fear . kim watch it ... Kelly cover she breast with she arm , press against the wall , terrify . suddenly there 's a explosion of SOUND . Kim scream , jump back , stare . there 's a jag hole in the cen- ter of the mirror , huge crack radiating from it , spider across its surface . for a moment no one move . splinter of glass trickle down to the floor . there 's no other sound . Kim grab for she towel , step out of the shower , look . there 's no one . she head for the locker room door . Kelly run after she . kelly kim 1 61 . 72 int . locker room 72 Kim rush into the room , Kelly right behind she . there 's no one . Kelly be quivering . she clutches at Kim 's arm . Kim look at she . kim what do you see ? Kelly just shake she head . kelly just ... just ... a shadow or. , . Kim head for the exit door across the room . Kelly stay with she . 73 ext . school 73 Kim open the outside door , peer down the walkway to the tennis court , play field . there 's no sign of anyone . she close the door . 74 int . locker room 74 Kim turn back.to Kelly who 's start to cry . kelly someone be there ! someone be ... in there ... Kim be take charge . she move cautiously back to the shower room door , open it , look in . she gasp . kelly ( continuing ) what ? what !s wrong ? Kelly 's on the edge of hysteria . she run over to Kim . they both look . 75 kim' and kelly Pov 75 what the girl see be the mirror . something have change . a long wedge of glass have be lift out of it . 76 back to scene 76 Kim shut the door , press against it , stare at Kelly . 77 int . hallway - day 77 Kim walk quickly down a long school corridor and turn into she father 's office . ul . 78 int . office - day 78 Kim enter . Adele Cooper be seat behind the secre - tary 's desk thumbing through a fashion magazine . kim I would like to see my for ather . adele another hammond ? kim ( agitate ) be he here ? adele no , he 's not . he say he would be back but ... she trail off . Kim be obviously upset . adele ( continuing ) what 's urrong ? kim oh ... there be ... somebody break a mirror in the shower room ... there be somebody in there ... adele a mirror ? Seven year bad luck ... she try to smile . Kim just look at she . 79 int . hallway - day 79 Kim turn a corner , head for class , and almost run into syke , clean the floor . syke turn . for a moment they eye lock . then Kim hurry away , almost run . syke stare after she . 80 int . hallway ( weller' classroom ) - day 80 Kim come down the hallway and stop at the door . there 's a piece of paper with a hastily scrawle me - sage tape there . it head : " detention postpone until Monday -- emergency ! weller . " VICKI ( o.s. ) do it work ? Kim be startle , turn . Vicki and Jude and approach - ing . Vicki hurry to the door , read the note . ( continued ) be . 80 continued : 80 VICKI ( continuing ) it work ! she let out a whoop , embrace Jude . Kim stand back , somehow less impressed . 81 int . gym - day 81 several student be put last - minute touch on the decor as Kim come in . huge speaker be be hoist on pulley to hang from the ceiling . a vast , raise platform cover much of the gym floor , its plexiglass surface design to be illuminate from below . perched on a ladder , weller be hang shimmer silver strip while henri-anne benton supervise from the disco floor . henri -anne careful , monty ... a little higher ... ( see Kim and smile ) I be glad you could make it ! kim something come up ... ( look at weller ) ' afternoon , Mr. weller . weller ( embarrassed ) oh , hello , miss ... hammond . I be just ... uh ... henri- Anne mercifully interrupt he . henri -anne let 's get start . ( call out ) Nick ! Nick poke he head out of the sound booth set on a platform near the stage . henri -anne ( continuing ) onstage ! tell Alex we be ready . Alex emerge from the booth . davy matlock , a pudgy , fifteen - year- old sophomore and Alex 's technical assis - tant , lean out behind he . ( continued ) 81 81 continued : alex all set , miss benton . just have davy roll the tape . henri - anne wonderful . you can be Mr. hanunond for the rehearsal ! Alex groan . Kim smile as Nick join she . she take he hand , clutches it . they start to walk away , talk - ing quietly . Nick put he arm around she . henri -anne ( continuing ) Nick ! Kim ! come with I . henri- Anne bound up onto the stage . Kim and Nick fol - low she behind the curtain . 82 int . gym ( backstage ) - day 82 henri- Anne take Kim to one of the wing of the dark cluttere area . henri - anne you will wait here ... ( look around for nick ) Nick ? Nick silently creep from behind a partition and move up directly behind henri-anne . he mime choke she , a craze expression on he face . Kim have to laugh at he clowning . henri -anne continuing ; whirl around ) Nick ! nick ( grins ) scary place ! henri -anne you have to stand up here tonight , not I . if you do not know what to do , you will look the fool ! Nick glance at Kim . she shrug . ( continued ) 65 - 82 continued : 82 henri -anne ( continuin G ) come along . Nick follow she to the opposite wing . Kim can not see they from she position . henri -anne ( continue ; call out ) can you hear I , Kim ? kim call ) yes . Kim lean against a wall , gaze around at she gloomy surroundings . she do not hear the whispered conver - sation come from behind a nearby partition . she do not see Wendy and Lou lurking there , watch she . henri -anne ( shout ) all right , Alex , start the tape . a trumpet fanfare blare out of the speaker . henri -anne ( continuing ; shout ) listen for you cue , king and queen ... professional music be heard . henri -anne ( continuing ; shout ) start walk -- slowly ! Kim begin to cross the stage . she smile when she spot Nick . the curtain slowly open . voice ( tape ) the King and Queen of the George Winston High School junion-senior prom for 1980 -- Nick McBride and Kim hammond ! they meet backstage center and turn towards the parting curtain . henri- Anne stand at the front of the stage , she hand rest on Alex 's shoulder , as Kim and Nick proceed downstage . ( continued ) 66 . 82 continued : ( 2 ) 82 voice ( tape ) ( continuing ) this two senior be select by they fellow student as the most popular boy and girl in the class .. nick ( to Kim as they walk ) bullshit ! Kim smile . peek out from behind the curtain , Wendy turn to Lou . wendy ( bitterly ) bullshit ! lou ( grins ) shhh ! voice ( tape ) Nick be a three - sport letterman and president of the Key Club . he plan to attend State University in the fall . kim because he can not get in anywhere else ! voice ( tape ) Kim be the head cheerleader and rank number one on the girl ' tennis team . she hope to become a teacher . nick if she ever graduate ... Nick and Kim stop downstage center . henri -anne ( shove alex forward ) now , Alex . self -consciously , Alex stumble up to Kim and pretend to give she a bouquet of rose . ( continued ) 67 . 82 continued : ( 3 ) 82 henri - anne ( continuing ) that 's it , Alex . now kiss she ! alex my sister ? henri -anne Alex ! Alex awkwardly kiss Kim on the cheek . henri -anne ( continuing ) now the king . alex kiss the king ? nick on the mouth ! Kim laugh at Alex 's discomfort . henri -anne shake hand ... they shake . henri - anne ( continuing ) Alex , step back ... Alex move next to she . henri - anne ( continuing ) Kim and Nick , start down the .. ( look at the stage apron ) where be the step ? silence . henri -anne ( continue ; to the entire gym ) you expect we king and queen to jump to the floor ? a student in the back timidly respond . ( continued ) 68 . 82 continued : ( 4 ) 82 student I will find they , miss benton . henri- Anne turn back to Nick and Kim . henri -anne you will descend the step ... Nick and Kim climb down from the stage . henri -anne ( continuing ) Nick , give Kim you arm ... ( as he do ) move to the center of the floor . Nick and Kim self - consciously cross the room , aware that everyone be watch they . henri -anne ( continuing ) wait for the spotlight and you music cue , then dance ... ( sigh ) it will be beautiful ! 83 tnt . hallway - day 83 Kim stride down the empty corridor , flushed and ex - cite from the rehearsal . arrive at she father 's of - fice , she fling open the door . 84 int . office - day 84 Kim enter and survey the apparently empty office . hear grunt and groans from behind the desk , Kim step around and see Adele Cooper stretch across the floor . the secretary be practice she " rainbow " exer - cise , arching she body towards the ceiling while keep - ing she hand and foot on the floor . kim hello ? Adele twist she head around to look at Kim . her " rainbow " collapse . spin around , Adele sit cross-legged on the floor and smile at Kim . adele you okay ? kim yeah ... I have calm down a bit ... ( continued ) 69 . 84 continued : 84 Adele launch into another contortion . adele this work for I . kim have my father be back ? adele nope . have not see he all afternoon . kim and he do not leave a message ? adele not a word . kim ( puzzle ) strange ... he usually give I a ride home . adele let I finish and I will give you a lift . kim thanks , but I can walk . Kim start to leave , turn around at the door . kim ( continuing ) guess I will not be see you again . stand on she head , Adele smile . adele guess again . Three different student ask I to the prom tonight ... I think you have to be enrol ! kim you be go ? adele ( nods ) not with any of they . know any good -look father ? continued ) 70 . 84 continued : ( 2 ) 84 kim ( smile ) - I will keep my eye open . see you later . she exit as Adele slowly lower she leg to the floor . 85 int . hallway - day 85 Jude approach she locker , stop . there 's a picture tape to she locker door , she picture , rip out of the Winston High yearbook . she look at it , reach up and pull it off the door . she wince , look at she finger . it 's bleed . she look at the picture . there 's a tiny sliver of glass embed in it . Jude hear someone coming . she turn to see Kelly com - ing toward she . kelly Jude ... look ... she have something in she hand . it 's a photo of she , a , yearbook photo with the same tear edge . Jude hold up she version . kelly ( continuing ) why ? 86 int . shower room - day 86 the door creak open . a light be flicked on . syke stand there , a broom and a big waste - pan in he hand . he stare at the break mirror with its center hole and its miss wedge . he shuffles across the floor and start to clean up the debris . 87 ext . hammond ' house - dusk 87 the split-level suburban residence sit on a tree-line street in a older , middle - class neighborhood . walk up the driveway , Kim hear a loud thud from behind the house . as the SOUND continue , Kim walk around back to investigate . 88 ext . hamond ' backyard - dusk 88 stepping around the corner of the house , Kim see she father furiously chopping a old stump in the flower garden . ( continued ) / l. 88 continued : 88 hammond 's axe slashes into the rotten wood , send splinter fly in all direction . Kim watch he work . he appear angry and upset . kim hi. oblivious , hammond bury the axe in the stump . Kim move around to face he . when he see she , hammond jump , startle . hammond I do not hear you . kim ( smile ) sorry . wiping the sweat from he forehead , hammond struggle to catch he breath . hammond I be get too old for this . kim why be you do it now ? hammond you mother 's be hound I to get it do ... you get nay message ? kim ( puzzle ) no . hammond ( angrily ) I tell that woman to tell you I have a meeting and could not drive you home . kim you secretary ? hammond ( nods ) idiot ! kim I like she . hammond angrily jerk the axe from the stump . ( continued ) 72 . 88 continued : 2 ) 88 kim ( continuing ) you okay ? ha` onnd ( shrug ) this thing with you mother ... have you see she yet ? kim no. how be she ? hammond ( sigh ) one minute she 's depressed , the next she 's bubbling over like a child ... she want to go with I tonight . kim great ! hammond I be not so sure . kim I think get dress up and go out might be good for she . ha " ,24ond she 's have a bad day , Kim . I be not sure she can handle it ... see if you can talk to she . hammond pick up the axe and send it crash into the stump . 89 int . kitchen - dusk 89 Kim enter from the backyard . look around , she no - tice that nothing be be prepare for dinner . curious , she move toward the live room . 90 int . live room - dusk 90 vivian be arrange fresh rose on the mantel shrine when Kim enter . the girl stand for several second watch she mother before she speak . kim hi , Mom . ( continued ) /,5 90 continued : 90 vivian ( without turning around ) hello , Robin . do not eat anything . dinner 's almost ready . disturb , Kim frown and slowly cross the room to she mother . kim nothing 's cooking , Mom . you must have forget . slip out of she reverie , vivian turn around to face Kim . vivian oh .. I do not know what I be think . kim ( smile ) it do not matter . vivian ( excitedly ) have you see the new satin pantsuit I be wear ? vivian smile at she daughter . Kim study she for a long moment , then lean over and kiss she on the cheek . kim you will be beautiful . 91 int . hallway - hammond ' house - dusk as Kim walk down the hallway , she notice that Alex 's door be close . she enter she bedroom . 92 int . bedroom - dusk 92 Kim cross the room and switch on she radio . rock music be heard as she toss she book onto the desk and move to the closet . she carefully pull out she prom dress , a mid-length , off - the-shoulder gown in a white , cling material . holding it up against she body , she inspect the gown in the full - length mirror on the closet door . watch she reflection , Kim twirl around , hugging the gowm to she body . satis - fied , she gently lay the go %.m on she bed . ( continued ) 92 continued : 92 Kim begin to undress . outside , the twilight shadow deepen . through the vindom , a slight movement be sean among the tree ; suddenly , a dark figure become visible , ap - proaching . the window . Kim do not notice the figure as she finish undress . she wrap herself in a robe and sit at she dress table . put she hair up , she do not see the shadowy figure peer inside . when Kim stand up , the figure slip away from the window . as she cross the room , the face reappear , hide by the shadow , watch she enter the bathroom . 93 int . bedroom - dusk 93 wearing only a bra and panty , Wendy be sprawle across she bed , talk on the telephone . a black silk gown be drape across she leg . wendy ( into the receiver ) what I be wear now ?... oh , tonight ! ( smile , gently stroking the gown ) you will find out soon enough . ( stiffen ) now , be we all set ?... it better . I do not want she to ever forget tonight !... okay , ' bye . Wendy hang up the receiver and glance at she night table . a photograph of a grin Nick McBride stare back . Wendy smile and caress she gown . 94 int . bedroom - night 94 seat at she dress table , Kim put the final touch - es on she makeup . her hair be sweep up and back , fall - ing in soft wave to she shoulder . wearing the rav- ishing white gown , she look older and very beautiful . vivian 's voice be heard from down the hall . vivian ( o.s. ) Kim ! vivian come in look anxious and flustered . she 's dress in a elegant black satin pantsuit . Kim turn , look at she . ( continued ) 75 . 94 continued : 94 ki`rf Mom , it look great ... vivian do not seem to hear she . she 's rummage through she purse . vivian Kim , have you get any of my makeup ? kim no ... I never ... vivian that deep red lipstick , you remember ? you like it ... kim I would not take it without ask you ... vivian 's very wound up . vivian it be on my dress table , I set it aside ... she 's look around Kim 's room as if she expect to see it . vivian ( continuing ) why do this always happen at the last minute ? hammond 's voice bellow from downstairs . hammond ( o.s. ) let 's go , we can not be late ... vivian ( to kim ) I set it aside ... she head for the door , stop , look fully at Kim for the first time . vivian ( continuing ) you look lovely , dear . she go out . 76 . 95 int . downstair hall - night 95 hammond stand in front of a hall mirror , straighten he bow tie . he seem agitate , nervous . he turn as vivian start down the stair . he look surprised at she outfit . there 's a certain similarity between it and he own formal suit . hamim0 nd my God , we be go to look like twin . vivian stop dead , look at he . hammond force a smile . hammond ( continuing ) I be joke , vi , it 's beautiful .. _ c'mon ... she hesitates , then come down to he . vivian I tell you I would buy it . hammond of course you do . he open the door for she . she pause to check herself in the mirror . hammond ( continuing ) we have get to go . he put a arm around she , kiss she gently on the cheek . she just stare at herself in the mirror . 96 ext . house - night 96 hammond take vivian 's arm as they step outside , walk toward the car in the driveway . 97 int . parked car - Pov 97 someone be watch hammond and vivian from a car park across and just down the street . a shadow move in the foreground , in the front seat of the car . 98 ext . house 98 hammond guide he wife to they family car , open the passenger door for her_ he look past she , down the street , see a car park there . ( continued ) I I 98 continued : 98 a streetlight reflect off its windshield prevent he from see inside . vivian interrupt he speculation . vivian I be go back to change . she turn back to the house . hammond hold on to she arm . hammond vi ... there 's no time ... vivian I be not go to look ridiculous ! iammond you do not look ridiculous , you look fine ... 99 int . parked car - Pov 99 the figure in the front seat watch the confrontation in the hammond driveway . 100 ext . house 100 hammond take vivian by the shoulder , face she . hammon D vi.. this be a big night for the school , it 's a big night for I ... I know how you be feel ... I understand ... it 's difficult for all of we ... but we have get to make a special effort , vi ... we can not let the ... terrible memory of this day affect we ... that may seem cold and ... insensitive to you , but it 's the way it have to be .. he pause , stare down at he wife . she 's hold he gaze . hammond ( continuing ) now , vi , if you think it 's go to be too difficult for you ... vivian you do not want I to go . ( continued ) 78 . 100 continued : 100 hammond T certainly I want you to go , just say ... vivian you do not think I can do it ... you think I will embarrass you ... harmond no ! I do not ... believe I .. vivian then why be you say this thing ? hammmond vi ... I just .. he 's try to stay calm , to keep the lid on . she 's on the verge of tear . hammond ( continuing ) I be sorry ... I do not mean to upset you ... vivian you treat I like a child ! I be you wife ! she glare at he . he release she from he grip , ges - ture toward the car . hanmond let 's get go ... he walk around to the driver 's door . vivian stare after he with hard cold eye . 101 int . parked car - Pov 101 the figure in the park car watch as hammond start up the car , wait for vivian to get in , back out of the driveway , and move off down the street . 102 ext . parked car 102 the figure climb out of he car , gaze at the fade taillight of the hammond car . the figure be Nick McBride . 103 int . bedroom - night 103 Kim reach for a small bottle of cologne . ( continued ) 79 . 103 continued : 103 as she gently track the perf I across she skin , she be startle by another reflection in she mirror . whirl around , she see Alex . stand up , she pir - ouettes and curtsy before she brother . kim well ? Alex gape , stunne by he sister 's appearance . alex ( finally ) amazing ! kim ( smile ) you like ? alex you look almost like a woman ! kim ( laugh ) thanks ! she pick up she corsage from she dress table . kim ( continuing ) you want to help or just leer ? alex you be my sister ... I will leer ! kim ( laugh ) pin this on I , you creep , late . Alex take the corsage . as he attaches the bright red flower on she gown , she playfully dab perfume on he neck . he pull back , prick himself on the pin . alex hey ! kim you should not have pull away ... the doorbell ring . kim ( continuing ) it 's he ! ( continued ) 80 , 103 continued : ( 2 ) 103 . ale er 's face be reveal . it be the nine - year - old Alex . Kim cradle the killer on the ground . she turn he head toward the light . we see he face full - on . vivia N Robin ! she rush forward , lung for the body . hammond grab she , restrain she . Alex 's dark eye stare back unsee at he family . his resemblance to he dead twin sister be uncanny . his hair fall onto he forehead in bang , as Robin 's have do seven year before . his makeup have be slop - pily apply . the rouge cheek and the smudge red lip amplify the grotesque impersonation . Kim stroke she brother 's hair . hammond press he hysterical wife to he . the onlooker slowly close in . we slowly dissolve from Alex 's face to a photograph of the hammond family take seven year earlier . we move in close on the twin . Alex and Robin be smile . fade out . the end