froof of life original screenplay by tony gilroy rewrite 7.6.99 na OPEN on : swiss currency . hundre franc note . fifty bill spread across a oil-stain mattress . serial number visible . terry ( vo ) '' , ..a final ransom settlement of 750 thousand dollar in non-sequential , unalter swiss currency ... " flash ! ~~ a picture of the money and -- we're in a old stone barn . some shitty upstairs room . bitter cold . wind howling through plastic drape over a break window . splay ancient floorboard . a freeze toilet in the corner . terry ( yq ) " , , , this be a fourth - round number , down from a initial demand of three million ... " terry thorne be alone in this room . he 's forty - three . English . work - class make good in british special force . he 's no longer a soldier but the smell of it will stay on he . forever . there 's a suitcase pack with swiss francs at he foot . blanket , hang from the rafter , drape like a tent over a rusted iron cot . there 's a camera inside . terry be try to photograph this money as quickly and discretely as he can -- flash ! terry ( vo ) '' , , .. this place we within six percent of we original target figure , a number consistent and in - line with recent ransom final figure in the West -asian , post - Soviet republic ... " he 's scramble -- it 's cold -- he 's not have sleep , hot water or a decent meal in day -- check he watch -~ fuck -- he 's run out of time -- terry ( v9 ) " ... give the actively dynamic field condition and fluid nature of we transfer schedule , normal photographic documentation of the payment package be unfortunately limited ... '' W co qo so it 's terry talk and we nre watch terry , and there ig some vague similarity between what he 's say and what we be see , sut that 's as far as it go . the voiceover could hardly be more calm and dispassionate . what we be watch be anything but ... terry ( vo ) " , , .. the transfer itself , be for the most part , routine and without incident ... " cuT to outside . the stone barn one of several crumble structure park here in the bleakness . this use to be a village . chechnya Post - Soviet grim . frigid shade of gray . evidence of war all over . shatter tree . a dead tank . terry ( yo ) " , .. report of local Russian command 's aifficulty in deliver consistent field support have be independently confirm ... " russian soldier wait around a some vehicle . hangover . weary nasty face . worn - in weapon . terry ( yo ) " ... give the delicacy of transfer protocol and base upon real - time , on-site observation , it be determine that local military command have strength that lay elsewhere ... " a russian colonel stand at a armored personnel carrier watch terry haul the money suitcase from the barn . his driver must speak English , because -- terry ( over the wind ) you -- tell the colonel -- tell he he’s responsible now , right ? tell he ~- he fuck about , I all be the least of he problem ! translation in progress as the suitcase be tuck into a lockbox beside a machine gun housing and -- cuT to terry watch the russian convoy pull away . terry ( vq ) " ... give the region 's historical unpredictability and in light of the assessment describe above , it be determine that Russian military command 's exposure in the transfer be minimize ... " three scrawny russian soldier leave behind to guard the barn . a vodka bottle already pass from hand to hand . terry ( vo ) " , ..to that end , a back channel of communication have be establish with group hold Mr. lenoir prior to the final proof of life ... " cuT to the stone barn 's rear door . terry ducking cut the back with a canvas duffel . jogging toward a stand of tree . there ' 's a jeep wait . a nervous local driver and -- terry ( yo ) " ... as Russian escort proceed to the primary drop area , I be direct to a secondary position ... " cur to a ugly mountain road . the russian convoy have pull to a stop . the colonel watch impatiently as two soldier snap open the lock box and pull out the suitcase -- terry ( vo ) " , .. give the prevaile apprehension regard Russian command , it be determine that I retain possession of the ransom payment until a later date ... " the suitcase rip open . surprise . nothing but brick . cut to a huge dead field . frozen farmland . three chechen tank park for protection . a couple jeep . a flatbed truck . chechen soldier ready for everything . terry ( vq ) " ... rendezvous be engage at the secondary location as agree ... " terry's jeep park two hundred yard away . he 's get binocular and a walkie-talkie . the airwave aiive with incomprehensible radio chatter and -- terry ( vo ) '' , .. with the exception of some last minute negotiation over landing air transport , the protocol be fairly straightforward ... " a chopper angle in over the field -- landing another hundred yard off to one side . -- cuT to terry with the duffel . walk out across the field . totally wide -open . it would be so easy to die right now . the set - up just suck . his body language be tough as mail , but as we get closer there 's no hide the dread in he eye . terry ( vq ) " , .. assume local complexity describe above , and base upon we prior negotiation , a simultaneous transfer be deem necessary ... " cuT to a chechen flatbed truck . the hostage -- mr. lenoir -- kneel there . blindfolded . two AK - 47 up he ass . he 's recently lose a ear and three finger . bandage brown with blood . he 's daze -- bruise -- freezing -- terry ( vq ) '' ... Mr. lenoir , be find to be in a excellent state of health give the circumstance ... " cur to : the duffel bag -- as it 's rip open -- three chechen officer tear through the money -- terry ( vo ) " ... follow a review of the ransom payment , Mr. lenoir be release into we care ... lenoir kick off the truck . face first . cuT to we the russian convoy speed back past the stone barn and -- terry ( vq ) " , .. apparently Russian military liaison be confuse by the lack of information available ... " cur to the dead field -~ faster and louder -- terry and lenoir make for the chopper -- lenoir be weak and disorient -- terry all but carry he -- it 's go to .be a long two hundred yard and -~- _..... , terry ( yq ) ... initiate a effort to confirm that a parallel process be indeed underway ... " chechen soldier get a bad report over the radio -- terry ( vo ) '' ... abandon the primary site , Russian command endeavor to reach we secondary location . the chopper pilot start to freak -- rotor idling -- watch they come -~ let 's go -~ terry ( vq ) " , .. unfortunately , the situational demand make it impossible to properly debrief we host ... " out of nowhere -- a anti - tank weapon -- rocketing in from the horizon -- some completely unanticipate angle -- terry ( vo ) " , ... as a result , some local residual confusion be to be expect in future ... wham ! -- a chechen tank just wipe off the screen and -~- the russian convoy come hard from the distance and -- the chopper pilot look ready to bail and -- terry -- fifty yard to go -~ scream for he to wait ! -~ weapon rip through the wind and -- on NY terry 's jeep -- the local driver -- stick in the mud -- : ! panic make it worse -- just find traction as tracer ! round tear into nim and -- the two chechen tank search for target -~ terry still come -- wave a sidearm at the chopper pilot -- " do no / t move ! " - =- drag lenoir in under the rotor -- a russian jeep exploding behind they and -- inside the chopper -- total chaos -- lenoir scramble in -- the pilot scream in slavic -- he as. freaking out -- pull up already -- toe soon because -- terry have not clear the threshold -- toss back -- head slam against the door as he fall -- rock -- grab at the doorframe -- hang there ! -- nothing but instinct keep he from fall and -- the ground pull away and -- lenoir reach for terry -- try -- but the pilot -- there 's something wrong -- something new -- no time -- suddenly he 's jerk the stick and -- the chopper spilling sharply to one side and -- terry fall -- fall inte the cockpit and -- whooooosk ! -- a anti - tank rocket -- a blur -- already on they -- already past -- they have be hit ! -- crease -- a landing skid tear away from the undercarriage ! -- the helicopter tilting -- overreact -- stalling -- for a moment it look like they be beat it in and -- the pilot fight to keep it up -- cursing and sputter in slovak -- lenoir roll on the floor in pain -~ he bandage hand crush in the turbulence and -- finally to terry pull himself into a window seat . he 's daze . leok down as the earth begin to pull away . as the chopper start to level off . terry wiping at the blood from a deep cut above he eye . wiping it away so he can see . tying to get a grip . to focus . something . terry ( yo ) .-- follow we departure , we be make =5 understand there nad be some difficulty implement local exit strategy ... " terry watch it all get smailer . emptiness more than relief . exhaustion more than triumpn . the shock of still be alive . wiping at the blood pour down into he eye , wiping at it one last time before he pass out , and we -- cut to a case board . a big presentation - style chart . eighteen international kidnap case list here . actually it 's only seventeen because the lenoir / Chechnya case have be cross out . box after each name -- category and info -- date of abduction -- first demand -- target figure -- last proof of life -- ecuador , Philippines , kenya , Mexico , Guatemala , Pakistan , colombia -- terry ( os ) .. Mr. lenoir be examine by mobil medical and transport to athen yesterday for surgical treatment ... we / re in a conference room . spare , efficient decor . hi-tech and a little shabby . corporate logo along one wall : R x ia al a dozen people -- ten man and two woman ~- seat around the table . terry wrapping up he report . bandage above he eye . wound still fresh . terry --- give the region 's historical instability , and the fluid nature of this most recent project ... " harry luthan at the head of the table . company director . slick suit . slick everything . beside he , ian havery , k&r Chief of Operations . he 's sixty and clear-ey . terry .-.. it 's recommend that further extraction be study carefully and that all appropriate insurance representative be make aware of increase liability and cost . he 's do . barely a beat , before -- luthan Eastern bloc -=- wnat be the total insurance billing last year ? havery aggregate ? pamela at the table . thirty . beautiful . sri lankan . pamela thirty -eight million dollar . luthan and what be the ransom total ? pamela cover on policy ? ( check fast ) ... twenty - six million . luthan / Jesus ... ( to havery ) I think we need a meeting with the insurance carrier this week . Wave the red flag a bit . let they know we cost be rise . ( almost forget ) excellent job , Terry . thank you . as always . outstanding . ( file before he ) all right , where be we next ? we have get Pakistan , colombia ... terry fold up he shit . havery catch he eye . wait for I . cuT to - a cable car . nothing fancy . steel pipe , wood plank and corrugate tin . construction site pragmatism and quality . we be ascend slowly and steeply . half a dozen yellow hardhat visible inside as the car pass . telacca pull back to reveal a jungle river gorge . steep canyon wall . lush vegetation wherever it can grab hold . sweet , fast - move water below . oo peter ( 0s ) -- no , no , wait -- no , you wait ... keith , excuse I , but < nat be pure oklanoma horseshit -- cuT to the cable car . pull to the summit . a patch of green shave away to make room for quonset hut , warehouse and a couple mobile home . headquarters for a large construction project still in the preliminary stage . a ubiquitous corporate logo : gem-carbon peter ( 0s ) -~ because I have get sixty people sit up here in the damn jungle with nothing to do ! -- the door open . peter gehrig cut -onto a timber platform . he ' 's maybe forty . Texan . he 's a engineer . cowboy . boot . glass . dirty hand . and a satellite phone -- peter -- blast canopy , blade , gantry assembly -- we be suppose to be building a dam here and I do not have a work dragline ! -- behind he now , five engineer . multinational crew . peter -- oh , screw the pipeline ! we be down here make you guy look good and I can not even get anybody to return my damn call ! a work gang -- twenty local laborer -- park in the shade . Dead eye tracking the boss as he pace around . peter well , what the hell be I suppose to tell my people ? what the hell be go up there anyway ? ( dead air ) keith ? keith . ( connection go ) goddammit . peter look around . Dead silence . everyone here be count on he . and he know shit . just stand there as the pressure wash over he , and we -- cor to lo risk management london . terry with he bag and briefcase come through the office . the place be busy . desk and phone and cubicle -- clearly global and urgent -~ pamela Terry ... ( come after he ) Ian want to see you . terry I will give he a call . pamela what about I ? he stop . she 's smile . terry what happen to you City banker ? pamela I be bored . cuT to a big OPEN - AIR market . the outskirt of telacca City . it 's all here . meat , fish , preduce , clothes , hardware . too many color and sound to catalog . alice gehrig be lean and tan . she wear local sandal and a cartier tennis bracelet . she smile easily . her Spanish suck and she 's the only anglo face we will see here , but she 's at home in a market . parisian mesh bag pack with produce . two man stand at a sheet of plywood cover with dozen of variety of chile pepper . call they abbott and costello . under discussion , a handful of black goathorn pepper . maria be Alice 's housekeeper . she 's forty - five . stern and _ protective . she 's do the talk with this two clown . maria he say be too much for you maybe. ( translate ) too strong . he say this be most powerful chile in telacca . alice do he eat it ? maria in quick repartee with abbott -- ( note : there 's Spanish in this story . anything in the film mean *o be subtitle , will appear in parentheses . everything else will be either paraphrase , < ranslate -- as in this scene -- or assume to be understandable . maria he say yes . he eat this chile but he be a man . a country man . ( roll she eye ) he be the King cf chile . alice smile . pick a pepper from the cluster . pop it in she mouth . like nothing . alice why do not you ask his majesty if he ‘’d care to join I ? maria throw down the gauntlet . con gusto . costello be already laugh , mock cut he partner , as we -- cuT to london / the strand . Day . terry have just come out of the _ rmi building . walk away with he luggage , when -- havery ( rush after - -) Terry ! Terry ! hang on then ... cuT to telacca nationale country club ballroom . as splashy as it sound . a garish approximation of a fantasy american sunbelt golf club . a local fiesta on tonight . the band be great . the food plentiful . Buffet table drip with flower and ice sculpture . service up the ass . . two hundre guest group at big round banquet table . two-thirds be wealthy telaccan -- business elite and drug trafficker masquerade as business elite . a few high - rank uniform ; blue for cop , green for military . heavy on the cabbage and epaulet . the woman deep with cleavage and latina perfection . mix into this crowd be the ex-pat . european , japanese , Americans , and -- peter and alice alone at a table for twelve . centerpiece say : gem-carbon otl . alice taste-testing several plate ef food . peter drink . alice you gotta try this panito . peter I be not hungry . alice you wanna dance ? peter I want to know what the hell be go on . ( beat ) and nobody call ? alice I be home all day . here come ivy with a plate of food . she 's a forty - five - year - old bottle - plonde alabaman . ex - pat lifer . ivy hey ya will .- sorry we nre late . alice where be everyone ? ivy nobody call you ? ( to Peter ) be you shitting I ? unreal . fellner , buddy , they whole group have to go to Houston this morning . some kinda powwow . ( back to Alice ) Peggy say if he be go , she be go and then I guess all the girl jump on that . ( c /est la vie ) so I guess it 's just we ... peter be Jerry here ? ivy he be behind I ... probably off do a comparative cleavage survey . ( whisper ) I mean , do this woman get into it , or what ? peter what kind of powwow ? but here come jerry juggling a couple dewar and a plate . / jerry hey , hey , hey ... ( ivy help he lighten nis load -- ; Alice , you iook stun tonight ... ( sit down with Peter - - ) ivy tell you ? peter Houston . jerry this morning . all of they . fellner charter a plane . peter so what 's in Houston ? jerry money . peter that do not sound good . jerry only if they do not come back with it . '' across the ballroom the band slip into a killer groove and the telaccans start to laugh and clap hand -- they know this song and what 's come next -- bandleader ( my friend , we have some young dancer here with we tonight , and maybe if everyone will join I , we can get they down here ... ) ( beckone to -- ) a table in the back a telaccan couple . call they fred and ginger . they nre not kid . she fill every moment of she dress . he dy he hair too dark . they be feign reluctance , but clearly they have play this scene before , as we -- cuT to london / covent garden . Day . terry walk with he luggage . havery try to keep up . this just moment after havery have flagge terry down -.on the street . NY ! ( note : if you haven not guess , time be pass differently in London and telacca . we be follow two storey here . thing will fall into synch as event unfold . } havery so you be all right then ? still in one piece . terry I be a little wound up . havery of course you be . it go away . you know that . terry what do you want , Ian ? havery be I that transparent ? terry no .. you always want something . latin music rise beneath this , as we -- cut to the club ballroom . night . fred and ginger dance -- laugh off the cobweb -- it 's be a while -- but they be really good . the dance some local cousin to the tango . dreamy and sexy and demand all at once and -- alice reach over for peter . her hand on he shoulder . he reach back , he hand cover hers , but he and jerry too wrap up in they own urgent whisper to stop -- peter how do it get so bad so fast ? jerry where the hell have you be ? peter I have be try to build a dam . jerry you oughta pick you head up every now and then . take a look around . fred and ginger start to sweat and -- jerry ( over ) you get 4 billion dollar pipeline have not spit out a gallon yet . you get oil price in the toilet . cuT to alice watch other couple venture out onto the floor -- jerry ( over ) ..- between the drug cartel , the army , the blue cop , the local cop -- Christ , everybody in this room have they damn hand out ... cut to the bandleader jump down from the stand -- cut in -- fred relinquishing ginger and -- jerry ( over ) «..toss in half - a- dozen coke - up revolutionary group and , I mean , come on , you do not need a research analyst to tell you this deal be ripe with shit ... cuT to peter look grim , listen to -- jerry ++- market close today , gem -carbon stock be down ten and fall ... peter so who be they talk to ? jerry do not want to say . peter just wait . jerry oxo . peter sag . bad , bad news . ivy tapping he on the shoulder -~ check it out -- he turn to see -- fred lead alice to the dance floor and she 's laugh and look back at the table a little embarrassed , but ultimately she 's game . fred start slowly with she . and now they be dance . the dance floor fill up around they . alice get into it , as we -- cuT to london / covent garden cafe . oay . havery have persuade terry =o sit down over coffee . havery we pick up call from telacca . terry you nre not ask I to go down there , be you ? havery I think if you hear I out ... terry ( he luggage ) I just get off the bloody plane . havery listen to I , i_need five day . you see the board . I need not tell you how busy we be at the moment . you hear about Jenkins and clyde ? ( obviously not ) they nve just leave we to go work at vanguard . terry do not you poach Jenkins from vanguard last year ? havery that 's not the point . | terry look , I be not good right now . havery you nre tired . it 's the jet lag talk . ( flat out now ) Terry , I need you down there . i’1l have Jules in to take over in five day . ( a smile now ) I want you to consider this you first management assignment . the first of many . terry look at I . we silence . Long history between this cwo . . havery l we all get rattle . right ? | it 's not the first time . terry that be sort of my point . cuT to telacca / residential driveway . night . a jeep pull in . the house one of several large , newish home on this street . Mountains in the distance . . this could be a money suburb outside Denver or Phoenix . cuT to inside the jeep . sandro at the wheel . Peter 's driver . he 's fifty . quiet and solid . sandro mafnana ? _ peter and alice in back . just get out . peter no . take the day . call I Sunday . alice night , sandro ... sandro nod , watch they go , and -- cot to the kitchen . the house be large and modern and well - build .- the kitchen be huge and open . Glass all at the back to the garden and pool . and scorpion -= - we 'il see they etched into glass , tile , drawer pull , carving -- anywhere and everywhere -- this design motif so run through the entire property we will know this location as the scorpion House . alice and peter have just come in . they be both a little drunk . she 's loose and horny . he 's quietly flipping out . alice any message ? peter Zip . she pass . run ner hand down he back . he pull away . peter nothing like dance with a drug lord to get a girl revve up . alice he 's a lawyer . peter right . alice they play tennis . 's ir . she 's root in a cupboard . something fall to the floor . peter in that place where everything be irritate . peter what be you do ? alice try to find Maria 's cigarettes . peter I do not know , maybe you miss it , but this happen to be a very big deal for I . alice I think I know that . peter you sure do not act like it . alice by have a cigarette ... , . forget it . alice how should I act ? peter I do not know . maybe like you understand what 's at stake . alice so we can both be freaking out ? peter you tell I . this thing fall apart then what be the point ? lo alice the point of what ? peter of what ? how about Africa ? how about Thailand ? how about eight year of shit posting ? she 's pour herself a glass of wine . alice you forget Egypt . peter and you be say what ? just flush the whole thing ? be that it ? because this be the payoff , Alice . my project . my people . my budget . this be the one . and if it 's 0x0 ? if Jerry 's right ? they take this over and = be fuck . ° alice who know , maybe oxo want a dam of they own . peter they do not build dam . they kick ass . they have rather have a civil war than a water system . you know what they call it ? what we do ? alice ( raise she glass ) here 's to flush Africa ... peter you ' / be drunk . alice maybe it 's a sign that it 's time to go home . peter oh , that 's great , Alice ... ( disgust ) this thing crap out and I be back at a draft table and you know it . I be lose my brass ring -- I be in the middle of a total professional meltdown and you think now ? -- you make this as a good time to start back promote this agenda ? J alice : go home be not a agenda . peter you timing 's impeccable . : alice you do not like this place either . peter iii e i : alice I do not have a project ! peter and that 's my fault ? alice I be not get pregnant again in the third world . you want to have a family , we be go home ! married silence . some line have be cross . peter maybe you should go home . take a break . even if the project 's dead it 's gonna take a while to close it down . ( she be stare ) that 's what you want , be not it ? alice I never say that . peter then I guess it 's I . and he walk . alice alone with it , as we -- cuT to heathrow airport . duty free . who know what time it be ? a consumer casino . a high - end assault of neon and display case . terry walk through like he 's do a thousand time before . buttone down for travel , with the carry - on and briefcase , he look every inch the corporate road warrior . the bandage above he eye the only thing out of place . World - class alienation . cot to as i the scorpion house kitchen . Day . alice just S waking up . wandering downstairs and -- alice peter. Peter ? there 's coffee . but he 's go . she 's alone , as we -- i cuT to a airplane cabin . night . terry in first class . a dark , empty red-eye . he 's in the pin spot of a read light . tire past sleep . in motion again . how do this happen ? cuT to telacca CITY . Day . a black BMW speed through -- cuut to peter drive with the car phone loud over speaker , but it 's a bad connection -- fellner 's voice -- I do not know what to tell you , Peter . we need help . oxo have its own way of do thing -- peter -- it 's not just I , Ted , I be not the only one gonna fight for this -- cur to oxo corporate headquarters . Houston . a hallway outside | the boardroom . lawyer in the bg . . ted fellner , longtine oil company survivor , hunch over a cell phone -- peter 's voice '' - you better tell oxo how much local support we have get down here -- fellner if that 's a threat , Peter , I be not sure what that be , but <-- cuT to peter downshift -- there 's a corner come fast -- peter -- I have get people down here who burn they bridge to come and work with we -- fellner 's voice -- can barely hear you -- peter + he 13 } ss. so tell _my people ? fellner 's voice tell they to get they resume out . a burst of static -- the call be really break up -- peter Ted ? Ted ? I be head for the office -- I be gonna call . you back on a landline . can you ju -- . peter just incredibly frustrated , but there 's no time to react , because , up ahead -- traffic -- fiesta traffic -- a major jam - up and -- . ' peter slamm on the brake -- no time for this -- new plan -- look back -- swinging a hard u- turn , as we -- cuT to terry passport . night . page turn . a telaccan immigration officer try to find a clear place to stamp . forget it . every page be wall - to- wall embarkation imprint . terry stand there wait for the guy to do he thing . ca-chunk . handed back he passport , as we -- cur to telacca CITY . Day . outskirt of town . the black BMW speed along a narrow , much -funkier road . slum rim thick sugar cane field . inside the car peter look for a shortcut -- look a little lose -- juggling the wheel , a map , and the phone -- ua i ) peter -~ cail Ted fellner and tell he I will be at che office in twenty Minutes . tell he to wait , I be on my way . peter punch out the call , focus ahead , and -- peter oh , fuck this ... because up the road some sort of accident . a old tanker truck on its side . a couple flare burn and -- cuT to peter downshift -- look back -- shit , there 's another truck right behind he and -- cuT to a blue -uniformed cop appear beside the flare -- he 's wave a submachine gun like a highway ' lag -- wave Peter around the tanker and -- _ CUT to peter hesitate -- should he turn back ? -- could he ? -- then the truck behind he start blowing its horn -- he 's get no choice -- suck it up -- pull past the blue cop , around the tanker and -- peter oh , shit ... he Pov it 's a roadblock . twenty car stop here . up ahead , at the checkpoint , police light turn . there 's a dusty embankment along one side of the road . the other slope down to the cane field that stretch all the way to the mountain . blue uniform work the line , search car . driver spreadeagle against they vehicle . thirty , forty people stand around . lot of gun . lot of tension and -- cuT to peter try to stay calm . you be box in . you be go nowhere . stay cool . keep breathe . check he watch . and then suddenly a motorcycle -- up ahead -- two teenaged kide pull out cf the line -- skid up onto the embankment -- make a run for it -- come this way -- bam !-3am !- bam ! -3am !-3am !-bam !-bam !-3am ! -- gunfire rip in out of nownere -- the kide -- they body -- jerk back -- into the dust -- the bike fly away like a toy and -- cuT to peter just -- in shock -- just can not believe it and -- cuT to the shooter -- the blue - cop -- the guy who wave he past the tanker -- he 's jogging toward the down motorcycle -- one of the kid be not dead -- try to crawl -- somebody scream in spanish and -- CUT to peter turn -- something else now and -- cuUT to guy with ski - mask -- camo-suit and weapon -- run out of the cane field toward the road and -- ' CUT to peter diving down under the dashboard and ---- cur to the ski mask -~ twenty of they -- the guy who 's scream -- he 's get a red bandanna -~ he 's in charge and furious -- yell at the shooter cop and everyone else and -- cuT to peter on the car floor -- try to punch up the cell phone -- go too fast -- mess it up -= and then -- voice venga ! venga ! rapido ! in the window -- a ski mask -- a machine gun , and -- cuT to a tennis court . the country club . alice hit with the pro . work cut . just bang the ball . and hard . she 's good . focus . wy ey uw cot to HOTEL front desk . night . terry check into the intercon excelsior . telacca City 's biggest and best . desk clerk welcome back , senor thorne ... ( a smile and --) I believe we have a fax that come for you ... terry hand a envelope . fax page from London . cuT to the roadblock ~- peter -- in motion -- ski mask rush he toward a pick - up truck park by the cane field -- peter -- just -- hang on -- lento , por favor -- una mome -- ( silence by --) a gun butt hard into he back -- peter gasping -- fall -- two ski mask muscle he up -- drag he now past other driver -- witness -- radios start squawking and -- cuT to ski mask leader -- red bandanna -~ run down the line yelling order -- " let 's go ! - =- tz ovi out -- cuT to two phony blue cop -- strafing a steal police car -- just shoot the shit out of it and -- cuT to peter -- in the pick - up truck -- it 's crazy -- a dozen telaccan hostage all cramme in here -~- several ski mask jump on -- gun firing from the road -- radios chatter away -- everything akimbo as the truck jump into gear -- peter push a gun barrel away from he face as -- the pick - up truck rattles off the main road onto a dirt path that disappear into the cane field . head for that mountain in the distance , as we -- cot to we the tennis court . alice just as we leave she . slam the ball with the pro . lose in it . but now the shot widen the club - be busy today . court on either side all in use . face we may recognize from last night 's big shindig . ivy walk quickly . she 's not here to play . something 's wrong . barely excuse herself as she cut across the court . fred and ginger -- the dancer -- surprised to see ivy walk through they double match and -- we see alice turn -~ breathless , confuse -- as ivy come toward she . we see ivy tell she about Peter . we see alice not believe what she 's hearing and have to hear it again before it make sense . we see the racket slip from she hand , as we -- cuUT to intercon HOTEL suite . night . terry have just come in . leok around the room . all too familiar . he pulis _ open the envelope he be just give at the front desk . fax page . Peter 's gem - carbon employment file . there 's a blurry headshot . a brief work history . slim picking . cuT to a mountain village . Day . a dirt street . tin-shack store . cinderblock church . rebel soldier hang out around some vehicle . the ski mask be go now , they feel safe here . and now we see how young they be -~ kid really . just a bunch of teenager brag about the day event . cut to peter 's briefcase open on a table . his passport , credit card , key , papers , cell phone -- a photograph of Alice -- all of it scattered there . be in the church . a poor church . fold chair for pews . a old door make a table and the altar . peter stand here . a couple teenage rebel stand guard and -- uo ~ three rebel honchos -- older man -- seat like judge . big honcho . you know what be tal ? what this mean ? - peter the telaccan Army of Liberation . big honcho you be a prisoner in this armed struggle to rebirth telacca . peter okay , so can I -— can I talk now ? because this , this be wrong -- ( not sure who 's in charge --} -~- I be a humanitarian worker , I be here to help the telaccan people -- I be here to build a dam -- la represa -~ - a la Rio chimaya ! honcho # 2 hold up Peter 's gem -carbon i.d. -- pass it around the room like a bad smell -- honcho # 2 Si , por el pozo petrolero ... peter no . that 's what I be try to tell you . I do not work on the pipeline . no trabajo por la pozo petrolero . I be building a dam in chimaya . La represa de chimaya -~ to stop the flooding -- ( somebody here must understand - -) La represa de chimaya ! big honcho for the pipeline . peter no ! I do not build the pipeline ! I be here to help the people ! honcho # 3 have hear enough -- talk past he now -- honcho # 3 ( he go with turo tonight . ) peter -- wait a -- do not you hear I ? ww big honcho no_mas ! ( silence ) you be a prisoner . una preso de guerra . peter quiet now . it 's real . this be actually happen . he point to the table . something there he want to take . big honcho nod . peter pick up the photograph of alice , as we -- cuT to another photograph . this one frame . peter and alice on a tennis court in Egypt . smiling and happy . a mix - double trophy . a woman' hand lift the pnoto away as we -- curt to another photograph . another frame . peter and alice on a motorcycle . kilimanjaro in the background . they be dusty and grungy and thrilled with it all . again -- a woman ‘s hand lift the photo away and -- '' pull back to reveal the scorpion master bedroom . night . the woman gather the photograph be noricia PEREZ . she 's late-thirty . a prosperous telaccan neighbor and friend of Alice 's . in she arm , a dozen or more picture she 's cherrypick from around the house and -- cuT to scorpion house downstair . just brim with activity . that first blush of energy when people be introduce to emergency . this will soon grow tiresome , but for tonight everything be urgent and dramatic . . maria run food out from the kitchen . helping she be cinta , a much - young woman who usually clean the house . sandro , the driver , here with several of he trust telaccan buddy . this guy in deep discussion with zev and bruno , two of the engineer we see up at the dam . eliodoro -- noricia 's husband -- hunch over a cell - phone and notepad in the study . look up as noricia enter with the armful of picture . he 's on hold , the two of they try look for the best picture of Peter , as we -- ne cuT to the patio . alice out here listen to jerry as he pace around the pool , with a cell phone -- jerry -- no , it be completely random , he be out , I guess , out near the barrio , they have this roadblock , they steal car , money , whatever they can get ... ( pause ) no , we have no idea what 's -- ( realize that Alice be stare - -) leok , let I call you back . and the moment he hang up -- alice you nre tell he we do not know what 's happen . jerry Alice , at this point , we be -- alice -~ he 's be kidnap , Jerry ! -- jerry -- look , until we have contact -- alice he get take by the tal at gunpoint in a roadblock ! twenty - five people see he drive away in a goddam truck ! I do not know -- maybe it 's I -- but it sound pretty fuck definitive ! jerry silent , look past she to -- ivy ( phone in hand ) it 's you sister - in - law again ... alice ( take it --) Janis . do you get the flight ? +.- of course I will be there . jerry and ivy exchange a look . like maybe they know how ugly he could all get before it 's through . cuot to 30 intercon HOTEL bathroom . Day . terry at the mirror shave . catch he reflection -- terry oh , bloody hell ... he ' 's bleed . his eye , the bandage have come loose in i the wet . perfect . just delightful . cuT to mountain jungle -- day -- motion -- a jeep -- too fast -- rattling along a mud path . peter get hammer in the back . a burlap hood pull down tight over he head . armed tal guerrilla hang on for the ride . splash through a wash - out section of the path , as we -- cuT to telacca CITY airport . Day . alice wait with sandro outside custom . she 's tired . try to perk up , as -- passengers start clear custom . almost first -- but not for lack of try -- janis gehrig . Peter 's older sister . she 's smart and tense and hyper . she and Alice have never hit it off . she 's in from Los Angeles where she life with she lawyer husband and three kid . she have never be to telacca before , but that will not faze she . janis with open arm . alice absorb into she embrace .. janis be you okay ? be you ? alice I be fine . yes . I be okay . janis we be gonna get through this . you know that . ( Alice nod ) we have to be strong . alice that 's the plan . janis smile . like a parent . thank God I be here . — cuT to the scorpion house patio . terry out here aicne , flipping through the fax page of Peter 's gem -carbon dossier . ( note : at this point , < ime have shift . [ it 's Terry and Alice whe be now in sync . Peter 's story will unfold in it 's own way , in it 's own time . ] j cur to the scorpion live room . alice and maria check he out through the glass . maria he be here maybe , I do not know , twenty minute after you go . janis with Terry 's business card in she hand . janis what be Risk management ? alice he 's a negotiator . cuT to '' the patio . terry turn as the glass door behind he slide open . stand quickly and -- janis ( lead the way ) hi. I be Janis gehrig ... terry terrence thorne . how do you do ? janis and this be Alice ... alice come into the sun . toward he . they shake . terry how do you do ? ( pull a business card - - ) . I be with Risk management . we / nre a international ' consultantcy ... janis I have one . ( in she hand ) «.- you card . u nn terry right . I be with rmi . we be base in London . I be with we security and crisis response unit and I be sorry to just appear like this , but we try and -- janis you bre not sell something , be you ? alice ; ( mortify ) Janis ... janis what ? terry please , no , it 's ail right ... ( amused ) must be the shirt ... ( reset ) my company , we work with agp , they be the insurance company that carry the k&r -- kidnap and ransom policy -- for gem= -carbon . we be the designate consultant for Peter 's case . ( beat ) I be here to help you out . janis there 's insurance for this ? terry there certainly be . janis cover what ? . terry pretty much all of it . everything from we service straight through to the ransom payment . janis you be kid ... ( chasten ) you can understand why I have be ... terry please . do not even think about it . alice so you just fly in ? terry last night . alice you have speak with gem -carbon ? terry London may have , I do not know . ( the fax page ) all I have at the moment be this very useless employment dossier . what I have like to do be get a proper file go . I have question . I be sure you do as well . i’11 try to explain as much as I can . janis good . we need some explain . maybe somebody can tell we why nobody from the police have even bother to come by , or take a statement , or try and find witness from this roadblock . ( incredulous ) I mean , this be what I be hearing and I can not believe it . terry right . well , I speak to a police inspector before I come over , and for what it 's worth , they be aware of the situation . janis what the hell do that mean ? terry Mrs. gehrig , we have a lot to talk about , so maybe if we -- janis omigod , no , I be not Mrs. gehrig ... ( amused ) I be Peter 's sister . terry hesitates . okay . there 's alice . sorry . alice why do not we go inside and ... the mountain jungle . the rebel jeep park in a clear . peter stand there as the burlap hood be pull away . his new escort -- a platoon of guerrillas -- stare back from the vegetation . heavily armed . heavily scar . cuT to terry ( vo ) '' first off , you need to try and relax . you need to know thar you be in good hand . we be not some local , part- time operation . this be what we do , we do it the world over , and we be very good at it ... " the scorpion live room . alice and janis and -- CUT to terry ... kidnap be a business in telacca . you need to accept that . thirty year ago the tal be a serious revolutionary movement . that day be long past . they get fat run protection for the drug cartel . they get fat and hungry for more . one day they wake up and realize kidnap be a better profit center than propaganda tool ... a jungle path . rising gently through thick , beautiful forest . cut to peter and the platoon walk in loose formation . terry ( vo ) " ... we be not try to find the people who have do this . we be not try to locate Peter or rescue he or bring anyone to justice . what we want to do -- all we want to do -- be find a number -- a dollar amount -- that get he back in one piece as quickly as possible ... " the scorpion live room . as we leave they . terry ..- technically , pay a ransom be illegal in telacca . like most thing down here , it 's negotiable . ( more ) ney cur to terry ( cont ) the police be essentially useless . there 's not much they can do to help and a great deal they can do to muck it all up . we have a few people we trust . we use they sparingly ... a mountain farm . small and poor . peter and the platoon crossing a field . indian farmer know better than to look . cuT to terry ( vo ) " , . , .. the army 's no better . weak , corrupt , irrational -- the last thing we want be heroic . so we count on nobody ... " the scorpion live room . as they be . alice what about the embassy ? terry all you be go to get from th embassy be a smile and pat on the back . the U.S. mission here right - now be to keep they head down , keep thing quiet , and get the oil flow . you do not fit into they plan . alice how long be this go to take ? terry Truth be I do not know . last year , thing be much more predictable . there 's a lot go on right now . alice meaning what ? terry it 's hard to negotiate when the people you need to deal with be on the move . alice you mean fight . terry yes . uw a janis how long would it have be then ? last year . terry best case ? two month . alice and the worst ? terry long . janis you keep talk about negotiate . what 's to negotiate ? ' terry everything . cuT to a mountain chasm . Dawn . peter crossing a insane rope bridge . platoon guy ahead and behind . do not look down . just keep go . absolutely terrifying , and -- terry ( vo ) " this be a game . it 's a game you play whether you like it or not . for you it 's emotional . to the people hold Peter , this be business . you nre in the market and he 's the product . and the sooner you get comfortable with that , the easier it 's gonna go . " '' cur to the scorpion live room . alice and janis look pale . terry «+- pay too fast . pay too big . make it look too easy . and instead of get Peter back you will have a new message thanking you for the down payment and ask for more . alice where be he ? where 's Peter through all this . terry in the mountain . La cordillera . somewhere . they fall quiet . terry watch alice . watch she =ry and bury she nerve . terry look terry the people wno have take hin , it 's in they interest to keep he well . it 's a rough business , but they know what they be do too . he 's gonna be all right . ( pull a pen - - ) let 's talk about Peter . how 's he health ? janis he ' 's always be healthy . terry do he take any medication ? janis no . terry what about allergy ? janis no. nothing . to alice for confirmation . alice he 's allergic to chlorine and strawberry . a blood vessel break in he eye last month , he 's be take drop . he 's very prone to ear infection . janis silent now . terry scribbling it down . cuT to terry how about emotionally ? this kind of stress ... alice what kind of stress be we talk about ? automatic weapon -~ burst after burst -- tear the shit out of a big old tree -- pull back to reveal a valley bivouac . sunset . platoon supper of sardine and coffee . peter sit off by himself . several new face have meet the platoon here . two women -- cara and linda -- dress in shitty camo . they be teenager . no great beauty . load supplies onto two tired pack mule the idiot fire the gun be juaco . he 's maybe seventeen . stupid , angry , and unpredictable . waving the gun around . careless . laugh . the platoon soldier watch he with contempt . even they do not like hin . peter watch everything . he 's be hand off to this people . he know it . scare and try not to show it . force himself to eat everything in he bowl , as we -- cuT to the photograph of peter and alice -- the tennis shot -- the two of they look gorgeous and happy and hold that crazy egyptian trophy and -- . we / re in the scorpion kitchen . terry with the photo . he and alice be alone here . he 's sit there with he paperwork . she 's hustling up a meal . and she 's very good at this . but there 's a real edge of panic to she activity . alice so you be just what ? you be just fill in ? terry you 'il have someone permanent by the end of the week . alice and what be you ? I mean , the people who do this ? be you lawyer , foreign service , what ? terry some law enforcement . a couple people come out of intelligence . mostly it 's military . alice which be you ? ws vey terry I be a soldier . I be in the sas -- special Air service -- for ten year . alice special mean what ? like special force ? terry exactly . janis suddenly audible in the background . yammer into a cordless phone . wrestling she family into line from two thousand mile away . alice she ns. a trip , huh ? terry how do they get on ? alice with Peter ? she drive he crazy . sometimes I think we have be bounce around the world just so he can avoid she . terry I see that . { the file ) I mean , the bounce around . she 's pour wine . her hand be shaking . alice we be suppose to go home -- we be in Africa -- that be the plan . Peter 's father 's be sick and a bunch of thing , really . so we be all set to go home and then this project come up . it 's very competitive -- this project . oturn - - ) I be pour this , I be realize I do not even know if you want any . terry I have love some , thanks . she 's try to stay calm , but it 's not work . alice he know better than to be out there alone ... 30 terry you can not think about that . alice sandro get pay for Sunday ... ( just raw now ) and that stupid goddam car ... terry you get comfortable . you forget . it 's natural . janis pass again . that voice . like cold water . terry so what I really want to know ... ( Alice focus ) what 's with all the scorpion ? alice oh , God ... ( she brighten ) this place . I know . it 's insane , be not it ? some big drug guy , " El scorpione , " he build this for one of he mistress . ( look around ) I be absolutely determine to have a decent kitchen down here . ( she smile ) we rent it in the dark . ( she drink ) cinta -- one of the maid -- she bring Holy Water every Monday . sprinkle it around . all that bad juju ... ( then reality slam back ) so this be what you do , right ? I mean , this be you life . go to people 's house and tell they how it be and ... terry that 's part of it . alice try to figure out what they be like ? how they be gonna be . how they nre gonna hold up ? that 's what you be do , right ? terry I be on you side , Alice . a1 alice so how be I do ? i mean , you kmow , for the bereaved spouse ? terry you husband 's alive . he 's alive and he 's come home . alice you have do a lot of this thing . terry too many . alice and it always work out ? terry this be a good place to be kidnap . alice so this two brazilian they find dead last month . they be hostage . what happen there ? terry blindside . hanging for a moment . terry first of all , one of they be venezuelan . second , they be arm dealer . they be do a gun deal when they be take . it 's a little different . alice this will not work if you bullshit I . terry I can see that . alice so we will be straight up then ? terry that 's how we will do it . a moment as this compact be strike . anda moment longer . and then , janis , just off the phone , come barging back -~ janis sorry . God , you have think I have be go for a month ... ( beat ) so where be we ? cuT to scorpion house driveway . night. later . terry leave . open the door to he rental Jeep . toss in he stuff . hesitate . turn back toward the house . listen . look around . sightline . perimeter . Music play from across the street . terry move now , in the dark around the house . a strictly professional security survey . check angle . the gate . and then he stop . there -- through the window -- alice alone in the kitchen . smoke one of Maria 's cigarettes . unaware she 's be watch . terry just stare . free to stare . even in this much pain she 's beautiful . or be it because she 's in pain ? but it do not matter , he 's freeze there . startle -- the spell break -- as a dog start barking across the street . and when he look back , she 's go , and we -- '' CUT to the intercon lounge . later . a fern bar off the lobby . it 's a familiar decor . lot of glass and the patio beyond . but scratch the surface and smell the intrigue . arm deal . drug deal . money launderer and -- terry find a open spot at the bar . no sooner there than the bartender lay out a Black Bush with a Coke back . terry do I know you ? the bartender point down the bar . two guy wave . angle on these two guy as terry come around to join they . dino be a american . sharp and aggressive . a walk rumor . a old hand at thirty - five . wyatt be English . fifty and bloodshot . a bit past it . one thing they share in common , they nre both k&r consultant . dino ( as Terry arrive ) we have be wait for you . terry stick around long enough and it ali turn up , right ? terry with a bearhug ‘or wyatt and a giadhand for dino . some real fraternal affection behind the ugly banter . wyatt ( Terry 's eye ) what 's this then , a face lift ? terry yeah , I be do one side at a time . you be good ? dino look like shit , but he 's work . wyatt thank God , you be here , Terry , < =he quality of conversation 's be just bloody appall . terry so what be we celebrate ? dino life , liberty and the ability to purchase happiness . terry raise he glass . they drink . wyatt someone say you be in Turkey . dino Chechnya . the frenchman , right ? lenoir ? terry you be keep up , dino . dino yeah , we turn that job down . ( shaking he head ) what the fuck be Ian do send you out there anyway ? . terry we have be very busy . dino everybody 's busy . Christ , if Wyatt here 's work , you know the world 's in trouble . terry ( to Wyatt ) I think you be retire , mate . wyatt well , I be , but Security dynamics ring I up with a sob story . ( drunken ennui ) could I please ? old time 's sake . you know the routine . terry who 's the hostage ? wyatt canadian fellow . geologist . terry ( to dino ) and you ? dino come on , dude . where you be ? I be work the biggest thing down here . wyatt he 's do the italian . calitri . the banker . he 's very pleased with himself . dino and Ian 's get you off in fuck Chechnya . astound . wyatt look for another drink now as -- dino you hear about clyde and Jenkins ? terry ( lie ) no . what happen ? dino they be back work for we . ( amaze ) what be Ian do ? keeping you under a fuck rock ? you gotta get inform . I be gonna open you eye while you be down here . terry better do it quick . I be just pass through . dino I think you have this gem -carbon thing go . terry . no , I be just in hold hand . just wait for the cavairy . ( down he drink ) and then I be go . wyatt ( glass still empty ) I think someone 's kidnap the bloody barman ... cur to the gem -carbon build . downtown telacca City . morning traffic in the street . as we hear -- fellner 's voice ... I fly back last night , we have have everyone work the phone ... curt to a gem -carbon conference room . fellner up fron fellner ... we / have be go full out here try to access the information we need to make some inform decision . and make they quickly . the right decision . 45 chaotic alice and janis directly in the line of this bullshit . also present , jerry , and several other guy in suit . janis why be not Mr. thorne here ? jerry the guy from Risk management ? alice we think that 's what this be about . fellner there 's be a change in plan . janis what kind of change ? fellner we think it 's best -~ for all of we -- under the circumstance -- to go with a local representative . janis not use Risk management ? alice what circumstance ? a heavy pause . fellner there 's no insurance . ( dead air ) . none of we -- no one at gem - carbon have be insure for kidnap since last July . heavier still . alice how be that possible ? fellner they stop pay premium . some idiot in New York be try to cut cost and do not know what they be do and ... janis that 's crazy . fellner that 's one way to describe it . ( I feel you pain ) Alice , please . this could be any one of we . alice but it 's not , be it ? it 's Peter . fellner look , oxo be buy the pipeline . what we need to do -- what we have be try to do -- be make sure they be aware of this important obligation . alice I bet they can not wait for that . ( flame - on ) I be sure they be just stand - by ready to jump in and help out . janis this be absurd . to fellner ) where 's gem -carbon in all this ? fellner gem - carbon be evaporate . they be sell off what they can . it 's just a little late for miracle . janis ( to Alice ) we need to speak with a attorney immediat -- alice Janis . ( freezing she ) do not . ( to fellner ) so you be all out of work ? fellner it would seem so . alice turn -- there 's a guy sit in the back of the _ foom . he 's telaccan . fifty . well - feed . cheap suit . alice and who be you ? fellner ( quickly ) Alice , this be arturo fernandez ... mr . fernandez on he foot . like a puppet . most gracious . fernandez Mrs. gehrig ... fellner Mr. fernandez have help out with we local security coordination for year . he 's yery well connect . very experience . I think if you give we a couple minute to talk it over , you be go to realize just how lucky we be to have hin work with we . alice I can not wait . , intercon HOTEL lobby . Front desk . terry check out . desk clerk hand he he bill , and -- alice Boy , do you have I fool . terry blindside . there she be . terry I be about to call you . alice where ? from the plane ? ( she 's just raw ) you stand in my house and tell I I do not have to worry anymore . you_stood there . terry look , we all think gem-ccarbon be still a client . a claim get call in . it 's the weekend ... ( off - balance ) it 's not a perfect system . alice what about we ? we can not be the client ? terry it 's not that simple . alice you get ten thousand a week plus expense . we check it out . how do you know we can not pay ? terry really , I be sorry , but this be not a good situation for we either . alice we ? ( savage incredulity ) you . you stand in my kitchen and tell I my husband be come home ! terry look , gem - carbon 's out , okay ? oxo spend forty million a year on k&r insurance around the world . my company have a nice piece of that and the last thing oxo want be a conflict . loud enough a9 alice but Peter do not work for oxo ! so that a few head start to turn . terry that 's the point . that 's how they want it . no confusion . no exposure . no liability . ( beat ) I be not even suppose to talk to you . alice so this be what ? this be you be brave ? terry no . this be I do my job . ( hot now ) look , I be really sorry , okay ? but I have not see my own bed in five month . I be two minute off my last job , they be tell I to hustle down here and I come . now I wake up this morning and the phone 's ringing and they be tell I it 's over . ( point blank ) I do not make policy , okay ? alice well , it 's good I come by then , right ? let you get that off you chest . terry I be sure it 's go to work out . alice they be give I some local guy . they be give exactly the kind of guy you warn I about . terry I do not know what else to tell you . it 's not my call . alice great , so when this be over and my husband 's dead and I be suing the shit out of this scumbag , you can tell the judge you do everything you could to help I out ! on of terry have take he fill . he 's walk . she 's so stunne , for a moment she iet he go . and the next she 's after hin . pursue he through the lobby -- alice ' wait . wait . please , just -- just please -- you can not go -- just listen to I , all right ? ( he 's try to tune she out --) I be sorry to be like this , but I mean , my husband be somewhere , God know where and I have not sleep in day and I be at war with two international oil company and my sister - in - law and some terrorist group I do not even know , and you be the first -- you be the only person I have meet who know what they be talk about and I be begging you -- I be totally fuck begging you to help I on this -- I do not care about the rule or the liability or be right or whatever it be -- and if it 's the money -- really -- we could pay . Peter 's father be not poor -- terry stop . near the door . terry you ask I not to bullshit you , right ? alice right . terry I have get a plane to catch . she be immobilize . stun . stand there in shock as terry walk briskly for the door and -- ouT into the STREET . there 's a cab wait . his bag 's in the trunk but he 's not even check . terry force himself to not look back . force himself to get in quick and close the door . dying by degree as the driver rush around to get start . wonder what the hell he 's just do and yet powerless to change it , as the car pull away and we -- cuT to i i ov be a mountain path . hard rain . who know what cime it everything everywnere be wet . here they come , slogging through the mud . first to pass be cara . Fifteen . illiterate . overweignt . lead two unhappy pack mule . angry about all of it . be ? behind she , linda . sixteen . she 's small . the AK - 47 strapped over she poncho look ridiculous . indian blood that can walk forever . speak a little English . then peter . he 's be give a poncho and a backpack . he 's exhaust and soaking and hungry and terrify . but what do you do ? you keep walk . finally , juaco . the little maniac in charge . they nve reach a clear . the whole soaking caravan slow to a stop . up anead , there 's a break in the greenery . some sort of vista . they be stop here . cara and juaco argue about mule - pack be so wet . peter push ahead , up toward the trail break , where -- he sees a valley below they . simply incredible . a volcanic basin . huge , stone peak rim the horizon . the valley floor -- what we can see of it -- a thick carpet of green . the rain cloud trap above . beautiful and terrifying . back to the plateau . peter near the ledge with linda . cara and juaco argue with increase fury in the background -- peter aqui. esta ? por nosotros . linda Si . we stay here . peter how long ? she do not answer , turn back because the argument behind they have stop and juaco be pull a rifle from the mule pack and he 's come toward they -- toward the ledge -- pull the safety as he come and -- peter what be you do ? por que ? ( scared ) que pasa ? por que ? Linda ? a wv suaco ( to Linda ) ( tell he to shut the ' fuck up . ) juaco raise the rifle -- peter with no place to go -- peter -- por que ? what be you -- ( to Linda ) -- what 's he do ? -- juaco wave the barrel in peter 's face -- smile -- and then , bang ! bang bang ! -- three shot -- right over he ear -- into the sky -- off over the valley . peter on he knee . shake with fear . ear ringing . be he cry or be it just the rain ? juaco laugh at he . the two woman stand silently as the rain keep fall . all of they wait ... and then -- bang -- bang -- bang -- the response , three muffle shot from the valley below , and we -- cuT to 's camp insanity . that 's what we all call it . Three simple hut pitch around a clear patch of mud . a tin shed hide back under the tree . there 's a stream fifty meter down a little slope . two cow . a couple chicken . two teenage boy , alex and berto have be rouse from a three - day party . they be both waste and fuck out . shirt off . cigarettes go . rifles sling carelessly . peter slogging in behind the mule . try to remember the trail . but he 's exhaust . which way do they come from ? where 's the sun ? where be he now ? pull back , as -- juaco ( scream at the boy ) ( where 's the fire ? we nve be walk two day and you can not keep a fire for we ! you lazy faggot bitch ! go ! put down the gun and make the fire ! ) ( to Cara now - - ) ( get this animal unpack ! ) ( to Linda - - ) ( get the gringo into he place ! ) they fear he . everyone get to it . linda quickly motion for peter to follow she , and we -- ae on cuT to darkness . and then a door cpen . and there 's enough light to see peter 's hut . six by four . Rough wood plank wall . leak thatched roof . wet dirt floor with stone from some old fire in one corner . a mattress make of leave and straw slap over a rusted tin sheet . linda move aside . peter at the door . look in . peter aqui ? para mis ? linda si. you wait . ( push he in ) wait here . you will have fire . fuego , comprende ? soon . peter hunch down through the door . sitting there on the little bed . as she close the door . and the whole thing go dark . and the sound of the rain . and juaco outside scream at the boy to move they sorry ass , and we -- cuT to london / the thame . Day . a yacht party . Champagne . good tailore . prosperous laughter . seventy people try hard to pretend they be not do business . a banner read : agp insurance welcomes london the camera find terry dress for it , stand near the bar . across deck , pamela laugh it up with harry luthan and several other plutocratic type . havery turn back with two glass of champagne . havery here 's to dodging bullet . ( raise he glass ) can you believe we almost lose a twelve million dollar account over this gem -carbon fiasco ? ( he drink , Terry . have not yet - ~) oxo get quite put - off by the whole adventure . I be sure you do as well . and rightfully so . I / x11 make it up to you , Terry , I will . terry what 's gonna happen to they ? havery who ? . terry the gehrig . this people . havery oh , come on ... they 's 1ll find a way through . Christ , we have get half - aedozen firm breathe down we neck as it be . believe I , somebody want this case . they 's 11 be fine . ( onto the future ) so look , I have get a trip to bangkok need do . two , three day at the most . strictly management assignment . Wave the flag . talk to a few people . after that , I think you might want a week at the beach in Phuket . ( he smile ) I be think of send pamela along . back you up . terry smile . tries to . dewn he champagne , as we -~ cur to darkness . then -- a doorbell . ring -- loud -- a hand -- search for the light -- something fall -- glass shatter across the floor and -- light on to reveal the scorpion bedroom -- alice -~- the shock of be awake turn to fear . it 's three a.m . ' there 's break glass across the floor .. the doorbell again -- insistent now -- 's cur to the front door -- moment later -- knocking now and -~ alice ( rush down ) -- who 's there ? -- janis ( behind she ) uw ww alice ( wave for quiet ) who be it ? a voice ( through the door ) Alice , it 's eliodoro . from next door . please , hurry ... . alice rush open the door . eliodoro , she neighbor , stand there in robe and slipper . noricia , run across the street in she nightgown -- eliodoro -- Alice , I be sorry -- we have a call -~ about Peter -- they say to look in we car -- we have find a cell phone -- ( there 's a phone in he hand ) -- and this , it be there ... noricia they be call back -- to this phone -- in twenty minute . alice take the phone . look back to Janis , as we -- cut to the scorpion house . half hour later . mr. fernandez with the cell phone . it 's a clipped , hushed conversation and rapid-fire Spanish . he 's make note . alice with a cigarette . janis pace . eliodoro and noricia on the couch . everyone wait . fernandez Si . Si comprendo . ( he 's wrapping up ) ire yo mismo si fuera neccesiario . . ( listen ) Si , adios . it 's over . fernandez put down the phone . gather he note . he 's wear a sweatsuit . he turn to then . fernandez he say Peter be alive . he isa prisoner of war . they want two million dollar for he release . janis omigod ... I a oo fernandez obviously this be negotiable . ( calm and careful ) he say to make a better condition for Peter 's food and care , okay ? and also for they to prove far we that he 's alive -- they want to make a first transfer -- like a good faith -- as soon as possible . alice first transfer be what ? fernandez ( he note ) six hundred thousand peso -- be maybe fifty thousand dollar . alice can we talk to he ? fernandez this guy ? on the phone ? alice no. peter. fernandez I do not think so . I doubt this . this guy , he 's go to make one more contact , okay ? he 's go to tell we where to go for this . ( deat ) but , Peter be okay . and this -- it 's very fast for a case like this . very fast . nobody quite sure what to say for a moment . alice okay , I be make breakfast . ( stabbing out she : smoke - ~ ) anybody hungry ? Mr. fernandez ? fernandez smile . sure . he will eat . cuT to camp insanity . night . peter 's hut . rain still fall hard . a smoky little fire go in the corner . peter sit on he cot . linda kneel there , wrapping a steel chain around he ankle . juaco in the door . watch . ow 1 peter ask he . where do he think I be go to go ? juaco explode with a burst of fast , bad - mood Spanish . linda ( translate ) if he say you wear the chain , then this be how it go . juaco stare . like a challenge . fuck with I . peter ask he how long I be here for ? ( to juaco ) quanto tiempo ? para mis ? juaco spit . another burst of incomprehensible Spanish and he 's swagger off . linda lock the chain , as we -- cuT to banco telacca nationale . mr. santos , bank vice President , flipping through paperwork . alice , janis , and fernandez _ sit at he desk . heavy uniform security all over . santos you want to wire some money into telacca and you be request that we waive the normal forty day hold period . correct ? alice yes . santos nod . proud. bore . angry . not into gringos . santos who be this , c. H. gehrig ? alice that 's my father - in- law -- janis -- my father . this be from he bank in Galveston . in Texas . santos you have a choice on this form , two choice , this money be for investment purpose or for live expense . you have mark both ... alice we make a mistake . we cross - off iiving expense , it 's suppose to be investment , you can see here -- ( try to show - - ) janis -- we want to get another forn , but then , apparently , this be the last one available -- ( to fernandez ) -- tell he ... santos yes , I understand . ( fast Spanish to fernandez now - - ) ( maybe you should tell they it 's they country that bring this shit down on we roof . ) alice and janis completely lose now . spectator . fernandez ( I do not tell this two anything . ) santos ( say that we will do what we can , but explain . that there 's go to be a waiver charge -- you know what to say . ) alice leok , if you have another form , I would be happy to fill it out ... ua ao santos freezing she out . walk away with the document . janis what the hell be go on here ? : fernandez he can fix this up , okay ? but it require a commission . alice you mean like a bribe ? fernandez ( cooler now ) no. like a commission . alice and janis exchange a look , as we -- you will cuT to heathrow airport . duty free . who know what time it be ? the glitter consumer casino . terry walk through like he 's do a thousand and one time before . pamela right beside he . as they go , she spot something she want . she stop . motion for he to wait . just be a moment . it 's a bikini shop she 's just dash into . terry stand there as the traveller and shopper pass all around he . frozen there as the whole world wash by he . and there 's a sickness inside he that no one here can cure . a sickness that we alone can see . terry still stand there , even as we -- cur to telaccan currency . peso . small bill in unbound stack across a dining room table . hand try to stuff two stack into a plastic bag . force it . and the bag break and the bill go fly everywhere and -- janis ( 0s ) the scorpion dine room . six hundred thousand peso pile everywhere . janis stand there with the break bag and . the money all over < he floor . alice and fernandez across the table . they have be have trouble with this . janis this be ridiculous . fernandez maybe we use two bag ... fernandez with the bag . like he 's gonna make it work .. alice I try that already . alice and janis trading a look like , " what the fuck be we into here ? " fernandez ( where do you get this bag ? ) ( call into - - ) the live room raymo and nino -- he two deputy -- make themselves at home . shoulder holster and plenty of macho and the stink of trouble . raymo ( this be bullshit if you ask I . ) fernandez about to argue , when the doorbell ring -~ the room go dead quiet . — fernandez you have someone come ? alice shake she head no . fernandez unstrap he holster , as we -- cuT to alice open the front door . terry stand there . alice what be you do here ? terry I want to . apologize . alice I think you do that already . terry try to smile . this be gonna be tough . terry I want to talk to you about the case . alice that 's great , it 's just we be kind of in the middle of something here . janis ( behind she now - -) oomigod , it 's you ... terry hello , Janis ... alice what do you want ? terry I want to tell you how sorry I be about the way thing go . i and I understand how you mignt be | reluctant to hear I out , but ... | ( the both of they ) mo I want to offer my service . alice I think you hand be tie . terry they be . alice what about you company ? terry I would be do it - on my own . fernandez ( behind she ) sefora ... janis {over she shoulder ) it 's okay . terry can see fernandez and raymo behind she in the hall . terry what 's all this ? alice we be actually put together a payment , so ... terry what kind of payment ? alice for Peter . a good faith payment . terry good faith ? janis we be get a proof of life . terry really ... ( he 's feign amusement --) who put this together ? a mu fernandez have hear enough -- fernandez senora , I must insist -- right now -~ be not good for visitor . terry be this you guy ? alice nod . just sense now how mess - up this may be . terry move past she and she 's not stop he and -- we 're into the scorpion house -- terry in motion -- full forward -- terry -- hey , how you do ? -- ( hand out --) Terry thorne , nice to meet you ... fernandez be throw -- look to alice and janis and -- fernandez -- I be sorry , you can not -- we can not have people in here -- terry -- c‘ / mon , man , where 's all that good faith ? -- fernandez -- senora , please -- alice -- I say , it 's okay -- terry still smile , blow past raymo now .-- terry -~ what 's up ? que pasa ? how you do ? -- raymo baffle -- look to fernandez -- who be this guy ? -- spanish start to fly back and forth and -- janis -- no , really , it 's okay , this be what he do -- terry have reach sight of the live room and -- oo uw terry -- whoa , look at all the money -- ( - cand nino with he gun draw -- } -- sweet Jesus -- ( like he 's really surprised ) hey , there 's a guy in here with a gun -- fernandez rallying now , push past raymo and -- fernandez you -- ola ! -- ( see my holster ? ) you stop right there , okay ? terry hold up , just as -- alice ( see nino - - ) «--omigod ... ( to fernandez ) tell he to put that gun away ! fernandez wave at nino to lower the gun -- fernandez ~~ sefiora , please , okay ? -~ I have my job to do , okay ? janis we tell you we know he ! fernandez ignore she . stare hard at terry -- fernandez I ask you not to come in , okay ? this lady , okay , maybe they do not understand so good , but you , I think you understand , okay ? terry definitely . I definitely get it . fernandez you want to talk to this lady you come back later . terry when the money 's go . fernandez there you go . terry ( fast and loose ) see , here 's the thing -- ( to nino who ' 's very confuse -- ) -- and you guy , you be probably well - aware of all this -- ( to fernandez ) -- and I promise I will be brief . ( to raymo ) . good faith be for loser , okay ? ( to nino ) you do not buy proof of life . ( to fernandez ) you do not pack money in a client 's house unless it 's a emergency . and you sure as shit -- ( to nino ) -- and I think you know exactly what I be talk about , right ? -- ( quick back to fernandez - ~ ) -- you do not flash weapon around people you nre try to help . ( and the moment he say that --) nino be already collapse -- terry with a single , brutal 's kidney shot -- like a blur -- like it never happen -- terry just lift nino 's gun as he drop to he knee -- janis -- no ! -- alice -- omigod stop ! -- stop ! -- and it do . terry turn to see fernandez and raymo with they gun point right at he . with nino 's piece hang by he side he 's look mighty vulnerable . fernandez okay ; asshole , what be you gonna do now ? terry ( calm to Alice ) ask they to leave . alice what ? terry thank he for he trouble and tell they you want they to leave . NI 65 fernandez I ? you be tell I ? alice and terry -- eye lock -- stay cool -- alice you be take the case ? - terry yes. fernandez ( nino groan ) ( get up off the floor you pussy ! ) janis how much ? alice terry expense . fernandez wi ! ( dead silence ) okay , put the gun down or I blow you head off . mo terry nice and slow , drop the gun . and then ... alice Mr. fernandez , I would like you to leave . fernandez look over . this be funny . terry you hear the lady . fernandez I be not go anywhere . 's pressure drop . this just get very ugly . terry can I make a suggestion ? fernandez I would like to hear this . terry I think first off you want to take a deep breath , okay ? 66 terry all smile . so loose . terry then very slowly ... very nice and easy , = want you to turn around and meet a old friend of mine ... a new angle reveal dino in the hallway . perfectly position behind raymo and fernandez . hoid a shotgun . total ambush . dino now , gentleman , this be what I call good faith . fernandez and raymo lowering they weapon , as we -- cuT to a residential STREET . half hour later . down the hill from the scorpion house , there ' 's a half - ass guardhouse . sandro 's jeep racing past and -- _ inside the jeep sandro on a cell phone . eye scan as he drive and -~ sandro ~- I do not see nobody so far -- cuut to terry at the other end of the line ~- terry -- yeah , well , take one more pass around before you come up . ( hang up as - ~-) we pull back to reveal the scorpion house live room . the money 's be bag . trash sack line up near the door . dino with a drink , huddle over he cell phone . janis out on the patio and new she 's smoking . terry move -- into the kitchen . alice off in a corner . she 's cry and try to stop , which be only make it worse .. that throw a terry Alice ? be you okay ? alice I will be okay . terry sandro and dino , they be gonna take this dummy bag back into town . make it look good . we will keep the cash here . ( gently ) what I need to know be , be there any sort of plan -- be there any contact schedule , or ...? alice +- ehe have ... we do not ... there be nothing . we be just wait . ( find he ) I nave not , I have not cry since this start . it 's just -- the tension . finally , you just ... terry you have get to let it out . alice ( suddenly ) why be you do this ? he . he rally with a smile . terry nobody else be gonna take you case . nobody any good . alice I know , but you come back . terry and we be gonna do this my way , right ? even if it 's tough , right ? you nre gonna trust I . alice I be try to thank you for be here ... she 's overwhelm -- she 's on she foot -~ she 's embrace he -- she 's hold he and she 's weep and terry do not know what to feel or think or do with he hand or any of it , and there 's -- dino in the doorway . watch . a little smile and sip of he drink . nodding toward the door . sandro 's here . terry give he a look like , " hey , I be trap here . " cut to risk management london . night . havery through glass . a apoplectic tantrum in a sound - proofed office . two employee watch he pace and blather , and -- cur to camp insanity . Day . the sun fight its way through the valley haze . peter stripped to short and rubber boot be hang some wet clothes over a length of rope . alex vaguely guard he . kick a soccer ball . smoke a joint . all while juggling a load submachine gun . berto and linda bathing down at the stream . that insane - look mountain rise through the fog behind then . and juaco on the step of the cooking shack . smoke cheap brown cocaine paste -- basuco -- from a old homemade pipe . he be waste . suck down a filthy bowlful , as -- three rifle shot echo over the valley . peter -- all of they -- turn -- cara rush out of the cooking shack and -- juaco ( give I the gun . bring it ! ) ( weaving toward Alex with he hand out --) ( give I the fuck gun ! ) alex be reluctant but what can he do ? glancing at cara as he turn over the rifle . juaco aim skyward unsteadily , launching three answering shot , and then -~- juaco ( get the gringo back in the box . ) alex wander back to peter . waving for he to come on . peter quick grab he shit off the line . peter mi camisa , 2i cuchnara ... ( point to - - ) a oil drum full of water across the yard . Peter 's shirt be there . it 's not far . alex okay , okay , vamanos . peter start across the yard , when -- ajuuaco ( what do T fuck Tel ) you ? ) alex ( what ? he want he shirt ... ) juacco ( to Peter ) ( I give a order for you , you stinking faggot gringo then you do what I say ! you understand ! ) peter quiero mis camisa , mis cuchara ... juaco weaving toward peter with the rifle -- cara ( from behind he ) juaco , por favor ... juaco callate ! ( pack to Peter - - ) | peter have have it . stare back dagger . - peter you know what I have love ? ( mess with I ) five minute alone with you without that gun . juaco ( you do not tell to I , okay ! I tell to you ! ) peter I have take you whole fuck world apart without break a sweat . ( with a smile ) comprende ? juaco ( scream now ) ( I tell to you ! move , you fuck gringo faggot ! move ! now ! ) peter wi m i 's t cara be yell for they to stop -- linda and berto be jogging back from the stream -- alex just stand there , too stone to move fast and -- juaco ( wave the gun ) ( I say to move , asshole ! ) peter you point that fuck . thing at I one more time and <= do not care how badass you think you be , = will make you eat that goddamn rifle ! Zwant my shirt ! juaco snap -- the gun start fire -- bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! -- the oil drum -- the shirt -- slaughter -- water fly and -~- bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! -- the ground at Peter 's foot -- dirt fly and bullet ricechete -- bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! ' -- it 's just chaos for fifteen second until the clip be empty and suddenly -- silence . juaco stand there shaking . he look spend . peter have not move . that 's he big victory . and -- alex ( like a whimper ) ( -.- look , look what you do ... ) alex have be hit . his foot . he 's just realize it now -- drop to the ground -- stunne -~ one of the bullet must have ricochete -- and here come the blood -- cara duaco ! juaco turn to she . she yank the rifle from he hand . and then she slap he . hard . so alex be weep . linda and berto be run toward they . and juaco -- drunk as he be -~ be just start to realize the magnitude of this fuck - up and there 's peter stare at he , as we -- cuT to camp insanity . night. linda walk toward . Peter 's hut with a bowl . a tal platoon bivouack here , maybe a dozen soldier eat dinner around the yard , watch she -- cuT to peter 's hut . peter sit there , tend he little fire , as the door open . tense . linda hand he he dinner . linda '' you go . in the morning . with the soldier . peter where ? she do not answer . in she hand , he shirt , the one that cause all the problem . she throw it down . close the door tight behind she as she leave . peter wait . make sure she 's go . and then -- he 's get the shirt -- work at the collar . some secret thing tuck into the hem -- pull it out -- _ it 's the picture -- the picture of alice -- rag and wet and wear but she 's still there . he 's stare at it by the light of the fire . try not to cry , as we -- cuT to intercon restaurant . Breakfast . terry on he foot , rush to sign the check . alice have just come in -- terry who talk to they ? alice Janis answer the phone , = be in the shower . thank God Maria be there to translate ... terry take she arm . they be walk out fast -- cuT to telacca CITY . Day . a funky , old street . sandro ‘s jeep pull up before a cafe and -- cuT to inside the cafe . a dive . quiet this early . a couple people turn , as terry come stride through and -- cut to the cafe mens room . nasty and tight . terry kick open the stall door . straight to the toilet tank . feeling around the back of it . check quickly for booby - trap -- now pull off the lid , as we -- cuT to STREET outside the cafe . alice wait . and here come terry . cool and brisk . terry it 's good . ( piece of paper ) Radio frequency . Times to call . ( walk with I ) we be on for Friday night . _ CUT to a airplane hangar . night . a shitty little airfield on the outskirt of telacca city . terry's voice get any handy ? cuT to inside the hangar . dino 's hq . the room litter with hard - shell case and footlocker . a mini-warehouse . terry here load up on supplies . dino open he stash . gear spread on a fold table . dino somewhere ... ( digging around - - ) terry and I need a scramble phone . dino there 's one on the table ... wyatt flop in a beach chair . suck a beer . drunk . wyatt have not have a client die on I since ' 91 . and that be mexicsc forgodsake . terry ( the scramble phone ) Jesus , it 's ancient ... wyatt I have no idea Canadian could be so bloody emotional . keen away like a bunch of bloody brazilian . dino what be it , heart attack ? wyatt massive . massive coronary . terry dino ... ( amaze ) this be my old funny phone . dino ah , yes , back when life in telacca be oh , so simple . wyatt twenty - five thousand for the body . they have no clue what a bargain that be . ( down he beer ) well , I be well out of it , I will tell you that . dino okay , here 's the handy ... ( radio from a box - -) wyatt you poor bastard be in for it down here . this place , I ’1ll tell you , it 's take on a decidedly hinky - dinky - stinky feel to it . terry you ' will be back , wy , you ' will see . wyatt no , I be afraid not , mate . I be out of the business . I be retire . dino get over it , man . you be gonna wake up on a job in the Philippines and not even xnow how you get there . wyatt snort . open another beer . dino look for something in the box . terry still mess with the scramble phone . and off this weird little tableau , we -~- cuT to a mountain pass . day. peter and the platoon march down . a couple mule hold the whole thing together . it 's beautiful and terrifying . suddenly -- the SOUND of helicopter from the distance -- the platoon diving -- scramble for cover in the treeline . mule pull into che deep shadow and -- peter nos face push down into the dirt and -- helicopter gunship -- three of they -- blit in low over the jungle treeline -- banking directly overhead and then turn and circle away as we begin to hear -- the voice . the radio voice of Peter 's captor . a harsh and distinctive voice . and we will not need the subtitles yet , because he fury be clear - voice / radio ( " what kind of bullshit game do you think this be here , anyway ? that we be stupid about this ? that we nre not serious ? because I tell you ... " ) ( continue , as we --) cuT to ' the scorpion house . night . a study off the live room . terry have set up the communication gear in here . like a radio station . transmitter . recorder . micropnone . eliodoro be they voice . terry coach . noricia and janis shotgun . alice pace . all listen to -- voice / radio ( " ... if you think this be how thing be do it 's clear you be not serious people and that this can only be a waste of we time . " ) eliodoro press Dead silence . eliodoro ( quiet translation ) -- he 's angry -- he 's ask , do we think he 's stupid ? -- terry tell he that the people he speak with before do not represent the family . tell he that the family want to do this in a way that 's good for everybody . so that nobody feel stupid . voice / radio ( " we have a arrangement and you pull this bullshit with we . forget it . where 's the family ? put the family on to talk . " ) eliodoro -- he say -- the family -- put the family on -- terry tell he forget it . tell he we speak for the family . ( eliodoro hesitates ) De be . eliodoro ( about the family , we speak for they so it 's not possible . none of the family have Spanish anyway , so , it 's not good at all . ) there 's a pause in the airwave . and then -- voice / radio ( in_english ) " you be go to put he wife on the radio or we be go to forget the whole fuck thing . " terry who be this ? what 's you name ? voice / radio the button and spit this back in terry catch a look at alice in the doorway . Spanish . terry take the microphone from eliodoro . on terry ! tio . you call I , tic , okay ? i ( flat out ) ' you be not set all the rule '' here . we have to work together : to get this go . and we want i to work with you . but we need a l proof of life and we be not go to pay for it . if there 's good ! faith , it can start with that . voice / radio " so you , tio ? be you the one in charge here now ? " terry that 's right . voice / radio '' then you 'il ] be the one with this man 's blood on you hand . " and the transmission end . static double . janis omigod . alice he 's go ? terry turn off the radio . all of they stare . terry get use to it . this be how it 's do . janis escape into the other room . like she 's sick . eliodoro go after she with noricia . alice and terry leave here alone . terry I say you have have to trust I . alice I be work on it . cut to canon verde . tucked in the highland , a small guerilla encampment . a river cut hard against a stone plateau that frame one side . behind we , the foothills of that big volcanic mountain that form the cordillera . jungle cover across the bottomland hide the tarp shed and out - building tuck here and shere . there 's a peasant farm terrace up to the West . the valley open <o the South where the cloud sit much of ‘he time . maybe that sound pretty . now add mud and shit and stray @og . add thick camp smoke that hang over everything . add twenty or thirty teenage soldier . the camera find the platoon slogging into camp . peter limping . he 's weak . the beard be heavy by now . but he 's still go . march across a swampy open yard . try hard to take it all in . there 's news from the platoon and people be come from the wood yell to one another and -- cur to a.mud shack . peter enter . crouch through the door . two soldier just outside -- mono and rambo . mono ( you stay here . there 's food come later . you understand ? ) peter nod . and a mildew piece of canvas fall down over the door . and now this be home . it 's small , but dry . crumble adobe wall . a thatched roof . straw bedding scattered in the corner . peter pull off he boot . blood everywhere . his foot be just rag . and now that he 's sit down , he can - parely keep he eye open , already drift , as we -- time CUT to the mud shack . night. peter asleep . as we leave he . but the door 's open now . campfire burn in the yard . shadows eat . . Music from a radio in the distance . peter open he eye suddenly . disorient . jumping back -~- there 's someone there -- kezler -- do not. ( nand to Peter 's mouth - — ) shhh .... quiet , jah ? whisper . ( Peter nodd , heart pound - -) you come today from the mountain . ( more ) kezler ( cont ) ( hushed and fast } I be kezler . erich kezler . kezler be fifty . look older . matted white beard . bad tooth . he 's a german missionary . another hostage . peter peter. Peter gehrig . kezler kezler . you know this name ? something perhaps . my situation . ( hopeful ) some news , jah ? something . peter no . i. do not know ... ( confuse ) you nre a hostage too ? kezler blink away he disappointment . kezler there be a italian at the farn . up the hill . he come a week ago . he 's you friend ? peter no . no , I be take alone . kezler he be sick . I hear they talk . peter what kind of camp be this ? kezler it be once for only drug . to make cocaine at the river . now from the fight , it 's all the soldier . and we . peter how long have you be here ? sound from outside . too close . kezler with he hand up for silence . he 's gonna have to go . really quiet now -- kezler you need soap for you foot . maybe tomorrow . we / will see. ( at the door - - ) they think I be crazy . peter how 1 have you be here ? kezler nineteen month . and he 's go . into the dark . like a dream . peter leave there with he bloody foot and the rest , and we -- cuT to a name plate : dover mcloon -- assistant to the deputy chief of mission . dover ( 0s ) ..- it 's a open visa , so you be clear from we end ... dover 's office . U.S. embassy tellaca CITY . Bright and tight . requisite photo and emblem . dover be a foreign service lifer . terry , alice , and janis , the recipient of this visa , all in attendance . it 's a bullshit meeting . dover ..- and , as you may know , the tal have a political office in Mexico and we have lodge a formal protest . terry well , that 's great then , dover. ( stand - - ) and thank you . for the visa . terry want this over . so do dover . alice and janis a beat behind the farewell . there 's a moment of awkward stand and shaking of hand goodbye , and then -- the window rattle suddenly for a second . and there 's a muffle thud . car alarm -- dozen of they -- all go off like mad -- janis what be that ? terry that be a bomb . dover already at the window -- he phone ringing and -- cuT to NY uw ° the embassy parking lot . moment iater . terry lead alice and canis out of the building . they be look for the jeep , but it 's chaotic out here . the bomb must have be on the street just past here . there 's a lot of dust and smoke just clear now and the car alarm all go wild and embassy marine run in and -- for es . but alice hesitates , stare back toward the bomb site . because the dust be finally fall away and now you can see it through the fence , or what 's leave of the fence . and it 's horrible . . terry Alice ... she turn back . he ' 's there take she arm . turn she away from it . walk she toward the Jeep , and -- cut to inside the jeep . terry unlock the door -- janis in back -- alice up front -- terry about to get behind the wheel , when he stop -- a envelope -- there -- on the seat -- terry grab it -- alice what be that ? terry ignore she -- tucking it beside he -- hustling to start the engine -- janis : what ? what be it ? Terry ? terry all business . he can not get out of here fast enough . alice what .are you do ? open it . terry not here . cuot to intercon lobby . Minutes later . terry , alice and janis walk through quickly -- cur to NY ua : terry intercon suite . as he , alice , and canis come through the door . it 's live - in but tidy . a office set up in the live room . deck of card . but decor be hardly on anyone 's mind rignt now . terry ( move , point ) sit down . both of you . terry open he desk drawer . a little tool kit . alice can we just ..? terry sit down . they do . carefully -- with a handkerchief -- he 's pull the envelope from he pocket -- smell it -- terry normally , I have try to see this first . on my own , right ? now -- with a knife -- he 's open it -- two piece of paper fall out onto the desk -- janis be it a proof of life ? terry check it out -- alice how do they get it in the car ? terry listen to I . listen good . ( he stand ) you never get a pretty picture , okay ? this be mean to shake you up . you understand ? they nod . teo nervous to argue . terry 's reluctant , but hand it over and -- insert -- the proof of life photo -- peter crouch beside a tent . in he hand , a copy of la verdad , a local newspaper . one eye be swollen . he look sick . alice oh , Jesus ... terry what do I just tell you ? of will alice «+. know , but ... janis ( look up --} what nre you do ? a terry -- in the corner be stack of local newspaper and magazine -- rifling they quickly , try to find -- terry here we go . this be it , right ? ( match the headline - -) that he 's hold ? janis what do you do ? you save all this papers ? terry this be last Tuesday . so three day to get it up there . Three day back . ( surprised ) he 's not that far away . alice the letter ? be it from Peter ? terry it 's new radio frequency and time ... some bullshit threat . janis read it . terry look , this be good news , okay ? this be what we want . janis silent . alice stare at the photo , as we -- cuT to peter -~ crouch by that tent -- hold that newspaper -- he eye swollen -- look sick -- flash ! we / re in canon verde . a tal officer with the camera . a couple soldier stand around . ! | | i a uw officer ( take he rack . ) cur to the yard . Minute later . peter limping really badly now . he be sick . rambo reluctantly help he through the mud . and here come -- kezler ( wave a Bible - - ) ( in the name of God , leave this man to I ! enough of this ! let he come with I ! let he go ! ) rambo ( get the hell out of here , before I do something about you . ) kezler ( he 's sick ! look at he foot . the man need help . let Jesus heal he ! let Jesus work ! ) rambo about to jump ugly , when -- the officer ( let he take he ! ) | ( back by the tent ) ( do not worry , one can not walk and the other can not think . ) peter and kezler stumbling off across the yard , as we -- cuT to telacca CITY airport . night . terry and alice walk janis to she departure gate . . terry no lawyer . no interview . no publicity . promise , I , Janis . janis I have get to say something . terry ask for money . janis stop . they be near the gate . janis how much ? terry five -nundre thousand . janis Jesus . terry that 's my gut . that 's what well shoot for . ( she look daze ) fly safe . we /’1ll talk . terry . give she a quick farewell peck on the cheek and back away . alice and janis all alone now . janis it 's a lot of money . ( ugly pause ) that 's all of Peter 's inheritance and then some . I have get four college tuition come up in the next five year . you know that . alice it 's you brother , Janis . get the money . janis nod . shame . alice all strength and forgiveness . open she arm , pull janis toward she . as we begin to hear -- a bell clanging -- louder and louder , as we -- cuT to the mud shack . Dawn . the bell hammering away outside on the yard . peter waking up . disorient . look across the little room to the shadow -- kezler ( one eye open ) they nre go out . the bell . they go out to fight . peter slip back the canvas door and -- on the yard soldier scramble . telaccan fire drill . guy run and weapon clatter . all with surprising speed and competence . the bell still go as the soldier muster on the yard , and we -~- . cuT to 85 scorpion house pantry . Midnight . maria in a nightgown . drink coffee . talk on the phone . cinta in the 8g , watch a soap opera . cuT to the radio room . terry shutting off the light . close down shop for the night . cuT to the patio . alice at the table with a couple candy and a cigarette . still some wine in the bottle . watch terry come out around the pool . alice still no word ? terry we will try again tomorrow night . terry sit . find she cigarettes on the table . alice I have never see you smoke . terry I smoke when I play card - alice I do not know we be play . terry I be make a exception . alice you know so much about I and I know almost nothing about you . it 's very unfair . terry what do you want to know ? alice dino tell I you have be marry . terry that 's no secret . what else do he tell you ? alice that you have a nineteen - year - old son . terry be you shocked ? alice yes . terry think how I feel . alice what 's he like ? terry what 's he like ? he 's great . you have like he . he love to eat . he 's a big talker . very sweet . very smart . I look at he , all do out , and I think , God , he 's still a boy in there . and then I realize that he 's older now than I be when I meet hin . alice and he 's a soldier like he dad . terry no , no , no . he 's a pilot . alice and he mother ? terry now there 's the soldier . alice so what happen ? terry I go out the window , she go out the door . - alice do you love she ? terry we be very young . alice be that a yes or a no ? terry be that my only two choice ? alice and you never remarry ? terry she do . she 's on number four . alice my god. terry think I be kid , right ? she 's a bloody gladiator . alice but not you . terry I take up the veil . alice not even close ? terry I guess not . alice confirm bachelor . terry please . man of the world . ( pause ) you start move like this , you get a rhythm . . it take over . you wake up to it . stay away too long , you forget what you be try to get back to . alice you never stop ? you never look around ? he hesitates . and do not forget the candlelight . : terry sometimes I do . sometimes for can not help it . } current between they . something in the way he say it . something maybe she want to hear . it 's low voltage , but. current . recognition . fear . terry we / will try again tomorrow . alice yeah . 38 terry stand . sorusn off . and leave she there . leave she with the candle and she confusicn. , as we -- cuT to canon verde . Day . peter and kezler crouch in a lean - to , stare out through hard rain . guerilla soldier return from battle . carry piece of a down army helicopter , like ant from the picnic . as we begin to hear -- '' terry / radio . " , , . because he 's a aid worker . this be not a businessman . this be a work family . this guy ... " ( continue , as we -- } cuT to scorpion radio room . night . terry at the microphone . all the equipment hum . alice pace in and out -- terry «.ethis guy be here to build a dam . you be talike about number we could never put together , so you tell I who 's waste time . " voice / radio " oh , come on with this . like this be a game . we be say concrete thing and you be have we suck cock here with this bullshit . " we're into a sequence here -- if there 's music ~-- and there should be -- it should start now . something that throbs . something tense and simple . something that mix with the static and the bleed - in of live sound and the overlap snippet of radio negotiation we be go to sample here . 's and that 's what this should be like , less mtiontage than sample . bit and piece of a dozen conversation here . into the tunnel , as we -- cor to telacca CITY downtown . the jeep pull over in traffic . alice out first , terry right behind she . shield they eye , look up at -- no 's voice / radio " ... what you be propose , = can not take this pack to anyone , it 's not even a base to start from ... '' the gem -carbon build . except there 's a crane angle up there . a new sign go up . this one say : ox0 . cur to canon verde . night . peter and kezler eat fishhead and gruel . grimly make the best of it . voice / radio " , ..nello , tio ... " terry / radio voice / radio '' ... I be gonna move to two ... " " ... repeat , repeat ... " cuT to radio room . it 's hot tonight . terry stripped down to a singlet . eliodoro in from the pool . alice in short and -- voice / radio " , , . because we keep move from the issue here . I keep tell you , the maintenance alone for this product be very high . " alice can not help but study Terry 's back -- he shoulder ~~ he skin soak with perspiration ~-- the old scar that landscape he body -- look away quickly -- almost catch as eliodoro turn around -- terry Marco , look , you keep talk as if this be a company . there be no company . there 's no insurance . there 's no one here but the family . cinta come in with beer . nervously set they out . voice / radio " this family be bullshit , okay ? they need to start think harder , because we ‘’re get nowhere with this shit you be put out . " cinta back out -- spilling one of the beer and -- cuT to nw 30 airport gate . Day . wyatt be waste . terry and cino all but carry he to he flight out . terry / radio " ... I be move to two . be you there ? Marco , do you copy ? " voice / radio terry / radio " ... wefre do with this ... " " ... peso not dollar ... " cuT to canon verde . peter and kezler sit by a campfire . kezler peer down at Peter 's photograph of Alice . voice / radio '' ...he 's lose faith in the family and the wife and this whole thing . we try to say how this be go , but it 's very bad for he now ... " cuT to the country club patio . alice walk through , freeze by . something she see -- terry / radio " . , .. because this people , they be go to they friend for this money . they be try to borrow the money ... " fellner , jerry and ivy , dover . mcloon and several fresh -face 0xo execs all laugh over lunch . voice / radio " ... this be so much pullsnit for one night , i be tell you . I be say now , let 's just fuck it ... " alice burn as she watch they and -- cut to the radio room . another night . alice and maria and -- terry ... we need a new proof of life . we need something to show this friend , so we can get this over with . do you copy ? ‘o rar voice / radio " yes , I copy . I think maybe we just put a bullet in he nead and sell you the body , okay ? you think we will not do this ? for what you be offer ? tell the family , they can buy he bone . " alice jump up . pain . terry find she with he eye . we be cool . do not freak out . she hold he gaze , as we -- cuT to canon verde . peter come back from the latrine at the edge of the jungle . Soldiers all play soccer on the yard . there 's a table strewn with they belonging -- voice / radio " , ..s0 this offer , this be nothing from where we be . another fifty change nothing for we ... a map -- on the table -- peter lift it as he pass -- down into he pants as he hobble along -- terry / radio ' voice / radio " . , . proof of life ... " '' ... nave to do better ... " cuT to scorpion patio . night . a dinner party . alice , terry , dino , eliodoro , noricia , sandro , one or two face we do not recognize -- lot of wine and amazing food -- trouble on hold for now , everyone talk all at once and -- terry / radio " ... go back and forth over the same issue here ... " : voice / radio " , ..y , go ahead , tio . you have a better offer for we tonight ?... " dino watch terry and alice . watch they laugh at something . some private moment . how they look at each ether . mighty tense . mighty cozy . terry / radio " , ...look , if we be close at three hundred , let 's get a new proof of life and get on with it ... " 32 the power -=- the iights in the house -- flicker for a moment -- then fail -- then flicker back on -- this | a regular occurrence judge by they reaction -- '' voice / radio : " , , .to you best offer , because ! the communication with ny friend be very complicated now ... " terry / radio voice / radio " , ...amother twenty -five ... " '' ... Marco , do you copy ?... " cuT to alice alone in bed -- stare at the ceiling fan and -- terry / radio '' ... I ' be not , I be get too much interference ... " voice / radio " , ..0r else let 's move to the ... " cuT to : canon verde . Day . peter and kezler crouch at the shack door . soldier -- fifty -- maybe more -- pour into camp from the mountain . terry / radio " ... Marco , do you copy ? this be tio. Marco , do you copy ?... " peter -~ suddenly -- something catch he eye -- terry / radio " , .. come in , Marco . do you copy ? this be tio . do you copy ?... " juaco slogging into camp . no gun for he , he 's be relegate to wrangle the mule . terry / radio " ... Marco , do you copy , come in ... " juaco turn -- we see he find peter -~ that sick little smile blossoming -- point a finger as pass -- band . terry / radio " ...d0 you copy ?... do you copy ?.. " ( echoing away , as we --) NY cuT to the mud shack . night . the music have stop . peter in the dark with kezler -- whisper urgently -- peter I have get a map . we / be not far from the pipeline . if we could get to the river , we have have a chance . kezler pieter ... peter I have rather die run . cuT to terry suite . night . a phone ringing . terry up from he desk to answer it -- intercut with alice at the other end . Close - up to start . we be not sure . where she be just yet . alice it 's I . hey . terry hey . alice Maria never show at the house . ( breathless , upset ) sandro , there be another bombing , there 's a curfew in he neighborhood . noricia and doro be go for the weekend -- the phone -- I have be try -- everything 's jamme up ... terry be cinta there with you ? alice I be not there . I leave . I get completely freak , and I -- terry where be you ? 2 0 - the lobby . empty this late . alice on the house phone . alice I be here . I be downstairs . terry / phone okay , give I a minute , I ’1ll be right down . alice ferget it . I be come up . she hang up . head for the elevator , as we -- cur to terry suite . and he be ratty . she 's come up . what be that ? the room 's a mess . he 's a mess . what can he do ? what do this mean ? all of that at once , and then -- the light flicker . and then they go dead . terry great . cur to the HOTEL corridor . it be dark . one lame emergency light flutter down the hall . terry come through with a flashlight -- where be she ? terry -- Alice -- Alice -- alice ( 0s ) ( faintly ) -- Terry -- here -- I be stick -- terry jogging to the elevator bank -- she 's inside -- the door open just a inch or two -= - stick like that -- terry ( through the crack ) be you okay ? alice I can not see a thing . terry hang on . NY with uw he brace nimself against the frame -- hand wedge in the gap -- push with everything not an get and it 's tough but it 's move -- bear down until there 's just enough room for she to squeeze up and through and -- alice ( she 's out ) God , what a night ... terry the whole city 's dark . alice I could not stay there . terry you drive in on you own ? she do not answer . none of it make any difference now . because she 's reach for he . kiss he . just like that . starve for this . both of they . everything . everything all at once . so much pent - up tension . to just have skin . just that . to be _ here . with she . with he . the flashlight play wildly over the wall as Terry 's hand rush to make sense of she body -- the light fall to the floor -~- wedge there , shine up at they through the dark . all of that , as we -- cuT to motion -- sunlight -- peter -- kezler -- run like mad through the jungle -- escape ! -- dog barking -- soldier voice behind they in the distance and -- cuT to soldier in pursuit -- a blur -- weapon -- face -- cut to peter -- kezler -- downhill now -- a path -- faster now -- total adrenaline -- suddenly -- altrip wire ! peter -~ already fall -- hard -- but more than fall -- something worse -- he leg -- there 's blood and -- kezler ( rush to he ) -- pieter ...vas be ? -- peter be screw -- God know what he 's break from the fall , but there a stake -- a booby - trap spear -- impale in he calf -- he 's roll on the ground in pain -- kezler -- pieter -~ get up -- come -- ( try to help --) peter '' - you gotta go -- ( through the pain ) we agree ! go! ( but kezler 's not move - -) go goddamit , go ! kezler -- up -- off -- run now -- disappear down toward the river and -- cuT to sjuaco -- run -- possess -- gun in hand -- wild with chase -- crash through the brush and -- then he stop . peter on the ground . in the path . Rolling in pain . guaacco with that asshole smile -- raise the gun like a executioner and -- cur to rio caya -- the river -- fast water below -- kezler on a ledge about to jump -- a burst of gunfire up the hill -~- kezler turn back -- realize -- omigod , they have shot Peter ! -- stall for a moment by this and -- mistake ! two soldier -- the ridge above -~ firing ! -- blam ! -~- blam ! -- and -- kezler -- hit ! -- he shoulder -- blood spattering back against the stone -- fall -- jump -- out over the water -- disappear into the foam and current , as we -- cur to terry intercon suite . Morning . terry asleep in bed . alice across the room in a chair by the desk . her hair be wet and comb out . we feei she 's be sit nere for some time . Peter 's file spread before she on Terry 's desk . Peter 's face stare back . that picture of the two of they on the tennis court . her emotion on the brink of calamity . guilt and fear and all the rest . terry open he eye . find she there . alice you be a gocd sleeper . ( a brave little snile - -) I take a shower . I have be try not to wake you . terry the power 's back on ? alice yup . guilty silence . more than enough to go around . terry be you okay ? alice I do not know . what happen now ? terry I do not know . alice you have never do this before ? terry no. ( pause ) sort of the cardinal sin . alice so I guess we be break al ] the yule then , right ? ( a nervous laugh , then before he can respond - - ) I be try to think if we ‘’d just meet . if it be not like this . if it be just , I do not know ... she do . - terry somewhere else . alice what would that have be like ? if I be just in my life and you come through . ( absurd ) like we could know that , right ? ( put she need to talk - -) this be just so not like ny life , that 's all . nothing that 's happen be like my life anymore . so I be a little lose here ... maybe for you it 's not that confusing . . I mean , this be you life , right ? terry be that what you think ? alice Neo . I do not know . ( new quick to correct that --) and I do not -=- I be not say , oh , I be so stress out , or I be drunk , or it be late or anything to --. I be not try to let myself off the hook . because this be I . I know that . you never would have make a pass at I . I know that . so obviously , I be - - ( stumbling ) the idea be I could clarify thing . I know how that sound with I sit here like this but ... ( brave again ) what be it ? want something bad enough you will talk yourself into anything , right ? terry Alice , look at I . alice I think about peter. ( silence ) I can not help it . where be he right now ? terry you be not hurt Peter . that 's not what be do . she nod . try to get with that for a moment . desperate for solid ground . alice I be look for a blow dryer . ( she wet hair ~ -) terry they can send one up . she nod . look away . terry strand there . so much he would like to say . all that bridge burn around he , as we -- cuT to intercon swimming pool . Day . terry underwater go the length of the pool . come up , and there 's -- dino you better get out . terry what 's up ? dino kezler . the german . terry the missionary ? dino he come out last night . terry what ? . he see Peter ? dino he 's be with he . they make a run for it . ( beat ) do not sound good . terry hang there . dripping . tripping . cuT to ne scorpion house driveway . terry lead alice and maria out of the house . they know . alice look completely daze . sunglass over red eye . maria too , nas be cry . bolster alice as they walk toward the jeep . terry open the door . alice do not even look at he as she climb in the back . maria will join she there . terry close the door . come around the driver 's side . he / will chauffeur . God , this suck . cur to a safe house . Day . near the airport . overgrown and out of the way . the Jeep park here and -- cur to safe house bedroom . shade draw . kezler be bandage and bruise . hook to a iv unit . alice be seat beside he . he 's hoarse , he voice thick and quiet . she be shattered . sob . a nurse off in the corner . kezler .-- for the meal , some night we could eat together . but the food , it 's just to keep you alive . just rice or sardine . maybe for week the same thing . but Peter would say , '' tonight , Alice have make for we ... " -= and he would have this menu , from he memory , you know , describe this feast that we be eat . so many wonderful dinner I have have at you table . {like a memory ) bouillabaisse and lentil salad and cold muscadet ... ( she want he to stop , she hand move the he mouth , wee ) listen to I , Alice ... ( like medicine ) he find a love for you inside he that make sense of everything that have happen . he love you more with every day . she 's nodd . weeping . just lose here . completely . cuT to nw safe house driveway . same time . terry and dino alone . terry mighty work up . dino be tense . terry this be bullshit , dino . he do not see the body . he do not see shit ! dino he sound pretty sure about it . terry I do not buy it . work that hard on a deal and then kill the hostage ? dino when be you last radio contact ? a week ago ? two week ago ? ( gotcha ) maybe there be no more deal . maybe it 's all come apart . terry and maybe he 's alive . dino yeah , well , here 's what 's for sure . my guy 's still up there . and they do not know kezler make it out . nobody do . he know every inch of that camp and he 's willing to help . this have gotta stay quiet . she 's gotta know that . terry what nre you do , dino ? ( new problem ) you be not think about go up there ... dino shit , man , that 's all I be do be think ! sitting around like this , wait for the goddam phone to ring ? what the hell else be I gonna do ? terry turn . alice out into the sun . simply shattered . terry {sotto to dino ) you talk to I before you do anything . you get that ? dino nod . terry pull he car key , as we -- ray be NW 102 cuT to scorpion house . half hour later . terry and alice have just come in . already deep into ugly territory -- terry -~ because we do not know for sure and until we do , until we be sure , it 's get stay in play -- alice -- you think he make it up ? -- terry ~~ he do not see it -- alice ( so mucn pain ) -- why be vou do this ? -- terry Alice , look at I ... ( force she ) I have be at this for twelve year . in all that time -- all that case -- I have see it happen twice . you do not kill a hostage before the pay-off ! ( look at I ) he 's worth half - a-million dollar to they and they know it ! alice and if you nre wrong ? what happen then ? what be we suppose to do ? ( she want to escape - -) he grab she . pull she around . face-to-face . : terry I be try as hard as I can to keep it together here . and stay professional . stay on the protocol . I be try to do what I be suppose to do . and until I be sure -- till I know he 's dead -- I be look to close this deal . she pull away . running up the stair and -- cuT to 203 scorpion pantry . a minute later . terry enter to find maria and sandro try to calm down cinta . they be all grieve , but the girl seem nearly hysterical . terry what 's go on ? maria she 's very upset . terry I can see that . be she okay ? sandro about to answer , when maria blister he with a look . cinta keep sobbing . maria she 's a young girl . terry cinta ? sandro ( to Maria ) ( he 's too smart for this shit . ) maria ( get out of my kitchen , go ! ) sandro ( tell he what you tell I . ) terry may not understand the quick local Spanish , but the vibe be clear . turn to maria and -- maria I tell you . she 's a young girl . she can not be in this . ( protective ) she 's have enough trouble . . terry what kind of trouble ? maria in pain to share this . just plain fear . maria this voice . from the radio . she think maybe she know this man . terry on the radio ? Marco ? cinta whisper frighten Spanish to maria . 104 maria she think maybe she mother do laundry in this man 's house . terry have she ... ( go direct ) cinta , por favor ... ( to Maria ) tell she , yes . tell she I ’1ll keep she out of it . and she mother . tell she . maria pass it on , as we -- cur to. motion -- peter roll on the ground -- he leg -- blood -- the booby - trap spear -- we be in the jungle -- we be back at the escape -- kezler have run off to the river and -- cur to juaco -~ run -- possess -- gun in hand -- wild with chase -- crash through the brush and -- then he stop . peter on the ground . in the path . Rolling in pain . juaco with that asshole smile -- raise the gun like a executioner , when -- a burst of gunfire explode behind he and -~ the camera whip to find a rebel officer t ( machine gun in hand - ~) El representa dinero ! _ more soldier rush in behind they , and then -- blam ! -- blam ! -- shot ringing out from the distance and -- voice ( from the river ) lo. mato ! lo mato ! the chase be over . they have get Peter . they think kezler be dead . peter realize all hope be go , as we -- cur to NY 205 country club patio . crowd for lunch . terry strolling through . all very posh and reactionary . golfer and woman all do up and a heaithy scatter of uniform . terry stop at a table . sit . fred look up . Fred the dancer . Fred from the ballroom . terry how you do ? fred ( Excuse I . do I know you ? ) terry here 's what we will do . I / x11 be tio. you be Marco . fred ( look , I be sorry , my friend , put I do not speak English . ) terry smile . cheery . pull something from he pocket . place it on the table . a cassette tape . terry that 's a tape of my friend Marco . fred ( I be sorry , but this be not ... ) terry maybe I will play it for some of you military friend here . see what they make of it . ( that smile ) and if you think I be in the mood to fuck about , you be in the wrong line of work . . fred with no card . he 's fold . fred ( all English now ) so what be we talk about ? terry be he alive ? fred he try to escape . he be hurt . he 's alive . terry be he with the italian ? NI 106 fred be stunne . affirmation in he silence . fred how do you find I ? terry that ' 's the least of you problem . fred it 's not up to I . I be just a voice . I be nothing in this . ( quiet panic ) instruction come , I spit they back . that ' 's all this be . terry what happen to we deal ? fred flipping out -- other cable so close -- fred listen to I , I do not kidnap this people . I never see they . I be no different than you . we do the same thing . we talk for money . someone else decide . it 's the same thing . terry I want he back . fred it 's too late . ( truth in nis fear ) they could not get nim down now anyway . there 's not even radio now . if it 's war , it 's not worth the danger . the money 's not worth it . they do not care any more . terry ( relentless ) we be gonna close this deal right here , right now . fred stare at he . do not you get it ? fred you think oxo be just buy the pipeline ? no . they be buy the marcos . they be buy the army . we be fight for we life . ( beat ) there be no more deal . lo7 grim silence . terry slide the tape over . terry you say one word to anybody and I all know about it . I win ‘’* have to mess you up . you friend 's 11 do it for I terry walk . fred leave there in shock , as we -- cuT to terry in the jeep . Minutes later . driving fast and -- terry ( car phone ) dino . where be you ? ( pause ) '' because my project be alive . ( pause ) not on this phone . where ? cur to the shitty little airfield . Day . three telaccan merc look up from a domino board as terry's jeep pull in sharply alongside the building . cut to inside the hangar . dino 's hq. map -- half a dozen -~ tape to the wall . terry and dino stand at a cheap fold table , poring over the biggest map of all -- dino here 's the camp . right here . ( point it all out as we go - -) he say they call it cafon Verde . here / 's the river . terry Rio caya ... dino this valley , the big one below . it 's very active . every time the Army move through here there 's a skirmish . this be March ... May ... June ... nu the map -- battle -- river -- camp -- it 's all there -- | | 198 | { | dino | kezler say they have muster up every | couple week , the whole camp would i run out *o fight . ' terry for what ? dino the tal have unit all the way from the highland down to the barrios outside the city . if they get in trouble ... terry that ' 's the best way back to the mountain . dino exactly . so this camp . that 's they mission . they gotta keep the back door open . terry where 's the pipeline ? dino right there . Fifteen click down the river . terry so what 's you plan ? dino my plan ? right now ? fly in . get shot at . get my guy kill . limp home in disgrace . quit the business . J have no fuck plan . terry lose in the map . all over it . terry what you want to do , you get a battle go down here . drain the camp . come while they be march . Drop in from behind . dino that 's great , Terry , so let 's call the Army and schedule a battle . '' how 's Wednesday around three ? that good for you ? " terry you have pilot ? dino that ' 's easy . terry we have want two bird . a big ioud ene and real quick quiet one . dino what be you , in love with this woman ? be that it ? ( silence ) because if we be run opticn here , I mean , hell , let 's go all the way . we go in -- it 's you raid -- he die and you come back . bad . 8 ) you die . he come back . bad . ©) you both die . bad . ( incredulous ) what be you hold cut hope for ? you save she husband she ’1ll see the light and run off with you ? terry what 's in it for you ? dino hey , man . I want out . I be look to cash in . I want my own thing . I pull this off , I mean , this be the stuff of legend . you can sell that . so do not get I wrong , I have love to go out on a winner here , but come on ... ( the map ) this be completely fuck . a beat . both of they stare at the map . terry so we nre on then ? cuT to a corporate hallway . in transition . box . file . and alice sit there . look up as -- fellner Alice , I be so sorry to keep you wait . nothing 's quite work ( more ) fellner ( cont ) .here yet . ( so tender ) how be vou ? alice you can skip the bullshit , Ted . I think we be past that . fellner quickly tuning to this more complex frequency . fellner okay . alice they want a million dollar for Peter . they will not move . we do not have it . fellner it 's a lot of money . alice if I give you information that be critical in protect the pipeline would oxo step up and do the right thing ? fellner what kind of information ? alice shoulder she bag . forget it . she 's leave . fellner Alice , wait . ( she stop ) you think I do not get up every morning and think about Peter . I have have a dozen meeting with the transition team about the whole situation and how wrong it be ... ( dewy here ) I be not sure what we nre talk about , but you give I something to work with and maybe I can push this the last mile . alice try to read he . what to risk ? alice the tal be gonna go after the pipeline tomorrow . I know where . do you step up for Peter , or not ? nw sae Big news . hanging there . fellner how could you know that ? alice pull a envelope from she bag . hand it to he . he glance at it quickly -- fellner who the hell be erich kezler ? cur to the hangar hq . empty and forlorn . terry mess with a assault rifle . strip it . check it . something he 's do a million time before . alice sit there watch he . listen to the metallic sound . see a side of he she 's only imagine . finally , he stop -- terry what the hell 's he do ? ( check he watch ) I be give he five more minute . alice I have never see you nervous . terry yes you have . — dino you _must nve do a helluva ob . ( there he be , smile in the doorway - ~ ) I have just have a urgent phone call from we friend dover mcloon at the embassy . ( bingo ) be it true what he 's be hearing about a rebel offensive ? terry they bit ? dino it 's on . they track down kezler in Hamburg . he laid it on thick . ( back out --) I gotta call the boy . we gotta get prepped -- like now -- like three minute ... dino racing off . terry and alice alone again . terry sandro can come and pick you up . alice I can take a cab . terry do not. ( beat ) I do not want to worry about that too . alice nod . this just awful silence . and then -- he reach for she . and she 's there . kiss she with everything . both of they . lose themselves . the whole world fall around they . until ... he pull away . it 's time to go . a bell start ringing -- a familiar sound -- only getting louder and louder , as we -- - CUT to canon verde . Dawn . a teenage soldier clanging the alarm bell as hard as he can -- soldier already rush toward the yard -- muster up as fast as they can and -- cur to a tin shed . ten by twenty . Wood frame . thatched roof . dappled light on a dirt floor . Wood double door at one end . a crudely board - over window at the other . peter in the corner . his leg -- he good leg -- chain to a large empty ammo box that 's be pour full of concrete . splint on he bad leg from the boopy - trap . his knee 's swollen . he 's filthy . listen to the bell ringing from outside . listen to it stop , and -- cuT to rebel platoon -- sixty soldier -- double-time it out of camp and -~- curt to two helicopter fly side - by-side -- big bird be a old huey gunship . little sird be sleek and fast and -- cuT to inside little bird . jp front , a griz*le telaccan pilot . in back , terry , dino , and the three telaccan mercenary we see play dominos at the hangar . they be carlo , rico , and tomas . all in they late twenty . buff and brutal . we be in the presence of real battle - harden professionalism . we feel this in everything all of this man do . all five wear light tropical camo reinforce with kevlar flak vest . all five have light pro-tec helmet fitte with radio earplug and a wraparound micrephone . each man carry a one - day battle pack . sidearm , automatics , all the rest be personal choice . it 's loud in here . there 's a map tape to the floor . terry point out spot to rico and tomas . dino rip length of gaffer 's tape , reinforce a big black disc to the back of carlo' pack . cot to canon verde . the camp have emptied out . rambo walk quickly across the yard -- escort a stumbling figure with a hood pull over he head and hand tie and -- cuT to the tin shed . peter look over as the door open for a moment . the hooded hostage throw inside . falling as he come . rambo quick shutting the door -- peter hey .. over here . in the corner . cur to . big bird and little bird -- split formation as they near the mountain -- cur to the tin shed -- peter pull off the hood . a sixty - year - old italian face . bearded and pale . meet calitri . nw calitri ( gasp ) +.madonna ... cot to the yard -~ rambo -- mono -- two other rebel soldier -- jogging out toward the open -- hearing . something -- mono ( w- it 's there ! -- the river ! --) three more rebel run from the treeline -- two more wounded rebel limping from the cookhouse -- but this leok to be it -- the full complement leave behind -- rambo ( -~ it 's a helicepter ! --) instant energy -- dog barking -- everyone grab gun -~ three guy already run toward the river and -- cot to big bird -~- roll in low and loud -- come up from the South -- follow the river -- radio chatter like wallpaper in the background -- all sound disappear as big bird nos fifty caliber machine gun start rattling -- bullet tear up the river -- make as much noise as they can and -- cut to tin shed -- peter try to untie the rope bind calitri 's hand -- both man startle to hear gunfire chatter away in the far distance -- calitri be helicopter ... peter ( sweat ) hold still . cuT to little bird -- rise -- straight up a stone cliff -- nose to the wall -- rotor so close -~ just about to crest the summit -- there 's a ledge -- terry -- dino -- carlo -- rico -- tomas -- at the door -- they 're deplaning ! -- jump across -- one after another and -- curt to the river -- three rebel run the bank -- away from camp -- chase big bird and -- CUT to steep jungle incline -- terry scramble down -- dino -- tomas -- rico -- carlo -=- right behind he -- move fast and low -- sneaking in the back door and -- cut to tin shed -- peter and calitri try like hell to pull he chain free from the concrete and -- cuT to .a chicken coop -- juaco sleep one off -- a old indian farmer try to kick he awake -- old farmer ( -~ get up you piece of shit ! --) cuT to inside big bird -- the pilot banking over the river -- ta-ta~ta-ta-ta ! -- draw fire ! -- SMALL arm FIRE clinking against the belly armor -- the big bird slick gunner wheeling around -- spraying the shit back and -- cuT to ' a ridge just above the camp -- dino and rico split away -- terry -- carlo -- tomas -- head down and -- cuT to tin shed -- they have quit try to free the chain -- it 's hopeless -- peter now try to hoist calitri up toward the roof but he 's weak and it 's hard and -- lo 126 cuT to the camp treeline -- terry and carlo tuck in low -- terry hand signal to tomas -- you go right -- we go leave and -- cuT to the farm -- juaco with a rifle -- half -drunk -- barefoot -~ but terrify he ’11l miss the action ~-- run for the path that will take he down to the camp and -- cuT to the yard -- rameo in a lather -- yell back at the two wounded rebel just stand around -~ rambo ( -- get she perimeter ! -- and get the radio ! -- hurry up ! --) cuT to camp treeline -~- terry with binocular and -- ' binocular Pov rambo head for the tin shed -- yell for mono and a fat rebel soldier to hurry up and stand guard and -- cuT to hill above camp -- dino and rico head up to the farm -- terry / radio " dino . this be Terry , you copy ? " cur to camp treeline -- terry still eyeball -- terry ( into he radio ) there 's this tin shed here at the North East corner . I be watch two shooter set up position . " dino / radio " Roger that . stand - by . " cuT to the river -- big bird banking in -- raking the treeline like crazy and -- cur to the camp latrine -- far side from the tin shed -~- tomas flat against a lean - to as -- rambo ( run past - - ) ( -~ where 's the radio ? -- where 's my goddam radio ! --) cuot to the tin shed -- peter struggle to hold calitri up near the roof -- calitri try to pull away the thatch to see what 's go on and -- cuT to . outside the tin shed -- mono and the fat rebel stand guard -- gun battle from the river chatter away in the distance and -- cuT to dino and rico ducking down as -- juaco come run down the hill from the farm -- forty yard away and ~-- cuT to terry and carlo crawl for the tin shed -- : dino / radio " we get a straggler come down from the farm here . " terry ( back at he ) hold you fire . dino / radio " Roger on that . " 128 a rebel cook -- behind the cookhouse -- try to load a machine cun -- it 's jamme -- a dog start barking behind he and he turn and -- cur to tomas -- no choice -- wide open -- firing first -- bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! -- all hell have officially broken loose -- dino / radio wee we be hot ! -- we be hot ! -- " cur to terry and carlo up -- run -- firing ! and -- cur to fat rebel turn -- too late -- tat !- tat !-tat !-tat !-tat !- tat ! ~~ he 's blow back and -- cuT to mono firing blind -- as he 's fall back -- spraying the tin shed from he side and -- tomas / radio '' ee on my right -- venga ! -- " cuT to peter and calitri diving for the floor as bullet shred a swath through the tin and -- cur to carlo on he knee -- pivot fire stance -- cover terry as he kick open the door and -- cur to peter and calitri see the shed door fly open and -- terry Peter ? cur to dino and rico on the ridge -- terry\radio " dino , dino ! " nb 's 119 dino talk to I . terry '' radio '' abort the farm . they be both here -- we have two -- " cuT to tomas with a new problem -~ wounded soldier # 1 have a gun -- behind he -~ tatatatatatatat !!!! cur to juaco pin at the treeline -- bullet fly over he head from the tomas / wounded gun battle and -- cuT to mono -~ with good cover -- lean out -- pop off burst toward the tin shed and -- dino / radio '' ee Little Bird , Little Bird -- this be Delta - Delta -- we be good to go ! do you copy ? -- " * ' cur to little bird rise high over the mountain now and -~ cut to the ammo BOX -- the one Peter 's chain to -- terry just blast it to shit -- concrete shatter and -- cuT to rambo try to get back to the tin shed -- diving down away from carlo 's covering FIRE and -- cuT to juaco still hide -- be it fear ? -- confusion ? -- cot to the tin shed -- carlo hold the black disc like a football -- terry rip stuff from he utility belt -~ terry ( to Peter ) you ever play baseball ? of o peter sure . why ? terry this be flashbang . ( hand he two ) pull the pin . toss . it go off on impact . tatatatatatat !!!! -= mono get bolder -- everyone down now and -~ . cuT to dino and rico on the far hillside of camp -- ; dino ( into he radio ) -- where the hell 's the lz ? -- cuT to tomas up -- run -- bam bam bam bam !!! and -- cuT to wounded soldier -- get off a burst ! -= cut down mid-shot and -- cuT to tomas be hit -- he vest ! -- knock back and -- cur to : the tin shed -- they be ready -- terry at the door -- peter wedge beside he -- carlo clutching the black disc , poise like a sprinter at the block -- terry -- go ! -- terry out the door -- firing back at mono -- peter right behind he -- hucking that grenade and -- boom !!! -- flash !!! -- big SOUND and light -- mean to blind and shock and -- cor to mono catch flat -- rock back and -- cuT to y 222 carlo sprinting into the yard -- toss the disc and -- dino / radio " nw - you be cover ! -- " cuT to the black disc -- whhooooossskk !!!! -- it 's a signal flare -- a smoke pack -- just sizzling with the shit -- so much smoke , rise so fast it seem impossible and -- cut to dino -- rico -- hit position around the yard -- burst here and there ! -~- dino ( into he radio ) -- Terry -- talk to I -- let 's get a perimeter ! -- cuT to little bird -- drop from high above -- smoke tower from the yard -- mark the lz and -- terry /radio '' e- we be still take fire ! -- " ' CUT to rambo crawl around a mud shack and -- dino\radio '' ee we be on it -- be on it -- " cuT to juaco hugging the dirt -- shit fly around he and -- cot to the tin shed -- calitri look ready to cry -- peter still clutching that other flashbang and -- terry we be gonna run , okay ? run . you understand ? capisce ? ( calitri neds ) we have get a chopper come in -- this smoke be gonna spread wide and fast -- when I say go , you go as fast as you can -- straight and fast -- dpitto , capisce ? -- 'w uu N mono again -- tatatatatat !!! -- this one closer and cur to the yard -- just fuck fill with smoke and -- pilot / radio " e- down in thirty ! -< - " cuT to juaco crawl lose -- blind by the smoke -- he can hear the chopper coming but he can not see it and -- cuT to mono try to reload -- go too fast -- drop something -- no chance to look -- bap !- bap !-bap !- bap ! ~ bap !!!! -= dino right there blow he away and -- cuT to little bird cockpit -- drop fast and bold -- into the heart of the smoke -- the ground rush up -- reter kick dust now too and -- pilot / radio '' e~ let 's go ! -- let 's go ! - = - " cot to rambo crawl behind the tin shed and -- dino / radio '' e- Terry , you copy ? you be all clear behind . I be come up -- cur to tin shed -- peter with that length of chain on he leg -- terry can you run ? peter watch I . dino -- like that -- in the door -- dino Mr. calitri ? calitri nod -- completely confuse -- 123 dino Nice to meet you . ( grab he ) let 's get the fuck out of here . calitri do not know what hit he -- dino pull he out the door and they be run -- terry ( to Peter ) after you ... cur to peter out the door -- run for the yard -- terry about to bolt -- turn and -- cot to rambo -- behind he -~ through that back window -- but late -- firing madly at the shed door and -- cur to terry reacting -- burst ! -- burst ! -- and -~ . cot to ramboss gun spraying as he fall wounded and -- cur to the door frame -- shatter -- ramboss bullet chewing it up -- terry hit -- he eye -- the shrapnel and -- cuT to little bird -- calitri clamber on -- dino push he up -- tomas and carlo haul he in and -- cuT to peter halfway there -- look back through the smoke and dust and -- cuT to terry stumbling forward -- half blind -- all this shit in he eye and -~ cuut to little bird -- dino at the door -= in a fuck frenzy -~ i24 dino peter , come on ! <= terry !!! ( jump down ) cor to terry wiping at he eye ~- almost fall and -- terry I ’m coming !!! juaco turn -- there 's Terry behind he -- right there -- ten yard away ! -- and he 's helpless -- juaco raise he rifle to sheot and -~ peter juaco !!!! juaco turn -- just in time to see -- peter -- in motion -- throw something -- the other flashbang grenade ! -- a high hard one -- come straight at he and -- kaboom !!! -- juaco disappear for a moment -- like a . human flashbulb and -~ dino run past peter -- firing as he come -- juaco in flame -- dino 's round chew he up and -- peter grab terry -- here 's dino -- they have get he and they be all come back and -- cot to little bird -- tomas and rico -- pull they in -- dino ( scramble on ) -- let 's go ! - =- we be up -- the pilot drop the hammer and they be rise and -~- cur to the two helicopter -- back in formation -- leave the mountain and -- cor to we 225 inside little bird . it 's loud and crowded . a mix of elation and post-stress trauma . calitri in shock , slump en the floor behind the cockpit . dino reach over hin , try to get something from the pilot -- pilot -~ look behind the seat there -- there 's a toolbox , see it ? -- carlo and rico be way pump up . laugh and goof . tomas be sore -- pull off he kevlar vest -- a big chunk of near- death spatter there to think about . way in the back terry be just exhaust . wind . flushed . too old for this . suck down water . sweat just pour off he . leok up , and -- peter stare . filthy and rag . but smile . peter ( over the rotor ) who be you ? terry Terry thorne ... ( he hand ) -.. nice to meet you . dino with bolt cutter -- climb back over tomas -- kneel down by peter -- pull the chain away and -- peter how 's my wife ? be my wife okay ? dino be not look up . not for this . terry she 's great . she miss you . she 's wait for you . peter smile . dino come up with the chain . terry wiping at some shit still catch in he eye , as we -~ pilot ( galling back ) hey ! -- hey , check it out ... way out there past the big valley -- huge flame and smoke rise over the greenery -- some mas sive point of destruction -- 126 angle back to dino -- terry - all of they -- at the open bay door -- dino oh , baby ... ( to Terry ) we nre in the gumbo now , dude . peter what be that ? terry that use to be the pipeline . cot to a funky airfield . alice stand with sandro beside the Jeep . a ambulance and some other vehicle park off to the side . italian gather here -- calitri 's people -- a couple son -- some embassy type -- all eye on -- little bird lowering to the tarmac . rotors slow -~ dino off first -- help calitri over the skid -- italian run out -- tear before they get there -- peter -- there he be -- look around -- there she alice run toward he -- peter limping cut to meet she -- arm open -- gather she in ---- peter -- I miss you so much -- alice -- I know -- I too -- peter -- I 'ca not even -- alice -- do not -- not now -- just -- cuT to terry on the tarmac . muscling up he pack . watch alice and peter cling to each other . how she hold he . how they comfort each other . how they fit . dino you all right ? 127 startle , he turn . dino as sympathetic as he get . terry sure . dino Rico 's get the van . we / will clean up at the safe house . ( gently ) we can not hang . terry nod . get it . cuT to sandro help peter to the jeep and -- cuT to alice walk toward terry . behind he , a van whipping up beside the chopper -- tomas and carlo off-load gear as fast as they can . terry we do it . alice you do it . " the ambulance -- the italian -- they be leave -- alice what ' 's go on ? terry you gotta get go . alice what ? terry we‘re.all gonna be very unpopular around here in the near future . alice Jesus ... ( throw ) I think we have have a chance to ... terry to what ? sit around and talk ? the three of we ? alice stunne . no answer for this . 328 terry there 's a six o'clock United flight to Dallas . you can just make it . there 's a provisional passport for Peter in the Jeep . noricia 's gonna pack up the house and send it all up . alice Terry ... terry his leg look bad , but it can wait till Dallas . alice terry ( she 's quiet ) no phone call . no high fives . no champagne . you go straight to the airport and get on that plane . alice where be you go ? terry I do not know . whatever 's leave first . alice just reeling . desperate . out of time . alice Terry , you have be my rock . tell I you know that . tell I you know how much you mean to I . terry so we be even . alice we will never be even . I have give you nothing . terry Alice , look ... ( fight to keep it together - -) I forget what it 's like to want something , okay ? ( his. brave smile ) believe I , we be even . } i NY 129 here it be . the end of the trail . they both know :t. alice you deserve better than this . ( try so hard net to cry ) and it will break my heart more than anything if you do not know how much I mean that . he nod . that 's all he 's get leave . alice take a breath . pull back she hair and turn for the Jeep . cuT to peter inside the Jeep . watch alice walk toward he . the door be cpen . peter trade a look with terry . he know . he do not know . none of it matter now . terry ( call to sandro ) alice take she seat . pull shut the door . peter take she hand in he . terry watch she turn back . one last look . sandro drop it into gear . pull out sharply and -- finally to terry stand there watch she go . implode . a whole other life leave he behind . . dino so here 's the plan , okay ? ( stand there > with two cold beer in hand --) the two of we , right ? we do we own shop . I run New York . you run lendon . we meet once a month in the cayman to visit we money . terry just watch the Jeep -- watch everything -- the whole wide world get smaller and smaller . ny dino strictly white glove . lot of long lunch . no more frontline . sell some policy . do a little consulting . shit , man , think of it ... ( cackle ) we all give Ian a heart attack before we open the door ! terry turn back . take the beer . pop the top . terry I do not know if I want you visit my money . dino smile . the two of they stand there , suck down that beer , as we -- fade out