" psycho " by Joseph stefano base on the novel by Robert bloch revised December 1 , 1959 fade in : ext . phoenix , arizona - ( day ) - helicopter shot above Midtown section of the city . it be early afternoon , a hot mid-summer day . the city be sun-sunblanched white and its drift - up noise be mute in blanch they own echoe . we fly low , head in a downtown direction , pass over traffic-clogged street , parking lot , white business building , neatly pattern residential district . as we approach downtown section , the character of the city begin to change . it be darker and shabby with age and industry . we see railroad track , smokestack , wholesale fruit - and - vegetable market , old municipal building , empty lot . vegetable the very geography seem to give we a climate of nefariousness , of back - doorness , dark and shadowy . and secret . we fly lower and faster now , as if seek out a specific location . a skinny , high old hotel come into view . on its expose brick side great paint letter advertise " transient - low weekly rates -radio in every room . " we pause long enough to establish the shoddy character of this hotel . its open , curtainless window , its silent resign look so characteristic of such hole - and -corner hotel . we move forward with purposefulness and - toward a certain window . the sash be raise as high as it can go , but the shade be pull down to three or four inch of the inside sill , as if the occupant of the room within want privacy but need air . we be close now , so that only the lower half of the window frame be in shot . no sound come from within the room . suddenly , we tip downward , go to the narrow space between shade and sill , peep into the room . a young woman be stretch out on the muss bed . she wear a full slip , stocking , no shoe . she lie in and attitude of physical relaxation , but she face , see in the dimness of the room , betray a certain inner-tension , worrisome conflict . she be mary crane , a tension , attractive girl near the end of she twenty and she rope . a man stand beside the bed , only the lower half of he figure visible . we hold on this tableau for a long moment , then start forward . as we pass under the window shade , CUT to : int . the HOTEL room - ( day ) a small room , a slow fan buzzing on a shelf above the narrow bed . a card of hotel rule be paste on the mirror above the bureau . a unopen suitcase and a woman 's large , straw open - top handbag be on the bureau . on the table beside the bed there be a container of Coco - cola and a unwrapped , untouched egg-salad sandwich . there be no radio . the man stand by the bed , wear only trousers , T-shirt and sox , be SAM loomis , a good-look , sensual shirt man with warm humorous eye and a compelling smile . he be blotting he neck and face with a thin towel , and be stare down at Mary , a small sweet smile play about he mouth . Mary keep she face turn away from he . after a moment , Sam drop the towel , sit on the bed , lean over and take Mary into he arm , kiss she long and warmly , hold she with a firm possessiveness . the kiss be disturb and finally interrupt by the buzzing closeness of a inconsiderate fly . Sam smile , pull away enough to allow Mary to relax again against the pillow . he study she , frown at she unresponsiveness , then speak in a low , intimate , playful voice . SAM never do eat you lunch , do you . Mary look at he smile , have to respond , pull he to she , kiss he . then , and without break the kiss , she swing she leg over the side of the bed , toe-search around , find she shoe , slip she foot into search they . and finally pull away and sit up . mary I better get back to the office . this extend lunch hour give my boss excess acid . she rise , go to the bureau , take a pair of small earring out of she bag , begin put they on , not bother or perhaps not want to look at herself in the mirror . Sam watch she , concerned but unable to inhibit he cheery , humorous good mood . throughout remainder of this scene , they occupy themselves with dress , hair -comb , etc . SAM call you boss and tell he you be take the rest of the afternoon off . it 's Friday anyway ... and hot . mary ( soft sarcasm ) what do I do with my free afternoon , walk you to the airport ? SAM ( meaningfully ) we could laze around here a while longer . mary check out time be three p.m. hotel of this sort be not interested in you when you come in , but when you time 's up ... ( a small anguish ) Sam , I hate have to be with you in a place like this . SAM I have hear of marry couple who deliberately spend occasional night in cheap hotel . they say it ... mary ( interrupt ) when you be marry you can do a lot of thing deliberately . SAM you sure talk like a girl who 's be marry . mary Sam ! SAM I be sorry , Mary . ( after a moment ) my old dad use to say ' when you can not change a situation , laugh at it . ' nothing ridicule a thing like laugh at it . mary I have lose my girlish laughter . SAM ( observe ) the only girlish thing you have lose . mary ( a meaningful quiet , then , with difficulty : ) Sam . this be the last time . SAM for what ? mary this ! meeting you in secret so we can be ... secretive ! you come down here on business trip and we steal lunch hour and ... I wish you would not even come . SAM okay . what do we do instead , write each other lurid love letter ? mary ( about to argue , then turn away ) I have not time to argue . I be a work girl . SAM and I be a work man ! we be a regular work - class tragedy ! ( he laugh ) mary it be tragic ! or it will be ... if we go on meeting in shabby hotel whenever you can find a tax - deductible excuse for fly down deductible here ... SAM ( interrupt , seriously ) you can not laugh at it , huh ? mary can you ? SAM sure . it 's like laugh through a break jaw , but ... he break off , he cheeriness dissolve , go to the window , try to raise the shade . it stick . he pull at it . it come down entirely , and the hot sun glare into the room , revealing it in all its shabbiness and sordidness as if corroborate Mary 's word and attitude . Sam kick at the fall shade , laugh in frustration , grab on to he humor again . SAM and besides , when you say I make tax - deductible excuse you make I out a criminal . mary ( have to smile ) you could not be a criminal if you commit a major crime . SAM I wish I be . not a active criminal but ... a nice guy with the conscience of a criminal . ( go close to mary , touch she ) next best thing to no conscience at all . mary ( pull away ) I have to go , Sam . SAM I can come down next week . mary no . SAM not even just to see you , to have lunch ... in public ? mary we can see each other , we can even have dinner ... but respectably , in my house with my mother 's picture on the mantel and my sister help I broil a big steak for three ! SAM and after the steak ... do we send sister to the movie and turn mama 's picture to the wall ? mary Sam ! no ! SAM ( after a pause , simply ) all right . she stare at he , surprised at he willingness to continue the affair on she term , as girl be so often surprised when they discover man will continue to want they even after the sexual bait have be pull in . Sam smile reassuringly , place he hand gently on she arm , speak with gentle and simple sincerity . SAM Mary , whenever it 's possible , tax - deductible or not , I want to see deductible you . and under any condition . ( a smile ) even respectability . mary you make respectability sound ... disrespectful . SAM ( brightly ) I be all for it ! it require patience and temperance and a lot of sweat - out ... otherwise , though , it 's only hard work . ( a pause ) but if I can see you , touch you even as simply as this ... I will not mind . he move away and again the weight of he pain and problem crush away he good humor . there be a quiet moment . SAM I be feed up with sweat for people who be not there . I sweat to pay off my father 's debt ... and he 's in he grave ... I sweat to pay my ex- wife alimony , and she 's live on the other side of the world somewhere . mary ( a smile ) I pay , too . they also pay who meet in hotel room . SAM a couple of year and the debt will be pay off . and if she ever be - marries , the alimony stop ... and then ... mary I have not even be marry once yet ! SAM yeah , but when you do ... you will swing . mary ( smile , then with a terrible urgency ) Sam , let 's go get marry . SAM and live with I in a storeroom behind a hardware store in fairvale . we will have a lot of laugh . when I send my ex - wife she money , you can lick the stamp . mary ( a deep desperation ) I will lick the stamp . he look at she , long , pull she close , kiss she lightly , look out the window and stare at the wide sky . SAM you know what I would like ? a clear , empty sky ... and a plane , and we in it ... and somewhere a private island for sale , where we can run around without we ... shoe on . and the wherewithal to buy what I would like . ( he move away , suddenly serious ) Mary , you want to cut this off , go out and find yourself someone available . mary I be think of it . SAM ( a cheerful shout ) how can you even think a thing like that ! mary ( pick up handbag , start for door ) do not miss you plane . SAM hey , we can leave together can not we ? mary ( at door ) I be late ... and you have to put you shoe on . Mary go out quickly , close door behind she . as Sam stare down at he shoeless foot , CUT to : ext . downtown STREET - ( day ) - high angle shoot down at hotel entrance . Mary come out , walk quickly to a park cab , get in . the cab zoom up the awful street . dissolve to : ext . lowery real estate office - ( day ) a small , moderately successful office off the main street . a cab pull up at the curb . we see Mary get out of cab , pay driver , cross pavement to the office door . int . outer office - ( day ) Mary enter office , cross to she desk , sit down , rub she temple , finally look over at caroline , a girl in the last of she teens . mary be not Mr. lowery back from lunch ? caroline ( a high , bright , eager - to -talk voice lace to - with a vague Texan accent ) he 's lunching with the man who 's buy the Harris Street property , you know , that oil lease man ... so that 's why he 's late . ( a pause , then , as Mary do not respond to the point thrust ) you get a headache ? mary it will pass . headaches be like resolution ... you forget they soon as they stop hurt . caroline you get aspirin ? I have something ... not aspirin , but ( cheerfully take bottle of pill out of desk drawer ) my mother 's doctor give this to I the day of my wedding . ( laugh ) teddy be furious when he find out I would take tranquilizers ! she rise , start for Mary 's desk , pill in hand . mary be there any call ? caroline teddy call . I ... and my mother call to see if teddy call . oh , and you sister call to say she 's go to Tucson to do some buy and she will be go the whole weekend and ... she break off , distract by the SOUND of the door open . mr. lowery and he oil - lease client , tom cassidy enter the office . lowery be a pleasant , worried - face man , big and a trifle pompous . cassidy be very face loud and have a lunch - hour load on . he be a gross man , exude a kind of pitiful vulgarity . cassidy wow ! hot as fresh milk ! you girl should get you boss to air-condition you up . he can afford it today . lowery flash a embarrassed smile at Mary , try to lead cassidy toward the private office . lowery Mary , will you get that copy of the deed ready for Mr. cassidy . cassidy pause beside Mary 's desk , hook a haunch onto the desktop , smile a wet smile at Mary . cassidy tomorrow 's the day ! my sweet little girl ... ( laugh as Mary look up at he ) not you , my daughter ! a baby , and tomorrow she stand up there and get she sweet self marry away from I ! ( pull out wallet ) I want you to look at my baby . eighteen year old ... and she 's never have a unhappy day in any one of that year ! ( flash photo ) Mary glance , can not bring herself to smile or make some remark , continue sorting out the deed copy , try to ignore the man 's hot- breath closeness . lowery come on , Tom , my office be air - condition . cassidy ( ignore lowery ) you know what I do with unhappiness ? I buy it off ! you unhappy ? mary not inordinately . ( put deed copy into cassidy 's too - close hand ) cassidy I be buy this house for my baby 's wedding present . forty thousand dollar , cash ! now that be not buy happiness , that 's buy off unhappiness ! that penniless punk she 's marryin' ... ( laugh ) probably a good kid ... it 's just that I hate he . ( look at deed ) yup ! forty thousand , say here ... ( to lowery ) casharoonie ! he take out of he inside pocket , two separate bundle of new $ 100 bill and throw they onto the desk , under Mary 's nose . caroline 's eye go wide at the sight of the glorious green bundle of bill , and she come close to the desk . cassidy lean terribly close to Mary , flick through the bill , laugh wickedly . cassidy I never carry more than I can afford to lose ! ( closer to Mary ) Count them ! lowery ( shocked , worried ) Tom ... cash transaction of this size ! most irregular ... cassidy so what ? it 's my private money ! ( laugh , wink , elbow lowery ) and now it 's yours . caroline ( stare at the money ) I declare ! cassidy ( whisper ) I do not ! that 's how I be able to keep it ! ( laugh ) lowery ( hastily interrupt ) suppose we just put this in the safe and then Monday morning when you be feel good ... cassidy speakin ' of feel good , where 's that bottle you say you have in you desk ... ( laugh , as if have give away lowery 's secret ) oops ! ( to Mary , patting she arm ) usually I can keep my mouth shut ! he rise , reel toward lowery 's office , pause , turn , speak to Mary , meaningfully . cassidy honest . I can keep any private transaction a secret ... any pri .... ( stop by Mary 's cold gaze ) lowery ! I be dyin ' of thirstaroonie ! lowery start after he , pause , turn to Mary . cassidy have go into lower 's office . lowery ( quietly ) I do not even want it in the office over the weekend . put it in the safe deposit box , at the bank , Mary . and we will get he to give we a check on Monday - instead . he start quickly away when it look like cassidy be go to come and pull he bodily into the office . when the man be go and the door be close , caroline pick up a bundle , smile at it . caroline he be flirt with you . I guess he notice my wedding ring . Mary have put one bundle into a large envelope and take the other from caroline . when the bill be away , she put the fill envelope in she handbag , notice the remain deed copy on she desk , pick they up , go to the private office door , knock , start to open door as : lowery ( o.s. ) come in . int . lowery private office - ( day ) Mary open door , look in . cassidy be drink from a large tumbler , wink at she without pause in he drink . Mary remain on threshold a moment , then cross to the desk , talk as she go . mary the copy . Mr. lowery , if you do not mind , I would like to go right on home after the bank . I have a slight ... cassidy you go right home ! I and you boss be go out to get ourselves a little drinkin ' do ! ( to lowery ) right ? lowery ( to Mary ) of course . you feel ill ? mary a headache . cassidy you need a week - end in Las Vegas ... playground of the world ! mary I be go to spend this week - end in bed . ( start out ) cassidy ( to lowery ) only playground that beat Las Vegas ! Mary go back out into the outer office , close door . int . outer office - ( day ) Mary go to she desk , take the handbag , check to make sure the money - fill envelope be tuck well down into it . during this : caroline be not you go to take the pill ? ( as Mary shake she head ) they will knock that headache out . mary I do not need pill ... just sleep . she go to the door . dissolve : int . mary bedroom - ( day ) a double bed in the foreground . we just see the far side as the camera shoot across . Mary enter the scene , clad only in she slip . perhaps she be about to get into bed . behind she be a open closet , but too dark inside for we to see any content . as Mary turn to the closet the camera lower to show a close view of the $ 40000 in the envelope on we side of the bed . Mary take a dress from the closet and start to put it on as the camera retreat to reveal a pack but not yet close suitcase also on the bed . Mary zip up she dress and then bring some final garment from the closet . she come around to the suitcase and put they on the top . Mary work with haste and in tension , as if act on a impulse which might vanish as quickly as it come . the suitcase fill now , she check around the room , then take she handbag to the bed , put in the money - fill envelope , and then slam the suitcase shut . then fill she look at she small bedroom desk , go to it , remove a small file - envelope from one of the drawer . it be one of that brown envelope in which one keep important papers and policy and certificate . she check its content briefly , put it on the bed , open another desk drawer , take out she bank book , toss it on the bed . then she pack both the file - envelope and the bank book , into she handbag , take one quick last look around the room , pick up the handbag and the suitcase and go out of the room . CUT to : ext . mary garage - ( day ) a two - car garage . one car be go . Mary 's car be park in the driveway . the camera be low enough so that we can easily read the Arizona number plate in the foreground . Mary come out of house , start for the trunk , intend to put the suitcase in , change she mind , place the suitcase and she handbag on the front seat , get in , start the car , begin to back out of driveway . dissolve to : ext . MAIN STREET in midtown phoenix - ( day ) we be close on Mary 's car , shoot in at she troubled , guilty face . she seem to be drive with that excess care of one who do not wish to be stop for a minor traffic irregularity . she stop for a red light at a main intersection . from mary viewpoint - ( day ) we see lowery and cassidy crossing the street , pass right in front of Mary 's car . mary car - ( day ) Mary freeze . ext . MAIN STREET in midtown phoenix - ( day ) cassidy , glance into car , see Mary , let out a cheery exclamation , elbow lowery . lowery turn , see Mary , smile pleasantly , pull cassidy on . mary car - ( day ) Mary watch the entire exchange with a look of stony horror on she face . ext . MAIN STREET in midtown phoenix - ( day ) now we look closely at lowery . as he reach the curb , a small confusion brighten he face . he remember that Mary intend to " spend the weekend in bed . " he consider , curiously , turn , look back at she , a slight frown on he face . mary car - ( day ) Mary see the pause and the look . ext . MAIN STREET in midtown phoenix - ( day ) for a moment it even look as if lowery might be meaning to cross back to the car . mary car - ( day ) Mary 's tension be unbearable . and at that moment we hear the shrill shriek of the traffic cop 's whistle . Mary zoom the car away . dissolve to : ext . highway - ( day ) Mary in car , drive , safely away from town . her look be less tense now , and more purposeful . after a moment , she check the fuel gauge , frown , look along highway for a gas station . fast dissolve to : mary car - ( day ) approach and leave city limit . mary - ( day ) look at gas gauge . c.u. gas gauge - ( day ) ext . a gas station - ( day ) we see Mary 's car drive in , come to a stop . there be no other car about , this be a gas station off the main highway , and the attendant be obviously in the shack . Mary look worried about have to make this stop , keep she face turn away from the shack , not wishing it to be see . no one come and for a moment Mary consider drive on , as if the emptiness of the station be a warning , a omen that she should listen to . but the gas register almost empty . she have to blow she horn . a young man come out of the shack , start toward she car . at that moment , we hear the ringing of the telephone in the shack . the attendant walk a few step further , toward Mary 's car , then decide to go back and answer the phone . the phone 's insistent ringing unnerve Mary . she start she car , zoom off . we see the attendant , phone in hand , in the doorway of shack . he look after the depart car with little or no expression . car the car grow smaller as it race up the road . the sun be set . there be something vaguely ominous about the darken sky into which the car seem to be disappear . dissolve to : mary in car - ( night ) the oncoming headlight hurt Mary 's eye . she be get sleepy and she vision be blur . her eye close , involuntarily , snap open again . she stretch than wide , as if force they to stay open . the oncoming light seem to glare to a point beyond endurance . she murmur " Sam - Sam . " long lap dissolve : ext . road shoulder - ( dawn ) we see Mary 's car , dim in the early dawn , tilt on the soft shoulder of the road , look somehow sad and pathetic , like a child 's throw - away toy . and from this angle it would appear that the car be empty . after a moment , during which there be no other vehicle pass , we see , come from the far distance , a highway patrolman in a patrol car . he pass Mary 's car , note its apparent emptiness , u-turn , come back up behind the car . he get out and approach the driver 's side window . ext . mary car - ( dawn ) the patrolman look down into the car . int . car ( dawn ) from he viewpoint Mary turn with a start , sit up , be startle and unnerve by the sight of the patrolman , and , as if by automatic reflex , turn the ignition and press down on the starter . ext . car ( dawn ) the patrolman hold up he hand . patrolman ( startle ) hold it there ! Mary slam down on the brake , try to pull herself together . the patrolman rap again , less gently . reluctantly , Mary roll down the window . the patrolman study she for a moment . patrolman in quite a hurry . mary yes . ( because he seem to be await a explanation ) I do not mean to sleep so long . I be afraid I would have a accident last night , from sleepiness ... so I decide to pull over ... patrolman you sleep here all night ? mary ( a faint edge of defensiveness ) yes . as I say , I could not keep my eye ... patrolman ( mere concern ) there be plenty of motel in this area . you should have ... I mean , just to be safe ... mary I do not intend to sleep all night ! I just pull over ... have I break any law ? patrolman no , m'am . mary then I be free to go ...? patrolman ( a pause ) be anything wrong ? mary of course not ! be I act as if ... something 's wrong ? patrolman ( almost a smile ) frankly , yes . mary please ... I would like to go ... patrolman be there ? mary be there what ? ( not wait for a answer ) I have tell you there 's nothing wrong ... except that I be in a hurry and you be take up my time ... patrolman ( interrupt , sternly ) now wait just a moment ! turn you motor off , please . Mary seem about to object , think better of it , turn off the ignition . patrolman in the course of my duty , I never " take up " anyone 's time , whether it 's to give a warning , or a ticket , or help ! believe that , m'am . ( a little softer ) now if you wake up on the wrong side of ... the car seat , that 's one thing . but when you act as if I have just place you under arrest ... mary I be sorry . patrolman no need to apologize ... Mary start the car , she face turn as if she wish the matter be all settle and the patrolman have already go . the patrolman be not exactly one of that civil servant who demand a thank - you , but he do feel she manner be a bit too abrupt . he call : patrolman wait a minute ! mary ( jam down the brake ) now what ? the patrolman gaze at she a moment , then : patrolman May I see you license ? mary why ? patrolman please . Mary pull she handbag up from the floor , where she would place it when she stretch out for sleep . she put she hand in it , rummages for she wallet , can not find it . the patrolman be stare at she . she glance at he nervously , poke in she bag a bit more , sigh , realize she will have to remove some of its content . nervously , badly control she fear , she take out the money - fill envelope , and then the important papers envelope , fill then a couple of other item , place they on the seat , finally find she wallet , open it , hand it to he . he look at the wallet , then at the car . ext . road shoulder - ( dawn ) the patrolman walk around to the front of the car , check the license plate , and return . int . mary car - ( dawn ) the patrolman peer in , check the car registration on the steering wheel , return Mary 's wallet . she take it , look at he for a flicker of a moment . he say nothing . she start ahead , fast . ext . road shoulder - ( dawn ) the patrolman stare after Mary as she drive off , then start back to he automobile . mary in car - ( dawn ) she be quite shake , realize she cause herself a great deal of trouble and place herself in unnecessary danger . she be disturb and angry and frighten at she inability to act normally under the pressure of guilt . as she drive , she glance into she rear-view mirror . mary rear -view mirror - ( dawn ) the patrolman be follow in he automobile , keep behind she at a match speed . mary in car - ( dawn ) she glance out at she surroundings . mary Pov - ( dawn ) the freeway ahead . ext . mary car - ( dawn ) she suddenly turn off the highway . mary in car - ( dawn ) she check she mirror . mary rear -view mirror - ( dawn ) the patrolman be no longer follow , have not turn off after she . mary in car - ( dawn ) she breathes a sigh of relief , think a moment , make a quick decision . dissolve : ext . used car lot - ( day ) the big sign read " California Charlie - automobile paradise . " we see Mary 's car drive onto the lot and stop . Mary get out of the car , glance toward the lot office , turn she attention to the line of car , notice the California licence plate on all of they . the car dealer call out from he office : car dealer with you in a second ! Mary nod , start walk along the line of car as if make a selection . her eye be catch by the iron newspaper stand on the corner , just outside the lot . she stare at the papers , turn away , as if what she be fear would have to be impossible , then , have to satisfy herself , go to the stand , drop a dime in the iron slot , pick up a los angele newspaper , start back into the car lot as she glance worried at the front page . as she go , we see , come up the street toward the lot , the same patrolman . he see Mary , slow , swerve over to the opposite side of the street , stop by the curb . Mary , engross in the newspaper , and walk back ease the lot , do not see the patrolman . the car dealer be out on the lot now , stand and wait for Mary . as she approach , lose in she newspaper , he smile . car dealer I be in no mood for trouble ! mary ( glance up , throw for a moment ) what ? car dealer ( cheerfully ) there 's a old say , " first customer of the day be always the most trouble ! " but like I say , I be in no mood for it so I be just go to treat you so fair and square you will not have one human reason to give I ... mary ( interrupt ) can I trade in my car and take another ? car dealer you can do anything you have a mind to ... and bein ' a woman , you will ! ( chin-indicate she car ) that yours ? mary yes , it 's ... nothing wrong with it , I be just ... car dealer sick of the sight of it ! ( laugh ) well , suppose you look around for something that strike you eye and meanwhile I will have my mechanic give yours the once over and ... want some coffee ? I be just about ... mary no . thank you . I be in ... a hurry . I just want to make a change and start ... she stop suddenly , almost with a gasp . she have see the patrolman . the patrolman - mary Pov - ( day ) he be stare over at she , he face dispassionate . ext . used car lot - ( day ) Mary have to force herself to look away . car dealer one thing people never ought to be when they be buy a use car be in a hurry ! ( start away toward she car ) but like I say , too nice a day for argue . I will just shoot this into the garage . he start into Mary 's car . she look at he , in near panic , want to skip the whole thing . torn , wonder if the presence of the patrolman do not negate the value of change car , wonder how she can get away , wonder if she will be follow , or if the patrolman will go away if she do stay here . all this panic-fear rush she mind and she can do nothing . the car Dealer have drive she car into the garage . she stand in the middle of the lot , feel like a shoot target . she look toward the garage . the garage - mary Pov - ( day ) Mary 's car be in it . ext . used car lot - ( day ) Mary decide she cannot back out now without arouse further suspicion , be compel to look again at the patrolman . the patrolman - mary Pov - ( day ) he still watch . with a self - angry sigh of resignment , she go to a close car , look at it . the car Dealer be return . car dealer that 's the one I would have pick for you myself ! mary how much ? car dealer go ahead ! spin it around the block . now I know you do not know anything about engine condition , but you can feel , can not you ... and it 's all in the feel , believe I , you feel that one around the block ... mary it look fine . how much will it be , with my car ...? car dealer you mean you do not want the usual day and a half to think it over ? ( laugh ) you be in a hurry ! somebody chasin ' you ? mary of course not . please . car dealer well ... heck , this be the first time I ever see the customer high - pressure the salesman ! ( laugh , see she be in no mood for it ) I would figure roughly ... ( look at the car , then back at the garage ) ... you car plus five hundred . mary five hundred . car dealer aha ! always get time to argue money , huh ...? mary all right . as the car dealer look at she in amazement , she reach into she bag , feel the money - fill envelope , pause . car dealer ( slowly ) I take it ... you can prove that car 's yours ... I mean , out of state and all ... get you pink slip and you ... mary I think I have the necessary papers . be there a lady room ... car dealer in the building ... ( indicate , continue to stare quietly ) Mary start for the building , glance once in the direction of the patrolman . the patrolman - mary Pov - ( day ) he still sit , he motor throbbing , he face quiet . ext . the used car lot - ( day ) Mary go into the office building . CUT to : int . lady room - ( day ) Mary enter , lock door , take envelope out of she handbag , extract one bundle of bill from the envelope , count off five , put the bundle back into the envelope and the envelope back into the bag . then she remember , take out the important papers envelope , go through it , find several papers have to do with she car , take they all out , put back the envelope , start out of the lady room . CUT to : ext . the used car lot - ( day ) the car Dealer have move the car of she choice out of the line . it stand in the clear . car dealer ( too cheerfully ) I think you would better give it a trial spin . do not want any bad word of mouth about California Charlie . mary I would really rather not . please . can not we just settle this and ... car dealer I will be perfectly honest with you , ma'am . it 's not that I do not trust you , but ... mary ( interrupt ) but what ? be there anything so terribly wrong about ... make a decision and want to hurry ? do you think I have steal ... my car ? car dealer no , m'am . I be only about to say , I have send my mechanic out to give you car a little test ... that 's all . mary ( hand he the ownership papers and the new bill ) I would like to be ready when he get back . car dealer okay . if you will come along ... he start toward the office building . Mary follow , closely , anxiously . she glance , see : the patrolman - mary Pov - ( day ) he be still at the far curb . ext . used car lot - ( day ) the car Dealer go into he office . Mary follow . the patrolman - ( day ) a second later , he start he automobile , check traffic , come across the street , slowly , and drive onto the lot . he pause a moment , then drive across the lot , pass the office , go on to the other exit , stop there as Mary 's car be drive back onto the lot . the mechanic stop Mary 's car , hop out , wave to the patrolman . the patrolman wave back , go on a bit until he be behind Mary 's car , stop again , look over at the office . in a moment , Mary come out , hurry across to she new car , get in , start the motor . the mechanic yell : mechanic hey ! miss ? Mary pause , turn , see the patrolman , then the mechanic . her face go white . she do not know which man call she . then the mechanic wave , start forward with she suitcase . mary ( as mechanic reach car ) just put it right in here , please ... beside I . the mechanic smile , throw the suitcase in . Mary zoom off . as she drive out of lot we see the mechanic , the car Dealer and the patrolman all look after she . dissolve to : mary in new car on route Mary be drive tensely . she check the rear-view mirror , be more shocked than pleased when she see ... mary rear -view mirror no sign of the patrolman . mary in new car on route she turn she face , look out at the highway . route 99 - mary Pov it be heavy with traffic . mary in new car on route again she check the mirror and although ... mary rear -view mirror there be still no sign of the patrolman . mary in new car on route she can not relax or feel safe , cannot convince herself that nothing will come of the man 's watch and suspicion . camera be close on Mary 's face now , recording she anxiety , she fear . her guilt shine bright in she eye and she be a person unaccustom to contain this much guilt in this realistic a situation . suddenly , we hear the SOUND of the use car Dealer 's laugh , hear it as clearly as Mary hear it in she imagination . the " imagine voice " we hear be actually the voice of the car Dealer : car dealer' voice heck , Officer , that be the first time I ever see the customer high - pressure the salesman ! somebody chase she ? patrolman' voice I better have a look at that papers , Charlie . car dealer' voice she look like a wrong - one to you ? patrolman' voice acte like one . Mary blink , shake she head , as if try to shake away this voice of she imagination . she check the rear-view mirror . mary rear -view mirror still no sight of the patrolman . mary in new car she try to force herself to relax , almost succeed when she be sprung to tension again by .... ext . highway the sight of a police car . as she drive past , we hear the squeaky , unintelligible voice come over the car radio . Mary zoom down on the gas , whizze ahead . dissolve through to : ext . highway 99 - long shot Mary 's car dash along . dissolve to : mary in new car Mary look weary , tired with strain and with hard drive . her eye be heavy with worry and deep think . out the windshield we can see that it be much later in the day , almost dusk . mary in new car we hear the sound of a agitate buzz of a intercom system , a sound emanate from Mary 's imagination . after the second buzz , we hear the voice of caroline . caroline's voice yes , Mr. lowery . lowery voice ( a worried tone ) caroline ...? Mary still be not in ? caroline's voice no , Mr. lowery ... but then she 's always a bit late on Monday morning . lowery voice buzz I the minute she come in . again Mary shake she head , force herself to stop hearing this " invent " scene of she imagination . ext . highway now we cut to the view of the road , from Mary 's viewpoint . darkness of evening be come . in the dim twilight we see the neon sign of roadside restaurant and gas station beginning to blaze on . int . mary new car back on Mary 's face , and after a moment , the imagine voice again : lowery voice call she sister ! if no one 's answer at the house .... caroline's voice I call she sister , Mr. lowery , where she work , the Music maker Music store , you know ? and she do not know where Mary be any more than we do . lowery voice you better run out to the house . she may be ... unable to answer the phone ... caroline's voice her sister 's go to do that . she 's as worried as we be . a flush of painful guilt and regret rise up in Mary 's face . she close she eye for one tight swift moment . ext . highway we cut again to the highway . the first oncoming headlight slash at the windshield . int . mary new car cut back to Mary , we can sense by the tense muscle of she face that she be drive faster . the oncoming headlight blurt at she . suddenly we hear lowery 's voice , loud now and frighten , as if the anxiety in the man 's voice be strong enough to break through Mary 's effort to keep she mind silent and she imagination blank . lowery voice no ! I have not the faintest idea . as I say , I last see you sister when she leave this office on Friday ... she say she do not feel well and want to leave early and I say she could . and that be the last I see ... ( a pause , a think ) ... wait a minute , I do see she , a hour or so later , drive ... ( a pause , then with solemn fear ) ah , I think you would better come over here to my office . Quick . ( a pause , a click ) caroline , get Mr. cassidy for I . ext . highway it be completely dark now , night . int . mary new car we cut back to she face . lowery voice after all , cassidy , I tell you ... all that cash ... I be not take the responsibility ... oh , for heaven 's sake , a girl work for you for ten year , you trust she ! all right , yes , you better come over . from mary viewpoint ext . the road ahead int . mary new car fast cut back to Mary 's face . oncome headlight throw a blind light across she feature . cassidy voice ( undrunk , sharp with rage ) well I be not about to kiss off forty thousand dollar ! I will get it back and if any of it 's missin ' I will replace it with she fine soft flesh ! I will track she , never you doubt it ! lowery voice hold on , cassidy ... I still can not believe ... it must be some kind of a mystery ... I can not ... cassidy voice you check with the bank , no ? they never laid eye on she , no ? you still trustin ' ? hot creeper , she sit there while I dumped it out ... hardly even look at it , plannin ' and ... and even flirtin ' with I ...! a look of revulsion make Mary close she eye . through the windshield again Big drop of rain begin to appear . closeup - mary she be become aware of the rain start . through the windshield the rain increase and backlit by the oncoming headlight . closeup - mary Mary start the windshield wiper . through the windshield the wiper be have a battle with the now torrential rain . closeup - mary peer through the blurred windshield . closeup - the car wheel slow down in the flooding highway . closeup - mary peer through the windshield . the oncoming light be fewer . closeup - the car wheel almost come to a slow turn . through the windshield just blackness and rain . closeup - mary peer . mary viewpoint a almost undiscernible light in the far distance , a neon sign blurred by the rain - sheeted windshield . mary car she press down , force the car to move on through the flood road . ext . the road as we move closer , we see the neon sign more clearly and can faintly make out the large letter which read " Motel . " Mary stop the car , lower the window slightly , look out . we see the sign clearly now : " bate motel . " Mary open the car door and dash out into the rain and up onto the porch of the motel office . ext . bate ' motel - ( night ) Mary pause on the porch . the light be on within the office . she try door , find it open , go into office . camera follows she into office . there be no one present . Mary go to the desk , ring a small pushbell . there be no response . Mary rub she forehead in weariness and frustration , go back out onto the porch . she look off in another direction , slightly behind the office , and see ... mary viewpoint - a large old house - ( night ) a path from the motel office lead directly up to this house . there be a light on in one of the upstairs room . a woman pass the window , pause , peer out . we see she in clear silhouette . she quickly go away from the window . ext . porch of bate ' motel - ( night ) Mary , have see the woman , expect now that she will get some attention . she stand a few moment , wait . no one come . impatience and anger rise in Mary . she dash out into the rain , to she car , get in , open the side window , begin to honk the horn . after a moment , a young man open the front door of the house , pause , start down the path . after a few step , he turn and run back into the house . Mary leave she car , start a dash for the shelter of the porch . as she run , we see that the Young man have go back only to get a umbrella . see that Mary be on she way to the porch , he run quickly , the umbrella unopen in he hand . he get to the porch a moment after Mary have reach it . he stop short , look at she , then at the umbrella hang useless in he hand , then back to she . there be something sadly touch in he manner , in he look . Mary 's impatience go and she smile and this make he almost smile . he gesture she into the office , stand back to indicate that he will go after she . she go into the office . int . office of bate ' motel - ( night ) the Young man follow Mary in , close the door . he be norman bate , somewhere in he late twenty , thin and tall , soft - speak and hesitant . norman dirty night . mary ( not really a question ) you have a vacancy ? norman ( simply , almost cheerfully ) we have twelve vacancy . twelve cabin , twelve vacancy . ( a pause ) they move away the highway . mary I think I would get off the main ... norman I know you must have . no one stop here anymore unless they do . he be behind the counter now , push forward the registration book . norman but it 's no good dwelling on we loss , be it . we go right ahead lighting sign and follow the formality ... would you sign , please . Mary have place she handbag on the counter . she take the registration book , pick up the pen , be suddenly strike with the realization that she would better use a alias . she write the name Marie samuel . norman you home address . oh , just the town will do . mary ( glance at newspaper stick out of she handbag ) Los Angeles . she realize he do not ask she to tell he , merely to write it down . she smile , write Los Angeles beside the false name . norman smile , stop smile out of embarrassment . norman cabin one . it 's closer in case you want anything ... right next to the office . closeup - norman he remove a key for cabin one . we see that there be a remain key on the board . two shot - mary and norman mary I want sleep more than anything . except maybe , food . norman there 's a big diner about ten mile on up ... just outside fairvale . mary be I that close to fairvale ? norman Fifteen mile . I will get you bag . he go to door , open it . the rain have slowed down considerably . he smile at this fact , as if to communicate some pleasure he find in it . Mary follow he to the door , go out on the porch , wait and watch as norman run to she car , get in , drive it to the parking space in front of cabin one . Mary walk along the porch , wait before the door of cabin one . norman get out of car , with suitcase , run to the door , open it , push the door open , put he hand in and switch on a light . Mary go into the cabin . norman follow she . int . cabin one - ( night ) norman place suitcase on bed , go to the window , open it . norman stuffy in here . ( turn to she ) well ... the mattress be soft and there be hanger in the closet and ... stationary with " bate ' Motel " print on it in case you want to make you friend back home envious ... and ... the ... over there .... ( he point to the bathroom , fairly blushes ) mary the bathroom . norman ( quickly , start to leave ) I will be in the office if you want anything ... just tap on the wall . mary thank you , Mr. bate . norman norman bate . he pause at the door , gaze at she . she smile . norman you have something most girl never have . mary I have ? norman there 's no name for it ... but it 's something that , that put a person at ease . mary thank you . again . norman ( not really a question ) you be not go to go out again and drive up to that diner , be you ? mary no . norman then will you do I a favor ? ( without wait for she response ) will you have supper here ? I be just about to , myself ... nothing more than some sandwich and a lot of milk , but I would like it if you would come up to the house and ... I do not set a fancy table but ... the kitchen 's awful homey . mary I would like to . norman all right , you get you dress hang out and ... change that wet shoe , and I will come for you soon as it 's ready ... ( start out ) ... with my trusty umbrella . ( he laugh a small laugh , run off ) Mary close the door , go to suitcase , open it , start to take out a dress . her handbag be next to the suitcase . she glance down into it , pause , drop the dress , reach into the handbag , take out the money - fill envelope , stare at it , almost with regret , fill contemplate hide it , decide to , start look for a reasonable hide place . she look about , at the closet , the drawer etc. , realize all such place be obvious . catch sight of the newspaper in she bag , she hit on a solution . she open the newspaper , place the envelope within it , lock - fold the paper again and then place it on the bedside table as if it be there for later read . she consider this for a moment , accept it , go to she suitcase to start unpack . suddenly the quiet be shattered by the shrill , ugly sound of a woman 's voice , raise in anger . woman' voice no ! I tell you no ! Mary walk slowly to the window , realize that the terrible voice be come from the house behind the cabin . camera follows she to window and once there we see the light be still on in the upstairs bedroom and the voice be come from that room . the rain have stop and the moon be out . woman' voice I will not have you bring strange young girl in for supper ... ( a ugly , sneering note creep into the voice ) ... by candlelight , I suppose , in the cheap erotic fashion of young man with cheap , erotic mind ! norman' voice mother , please ... woman' voice and then what ? after supper , music ? whisper ? norman' voice mother , she 's just a stranger ... hungry , and the weather 's bad ... woman' voice ( mimick cruelly ) mother , she 's just a stranger ! ( hard , cruel again ) as if man do not desire stranger , as if ... oh , I refuse to speak of disgusting thing because they disgust I ! you understand , Boy ? woman' voice ( pause ) go on , go tell she she will not be appease she ugly appetite with my food ... or my son ! or do I have to tell she , cause you do not have the gut ? huh , boy ? you have the gut , boy ? norman' voice ( blurt cut fury and shame ) shut up ! shut up ! there be the SOUND of a door close in that room up there . Mary have stand by the window , listen with mount distress and concern and sympathy . she turn she face away now , gaze sadly at the little empty room . in a moment there be the SOUND of the house 's front door slamm shut . Mary turn , look out the window . from mary viewpoint - ( night ) we see norman come down the path , carry a napkin-cover tray . int . cabin one - ( night ) Mary look at he for a moment , then turn quickly , go to the door , open it and go out onto the porch . ext . the motel porch - ( night ) Mary pause outside the door , be about to start forward when norman come round the building and walk along the porch , past the office , stop only when he be close to she . he stare with painful embarrassment at the know look in she eye . mary I have cause you some trouble . norman mother ... ( a hollow little laugh , a attempt at sardonic humor ) ... what be the phrase ... " she be not herself today " ... I think that 's it . mary ( look at the tray ) you should not have bother . I really do not have that much of a appetite . norman flinch , realize she have hear he mother 's reference to Mary 's appetite . norman I be sorry . I wish ... people could apologize for other people . mary do not worry about it . ( a warm smile ) but as long as you have make we supper , we may as well eat it . huh ? she begin to back into she room . norman start to follow , hesitates as he see the total picture of a attractive young woman and a motel room . bring down the tray of food , in defiance of he mother 's order , be about the limit of he defiance for one day . he cannot go into Mary 's room . norman it might be nicer ... warmer in the office . without wait for approval or disapproval , he turn , hurry to the office . Mary look after he , she face show amused sympathy , then follow . int . the motel office - ( night ) norman look about , tray in hand , see there be no reasonable place to spread out a supper . he turn , see Mary stand in the doorway . norman eat in a office ... ( a rueful smile ) ...to officious , even for I . I have the parlor behind this ... if you would like . Mary nod . norman walk on , behind the counter and into the darken parlor . Mary follow . int . norman' parlor -( night ) in the darken room , light only by the light from the office spilling in , we see norman place the tray on a table . Mary come to the doorway , pause . norman straighten up , go to lamp , turn on the light . Mary be startle by the room . even in the dimness of one lamp , the strange , extraordinary nature of the room rush up at one . it be a room of bird . stuff bird , all over the room , on every available surface , one even cling to the old fashioned fringe shade of the lamp . the bird be of many variety , beautiful , grand , horrible , preying . Mary stare in awe and a certain fascinate horror . close up - the various bird two shot - mary and norman norman please sit down . on the sofa . as norman go about spread out the bread and ham and pour the milk , we follow Mary across the room . she study the bird as she walk , briefly examine a bookcase stack with book on the subject of " taxidermy . " close up - the book on taxidermy mo . close shot - mary she notice , too , the painting on the wall ; nude , primarily , and many with a vaguely religious overtone . finally Mary reach the sofa , sit down , look at the spread . mary you be very ... kind . norman it 's all for you . I be not hungry . please go ahead . Mary begin to eat , she attitude a bit tense . she take up a small slice of ham , bite off a tiny bite , nibble at it in the manner of one disturb and preoccupy . norman gaze at she , at the tiny bite she have take , smile and then laugh . norman you eat like a bird . mary you would know , of course . norman not really . I hear that expression , that one eat " like a bird , " be really a falsie , I mean a falsity , because bird eat a tremendous lot . ( a pause , then explain ) oh , I do not know anything about bird . my hobby be stuff thing ... taxidermy . and I guess I would just rather stuff bird because ... well , I hate the look of beast when they be stuff , fox and chimp and all ... some people even stuff dog and cat ... but I can not ... I think only bird look well stuff because they be rather ... passive , to begin with ... most of they ... he trail off , he exuberance fail in the rush return of he natural hesitancy and discomfort . Mary look at he , with some compression , smile . mary it 's a strange hobby . curious , I mean . norman uncommon , too . mary I imagine so . norman it 's not as expensive as you would think . cheap , really . Needles , thread , sawdust .. the chemical be all that cost anything . ( he go quiet , look disturb ) mary a man should have a hobby . norman it 's more than a hobby ... sometimes ... a hobby be suppose to pass the time , not fill it . mary ( after a pause , softly ) be you time so empty ? norman oh , no ! ( force brightness again ) I run the office , tend the cabin and grounds , do little chore for mother ... the one she allow I might be capable of do . mary you go out ... with friend ? norman Friends ? who need friend . ( laugh , then with gallow humor ) a boy 's best friend be he mother . ( stop laugh ) you have never have a empty moment in you whole life . have you ? mary only my share . norman where be you go ? I do not mean to pry ... mary ( a wistful smile ) I be look for a private island . norman what be you run away from ? mary ( alert ) why do you ask that ? norman no . people never run away from anything . ( a pause ) the rain do not last very long . ( turn suddenly ) you know what I think ? I think we be all in we private trap , clamp in they , and none of we can ever climb out . we scratch and claw ... but only at the air , only at each other , and for all of it , we never budge a inch . mary sometimes we deliberately step into that trap . norman I be bear in mine . I do not mind it anymore . mary you should ... mind it . norman oh I do ... but I say I do not . ( laugh boyishly ) mary ( stare at he , shaking she head softly . ) if anyone ever speak to I , the way I hear ... the way she speak to you , I do not think I could ever laugh again . norman ( control resentment ) sometimes when she talk that way to I I would like to ... curse she out and leave she forever ! ( a rueful smile ) or at least , defy she . ( a pause , a hopeless shrug ) but I could not . she 's ill . mary she sound strong ... norman I mean ... ill . ( a pause ) she have to raise I all by herself after my dad die ... I be only five ... and it must have be a strain . oh , she do not have to go out to work or anything , dad leave we with a little something ... anyway , a few year ago ... mother meet a man . he talk she into building this motel ... we could have talk she into anything ... and when . well ... it be just too much for she when he die , too ... and the way he die ... oh , it 's nothing to talk about when you be eat . ( pause , smile ) anyway , it be too much of a loss for my mother ... she have nothing leave . mary ( critically ) except you . norman a son be a poor substitute for a lover . ( turn away as if in distaste of the word ) mary why do not you go away ? norman to a private island , like you ? mary no , not like I . norman it 's too late for I . and besides ... who would look after she ? she would be alone up there , the fire would go out ... damp and cold , like a grave . when you love someone , you do not do that to they , even if you hate they . oh , I do not hate she . I hate ... what she 's become . I hate ... the illness . mary ( slowly , carefully ) would not it be better if you put she in ... someplace ... she hesitates . norman turn , slowly , look at she with a strike coldness . norman a institution ? a madhouse ? people always call a madhouse " someplace . " ( mimice coldly ) put she in someplace ! mary I be sorry ... I do not mean it to sound uncare ... norman ( the coldness turn to tight fury ) what do you mean about caring ? have you ever see one of that place ? Inside ? laugh and tear and cruel eye study you ... and my mother there ? why ? have she harme you ? she 's as harmless as ... one of this stuff bird . mary I be sorry . I only feel ... it seem she be harm you . I mean ... norman ( High fury now ) well ? you mean well ? people always mean well , they cluck they thick tongue and shake they head and suggest so very delicately that ... the fury suddenly die , abruptly and completely , and he sink back into he chair . there be a brief silence . Mary watch the troubled man , be almost physically pain by he anguish . norman ( quietly ) I have suggest it myself . but I hate to even think such a thing . she need I ... and it be not ... ( look up with a childlike plead in he eye ) ... it be not as if she be a maniac , a rave thing ... it 's just that ... sometimes she go a little mad . we all go a little mad sometimes . have not you ? mary ( after a long thoughtful pause ) yes , and just one time can be enough . ( rise ) thank you . norman ( cheerfully , correct ) thank you , norman . mary norman . norman you be not go to ... to you room already ? mary I be very tired . and I will have a long drive tomorrow . all the way back to Phoenix . norman Phoenix ? mary I step into a private trap back there -- and I want to go back and ... try to pull myself out . ( look close at norman ) before it 's too late for I , too . norman ( look at she ) why do not you stay a little while , just for talk . mary I would like to , but ... norman alright . I will see you in the morning . I will bring you breakfast . what time will you ... mary very early . Dawn . norman alright , miss ... ( he have forget she name ) mary crane . norman that 's it . ( he frown , as if bother by not be able to match the name to the memory of the name in the registration book ) mary good night . she go out of the parlor . we see she , from norman 's viewpoint , as she cross the small office , go out into the night . norman turn and look at the table , and we see he face now . it be bright with that drunken - like look of determination and encouragement and like resolve . he start to clean up the table , pause as he hear the close of Mary 's door in the cabin next door . he hold still , listen . he go into the office and look at the book . c.u . - the name " samuel " M.S. - norman he go back into the parlor with a mystify expression . the sound of Mary move about she room come over , soft sound , somehow intimate in the night quiet . norman turn he ear from the direction of the sound , seem to be fight a impulse to listen , or more than listen . but slowly , he be force to surrender to the impulse and , resisting himself , he go to the wall , press the side of he head against it . the sound come louder , as if we too have we ear press against the wall . now norman look at a picture hang on the far end of the wall he be lean against . slowly he start toward it . he reach it , touch it , reluctantly lift the small frame off the wall . a tiny circle of light hit norman 's face , come from the hole in the wall behind the picture . this end of the room be very dim and thus we be able to see clearly the light strike norman 's face . we move close to norman , extremely close , until he profile fill the screen . the tiny spot of light hit he eye . see the small hole through which the light come . norman peep through . norman' viewpoint through the hole we look into Mary 's cabin , see Mary undress . she be in she bra and halfslip . she stoops over a bit , place she hand behind she upper back , begin to unhook she bra . norman - ecu he watch as Mary remove she bra . we see he eye run up and down the unseen figure of Mary . norman' viewpoint Mary , just slip into a robe , cover she complete nudity . norman he turn from the hole , face we for a moment , continue turn until he can look out the small parlor window . we see , as he see ... the house in the background norman he turn he face away , quickly , resentfully . in he face we see anger and anguish . and then resolve . quickly , precisely , he rehangs the picture over the hole in the wall , turn , start out of the parlor . we see he go through the office and out onto the porch , not even bother to close the door behind he . CUT to : ext . the motel office porch - ( night ) norman walk along the porch , in the direction of the big house . once on the path he pause , look up at the light in the bedroom window , then pull himself up , square he shoulder , stride manfully up the path . camera follow behind he . he open the door of the house , enter . we see he pause at the foot of the stairway , look up at the bedroom door just at the head of the stair . he hold for a moment , and then he resolve and courage evaporate . his shoulder slump , sadly , mournfully . he by - pass the stair and slowly make he way to the kitchen . at the far end of the hall . he enter the kitchen , drop wearily into a chair . after a moment , he stretch out a leg and gently push the kitchen door close . CUT to : int . mary motel room - ( night ) Mary be seat at the small desk , engross in figure in a small notebook . we see from this figure a calculation which indicate she intention to make a restitution of the money she have use of the forty thousand dollar . we see , too , she bankbook . the paper read thus : top figure , 40000 ; directly beneath it 500 , the amount use for the new car ; total after subtraction , 39,500 . in another spot we see a figure which match the balance in she bankbook ; 624.00 . beneath this be the figure 500 , and the amount after subtraction , 124.00 . she study the figure , sigh , not wearily but with a certain satisfaction , with the pleasure that come when one know that at any cost one be go to continue do the right thing . after a moment she tear the page out of the notebook and , rise , begin to rip it into small piece . she go into the bathroom , drop the piece into the toilet bowl , flush the toilet . then she drop she robe and step into the tub and turn the shower on . int . mary in shower over the bar on which hang the shower curtain , we can see the bathroom door , not entirely close . for a moment we watch Mary as she wash and soap herself . there be still a small worry in she eye , but generally she look somewhat relieved . now we see the bathroom door be push slowly open . the noise of the shower drown out any sound . the door be then slowly and carefully close . and we see the shadow of a woman fall across the shower curtain . Mary 's back be turn to the curtain . the white brightness of the bathroom be almost blind . suddenly we see the hand reach up , grasp the shower curtain , rip it aside . CUT to : mary - ecu as she turn in response to the feel and SOUND of the shower curtain be tear aside . a look of pure horror erupt in she face . a low terrible groan begin to rise up out of she throat . a hand come into the shot . the hand hold a enormous bread knife . the flint of the blade shatter the screen to a almost total , silver blankness . the slashing a impression of a knife slashing , as if tear at the very screen , rip the film . over it the brief gulp of scream . and then silence . and then the dreadful thump as Mary 's body fall in the tub . reverse angle the blank whiteness , the blur of the shower water , the hand pull the shower curtain back . we catch one flicker of a glimpse of the murderer . a woman , she face contort with madness , she head wild with hair , as if she be wear a fright - wig . and then we see only the curtain , close across the tub , and hear the rush of the shower water . above the shower - bar we see the bathroom door open again and after a moment we hear the SOUND of the front door slamm . CUT to : the dead body lying half in , half out of the tub , the head tumble over , touch the floor , the hair wet , one eye wide open as if pop , one arm lie limp and wet along the tile floor . come down the side of the tub , run thick and dark along the porcelain , we see many small thread of blood . camera follows away from the body , travel slowly across the bathroom , past the toilet , out into the bedroom . as camera approach the bed , we see the fold newspaper as Mary place it on the bedside table . close up - the newspaper beside the bed . the camera now move away over to the window and look up to the house , and as it get there we hear , come from within the house , the SOUND of norman 's fearful , shocked voice . norman' voice mother ! oh God , what ... blood , blood ... mother ...! we cannot entirely distinguish this exclamation . after a moment or two of silence , norman emerge from the front door , dash down the path toward the motel . quick CUT to : ext . the path - ( night ) norman be come at camera , run head - on . he dash into a extreme close up and we see the terror and fear ripe in he face . camera pan as norman race past , hold as norman run to the porch and quickly along it and directly to Mary 's room . int . mary cabin - ( night ) norman pause a moment in the doorway , glance about the room , hear the shower go , see the bathroom door be open . he go to the bathroom , look in , see the body . slowly , almost carefully , he raise he hand to he face , cover he eye , turn he face away . then he cross to the window , look out at the house . shot be so angle that we see the bedside table with the newspaper on it . after a moment , norman move from the window , sink onto the edge of the bed . fresh angle - behind norman norman sit on bed , the bathroom in b.g. of shot . we can see only the hand of the dead girl , lie along the tile floor . norman press he eye , fight to find a way out of he dilemma . slowly , a kind of settling come upon he , the peace that come with decision . norman rise , go to the window , look out , and then , with resolution , close the window and draw the curtain across it . then he cross to the front window , face the porch , and draw that curtain close . then he switch off the bedroom light , leave the room light only by the spill from the bathroom . he open the front door , go out . ext . the HOTEL porch - ( night ) norman come out of Mary 's cabin , close the door carefully behind he , go along the porch to he office , go in . we stay outside . immediately , the " vacancy " sign go off , and then the motel sign go off . as camera goe closer to the office , the light within go off and we hear a closet door open and then the SOUND of a pail be pick up . norman come out of office , close door , look cautiously about , go along porch , carry pail with mop in it , go into Mary 's cabin , close the door after he . int . mary cabin with the paper in the foreground , norman enter . we can see he in the dim spill of light . he pause by the door , then gather he strength and go into the bathroom . we hear he set the pail on the tile floor , and then we hear the shower be turn off . and there be total silence . camera move forward so that we can see into bathroom . camera be angle that we see norman only from the waist up . quickly and deftly he unhook the shower curtain , emerge with it into the bedroom . camera pan down and we see he spread the shower curtain on the bedroom floor , just outside the bathroom door . he spread the curtain so that one end of it come up against the bathroom threshold and slightly over and onto the tile floor . again he go into the bathroom and camera tilt up so that we see only the upper half of norman . he work carefully , with he arm extend away from he body , slowly pull the dead body out of the tub , drag it across the tile floor and onto the spread - out shower curtain in the bedroom . have arrange the body , he straighten up , examine he hand , see bloodstain on they . he return to the bathroom , go to the hand -basin . close shot we see he hand be wash , see the bloodstain be dilute and wash away by the gush of the faucet water . norman we see norman shake he hand free of the water , then turn to the job of clean the bathroom . he place the pail in the tub , run water into it , dip the mop in , swab the tile floor . with a towel he wipe off the wall over the tub and the edge and side of the tub and even the shower curtain rod . then he take a second towel and go over the clean area , carefully drying they . finally he rinse and squeeze out the mop , empty the pail , clean out the tub , and go out into the bedroom . int . mary bedroom norman step carefully around the unseen body , cross to the desk , start go through Mary 's handbag , in search of she car key . he suddenly notice they lie on the desk , where he would throw they after parking she car . he pick up the key , cross the room , go out . ext . the porch we see norman pause at the door , check cautiously , then hurry across the porch and into Mary 's car . he circle-turn the car , so that its trunk be back up to the turn porch , directly opposite Mary 's door , as close as it can go . then he alight , go to the trunk , open it with the key and , leave the trunk lid raise , go back into the cabin . int . mary room from a raise angle , we see norman bend down and begin to wrap the shower curtain around the body . we see the edge of the curtain as they be raise and laid down again . then he pick up the wrap body , cross to the door , use he foot to pull the door open , and , leave the door open behind he , go quickly across the porch and gently lay the body in the trunk . he close the lid then , but do not lock it . he come back into the cabin , close the door completely , flick on the light . again the newspaper be in the foreground . for a moment he pause , close he eye against the realization of what he be do , then quickly push all thought away , continue with he work . with the room light , he now proceed to gather up all Mary 's article and toss they into the suitcase . he check all drawer and the closet , get down and check under bed and bureau , go into the bathroom , check that room again , come back into the bedroom , look about carefully , spot Mary 's handbag , throw even that into the suitcase , be finally satisfied that all trace of the girl be go from the room . then he close Mary 's suitcase , pick it up . with he free hand he pick up the pail , in which be the mop and the use towel . he cross to the door , switch off the light with he shoulder , pull open the door , start out . ext . the porch as norman stand in the doorway , he be suddenly and blindingly light by the bright headlight of a pass car . the flash of the light and the SOUND of the speed car be over in a flicker of a moment , but it take a few second for norman to regain he former tense composure . then he go to the car trunk , raise it with he foot , throw the suitcase and the pail into it , slam it shut . he pause a moment , then realize he have leave the bathroom light on in Mary 's cabin . he return to cabin . as he enter , he eye be catch by the newspaper on the bedside table . he go to it , take the newspaper , and look once again into the bathroom . his glance go right over the toilet bowl . he turn out the light , cross the darken cabin , go out onto the porch . he reopen the trunk , toss in the newspaper and close it . he go around and jump into the car and start away . we hold on the trunk , follow it for a while , then dissolve to : ext . the swamp - ( night ) the car pull away from a close angle on the trunk and as camera hold we see that we be now in a swamp area . it be quiet except for the irritate noise of night insect . norman stop the car at the very edge of the swamp , turn off the light , get out , leave door open . he look at the swamp , seem doubtful of its ability to swallow up the car , realize he have no choice . he lean into the car , release the emergency brake , start to push . the front of the car begin to roll into the swamp . suddenly there be the low , throbbing SOUND of a motor . norman freeze , listen . the SOUND grow louder and norman realize it be a airplane fly overhead . the car be roll quickly now . norman jump away , slam the door shut , stand tense . the SOUND of the plane overhead grow louder . norman look up . norman' viewpoint - the black sky we see no plane . the SOUND of the motor be beginning to diminish . CUT back to : norman we see the relief in he face . he look at the car . more than two -third of it have already sink into the swamp . the trunk alone seem to hold poise above the sand and slime , as if refuse to go the rest of the way . norman begin to panic , he step dangerously close , push with he foot . and slowly the car sink , until finally it be go and we hear only the gentle plop of the swamp 's final gulp , and see only the small after-bubble , like a visual burp . norman wait a moment , then begin stamp out the tire mark , so obvious in the wet ground around the swamp . he stamp and drag he foot over the marking as we : dissolve to : close up norman stand on the porch of the motel , lean against a post . he be stare out into the night , a look of guard , casual innocence on he face , as if he be take one last moment of peaceful night air before retire . then he glance down and camera follow he gaze . a hose be lie on the ground outside Mary 's cabin , its stream of water obliterate the tire mark . after a moment , norman 's hand come into shot , pick up hose , place it in a new position . as camera pull back , we see that the water from the hose have erase and rearrange the road marking so that it would be impossible to tell that a car have be park here . after a short wait , norman go to the hose - faucet , turn it off , unscrew the hose . as he roll the hose , he walk away from the spot , past the office , head for the path that lead to the house . he go up the path , pause at the step of the house , toss the curl hose onto the lawn , go up the step and into the house . camera follows he in , pause as he pause at the foot of the stair . norman go up the stair . on the landing he stop . the door to he mother 's room be close . lying in a heap outside the door be a blood-stain dress and a pair of elderly - woman 's shoe . from a extremely high angle , we look down on norman as he bend to pick up the stain dress and shoe . he roll the shoe into the dress , tuck the small , neat bundle under he arm , and start down the stair , head for the basement . ext . a long shot of the old house - ( night ) it stand silhouett against the sky . there be a long wait . then , slowly , a curl of smoke come out of the chimney . fade out : fade in int . back room of sam' hardware store in fairvale - ( day ) Sam be seat at he desk , write a letter . sequence begin with camera in close , over Sam 's shoulder , and we can read as mush as he have write of the letter . the letterhead read " Sam loomis - hardware , " and the letter read : " dearest right - as - always Mary : I be sit in this tiny back room which be not big enough for both of we , and suddenly it look big enough for both of we . so what if we be poor and cramped and miserable , at least we will be happy ! if you have not come to you sense , and still want to ... camera begin pulling away as Sam turn the sheet of paper over , continue back away out of the small back room and head , backwards , down the corridor , we see a young clerk , bob summerfield , Sam 's assistant , stand behind the counter , a look of handsome patience on he face . he be wait on a meticulous , elderly woman customer , who be hold and examine a large can of insecticide . as camera pass : woman customer ... they tell you what its ingredient be and how it 's guarantee to exterminate any insect in the world , but they do not tell you whether or not it 's painless . and I say insect or man , death should always be painless . camera , by this have reach the front door of the hardware store and we now see a girl stand just inside the door . she be a attractive girl with a rather definite manner , a look of purposefulness . she carry a handbag and a small overnight case . she be Mary 's sister , lila crane . Bob summerfield have notice lila , smile brightly at she , give she a I will - be-with - you -in - a- moment nod . lila start to walk toward the counter , never take she eye off Bob . as she approach , she ask quietly : lila Sam ? summerfield you want to see Sam ? lila Sam loomis . summerfield ( yell toward back room ) Sam ! Lady want to see you ! lila look to the back room . the woman customer go on worriedly examine the fine print of the insecticide can . Sam come to the door of he room , pause , look at lila a moment , start toward she , he expression indicate that he do not know she . lila study he with a quiet , worried expression . SAM yes ? lila May I talk to you ? SAM ( a bit mystify ) sure ... lila glance at the customer and the clerk , turn , start toward the front of the store . Sam hold a moment , then follow . as he reach she , she turn , she eye study he intently as she say : lila I be Mary 's sister . SAM lila . lila ( quickly ) be Mary here ? Sam be mystify , and be also aware of the worried , hostile expression on lila 's face . he study she for a quiet moment . behind they be a display of various size carve knife . SAM be something wrong ? lila I want to know if my sister be here . SAM here ? lila with you . SAM where ? lila I do not know where . in you store , somewhere in you town ... anywhere . SAM what 's the matter ? lila do not you know ? as Sam be about to speak , the woman customer come sailing past , speak as she go and wear a satisfied smile . woman customer all I can do be hope if it be not painless , it 's quick ! she speak " quick " with a kind of delicious bite , nod happily , go on out of the store . Sam be now stare apprehensively at lila . SAM what should I know ? lila to begin with , where Mary be . do you ? SAM no . I take it you do not either ? ( as lila shake she head ) how long ? lila last Friday . she leave work , and home ... I be in Tucson over the weekend ... I have not hear from she , not even a phone call . SAM and you think she would come up here , to I ? if she have , what reason would she have for not call you ? lila a good reason , I suppose . SAM ( slightly exasperate ) well what do you think , we elope or something ? or we be live in sin and ... lila Mr. loomis , you be so busy be defensive that you have not even react to the most serious fact of all . Mary be miss . SAM I be get to that ! lila what do you know about it ? SAM nothing ! you be put I on the defensive . lila look , if you two be in this thing together , I do not care , it 's none of my business ... but I want to see Mary . I want she to tell I she 's all right and it 's none of my business . then I will go back to Phoenix and ... she stop , the anxiety and fear building up in she , she eye beginning to fill with worried tear . Sam study she for a moment , then turn and call : SAM Bob ? run out and get yourself some lunch . summerfield it 's okay , Sam , I bring it with I . SAM run out and eat it . Bob get the message , go out through the back way . Sam go closer to lila , speak with soft seriousness . SAM what thing ? lila huh ? SAM what thing could we be in together ? lila ( a pause ) I hate tear . ( take out hankie ) SAM be Mary ... in trouble ? lila yes . SAM well why do not she come to I ... call I ...? lila not that kind ... ( almost a smile ) you man and you ego . SAM ( seriously ) never mind my ego . let 's talk about Mary . they attention be distract by a man who have stroll quietly into the room . he ignore they , walk past they , go behind the counter , take down a sign read " close for lunch , " walk back to the door , close door , hang the sign across the door window , lock the door , turn to Sam and lila , fold he arm , smile a particularly unfriendly smile . arbogast let 's all talk about Mary . SAM who be you , friend ? arbogast milt arbogast , private investigator . ( to lila ) where be she , miss crane ? lila I do not know . arbogast would not have be able to tail you if you do . SAM what 's you interest ? arbogast money . there be a moment 's silence and then , unable to tolerate the sudden frightening happening , Sam explode . SAM somebody better tell I what 's go on and tell I fast ! I can take so much and then ... arbogast ( interrupt calmly ) you girl friend steal forty thousand dollar . Sam look at arbogast in utter shock and in that state ask one of that seemingly ridiculous question . SAM why ? arbogast ( a almost amused smile ) must have need it . SAM what be you talk about ? ( to lila ) what be this ? lila she be suppose to bank it , on Friday , for she boss . she do not . and no one have see she since . arbogast ( look at Sam ) someone have see she . someone always see a girl with forty thousand dollar . ( to Sam ) she be you girl friend , be not she ? lila Sam , they do not want to prosecute , they just want the money back . it be all in cash ... arbogast ( correct with cassidy 's word ) casharoonie ! lila Sam , if she 's here ... SAM she be not ! a real look of anguish come into lila 's face . and arbogast study it , then speak . arbogast you come up here on a hunch , miss crane ? nothing more ? no phone call ... from he , or from you sister herself ? lila ( wearily ) not even a hunch . just hope . arbogast with a little check , I could get to believe you . lila ( anxiously ) I do not care if you do or ... I want to see Mary ... before she get in any deeper ... SAM do you check in Phoenix ... hospital ... maybe she have a accident ... a hold - up ... arbogast she be see leave town in she car . see by she very victim , I might add . SAM ( after a moment ) I do not believe it . ( to lila , slowly ) do you ? lila ( a thoughtful pause ) yes ... I just ... do . the moment they tell I ... SAM you might have doubted for say five minute or so , sister . lila turn from Sam , a flush of guilt and regret in she face . arbogast look at she , quiet sympathetically . arbogast we be always quick to doubt people who have a record for be honest . I think she 's here , miss crane . where there 's a boyfriend ... ( trails off , smile encouragingly ) she will not be back there among the nut and bolt ... but she will be in this town ... somewhere . I will find she . he nod , take down the close - for-lunch sign , sail it to the counter , open door , go out into the street . after a quiet moment : lila I just listen ... and believe everything they tell I . ' she steal the money . ' ' we do not want to get she in trouble . ' ' no do not bring the police in '... SAM it be she boss ' idea not to report it to the police ? lila no . the man whose money she ... he talk so loud and fast , and I ... I should have call the police . SAM he must have have a darn good reason for want they keep out of it ... all that cash ... lila I ought to call the police right now ! SAM no. lila why not ? Sam , be she hide here ? be you two plan to go away with the money ? SAM how could I go away ? I be in debt up to my ... ( smile at the incongruity of he reply , then go serious ) if she do steal that money ... it 's hard to believe she do because it 's hard to see why she would . unless she have some wild idea that it would help I ... we ... lila she have not even call you ? SAM I do not see she ... and I do not hear from she ! believe that ! lila I need to ... I need to believe something . this be the first time I have ever come up against anything I could not ... understand . SAM you have lead a charme life . lila no . I just think ... anything can be explain . but Mary , do a thing like this ... I do not know how to handle ... SAM maybe we can handle it together . ( he smile encouragingly ) lila ( a rueful shrug ) I come fly up here expect to get some explanation ... for all I know , she may be try to get in touch with I , at home . I would better go home . SAM ( a thoughtful pause ) I think she will contact I if she contact anybody . why do not you stay here . when she show up ... or call ... be here . lila ( a long study , she suspicion of he evaporate ) you want I to stay here ? SAM she will need both of we . lila ( consider , then : ) where ... can I stay ? SAM ( brightly ) first rate hotel , fifty yard up the street . come on . ( as he reach for the close - for-lunch sign ) after we check you in we will go to the drugstore and get you a sandwich . then we will come back here ... and wait . he hang the sign on the door , usher lila out , close door behind he . CUT to : ext . STREET - ( day ) they emerge from the store and walk along to the hotel . as they enter , arbogast be in the act of take over a white Ford sedan from a rental car man . they glance at he and he return a cynical look . dissolve to : ext . HOTEL - ( day ) outside another hotel we see arbogast alight from the white car and go into new hotel . dissolve to : ext . countryside - ( day ) the white car speed along the highway . dissolve to : ext . new motel - ( day ) arbogast go into the office - we see the sign above he . dissolve to : ext . bate ' motel - ( day ) a high shot show the freeway and bate house and motel on the side old highway . a pause and then across the bottom of the picture a white car speed by on the freeway . dissolve to : ext . HOTEL - ( dusk ) another Hotel . arbogast go in . dissolve to : ext . bate ' motel - ( day ) the white car speed along the freeway again go in the opposite direction to last time . norman , a tiny figure , be see go up the step to he mother 's house . dissolve to : ext . boarding house - ( day ) arbogast 's search be get down in the scale . this be a entrance to a cheesy board house . " room to Rent , " etc . he look at he list and then go in . dissolve to : ext . bate ' motel - ( day ) the white car go by on the freeway again . dissolve to : ext . rooming house - ( day ) arbogast go in . dissolve to : ext . bate ' motel - ( twilight ) heavy traffic on the freeway . a beat or two - again the white car . it slow up opposite the distant motel . it make a turn and go back out of scene . a pause and it reappear on the old road and slowly make its way toward the bate ' Motel . ext . the bate ' house and motel - ( twilight ) we now see norman . he have bring out a old rock chair and have place it on the office porch and be sit hunch in it . and he be darn one of he own sock . camera hold . Beyond the porch , and norman , we see the old house and can barely make out , in the twilight dimness , the figure of he mother seat at the window . here , too , there be that quality of quiet peace surround by a vague forebode . now norman look up at the SOUND of the approach car . and continue look as the car come to a stop and arbogast get out . arbogast give the place a quick once - over , gaze at norman , start forward . in he step and manner there be that bored , routine - logge quality of a man who have see too many motel and ask question of too many hotel manager over too short a period of time . norman rise as arbogast come forward . norman ( shove sock in he pocket ) I always forget to put the sign on , but we do have vacancy . ( cheerfully ) twelve in fact . twelve cabin , twelve vacancy . arbogast ( pleasantly ) in the past two day I have be to so many motel , my eye be bleary with neon . this be the first one that look like it be hide from the world at large . norman I do not really forget the sign , it just do not seem ... any use . ( point ) this use to be the main highway . ( start for office ) want to register , please ? arbogast sit down . I do not want to trouble you , just want to ask ... norman no trouble . today 's linen day . I change all the bed once a week , whether they have be use or not ... dampness . I hate the smell of dampness . ( open office door ) it 's such a dank smell . norman be hold the door open , so arbogast walk in . norman follow . int . motel office - ( twilight ) norman switch on the overhead light , start for the linen closet , suddenly pause , turn , study arbogast , who have remain stand by the door . norman you out to buy a motel ? arbogast no . norman oh . I think ... you say you would be to so many in two day ... what be it you want to ask ? arbogast I be look for a miss person . ( take out and open wallet and extend it as he speak ) my name 's arbogast , private investigator ... ( take back wallet when norman do not look at it ) try to trace a young girl who 's be miss almost a week . from Phoenix . ( a look at norman 's frighten expression ) it 's a private matter ... family want to forgive she ... ( smile ) she be not in trouble . norman ( force a smile ) I do not think the police go search for people who be not in trouble . arbogast I be not the police . norman oh . he wait a moment , then open closet , start count out sheet and pillow case , keep he back to arbogast . arbogast take a photograph out of he pocket , talk as he cross to norman . arbogast we have reason to believe she come this way ... might have stop in this area ... ( extend photograph , which norman do not glance at ) do she stop here ? norman no . no one have stop here in week ... arbogast mind look at the picture before commit yourself ? norman commit myself to what ? you sure talk like a policeman . arbogast look at the picture . please . norman glance , briefly , turn away , lift sheet and pillow case off the shelf hold they close , almost protectively . norman no . at least I do not recall . arbogast she might have use a alias . Mary crane 's the real name , but she might have register ... norman ( interrupt ) I do not even bother with guest register any more ... I mean , little by little , you drop the formality . ( more relaxed , because arbogast be listen with a pleasant smile ) I should not even bother to change the linen . I guess habit die hard . which remind I ... he go to the wall , flip a light switch . norman the vacancy sign . just in case . we have a couple the other night , say if the sign have not be on they would have think this be a old desert mining town or something . arbogast now there 's a couple even remark about you sign , and see how easily you forget they ? norman what ? arbogast you think no one have stop here in week . now , try to remember if this girl ... arbogast ( a pause , a study ) maybe she even sign the register ... because habit die hard . let 's check it , huh ? norman say nothing . arbogast go to the desk , pull the registry book around , flip back a page or two . norman simply stare at the man . arbogast hum faintly , pleasantly , as he examine the page . then : arbogast yes sir ! Marie samuel . interesting alias . he take a slip of paper out of he pocket , lay it beside the signature in the registry book , all the while nodd and smile nicely , as if this discovery will make norman as happy as it be make he . arbogast do not know where she get " Marie , " but " samuel " figure . her boy friend 's name be Sam . ( turn to norman , the smile go ) be she in disguise ? or do you want to check the picture again ? norman I do not lie to you . I just have trouble keep track of ... time . arbogast have reach he , the picture extend . norman look dutifully at it . norman it be raining and she hair do not look like that ... dampe out , I guess . arbogast tell I all about she . norman she arrive kind of late , wet and hungry and she be very tired and go right to bed and leave early . arbogast how early ? norman very early . Dawn . arbogast of which morning ? norman the follow morning . Sunday . arbogast no one meet she ? norman no. arbogast or arrive with she . norman no. arbogast she do not call anyone ? even locally ? norman no. arbogast you do not spend the whole night with she do you ? norman no ! of all ... arbogast how do you know she do not make a call ? norman she be tired . she say she have a long drive ahead of she , in the morning ... yes , now I be remember very clearly because I be picture . when you make a picture of the moment in you mind , you can remember every detail . she be sit back there , no she be stand up , with some sandwich still in she hand , and she say she have to drive a long way . arbogast back where ? norman what do you mean ? arbogast you say she be sit " back there , " or stand rather ... norman oh . my private parlor . she have a awful hunger ... so I make she some supper . and then she go to bed and leave in the morning . I do not even see she leave . arbogast how do she pay you ? norman what ? arbogast Cash or check ? for the cabin ... norman Cash . arbogast and when she leave , she never come back . norman why should she ? I be sorry , I have work to do , mr... if you do not mind ... arbogast I do mind . if it do not jell , it be not aspic ! ( smile ) this be not jelling . norman I do not know what you expect I to know about ... people come and go ... arbogast she be not still here , be she ? norman not at all ! arbogast suppose I want to search the cabin , all twelve ... would I need a warrant ? norman ( as if pleasantly exasperate ) look , if you will not believe I , go ahead . you can help I make bed if you like . ( laugh , shake he head ) come on . he start out . arbogast pause , momentarily confuse by the young man 's openness . CUT to : ext . the motel porch - ( night ) norman walk down the porch , hesitates before cabin one , walk on a bit toward cabin two , stop , turn to see if arbogast be follow . arbogast have come out onto the porch , but be not follow . he have walk to the opposite end of the porch and be stand at its edge , look up at the old house . the upstairs window be in darkness . the neon of the vacancy and Motel sign splash strange light over the scene . norman Change you mind ? arbogast do not reply . norman become apprehensive , start to arbogast , force himself to remain calm and cheerful . norman I guess I have get one of that face you can not help believe . arbogast ( to norman , but continue to stare at the house ) anyone at home ? norman I live there . alone . arbogast someone be sit in that window . norman my mother . arbogast turn , gaze seriously at he . norman she 's ... ill . confine to she room . it 's practically live alone . arbogast ( after a pause ) if this girl Mary crane be here , you would have no reason to hide she would you ? norman of course not . arbogast if she pay you well ? norman now , look ...! arbogast or if she have you say ... gallantly protect she ... you would not be fool ... you would know she be just use you . would not you ? norman I be not a fool ! and I be not capable of be fool ! not even by woman ! arbogast I do not mean that as a slur on you manhood . I be sorry . norman ( disturb now ) that 's all right . maybe she could have fool I . but ... ( a rueful smile ) she do not fool my mother . arbogast you mother meet she ? ( quickly ) can I talk to you mother ? norman no . I tell you , she 's confine ... arbogast just for a moment . she might have pick up a hint you would miss . arbogast sick old woman be sharp . come on , I will not disturb ... norman no ! just no ! I have one of that break point like any other man , believe it or not , and I be near it . there 's just so much push I can take and I think ... arbogast all right ! ( start away , toward he car , pause ) might save I a lot of leg-work if I could just talk to you mother . but I would need a warrant for that , will not I ? norman do not respond . arbogast get in he car , start the motor . norman look up , study the man 's face , he own face show apprehension . arbogast back the car around very slowly , he gaze divide between the old house and the light window of cabin two . as he turn the car out , he headlight light up the porch . norman stand , watch he drive away . ext . phone booth - ( night ) the car pull up and arbogast get out of car , leave motor run . as he start to walk across the highway , camera pull away and we CUT to : ext . highway with telephone booth - ( night ) arbogast get to the phone booth , enter . camera start forward , and we see arbogast remove a small notebook from he pocket , check on a number , drop a dime in the slot and dial this number . as we reach phone booth , CUT to : arbogast ( into phone ) miss crane , please . ( listen ) she leave a number ? ( listen ) thanks . ( hang up , dial again , wait ) lila there , Mr. loomis ? arbogast . ( wait ) lila ? look , this be not much , but it might make you feel a little better . Mary be up here . spend last Saturday night at bate ' Motel , out here on the old highway . ( listen ) Young fellow run it , say Mary spend the night , leave , period ! ( listen ) I do question he , believe I . I think I get all there be to get . just have to try to pick up the scent from here . ( listen ) well ... maybe that 's because I do not feel entirely satisfied . he 's get a sick old mother , confine type , and I think she see Mary and talk to she . shame , too ... confine old woman love to talk to stranger . ( listen ) I be , but I think I will go back to the motel , first . ( listen ) no , you stay put , lila . with loomis . I should be back in a hour. ( listen ) all right . and lila ... you will be happy to know what I think . I think we friend Sam loomis do not even know Mary be here . ( smile ) see you in a hour . or less . he hang up , get out of the phone booth . dissolve to : ext . bate ' motel - ( night ) a distant view of the House and Motel . there be a light on in the house . there be also a light on in norman 's office . we see norman emerge from he office and move along the porch toward the distant cabin . he carry sheet on he arm . he go into the last cabin and switch the light on . into the foreground the hood of the white Ford enter the scene and stop . arbogast get out . he go over to the Motel office . ext . motel office - ( night ) arbogast go in . int . office - ( night ) arbogast look around the empty office and call . arbogast bate ! he go over to the door to the parlor and enter . he look around the bird-ridd room . he stop short as he see : c.u . - the old safe in the corner c.u . - arbogast go over to it . he find it unlock . with a quick , cautious look around he open it . c.u . - the empty safe c.u . - arbogast straighten up and go out . ext . motel office - ( night ) arbogast come out and look off . he see : the last lit cabin the door ajar . c.u . - arbogast - ( night ) would go along but he stop with a new think . he turn around and look off . l.s. - the old house from he viewpoint - ( night ) c.u . - arbogast come to a decision . he go off . l.s. arbogast dash up the stone step to the House . medium shot camera hold as arbogast go up onto the porch . the house be dark within except , as we can now see , for a faint spill of light in the foyer , light which come from the upstairs hall . arbogast go to the live room window , look in , see only darkness . then he go to the door , listen for along moment , hear nothing . very slowly , almost painfully , he turn the knob of the door and push gently with he arm and shoulder . the door begin to open . he allow it to open just enough for he to slip through and into the foyer . CUT to : int . foyer of bate ' house - ( night ) arbogast gradually ease the door close , stand against it , wait . he look up in the direction of the light , see no one . the door at the head of the stair be close . arbogast listen , hold he breath , hear what could be human sound come from upstairs but realize this could also be the sound of a old house after sunset . after a careful wait , he cross to the stair , start up , slowly , guardedly , place a foot squarely on each step to test it for squeak or groan before place he full weight on it . camera follows , remain on floor level but travelling along the stairway as arbogast make he way up . CUT to : extremely high angle int . stairway and upstair landing we see arbogast come up the stair . and now we see , too , the door of the mother 's room , open , carefully and slowly . as arbogast reach the landing , the door open and the mother step out , she hand raise high , the blade of a enormous knife flash . c.u . - a big head of a astonished arbogast the knife slashes across he cheek and neck . blood spurt . the sudden attack throw he off balance . he stumble back and stagger down the whole of the staircase . he frantically grope for the balustrade as he go backwards down the stair . the camera follows he all the way . a wick knife keep thrust itself into the foreground . as he collapse at the bottom , the black head and shoulder of Mrs. bate plunge into the foreground as the camera move in to contain the raise and descend murder weapon . fade out fade in int . back room of hardware store - ( night ) lila be sit close by the phone , and look as if she have not move from it in the last hour . Sam be pace , occasionally stop at the window , glance out , pace again . the ash tray close to lila be fill . there be a thick atmosphere of smoke , tension and weariness in the small , otherwise cozy room . SAM ( at window , quietly ) sometimes Saturday night have a lonely sound . ever notice , lila ? lila ( unable to keep up small talk ) Sam . he say a hour . or less . SAM it 's be three . lila be we just go to go on sit here ? SAM ( suddenly cheerful ) he will be back . let 's sit still and hang on , okay ? lila you have a awfully nice habit , Sam . SAM hundred ! which one be you pet ? lila whenever I start contemplate the panic button , you back straighten up and you eye get that god-look - out - for-everybody look and ... I feel better . SAM I feel better when you feel better . lila ( a pause - then she rise ) where 's the old highway ? SAM you want to run out there , bust in on arbogast and the sick old lady , shake she up and maybe spoil everything arbogast 's be building for the last three hour . lila yes . SAM that would not be a wise thing to do . lila patience do not run in we family . Sam , I be go out there ! SAM arbogast say ... lila a hour ! or less ! Sam stare at she , frown in concern over she very real anxiety , go to the phone , dial operator . SAM ( into phone ) get the number of the motel out on the old highway ? bate , I think . ( wait ) lila Sam ! why call when we can go ? SAM and maybe pass arbogast on the road ? ( into phone ) thanks . he press down the receiver , release it , dial bate ' Motel . the faint other - end ringing tone can be hear , repeatedly , annoyingly . he wait . SAM ( to lila ) probably on he way back right now . lila Sam , I be go . SAM ( hang up and pick up he jacket ) you will never find it . he start for the door . lila follow after he into the store . int . store he pause halfway down , turn , put he hand on she arm . SAM stay here . lila why can not I go out there with you ? SAM ( look at she ) I do not know ... ( he collect himself ) one of we have to be here in case arbogast 's on the way . lila ( nervously ) just wait here ? SAM ( a warm smile ) contemplate you ... panic button . he hurry down to the street door and out . camera hold on lila as she stare after Sam . as she stand alone in the darken store , all the hardware seem to take on sinister shape . c.u . among some bathroom fitting a nozzle from a shower fall onto the floor . medium shot lila turn and pick if from the floor and put it back in its place . she turn and again look to the desert street with a touch of anxiety . she give a slight unconscious shiver . dissolve to : ext . the swamp - ( night ) tall and lonely still against the moonlight , the figure of norman , silhouett . he do not move , merely stand there at the edge of the swamp , stare down at the now calm and quiet face of it . CUT to : ext . the motel and house - ( night ) all light be out , except the light in norman 's mother 's room . and she figure can be see sit in the window , relaxed in a high - back chair , she face turn into the room . after a second , we hear the SOUND of a motor , and then Sam 's small pick - up truck swing into the driveway . Sam stop the motor , automatically switch off headlight , pause as he observe the silence and darkness of the area . then he hop out of the cab , go quickly to the office , knock on the door . as he wait for a response , he look down the long porch , study the darken cabin , knock again , louder , look in the other direction and see the house and the figure at the one light window . he stare a moment then call loudly : SAM arbogast ? CUT to : ext . the swamp the silhouette of norman . he be still . over shot , very dimly , come the SOUND of sam' voice , call again for arbogast . norman turn slowly until , in silhouette , we see he profile , he chin lower furtively as he look over he shoulder in the direction of the house . there be silence for a moment , and then again the SOUND of Sam pounding at the door . dissolve to : int . hardware store - ( night ) the store be in darkness , only the glow from the back room spilling in . l.s. with camera place with its back to the street door , we can see the distant tiny figure of lila seat and wait in the back room beyond . there be a SOUND of a car pull up . the tiny figure jump up and run all the way from the back room down the aisle of hardware and come into a big head . we see lila 's desperate anxious look . medium shot from she viewpoint we see Sam alight from he truck and come toward the door of the store . he enter . he and lila exchange quiet glance . SAM he do not come back here ? lila ( worriedly ) Sam . SAM no arbogast . no bate . and only the old lady at home ... ( frown ) a sick old lady unable to answer the door ... or unwilling . lila where could he have go ? SAM maybe he get some definite lead . maybe he go right on ... lila without call I ? SAM in a hurry . lila Sam , he call I when he have nothing definite , nothing but a dissatisfied feel . do not you think he would have call if he have anything ... SAM ( interrupt ) yes . I think he would have . lila go quiet . Sam start toward the back room , pause at the doorway , turn . lila have remain by the door , look out at the street . she feel he pause , turn , and for a moment they share at each other across the darken room . SAM let 's go see Al Chambers . lila who 's he ? SAM he 's the deputy sheriff around here . as he start forward . dissolve to : ext . STREET the sheriff live on - ( night ) a dark , quiet , tree -ceiling street , the small neat house dim in the moonlight . Sam 's pick - up truck come down the street , pull up before the house of sheriff Chambers . camera move in on Sam and lila as they remain for a moment in the truck 's cab , stare quietly at the sleep house . SAM we deputy sleep . lila well ? SAM nothing . just ... all the light out ... must be asleep . lila ( a small exasperation ) do that mean we can not ... SAM no. I be just procrastinate . people hate when the doorbell ring in the middle of the night . ( give up , start out ) come on . he get out of cab , go around to help lila . she be already out . camera follows they up the small path to the front door . Sam press the bell button . both he and lila be almost knock over by the shocking , clanging , ear- split blast of the bell within the house , a ring which sound more like a fire alarm than a doorbell . he try to smile , fail . lila do not even try . the downstairs hall light go on and a moment later the door be unhesitatingly open by mrs . chamber , a small , lively stick of a woman wrap in a thick flannel robe and a corona of hospitality . mrs . chamber oh ? SAM sorry , Mrs. Chambers . I hate bother you ... mrs . chamber you do not ! ( a cross look up at the bell ) it 's tinkerbell . ( a quick smile at lila ) Al want to be sure he will hear it if anyone ring it in the middle of the night . ( to Sam ) well come on in , at least ! as she open the door wide , CUT to : int . downstair hall of sheriff' house - ( night ) fat rose splatter the wallpaper . the stair be carpete . the lighting be bright . there be a perfectly fitting wall phone by the parlor arch . Mrs. Chambers go to the stairway , yell up . mrs . chamber Albert ! ( a tiny wait , a smile as Sam and lila enter ) Al Chambers ! Sam be about to close the door behind he . Mrs. Chambers motion for he not to , scurries across the hall , lean outside , press the doorbell . the ring within the house be even more shatter . she close the door , start to the stairway , pause as the sound of movement above come over shot . mrs . chamber customer ! sheriff chamber come down the stair , in a bathrobe which match he wife 's . he be a tall , narrow man with a face originally destine for mount rushmore . he nod at Sam , look at he with wide - awake eye and a no - nonsense concern . SAM we have a problem . mrs . chamber ( to lila ) let 's go out back and have some coca while the man be talk . lila no , thank you . it 's my problem , too . SAM I do not know where to start ... ( a look at lila ) except at the beginning . lila yes . SAM ( to sheriff ) this be lila crane , from Phoenix . she 's be here for a few day , look for she sister . there 's a private detective help ... and , well , we get a call tonight , from this detective , say he would trace Mary ... mrs . chamber Mary be lila 's sister ? SAM yes . he trace she to that motel , out on the old highway ... mrs . chamber ( to the sheriff ) bate ' motel. ( to lila ) he have a mind like a mechanical brain and the more information you feed it ... go on , Sam . SAM he trace she there and call we to say he be go to question Mrs. bate ... mrs . chamber ( a pleasant shock ) norman take a wife ? SAM no . a old woman , he mother . ( to sheriff , quickly ) that be early this evening . and we have not see or hear from he since . I go out to the motel , just get back . no one be in the office , and ... lila ( interrupt , anxiously ) will you help we ? I think something 's wrong out there ! sheriff ( after a considerate pause ) now . you sister be miss how long ? lila she leave Phoenix a week ago yesterday . and no trace until ... sheriff how would you and this detective come to trace she to fairvale ? SAM they think she would be come to I . sheriff Left Phoenix under she own steam ? lila yes . sheriff ( a pause ) she be not miss so much as she 's run away . SAM yes . sheriff from what ? lila ( a look at sam , then : ) she steal some money . sheriff a lot ? lila forty thousand dollar . sheriff and the police have not be able to ... SAM ( interrupt ) everyone concerned think ... if they could get she to give back the money ... they could avoid involve she with the police . sheriff explain the private detective . he trace she to the bate place . what would he exactly say when he call you ? lila Mary have be there , one night , and have leave . sheriff with the forty thousand dollar ? lila he do not mention the money . ( anxiously ) what he say on the phone be not important , be it ? he be suppose to come back after he speak to the mother , and he do not ! that 's what I want you to do something about ! sheriff like what ? lila go out there ! find somebody , ask some question ! ( a pause ) I be sorry if I seem over - anxious to you . I keep think ... something 's wrong . I have to know what ! sheriff I think something 's wrong , too , miss . but not the same thing . I think you private detective be what 's wrong . ( as lila be about to object ) I think he get himself a hot lead as to where you sister be go ... probably from norman bate ... and call you to keep you still while he take off after she and the money . lila he say he be dissatisfied ... and be go back . mrs . chamber ( to sheriff ) why do not you call norman and let he say just what happen , if he give the man a hot lead and he do just scoot off ... it will make the girl feel better , Albert . sheriff at this hour ? SAM he be out when I be there . if he 's back he probably be not even in bed yet . sheriff he be not out when you be there . he just be not answer the door in the dead of night ... like some people do . this fellow life like a hermit ... mrs . chamber recluse . Kinder word . sheriff ( to Sam ) you must remember that bad business out there . about ten year ago ... SAM I have only be here five . right now it feel like ten , but ... lila all right ! then call ! at least , call ! Mrs. Chambers go to phone , dial operator . mrs . chamber ( into phone ) florrie , the sheriff want you to connect he with the bate Motel . she hand the receiver to the sheriff . he take it , reluctantly , listen to the dim sound of ringing on the other end . after a moment : sheriff ( into phone ) norman ? sheriff Chambers . ( listen ) be just fine , thanks . listen , we get some worry here . do you have a man stop out there tonight ... ( listen ) well , this one would not be a customer , anyway . a private detective , name of ... mrs . chamber arbogast . sheriff ( into phone ) arbogast . ( listen ) and after he leave ? ( listen ) no , it 's okay , norman . how 's it be go out there ? ( listen ) well , I think you oughta unload that place and open up closer in to the action , a smaller place , you know ... but ... lila please ! sheriff ( into phone ) sorry I get you up , boy . go back to sleep . yeah , be glad to . ( hang up , turn to Mrs. Chambers ) Said to give you he regards . SAM ( faint irony ) be that all ? sheriff this detective be out there and norman tell he about the girl and the detective thank he and go away . lila and he do not go back ? do not see the mother ? the sheriff look long at lila , shake he head sympathetically . sheriff you should have call in the police the second you find you sister have skip . you go start private investigation , use people you do not even know ... lila what difference do that ... sheriff you detective tell you a nakedface lie . mrs . chamber bareface . sheriff he tell you he be not come right back cause he want to question norman bate ' mother , right ? lila yes . sheriff ( a pause , then calmly ) norman bate ' mother have be dead and bury in greenlawn Cemetery for the last ten year ! there be a long silence . Sam and lila stare at the sheriff . mrs . chamber I help norman pick out the dress she be bury in . periwinkle blue . sheriff it be not only local history , Sam , it 's the only murder - and -suicide case in fairvale ledger ! Mrs. bate poison this guy she be ... involved with , when she find out he be marry , then take a help of the same stuff herself . strychnine . Ugly way to die . mrs . chamber norman find they dead together . in bed . SAM you mean that old woman I see sittin ' in the window be not norman bate ' mother ? mrs . chamber ( hopefully , happily ) maybe you see Mary ! SAM I would know the difference between Mary and a old woman . sheriff now wait a minute , Sam . you sure you see a old woman ? SAM yes ! in the house behind the motel . I pound and call but she ... just ignore I . sheriff and you want to tell I you see norman bate ' mother . lila it must have be . arbogast say so , too ... and he say the young man would not let he see she because she be ill ! the sheriff stare at both of they , and when he finally speak there be a almost inaudible tone or irony in he voice . sheriff well , if the woman up there be Mrs. bate ... who 's that woman bury out at greenlawn Cemetery ? quick CUT to : int . norman' parlor behind office - ( night ) norman sit in the dim , one - lamp light , the phone next to he , he hand still near it as if he have not be able to move he hand after hang up . he be stare at the shrike - like bird which be perch on the lamp shade . decision and resolution be beginning to show in he face . suddenly he rise , start quickly out of the room , try to switch off the lamp as he go and in so do succeed only in knock the bird off the shade . he watch it fall , do not try to catch it . it hit the floor with a thud and sawdust spill out . he stare sadly at it , for a moment , then tend down , scoops up the sawdust , try to press it into the split seam , pick up the bird , put it in a drawer . then he put out the lamp , go out , cross the darken office and go outside . CUT to : ext . motel and house - ( night ) norman come off the porch , walk to the path and directly up to the house , open the door and go in . CUT to : int . downstair hallway and stairway - ( night ) shoot up the stair norman go up , pause one moment outside he mother 's door , then open it and go in , leave the door open . for a moment we hear only norman 's low , quiet voice , he word indistinguishable . then we hear the cold shot of he mother 's derisive laughter . mother' voice I be sorry , boy , but you do manage to look ludicrous when you give I order ! norman' voice please , mother ... mother' voice ( sharp , laughter all go ) no ! I will not hide in the fruit cellar ! ( a shrill laugh ) think I be fruity , huh ? ( hard , cold again ) I be stay right here ! this be my room and no one will drag I out of it ... least of all my big bold son ! norman' voice ( rising now , anxiously ) they will come now , mother . he come after the girl and now someone will come after he ! how long do you think you can go on ... mother , please , just for a few day , just so they will not find you ! mother' voice ( mimick ) just for a few day ... ( furious ) in that dank fruit cellar ? no ! you hide I there once , boy , and you will not do it again ! not ever again ! now get out ! ( a pause , quiet ) I tell you to get out , boy ! ( a longer pause ) norman ! what do you think you be go to do ? do not you touch I ! do not ! norman ! ( a pause , then cajolingly ) all right , son , put I down and I will go . I will go on my own two foot . I can go on my own two foot , can not I ? during all this the camera have be slowly creep up the stair . it do not stop at the top however , but continue on the same high angle that we have in scene 57 . she start to laugh , a terrible sound like a obscene melody . norman' voice I will carry you , mother . norman come out of the room , he mother hold in he arm , she head lean against he shoulder . he carry she down the stair , along the lower landing to the cellar stair , and then down that stair to the basement . dissolve to : ext . fairvale presbyterian church - ( morning ) a overcast morning , but a sunny - face crowd . the service be just over , there be contentment , and peace , and just a little I - went-to-church -smugness in the face of the churchgoer as they come out of the chapel , and spread they separate way away . amongst the crowd , wait and search the face , be Sam and lila . in they expression there be no peace , no contentment . camera move in close . they be not speak . lila look as if she have have no sleep . suddenly , Sam become alert , take lila 's arm , start toward the church . camera move with they , stop as they approach sheriff and Mrs. Chambers . the sheriff stare rather sympathetically at lila . Mrs. Chambers smile nicely . SAM we think , if you do not mind , we would go out to the motel with you . mrs . chamber he 's already be . sheriff go out before service . mrs . chamber have you two have breakfast ? SAM ( to sheriff , not a question ) you do not find anything . sheriff nothing . here , let 's clear the path . he move away and the other follow . camera pan they to the curb . lila ( interrupt ) do he say anything about my sister ? sheriff just what he tell you detective . she use a fake name , see the register myself . saw the whole place , as a matter of fact . that boy be alone there . SAM no mother . sheriff you must have see a illusion , Sam . now , I know you be not the see - illusion type ... but no woman be illusion there and I do not believe in ghost , so there it be ! lila I still feel ... sheriff can see you do . sorry I could not make you feel better . you want to come to my office this afternoon and report a miss person ... and the theft , be what you want to do ! sooner you drop this thing in the lap of the law , that 's the sooner you will stand a chance of you sister bein ' pick up . how about that ? lila I do not know . mrs . chamber it 's Sunday . come over and do the report at the house , 'round dinner time . make it nicer . you too , Sam . she smile brightly , as if have invite they over to discuss this year 's charity fandango , take the sheriff 's arm , start away . the sheriff nod as he go . Sam and lila be alone now , at the curb , before the desert chapel . for a long moment they just stand there , they face as gray and overcast as the sky . SAM maybe I be the see - illusion type . lila you be not . Sam take she arm , start walk she up the street toward the spot where he pick - up truck be park . camera follows they . SAM want I to drop you at the hotel ? or you want to come over to the store ? lila do not answer . they reach the truck . lila look directly at Sam as he help she into the cab . lila I will not feel satisfied unless I get out there , Sam . SAM neither will I . he slam the door , hurry around truck , get into driver 's seat , start motor . as the truck drive off , dissolve to : SAM and lila in truck - ( process - highway ) for a moment , both be silent ; Sam watch the road as if there be other car on it , lila stare at nothing in particular , except perhaps she own inner fear . lila I wonder if we will ever see Mary again . SAM of course we will . lila alive . Sam look as if he would like to say something humorous , something to cheer she . he cannot . he remain silent . lila we live together all we life . when we wake up one morning and find ourselves orphan , Mary quit college and get a job , so I could go to college . SAM where would you go to college ? lila I do not . I get a job , too . ( a pause ) I wonder if that hurt she , my not let she sacrifice for I ? some people be so willing to suffer for you that they suffer more if you do not let they . SAM ( almost to himself ) she be willing to lick the stamp . lila look quizzically at he , be too concerned to pursue it . lila I wonder so many thing about she now . why she never tell I about you ... funny , when you think there 's a answer to everything , you think you know all the answer . SAM we be go to get marry . be go to get marry ! lila do you know how I find out about you ? I find one of you letter ... it be a nice letter , Sam . SAM this be the old highway . lila I suppose ... when you be able to marry she she would have present you , all shiny and proper ... she always try to be proper . SAM watch you tense . lila huh ? SAM she always try to be proper . Sam slow the truck to a stop , sigh , start to light up a cigarette . lila look questioningly and impatiently at he . lila you go to wait here for I ? SAM I be go with you . but we would better decide what we be go to say and do when we walk in ... lila we be go to register . as man and wife . and get show to a cabin ... and then search every inch of that place , inside and ... outside . SAM you will not believe it ... ( start motor ) but this will be the first time I have ever pull one of that man - and - wife-rent - cabin caper ! lila ( a tiny smile , first in hour ) I believe it . as truck start to drive on , CUT to : ext . the bate motel and house - ( day ) the place be empty and silent and wash dirty by the deep gray of the cloudy sky . we see Sam 's truck turn into the driveway and pull to a stop . after a moment , Sam and lila get out of the truck . fresh angle Close on Sam and lila as they meet on the porch side of the truck . the motel office and the house beyond can be see in b.g. of shot . Sam and lila merely stare for a moment , then turn and gaze up at the house . there be no figure in the window and the shade be draw . same go to the office door , peer in , knock , open door , enter . lila remain on the driveway , beside the truck . CUT to : int . the mother' room - ( day ) close angle on norman stand by the window . he have pull the curtain very slightly apart , be stare out and down at the motel , he eye study the lone figure of lila , who be stand by the truck and look up at the house . norman study she , and as she eye look up at this very window he close the curtain , turn away . we see the suspicion and fear in he face , the surge of panic and he struggle to contain it . then he go away . camera remain on window , shoot out and down , and through the frail curtain we can see Sam as he come out of the motel office and join lila . ext . motel office - close on SAM and lila SAM ( unconsciously whisper ) I wonder where norman bate do he hermite ? lila someone be at that window . I see the curtain move . Sam take lila 's arm . SAM come on . he start with she toward the path which lead to the old house . camera pan with they , and as they turn around the office corner , they see norman come down the path toward they . they pause and norman pause . he do not smile , nor speak . his usual grin and soft friendliness be go ; containment and impassivity lie in they place . SAM ( cheerfully ) just come up to ring for you . norman ( come forward ) I suppose you want a cabin . SAM we would hope to make it straight to San Francisco , but we do not like the look of that sky . look like a bad day come ... do not it . norman walk past Sam , give he the sort of quick , disapprove glance one give a man who be obviously lie , go onto the porch and into the office . Sam and lila follow norman . int . motel office - ( day ) norman cross to the desk , go behind it , take the key to cabin number twelve off the keyboard . Sam and lila have enter and be almost to the desk - counter by this time . norman I will take you to ... SAM better sign in first , have not we ? Sam eye scan the counter , look for a registration book . norman it be not necessary . SAM ( interrupt with a friendly cheerfulness ) uh , uh ! my boss be pay for this trip ... ninety percent business ... and he want practically notarize receipt . I better sign in and get a receipt . norman stare at Sam , as if he would like to yell at he , call he " liar . " instead he reach under the desk counter , bring out the registration book . lila move closer , study the book as Sam sign in . Sam sign " Joe and Mrs. Johnson . " the signature and city of " Marie samuel " and after it , the notation " cabin one , " can be clearly see three registration above Sam 's . when Sam have finish he close book , hand it back to norman . norman do not take it , start out from behind counter . norman I will get you bag . SAM have not any . norman ( after a stare ) I will show you the cabin . as he start for the door , Sam laugh . norman stop , turn , look at he . SAM first time I have see it happen . ( to lila ) check in any place in this country without bag , and you have to pay in advance . Sam smile as if at a funny remark , take a bill out of he pocket . norman ten dollar ... norman return to Sam , take the extend bill , be about to start out again . SAM that receipt ...? norman go reluctantly behind counter , lay down the key to cabin twelve , take a receipt book out of the drawer under counter , start to write . lila step up to the desk , pick up the key , quickly , start out . lila I will start ahead . norman look up , gaze she as she go out door . ext . the motel - ( day ) lila come along the porch , pause before cabin one , try the door . it open . she close it quickly as she hear Sam and norman come out of the motel office , continue on down the porch . SAM ( to norman , who be follow ) do not bother yourself ... we will find it . he go on down the porch , do not even glance at cabin one , walk quickly and catch up to lila just as she reach cabin twelve . camera remains with norman , who be stand by the office door , look after Sam and lila , he face alert and no longer impassive . he wait a moment , after they have close they cabin door , then cross to the pickup truck . camera move with he . he study the truck , then lean in through the driver 's window , twist the registration card around , read it . it give the correct name and address of Sam loomis . norman come back out of the window , glance once more toward cabin twelve , then at the old house . his suspicion be confirm , and now there be the relaxation of relief in he face . he take on a purposeful air , turn , stride up the path , up onto the porch of the house , open the door , go in . int . cabin twelve - ( day ) lila be at the cabin 's rear window , look out , strain for a glimpse of the old house , which cannot be see from the window of this cabin . she turn , frustrated , anxious . Sam be stand at the foot of the bed , stare at the smooth coverlet , he brow crease in a sadness . lila we should have ask for cabin one ... the one Mary be in . SAM I be glad we do not . he pull he eye from the bed , cross to the desk , sit wearily , light a cigarette . lila watch he for a moment , feel a real compassion , go to the bed , sit on its edge , turn again and look at Sam 's back . lila we have to go into that cabin and search it , Sam ... no matter what we be afraid of find and no matter how much it may hurt . SAM I know . ( a pause ) do you think if something happen , it happen there ? lila ( a pause , then : ) Sam , if you own a useless business like this motel ... one you probably could not even sell ... what would you need to get away , to start a new business , somewhere else ? ( as Sam study she ) forty thousand dollar ? SAM how could we prove ... ( a almost hopeless laugh ) well , if he open a new motel on the new highway ... say , a year from now ... lila there must be some proof that exist right now ! something that prove he get that money away from Mary ... some way ! SAM what make you sound so certain ? lila arbogast ! Sam , he like I ... or feel sorry for I ... and he be start to feel the same about you . I hear it when he call ... in he voice , a caring . he would not have go anywhere or do anything without tell we . unless he be stop . and he be stop , so he must have find out something ! Sam consider a moment , nod agreement , rise . SAM we will start with cabin one . he go to the door , open it slightly , look out , then , back to lila : SAM if he see we ... we be just take the air . lila go to the door . he hold it open and she go out . ext . the motel - ( day ) Sam close the door , join lila , take she hand . together they walk along the porch in the direction of cabin one . camera follows . they pause before the door of cabin one . Sam motion lila to wait , to hold still , then go on to the office , open the door , call in : SAM bate ? he wait , there be no response . he go in and in a moment come back out , close the door , go to lila . she have already open the door of cabin one and have start to enter . int . cabin one - ( day ) the blind be close and the room be almost night - dark . Sam come in after lila , close the door behind he . for a moment they just gaze at the room , as if willing it to tell they some satisfactory story . neither speak . then , in dark silence , they begin to search , go methodically and thoroughly through all drawer , the closet , the desk , search under the bed and in dark corner , not know what they expect to find and yet expect to find some thing . lila open the bathroom door , look in . the windowless room be very dark . she switch on the light , go in . Sam move toward the bathroom , be about to follow she in when he notice which room it be and automatically catch himself up , back out . SAM sorry . lila Hospital clean . SAM what ? lila the bathroom . look at how clean it be . the one in we cabin be clean ... but this be clean ! Sam go in , glance around , nod . lila go through the medicine cabinet , find nothing but a glass and two tiny tabs of soap . Sam lean against the door-jamb , look at the tub , the shower pipe above it . he continue to stare , more interested suddenly , as if bother by some off - key evidence he can not put he finger on . then he look at the shower curtain rod . and realize there be no shower curtain . he frown , be about to say something when lila , who have be momentarily out of shot , interrupt . Sam turn , camera turn , and we see lila be stand above the toilet bowl , a tiny piece of wet paper stick to the tip of she right index finger . SAM what be it ? lila it do not get wash down . it 's figure ... the kind you tear up and get rid of . ( extend she finger toward Sam ) some figure have be add to or subtract from ... forty thousand . Sam lift the piece of paper off she finger , study it , take out he wallet , press the wet scrap to he driver 's license shield , put it back in the wallet and put the wallet away . lila that 's proof Mary be here ! it would be too wild a coincidence for somebody else to ... SAM ( reminding ) bate never deny Mary be here . lila ( remind ) yes . ( a think ) but maybe this prove that bate find out about the money . SAM do we simply ask he where he 's hide it ? lila Sam , that old woman , whoever she be . I think she tell arbogast something ! and I want she to tell we the same thing ! she start out of the bathroom . Sam take hold of she arm , stop she . SAM you can not go up there . lila why not ? SAM bate . camera start to pan away from they , move slowly over the room , very slowly . lila voice ( o.s. ) let 's find he . one of we can keep he occupy while the other get to the woman . sam' voice ( o.s. ) you will not be able to hold he still if he do not want to be hold . and I do not like you go into that house alone , lila . camera have panned clear across to the opposite wall now , and be move up closer and closer to the tiny - flower wall paper , finally close in on one small rosebud . lila voice ( o.s. ) I can handle a sick old woman . now we see that the rosebud have be cut out , that this be the reverse side of the hole norman peepe through to watch Mary . and we see the pupil of norman 's eye now . sam' voice ( o.s. ) all right . I will find bate and keep he occupy . the eye move away and there be a brief flash of light before the hole be cover , on the other side , by the wall - hang painting . fresh angle - lila and SAM they be about to start out . Sam stop she again . SAM wait a minute . if you get anything out of the mother ... ( a think ) can you find you way back to town ? ( as lila nod yes ) if you do get anything , do not stop to tell I . lila nod quickly , hurry to the door . Sam get to it first , open it a slight crack , look out , then open it wide enough for lila and himself to pass through . ext . the motel - ( day ) angle close on cabin one as lila come out , turn to she leave , go along porch toward cabin twelve . Sam remain at the door , then turn right , head for the path . as he pass the office , he be shocked to see norman stand just inside the open door . norman look for I ? SAM ( recovering ) yes , matter of fact . ( the friendly grin ) the wife 's take a nap and ... I can never keep quiet enough for she ... so I think I would look you up and ... talk . norman satisfied with you cabin ? SAM Fine . Sam start into the office . just before go in , he glance down the long porch , see lila stand outside the door of cabin twelve , wave she a tiny " all clear " signal . lila camera angle to include lila and she point of view . she watch Sam disappear into the office , wait until she hear the door close , then look about for another way to reach the house . she see the small alley at the end of this L of cabin , start toward it . ext . rear of motel - s.c.u. lila - ( day ) behind the motel lila hesitates . she look ahead . long shot - ( day ) the old house stand against the sky . close up - ( day ) lila move forward . long shot - ( day ) the camera approach the house . close up - ( day ) lila glance toward the back of norman 's parlor . she move on . long shot - ( day ) the house come nearer . close up - ( day ) lila look up at the house . she move forward purposefully . s.l.s. - ( day ) the house and the porch . close up - ( day ) lila stop at the house and look up . she glance back . she turn to the house again . s.l.s. - ( day ) the camera mount the step to the porch . c.u. - ( day ) lila put out she hand . s.c.u . - ( day ) lila 's hand push the door open . we see the hallway . lila enter past camera . int . downstair hallway of old house - ( day ) lila close the door , remain by it for a moment , quiet , listen . her eye scan the layout , the close door which lead off the hallway , to the dining room on the right and the parlor on the leave . down at the end of the hall be the kitchen , the door wide open , the room beyond dim and silent . she notice the stair lead down to the basement , stare at they , then back to the stair lead to the second floor . she start forward , and seem about to investigate the parlor and dining room . int . the motel office - ( day ) norman be behind the counter , stand , stare at Sam who be sit relaxedly on a small sofa . norman have the look of one who be protect himself , as if the counter be a protective wall against the threaten world across it . SAM ( cheerfully , as if after a self - conscious pause ) I have be do all the talk so far , have not I ? norman yes . SAM I always think it be the people who be alone so much who do all the talk when they get the chance . yet there you be , do all the listen ! ( a pause ) you be alone here , be not you ? ( as norman do not reply ) it would drive I crazy . norman that would be a rather extreme reaction , would not it ? SAM ( lightly ) just a expression ... ( more seriously ) what I mean be ... I would do just about anything ... to get away . would not you ? int . downstair hallway and stair of old house - ( day ) lila be halfway up the stair . as she climb she be startle by the creak and groan of the old wood of the step . she step more carefully . camera remain at foot of stair , tilting up as lila climb . she pause at the head of the stair . the door on she right , which open into the mother 's room , be close . to she leave be another door , half -open . directly before she be a third door , close . she hold a long moment , try to picture in she mind which room would look out on the front of the house , decide , choose the correct door , the one on she right . she go to it , knock lightly . int . the mother' room ( day ) - close angle on door we hear lila 's second knock , then , faintly , she soft call . lila voice ( o.s. ) Mrs. bate ? there be quiet for a moment , then the door begin to open , and we see lila . she stand on the threshold , look in at the room , instantly disturb by it , almost chill , she expression indicate a impulse to close the door and go away from this room forever . after a moment , she enter , leave the door open behind she . camera pull back and away and we now see the room as lila see it . it be ornate , damask - and - mahogany , thick and warm and ripe , a olla podrida of mismate furnishings and bric-a- brac of the last century . the bed be four poster , but uncanop ; the dress table be fancy and flounced with satin ; there be a great chiffonier , a big-door wardrobe , a large , oval , full - length pier-glass ( this against the wall directly opposite the door ) , a satin recamier , a upholster armchair by the window , a white marble fireplace , its grate cold but pile with ash . and there be in the room a unmistakably live quality , as if even though it be presently unoccupy , it have not be long vacate by some musty presence . lila glance at the bed . the damask coverlet be throw over it , but it be not neat , there be the imprint of a body on it , a body which obviously have sleep in a curl - up , womb - like position . lila stare at it for a moment , up , then go to the dress table . its top be scattered with box and jar of cosmetics and creams , trace of fresh powder , a open bottle or perfume , a comb , and a brush with trace of hair in its bristle . lila move on , catch a glimpse of herself in the pier-glass , be startle , turn away , go to the chiffonier , be about to open a drawer , see the high wardrobe out of the corner of she eye , go to it , hesitantly . she open one door . Fresh , clean , well press dress hang neatly . lila open the other door . the sweater and dress and robe hang freely , none in moth - proof , storage - type bag . there be even a well - brush collar of fox . along the floor of the wardrobe be a line of clean , polished shoe . lila stare , then close the door , turn , look once again over the whole room , start out , int . the upstair hallway of the old house - ( day ) lila come out of the mother 's room , close the door behind she , look down the stair , then start across the hall to the room whose door be half -open . the room within be dark , the shade draw full . lila pause on the threshold , reach in , feel the wall , throw on a switch . int . motel office - ( day ) Sam have rise , be stand by the counter now . SAM I be not say you should not be content here , I be just doubting that you be . I think if you see a chance to get out from under ... you would unload this place ... norman ( angrily ) this place ! this be not 'a place . ' it 's my only world . I grow up in that house back there . I be a happy child . my mother and I ... we be more than happy . SAM and now that you mother 's dead ? norman snap a sharp , fast , ugly look at he . norman my mother be not dead ! SAM ( softly ) I do not think so . int . norman' room in the old house - ( day ) lila be stand in the doorway , stare at the room in sick dismay . the room be grotesque , a horrible , ludicrous fantasy of childhood hold beyond the point of decency . it be a small room . the wall be fancie with romping silhouettes of teddy - bear and sailboat and carousel and fat cow jump over aghast moon . the bed be small , far too short for a man of norman 's height . and yet the rumple cover indicate that it be in this bed that norman sleep . next to the bed be a old - fashioned toy chest . on its top there be a bird - in - a- cage lamp , a plain -bound book , and a ash tray fill with ash and cigarette stub . a grow man 's shirt hang on a child 's clothes tree . against one wall there be a narrow , high bookcase fill with thick , unchildish - look book . on the small , white chest of drawer there be a old , child 's victrola . the record on the turntable be discover , on close inspection , to be Beethoven 's eroica symphony . lila study the room , fascinate and repell . she glance at the bookcase , come into the room , go to the bookcase and pull out a thick , large , plain -bound book . she open it . her eye go wide in shock . and then there be disgust . she slam the book close , drop it . int . the motel office - ( day ) norman , behind the counter , have move back against the wall . Sam be still on the other side of the counter , but be lean forward , he eye hard on norman 's face . norman 's face be no longer expressionless . it have the stark , high sheen of a cornere animal . SAM ( press ) you look frighten . have I be say something frightening ? norman I do not know what you have be say . SAM I have be talk about you mother ... about you motel . how be you go to do it ? norman do what ? SAM buy a new one ! in a new town ! where you will not have to hide you mother ! norman shut up ! SAM where will you get the money to do that , bate ... or do you already have it ... sock away ... a lot of it ... norman leave I alone ! SAM ... forty thousand dollar ! norman leave I alone ! he be close to panic now . he turn , swiftly , dash back into he private parlor . Sam go quickly around the counter , follow . int . norman' private parlor - ( day ) norman hear Sam follow , want to run , to never be reach by this man . he cross the small room , draw to the rear window , as if he might fly through it . Sam enter , pause . norman turn , back against the window , as unable to fly away as be the many still , stuff bird . Sam register a brief flicker of reaction when he see the bird , but continue to gaze at norman , hard . SAM I bet you mother know where the money be . and what you do to get it . and I think she will tell we . something self - assure and confident in Sam 's tone give norman a new , more terrify alarm . he turn he head , glance out the window at the old house . he look back at Sam and there be terror in he voice . norman where 's that girl ? the girl you come with ! where be she ? Sam do not respond , smile a half - smile , turn to examine a stuff owl . norman look back at the house . norman ( a horrible groan ) oh , God ! int . upstair hall of the old house - ( day ) lila , shake and disturb , almost sicken , be come out of norman 's room . she have leave the light on . she pause in the middle of the landing , look at the close door opposite the stair , go to it , open it , see that it be the bathroom , pull the door to , turn , start toward the stair . int . norman' private parlor - ( day ) Sam be lie on the floor , face downward , unmove . a candlestick be on the floor , close by he head , still rock as if just drop . over shot come the SOUND of norman 's footstep and camera turn in time to catch a brief glimpse of he go out into the office , almost at a run . int . stairway of the old house - ( day ) lila be on the top step , look down toward camera . she be listen , hope to hear some human sound , some sound she might follow , pursue . she hear nothing . she start down the stair . just below the halfway step , she look at the front door , see out through the door window : lila viewpoint - ( day ) norman come . int . stairway of the old house - ( day ) for a moment lila panic , then she hurry down the step , cannot go in the direction of the front door , remember the stairway behind she , turn and run in that direction . the SOUND of norman bound up the porch step can be hear . lila turn and dash down the stair which lead to the basement , go down far enough to conceal herself , crouching there . norman enter the hallway , close the door softly , listen . he glance once in the direction of the basement stair . he seem about to smile , when suddenly all expression vanish from he face , and he appear to enter a no-place , no - time state . he cross to the stairway , go up . lila remain crouch on the basement stair , listen to the sound of norman . his footstep on the stair follow by the fast noise of door open , of fast move about a upstairs room . convince that he be search the upstairs for she , she decide to chance a escape . she start up the step , be about to turn into the hallway when she eye be catch by a glimmer of light down in the basement . she pause , look down , see the crack of light come from behind the not entirely close door to the fruit cellar . the swift move sound of norman continue to come from upstairs . lila be tear , know she should get out of the house while she have the chance , be unable to resist the impulse to check that hide - look room down below , a room in which , she desperately believe , there must lie some answer to what happen to Mary . she turn and go softly and quickly down the stair . int . the basement of the old house - ( day ) lila reach the bottom , stop , listen , hear the stairboard creak as footstep fall hard and measure upon they . she turn , pull open the fruit cellar door , look in . the woman be sit in a comfortable chair , the back of the chair , and the woman , turn to the door . lila call a harsh , frighten whisper . lila Mrs. bate ...? lila go into the room . int . the fruit cellar lila go to the chair , touch it . the touch disturb the figure . it start to turn , slowly , stiffly , a clock - wise movement . lila look at it in horror . it be the body of a woman long dead . the skin be dry and pull away from the mouth and the tooth be reveal as in the skeleton 's smile . the eye be go from they socket , the bridge of the nose have collapse , the hair be dry and wild , the cheek be sink , the leathery - brown skin be powder and rouge and flaky . the body be dress in a high - neck , clean , well - press dress , obviously recently launder and hand -irone . the movement of this stuff , ill - preserve cadaver , turn as if in response to lila 's call and touch , be actually graceful , ballet - like , and the effect be terrible and obscene . lila gaze for one flicker of a deathly moment , then begin to scream , a high , pierce , dreadful scream . and lila 's scream be join by another scream , a more dreadful , horrifying scream which come from the door behind she . norman' voice ( o.s. ) ( scream ) ayeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee be Norma bate ! lila turn . norman his face be contort . he wear a wild wig , a mockery of a woman 's hair . he be dress in a high - neck dress which be similar to that wear by the corpse of he mother . his hand be raise high , poise to strike at lila . there be a long breadknife in it . lila Close on she face . she be dumb-struck . her eye be scream . back to norman as he be about to start forward , a man 's hand reach in from the doorway behind , grab norman 's wrist . Sam come through the door , still hold tight to the wrist , pull back the arm and at the same time throw himself at norman , football tackle style . series of cut - the fight norman and Sam , struggle . the wild fury in norman 's face , the mad noise of he scream and vile curse . the terrify , fight - to - the-death look of Sam . the still , stare lila . mrs . bate a close of she face , she appear to be watch and enjoy the fight . over the shot , the sound of the struggle , the scream of norman . dissolve to : ext . courthouse at reading - ( night ) there be many people gather about the step , the curious and the concerned and the morbid . at the curb , a couple of newspaper car , two or three police car , and a mobile unit truck from the local television outlet . there be noise , and chatter as question be ask and answer give , and the sound of traffic , and of the television equipment be move into the courthouse , for on - the-scene report , and the stern voice of policeman try to keep people back . the scene have a bright glare about it , that quality of sudden light throw on a fearful darkness . closer angle on step of courthouse a policeman try to make way for the television man , mutter " keep back , " etc. , to the spectator . a television man , carry a piece of equipment go through door , and camera follows he into the courthouse vestibule . here , too , there be a crowd , compose of policeman , Reporters , Television Men . the Television Men we have be follow stop beside a policeman . television man ( indicating the front door he have just come in through ) you think they will take he out that way ? policeman ( look at wait crowd , shrugging ) probably have to . ( a rueful smile ) besides , the taxpayer hate it when something get slip out the back door on they ! over this exchange , the buzz of other voice , the movement of man . camera move on , down the corridor , get to the door of the office of the Chief of Police just as a young fellow with a carton box fill with paper container of sent- out - for coffee reach this door . camera hold as the coffee boy pause a moment , then go into the room . CUT to : int . office of the chief of police - ( night ) lila be seat in a chair , Sam stand close by . a bit apart from they , we see sheriff Chambers , in quiet conference with the chief of police , the county sheriff , the district attorney . the coffee Boy stand in the doorway . Sam go to he , take a container of coffee from the box , carry it to lila , check the notation on the lid as he go . mo . close on SAM and lila SAM ( quietly ) it 's regular . okay ? lila ( ruefully ) I could stand something regular . Sam smile encouragingly , hand she the coffee . sheriff Chambers enter shot , give Sam a container of coffee he have bring for he . Sam take it , nod a thank you . for a moment no one speak . lila look badly shake , Sam dishevel , but contain . chamber you two can go on home if you like . ( a sympathetic look at lila ) make that statement be enough for one night . SAM ( to lila ) want to ? lila no. I be all right . I will feel better when all this be explain ... if it can be . Sam look a question at sheriff Chambers . Chambers shrug doubtfully . chamber if anybody get any answer , it will be the fellow talk to he now ... the psychiatrist . even I could not reach norman ... and he know I . ( to lila ) you warm enough , miss ? lila be about to answer , when she see someone come into the room and rise anxiously . Sam and sheriff Chambers turn , follow she gaze . int . office of chief of police - full shot a young man with a serious , frown face have just come into the room . he be dr . simon , the psychiatrist . he go to the desk where the box of coffee container have be place , take up a container . district attorney do he talk to you ? simon no . I get the whole story ... but not from norman . I get it from ... he mother . everyone gaze at he , mystify . he speak as he remove lid from coffee container . simon norman bate no longer exist . he only half - exist to begin with ... now , the other half have take over . probably for all time . lila ( with difficulty ) do he kill my sister ? simon yes ... and no . district attorney look , if you be try to lay a lot of psychiatric groundwork for some sort of plea this fellow would like to cop ... simon a psychiatrist do not lay the groundwork .. he merely try to explain it . lila but my sister be ... simon yes . I be sorry . ( to Chambers ) the private investigator , too . if you drag that swamp somewhere in the vicinity of the motel ... ( to the Chief of Police ) have you any unsolve miss person case on you book ? chief of police yes . two . simon Young girl ? chief of police ( nod , astound , then : ) do he confess to ... simon ( interrupt ) as I say , the mother ... ( pause , go on afresh ) to understand it , as I understand it hearing it from the mother ... that be , from the mother - half of norman 's mind , you have to go back ten year ... to the time when norman murder he mother and she lover . ( a pause , then as no one interrupt ) he be already dangerously disturb , have be ever since he father die . his mother be a cling , demand woman ... and for year the two of they live as if there be no one else in the world . then she meet a man and it seem to norman she " throw he over " for this man . that push he over the thin line ... and he kill they both . matricide be probably the most unbearable crime of all ... and most unbearable to the son who commit it . so he have to erase the crime , at least in he own mind . ( a pause ) he steal she corpse ... and a weight coffin be bury . he hide the body in the fruit cellar , even " treat " it to keep it as well as it would keep . and that still be not enough . she be there , but she be a corpse . so he begin to think and speak for she , give she half he life , so to speak . at time he could be both personality , carry on conversation ... at other time , the mother - half take over completely . he be never all norman , but he be often only mother . and because he be so pathologically jealous of she , he assume she be as jealous of he . therefore , if he feel a strong attraction to any other woman , the mother side of he would go wild . ( to lila ) when norman meet you sister , he be touch by she ... and arouse by she . he want she . and this set off he " jealous mother " and ... " mother kill the girl . " after the murder , norman return as if from a deep sleep ... and like a dutiful son , cover up all trace of the crime he be convinced he mother have commit . SAM why be he ... dress like that ? district attorney he 's a transvestite ! simon not exactly . a man who dress in woman 's clothing in order to achieve a sexual change ... or satisfaction ... be a transvestite . but in norman 's case , he be simply do everything possible to keep alive the illusion of he mother be alive . and whenever reality come too close , when danger or desire threaten that illusion , he would dress up , even to a cheap wig he bring , and he would walk about the house , sit in she chair , speak in she voice ... he try to be he mother . ( a sad smile ) and now he be . ( a pause ) that 's what I mean when I say I get the story from the mother . she think norman have be take away ... because of he crime . she insist she do nothing , that norman commit all the murder just to keep she from be discover . she even smile a bit coquettishly as she say that . of course , she feel badly about it ... but also somewhat relieved to be , as she put it , free of norman , at last . ( a pause ) when the mind house two personality , there be always a battle . in norman 's case , the battle be over ... and the dominant personality have win . lila begin to weep softly , for Mary , for arbogast , for norman , for all the destroy human being of this world . Sam bend beside she , put he arm about she , comfort she . chamber ( to Simon ) and the forty thousand dollar ? who get that ? simon the swamp . this be murder of passion , not profit . a police guard put he head in the door , speak , in a near - whisper , to the Chief of Police . the Guard be carry a fold blanket over he arm . police guard he feel a little chill ... can I bring he this blanket ? the Chief of Police nod . the Guard go away , and camera follows he out of the room and out into the hallway . Guard move through the wait man , head down the corridor . CUT to : int . another corridor in courthouse a narrower corridor in the rear of the building . in f.g. of shot , we see a door , the top half of which be wire - cover glass . a guard in uniform be post by the door , look reprovingly at the two or three people try to get a glance into the room . the Police Guard , carry the blanket , come down this corridor , go to the door . camera move close . the uniform Guard open the door , allow the man to go in . shot be raked so that we can not see into the room . after a moment , the Guard come out and the uniform Guard close and lock the door and we CUT to : int . norman' detention room - ( night ) the wall be white and plain . there be no window . there be no furniture except the straight - back chair in which norman sit , in the center of the room . the room have a quality of no - whereness , of calm separation from the world . the Police Guard have place the blanket on norman 's knee . norman , as we come upon he , be lift the blanket , unfold it . his face , although without makeup and without the surround softness of the wig , have a certain femininity about it , a softness about the mouth and a kind of arch womanliness about the brow . calmly , norman place the blanket about he shoulder , as if it be a cashmere shawl . camera remains in a position so that we view of norman be a full one . when the shawl be in position , and norman be settle , we hear , over shot , the voice of he mother , come from the calm of he thought . mother' voice ( o.s. ) it 's sad ... when a mother have to speak the word that condemn she own son ... but I could not allow they to believe that I would commit murder . ( a pause ) they will put he away now ... as I should have ... year ago . he be always ... bad . and in the end , he intend to tell they I kill that girl ... and that man . as if I could do anything except just sit and stare ... like one of he stuff bird . ( a pause ) well , they know I can not even move a finger . and I will not . I will just sit here and be quiet . just in case they do ... suspect I . a fly buzze close , and then continue buzzing and fly about norman 's face . mother' voice ( v.o. ) they be probably watch I . well , let they . let they see what kind of a person I be . ( a pause , as the fly light on norman 's hand ) I be not go to swat that fly . I hope they be watch . they will see ... they will see ... and they will know ... and they will say ... ' why , she would not even harm a fly ... ' norman continue to gaze ahead into nothing . scene begins to dissolve slowly to : the swamp as end title fade in , we see the swamp , the chain of a tow - truck . the chain be attach to Mary 's car . the car be come out of the swamp . fade out the end