public enemies written by ronan bennett , Michael Mann &amp ; Ann eiderman November , 2007 1 title : september 26 , 1933 . ext . prick street of michigan CITY , indiana - a brown pontiac be park at the curb . it wait . int . pontiac - " red " hamilton ( 34 ) look at he watch . with he meticulously parte red hair , he might be a bank president . it 's 6:55 a.m . hamilton time . thirty year old JOHN herbert dillinger be in the backseat . he nod . his arm be behind he . we do not know why . Red start the car and drive forward . CUT to : int . indiana state prison , michigan CITY , indiana - line of convict its cold . - convict ' uniform be broadly stripe and fray . this be a line of hard man brand by prison : shorn hair , break nose , eye with a cold ferocity . and they aggression have a nihilistic edge ; they spirit never surrender . there 's nothing beat down about this man . like alcatraz , Leavenworth , and sing sing , this be the end of the line . prison guard in visore black cap , black shirt , black patent leather Sam browne belt with three - foot long billy club watch the line , poise to unleash violence . among the hard men be ... harry " pete " pierpont ( 32 ) , 6 foot 1 with eerie blue eye . brilliant , violent , he hate all authority . charle makley ( 44 ) , squat with a anvil jaw , facial scar and as calm as pierpont be volatile . homer van meter ( 27 ) , tall , a incorrigible clown and a unemotional killer . he have continue to ridicule guard even when it cost he month in the hole . these three with a older man , walter dietrich , wait for the lam . work call to the prison shirt Factory ... 2 . int . indiana state prison , gatehouse - turnkey watch through a window as a pontiac pull into the parking area in front of the prison across from the streetcar track . Hamilton jerk a handcuff dillinger out of the backseat . dillinger be shove forward . Hamilton 's wear a star . turnkey ( open up ) afternoon . Hamilton flash the badge . he shove dillinger inside . in a adjacent room five guard play poker . next to they be a bar entrance to the prison yard . as the cage door lock behind he , this be the last place dillinger want to have enter . meanwhile ... int . indiana state prison - the shirt factory : stack of box and bolt of fabric wait for the convict . lam . a klaxon sound . door open . convict enter . walter Dietrich go right to the stack and pull a box with a " X " crayon on the side . its label " thread . " ( Dietrich be mentore by Herbert K. lamm , a ex - prussian soldier who invent professional bank robbery by apply military tactic and who ride with butch &amp ; sundanc4 's hole in the Wall gang in Utah in 1901 . in prison Dietrich pass on lamm 's technique . his brightest student in 1933 be ..' ohn Herbert dillinger . ) dietrich + " thread " BOX arrive at a busy work station with pierpont , makley and Van meter . under spool be four colt 45 automatics with load magazine . guard dainard be approach by pierpont , who shove the 45 in he face . pierpont line up ! line up ... Dietrich and Van meter control three other guard . ed shouse , jim leslie and earl adam - three other con armed with makeshift club and spiv -- join the escape . meanwhile ... int . gatehouse - turnkey examine dillinger a second time ... ( continued ) 3 continued : turnkey do not you get parole out of here a few month ago ? dillinger yes , sir . Three month ago . turnkey . John ... johnnie dillinger ? dillinger that 's right . but my friend call I " johnnie " . you gotta address I as " mister " dillinger . dillinger 's insubordination puzzle turnkey so he do not see Hamilton bat a Thompson submachine gun across the back of he head and swing it onto the two Guards ... red / dillinger against the wall ! hand up ! get up ! dillinger 's cuff fall away . now he Thompson cover the stunne poker utplayer . Hamilton and dillinger be as tight as they come .- they share they food , money , liquor , ammunition and woman . , . id right now ... yard gate be key open by dainard follow by pierpont and makley and the other . pierpont kick over the poker table . escapee throw all the Guards against the wall . makley / van meter ( to the Guards ) undress . get undress ! dillinger at the window check the escape route to the pontiac . its clear . Hamilton conceal he weapon and start out . smooth . he cross the front lawn , the street car track . so far , so good ... int . gate house - guard undress . one take he time . shouse hurry up ! c'mon ! ( continued ) 4 continued : this Guard give shouse a insolent look . shouse slam the Guard 's head with a length of steel pipe . Guard go down . shouse go wild and continue to hammer he skull again and again , cave it in . pierpont cut it out shouse ! dillinger ( turn from open door ) shouse ! I dainard think that once the kill 's begin , he will die ... so , he grab for Homer Van meter 's .45 . Van meter shoot dainard . dainard 's knock to the floor . blood pool . a siren scream . ext . front yard - red catch in the open , turn . he scan the guard tower on the East and West corner . he back towards he pontiac . red' Pov : tower guard look into the prison interior where the shot come from . dillinger arrive , take Red 's position . Red go for the pon ,ac ... escapees do not complete they disguise . half - dress in gua ds ' uniform , they crash outside ... ext . front yard - escapees sprint for the street in all direction . int . west tower - tower guard # 1 + # 2 crack crack crack ! Jim Leslie fall , the top of he head take off . ext . front yard - dillinger fire at the tower , force the Guards to cover . Hamilton 's in the pontiac , start it . pierpont ' S run with the older Dietrich across the grass firing he 45 . int . red' pontiac - manley + shouse tumble in . dillinger and Van meter - outside - FIRE at the West Tower . pierpont + dietrich arrive . ext . STREET - pontiac take off . dillinger 's on the run board . his Thompson roar , cover pierpont , who 's haul Dietrich into the backseat . bang ! Dietrich be hit in the neck by rifle FIRE from the East Tower . dillinger walter ! dillinger fall away . dillinger and pierpont grab walter 's arm . he 's -paralyze now . they try to pull he onto the run boafd , of the move car . Dietrich 's " hcpeful eye look up at they . then he eye glaze over . his foot drag down the street . he 's dead and they know it . they let go . ext . STREET - dietrich be body remain in the center of the street . the pontiac pick up speed . int . pontiac - hamilton drive like he have no nerve . totally focus . Hamilton be the best getaway , or " git " driver in the country . dillin ger ' S Thompson empty , he grab Red 's shotgun . he shove it into shouse 's chest in the backseat . dillinger walter 's dead ' cause you screw it up , you son of a bitch ! shouse the bastard would not do what he be tell , johnny . . Pete ? Homer ? ( continued ) 6 . continued : van meter let he have it . pierpont Dietrich be you pal , up to you . dillinger see the abject fear in shouse 's eye . and dillinger 's mood swing . he lower the shotgun ... then , he snap the butt across shouse 's face . break shouse 's cheekbone . dillinger pull back and slam the heavy butt dead center , smash shouse 's nose and orbital socket . dillinger open the door and kick shouse out of the move car . ext . farm road - shouse bounce and roll across the road into a field . the pontiac race away into the distance . CUT to : ext . peru , indiana - crossroad - later it 's Dust bowl America . 1933 . lunar landscape . camera move across brown dune that half cover farm machinery and a wind - blast house . and land on ... JOHN dillinger in shirt sleeve and , a vest watchingthe road for pursuit . int . farm house -- pierpont , makley + van meter change into double breast suit and shovel down hot cereal at a kitchen table . they be in a rush . there be no ; Â£yurniture . a bust - out farmer , edwin norris , hurriedly pour coffee from a kettle into tin mug and a thermos . a woman at a stove fries egg . pierpont ( ready to go ) okay ...? ext . farm -- a toddler wear a tear smock approach the pontiac and a second car , a dust - cover plymouth park behind it . hamilton ( from the house ) johnny ...? ready . 7 the woman bring out the dozen fry egg sandwich wrap in newspaper . she look 40 but be 20 . Edwin norris be at the door . dillinger ( take two ) thank you , mar 'am . dillinger 's lopsided smile be charming . edwin norris its miss . she 's my daughter , Viola . that will be eight dollar . Viola retrieve she toddler brother who 's crawle into the pontiac . dellinger peel off a $ 20 bill . edwin norris ( cont 'd ) can not change that ... dillinger well , then you keep the change . $ 12 be a lot ' - - 'of money in 1933 . grateful , norris go inside , dillinger pass Viola and the struggle toddler on the way to the pontiac , viola ( low ) take I with you , mister . she put a hand on he forearm . dillinger I be sorry , honey . pierpont , Homer and makley head towards the plymouth . int . pontiac - dillinger , as the pontiac pull away , look back to see Viola wistfully watch they leave . the toddler reach for Viola 's hand . she push the child away . dellinger hate see the kid reject . hamilton kid do not fool with anything , do he ? dillinger , look back at the boy , have not hear . ( continued ) 8. continued : hamilton ( cont 'd ) johnnie ? all there ? dillinger lift the coat on the backseat : they weapon be as they be . dillinger its all here . ( upbeat ) let 's go make some money . the speed car throw up tail of dust as they drive west to Chicago . CUT to : ext . thick wood near east liverpool , ohio - a man - day move quickly through the wood . they run downhill . he wear expensive hunt clothes . he carry a 8 mm mauser sport rifle with a slim forestock and wrist and a turn - down bolt handle . it 's the best rifle make in 1933 . he be melvin purvis ( 30 ) cleancut and handsome . a square jaw . Chester gould modell Dick Tracy 's profile after purvis . have not big , but he 's tenacious . he 's a incarnation of the social elite of h.is time : white , Southern patrician and a Christian gentleman . with purvis be special Agents warren barton ( 31 ) and purvis 's friend carter daum ( 29 ) they have a harder time in the steep wood . they be chase someone . they be guide by East Liverpool police chief , fultz . bottom of the hill -- pretty boy floyd ( 29 ) be a big -bon country boy . his blue suit be mud-streaked from he slide down the hill . he carry a Thompson submachine - gun with a drum magazine , and he be run for he life . purv I S , fultz , baum + barton race after he . muddy path - floyd half run , half slip in he dress shoe . ahead be a clear orchard . floyd leap the fence ... ( continued ) 9 . continued : wood -- purvis jump over fall tree ... ext . middle of the orchard of apple tree . floyd 's three hundred yard ahead . he zigzag for a deeper forest at the far end . if he can reach it , he have a chance . purvis break into the clear . purvis floyd ! halt ! purvis aim the mauser . perfect form . floyd zigzag . purvis fire , miss . floyd open up with the Thompson -- wildly at that range . a few .45 splinter nearby branch . fultz , baum and Barton seek cover : purvis work the bolt and chamber another round . floyd be 10 yard from the forest . purvis kneel onto he right knee . on he upraise leave knee he brace hi leave elbow . he inhale . start a smooth squeeze . ha tway through the exhale he fire . floyd 's right arm fly up . he 's punch forward and crash to the ground . floyd regains consciousness . purvis be run in . floyd`s leave hand pull a 45 . baum look out , melvin ! purvis kick the 45 out of he hand . purvis you be under arrest . floyd sit up to see the massive exit wound . his right lung and liver be shot through . he fall back . floyd ( rasp ) I be floyd . who be you ? purvis melvin purvis - Department of investigation . ( more ) ( continued ) 10 . continued : purvis ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) where 's you friend Harry Campbell , floyd ? floyd ai not gonna tell you shit . floyd look at the sky . floyd ( cont 'd ) and I believe you have kill I . so you can go and rot in hell , you sonofabitch . he lapse , go cold and die . CUT to : int . kitchen - ca-role slayman - day ( east chicago , indiana ) carole slayman be 33 with green eye and peroxide blonde hair and bounce down the stair in a black robe . she cross through a white kitchen with two girl in kimonos . a scar , African - american bouncer of 50 name sport enter ... sport he jus ' pull in . ext . rear yard - carole see dillinger 's pontiac stop in the backyard . it 's` -seclude by a hedge from the street . its follow by the plymouth with pierpont and Van meter in suit and prison haircut . carole johnny ! dillinger cradle the Thompson in he arm and cross to she . dillinger ( to Hamilton ) hey , Red , call oscar . hamilton okay . and berman ? wanna switch - out the " short " ? dillinger ( add ) get a Chrysler and a Essex . ( to carole ) hey , doll ... he half pick she up with one arm around she waist . ( continued ) 11 . continued : dillinger ( cont 'd ) ( to carole ) you get a hold of Zarkovich ...? carole I sure do ... ( laughing ) put I down ! jan meter where that gal ?! as Homer and pierpont head inside ... int . rear garage - oscar lieboldt - later oscar be a 50 year old german gunsmith . dillinger rapidly field strip he Thompson . dillinger ( be main spring ) jamme twice , oscar. , . main spring 's too tight . oscar cut off one coil . dillinger and it ride up and to the right on full auto . oscar ( be cutt compensator ) I widen port ... carole appear on rear porch across the yard . she signal to johnny . dillinger rise as a 1933 Chrysler and a Essex terraplane drive in . out of the Essex step harry berman , a cicero , Illinois auto dealer for the syndicate . ( berman will switch - out the dillinger gang 's work car or " short . " ) pierpont hiya Harry ... pierpont toss berman a rubber band roll of bill while ... 12 . int . kitchen - dillinger enter . martin zarkovich look up . he wear a police badge and a 38 in a shoulder holster . he be a corrupt detective in the East Chicago , Indiana Police Department . zarkovioh johnny ! how be ya ? with he be anna sage , a 40 year old well - dress madam . she kiss johnny on the cheek . dillinger good and so be you . Christmas be come early this year . ( fat envelope of cash ) extra cake 's in here for you and Anna . ( beat ) still in hammond , doll ? anna sage I be in Chicago on North halstead now . come on by ... dillinger marty , tell I that I and my boy be okay ... zarkovich Long as you stay in my town , you be in safe haven . dillinger toss marty the envelope . this be dillinger 's support and resupply network . int . carole' bedroom - dillinger be - later in a deep armchair with he shoe off and he foot on a hassock . Paul whiteman 's Big Band be on the console radio . carole slide onto he lap and snuggle into he shoulder . John glow with the affection . carole wanna go out later , sugar ? dillinger I want to sit here with you and listen to the radio , baby . ( beat ) I have miss you like nobody 's business ... ( continued ) 13 . continued : John dillinger seem like a romantic husband with he little wife Betty . and it feel a little out of place ... CUT to : int . congressional hearing room - J. edgar hoover - day mckellar ( to Hoover ) why do we need this ? hoover because of the new breed of mobile outlaw who flee jurisdiction by crossing state line over highway and against whom this government must wage a war on crime . J. edgar hoover be a physically short man but have a dynamic presence . he be a dapper patrician who believe in elite . he be completely free from self - doubt . he be youthful and 33 year old . suydam and tolson sit next to he . mckellar iï ¿½' Chairman of the Senate Appropriations sub- Committee . - , he 's a avuncular man of 62 . mckellar and so in the middle of a great Depression you be look for a budget increase to build up you Department ? but by my tally you Department of investigation spend more taxpayer 's dollar catch crook than what the crook you catch steal in the first place ... hoover that 's ridiculous . the Bureau 's apprehend kidnapper , bank robber , who have steal up to ... mckellar ( look at document ) how many criminal you apprehend ? hoover we have arrest and arraign 213 want felon ... mckellar no. I mean you . how many ? ( continued ) 14 . continued : hoover as director I have administer ... mckellar no . how many have you arrest ? personally . hoover I have never arrest anybody . mckellar ( incredulous ) you never arrest anybody ? hoover I be a administrator . mckellar with no field experience . for once Hoover be silent . mckellar ( cont 'd ) ( continuing ) in fact you be shockingly unqualified , be not you , sir ? you have never personally conduct a criminal investigation in the field in you life= other in the room stare at hoover. mckellar lean ' - back ... mckellar ( cont Â° D ) ( continuing ) I think you be a front . I think you prowess as a lawman be a myth create from a hoopla of headline by Mr. suydam , you publicist there . you be try to make a federal police force with you set up as its czar . that be runnin ' wild in my estimation ... hoover crime be what run wild in this country , Mr. Chairman . and ... mckellar and if the country require a expand Bureau , I question you be the person most fit to run it while ... ( continued ) 15 . continued : ( 2 ) hoover ( explode ) I will not be judge by a kangaroo court of venal politician ... mckellar ( slam gavel ! ) while outlaw like dillinger , clyde barrow , the barker , and Nelson flourish unabate . ( slam ) you appropriation request be deny . the hearing 's over . tnt . U.S. congress , corridor - J. edgar hoover - day walk fast through the corridor of congressman . he talk over he leave shoulder to suydam and tolson . they struggle to hear he ... hoover ( to suydam ) find out : be he soft on the reds in , 1919 ? do he use prostitute ? peppy `tuf for like that . and feed this to walter =!rii â €žinchell : " mckellar 's a neanderthal . he 's o7 : a personal vendetta to destroy I . " like that . ( beat ) we will fight he on the front page . not in he damn committee room ... ( to tolson ) where 's dillinger ? tolson spot in hammond , Indiana . hoover how long ago ? tolson yesterday . another sighting have he on the lincoln highway in Ohio head towards Cincinnati . hoover ( decide ) he 's in hammond . head to Chicago . suydam how do you know ? ( continued ) 16 continued : hoover you can have fun in Chicago . what the hell 's there to do in Cincinnati ? int . hoover's private office -- hoover enter . melvin purvis have be wait . he 's gesture to follow . hoover ( suddenly brilliant ) agent purvis , congratulation . purvis thank you sir . May I ask why ? hoover pretty Boy floyd , for which you have my commendation and personal gratitude . second , you be , as of this moment , the special agent in charge of the Chicago field office . you task will be to get John dillinger . be you up to it ? purvis absolutely , sir . purvis be imbue . Henry suydam enter . suydam ( to Hoover ) they be ready for he . hoover ( pensive ) this be Henry suydam .. he be we expert in congressional and press relation . int . bureau of investigation with hoover escort purvis through the OPEN plan office tolson + suydam follow . it 's like the " corporate Office of the future " design by albrecht speer . Agents be at grey metal desk dress identically in dark suit , white shirt , dark tie . no personal effect . the individual be reduce to a component in a gleam machine . ext . justice department step - hoover , purvis , suydam + tolson hurry down the staircase . ( continued ) 17 . continued : hoover ( low ) why be you sure you be up to this task , Mr. purvis ? purvis we have two weapon that can not be defeat . hoover what be they ? purvis the Bureau 's modern technique of investigation and you visionary leadership . hoover you let Mr. tolson , here , know if you need anything , melvin , anything at all , purvis thank you . hoover ( brilliant smile ) call I j.e . they shake hand . there 's a mob of photographer and newsmen and microphone to interview he . extremely close : melvin purvis be awed . he 's imbue with purpose . he 's be anoint Hoover 's crimebuster . he claim he be up to the task . " be he ? " he ask himself right now . and he do not expect to be overcome by doubt . he struggle with anxiety . then , he push that aside and force himself to take the step forward into the light and flashbulb . suydam ( quietly to tolson ) we own Clark gable ... CUT to : int . american bank and trust company - JOHN dillinger in a long overcoat and a hat with a Tommy gun cross a bank interior to a thin man behind a large desk , grover weyla_nd . ( continued ) 18 continued : grover stand and flatten against the back wall , as if try to permeate the masonry and disappear into the back alley . dillinger peel he off the wall and steer he towards the vault . dillinger let 's play a game , Mr. President . its call spin the dial . ( start stopwatch , shout to crew ) Seven minute ! dillinger be the vault man . and alarm sound . wide : a bank robbery in progress - pierpont be the lobby man . his back be to the front door . he control the customer on the inside . woman be seat on the floor . Men stand . it 's well - order . Pete do not worry about he back because ... ext . bank + STREET - homer van meter be the lookout . his back be to the front door . his , job be to control the people outside the bank . his 351 Winchester rifle be hide by he coat . crowd gather across th' street because of the alarm . Homer 's focus . he be rock steady . manley be at the teller ' drawer . his job be to shovel cash into a canvas bag . the teller stand aside . dillinger`s at the vault with weyland . weyland hesitates . dillinger 's right hand with the Thompson cover teller so makley can work . his leave hand draw one of the two 45s he keep in twin shoulder holster and he crack grover weyland across the forehead . he aim the .45 between weyland 's eye ... dillinger ( calm ) you can be a dead hero or a live coward . grover weyland open the vault . dillinger check he watch . ext . bank - van meter spot a police car racing up , tap the window with the barrel of he rifle . 19 . int . bank - pierpont glance outside . pierpont ( calmly ) company ! no one inside stop work . they know Van meter will do he job . ext . bank - officer chester boyard be out of the car and into the bank door , pass right by --- van meter -- who let he go . Van meter keep he eye on the other three cop . two get behind the cover of park car across the street . one stay low and run towards Homer . int . bank - boyard march into the lobby , gun in hand . boyard ( confidently ) hold it ! hand up ! pierpont , behind he , slam the butt of the Thompson into the back of he head , knock he flat , and disarm he . he rouse . Pete do not like authority . Pete hit he again . blood pool onto the floor . a woman faint , collapse . Peters dead calm . he look over the half - paint window . the grow crowd on the sidewalk be get too large ... he fire at the glass . people scramble for cover as it crash onto Main Street . meanwhile ... ext . bank - rear alley : red in the buick engine idling , see people run past . tape to he dash be two " utgit " - step by step instruction to two getaway route . he check he watch . the minute hand move into place . he drive evenly out of the alley . ext . bank front - van meter be approach by the cop who think he 's a pedestrian . ( continued ) 20 . continued : cop ( to Homer ) hey , you . move out of there ! van meter why should I ? I wanna watch . angry cop rush he . Homer slam he in the gut with he rifle , disarm he and use he as a shield . he back to the front door . pedestrian flee . cop draw down . they can not shoot without Homer blow off the cop 's head . meanwhile ... int . bank -- dillinger toss the last bag to pierpont at the front door . on. the way out he pass a farmer near a teller 's cage , he hand in the air . Cash on the counter . dillinger that you money there , mister ? farmer yessir . it be . dillinger well , go ahead and put it away . we be here for the bank 's money . not you money . customer appreciate dillinger . dillinger love they - appreciation ... pierpont you three ! let 's go ! .to three pretty tellers hide under a desk . dillinger folk , stay calm and stay low . pierpont grab two ; dillinger take one , create a human shield around they -- ext . american bank and trust --- van meter , he gun against the side of the cop 's head , move to the buick . a large crowd be across the street . CITY detective pull up in front of wylie 's hat shop . dillinger 's crew be crossing fast to Red 's buick , as ... ( continued ) 21 continued : dillinger open up and the wylie hat shop window blow out . a detective with a deer rifle aim . van meter fire past he hostage 's head . detective go down . the hostage 's eardrum be blow . his ear bleed . dillinger shoot up ... City detective ' car , police car and a few other . int . buick - makley + pierpont be in . dillinger and hostage load onto the run board . pierpont grab anna patzke 's arm . pierpont c'mere , honey . buick 's move faster . dillinger pull she onto the run board next --:o boyard . the buick roar away . int . buick :.- red drive with total concentration . makley cooly read the git . makley 2 mile - turn leave at the white barn . right there . now . 6 mile to the new bridge . pierpont break out the rear window . he throw two five gallon milk jar full of roofing nail out into the road . they scatter . two police car hit the nail , they tire blow . round from the buick finish dissuad they to pursue . int . buick - hamilton approach the bridge , slow . dillinger ( to boyard and two of the hostage ) okay . beat it ! ( continued ) 22 . continued : Three hostage jump off . dillinger pull Anna patzke and weyland inside . dillinger see Anna patzke 's shiver from shock and the cold . he put he coat on she . he plop he hat on she head , too . dillinger ( cont 'd ) something to remember I by . she laugh , nervously , and a little thrilled at be where she be ... van meter ( ominous ) be we take `em to the hideout ? dillinger ( go along with it that depend . van meter how ' bout it , honey ? can you cook ? anna patzke ( not disinterested ) uh. sure ... after a fashion . they start to hoot and laugh . they think this be hÂ±l iiou.s . anna patzke ( cont 'd ) well , its true ! van meter when I be not do this , I be a scout for the movie . anna patzke really ? this make they laugh even harder . ext . thick wood pierpont have bring the hostage to a big tree . pierpont face each other . join hand . pierpont bind they loosely to the tree . ( continued ) 23 continued : weyland we will freeze . dillinger you will worm you way out of that in about ten minute . Anna look over at dellinger . dillinger ( cont 'd ) it 's okay , doll . you be just gonna be a little late for dinner . dillinger reach over , snatch he hat off Anna patzke 's head . he leave she he coat . the buick work car be abandon . track right + see dillinger ' 'b Essex and a Ford drive off past field with snow on both side . New car . flush with cash . clean . CUT to : int . chicagt7 : bureau of investigation office - purvis - day ( banker ' S build ) look at the gather agent . New face . College man . warren barton hold up the coat dillinger leave on Anna patzke . baum . manufacture by Freeman &amp ; Freeman in St. Louis . we be identify all store that sell this coat . we note agent cowley , rice , clegg + rorer . doris rogers ( 23 ) be purvis ' secretary . he bring she from he last post in Alabama along with Barton and baum . we have enter mid-scene . purvis then we will cross-reference every dillinger family member and know associate in each locale . ( beat ) he be there . it get cold . he buy a coat . therefore , he may have be harbore or have a safe house nearby . ( more ) ( continued ) 24 . continued : purvis ( cont`d ) by such technique we will get dillinger . ( beat ) doris ... ( stop ) for that of you who have not meet she , miss Rogers be my secretary ... ( to doris ) please contact the Chicago telephone exchange supervisor . request appointment for Carter baum or myself . ( beat ) we be go to be work long hour . it will be dangerous . that of you who be not prepare for that , can go . and if you be go to go , go now . ( no one do ) thank you , gentleman . CUT to : e/i. aragon ballroom , chicago - on dillinger - night watch a sexy young woman on the dance floor . he lose sight of she ... he 's expect someone . then , dillinger see she again : jet black hair in a bob , brown eye , high cheekbone fom :her indian mother and a great smile . she light up a ro om . she be billie frechette ( 27 ) . she feel the stare and look over . she study he , then look away . dillinger 's with pierpont , makley and Hamilton at a table . it be load with steak , oyster , and frog leg . alvin karpis and Homer Van meter approach and Alvin sit next to johnnie ... dillinger adjust he chair to watch for the girl . he 's shoulder to shoulder to karpis . dillinger hiya , Alvin . you hungry ? how 's freddie and dock ? ( note : Alvin karpis be cun and careful . he will outlive everyone , include J. Edgar Hoover , and retire to torremolino , Spain , where he will die of heart failure in 1979 . freddie and dock barker be the son of ma barker . after the FBI gun down the old woman , Hoover label she the " crime genius " of the family . accord to volney Davis , she could not organize breakfast . ) ( continued ) 25 . continued : karpis everyone 's good . ( lean in ; they talk quietly ) we be look to snatch two fella . one 's a St. Paul banker , Ed bremer . need a few more hand . dillinger do not like kidnap . karpis robbing bank be get tougher . dillinger the public do not like kidnapper . karpis who give a damn what the public like ? dillinger I do . I hide out among they . karpis ( shrug ) , L - be strictly out to make cake . dillinger .: yeah , then you , ma , dock and freddie hole up like hermit on farm for six month . I grow up on a goddamn farm . I hate farm . I like big city , crowd and a good time ... k arp be ( smile ) well , we get a mail train we be lookin ' at , too . dillinger say , by the way , if someone get pinch here , who can get them out real fast ? karpis lawyer name piquett . we all use he . ( write a phone number ) dillinger what about this train ?.. karpis need two , three more month to set up . I need seven or eight real right guy to take it down . ( continued ) 26 . continued : ( 2 ) dillinger ( smile ) sound like jesse James . karpis ( low ) a million seven , a million eight . dillinger look at karpis . in 2007 , that would be $ 22 million . karpis ( cont ' D ) Federal Reserve shipment . it run only twice a month . this be the kind of score you go away on after . dillinger where you gonna go ? karpis Brazil . Cuba , maybe . what about you ? dillinger be have too good a time today . we be not worryin ' about tomorrow yet ... karpis you ought to . what we be doin ' here , do not last forever . they lock at each other : two pro at the top of they game . dillinger keep I in mind on the train . karpis leave . dellinger can not see billie anymore . ja ' meter ( agitate ) let 's snatch bremer ... ( louder ) know how much they make snatchin' that hamm Brewery guy ? $ 250,000 . dillinger look at pierpont . p ierpont shut you yap , Homer . makley let 's get we of here . pierpont , Homer and makley leave . ( continued ) 27 . continued : ( 3 ) dillinger Homer stayin ' steady ? hamilton ( read he mind ) he 's okay . dillinger Three rule I learn from walter Dietrich . one : never work with people who be desperate . two : never work with people who be not the best . Three : never work when you be not ready . billie reappear , dance with a young man . hamilton well , I get rule four : stay away from woman . dillinger without woman , I might as well have istay in stir . Anna Sage approach with a young girl for Red . hamilton what 's why they invent whore . ( get up ) Hamilton leave , arm around the woman . dillinger keep he eye on billie . Music end . Young man escort she to she table . he try to join she . she turn he down . dillinger finish he drink , approach . he now see how beautiful billie be . she 's 5 foot 5 . with a straight erect build , she stand out in any crowd . she look dillinger straight in the eye . clear skin , dark eye with humor play about the edge . he unexpectedly start to feel nervous . he give she he best grin . dillinger I do not know what you say to you friend , but I sure be glad you do . billie look he over : a well - make man in a good suit with a great smile . and , paradox : he easily talk to woman but he 's not a hustler . he 's young , but there 's a world of experience in he face . open , but he 's hold something back . ( continued ) 28 . continued : ( 4 ) dillinger ( cont 'd ) what 's you name ? billie billie frechette . dillinger buy you a drink ? billie look at she girlfriend , she nod , billie rise ... as they cross to the bar . dillinger ( cont 'b ) be that french ? billie on my father 's side . there 's a " e " at the end . do you have a name ? dillinger Jack Harris . Music change to " bye bye blackbird . " billie do you dance , Jack ? dillinger I do not know how . she smile a pretty smile at he . billie how come you do not know how to dance ? its easy . follow I . this be a two-step . ( he stare at she foot ) do not look at my foot . look at my shoulder . she stay a inch or two distant in he arm . its slow and languorous . he follow she with little difficulty . he can smell the perfume in she black hair . torch singer ( sing ) â€ž pack - up all my care and woe here I go , sing low bye , bye blackbird " dillinger my , but you be pretty . ( continued ) 29 . continued : ( 5 ) they look into each other 's eye . he pull she closer , want to kiss she long smooth neck . he almost can not resist ... they lip be a inch apart . and then she rest she cheek on he shoulder and the kiss that be not hang in the air around they . he whisper ... dillinger . ( cont 'd ) where you from , billie ? she turn she right ear towards he . she 's deaf in she leave ear . billie flandreau . dillinger where 's flandreau .? torch singer ( sing ) " where somebody wait for I sugar 's sweet , so be she bye , bye blackbird ... " billie outh dakota . dillinger Father 's french , what 's on the other side ? billie italian . dillinger from South dakota , indian 's likelier than italian . she look at he . billie my momma 's a menominee indian . but most man do not like that ... dillinger I be not most man . billie and I check coat at the steuben Club . what do you do , Jack ? dillinger I be catch up . ( continued ) 30 . continued : ( 6 ) billie catch up on what ? dillinger on life , meeting someone like you . ( she hair ) Dark , beautiful , like the black bird in that song ... she laugh at the flattery . hold he eye a beat with a ironic look . a couple from another group look at dillinger . he 's cool . he return the look . they look away . dillinger ( cont`d ) say , how would you like some dinner ? billie sure . he nod courteously to she girlfriend , grab she coat , put a hand around billie 's waist and steer she out ... torch singer ( sing ) " so make my bed and light the light Cause I will be home late tonight bye , bye blackbird ... . " ext . aragon ballroom - dillinger + billie - night in they coat on the street . it 's cold . dillinger . pull she close . then he turn and he kiss she hard on the lip . she do not expect that . her eye be wide . he open and wrap she in he overcoat , they body close to each other . she kiss he back , long and deep . and she do not expect to do that , either . at last they separate .. . and look at each other for a beat . int . gold coast restaurant - maitre d' - night dillinger slip he bill . he and billie be show to a table . the clientele be North shore old money and businessman . some of the woman be in dazzle dress even though it 's mid-depression . a few stare at billie . she 's out of she class . dillinger what be you gonna have ? ( continued ) 31 . continued : billie stare at he , ignore she menu . billie what be it , exactly , you do for a live ? dillinger look over the top of he menu . dillinger well ... I rob bank . then he lean back in he chair and regards she . dillinger ( cont 'd ) that 's where all this people here put they money . billie why would you tell I that ? you could have make up a story ... dillinger ' Cause I can not lie to you . she study he carefully . billie ; , ;.at 's a pretty serious thing to say to a woman you just meet . dillinger I feel like I know you . billie well , I have not be any of the place you have be . so I do not even know what I do not know . dillinger some of the place I be be not so hot . where I be go be a lot better . wanna come along ? billie Boy , you be in a hurry . dillinger if you be look at what I be look at , honey , you would be in a hurry too . she laugh at he flattery , which she be also find persuasive . ( continued ) 32 . continued : ( 2 ) billie ( lean in ) well , its I they be look at this time . dillinger that 's ' cause you be beautiful . a blonde woman , elegant and ice cold , stare at billie , a Depression - era child in she dress . billie that 's nice . but they be look at I because they be not use to have a menominee indian girl in they restaurant in a three dollar dress . dillinger ( take she hand ) listen , doll , that 's ' cause they be all about where people come from . only thing important be where somebody 's go . billie where be you go ? dillinger to the top . he 's irresistible . dillinger ( coin ' D ) let 's get out of here . beat . she nod . they get up , get they thing . on they way ... a man intercept dillinger . he be gilbert catena ( 42 ) , solid with big hand . he 's smile . catena ( whispered ) hey johnny ... : dillinger react , change down , say coldly ... dillinger ( to billie ) go wait outside . I will be right there . billie turn and walk out of the restaurant . dillinger ( cont 'd ) how you be , gil ? ( continued ) 33 . continued : ( 3 ) catena Real good . I work for Mr. nitti now . be with he since I get out of Michigan ... catena indicate frank nitti ( 47 ) in a group at a table . sober and educate , nitti glance in they direction but have no interest . dillinger look like a barber . catena do not go by look . ( beat ) he 's real smart . we be connect to everybody all over the country now ... from nitti 's table a man get up and walk straight towards dillinger . he be phil d'andrea . two heavy duty bodyguard be with he . dillinger unbutton he jacket . but ... d'andrea ( smile , low ) everytime I read about one of you job , where you give people back they money , ' you crack I up ... ( laugh ) ypu need anything , Gilbert know how to find I . d' andrea continue to the men' room . dillinger see you . Gilbert ... catena good luck johnnie . ext . STREET outside restaurant - dillinger - night come out onto the sidewalk . billie be not there . he search the street . she 's go . the night , suddenly cold and lonely , wrap around johnny . CUT to : int . phone company exchange - purvis - day a engineer place headphone on purvis ' ear . acetate disk on turntable mount within giant carry case record phone call . Cloth insulate wire be strung everywhere . stenographer sit with black bakelite headphone . ( continued ) 34 . continued : baum that noise on the line ? that 's call " swing " . nothing we can do about it . some word get drop . be listen in on a car dealer . Harry berman . Rice play back a recording . voice ( v.0 . ) when you drop it , leave the key on the floorboard . ( muffle ; then ... ) B E rman ( v.0 . ) I get a desoto . voice ( v.0 . ) okay . berman ( v.0 . ) the interior 's no good . voice ( v.0 . ) do not matter . it 's a work . car . baum we think that 's dillinger 's voice . purvis how do we find berman ? baum dillinger 's coat be buy in cicero , Illinois , a few door from berman 's dealership . berman supplies car to the syndicate . since capone . dillinger must have be at berman 's switch car when he buy that coat . ( beat ) soon as they call to switch out the next car , we will tail they . right to dillinger . ext . NORTH dearborn STREET - JOHN dillinger - night get out of he buick ... int . steuben club - dillinger - night enter , see billie talk with another hostess , may minciele . ( continued ) 35 continued : two men approach . billie check they hat and coat . to dillinger ... billie ( without look up ) May I check you coat , sir ? dillinger no , honey . you go get you coat . she look up . so do May . May flash billie a look : if you do not want he , I do . may minciele sound good to I . dillinger have eye only for billie . dillinger you run out on I . billie `you leave I stand alone on the sidewalk . dillinger I ' you be go to be my girl , you have swear you will never do that again . billie I be not you girl ! a customer come up and put he ticket on the counter . customer Brown overcoat . billie ( ignore customer ) I be not you girl and I be not go to say that . dillinger I be wait . customer so be I . dillinger . ( to billie ) " I be not ever go to run out on you again . " say it . ( continued ) 36 . continued : ( 2 ) billie no . dillinger well , I will never run out on you . and that 's a promise . customer well , I want to run out of here . so , lady , will you get my coat ...? dillinger lift the man two foot off the floor and slam he into the wall . Real jailhouse rage . the lethally cold eye tell the customer everything he need to know . dillinger swing he to the counter , grab the man 's ticket , slam through the half door , find the man 's coat , toss it at he ... dillinger keep the tip . ( to billie ) you be not get other people 's hat and coat no more either . he take she coat and hold it for she . she do not move . billie no one 's ever do that for I before . dillinger you be with I now . billie I do not know anything about you . dillinger I be raise on a farm in mooresville , Indiana . my mar die when I be three . my daddy beat the hell out of I because he do not know no better way to raise I . I use to do dumb thing but I be a lot smarter now . I like baseball , movie , good clothes , fast car , and you . what else do you need to know ? she get into she coat . dillinger open the door for she . they exit , watch by May . tnt . dillinger's apartment , live room - billie - night enter . it 's large , low -ceiling , luxurious and modern --- billie be bowl over . he sit she down on a sofa . ( continued ) 37 . continued : he go into a closet to get two Marshall field box and two drink . billie you be live here long ? dillinger yeah . since yesterday . from a back bedroom ( Red 's ) a phonograph be louder as a door open and Red enter the kitchen in a robe for a drink . he return . laughter . dillinger have the box and drink . dillinger ( cont 'd ) I get something for you . ( beat ) what 's wrong ? open it up . billie open the box . she lift out a sleeveless dress in dusty pink . it be beautiful . she be very touch . the second have a coat with a fur color . but still ... billie I be drink in a man 's apartment who .:w.ant to romance I . okay . I be no " pollyanna , but there be thing that you kati would bother a girl like I ... dillinger we`rob bank `cause bank be where they keep the money . I can make 500 dollar in a year or I can make ten thousand dollar in a morning . I will take my chance on the bank . no apology . we do not go lookin ' to hurt anybody . but if somebody get in we way , that 's gotta be they problem . that what you want to know ? billie I be try to get to know you . dillinger you want to get to know I ? int . apartment , dillinger's bedroom - night dillinger be a uninhibit and enthusiastic lover . they pause . he fall over onto he back and pull she onto he chest and they look up out the window through the upside down elm tree to the Chicago moon in the cold sky . ( continued ) 38 . continued : she get up and wander around the room . he think she 's the most beautiful creature he 's ever see . she 's look at he stuff . she see suitcase that be pack , ready to leave in a heartbeat . everything 's so neat . she touch he fold shirt ... billie .smooth dillinger egyptian cotton . since we be out I go for the finest stuff . as much as I can get , as fast we can get it . billie ( suitcase ) where you goin ' ? dillinger nowhere . what do you mean ? billie you be all pack . dillinger always be . ready to get up and go in a heartbeat ... she stand next to he in the bed now . he pull she down next to he .. she turn she good ear towards he . dillinger ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong with the other ear ? billie I be marry once . he be too handy with he fist . she stare at dillinger . will this put he off . dillinger where 's he now ? billie in prison . I divorced he . only mistake I make be marrying he in the first place . he get catch mugging a mailman ... dillinger a criminal mastermind ... ( continued ) 39 . continued : ( 2 ) she turn over and put she mouth next to he ear . it get amorous through ... billie after my daddy die , we go to live on the reservation in flandreau . in flandreau nothin ' ever happen . ( beat ) when I be 13 , we go to live with my aunt ine in milwaukee where my cousin france have a lot of indian friend who go around to church and put on play like " Little fireface . " and nothing exciting ever happen to I there , either . so I have not be anywhere or do anything in my whole life except come to Chicago and try to make my way . dillinger well baby - you be go to start a new and exciting kind of life from right now . and as they be pull to each other and start make love again , she stop ... billie heat do you want ? dillinger to please you . that 's not what she mean , but gently , he roll she over on the bed . a smile spread slowly across she lip . ! not . phone company - baum / int . purvis ' apartment - purvis -- night -- intercut baum in he shirtsleeve in front of the recorder be talk to purvis as he put on he coat . baum rorer tail it . berman drop it in a alley next to the sherone Apartments 20 minute ago . rorer talk to a neighbor . Men go in and out at night carry heavy suitcase . one look like dillinger . purvis let 's go . right now . they race out . 40 . int . purvis' pierce -arrow - purvis + baum cowley and Barton join they as they pull to the curb down the block from the sherone Apartments . it 's a upscale yellow - brick apartment building with nice car in front . purvi S where be you man ? cowley my car 's on sheridan and montrose and Rice in the Ford be on sheridan and Wilson . purvis block vehicle ? end of this street ? alley ? they be not " deploy . " they be merely " here " . cowley get it . purvis exchange a look with baum , check he gun . purvis ( cont 'd ) Carter , take the back . Barton , you be with I . int . hallway on third floor - purvis + barton - night enter from the elevator . soundlessly , they approach ' - apt. 302 . two voice - a man and a woman' . Barton move away , irom the door ... purvis knock . VI scott ( 27 ) open the door . from ier reaction , she be expect someone else . she 's respectable and pretty . purvis I be special agent melvin purvis , miss Scott . be you alone ? VI scott no - my fiance be here . purvis what 's you fiance 's name ? VI scott Leonard ... mchenry . purvis May we come in ? ( continued ) 41 continued : VI scott sure . I be perfectly safe ... but come on in . she hold the door open . int . apartment 302 , live room / dine room - they enter leonard be a thin short man at a table finish dinner . he be fresh - face , maybe a junior clerk at a insurance company . not John dillinger ... leonard something wrong ? purvis you have identification ? leonard honey , would you get my driver 's licence . it 's in my coat pocket . Leonard sum reluctant to get up . with he right hand , he take a forkful of food . his leave be under the table . now , we see that he :.' hold ... a colt 45_.- , automatic who be this man ? leonard ( contâ°d ) you be that .. . melvin purvis . I have see you picture ! purvis what do you do for a live , Leonard ? leonard I travel in lady shoe . he smile at he joke . vi enter with he wallet . Barton see the driver 's license . leonard ( cont 'd ) show he , honey . vi Scott put a foot forward - a red shoe with a bow . purvis do you carry around sample ? leonard sure . Big suitcase . ( continued ) 42 . continued : purvis ( hand back the licence ) enjoy the rest of you dinner , Mr. mchenry . leonard thanks . int . carpeted hallway on third floor - purvis + barton walk the length of the hall . vi close the door behind they . purvis ( low ) its all wrong . no one in or out . I will get the other . ( at door to stair next to the elevator door ) stay here , watch that door from right here . purvis leave . Barton want to do it right . then , he hear movement from apt. 302 . object be hurriedly shift . he start back down the hallway . halfway between it and the elevator ... ping ! behind he , the elevator door open . Barton turn hi. , , back on apt. 302 . he 's catch between 302 and the elevator . -' .- tommy carroll ( 38 ) a flat - nose ex - con enter . he look curiously at Barton . barton Bureau of investigation . what 's you name ? ( flash badge ) carroll you wanna know my name ? Barton see Carroll 's eye flicker , slight smile . he spin ... a indifferent " baby face " nelson fire he .45 . blam ! blam ! Barton 's slam forward . Nelson look at Barton , prostrate , convulse . he fire a third round . 43 ext . STREET - purvis purvis pull the man from sheridan and Wilson . purvis - reacting - grab the Thompson from madala and run back inside . ext . sherone apartment - baum run to the corner of the building where he have a visual on the building front entrance and the desoto down the alley . int . third floor hallway - purvis enter , see ... barton in the final moment of he life . Barton look up into purvis` eye : help I ! purvis do not know what to do . then Barton 's eye drift away ... purvis impel himself to action . he kick in the door to apt . 302 . ï¿½._ int . apt 30.2 VI scott scream . purvis where be he ?! ext . sherone apartment - baum see - baby face nelson + tommy carroll quickly cross the alley from the back stair to the desoto . and Nelson immediately lay down round in careful short blast of full auto . Tommy Carroll calmly , smoothly start the desoto . Nelson 's barrage punch into the wall , drive daum to cover . int . sherone apartment - purvis slam open a window . the desoto accelerate out of the alley . purvis fire a few round . baum fire he pistol . both be useless at that range . the desoto have turn leave and be go . 44 . ext . sherone apartment -- purvis race in from the front door . Rice and madala drive up in the Bureau 's armor-plate Ford V - 8 . purvis they head north ! the sheridan Road car ? rice that 's we . we hear gunfire . so we. ( get it ) . come here . they be fuck . madala be it dillinger ? baum no . it be lester gillis . purvis sink . purvis the man we let get away be not John dillinger . ( beat ) it be baby face Nelson . CUT to : int . central national bank , greencastle , indiana -- 7illinger , pierpont + makley - day wear overcoat and hat with gun tuck inside , all walk into the bank . six customer . teller pierpont Change a. twenty ? teller look up at pierpont but be stare into the 45 cal . barrel of a Tommy gun while ... dillinger vault the five foot divider railing and train two 45s on the tellers . dillinger get over to the vault ! everybody ! go on ! ( continued ) 45 . continued : he herd the teller over . pierpont make customer sit in chair . the vault door be already open ... ext . STREET - red hamilton in a black studebaker be double - park with the engine run . ecu : the git , the detailed map of they getaway route . homer on lookout watch the street . nothing . dillinger and pierpont carry canvas bag cross through the foreground as ... int . studebaker red throw it into gear and they drive away . Homer jump on the run board . dillinger look over he shoulder . awestruck pedestrian . from the other end of Main Street , no pursuit . CUT to : int . bureau of investigation , WASHINGTON - hoover - day hoover ( into phone ) that be a miserable piece of work . int . banker build - purvis - day ( intercut ) purvis ( into phone ) yes , it be . I take full responsibility , sir . Hoover calm for a moment . purvis ( cont 'd ) and I would like to request we hire part time agent with " special qualification " ... from outside the Bureau . hoover I think you understand what I be do ... build. a department of professional investigator . Young college man with law or accounting degree from good family . no , you may not go outside the Bureau , purvis . ( continued ) 46 . continued : purvis the Bureau have use this man before . hoover they be not we " type . " purvis we " type " can not get the job do ... ( beat ) without qualified help I would have to resign this appointment . otherwise , I be lead my man to slaughter . Hoover be back against the wall . he do not like it . hoover ( dead cold ) Mr. tolson will call you , agent purvis . purvis thank you ... ( click ) Hoover hang up on he . int . union station ( chicago ) - a train - day have pull into track 16 . three men stand out among -- , - passenger . one 's face be obscure by a wide brirmdd`hat . they be -- charle winstead , clarence hurt + gerry campbell stiff from the journey , they stretch , take in the crowd . winstead be in he mid 40s , 5 foot 8 , body out of steel cable . hurt be in he late 30 . this man be ex - Texas ranger . unlike flashier Texan lawmen of the period , they do not wear western wear unless they be on a horse . that 's for drugstore cowboy out to impress Easterner . they wear dark suit and tie and hat . they have " special qualification . " winstead what would he say he look like ? hurt do not say . they suitcase have be set on the platform . a porter approach . porter gentlemen need a hand ? ( continued ) 47 . continued : winstead gesture at they bag and one case . the porter go to lift the case . it be so heavy he can barely raise it . Campbell pick up the other end . they toss it on the cart â€ '' porter ( contâ°d ) hardware salesmen ? winstead that 's right . his terse reply make the garrulous porter stop talk . int . union station , great hall - day the neoclassical hall be enormous . still no purvis . campbell I will call . hurt I be go to the man 's room . winstead spot a shoe-shine stand . winstead sit , nod and the shoe shine man begin to polish he western boot . he 's startle bi : the knife in a sheath build into the right boot . winstead wcrk around it . from under the brim of he hat , winstead glance at big city life in Union Station . he 's a ominous presence . hear the excited roar of a crowd and we -- CUT to : ext . the kennel club ( miami ) -- mechanical rabbit -- day zip along a inside railing under the flawless Miami sky ... sleek grey hound race in a pack after it under cumulous cloud and palm tree . streamline deco stand be almost fill . frank nitti by the railing , watch the race with phil d'an.drea . as they begin to walk ... ( continued ) 48 . contintjed nitti ( business as usual ) I want johnny patton out front on the other four track . tell adonis . he can have the parking concession , and maintenance . phil d'andrea ( nods ) annenberg want to sell you the remain equity in General News . nitti how 's he do on the wire service ? phil d'andrea feed to 300 booky now . and he come up with this gimmick call a scratch sheet . another beat . nitti stop for a beat nitti its hot out , right ? phil d'andrea yeah , Frank . nitti ever since that prick shot I I can not get warm . ( notice phil 's attention ) what ? phil d' andrea some friend from Chicago in the stand ... d' andrea nod . John dillinger nod back . nitti glance at they ; glance away . dillinger have on sunglass . billie be wear a straw hat . they be shouting to the greyhound along with pierpont , Homer and makley and some girl . they have tall drink . this be the good life for the privileged few in the middle of the Depression . a dog win ; not theirs . it calm down ... dillinger ( to pierpont ; business ) well drive out separately . ( more ) ( continued ) 49 . continued : ( 2 ) dillinger ( cont 'd ) billie and I want to hit the Gulf Coast on the way to Arizona . pierpont I want to take 66 and check bank in Denver and Phoenix . we will meet you in Tucson on the 25th . van meter I think we wear out the Midwest for awhile . ( beat ) I hear one today . Indiana paper . ( low ) " want . John dillinger . Dead or ... dead . " ( they crack up ) billie do not laugh . dillinger pull she close and she can not resist he good spirit . d' andrea 's approach ... phil d'andrea how d'ya like the track ? c'mon to the gc : - lonial for steak tonight . ( write on a card ) you be we guest ... dillinger well be there . phil d'andrea ( to cocktail waitress ) whatever this boy want , its on the house . he leave . pierpont , makley and Homer go off to place new bet . billie look at dillinger . look away . dillinger catch she ... dillinger what ? she be quiet for a moment . billie thank you , thank you for this last few week . I never think I would see Florida . dillinger you go somewhere , doll , be I ? ( continued ) 50 . continued : ( 3 ) billie it 's be , three , four week . you will look for a change . or you will get tired of I . and then I will be sad and angry . so I want to say thank you before then ... dillinger be surprised that she expectation be so low . she do not think he interest in she to be more than pass . dillinger you want to leave ? billie no . but I be no fool . I will be back check coat at the steuben Club . dillinger well , I do not want you to leave . so it will not be that way . billie then it will be another way that 's worse . ( beat ) you rob bank and you run ring around they , but you be likely to get kill or , get shot and ... dillinger who the hell give you a crystal ball ?! willie well , goddamn it , you do not need a crystal ball ...! ask Homer . dillinger Homer what ...? billie Homer and he damn joke ... I do not want to be around to see any of that . okay ?! that 's what it 's about ... dillinger get it . dillinger I be not go anywhere ! I be go to die in you arm as a old man when that time come . so what do you say about that ? close on billie now be the first time she allow herself to have any prospect about a future with he . it 's a shock . ( continued ) 51 continued : ( 4 ) she hike up she skirt and sit on he lap and smother he with a kiss . her hat fall off . patron nearby glance and look away . dillinger do not give a damn . a new pack of dog be about to take flight . ext . phillip gas station - billie with a camera -- day ( arizona ) a fresh and tan dillinger and billie be in a strikingly modern gas station on Route 66 . billie help out a family by take they picture with a kodak brownie in front of a saguaro cactus . snow - cap rincon mountain be behind they . she lean down to play with the round baby . she look over at johnnie and smile . it break he heart . int . congress HOTEL , tucson , arizona - on the clerk - day write into a register . clerk be a big man and western friendly . clerk Mr. and Mrs. Frank Sullivan of Green Bay , wd con in . how be you journey , sir ? dillinger . , â€¢ no . clerk I can send up some sandwich and beer , if you would like . dillinger that would be swell . some friend of mine should be here already . j.c. Davies and Mr. Long ? clerk out shopping , I believe . I will let they know you be in when they come back . Old bellhop take billie 's bag to the elevator . dillinger carry he own case . int . room 323 - door open dillinger tip the bellhop a dollar . Water run . dillinger go to the window - check the street , check for exit in case of emergency . dillinger you want company ? ( continued ) 52 . continued : billie ( o.s. ) after . int . bathroom - billie in the tub . dillinger enter -- dillinger first time you ever put I off . you get tired of I ? billie ( he answer ) get in here . she stretch out and wet she hair . she sit up to reach for the shampoo . dillinger 's get it and rub it into she hair . dillinger hear something in the street . he go to the window and see a car park irregularly . two men get out . dillinger get dress . right now . he turn and run into ... int . room 323 he 's pull a Tommy gun out of he case when crash ! three men burst in . one be the clerk . he crack dillinger across the head with the stock of he shotgun . dillinger fall to he knee . clerk hit he twice more . billie rush into the room .. she 's naked . the two man from the street haul dillinger , bloody and semi-conscious , to he foot and throw he against the wall and cuff he . clerk / eyman put clothes on , miss . int . jail -- dillinger handcuff be escort through the outer cell block . he react . in the opposite direction in shackle pierpont + makley escort by six guard be be move out of the jail . ( continued ) 53. continued : dillinger what happen ? pierpont Fire in the hotel . firemen find we gun . laid for we ! sorry , John . dillinger ( shout after they ) where they take you ? pierpont ( shout back ) we be get shanghaie to Ohio ! dillinger where 's billie ...? thenthey be go . they now move dillinger through . cop eyman you girl 's be put on a bus back to Chicago . we be not hold she . int . jail cell - dillinger - night be read " startle crime " magazine . he hear hold cell outer door open . he look over . melvin purvis be there . cowley and baum be with he . purvis be bring to the cell . the cop who bring he go back to he card game with four or five Tucson deputy . we see winstead and hurt in they suit and tie be there , too . they lounge at ease . a Tucson deputy give they coffee . Eye contact with dillinger . but dillinger react to purvis . dillinger ( beat ) well , the man who kill pretty Boy floyd . he might have be " pretty , " ' cause he sure be not " whiz kid floyd . " deputy stifle laughter . dillinger come up close to purvis . they be eyeball to eyeball . only the bar separate they . dillinger ( cont 'b ) ( loud , for the cop 's benefit ) now this Arizona boy , here ? ( more ) ( continued ) 54 . continued : dillinger ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) they pull on we right out . do not ask Washington for permission . do not make mistake . Arizona deputy enjoy the flattery . dillinger study purvis ... dillinger ( cont 'd ) sorry about that fellow Barton .. .one who get kill at the sherone Apartments . be he get to purvis ? dillinger ( cont ' D ) newspaper say you find he alive . it 's the eye , be not it ? they look at you right before they go . then they drift into nothing . keep you up night . purvis what keep you up , night , Mr. dillinger ? now dillinger read he like a x-ray . dillinger ( do not answer ) you act like a confident man , purvis . Bu _ , I do not see it . you know a few thing . you be probably okay when there 's a group Â° of you get the other guy outnumber . but death and mayhem up close ? I be use to that and you be not , be you ? when it 's toe to toe , " one of we will die right here , right now , " I do not think you get the get up and go . purvis have nothing to say . he stare at dillinger . then he turn to leave . purvis Goodbye , Mr. dillinger . dillinger I will see you down the road . from ten foot away . purvis ( quietly ) no you wont . the only way you will leave a jail cell be when we take you out to execute you . ( continued ) 55 . continued : ( 2 ) dillinger oh , yeah ? we will see about that . ( beat ) go get yourself another line of work , melvin . purvis gesture for the guard to let he out -- dillinger lay back down on he cot . the Tucson deputy stare after purvis , one laugh . after a moment ... dillinger ( cont 'd ) ( to Tucson deputy ) I be joke about the " we will see about that . " I will let you boy keep I in this jail awhile . cop eyman we would like that , johnny , but do not get too comfortable . they be move you . dillinger ` where to ? cop eyman ' Indiana . dillinger why ? I have absolutely nothing I want to do in Indiana . CUT to : ext . sky over chicago - aerial : lockheed lodestar landing gear - night descend . its 6:10 pm on a snowy Tuesday evening , January 30th . below be dim jewele street light in the dark white snow of the city . ext . midway airport runway - lockheed a assembly of photographer , 85 Chicago p.d. officer and a crowd have come to greet the biggest celebrity in America . as dillinger descend the airplane stair flashbulb pop . Lake County , Indiana prosecutor ROBERT estill put dillinger 's jacket over he to guard against the cold . two huge Chicago cop put dillinger into the back of a car . with outrider motorcycle , the caravan take off out of the airport into the snowy night . 56 . ext . chicago street - crowd - night crane to see the dillinger convoy as they hear approach siren . it head east towards the Indiana border and the town of crowne Point . int . lake county court house + jail -- ( crown point , indiana ) - sheriff lillian holley - night at she desk when . deputy he 's here . a diminutive woman , sheriff holley go to greet the massive cop who bring John dillinger into she reception area and its crowd of 30 reporter . sheriff holley ( to reporter ) back up over there . dellinger look at the crowd . per the " Chicago Daily News " his diction be amazing - better in many instance than that of he interviewer -- he poise no less so ... there be no hint of hardness about he , no evidence save in the alert presence of armed policeman that he have spend he formative year in a penitentiary . he have none of the sneer of - the criminal ... look at he for the first time . , .he iate as the most amazing specimen of he kind ever see outside of wildly imaginative move picture . " sheriff holley ( cont 'd ) you can take the manacle off of he now . reporter johnny , be you glad to see Indiana again ? dillinger 's slow charismatic smile ... dillinger about as glad as Indiana be to see I . everybody laugh . reporter # 2 do you smuggle the gun into Indiana State penitentiary for the big break of September 26th ? reporter how would you get they in ? ( continued ) 57 . continued : dillinger ( smile ) right there , you be too inquistive ... photographer hey Bob ... ( to prosecutor Robert estill ) put you arm around dellinger . flashbulb pop . they fluster estill . dillinger prop he elbow on the prosecutor 's shoulder and crack a broad grin . the prosecutor comply . they look like old pal . reporter when be the last time you be in mooresville ? dillinger ten year ago . I be a boy and foolish . I hold up a grocery store which I never shoulda do cause Mr. Morgan be a good man . and they sentence I to 10 year in the state penitentiary for a 50 dollar theft . in prison , I meet a lot of good -t las . I help fix up the break at " for chigan City . why not ? I stick to my friend and they stick to I . dillinger's eye see he work the reporter . he know that they be sympathetic . he play they like a champ . the New York Times call this moment ... " a modern version of the return of the prodigal son . " another reporter how long do it take you to go through a bank ? dillinger one minute and 40 second flat . dillinger nod and turn away . he - not the sheriff - end the press conference . tnt . FBI office - newspaper picture : prosecutor estill with he buddy , John dillinger rest a arm on he shoulder . ( continued ) 58 . continued : hoover ( o.s. ) why be this clown estill fraternize with the man he be schedule to prosecute ?! reveal we be in Hoover 's office . int . lake county criminal court build - louis piquett - day louis piquett - a former bartender and Chicago gangland 's melodramatic mouthpiece - be escort to the cellblock by jailor lewis baker . int . unoccupied OPEN cell dillinger 's wait for he . dillinger hold piquett 's business card . they shake hand . dillinger you come highly recommend by Alvin karpis . what can you do for I ? piquett what 's on you mind ? dillinger the electric chair . there 's none of dil linger 's cocky joie de vivre . thaw - 's for reporter . int . lake county court - judge murray - day be on the bench . dillinger be shackle to he chair . the courtroom be pack . wall be line with deputy hold rifle . Reporters scribble . the gavel quiet the crowd . piquett ( on he foot ) you honor ! be we to have a hearing in accord with the law of this nation , or be the State to be permit to incite a atmosphere of prejudice ? the very air reek with the bloody rancor of intolerant malice . the clanging of shackle bring to we mind the dungeon of the czar , not the flag-bedeck liberty of a american courtroom . I request the court to direct that that shackle be remove forthwith ! ( continued ) 59 . continued : ROBERT estill this be a very dangerous man , you honor . deputy holley ( lillian holley 's nephew ) and I be responsible for the safeguard of the prisoner . p iquett who be you ?! be you a lawyer ? what right have you to address this court ? judge murray alright , remove the handcuffs from the prisoner . ROBERT estill you honor , we would like to relocate the prisoner . only Indiana State prison in Michigan city can guarantee dillinger will not escape . judge murray sheriff holley ? sheriff holley I concur , you honor . piquett sheriff holley , I think it 's a very nice jail you have right here . what make you think there 's anything wrong with it ? sheriff holley there be not anything wrong with my jail ! it 's the strongest jail in Indiana . piquett that 's what I think . but of course , I do not want to embarrass Mrs. holley . I appreciate that she 's a woman and if she 's afraid of a escape ... sheriff holley I be not afraid of a escape . I can take care of John dillinger or any other prisoner . judge murray okay , dillinger will stay here . dillinger 's stay in crown Point . dillinger 's relieved . ( continued ) 60 . continued : ( 2 ) piquett thank you , you honor . the Defense will need four month to prepare itself . ROBERT estill it should take 10 day . piquett to go on trial in 10 day would be a legal lynching of this lad ! there 's a law against lynching ! ROBERT estill there 's a law against murder ! piquett then observe the law part . or just stand dillinger against the wall and shoot he . then , there 's no need to throw away the State 's money on this mockery . judge murray ( to both lawyer ) calm down . piquett I apologize to the court . ( indicate estill ) Bob and I respect each other very much . judge murray ( warn estill ) watch out or he will be put he arm around you , too . laughter ripple . judge murray ( cont 'd ) the trial start in one month on March 12th . dillinger as he stand , handcuffs be reapply . he lean to piquett , whisper . , . dillinger Atta boy , counsel . e/i. lake county jail - morning SAM cahoon , , a 64 - year- old janitor , trot through the rain and into the jail . he shake the rain from he coat , wave to a guard and pass through to the ( continued ) 61 . continued : corridor it run the length of the jail . at the far end be the bar door to the criminal cell block . int . criminal cell block cahoon gather he mop . cahoon Bryant ! guard bryant pull a lever , open the cell in the cell block . dillinger and 14 prisoner step out of they cell , free to roam the corridor behind the bar cell - block door . cahoon and two trustees , carry box of toilet paper , soap and dutch cleanser , enter . dillinger jab something in cahoon 's belly . cahoon get a glimpse : it 's a small black gun . dillinger - cpme on , Sam , we be go place . a hulk black prisoner , herbert youngblood , hold a length of ipe , materialize next to dellinger and usher Bryant and the trustees into a empty cell . youngblood pull the lever , lock the cell . dillinger ( cont 'd ) boy , get in there . dillinger , youngblood and cahoon set off down the corridor . int . lake county jail , corridor - dillinger dillinger call the warden . cahoon warden ! warden ? come on back ! warden lew baker emerge from the office . dillinger raise the gun . warden baker that be not real . dillinger anything you say . ( continued ) 62 . continued : dellinger grab he by the shirt , spin he round and jam it under he chin . int . lake county jail , wardenis office - four guard look up , startle . dillinger no one move or I will plug the warden . dillinger grab two Tommy gun . youngblood start tie up they prisoner . Baker stare at dillinger 's pistol . warden baker I be right , be not I ? it 's not real . int . garage at the rear of the jail . a mechanic name edward saager be hunch over the engine of a 1927 nash when he feel something shove into he back . he turn to see dillinger alright , which of this here car be the fastest , and you be go with , so do not ... lie . saager that would be the Ford in the corner . it 's get the new V - 8 . dillinger we be take that . saager ( hesitating ) that 's sheriff lillian holley 's personal car . that even more highly recommend it . dillinger start rip ignition wire out of the other car . dillinger , youngblood , deputy sheriff blunk , and saager be herde into the sheriff 's Ford V - 8 . ext . crown point MAIN STREET - ford V - 8 - day with dillinger drive . youngblood 's in the backseat cover saager + deputy sheriff blunk . they cruise out of town . int . holley's ford V -8 - youngblood youngblood we get a car follow . ( continued ) 63 continued : youngblood shove the Thompson out the window and fire some round . meanwhile , dillinger floor it , the V - 8 roar , rocket they ahead . dillinger ( be acceleration ) wow. Mr. youngblood , be we clear now ? youngblood we be . dillinger okay , folk . dillinger check he rearview mirror , then the speedometer . he 's impressed . dillinger ( cont 'd ) ( address the two hostage ) I be go to write to Henry Ford . " dear Henry Ford , you 1934 Ford be the best damned getaway car in America . your - truly , John dillinger . " ( eye tense hostage ) relax folk ... dillinger ajoy the speed . he start to hum . then ... dillinger ( conyâ°d ) okay . who know the last round -up ? " ( singing ) " get along little doggie , get along . . " int . J. edgar' office - radio only tolson and J. Edgar Hoover be there . reporter how do he act ? deputy sheriff slunk well ... he sing part of the way . reporter what do he sing ? deputy sheriff slunk you know the last round-up . " ( half -sing " the last round - ups= ) " get along little doggie , get along ... ( continued ) 64 . continued : narrator ( lowell Thomas voice ) as John dillinger escape from the Crown Point jail ... or as folk now call it , the " clown Point jail " ... he appear immune to the force of law . and comment in he fireside address on March 5th , 1933 ... FDR the Federal government , you know , can not be hold up to mockery in this way ... Hoover be rock . it 's as if FDR be say Hoover be the man responsible for the federal government be mock ... narrator ( pause ; heraldic music ) meanwhile , the Emperor haile selassie . CUT to : int . walgreens drug store , gary , indiana - phonebooth : dillinger watch car , people , then . dillinger ( into the phone ) it 's I , baby . int . willie' furnished apartment - night it 's basic , the furniture be wear . billie clutches the phone to she ear . dillinger ( phone ) I can not talk long . be you okay ? int . telephone exchange baum be listen intently to John dellinger . a acetate disc turn . the stylus cut . agent madala be call billie 's local exchange to see if the operator can trace the call . int . billie' apartment - billie billie do not come to Chicago . int . room in telephone exchange - baum dillinger ( o.s. ) I promise I would look after you , do not I ? 65 . tnt . walgreen' drug store - dillinger intercut dillinger and billie . billie yes . dillinger and you believe I , do not you ? you know I will look after you . billie yes . dillinger say it . say you know it . billie do not come to Chicago , johnnie . dillinger say it . billie know you will look after I . dillinger love you , baby . dillinger end the call . Hamilton wait in a Hudson at the curb . int . telephone exchange madala shake he head - no trace . I /e. purvis' pierce -arrow - across from billie' apartment build - on purvis with baum . purvis she know we be watch and he know we be listen . CUT to : ext . carole slayman' whorehouse , rear yard - dillinger drive the ' 34 Ford . next to he , now , be Red Hamilton . the ' 34 Ford drive into the backyard . johnny 's out and approach the rear door , he jacket over he right arm partially hide the Thompson . he 's glad to be back ... ( continued ) 66 continued : dillinger ( big smile ) hiya Sport . sport how're ya doin ' Mr. johnny ? you gotta hold it right there ... where 's the warm welcome ...? dillinger where 's carole ? sport they get move to Newport , kentucky . ( beat ) can not stay here no more , Mr. johnny . the smile fall off dillinger 's face . dillinger say who ? int . kitchen - martin zarkovich make himself visible in the doorway . unseen be two big cop with shotgun who stay hide inside . zarkovich ( move into doorway ) Sport 's only follow order . so be I . he demonstrate that he palm be empty . he 's smart enough not to be armed . zarkovich ( cont 'd ) they think you might come here . Zarkovich be nervous . dillinger reach for he front pocket . zarkovich ( cont ` D ) you money be no good . dillinger I do not get it . zarkovich you go talk to you pal , Gilbert . dillinger about what ? ( continued ) 67 . continued : zarkovich talk to Gilbert catena . dillinger , not take he eye off window and door , back away . he know there be more man . Zarkovich be nervous and freeze because ... red hamilton be front sight rest on Zarkovich 's heart which he would blow out the back of he chest with the soupe - up 351 Winchester . now , dillinger pull the ' 34 Ford out of the backyard with Red still on the run board . Zarkovich almost faint in relief . CUT to : ext . brick STREET in kankakee , illinois - the ' 34 ford - day pull to the curb . weed . vestige of prairie . a old house sit at the back of a lot . a workshop be near the road . a sign say ' ï¿½lieboldt repair . " front door ;.:.:- dillinger on the bel , : , , a wear -look woman answer . she be harriet lieboldt . dillinger we be look for oscar ... be he home ? mrs . lieboldt I be Mrs. lieboldt . and he be not home . he 's dead . johnny glance at Red . dillinger I sure be sorry , mar 'am . be it an. accident ? mrs . lieboldt he accidentally get in the way of a shotgun when it be go off . what do you want ? dillinger oscar have " tool " of mine , he be repair they . ( continued ) 68 . continued : mrs . lieboldt everything that be here ? that people take it all away . it be not here no more . CUT to : int . kedsie avenue cigar store - glass door slam open . dillinger and Red enter . Red throw two customer outside , close the door , flip the sign to close . dillinger confront Gilbert catena with a 45 pull from one of two shoulder holster and dead center on Gilbert 's forehead . dillinger I go to East Chicago to lay low . the welcome mat be not out . and I keep hearing you name . ( beat ) then at oscar 's , my gear be go . the deadly look in dillinger 's eye leave no mistake . dillinger ( contâ°d ) I be go to ask you once . ( beat ) and I just do . gilbert let I make a telephone call . dillinger nod . gilbert ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) gimme phil ... ( beat ) he 's downstairs . he hang up . he gesture to a doorway and stair lead to the second floor . johnny and Red throw Gilbert up the stair first . int . second floor - gilbert , dillinger + red - day enter . they see office remodeling in progress . five technician run wire , install phone . EIGHT clerk with shade on and ledger man phone . other man be look over blueprint . they look up . they be Jake guzik and he brother , phil d'andrea and seven or eight assort syndicate soldier . four heavyset soldier ( continued ) 69 . continued : come forward to frisk johnny + Red . they gesture for they to open they coat to allow the search . d'andrea ( irritate ; to catena ) anybody see he come in ? gilbert I do not think so . soldier one . dillinger turn the man , slam a knee into he kidney , pull he back off balance , hold he up with one 45 under he jaw , as he draw the second 45 and sweep the group ... dillinger wanna know if we be armed ? be armed . he dump this guy on he ass , he heavy shoe a ounce from crush he larynx . Red 's two thompson conceal on shoulder strap be out from under he coat . frozen time . phil d'andrea sit on the corner of a table . only he stay relaxed . d'andrea k around , johnny . what do you see ? 1 1 dillinger a`lot of telephone . d'andrea you see money . before last month there be independent wire service let booky know who win the third race at sportman 's park. 300 of them . now there 's only one . ours. General News . nationwide . on october20 , you rob the bank in Green Castle , Indiana . you get away with $ 74,802 . Split 5 way , that 's $ 14,960.40 . you probably think that be a big score . dillinger stare at he . where 's this go ? d'andrea ( cont 'd ) ( indicate the room ) this room make that much every day . that be how money get make . and it keep get make , day after day after day . it be a river of money . flow right to we . and it get deeper and it get wider . ( beat ) unless the cop come through that door . ( continued ) 70 . continued : ( 2 ) dillinger but they will not . d'andrea that 's right . we pay they not to . unless they know you be here . then they come through the door , no matter what . ( beat ) what do that tell you ? dillinger I be popular . d'andrea you be bad for business . what this be , be call obsolescence . d'andrea ( cont 'd ) so the syndicate get a new policy , johnny . ( beat ) guy like you ? we be not launder you money or bond no more . you be not hole up in we whorehouse anymore . no armorer . no doctor . no nothing . ( beat ) that 's the way it be . d' andrea come closer to he . d'andrea ( cont 'd ) and I be a messenger . this be business . ( quietly ) between we ... he reach into a pocket for cash . d'andrea ( cont 'd ) you need something to tide you by in case you be short ? dillinger and Red 's look say it all . they start out . d'andrea ( cont 'd ) okay - but can you do I a personal favor ? dillinger hesitates . d'andrea ( cont 'd ) for my son , Mark . you be he hero . ( continued ) 71 . continued :( 3 ) d' andrea pull out piece of paper and a pen . dillinger look at he like he 's crazy . then he sign the autograph . d'andrea . ( cont 'd ) good luck to you . you too , Red . tnt . cigar store - dillinger + hamilton cross through . hamilton why would you sign that asshole 's paper ? dillinger I do not know . ext . justice dept . build + staircase - purvis be kept waiting . he now join hoover + suydam who be briskly exite the building . Hoover 's angry . his voice be clipped and rapid-fire . hoover ... they call Crown Point , " clown Point . " , , . , the Bureau of investigation can not catch " " Public enemy no. 1 , but Arizona cowboy zï¿½ . the President of the United States - s'aid dillinger be make a mockery of the system of justice in this country . that mean I be allow dillinger to make a mockery of the system of justice in this country . it be a dark cloud . there be a silver lining in that cloud . by escape , John dillinger have give we a second chance to get John dillinger . ( beat ) Hamilton have a 17 year old sister in Detroit . arrest she . dump she in the tank . pick up all know dillinger associate . doctor . question family member . pierpont 's mother in Indianapolis . dillinger 's family in mooresville . foreigner . we suspect all of they of harbor ... purvis Hamilton 's family have not have word from he in year ... hoover that 's the point . motivate they to get " word . " create informant , agent purvis . ( more ) ( continued ) 72 . continued : hoover ( cont 'd ) I want suspect interrogate " vigorously . " " grill . " no misplace sentimentality . as they say in Italy and elsewhere this day ... " take off the white glove . " by this point , they be down the justice Department staircase . purvis be dismiss . Hoover step in front of a ... movietone news crew where 35 boy , age 12 - 15 have be wait in a line . High voltage enthusiasm suddenly imbue Hoover . hoover what 's you name , son ? harris Harris . the camera roll . hoover ( turn to camera ) G - Men all over the country have pick up : the gauntlet flung down by the outlaw and wanton murderer . and this junior crime fighter , this junior g-men ... color desaturate into black + white . we do not kno Â°why . hoover ( cont 'd ) ( continuing ) . every one of they . , stop some crime from occur and forestalled a entry into the black book of criminal deed . I be reward they with this medal today . my friend , Harris here , be the first ... Hoover pin the first medal on Harris . and over that we hear offscreen ... dillinger ( o.s . ) ( low ) you can size up a score like nobody 's business , Tommy . you be a good egg , but I do not like Nelson . why be JOHN dillinger's voice here ? black + white of hoover ( continued ) 73. continued : cut to photograph of ... black + white pretty boy floyd , bullet - ride on a slab in a morgue . and we hear .. movie announcer ( v.o . ) ( booming ) pretty Boy floyd . he think he could lead a life of crime with impunity ... pull back to reveal . . JOHN dillinger . we be in ... int . movie theater - dillinger be listen to Tommy Carroll . next to dillinger in the row be Red . tommy carroll ( whisper ) you get lester wrong . he think the world of you . Whole country think you be a hero . Beyond they on the screen pretty Boy floyd`s face be replace by Harry p e rpont 's mug shot . now , shouse , enter and sit next to Tommy . we have not see he since johnny throw he out of the car in Indiana . he hold out he hand ... shouse ( whispered ) johnny , willing to let bygone by bygone ... nothing from dillinger . on the screen now be pierpont 's image . movie announcer ( v.o . ) ( booming ) recently convict of murder in lima , Ohio and sentence to die in the electric chair be John pierpont ... carroll John , we gotta all be friend or this be not gonna work . dillinger Red tell you . after we take the bank , we bust out pierpont and makley . ( continued ) 74 . continued : shouse they get the prison surround by National Guard ... movie announcer ( v.0 . ) and director J. Edgar Hoover would like you in the audience to help we apprehend ... Public enemy # 1. now on the screen : JOHN dillinger the man freeze . movie announcer ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) . dillinger be think to be in Indiana or Illinois and have be know to travel with this man . look around you , lady and gentleman ... Red Hamilton 's photo . shouse try to rise . tommy slam he back into he seat . hamilton oh Jesus ... now the light come up ! movie announcer ( v.0 . ) they may be sit right next to you ! turn to you right and turn to you leave ... audience turn right and leave . dillinger and hamiltn and Tommy turn they head , too , search for desperado . JOHN dillinger the exposure be so outrageous it make dillinger laugh out loud . that make the people all around talk and joke . dillinger's hand grip his45 . shouse be grey with fear . houselight darken . finally , looney tune start . daffy duck . carroll ( low ) after the bank we will figure out if we can bust out pierpont and makley ... ( continued ) 75 . continued : ( 2 ) hamilton shouse , you step out of line one inch and and I will kill you . then I will kill you parent for have have you . then I will kill they pet dog . dillinger where 's the bank ? carroll sioux Falls . Nelson say there 's $ 800,000 in there . he get we a great place to hole - up after ' till the heat blow over . dillinger + red walk up the aisle to camera . cartoon continue behind they . hamilton " do not work with people you do not know and do not work when you be desperate . " walter Dietrich . remember that ? dillinger walter forget ... when you be desperate , 'f iat 's when you get no choice . int . lobby` security national bank &amp ; trust company ( sioux fall , south dakota ) - nelson - day throw open he overcoat , draw he Tommy gun and fire a burst into the ceiling , bring down plaster and light fitting . employees and customer panic . baby face nelson everyone on the floor ! this be a hold -up . dillinger ( pass Nelson ) you be turn it into a circus ! what the hell be you do ? meanwhile , a terrify clerk press a button and the alarm ring loudly outside . baby face nelson ( rant ) I would like to know who set that alarm off . who the hell do it ? who ? dillinger and Red get to the bank president and shove he towards the vault . Nelson be work himself into a frenzy . he point he gun at one terrify customer after another . ( continued ) 76 . continued : baby face nelson ( cont 'd ) if you want to get kill , make a move . what about you ? how about you ? vault its a lot less than $ 800,000 . dillinger where in the hell 's all the big money ? outside the bank a traffic cop , roger power , run up . Van meter surprise and disarm he in classical fashion , but ... lobby through the window Carroll see a motorcycle cop , hale keith , arrive outside . Nelson scramble onto a desk and fire a burst through the plate glass . baby face nelson I get one , I get one ! I get a cop ! vault - on dillinger can not believe this be fuck happening . ext . the security national bank &amp ; trust company dillinger and Hamilton emerge with the Bank President , four tellers for a scrum of hostage . Carroll and Nelson , , :. , have a ragtag bunch . they be almost at the car . Nelson turn to the onlooker . nelson what be you look at ? Nelson fire over they head . hostages scream and try to break loose . Nelson advance on the crowd ... out of a jewelry store , harry berg , emerge and fire at baby face nelson , who be wear a bullet - proof vest . Nelson spray the area . berg dive back in he store , bystander , jacob solomon , be hit in the stomach and crumple . delay allow ... ext . rooftop across the STREET -- deputy with a 44-40 Winchester get a bead on dillinger ( continued ) 77 . continued : he squeeze off a round . the shot hit dillinger in the back of the leave shoulder and exit he upper arm . dillinger Son of a bitch ! bang ! the second shot hit Carroll in the head , knock off he hat . dillinger fire up at the deputy , try to lift Carroll , blood gush from he head . he appear to be dead . dillinger leave he . sixteen year old , joe pawlowski -- fuel by adrenaline , run across the street and jump onto Nelson 's back . Nelson , scream with rage , throw he through a plate glass window , fire two round and run to join the other -- pure chaos . dillinger throw Nelson in the car . the hudson surge forward . the car proceed to a intersection and stop . dillinger ( cont 'd ) m.on ! shouse cant find he place on the.git . hamilton right ! goddamnit ! right ! as shouse make the turn ... int . ford , travelling - dillinger grimace with pain . Hamilton help he off with he overcoat . ext . little bohemia - ford - twilight ( later ) pull in . its a tourist lodge -a two -story log cabin with a bar , kitchen and dance floor downstairs and bedroom above . emil wanatka , come out , trail by he two colly and Nelson 's girlfriend , vi Scott . dillinger how would you find this place ? dillinger look at wanetka . he 's uneasy . he trust nothing about it . ( continued ) 78 . continued : nelson couple of Chicago guy tell Tommy . do not worry , nobody 's gonna find we . he think be salesmen . int . dillinger be room - money - night be count . dillinger how much ? nobody want to answer . Hamilton meanwhile use atropine sulphate to clean dillinger 's wound . baby face nelson $ 46,120 . dillinger that would be less than $ 800,000 , right ? right ! van meter still more than $ 8,000 a man . dillinger leave my money and get out . Van meter , Nelson and shouse exit . dillinger ( cont 'd ) we gotta cut loose from Nelson . hamilton you need to rest up awhile . dillinger no . we do not get out of here in the morning , we be go to wind up dead . hamilton we could head to reno ... dillinger lie back in bed , look around the room , angry and frustrated . Hamilton get up to leave ... dillinger I need two more gun , Red . over we hear the SOUND of someone scream and calling out -- 79 . int . sioux fall hospital - tommy carroll - night in the bed , he head swathed in bandage . he lapse in and out of consciousness , thrashes with pain , shouting out . be acutely aware of purvis . uncomfortable , purvis stand apart from the other . Agents rorer and clegg be by the bedside . carroll gimme the shot , doc. please . I be begging you . rorer not until you tell we ! as the pressure inside he skull become unbearable -- carroll oh , mother ! help I ! please , God ! he begin to scream . it be harrowing . a doctor hurry into the room , purvis block he from the patient . he shove he back out the door and follow he ... doctor ( spit it out , fury ) T h e bullet enter the back of he head . it be rest over he right eye . his brain be swell . he will be dead soon . he be suffer and I need to sedate he . purvis not yet . if you interfere , I will arrest you . from inside . rorer where be he ?! carroll give I a shot ! rorer di.llinger ! then you get the shot ! where be he ? the Doctor look at purvis . purvis remain steadfast . but we see purvis struggle with this . maybe he soul have just go to hell . ( continued ) 80 . continued : rorer hover over Tommy Carroll . he block we view but he hand press down onto Carroll 's skull . scream . the Doctor walk away . he will not be a witness to torture . more scream . close on purvis : look up to see rorer look at he . rorer be sweat . he nod . he have a answer . int . sioux fall airport - night urgent activity , purvis , baum and winstead be racing . in the background , rorer be on the phone . hurt be check weapon and ammo . a charter Ford trimotor 's engine rev . rorer ( into phone ) . place be call Little bohemia in manitowish , Wisconsin . purv I S what 's the nearest airport to manitowish ? rorer rhinelander . int . banker ' build , office - cowley - night listen . Agents be throw on coat , grab greiade , steel vest , Tommy gun . purvis ( o.s. ) we group will fly down in the plane . ( to cowley ) Sam , you drive up . cowley ( recite ) Little bohemia . manitowish , Wisconsin . int . little bohemia , dillinger be room - dillinger - night look at the courtyard fifteen foot below , which be light up . dillinger position a Winchester ..351 autoloader next to the window . move stiffly across the room to the other window ... a drop five feet onto a lower roof - ( continued ) 81 . continued : dillinger position a Thompson on the window sill . then he turn on the radio and try to sleep . ext . pine wood - two bureau hire car - night approach the lodge and stop 300 yard away . no light . purvis , baum. , winstead , hurt and Agents Rice and rorer get out and whisper : purvis if you can get dillinger alive , do it . if not , then you put he down . Rice , rorer - take the back . Carter , you cut through the wood and come up on the front from the northwest . get up close enough to see if they be in the barroom . winstead if he be ? purvis we know where he be . we go in . winstead if he be not ? purvis of in anyway . winstead too much real estate out here . too many way for them to get out . and too few of we to blockade them in . ( beat ) we need road-block . a assault plan . this be not how to do it . we gotta wait for cowley 's group ... purvis hesitates . then . purvis I will not risk they escape and humiliate we . take the southwest corner . cover that and the front . ( to hurt ) block the road we come up -- winstead have to accept this . he be not happy . baum move off through the wood . as winstead and hurt start to move off ... 82. ext . little bohemia lodge - three local men , ccc worker enter from the barroom . they seem relieved to be away from the garrulous Nelson . they get into the chevrolet and start the engine . turn on the radio . loud . colly begin to bark . int . barroom - nelson hear the dog bark . ext . little bohemia lodge - chevrolet engage first gear . purvis stop that car ! Federal Agents ! int . chevrolet - night the three man inside can not hear they . they be load . they radio be blaring . ext . little bohemia lodge - nelson appear in the front doorway , gun in hand . carter baum in the wood see the armed man frame in the doorwa baum ( shout out ) Bureau of investigation , nobody move ! chevrolet slowly start towards purvis and the other -- purvis Police ! stop ! ( heat ) Fire ! purvis and from the wood baum open up . Agents madala , and clegg FIRE as well . close on chevrolet take hit from the Agents ' tommy gun . Glass shatter , tire explode . it stop , dead . meanwhile ... winstead + hurt deeper in the wood , cover the side window from where they know gunfire will soon erupt . it doe as ... 83. int . barroom - nelson and the other inside be firing out window , kill light . ext . wood - winstead + hurt FIRE only on window from which they see muzzle flash . int . dillinger be room - dillinger + hamilton at dillinger 's window , exchange furious fire with Rice and rorer at the side of the lodge , force they back behind out building . splinter fly . Glass shatter . gunsmoke be thick . ext . little bohemia , barroom - nelson , shouse + van meter fire back , force purvis to cover . purvis where the hell be cowley ? purvis - low - run to the chevrolet , open the door . the driver and one passenger be dead . a middle age , unarm man step out . bullet zing around he . he promptly sit down on the ground. , , dead drunk . this be not Public enemy . the texans unload only on real target . bullet CUT through the tree . shadowy figure dart from a side door and leap over the porch firing a Tommy gun . bullet strike the tree around purvis . baum someone get out ! purvis be it dillinger ? baum I think so . purvis see if you can head he off . go! purvis run into the wood after the flee figure . Carter baum race off in a car . 84 . ext . pine wood - purvis run hard , glimpsis the figure . he fire but miss , keep run , desperate ... int . little bohemia , second story - roof - dark night bullet tear into the wooden wall . two Men jump out of a back window , not clear who they be ... its chaos . ext . little bohemia - the two men sprint down wooden step to the beach , turn left and run along the lake behind the lodge , trading shot with rorer and Rice . Rice be hit in the leg and cartwheel forward . rorer stay with he . now we see this be dillinger run but impede by he shoulder wound . Hamilton help he . in the background , we see Van meter and shouse have also bail out of the house for the beach but disappear into wood to the right . dillinger + hamilton run along the line of the lake , but in wood now . winstead run through tree parallel to they but further away from the water . he catch sight of two figure through the : tree play against the water from 100 yard away . dillinger + hamilton move fast . not much brush to slow they . dillinger sense , react ... hard charging winstead , from 50 yard fire he pump-action 10 gauge shotgun four time . dillinger + red in a burst of speed , cover behind heavier tree , which be crater by the heavy shot . and dillinger , never stop , out the other side , be firing he Thompson at winstead as . winstead ( continued ) 85 continued : roll forward under the two 5 - shot burst from dillinger and ... slo --mo . winstead be hand , while roll , feed three 10 - gauge round into the load port of he shotgun , .and he roll right up onto one knee , bring the 10 gauge onto the fast moving glimpsis through tree and he 's firing at ... ghost because dillinger and Red be beneath the brow of the bank , move fast , now , and dillinger reload as ... winstead signal above and behind he . to ... hurt who cross at a higher point on the contoure landscape , give the , , - texans cross fire possibility , and ... dillinger fire -- whrthe bank 's cut by a ravine - exactly where winstead should be ... dillinger be Pov : nothing winstead 's go . and dillinger know the level of play have be raise by the addition of whoever this man be . as he and Red race across the ravine for the high ground advantage ... hurt fire Hamilton 's leg give way . dillinger haul he up , still on run ... dillinger you hit , Red ? hamilton I do not think so . dillinger look at Red 's shirt . a blood stain bloom just above he belt . it 's bad . dillinger come on , Red . we can make it . ( continued ) 86 . continued : ( 2 ) on the high ground , past rock outcropping towards a house . meanwhile ... ext . wood - purvis - night run desperately after the shadowy figure . now we see it 's ... baby face nelson who turn and fire at purvis , who drop behind a. fell tree . ahead , Nelson see car light through the tree and ... ext . road - nelson tumble down the bank onto the road . Nelson flag it down a approach car . it screech to a stop . its a Bureau car . do they think Nelson 's a agent ? int . bureau car - carter baum be at the wheel . he realize its Nelson . Nelson , aim he Tommy gun ... nelson I know you bastard wear bulletproof vest , so I will give it to you high and low ... Nelson open up . baum , hit , manage to fall out of , - the passenger door and run . ext . pine wood - purvis hear distant shoot . he race for the road . ext . road -- baum twist , turn , fire a handgun , miss . Nelson fire again . Three slug tear into baum 's neck . baum topple over a white fence , land on he face . Nelson shoot baum again . int . car - nelson be in , pull out . purvis spill down through tree . he fire , ineffectually at the disappear car . he rush to baum . a sick gurgle sound be come from he throat . purvi S Carter ! ( continued ) 87 continued : baum 's eye flicker . purvis ( cont 'd ) who be it ? be it dellinger ? baum shake he head a fraction . baum ( barely audible whisper ) Nelson . baum 's eye roll back in he head . purvis run after the car . he dive through the wood to cut it off at a turn in the road . ext . house - a car be outside . a man 's on the porch , have react to gunshot . dillinger gimme the key to that car ! he toss they . dellinger already have Red inside , start it and blastsr , ... away from the house . winstead cjim : bing out of the ravine sees the car pull away . it 's go . he and hurt run for the shoreline to get back to ... ext . little bohemia lodge - wide - night tear gas billow out the window . winstead ( arriving ) cease fire ! stop shoot ! the shoot stop . there be no return fire from the lodge . winstead put a handkerchief over he nose and mouth and enter e/i. little bohemia lodge - wanetha + nan cough they lung out and cower behind the furniture . no one else be there . meanwhile ... int . stolen bureau car , moving - nelson speed , see two Men step into the road , raise weapon . he slam on the brake . the two man run up , shouting " get out of the car ! " ( continued ) 88. continued : Nelson burst out laugh . nelson you dumb bastard . homer van meter + ed shouse streak with mud jump in . Nelson take off . ext . wood near the road -- purvis tumble out of the wood onto the road just in time to see Nelson in the steal Bureau car disappear around the next corner . he keep run , desperately , futilely ... int . packa. , . rd - cowley drive . madala be next to he , read a map . clegg and Smith be in back . they see a oncoming car . cowley who 's that ? cowley slow . the other car do not . ahead cowley slam on the break . madala somebody 's on the road ! purvis run towards they , jump in the Packard . purvis turn it around ! . the car ... cowley who be in it ? purvis ( breathless ) baby face Nelson . he kill Carter . cowley u-turn and accelerate . int . stolen bureau car - nelson see the Packard gain on they . nelson who be this bird ? he pull the wheel to the right . 89 . ext . highway the stolen Bureau car be on the shoulder past a blind curve . int . packard - cowley blast around the curve , tire scream , pass the stolen Bureau car . now Nelson pull out behind they ! cowley look out ...! int . stolen bureau car - nelson accelerate , close in on the Packard . he assault the FBI . nelson let them have it . int . packard - purvis purvis `'aster , Sam ! ext . road , split ... become twbjane of blacktop separate by a median with tree . tree be between they . int . packard - purvis see Homer Van meter steady he Thompson . madala duck . cowley hit the brake , lock the wheel . Nelson 's car surge past , spoil Van meter 's aim , purvis fire . madala fire . int . stolen bureau car - losing speed ! Packard 's come up on they . Nelson stomp on the gas . nelson hit the engine ! Nelson spin the wheel to veer off the highway onto a ... ext . dirt road -- but nelson's car . hit a berm , bounce high and roll over . int . stolen bureau car - nelson struggle to free himself from under shouse . shouse 's neck have be break . he be dead . Van meter be clear and run . ( continued ) 90 . continued : nelson come back here , help I , you son of a bitch ! Homer do not . he 's go . the Packard hurtle towards he , screech , skid sideways , stop ! purvis , cowley + madala be out . purvis fire . van meter be cut down right away , hit 14 time . while ... nelson open up with the Tommy gun , rip cowley across the chest . as madala ' S 12 - gauge fire . Nelson , slam in the chest , drop - to he knee , fight on , as ... purvis ' Thompson and madala 's second round hit at the same time . the 45s and double odd shot tear into Nelson 's chest and slam he back . purvis rush to cowley ... purvis ( move towards he ) Rest quiet and you will be alright , Sam . cowley call my wife and tell she . int . dillinger's stolen car , parked in a SMALL town - hamilton - day be in agony . dillinger get in back beside he . he 's buy medical supplies from a drug store and whisky . he help Hamilton to a slug and . some pill . hamilton not like you be not see a man die before . ( continued ) 91 . continued : he put he bloody hand in dillinger 's . hamilton ( cont 'd ) ( read dillinger 's mind ) you gotta let ... ( grimace with pain ) you gotta let I go , John . dillinger bullshit . hamilton and you gotta let billie go too . flash of anger in dillinger 's eye . hamilton ( cont 'd ) I know ... you ... never let no one down you care about . but this ... time ... you gotta let go ... Hamilton desperately search dillingerk eye for a response . Hamilton squeeze dillinger 's hand and grimace in pain . he let out a'7 - `gasp . his grip relax . dillinger look away ... a car pull in next to he . as the driver get out , he happen tc ... giance at dillinger 's car . driver be Pov : two men in the back of a car . one lie motionless , cover in blood , the other look dishevel and distraught . the Driver turn , restart he car and pull quickly away . ext . field - night bleak and desolate . dillinger be digging . even a shallow grave take time . he drag Hamilton 's body to the grave . streak of dawn light the sky . dillinger I be sorry to do this to you , Red . dillinger empty box of lye buy from the pharmacy on Red 's face and start shovel earth on he friend 's body . 92 . ext . field - dawn dillinger sit on a rock by the grave , whisky bottle in hand , sweaty and cold at the same time . his stomach be empty and he spirit be rock bottom . he get up , throw away the empty bottle , take a last look at the grave and walk to he car . CUT to : int . black hudson , chicago - JOHN dillinger ._ night drive west on Troy . the neighborhood street be cold and empty . but ahead dillinger see ... 1933 chevrolet 2 -door coupe park at the curb . two man be inside . silhouettes against steam window . they be wait , watch . extremely close : dillinger's face impassive . he know exactly who they be . he cruise past without glance and continue west ... int . 1933 chevrolet surveillance car - night the man inside be Agents reinecke and rorer . reinep wipe the condensation from the windshield . across the sty " =et he see billie through she second story window . he make a notation . rorer be asleep . tnt . ashland ave . furnished apartment - billie - night check she watch . , rise past she window to turn on the radio . Paul whiteman 's band sign off follow by a geritol commercial tell radiol.and to stay tune for the will Rogers commentary . int . ashland apartment , foyer - billie + neighbor , also a dark haire woman . billie slip she $ 20 . she make she a sandwich . neighbor take billy place in front of the window by the radio . meanwhile ... ext . rear alley - snow flurries : billie in a man 's overcoat and hat , cross the alley to the rear of the building opposite . 93. ext . alley - a second FBI car + agent watch the rear of billie 's building . Agents ignore a man crossing the alley in the cold night . int . reinecke's car rorer what 's she do ? reinecke ( look ) listen to the radio ... ext . wabansia avenue - billie emerge from the passageway between building in man 's clothes , look over she shoulder , and cross into the street . she just stand there . nothing move under the skeletal elm in the white snow . then : light come on . they stab at she . she can not see in the glare . black hudsowi ; pull through -- JOHN dillinger open the door . she jump in . he 's already pull away ... int . agent ''office - day madala , clegg and the other agent be wait for a briefing to begin . purvis enter . purvis agent cowley die this morning at 5:17am . grim reaction among the men.. , they lose colleague and friend ... purvis ( cont 'd ) right now all of dillinger 's friend be dead . he 's out there alone . there will not be a better chance to run he down . rorer he could be anywhere - California , Florida ... purvis he could be anywhere - but he be not . what he want be right here . billie frechette . ( continued ) 94 . continued : purvis look up and see the open door . reinecke stand there ... a desolate look of failure . purvis know what 's happen . they lose billie . CUT to : int . NBC radio studio ( los angele , CA ) - will rogers - day smoke a cigarette in front of a ribbon microphone . the smoke curl into the air . his commentary be intimate and folksy . will rogers ( into ribbon microphone ) well , they say they be go to get Public enemy # 1 . and they have John dillinger surround ... they be all ready to shoot he as soon as he come out . but a bunch of folk come out ahead , so they shot all they instead . ( radio audience laughter ) int . dillinger's black hudson - billie + johnny - new year be eve drive carefully , south on Clark St. sidewalks be fill with reveler and crowd . will rogers ( o.s. ) they will get dillinger someday . probably when he 's with a group of innocent bystander they be shoot down , and he will get kill by accident ... ( pause ) meanwhile , President Roosevelt get Congress to pass a second crime Bill ... int . frank nitti' live room ( cicero , illinois ) -- frank nitti - evening listen to will Rogers . he 's sober . will rogers ( o.s. ) . which the example of Public enemy number one have help push through Congress . it will make all criminal enterprise across state line a federal crime ... nitti 's hand pick up a telephone and dial . he put the earpiece next to he ear . and he blow up . ( continued ) 95 continued : nitti ( to d'andrea ) okie inbred sonsabitch ... backwood cocksucker . they do this . d'andrea do what ? nitti karpis . that syphilitic idiot babyface Nelson . dillinger . all of they . another interstate crime bill ?! d'andrea what do we care ? we do not rob bank . nitti everything be interstate . wake up . that 's the point of be nationwide . fix it . int . FBI - hoover's office -- hoover -- night listen . will rogers ( o.s. ) -.-v - so after they miss all the Public enemy at Little bohemia , the Bureau =axrrest they girlfriend . the FBI may " bat get they man , but they always get he woman . ( radio audience laugh ) J. Edgar Hoover do not . int . black hudson - billie + johnny - new year be eve head south out of downtown on Michigan Blvd . a blast of horn declare the death of 1933 and the birth of 1934 . int . telephone company exchange - purvis - new year be eve - enter . they have get 15 recorder , now . it 's a rat 's nest of cloth - insulate wiring . most of the listen station be abandon . purvis sees : agent madala with headphone note a conversation on a steno pad . two stenographer be still around . each machine be label . madala listen to " probasco . " next to he be " austin state tavern . " move in . well see that again ... ( continued ) 96 . continued purvis agent madala ... ( can not hear ) agent madala ! madala ( headphone come off ) yessirl purvis its New Year 's Eve , Roger . go home to you family . madala thank you sir . purvis leave . int . purvis' apartment off michigan avenue - purvis - night let himself in . he 's alone . " auld lang syne " be hear in the street below . the apartment be dark . he stand for a moment , let the darkness wash over he . he allow himself one shot of bourbon . he move to the large window overlook the city . he go out onto the balcony in the cold air .- he see the sparkling light , the traffic , the couple , the -reveler , the relaxed celebration . horn blow . cheer can be hear across the city . he be alone . it be 1934 in Chicago . he downs the shot of bourbon . ext . road thru dune - dillinger + billie - night drive across the southern tip of Lake Michigan in te`indiana dune . dune be light by the silver moonlight . her head be on he shoulder . she loosely hold he arm . she drift asleep . now she wake . she realize it be New Year 's Day . dillinger happy New Year , doll . billie happy New Year , baby . he look at she . its a concerned look . she read he mind . billie ( cont`d ) johnny . I would rather live on the run with you , than live any other way . that say it all . they be both quiet for a long beat . dillinger for how long ? ( continued ) 97 . continued : billie however long . dillinger next week ? next year ? Alvin say this be not gonna last . he be right . the world have turn . everything 's different . ( beat ) and there 's a sweet score . enough money to go away and stay away for a long time . ( beat ) so whattya say we light out of here ? lit out of here , altogether . billie glow to the prospect . for the first time there 's a tangible future . billie Cuba ? dillinger too close . how about we fly to Caracas and then to Rio on Pan be . then a oanliner to manila or Singapore . we be f6reign- look to they . so they will , have no idea who the hell we be . we can go out dance all night and have a lotta laugh anytime we want ... billie I think that 's a great idea ! they drive on into the pre-dawn of the year 1934 . ext . dillinger farm ( mooresville , indiana ) - somehow JOHN dillinger - day sit in plain view on a chair . his Thompson rest against the wall . his sister , audrey , be give he a haircut . his father , John Wilson dillinger , drink coffee next to he . the January sunlight be so direct , it 's like spring . dillinger not too short on the side . billie come out the door . dillinger 's niece come up with a kodak brownie . ( continued ) 98 . continued : niece can we take a picture ? dillinger of course . ( to nephew , approach ) you get a eye on that federal boy ? nephew yes sir . they be over have breakfast at myra 's diner . they have be hang around , here , do nothing for so long , they just know this be the last place you be go to show ... closer : billie watch johnny . this be who he would be if he have not have the trouble in this life , a charismatic young man . ext . field - billie + dillinger sr . - later walk through winter wheat . billie that how he be when he be a boy ? carefree and laugh ...? JOHN sr . not right when he mother die . but after â €ž - awhile , yes . billie you love he , do not you ? she touch he arm . he look back at the house . JOHN sr . he grow up a motherless child ... after he be there he never have a woman 's comfort . so I love he but do not know how to raise he . and that 's the truth . ( pause ) when he come out of that prison , he have so many worry . restless . bitter . he have a desire to get even . a covey of quail flush out of the wheat . JOHN sr . ( cont 'd ) well , now he have get even . and he have see the country . and he have you . so , he be carefree . ( more ) ( continued ) 99 . continued : JOHN sr . ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) but what be next for you and johnnie ? billie to try to live somewhere else . JOHN sr. ( know more ) well , if it go okay , good . whatever happen , he have be my boy . and I have love he in my heart , always . right or wrong , no matter what . he be as straight and truthful as the land be flat . she take he hand and they walk through the field . ext . chicago' crowded downtown street - dillinger + billie -- day in the black Hudson . we have enter mid-scene . dillinger : eartender 's name be Larry streng . billie `-- W be ' 's the apartment ? dillinger Oakley and potomac . he will give you the key . they drive north over the Clark Street Bridge . dillinger give she a envelope . dillinger ( cont 'd ) 5,000 dollar . it busy we a month , but we be not stay that long . ext . austin state tavern - 416 NORTH state STREET - DI . llinger be car - day pull to the curb on the east side of the street . billie get out , walk through the crowd , down the sidewalk and cross the street to the bar . move in on the sign . this be the location we see be tapped at the telephone Exchange . over dillinger's shoulder watch the distant front of the tavern into which billie disappear . then ... four bureau agent , reinecke + madala ( continued ) 100 . continued : run right past dillinger 's Hudson . they join 12 more agent flooding into the Austin State tavern from the other side . int . car - dillinger be shocked . frozen. Inside ... int . austin state tavern - reinecke roughly handcuffs billie . reinecke ( shout ) who bring you ? how would you get here ? billie . I take a taxi . ext . tavern - reinecke + madala leading out billie there 's 20 of they , now . she 's totally surround . int . hudson - dillinger race around the block . come up on the same side of the street as the tavern behind the Federal car . the thompson in he lap . he check he 45 . he sees .. . her there she be . where 's a open ? his eye dart . more chicago police arrive . it 's now a sea of blue . closer : dillinger 20 - 30 man surround she . billie .hauled towards a Bureau car by reinecke . he tip she off balance . he bounce she off the door pillar on purpose . dillinger see all this . dillinger can do nothing . tear of frustrated rage stream down he face . later , he would say he " cry like a baby . " 101 . ext . state STREET -- dillinger + the hudson be wave away , irritatedly , by uniform Chicago police try to clear traffic . dillinger 's Hudson drive off into the distance . int . banker' build - billie - night under a bare lightbulb . reinecke if you tell we all about he , maybe you will get a break . maybe you end up do a couple of month on a work farm . , like a girl ' home or something . another agent where be he ? where be you meeting ? where be you hide out ? reinecke ... or we drop you in a black hole . and you et to shit and piss on the floor and then lie in it all night in the dark with the bug and the rat . billie 's eve'lid fall . she drift off . reinecke kick she awake . reinecke ( cont 'd ) ( shout ) where be he ?! billie startles ! closer on she chair . billie I have to ... he kick the chair again . she 's be deny a toilet . the humiliation be part of the pressure . billie 's embarrassed . billie urinate on the chair now and the floor . another agent make a face ... other agent what be that movie , " squaw girl " ...? reinecke have go out to get water for himself . int . outer office - reinecke drink from a water cooler . in the background be a dozen agent with Tommy gun in every corner as if Public enemy number 1 will assault at any moment . 102 . int . interrogation room - reinecke re-enter . reinecke Lady , you be stinking up my office . where be you suppose to meet he ! he slap she . billie 's shoulder collapse . reinecke ( cont 'd ) I can not hear you . billie ( nod , very low ... ) we be suppose to meet ... at we apartment ... reinecke where ? billie on addison . 1148 ... reinecke when ? billie now . int . 1148 W. addision , apartment - wide on door - dawn its shot off its hinge . a half - dozen agent invac e .' one gun go off . everybody be about to open up until they realize its one of theirs . reverse : the apartment interior it be dead empty . reinecke look at the dust on the floor . no one 's be here for a month . CUT to : int . cook county jail .- purvis walk past hold cell with assort informant , hooker , family member . as he pass one we hold on ... int . cell - probasco in a metal chair , hand at he side handcuff to the floor . he shout . a large man slam he across the abdomen with a lead-filled sap . another agent wait indifferently . 103 . int . women' section - drunk tank - purvis enter and cross through ... he can not help but see . purvis Pov : liane hamilton Hamilton 's sister , 17 , stare vacantly from the corner . bruise , filthy , dress rip , she 's among a sordid group of 30 older woman : tough hooker , drunk , a couple of tough dyke in men' lace - up boot . liane catch purvis ' eye . he walk on ... int . B of I office , interrogation room - reinecke be furious . he walk up to billie , handcuff , and slap she across the face , two , three time . hard . her ear , she nose bleed . he almost knock she out . reinecke where be he ! billie ( low voice ) well ... ( rise strength ) he 's way the hell away from here by , tow , be not he ? she look up at he . and she drop the little girl act . she send they on a wild goose chase to give she man time to get away . billie ( cont 'd ) ( calm ) you want to know where he be , you dumb flatfoot ? you be too scared to look around . you walk right past he on State Street . he be at the curb in that black Hudson . ( beat ) you ask I " how I get there ? " I tell you I take a taxi . and you believe I ? ( laugh ) he drop I off and be wait for I . and you walk right past he . he 's furious . her Native american beauty do not soften reinecke . he visualize smash the bone in she face with he fist . 104 . ext . outer office - purvis + winstead arrive . dolore rush up . dolore Mr. purvis , you have to stop this . that man cannot abuse a woman in that way . purvis , with winstead follow , move to the interrogation room . int . interrogation room - billie billie ( to reinecke ) . and when my johnny find out how you slap around he girl ? you know what will happen to you , fatboy ? she look reinecke square in the eye . reinecke swing ... winstead grab he wrist , turn he , reinecke resist , winstead nearly break he wrist . winstead bad idea . purvis uncuff she . reinecke try to pull away . he can not . the smaller man be build of steel cable . rorer uncuff billie . purvis ( cont 'd ) restroom 's down the hall . billie try to rise . stumble . billie I can not stand utp . purvis do not hesitate . he pick she up in he arm and carry she through the office to the restroom in the corridor . she put she hand over she eye in embarrassment . purvis miss Rogers ... doris Rogers follow they . 105 . int . jame probasco's house ( 2509 NORTH crawford ) - piquett - day in the kitchen , wait . he 's agitate . so be probasco . rear door open . probasco jump . in come dillinger ... dillinger throw he a envelope . dillinger $ 5,000 . you run she down . ( beat ) Lake County jail or cook County ? I want layout , blueprint . you visit she . tell she I be come for she . I will get she out . probasco you need a car ? a place to stay ? wanna stay here ? be probasco be try to lure dillinger here ? dillinger I be fine . I get a place . int . barrel of fun nightclub - marty zarkovich - night walk in . anna sage in a woman 's business suit , hat and sunglass in the dark bar , react . Zarkovich sit next to she . anna sage Immigration say they send I back to Romania . Zarkovich , the crooked cop , take Anna 's hand . the 40 year old madam be the true love of he life . zarkovich you know what to do . he turn she chin so that she eye look right into he . zarkovich ( cont 'd ) plus there 's a $ 25,000 reward . anna . sage we split . ( continued ) 106 . continued : zarkovich o'neill 's get to be cut in , too . so it split three way . anna sage can they fix the deportation ? zarkovich this guy can fix anything . CUT to : ext . 707 west fullerton STREET - night in car # 1 be marty Zarkovich and melvin purvis . in car # 2 be cowley and o'neill . they wait . low thick branch cast a deep pool of dark shadow conceal Anna Sage . anna sage hesitates . then she approach and enter purvis ' car . it pull out . ext . lakefront - purvis ' car - night be park by " the rock " where the lakeshore 's be , infill . its totally desert . anna sage I want guarantee . purvis if you aid we apprehend John dillinger , I will do everything I can to influence Bureau of Immigration to let you stay in America . anna sage no good . purvis that 's all there be . anna sage ( suspect ) I think you do this . I think you tell Immigration . to pick I up and to send I back to Romania . ( continued ) 107 continued purvis how do you socialize with he ? anna sage we go out . maybe tomorrow night . maybe not . maybe in a week . a month . maybe never . purvis I will not guarantee what Immigration will do . what I can guarantee be what I will do . if you do not cooperate , you will be on a boat out of this country in 48 hour . do not play game with I . Anna hesitates , cave in to purvis . anna sage every Sunday night , we go out . purvis who 's " we " ? anna sage e. him . one of my girl , polly Hamilton . purvis how will we know ? anna sage I call you Sunday when I know . int . poolhall payphone - marty zarkovich - night enter . see he car at the curb with Anna , solemn in the passenger seat . he drop a nickel and dial . listen . then . zarkovich she 's piayin` ball . nitti be there . make sure . ! not . nitti`s office - frank nitti be the co-author of this betrayal . for a moment nitti look regretful . zarkovich they be plenty serious all on they own . ( continued ) 108 . continued : nitti they be serious when they make speech . then they screw it up . you make sure . zarkovich yes sir . ext . bluff overlooking train station ( steven point , wisconsin ) - U.S. mail car - day be attach three car back from the locomotive . pullback : dillinger and karpis watch it . dillinger 's appearance be different . he 's grow a moustache . karpis the mail will carry the full whack this Tuesday . dillinger why Tuesday ? karpis that 's the day they ship two week of payroll for seven large factory around . rockford . ( point to road ) Route 14 and Route 11 . two way in ; two way out . Harry handle the door and the ..:: , safe ... widen to include : harry campbell - ruddy face , large body . also here be freddie and dock barker and Jimmy prohsco . karpis ( cont 'd ) dock cut the telephone line five minute before we go . you and Harry and I go in strong . dock come down the pole and become the lookout . jimmie and freddie drive . dillinger ( study layout ) what do you figure ? karpis $ 1.5 to $ 1.7 million . about $ 300000 each . ( that 's $ 4.5 million each adjust for inflation ) karpis be quiet . they be both feel the ghost of they friend ... ( continued ) 109 . continued : karpis ( cont 'd ) sorry about Red . dillinger thanks . karpis Nelson be a hot-head . I like he for some reason . dillinger you be in a minority . karpis have a talk with he once , at czernaky 's ... dillinger yeah ? Louis piquett arrive and dillinger interrupt .. dillinger ( cont 'd ) you see she ? she okay ? piquett yes . he hand diilinger a letter . dillinger open it . billie ( v.0 . ) do not try and break I out . I be too well guard . Milan prison be too tough . two year be not a long time , anyway . go away someplace where you be safe like Mexico and wait for I . we will be together again . you true love in life , billie . and the air go out of he . piquett she tell I what be in it . dillinger 's distract ... karpis continue . karpis I remind he ... dillinger remind who ? ( continued ) 110 . continued : ( 2 ) karpis Nelson . . that he tell I if he ever get $ 20,000 together , he would up and quit forever ... ( beat ) after he hit the janesville bank I say , " yeah , so ...? " ( beat ) he say , " after I start , I could not stop . " dillinger well , I can . we do this Tuesday , I be go on Wednesday . karpis I think about head to varadero Beach in Cuba , outside Havana . you be there ? dillinger for I , it 's maybe Mexico . and that 's the answer . dillinger plan to score the train . go to Mexico . wait for billie . int . anna sage apartment - anna sage - sunday she be nervous . she hear a key in the lock . spins. , door open . John dillinger walk in ... anna sage Jimmy , you be back ... we understand that dillinger 's be harbore here all along . and he go under the name Jimmy Alexander . dillinger look through the apartment like he always do . he go to the sink and start run cold . water on he wrist to cool down . dillinger tell you what , doll . you and polly and I , we will go out to a movie tonight and get in the refrigeration . polly hamilton enter from a bedroom down the hall , dress to go out . ( continued ) continued : anna sage where you want to go ? ( to polly ) Jimmy take we to the picture show . dillinger ( to Anna ) marbro or the biograph ... ( to polly ) where you goin ' ? polly take the street car downtown to get my waitress license . dillinger I will take you . its too hot in here . anna sage I get we some butter and make fry chicken for dinner . we slide onto dillinger with he wrist under the water . he turn off the tap and start out ... int . purvis , ' office - clock : 3 pm phone ring . , purvis snatch it up . anna sage ( o.s. ) we go tonight . I do not know if to marbro or to biograph . ( hang up ) purvis miss Sage ... she hang up . purvis ( cont 'd ) it be tonight , marbro . or the biograph ... agent madala biograph 's on lincoln north of fullerton ... they be split ... int . auburn - dillinger . + polly - day pull to the curb and stop . surprise , dillinger look out the window with a ironic expression ... ( continued ) 112 . continued : polly be right back ... reveal he be park right in front of the Chicago Police station on 11th and State . sunlight cut through the gap between downtown 's skyscraper and illuminate dillinger . he smile ... dillinger I will go in with you . int . 11 th and state STREET station , lobby - dillinger stroll into the police station like he own the place . polly chatter away . he do not hear she , we see what johnny see ... dillinger Pov : registry " license examination " be on the 8th floor. " detective Bureau " be on the 6th . cu : dillinger here , in the belly of the beast . the lopsided grin behind the dark glass over the moustache ... dillinger how long will you be ? polly it might take ten minute . dillinger I will meet you back here ... he wait as she board a elevator . as she door close , dillinger follow a group of police , bail bondsman , and civilian worker into a second elevator . int . sixth floor , lobby - on dillinger enter the " detective Bureau " and we move with he past desk and detective in the open plan office . he walk with cocky assurance . now he turn down a aisle between desk because he 's spot on one of the glass divider a sign that exert a magnetic pull on he . it designate the elite ... " dillinger squad " JOHN dillinger ( continued ) 113 continued : head right for it . ecu dillinger's hand brushes under he jacket he .45 , check .. wide - johnny enter this section of desk . shaft of light illuminate papers . a detective we may have see at midway Airport right past he ... Wall chart , crime photo from Crown Point , the american Bank , other bank , billie , mug shot of all he crew , be post on wall . photo of dillinger be on desk . it 's as if it be a shrine to he . in a corner six or seven detective listen to the ninth inning of a White Sox game . Three other work through report in shirt sleeve . one glance he way . johnny nod . detective nod back . johnny cross thr4gh it all , stroll in the lion 's de , walk in the belly ; ofthe beast - among the hunter . his audacity elevate h- , it be triumph . with all they resource , modern technology " . `and organization , they cannot lay a glove on he . he be better than they be . his gratification be internal . he leave behind , as he exit , a wake of absurdity . he pass through and they do not even know . History be make . like a ghost , have go . ext . chicago police station - auburn - polly - day enter from the station and jump in . as dellinger drive off . dillinger you pass ? polly I have to go back . they need a blood test . int . purvis office - wide : briefing - sunday late afternoon we see the East Chicago cop and the ex - Texas ranger winstead , Campbell and hurt . twenty other agent be in the small office . 110 degree outside . ( continued ) 114 . continued : purvis be it the marbro or the biograph ? we will be deploy at both . whichever one he show at , I will be outside that theater when dillinger exit . I will give the signal to move in by lighting a cigar . zarkovich Anna Sage will wear a white blouse over a orange skirt . that 's how we be gonna know it 's he . winstead what 's playin' ? purvis Excuse I ? winstead what 's playin ' at the marbro ? what 's playin ' at the biograph ? it have not occur to anybody to find that out . mandala ( from newspaper ) marbro ... a shirley Temple movie call " moptop . " biograph be play a gangster - , picture star Clark gable . " Manhattan : : : melodrama . " winstead John dillinger be not go to a shirley Temple movie . purvis sergeant Zarkovich and special agent winstead will be at the biograph . as will I and special agent madala . ( beat ) Virgil Peterson , coordinate the marbro . the rest of you will wait here until it 's determine which theater . look between Zarkovich and capt . o'neill . they have to insure dillinger be kill , not capture . CUT to : 115 . int . anna sage apartment , bathroom - dillinger - evening shave . his watch be open in front of he . in the inside of the case be a picture of billie . he wash the soap from he face . he look at she ... int . bedroom - a locked case open . from it dillinger pocket a colt 380 automatic and load $ 3,000 into a moneybelt from rubber - band bundle and put it around he waist . CUT to : ext . marbro theater - sopsic - night on a pay phone . patron buy ticket . he listen ... sopsic not yet . ext . biograph - agent brown put down the pay phone . mouth " not yet " to .. int . car : VIS down the street in a park car . in the driver 's seat be reinecke . he 's tense , try to stay calm . on he upper lip sweat bead . do he remember the word of billie about what dillinger would do to he ? cu : purvis watch the crowd thin as showtime near . he get out of the car . be dillinger a no-show ? another failure ? another eviscerate memo from Hoover ? three figure brush past he . a woman 's orange skirt . its Anna Sage , polly Hamilton , and John dillinger . they sweep to the ticket booth , pay , and join latecomer rush inside so that they do not miss the start of the movie . purvis be stunne . dillinger pass three foot from he . int . theater it 's pack . Anna Sage have to sit separately on the aisle some row back . ( continued ) 116 continued : johnny and polly sit three row from the screen . " Manhattan melodrama , " star Clark gable , William Powell , and myrna loy begin . ext . biograph - ticketseller be quizzed by purvis . ticketseller lady the movie run a hour and 34 minute and it start about 3 minute ago so that mean it will all be over in a hour , 30 ... purvis turn away . agent Brown whisper in he ear ... agent brown they're on they way over here from the marbro . int . theater -- dillinger + polly absorb in the movie . on screen : District Attorney ( William Powell ) listen to he secretary . she be against she boss invite gangster blackie gallagher ( Clark gable ) , he childhood friend , to he wedding ... secretary remember what happen to that District Attorney in the Midwest . just for have he picture take with some gangster ...? , the movie be refer to John di.llinger 's Crown Point photo session with he arm around prosecutor Robert estill . dillinger laugh out loud . the irony be that the gangster who inspire this Hollywood moment be sit right here watch this movie . ext . biograph - 19 bureau agent + 5 east chicago cop arrive and purvis deploy they out . except after Little bohemia , he do not tell winstead what to do ... winstead ( low ) clarence and I be go to be in that doorway . ( more ) ( continued ) 117 . continued : winstead ( cont 'd ) 30 foot south of the theater entrance . Gerry , you get in that car at the curb about 75 foot north ... purvis in case he walk north ? winstead he be not gonna head north . he 's gonna walk south and cut through that alley back to she place . Gerry , when you spot he through you rearview - you come up on he from behind . the " cowboy " be the only man not deploy by purvis . they call they own shot . ext . rear alley - three bureau agent take up position near a rear exit . another two go further down . closer : a rear door from the basfement open . a trash can be put out by a janitor . he see the=two group of man in the alley and quickly close the door . int . manag k's office - janitor enter . janitor they be comin ' to stick we up again . he 's talk to charlie shapiro , the essaness theater manager . charlie where ? janitor in the alley ... ext . biograph - charlie shapiro approach the ticket seller . charlie ( low ) irene . anything strange ? ( continued ) 118 . continued : irene ( whisper ) there 's a sweaty little man that keep ask when the movie 's gonna end ... across the street , there 's three , four man and there 's two more around the corner - why be they wear suitcoat on such a hot night ? charlie pretend like nothing 's go on ... he leave the booth , take the cash receipt . int . manager' office - charlie shapiro on the phone . desk sergeant's voice ( o.s. ) District 37 , Sheffield Avenue ... charlie get some detective over here , this be Charlie Shapiro at the biograph . they be gonna stick we up again ... desk sergeant's voice ( o.s. ) how do you know , Charlie ? charlie I see they get in position , like they be wait ' till the movie 's over ... ext . biograph alley - agent suran the alley suddenly be illuminate by headlight from two direction . a rear door open and before the car stop , a chicago p.d. detective have step off the run board with he saw - off shotgun in agent suran 's face . suran wait , wait ...! hold it ! Federal agent ! chicago p.d. driver / sgt . before you shoot he , get he i.d. chicago p.d. detective who the hell be you ? sub N Department of justice . Bureau of investigation ! ( continued ) 119 . continued : chicago p.d. detective what do you think you be do here ? suran be on a federal stakeout ! put that gun down and back that car out of the alley . but stay close because we may need you . chicago p.d. detective you may need we ? " fuck you , college boy . let 's see you goddamn badge ! suran 's look down both barrel . int . biograph - screen : myrna loy myrna loy I love you more than anything , blackie , you know ...? she stop . dillinger be mesmerize ' she eye and soft skin . we see in he hyper reality thee satin tone on the screen . myrna loy 's insouciance , ; like billy , speak to he . meanwhile ... ext . lincoln boulevard - agent mccarthy + east chicago cop sopsic + stretch empty they pocket , try to identify themselves to two huge chicago p.d. detective who have draw down on they . Zarkovich start argue , not believe this be happen . more Chicago PD arrive . meanwhile ... int . car - purvis start across the street to straighten out the Chicago p.d. sergeant . while ... CUT to : int . biograph - screen : blackie gallagher ( clark gable ) walk the long walk through the cell block ... JOHN dillinger the actual Public enemy # 1 watch the celluloid gangster walk to the electric chair ... ( continued ) 120 . continued : prisoner see ya , blackie . clark gable stop at the cell . clark gable die the way you live . all of a sudden . ecu : dillinger's eye startle , be this a message ? clark gable clark gable ( cont 'd ) do not drag it out . grain structure of the face of gable speak this important word ... clark gable ( cont 'd ) . that do not count for anything . there 's no more point to it . cu : dillinger he see inwards . and he know it will not happen . them=e no Mexico with billie . there 's no freighter to manila . - he will die . this day , this month , next month . he know that in this instant . JOHN dillinger . looking up at the screen . in this Hollywood version of life , the power of cause and effect operate on the end , as inescapably as gravity . it 's a core truth . this be the only end for blackie gallagher . and its as true for john dillinger in he life as it be for gallagher . action and historical force have make he time be up . dillinger slow the flicker image . his concentration slice time into component part . gable exchange last good - by . he warn he d.a. friend , Ronald coleman , not to commute he sentence . the image play on dillinger 's face . they take he over - alone in the pack theater while 25 Federal Agents and five East Chicago cop wait outside . blackie gallagher ( continued ) 121 . continued : ( 2 ) enter the execution chamber . CUT to : ext . biograph - purvis glance at he watch . he rip a match from the matchbook , ready to light the cigar . the lobby be empty . the dim music of the finale leak out . ext . doorway - winstead + clarence hurt wait . winstead coolly watch purvis . int . car - reinecke be right hand shake . he can not control it . he grip the steering wheel to make it stop . ext . bakery step - zarkovich ignore the Chicago detective . CUT to : int . biogrzph - anna sage look at the back of head in the row in front of she . she do not want to miss dillinger if he leave . a celiblock . the cellblock light dim , a convict say ... convict ( o.s. ) there he go . they be give it to he now . cu : JOHN dillinger the grin . end title music . people stir . the house light come up . johnny do not move . he seem liberated . released somehow . people in front and behind he start to exit . he sit there , hold onto he thought for a moment . CUT to : ext . biograph - purvis anxiously scan face emerge from the theater . ext . alley behind biograph - special agent be alert in case dillinger exit a rear door . 122 . ext . biograph lobby - polly , then dillinger + anna file out . polly take he arm . Anna be behind he and off to the side . they be in a loose knot of people . purvis see he . he light he cigar . it 's the signal to move in . across the STREET : richmond + zarkoetich do not see the signal because the Chicago p.d. detective be now shouting at Zarkovich . purvis light a second match . and as he light he cigar , he look up to see ... JOHN dillinger look right at he . but dillinger do not recognize purvis . int . car - reinecke see the signal . he 's out of he car . dillinger , polly + anna turn leave at the sidewalk head south , like winst " ad say . they pass doorway . reinecke approach from 20 foot behind . across the STREET : zarkovich look up ... see dillinger walk away . if dillinger 's take alive , he 's dead . the Chicago cop put a hand on Zarkovich`s chest ... rear shot : polly , dillinger + anna sage down the sidewalk past shadow doorway . winstead + hurt winstead ( cool ) that 's dillinger . straw hat . glass . hurt cross the sidewalk in front of dillinger and walk north . he will turn and position himself behind dillinger on the right . this guy be pro . 123 . e.x.t. bakery step - zarkovich shove the Chicago sergeant out of he way and race across the street ... ext . sidewalk - reinecke approach dillinger from the rear . he 's 15 step behind he . purvis be ten step behind dillinger , on the leave close to the wall . now purvis reach for he gun . ecu : reinecke draw he weapon . he stare at the back of dillinger 's head . have get closer . sweat run into reinecke 's eye . this be not the fire range with a paper target . this be not theory . this be the beast . the beast be a gunfighter . the beast be better than you . you beat - up he girl . you shot will miss ... dillinger in large profile now passerwinstead in the doorway . purvis be raise he 9 mm brown . reinecke stall . he do not want to be first . winstead step out for , the doorway , now , and fall in up the center of the sidewalk . reinecke 's eye be rivete on dillinger ... and JOHN dillinger sense something . rear shot : dillinger be neck + head in slo - motion subconsciously he brain process what he peripheral vision take in that he intuitive defense do not like about this landscape . he turn ... dillinger sees reinecke reinecke 's hand hold the gun be freeze in the air . he 's paralyze . he lack the power to pull the trigger . dillinger's eye there 's the man who slam billie into that car . dillinger 's lethal intent focus on this one target . in millisecond ... dillinger draw ( continued ) 124 . continued : turn towards reinecke . reinecke have hijacked he attention . dillinger have not pick up the other . purvis pull the trigger . nothing . he leave the safety on . he fumble with it . purvis h--halt ! dillinger see all of they right now . he push the .380 in slowed time towards purvis .. . and bump into a pedestrian name ella natasky . ella natasky start to fall . dillinger turn he attention to she for a millisecond . he 's a gentleman . his impulse be to reach for she to steady she ... charle winstead shove aside the paralyze reinecke , push past purvis , lean forward and shoot John dillinger in the back of the head . the heavy 45 round punch through dillinger 's , brain stem and exit underneath he right eye . John dillinger stumble into the alley open and start to fall . a second shot from winstead and two more from clarence hurt hit he now . they do not matter . JOHN dillinger fall through the air . extremely close across the cobblestone : JOHN dillinger be face crash into the frame . one lens of he eyeglass break . the brim of he straw hat snap . the hat fall away . he struggle , but can not move . he breathes . he try to speak .. winstead stand over he . purvis snatch the .380 automatic out of dillinger 's hand . . winstead see dillinger 's try to say something . ( continued ) 125 . continued :( 2 ) johnny' lip try to form speech and winstead 's ear be next to he mouth . we and winstead hear ... dillinger .tell billie ... only Charles winstead hear the rest . purvis unload dillinger 's gun . his gun -handling of dillinger 's gun be a lot better than he gun-handle of he own under stress . purvis what do he say ? winstead I could not hear he . purvis you look after this . I need to call Washington . Zarkovich`houlders through the gather crowd of pedestrian s=and newsmen , see the head wound , the glaze over of diflinger 's eye . he know he 's safe . JOHN dillinger's eye get dreamy , then they seem to focus far away . then they seem to focus not at all . purvis ( cont 'd ) cover he face and keep the damn photographer away . aerial : lincoln avenue purvis start away and we see the biograph marquee , the trolley track in the cobblestone street , the alley , and the hundred of people move towards the locus of the dead John dillinger . CUT to : 126 . int . canal STREET dry cleaners ( new orlean ) - hoover - another day watch tolson who be at the window . tolson get a sign . Hoover straighten he collar . he brushes lint off he pants leg . tolson wait . Hoover wait . ext . canal STREET HOTEL - door open . Alvin karpis come out . in the hot , humid New Orleans air , he suit coat be off ... he carry it under he arm . he cross the street towards he lincoln coupe . his eye land on a man on a bench across the street look at he over a newspaper . and while crossing the street , Alvin slow down . the man be charle winstead the newspaper hide a sawn -off , 10 gauge Winchester lever action shotgun . alvin look to he left : clarence hurt lean on a lamp post . his body hide a 351 Winchester rifle . now alvin karpis freeze . he do not hesitate . he open he hand to demonstrate he be hold nothing and let he jacket ; fall to the ground . he know instantly who they be and that . , , they intend to kill he . karpis ' eye dart to the roofto be xx. sniper on both . in this instant , karpis know he be do . one objective race into he mind : stay alive . karpis ' stretch out he arm , wide . winstead have drop the newspaper . the saw - off 10 gauge be aim squarely at Alvin 's chest . karpis be display he be unarm . winstead approach warily step -by-step . his weapon would cut Alvin in half . clarence , the rifle at he shoulder , inch forward . the ex - Texas Ranger gunfighter with real trigger - time have take Alvin karpis . alvin karpis I be unarm . winstead do not even breathe sudden . winstead Â± campbell + hurt be 10 foot from he . clarence pat he down . karpis be clean . ( continued ) 127 . continued : the texans cover Alvin and move he to the sidewalk near he car . hurt put you hand on the roof of that lincoln . ( he do ) other agent come run in . someone 's yell : we get he ! we get he . bring he in . " while they wait ... winstead where you from ? alvin karpis Canada , but mostly Chicago . ( to both ) you ? winstead Fort Worth , thereabout . clarence be from Tyler . ( pause ) well , Alvin . you be a sly old dog . if , you would a even have that jacket on ... a ring ofc tints with they revolver out , now converge around karpis . hurt ( to agent ) any handcuffs around here ? they do not have any . they have not plan on need they . one agent be excited . his gun point at karpis shake . al V I N karp I S mind ask that man to ... hurt ( to agent ) put that down . the agent drop he gun . ext . STREET - hoover in he white suit and tolson rush in from the dry cleaner where they be stashed . the agent part . they suddenly stand in front of Alvin karpis . Hoover 's 38 Chief special be at he side . ( continued ) 128 continued : tolson ( prompting ) " you be under ... hoover you be under arrest for the ... wahpeton , South dakota bank robbery . tolson wave to a agent across the street . wide on the corner : reporter + photographer be now release and rush towards we . hoover regains he composure . hoover ( cont 'd ) I hear of you fishing prowess . i myself , always want , to catch a marlin ... alvin karpis you be think of my partner , Harry Campbell . hoover be you relieved its over ? I be sure you be . ( pause ) you know you will feel much better once you get everything off you chest . ( pause ) why do not you tell I where Harry Campbell be ? after a moment .. alvin karpis who do you think you be talk to ? Hoover be silent . special agent ( to winstead ) there 's no handcuffs . winstead give I you tie . reporter + photographer ( continued ) 129 . continued : ( 2 ) Hoover separate from karpis . newsmen Mr. Hoover ! director ! hoover karpis say he would never be take alive , but I take he without fire a shot . ( beat ) that mark he as a yellow rat . he be scared to death when I arrest he . ( beat ) that 's all I get to say . suydam and the special publicist , courtney cooper address the reporter . suydam I will answer any question . reporter # 1 Mr. Hoover capture karpis ? suydam Mr. Hoover personally place Alvin karpis = eier arrest today . karpis reach for a rzf le , but the director be too fast . CUT to : int . clyde tolson' outer office - melvin purvis - day wait . it look like he 's be wait for awhile . people who pass act as if he be invisible . they look right through he . tolson the director will see you now . int . hoover's office - hoover - day purvis stand in front of the desk . on the right of the desk be a plaster death mask of John dillinger . hoover ( without look up ) agent purvis . purvis yes sir . hoover ( see purvis stare at death mask ) ( more ) ( continued ) 130 . continued : hoover ( cont 'd ) a medical student in the morgue make that cast of dillinger 's face . it 's a reminder of the war we continue to wage against the punk and hoodlum ... purvis look at Hoover . this be the golden boy who Hoover come to despise . purvis one thing I learn be that John dillinger be a outlaw and my adversary . but he be no punk . and he be no hoodlum . ( beat ) another be that I have no future in you Bureau . and I do not desire one . I quit . purvis toss he badge on Hoover 's desk and walk out . Hoover could not care less . int . milan women' prison - granite wall - day pan left and fall extremely closely onto the face of Charles winstead . he wait . wider - winstea . D be in a interview cell . int . cell block - tracking a woman' feet in prison issue shoe down the cellblock corridor . arm up . it be billie frechette . she walk with two guard behind she . int . interview cell - door open billie enter . she 's surprised to see winstead . winstead how be you do , billie ? billie ( sit ) if you come here to ask I more damned question . " where 's this one or that one ? do I know vern Miller ? who do what ...? " winstead shake he head no . ( continued ) 131 . continued : winstead I do not come here for you to tell I something . I come here to tell you something . closer : billie she see in winstead 's face , the look of people she grow up with . billie sense none of the cun of the lawyer / special agent she 's be deal with . she lean forward , indicate a cigarette out of winstead 's pocket . he hand she one and light it . billie okay , Mr. winstead . what do you get to tell I ? winstead lean forward . billie ( cont 'd ) ( continuous ) they say you be the man who shot he ? winstead ' m'at 's right . one of they . billie 6 why be you come here to see I ? to see the damage you do ? winstead because he ask I to . this get billie 's attention and she look more closely at winstead . winstead ( cont 'd ) when he go down , he say something . and I put my ear next to he mouth and what I think he say be this . he say ... ( beat ) " .tell billie for I ... bye bye blackbird ... " billie have to rise and turn away from winstead so that he do not see she overcome with emotion . winstead know this . it be the measure of this man that he respected the privacy of John dillinger 's message and only tell she . the end