" pulp fiction " by quentin tarantino &amp ; Roger avary pulp [ pulp ] no 1 . a soft , moist , shapeless mass or matter . 2 . a magazine or book contain lurid subject matter and be characteristically print on rough , unfinish paper . american Heritage dictionary : New College edition int . coffee shop '' morning a normal denny' , spire - like coffee shop in Los Angeles . it 's about 9:00 in the morning . while the place be not jamme , there 's a healthy number of people drink coffee , munch on bacon and eat egg . two of this people be a young man and a young woman . the Young man have a slight work - class English accent and , like he fellow countryman , smoke cigarettes like they be go out of style . it be impossible to tell where the Young woman be from or how old she be ; everything she do contradict something she do . the boy and girl sit in a booth . they dialogue be to be say in a rapid pace " he girl friday " fashion . young man no , forget it , it 's too risky . I be through doin ' that shit . young woman you always say that , the same thing every time : never again , I be through , too dangerous . young man I know that 's what I always say . I be always right too , but '' young woman '' but you forget about it in a day or two - young man '' yeah , well , the day of I forgittin ' be over , and the day of I rememberin ' have just begin . young woman when you go on like this , you know what you sound like ? young man I sound like a sensible fuck man , be what I sound like . young woman you sound like a duck . ( imitate a duck ) quack , quack , quack , quack , quack , quack , quack ... young man well take heart , ' cause you be never gonna hafta hear it again . because since I be never gonna do it again , you be never gonna hafta hear I quack about how I be never gonna do it again . young woman after tonight . the boy and girl laugh , they laughter put a pause in there , back and forth . young man ( with a smile ) correct . I get all tonight to quack . a waitress come by with a pot of coffee . waitress can I get anybody anymore coffee ? young woman oh yes , thank you . the waitress pour the Young woman 's coffee . the Young man light up another cigarette . young man I be doin ' fine . the waitress leave . the Young man take a drag off of he smoke . the Young woman pour a ton of cream and sugar into she coffee . the Young man go right back into it . young man I mean the way it be now , you be takin ' the same fuckin ' risk as when you rob a bank . you take more of a risk . bank be easier ! Federal bank be not suppose to stop you anyway , during a robbery . they be insure , why should they care ? you do not even need a gun in a federal bank . I hear about this guy , walk into a federal bank with a portable phone , hand the phone to the teller , the guy on the other end of the phone say : " we get this guy 's little girl , and if you do not give he all you money , we be gonna kill 'er . " young woman do it work ? young man fuckin ' a it work , that 's what I be talkin ' about ! knucklehead walk in a bank with a telephone , not a pistol , not a shotgun , but a fuckin ' phone , clean the place out , and they do not lift a fuckin ' finger . young woman do they hurt the little girl ? young man I do not know . there probably never be a little girl '' the point of the story be not the little girl . the point of the story be they rob the bank with a telephone . young woman you wanna rob bank ? young man I be not sayin ' I wanna rob bank , I be just illustrate that if we do , it would be easier than what we be doin ' . young woman so you do not want to be a bank robber ? young man naw , all that guy be goin ' down the same road , either dead or servin ' twenty . young woman and no more liquor store ? young man what have we be talk about ? yeah , no more-liquor-store . besides , it be not the giggle it usta be . too many foreigner own liquor store . vietnamese , korean , they can not fuckin ' speak English . you tell them : " empty out the register , " and they do not know what it fuckin ' mean . they make it too personal . we keep on , one of that gook motherfucker ' gonna make we kill them . young woman I be not gonna kill anybody . young man I do not wanna kill anybody either . but they will probably put we in a situation where it 's we of they . and if it 's not the gook , it this old Jews who have own the store for fifteen fuckin ' generation . ya get grandpa Irving sittin ' behind the counter with a fuckin' Magnum . try walkin ' into one of that store with nothin ' but a telephone , see how far it get you . fuck it , forget it , we be out of it . young woman well , what else be there , day job ? young man ( laugh ) not this life . young woman well what then ? he call to the waitress . young man garcon ! coffee ! then look to he girl . young man this place . the waitress come by , pour he some more . waitress ( snotty ) " garcon " mean boy . she split . young woman here ? it 's a coffee shop . young man what 's wrong with that ? people never rob restaurant , why not ? bar , liquor store , gas station , you get you head blow off stickin ' up one of they . restaurant , on the other hand , you catch with they pants down . they be not expect to get rob , or not as expect . young woman ( take to idea ) I bet in place like this you could cut down on the hero factor . young man correct . just like bank , this place be insure . the manager do not give a fuck , they be just tryin ' to get ya out the door before you start pluggin ' diner . Waitress , forget it , they be not takin ' a bullet for the register . busboy , some wetback gettin ' pay a dollar fifty a hour gonna really give a fuck you be stealin ' from the owner . customer be sittin ' there with food in they mouth , they do not know what 's goin ' on . one minute they be havin ' a Denver omelet , next minute somebody 's stickin ' a gun in they face . the Young woman visibly take in the idea . the Young man continue in a low voice . young man see , I get the idea last liquor store we stick up . ' member all that customer keep comin ' in ? young woman yeah . young man then you get the idea to take everybody 's wallet . young woman uh-huh . young man that be a good idea . young woman thanks . young man we make more from the wallet then we do the register . young woman yes we do . young man a lot of people go to restaurant . young woman a lot of wallet . young man pretty smart , huh ? the Young woman scan the restaurant with this new information . she see all the patron eat , lose in conversation . the tired waitress , take order . the busboys go through the motion , collect dish . the manager complain to the cook about something . a smile break out on the Young woman 's face . young woman pretty smart . ( into it ) I be ready , let 's go , right here , right now . young man remember , same as before , you be crowd control , I handle the employee . young woman get it . they both take out they .32 - caliber pistol and lay they on the table . he look at she and she back at he . young woman I love you , pumpkin . young man I love you , honey Bunny . and with that , pumpkin and honey Bunny grab they weapon , stand up and rob the restaurant . pumpkin 's robbery persona be that of the in - control professional . honey Bunny 's be that of the psychopathic , hair-triggered , loose cannon . pumpkin ( yell to all ) everybody be cool this be a robbery ! honey bunny any of you fuckin ' prick move and I will execute every one of you motherfucker ! get that ? CUT to : credit sequence : " pulp fiction " int . ' 74 chevy ( moving ) '' morning a old gas guzzle , dirty , white 1974 chevy nova barrel down a homeless - ride street in Hollywood . in the front seat be two young fella '' one white , one black '' both wear cheap black suit with thin black tie under long green duster . they name be vincent vega ( white ) and jule winnfield ( black ) . Jules be behind the wheel . jule '' okay now , tell I about the hash bar ? vincent what so you want to know ? jule well , hash be legal there , right ? vincent yeah , it 's legal , but be be not a hundred percent legal . I mean you can not walk into a restaurant , roll a joint , and start puffin ' away . you be only suppose to smoke in you home or certain designate place . jule that be hash bar ? vincent yeah , it break down like this : it 's legal to buy it , it 's legal to own it and , if you be the proprietor of a hash bar , it 's legal to sell it . it 's legal to carry it , which do not really matter ' cause '' get a load of this '' if the cop stop you , it 's illegal for this to search you . search you be a right that the cop in Amsterdam do not have . jule that do it , man '' I be fuckin ' goin ' , that 's all there be to it . vincent you will dig it the most . but you know what the funniest thing about Europe be ? jule what ? vincent it 's the little difference . a lotta the same shit we get here , they get there , but there they be a little different . jule example ? vincent well , in Amsterdam , you can buy beer in a movie theatre . and I do not mean in a paper cup either . they give you a glass of beer , like in a bar . in Paris , you can buy beer at macdonald 's . also , you know what they call a Quarter pounder with cheese in Paris ? jule they do not call it a Quarter pounder with cheese ? vincent no , they get the metric system there , they would not know what the fuck a Quarter pounder be . jule what would they call it ? vincent Royale with cheese . jule ( repeat ) Royale with cheese . what would they call a Big Mac ? vincent Big Mac 's a Big Mac , but they call it Le Big Mac . jule Le Big Mac . what do they call a whopper ? vincent I dunno , I do not go into a Burger King . but you know what they put on french fries in Holland instead of ketchup ? jule what ? vincent mayonnaise . jule goddamn ! vincent I see them do it . and I do not mean a little bit on the side of the plate , they fuckin ' drow them in it . jule uuccch ! CUT to : int . chevy ( trunk ) '' morning the trunk of the chevy open up , Jules and Vincent reach inside , take out two .45 automatics , load and cock they . jule we should have shotgun for this kind of deal . vincent how many up there ? jule Three or four . vincent count we guy ? jule I be not sure . vincent so there could be five guy up there ? jule it 's possible . vincent we should have fuckin ' shotgun . they close the trunk . CUT to : ext . apartment build courtyard '' morning Vincent and Jules , they long match overcoat practically drag on the ground , walk through the courtyard of what look like a hacienda-style Hollywood apartment building . we track alongside . vincent what 's she name ? jule Mia . vincent how do marsellus and she meet ? jule I dunno , however people meet people . she usta be a actress . vincent she ever do anything I woulda see ? jule I think she biggest deal be she star in a pilot . vincent what 's a pilot ? jule well , you know the show on tv ? vincent I do not watch tv . jule yes , but you be aware that there 's a invention call television , and on that invention they show show ? vincent yeah . jule well , the way they pick the show on tv be they make one show , and that show 's call a pilot . and they show that one show to the people who pick the show , and on the strength of that one show , they decide if they want to make more show . some get accept and become tv program , and some do not , and become nothing . she star in one of the one that become nothing . they enter the apartment building . int . reception area ( apartment build ) '' morning Vincent and Jules walk through the reception area and wait for the elevator . jule you remember antwan rockamora ? half - black , half - samoan , usta call he tony Rocky horror . vincent yeah maybe , fat right ? jule I would not go so far as to call the brother fat . he 's get a weight problem . what 's the nigger gonna do , he 's samoan . vincent I think I know who you mean , what about he ? jule well , marsellus fuck he ass up good . and word around the campfire , it be on account of marsellus wallace 's wife . the elevator arrive , the man step inside . int . elevator '' morning vincent what would he do , fuck she ? jule no no no no no no no , nothin ' that bad . vincent well what then ? jule he give she a foot massage . vincent a foot massage ? Jules nod he head : " yes . " vincent that 's all ? Jules nod he head : " yes . " vincent what do marsellus do ? jule send a couple of guy over to he place . they take he out on the patio of he apartment , throw he ass over the balcony . nigger fall four storey . they have this garden at the bottom , enclose in glass , like one of they greenhouse '' nigger fall through that . since then , he 's kinda develop a speech impediment . the elevator door open , Jules and Vincent exit . vincent that 's a damn shame . int . apartment build hallway '' morning steadicam in front of Jules and Vincent as they make a beeline down the hall . vincent still I hafta say , play with match , ya get burn . jule whaddya mean ? vincent you do not be givin ' marsellus wallace 's new bride a foot massage . jule you do not think he overreact ? vincent antwan probably do not expect marsellus to react like he do , but he have to expect a reaction . jule it be a foot massage , a foot massage be nothing , I give my mother a foot massage . vincent it 's lay hand on marsellus wallace 's new wife in a familiar way . be it as bad as eatin ' she out '' no , but you be in the same fuckin ' ballpark . Jules stop Vincent . jule whoa ... whoa ... whoa ... stop right there . eatin ' a bitch out , and givin ' a bitch a foot massage be not even the same fuckin ' thing . vincent not the same thing , the same ballpark . jule it be not no ballpark either . look maybe you method of massage differ from mine , but touchin ' he lady 's foot , and stickin ' you tongue in she holyiest of holyy , be not the same ballpark , be not the same league , be not even the same fuckin ' sport . Foot massage do not mean shit . vincent have you ever give a foot massage ? jule do not be tellin ' I about foot massage '' I be the foot fuckin ' master . vincent give a lot of them ? jule shit yeah . I get my technique down man , I do not tickle or nothin' . vincent have you ever give a guy a foot massage ? Jules look at he a long moment '' he 's be set up . jule fuck you . he start walk down the hall . Vincent , smile , walk a little bit behind . vincent how many ? jule fuck you . vincent would you give I a foot massage '' I be kinda tired . jule man , you best back off , I be gittin ' piss '' this be the door . the two man stand in front of the door numbered " 49 . " they whisper . jule what time be it ? vincent ( check he watch ) seven-twenty - two in the morning . jule it be not quite time , let 's hang back . they move a little away from the door , face each other , still whisper . jule look , just because I would not give no man a foot massage , do not make it right for marsellus to throw antwan off a building into a glass - motherfuckin-house , fuckin ' up the way the nigger talk . that be not right , man . motherfucker do that to I , he better paralyze my ass , ' cause I would kill 'a motherfucker . vincent I be not sayin ' he be right , but you be sayin ' a foot massage do not mean nothing , and I be sayin ' it do . I have give a million lady a million foot massage and they all mean somethin' . we act like they do not , but they do . that 's what 's so fuckin ' cool about them . this sensual thing 's goin ' on that nobody 's talkin about , but you know it and she know it , fuckin ' marsellus know it , and antwan shoulda know fuckin ' better . that 's he fuckin ' wife , man . he be not gonna have a sense of humor about that shit . jule that 's a interesting point , but let 's get into character . vincent what 's she name again ? jule Mia . why you so interested in big man 's wife ? vincent well , marsellus be leavin ' for Florida and when he 's go , he want I to take care of Mia . jule take care of she ? make a gun out of he finger and place it to he head . vincent not that ! take she out . show she a good time . do not let she get lonely . jule you be gonna be takin ' Mia wallace out on a date ? vincent it be not a date . it 's like when you and you buddy 's wife go to a movie or somethin' . it 's just ... you know ... good company . Jules just look at he . vincent it 's not a date . Jules just look at he . int . apartment ( room 49 ) '' morning three young guy , obviously in over they head , sit at a table with hamburger , french fries and soda pop laid out . one of they flip the loud bolt on the door , open it to reveal Jules and Vincent in the hallway . jule hey kid . the two man stroll inside . the three young catch -off - guard guy be : marvin , the black young man , who open the door , will , as the scene progress , back into the corner . roger , a young blond - haire surfer kid with a " flock of seagull " haircut , who have yet to say a word , sit at the table with a big sloppy hamburger in he hand . BRETT , a white , preppy -look sort with a blow - dry haircut . Vincent and Jules take in the place , with they hand in they pocket . Jules be the one who do the talk . jule how you boy doin ' ? no answer . jule ( to brett ) be I trippin ' , or do I just ask you a question . BRETT we be doin ' okay . as Jules and brett talk , Vincent move behind the young guy . jule do you know who we be ? brett shake he head : " no . " jule we be associate of you business partner marsellus wallace , you remember you business partner dont 'ya ? no answer . jule ( to brett ) now I be gonna take a wild guess here : you be brett , right ? BRETT I be brett . jule I think so . well , you remember you business partner marsellus wallace , dont 'ya brett ? BRETT I remember he . jule good for you . look like I and Vincent catch you at breakfast , sorry ' bout that . what ' cha eatin ' ? BRETT hamburger . jule hamburger . the cornerstone of any nutritious breakfast . what kinda hamburger ? BRETT cheeseburger . jule no , I mean where do you get them ? macdonald 's , Wendy 's , Jack -in- the - box , where ? BRETT Big kahuna Burger . jule Big kahuna Burger . that 's that Hawaiian burger joint . I hear they get some tasty burger . I be not never have one myself , how be they ? BRETT they be good . jule mind if I try one of yours ? BRETT no . jule your be this one , right ? BRETT yeah . Jules grab the burger and take a bite of it . jule uuummmm , that 's a tasty burger . ( to Vincent ) Vince , you ever try a Big kahuna Burger ? vincent no . Jules hold out the Big kahuna . jule you wanna bite , they be real good . vincent I be not hungry . jule well , if you like hamburger give them a try sometime . I , I can not usually eat them ' cause my girlfriend 's a vegetarian . which more or less make I a vegetarian , but I sure love the taste of a good burger . ( to brett ) you know what they call a Quarter pounder with cheese in France ? BRETT no . jule tell them , Vincent . vincent Royale with cheese . jule Royale with cheese , you know why they call it that ? BRETT because of the metric system ? jule check out the big brain on brett . you 'a smart motherfucker , that 's right . the metric system . ( he point to a fast food drink cup ) what 's in this ? BRETT sprite . jule sprite , good , mind if I have some of you tasty beverage to wash this down with ? BRETT sure . Jules grab the cup and take a sip . jule uuuuummmm , hit 's the spot ! ( to Roger ) you , flock of seagull , you know what we be here for ? Roger nod he head : " yes . " jule then why do not you tell my boy here Vince , where you get the shit hide . marvin it 's under the be '' jule '' I do not remember askin ' you a goddamn thing . ( to Roger ) you be sayin ' ? roger it 's under the bed . Vincent move to the bed , reach underneath it , pull out a black snap briefcase . vincent get it . Vincent flip the two lock , open the case . we can not see what 's inside , but a small glow emit from the case . Vincent just stare at it , transfix . jule we happy ? no answer from the transfix Vincent . jule Vincent ! Vincent look up at Jules . jule we happy ? close the case . vincent we be happy . BRETT ( to Jules ) look , what 's you name ? I get he name 's Vincent , but what 's yours ? jule my name 's Pitt , and you be not talkin ' you ass outta this shit . BRETT I just want you to know how sorry we be about how fuck up thing get between we and Mr. wallace . when we enter into this thing , we only have the best intention '' as brett talk , Jules take out he gun and shoot Roger three time in the chest , blowing he out of he chair . Vince smile to himself . Jules have get style . brett have just shit he pants . he 's not cry or whimper , but he 's so full of fear , it 's as if he body be implode . jule ( to brett ) oh , I be sorry . do that break you concentration ? I do not mean to do that . please , continue . I believe you be say something about " best intention . " brett can not say a word . jule whatsamatter ? oh , you be through anyway . well , let I retort . would you describe for I what marsellus wallace look like ? brett still can not speak . Jules snap , savagely tipping the card table over , remove the only barrier between himself and brett . brett now sit in a lone chair before Jules like a political prisoner in front of a interrogator . jule what country you from ! BRETT ( petrify ) what ? jule " what " be not no country I know ! do they speak English in " what ? " BRETT ( near heart attack ) what ? jule english-motherfucker-can-you-speak - it ? BRETT yes . jule then you understand what I be sayin ' ? BRETT yes . jule now describe what marsellus wallace look like ! BRETT ( out of fear ) what ? Jules take he .45 and presses the barrel hard in brett 's cheek . jule say " what " again ! c'mon , say " what " again ! I dare ya , I double dare ya motherfucker , say " what " one more goddamn time ! brett be regress on the spot . jule now describe to I what marsellus wallace look like ! brett do he best . BRETT well he 's ... he 's ... black '' jule '' go on ! BRETT ... and he 's ... he 's ... bald '' jule '' do he look like a bitch ?! BRETT ( without think ) what ? Jules ' eye go to Vincent , Vincent smirk , Jules roll he eye and shoot brett in the shoulder . brett scream , break into a shaking / trembling spasm in the chair . jule does-he-look-like-a-bitch ?! BRETT ( in agony ) no . jule then why do you try to fuck ' im like a bitch ?! BRETT ( in spasm ) I do not . now in a lower voice . jule yes ya do brett . ya try to fuck ' im . you ever read the Bible , brett ? BRETT ( in spasm ) yes . jule there 's a passage I get memorize , seem appropriate for this situation : ezekiel 25:17 . " the path of the righteous man be beset on all side by the inequity of the selfish and the tyranny of evil man . bless be he who , in the name of charity and good will , shepherd the weak through the valley of darkness , for he be truly he brother 's keeper and the finder of lose child . and I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger that who attempt to poison and destroy my brother . and you will know my name be the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon you . " the two man empty they gun at the same time on the sit brett . against black , title card : " vincent vega and marsellus wallace's wife " fade in : medium shot '' butch coolidge we fade up on butch coolidge , a white , 26 - year - old prizefighter . butch sit at a table wear a red and blue high school athletic jacket . talk to he off screen be everybody 's boss marsellus wallace . the black man sound like a cross between a gangster and a king . marsellus ( o.s. ) I think you be gonna find '' when all this shit be over and do '' I think you be gonna find yourself one smilin ' motherfucker . thing be butch , right now you get ability . but painful as it may be , ability do not last . now that 's a hard motherfuckin ' fact of life , but it 's a fact of life you ass be gonna hafta git realistic about . this business be fill to the brim with unrealistic motherfucker who think they ass age like wine . besides , even if you go all the way , what would you be ? feather - weight champion of the world . who give a shit ? I doubt you can even get a credit card base on that . a hand lay a envelope full of money on the table in front of butch . butch pick it up . marsellus ( o.s. ) now the night of the fight , you may fall a slight sting , that 's pride fuckin ' wit ya . fuck pride ! pride only hurt , it never help . fight through that shit . ' Cause a year from now , when you be kickin ' it in the Caribbean you be gonna say , " marsellus wallace be right . " butch I get no problem with that . marsellus ( o.s. ) in the fifth , you ass go down . butch nod he head : " yes . " marsellus ( o.s. ) say it ! butch in the fifth , my ass go down . CUT to : int . car ( moving ) '' day Vincent vega look really cool behind the wheel of a 1964 cherry red chevy malibu convertible . from the car radio , rockabilly music plays . the b.g. be a colorful process shot . ext . sally leroy be '' day Sally leroy's be a large topless bar by lax that marsellus own . Vincent 's classic malibu whip into the near empty parking lot and park next to a white Honda Civic . Vince knock on the door . the front entrance be unlock , revealing the dapper Dan fellow on the inside : english dave . Dave be not really English , he 's a young black man from baldwin Park , who have run a few club for marsellus , include Sally leroy 's . english dave Vincent vega , we man in Amsterdam , git you ass on in here . Vincent , carry the black briefcase from the scene between Vincent and Jules , step inside . English Dave slam the door in we face . int . sally leroy be '' day the spacious club be empty this time of day . English Dave cross to the bar , and Vince follow . vincent where 's the big man ? english dave he 's over there , finish up some business . vincent's Pov : butch shake hand with a huge figure with he back to we . the huge figure be the infamous and as of yet still unseen marsellus . english dave ( o.s. ) hang back for a second or two , and when you see the white boy leave , go on over . in the meanwhile , can I make you a espresso ? vincent how ' bout a cup of just plain lo ' american ? english dave comin ' up . I hear you be take Mia out tomorrow ? vincent at marsellus ' request . english dave have you meet Mia ? vincent not yet . English Dave smile to himself . vincent what 's so funny ? english dave not a goddamn thing . vincent look , I be not a idiot . she 's the big man 's fuckin ' wife . I be gonna sit across a table , chew my food with my mouth close , laugh at she joke and that 's all I be gonna do . English Dave put Vince 's coffee in front of he . english dave my name 's Paul , and this be between y'all . butch belly up to the bar next to Vincent , drink he cup of " plain ol ' american . " butch ( to English Dave ) can I get a pack 'a Red apple ? english dave filter ? butch non . while butch wait for he smoke , Vincent just sip he coffee , stare at he . butch look over at he . butch lookin ' at something ' , friend ? vincent I be not you friend , palooka . butch do a slow turn toward Vincent . butch what be that ? vincent I think ya hear I just fine , punchy . butch turn he body to Vincent , when ... marsellus ( o.s. ) Vincent vega have enter the building , git you ass over here ! Vincent walk forward out of frame , never give butch another glance . we dolly into cu on butch , leave alone in the frame , look like he 's ready to go into the manners - teach business . butch be Pov : Vincent hugging and kissing the obscure figure that be marsellus . butch make the wise decision that be this asshole 's a friend of marsellus , he better let it go '' for now . english dave ( o.s. ) pack of Red apple , dollar-forty . butch be snap out of he ass-kick thought . he pay English Dave and walk out of the shot . dissolve to : int . lance's house ( kitchen ) '' night closeup '' jody a woman who appear to have a fondness for earring . both of she ear be pierce five time . she also sport ring in she lip , eyebrow and nose . jody ... I will lend it to you . it 's a great book on body pierce . jody , Vincent and a young woman name trudi sit at the kitchen table of a suburban house in echo Park . even though Vince be at the same table , he 's not include in the conversation . trudi you know how they use that gun when they pierce you ear ? they do not use that when they pierce you nipple , do they ? jody forget that gun . that gun go against the entire idea behind pierce . all of my pierce , sixteen place on my body , every one of them do with a needle . five in each ear . one through the nipple on my leave breast . one through my right nostril . one through my leave eyebrow . one through my lip . one in my clit . and I wear a stud in my tongue . Vince have be let this conversation go through one ear and out the other , until that last remark . vincent ( interrupt ) Excuse I , sorry to interrupt . I be curious , why would you get a stud in you tongue ? jody look at he and say as if it be the most obvious thing in the world . jody it 's a sex thing . it help fellatio . that think never occur to Vincent , but he can not deny it make sense . jody continue talk to trudi , leave Vincent to ponder the truth of she statement . lance ( o.s. ) Vince , you can come in now ! int . lance's bedroom '' night lance , late 20 , be a young man with a wild and woolly appearance that go hand - in-hand with he wild and woolly personality . lance have be sell drug he entire adult life . he 's never have a day job , never file a tax return and have never be arrest . he wear a red flannel shirt over a " speed racer " tee-shirt . Three bag of heroin lie on lance 's bed . lance and Vincent stand at the foot of the bed . lance now this be Panda , from Mexico . very good stuff . this be bava , different , but equally good . and this be choco from the hartz Mountains of Germany . now the first two be the same , forty - five a ounce '' that be friend price '' but this one ... ( point to the choco ) ... this one 's a little more expensive . it 's fifty - five . but when you shoot it , you will know where that extra money go . nothing wrong with the first two . it 's real , real , real , good shit . but this one 's a fuckin ' madman . vincent remember , I just get back from Amsterdam . lance be I a nigger ? be you in inglewood ? no . you be in my house . White people who know the difference between good shit and bad shit , this be the house they come to . my shit , I will take the pepsi challenge with Amsterdam shit any ol ' day of the fuckin ' week . vincent that 's a bold statement . lance this be not Amsterdam , Vince . this be a seller 's market . Coke be fuckin ' dead as disco . heroin 's comin ' back in a big fuckin ' way . it 's this whole seventies retro . Bell bottom , heroin , they be as hot as hell . Vincent take out a roll of money that would choke a horse to death . vincent give I three hundred worth of the madman . if it 's as good as you say , I will be back for a thousand . lance I just hope I still have it . whaddya think of trudi ? she be not get a boyfriend , wanna hand out a ' get high ? vincent which one 's trudi ? the one with all the shit in she face ? lance no , that 's jody . that 's my wife . Vincent and lance giggle at the " faux pas . " vincent I be on my way somewhere . I get a dinner engagement . rain check ? lance no problem ? Vincent take out he case of the work ( utensil for shoot up ) . vincent you do not mind if I shoot up here ? lance I casa , su casa . vincent mucho gracias . Vincent take he work out of he case and , as the two continue to talk , Vince shoot up . lance still get you malibu ? vincent you know what some fucker do to it the other day ? lance what ? vincent fuckin ' key it . lance oh man , that 's fuck up . vincent tell I about it . I have the goddamn thing in storage three year . it 's out five fuckin ' day '' five day , and some dickless piece of shit fuck with it . lance they should be fuckin ' kill . no trial , no jury , straight to execution . as he cook he heroin ... vincent I just wish I catch them doin ' it , ya know ? oh man , I would give anything to catch them doin ' it . it 'a be worth he doin ' it , if I coulda just catch them , you know what I mean ? lance it 's chicken shit . you do not fuck another man 's vehicle . closeup '' the needle go into Vincent 's vein . closeup '' blood spurt back into the syringe , mixing with the heroin . closeup '' vincent's thumb push down on the plunger . CUT to : ext . marsellus wallace's house '' night Vincent walk toward the house and pull a note off the door closeup '' note the note read : " hi Vincent , I be get dress . the door 's open . come inside and make yourself a drink . Mia " mia ( v.o. ) hi , Vincent . I be get dress . the door 's open . come inside and make yourself a drink . fade to white Music in . fade to : int . marcellus ' house / live room '' night Vincent enter on the background . vincent hello ? int . marcellus ' house / dressing room '' night mia , marcellus ' beautiful young wife . video screen be in the background . dusty Springfield be sing " son of a preacher man " . Mia 's mouth come toward a microphone . mia ( into microphone ) Vincent . int . marcellus ' house / live room '' night Vincent turn . mia ( over intercom ) Vincent . I be on the intercom . int . marcellus ' house / dressing room '' night mia ( into microphone ) it 's on the wall by the two African fella . int . marcellus ' house / live room '' night mia ( over intercom ) to you right . Vincent walk . mia ... warm . warmer . disco . Vincent find the intercom on the wall . vincent hello . mia ( over intercom ) push the button if you want to talk . vincent ( into intercom ) hello . int . marcellus ' house / dressing room '' night mia ( into microphone ) go make yourself a drink . , and I will be down in two shake of a lamb 's tail . int . marcellus ' house / live room '' night mia ( over intercom ) the bar 's by the fireplace . vincent ( into intercom ) okay . ( lick lip ) int . marcellus ' house / dressing room '' night a video screen with a image of Vincent , walk . the dusty Springfield song continue . Mia turn a knob which control the movement of the video camera in marcellus ' live room . int . marcellus ' house / live room '' night Vincent pick up a bottle of scotch . he sniff the bottle , and then pour it into a glass . int . marcellus ' house / dressing room '' night a razor blade cut cocaine on a mirror . int . marcellus ' house / live room '' night Vincent drink a glass of scotch . int . marcellus ' house / dressing room '' night Mia sniff the cocaine . int . marcellus ' house / live room '' night Vincent sip the drink and look at a portrait of Mia on the wall . Mia walk into the room , and take the needle off a record . the dusty Springfield song stop . mia let 's go . ext . jackrabbit slim be '' night in the past six year , 50 's diner have sprung up all over L.A. , give thai restaurant a run for they money . they be all basically the same . Decor out of a " archie " comic book , Golden oldy constantly emanate from a bubbly wurlitzer , saucy waitress in bobby sock , menus with item like the fat domino cheeseburger , or the wolfman Jack omelet , and over price that pay for all this bullshit . but then there 's jackrabbit slim be , the big mama of 50' diner . either the best or the worst , depend on you point of view . Vincent 's malibu pull up to the restaurant . a big sign with a neon figure of a cartoon surly cool cat jackrabbit in a red windbreaker tower over the establishment . underneath the cartoon be the name : jackrabbit slim be . underneath that be the slogan : " next best thing to a time machine . " vincent what the fuck be this place ? mia this be jackrabbit slim 's . a elvis man should love it . vincent come on , Mia , let 's go get a steak . mia you can get a steak here , daddy -o . do not be a ... Mia draw a square with she hand . dotte line appear on the screen , form a sqaure . the line disperse . vincent after you , kitty -cat . int . jackrabbit slim be '' night compare to the interior , the exterior be that of a quaint English pub . poster from 50 's a.i.p. movie be all over the wall ( " rock all night , " " high school confidential , " " attack of the crab monster , " and " machine gun kelly " ) . the booth that the patron sit in be make out of the cut up body of 5as car . in the middle of the restaurant in a dance floor . a big sign on the wall state , " no shoe allow . " some wannabe bebopper ( actually melrose - type ) , do the twist in they sock or barefeet . the picture window do not look out the street , but instead , B &amp ; W movie of 50' street scene play behind they . the waitress and waiter be make up as replica of 50' icon : marilyn monroe , zorro , jame dean , donna reed , martin and lewis , and the philip morris midget , wait on table wear appropriate costume . Vincent and Mia study the menu in a booth make out of a red ' 59 edsel . buddy holly ( they waiter ) , come over , sport a big button on he chest that say : " hi I be buddy , pleasing you please I . " buddy hi , I be buddy , what can I get 'cha ? vincent I will have the Douglas sirk steak . buddy how d'ya want it , burnt to a crisp , or bloody as hell ? vincent bloody as hell . and to drink , a vanilla coke . buddy how ' bout you , Peggy Sue ? mia I will have the durwood kirby burger '' bloody '' and a five- dollar shake . buddy how d'ya want that shake , Martin and Lewis , or amo and Andy ? mia Martin and Lewis . vincent do you just order a five- dollar shake ? mia sure do . vincent a shake ? milk and ice cream ? mia uh-huh . vincent it cost five dollar ? buddy yep . vincent you do not put bourbon in it or anything ? buddy nope . vincent just check . buddy exit . Vincent take a look around the place . the yuppies be dance , the diner be bite into big , juicy hamburger , and the icon be play they part . Marilyn be squealing , the midget be paging Philip Morris , donna reed be make she customer drink they milk , and Dean and Jerry be act a fool . mia whaddya think ? vincent it 's like a wax museum with a pulse rate . Vincent take out he pouch of tobacco and begin roll himself a smoke . after a second of watch he '' mia what be you do ? vincent rollin ' a smoke . mia here ? vincent it 's just tobacco . mia oh. well in that case , will you roll I one , cowboy ? as he finish lick it '' vincent you can have this one , cowgirl . he hand she the roll smoke . she take it , put it to she lip . out of nowhere appear a Zippo lighter in Vincent 's hand . he light it . mia thanks . vincent think nothing of it . he begin roll one for himself . as this time , the SOUND of a subway car fill the diner , make everything shake and rattle . Marilyn Monroe run to a square vent in the floor . a imaginary subway train blows the skirt of she white dress around she ear as she let out a squeal . the entire restaurant applaud . back to Mia and Vincent . mia marsellus say you just get back from Amsterdam . vincent sure do . I hear you do a pilot . mia that be my fifteen minute . vincent what be it ? mia it be show about a team of female secret agent call " Fox Force five . " vincent what ? mia " Fox Force five . " Fox , as in we be a bunch of foxy chick . Force , as in we be a force to be reckone with . five , as in there 's one ... two ... three ... four ... five of we . there be a blonde one , sommerset o'neal from that show " baton rouge , " she be the leader . a japanese one , a black one , a french one and a brunette one , I . we all have special skill . sommerset have a photographic memory , the japanese fox be a kung fu master , the black girl be a demolition expert , the french fox ' specialty be sex ... vincent what be you specialty ? mia knive . the character I play , raven mccoy , she background be she be raise by circus performer . so she grow up do a knife act . accord to the show , she be the deadly woman in the world with a knife . but because she grow up in a circus , she be also something of a acrobat . she could do illusion , she be a trapeze artist '' when you be keep the world safe from evil , you never know when be a trapeze artist 's gonna come in handy . and she know a zillion old joke she grandfather , a old vaudevillian , teach she . if we woulda get pick up , they woulda work in a gimmick where every episode I woulda tell and ol joke . vincent do you remember any of the joke ? mia well I only get the chance to say one , ' cause we only do one show . vincent tell I . mia no . it 's really corny . vincent c'mon , do not be that way . mia no . you will not like it and I will be embarrassed . vincent you tell it in front of fifty million people and you can not tell it to I ? I promise I will not laugh . mia ( laugh ) that 's what I be afraid of . vincent that 's not what I mean and you know it . mia you be quite the silver tongue devil , be not you ? vincent I mean I would not laugh at you . mia that 's not what you say Vince . well now I be definitely not gonna tell ya , ' cause it 's be build up too much . vincent what a gyp . buddy come back with the drink . Mia wrap she lip around the straw of she shake . mia yummy ! vincent can I have a sip of that ? I would like to know what a five - dollar shake taste like . mia be my guest . she slide the shake over to he . mia you can use my straw , I do not have kooty . Vincent smile . vincent yeah , but maybe I do . mia kooty I can handle . he take a sip . vincent goddamn ! that 's a pretty fuckin ' good milk shake . mia told ya . vincent I do not know if it 's worth five dollar , but it 's pretty fuckin ' good . he slide the shake back . then the first of a uncomfortable silence happen . mia do not you hate that ? vincent what ? mia uncomfortable silence . why do we feel it 's necessary to yak about bullshit in order to be comfortable ? vincent I do not know . mia that 's when you know you find somebody special . when you can just shit the fuck up for a minute , and comfortably share silence . vincent I do not think we be there yet . but do not feel bad , we just meet each other . mia well I will tell you what , I will go to the bathroom and powder my nose , while you sit here and think of something to say . vincent I will do that . int . jackrabbit slim be ( lady room ) '' night Mia powder she nose by do a big line of coke off the bathroom sink . her head jerk up from the rush . mia ( imitate steppenwolf ) I say goddamn ! int . jackrabbit slim be ( dine area ) '' night Vincent dig into he Douglas sirk steak . as he chew , he eye scan the hellsapopinish restaurant . Mia come back to the table . mia do not you love it when you go to the bathroom and you come back to find you food wait for you ? vincent we be lucky we get it at all . buddy Holly do not seem to be much of a waiter . we shoulda sit in Marilyn Monroe 's section . mia which one , there 's two Marilyn monroe . vincent no there 's not . point at Marilyn in the white dress serve a table . vincent that 's Marilyn Monroe ... then , point at a blonde waitress in a tight sweater and capri pants , take a order from a bunch of film geek '' vincent ... and that 's mamie Van doren . I do not see jayne mansfield , so it must be she night off . mia pretty smart . vincent I have moment . mia do ya think of something to say ? vincent actually , there 's something I have want to ask you about , but you seem like a nice person , and I do not want to offend you . mia oooohhhh , this do not sound like mindless , boring , get - to - know - you chit-chat . this sound like you actually have something to say . vincent only if you promise not to get offended . mia you can not promise something like that . I have no idea what you be gonna ask . you could ask I what you be gonna ask I , and my natural response could be to be offended . then , through no fault of my own , I woulda break my promise . vincent then let 's just forget it . mia that be a impossibility . try to forget anything as intrigue as this would be a exercise in futility . vincent be that a fact ? Mia nod she head : " yes . " mia besides , it 's more exciting when you do not have permission . vincent what do you think about what happen to antwan ? mia who 's antwan ? vincent tony Rocky horror . mia he fall out of a window . vincent that 's one way to say it . another way be , he be throw out . another be be , he be throw out by marsellus . and even another way be , he be throw out of a window by marsellus because of you . mia be that a fact ? vincent no it 's not , it 's just what I hear . mia who tell you this ? vincent they . Mia and Vincent smile . mia they talk a lot , do not they ? vincent they certainly do . mia well do not by shy Vincent , what exactly do they say ? Vincent be slow to answer . mia let I help you bashful , do it involve the F -word ? vincent no . they just say Rocky horror give you a foot massage . mia and ...? vincent no and , that 's it . mia you hear marsellus throw Rocky horror out of a four-story window because he massage my foot ? vincent yeah . mia and you believe that ? vincent at the time I be tell , it seem reasonable . mia marsellus throw tony out of a four story window for give I a foot massage seem reasonable ? vincent no , it seem excessive . but that do not mean it do not happen . I hear marsellus be very protective of you . mia a husband be protective of he wife be one thing . a husband almost kill another man for touch he wife 's foot be something else . vincent but do it happen ? mia the only thing antwan ever touch of mine be my hand , when he shook it . I meet anwan once '' at my wedding '' then never again . the truth be , nobody know why marsellus toss tony Rocky horror out of that window except marsellus and tony Rocky horror . but when you scamp get together , you be worse than a sewing circle . CUT to : ed sullivan and marilyn monroe stand on stage ed sullivan ( into microphone ) lady and gentleman , now the moment you have all be wait for , the worldfamous jackrabbit slim 's twist contest . patron cheer . Ed Sullivan be with Marilyn Monroe , who hold a trophy . ed sullivan ... one lucky couple will win this handsome trophy that Marilyn here be hold . Marilyn hold the trophy . ed sullivan ... now , who will be we first contestant ? Mia hold she hand . mia right here . Vincent react . mia I wanna dance . vincent no , no , no no , no , no , no , no . mia ( overlap ) no , no , no , no , no , no , no . I do believe marsellus , my husband , you boss , tell you to take I out and do whatever I want , now , I want to dance . I want to win . I want that trophy . vincent ( sigh ) all right . mia so , dance good . vincent all right , you ask for it . Vincent and Mia walk onto the dance floor , toward Ed Sullivan . ed sullivan ( into microphone ) let 's hear it for we first contestant . patron cheer . Vincent and Mia walk up to the microphone . ed sullivan now let 's meet we first contestant here this evening . Young lady , what be you name ? mia ( into microphone ) missus Mia wallace . ed sullivan ( into microphone ) and , uh , how ' bout you fella here ? mia ( into microphone ) Vincent vega . ed sullivan ( into microphone ) all right , let 's see what you can do . take it away ! Mia and Vincent dance to Chuck Berry 's " you never can tell " . they make hand movement as they dance . int . marsellus wallace's home '' night the front door fling open , and Mia and Vincent dance tango - style into the house , sing a cappella the song from the previous scene . they finish they little dance , laugh . then ... the two just stand face to face look at each other . vincent be than a uncomfortable silence ? mia I do not know what that be . ( pause ) Music and drink ! Mia move away to attend to both . Vincent hang up he overcoat on a big bronze coat rack in the alcove . vincent I be gonna take a piss . mia that be a little bit more information than I need to know , but go right ahead . Vincent shuffles off to the john . Mia move to she CD player , thumb through a stack of CD and select one : k.d. lang . the speaker blast out a high energy country number , which Mia play air-guitar to . she dance she way around the room and find herself by Vincent 's overcoat hang on the rack . she touch its sleeve . it feel good . her hand hoe in its pocket and pull out he tobacco pouch . like a little girl play cowboy , she spread the tobacco on some roll paper . imitating what he do earlier , lick the paper and roll it into a pretty good cigarette . maybe a little too fat , but not bad for a first try . Mia think so anyway . her hand reach back in the pocket and pull out he Zippo lighter . she slap the lighter against she leg , try to light it fancy - style like Vince do . what do you know , she do it ! Mia 's one happy clam . she triumphantly bring the fat flame up to she fat smoke , lighting it up , then loudly snap the Zippo close . the mia-made cigarette be bring up to she lip , and she take a long , cool drag . her hand slide the Zippo back in the overcoat pocket . but wait , she finger touch something else . that finger bring out a plastic bag with white powder inside , the madman that Vincent buy earlier from lance . wearing a big smile , Mia bring the bag of heroin up to she face . mia ( like you would say bingo ! ) disco ! Vince , you little cola nut , you have be hold out on I . CUT to : int . bathroom ( marsellus wallace's house ) '' night Vincent stand at the sink , wash he hand , talk to himself in the mirror . vincent one drink and leave . do not be rude , but drink you drink quickly , say goodbye , walk out the door , get in you car , and go down the road . live room Mia have the unbeknownst - to - she heroin cut up into big line on she glass top coffee table . take she trusty hundred dollar bill like a human Dust - buster , she quickly snort the fat line . closeup '' mia her head jerk back . her hand go to she nose ( which feel like it 's on fuck fire ) , something be terribly wrong . then ... the rush hit ... bathroom Vincent dry he hand on a towel while he continue he dialogue with the mirror . vincent ... it 's a moral test of yourself , whether or not you can maintain loyalty . because when people be loyal to each other , that 's very meaningful . live room Mia be on all four try to crawl to the bathroom , but it 's like she 's try to crawl with the bone remove from she knee . blood begin to drip from Mia 's nose . then she stomach get into the act and she vomit . bathroom Vince continue . vincent so you be gonna go out there , drink you drink , say " goodnight , I have have a very lovely evening , " go home , and jack off . and that 's all you be gonna do . now that he 's give himself a little pep talk , Vincent 's ready for whatever 's wait for he on the other side of that door . so he go through it . live room we follow behind Vincent as he walk from the bathroom to the live room , where he find Mia lie on the floor like a rag doll . she 's twisted on she back . blood and puke be down she front . and she face be contort . not out of the tightness of pain , but just the opposite , the muscle in she face be so relaxed , she lie still with she mouth wide open . slack -jaw . vincent Jesus Christ ! Vincent move like grease lightning to Mia 's fall body . bend down where she lay , he put he finger on she neck to check she pulse . she slightly stir . Mia be aware of Vincent over she , speak to she . vincent ( sounding weird ) Mia ! mia ! what the hell happen ? but she 's unable to communicate Mia make a few lose mumble , but they be not distinctive enough to be call word . Vincent prop she eyelid open and see the story . vincent ( to himself ) I will be a son-of - a-bitch . ( to Mia ) Mia ! mia ! what do you take ? answer I honey , what do you take ? Mia be incapable of answer . he slap she face hard . Vincent spring up and run to he overcoat , hang on the rack . he go through the pocket frantically . it 's go . Vincent make a beeline to Mia . we follow . vincent ( yell to Mia ) okay honey , we be get you on you foot . he reach she and hoist the dead weight up in he arm . vincent we be on we foot now , and now we be gonna talk out to the car . here we go , watch we walk . we follow behind as he hurriedly walk the practically - unconscious Mia through the house and out the front door . ext . vincent's hot rod ( moving ) '' night insert speedometer : red needle on a hundred . Vincent drive like a madman in a town without traffic law , speed the car into turn and up and over hill . int . vincent's hot rod ( moving ) '' night Vincent , one hand firmly on the wheel , the other shifting like robocop , both eye stare straight ahead except when he glance over at Mia . Mia , slack - jaw expression , mouth gape , posture of a bag of water . Vincent take a cellular phone out of he pocket . he punch a number . int . lance's house '' night at this late hour , lance have transformed from a bon vivant drug dealer to a bathrobe creature . he sit in a big comfy chair , ratty blue gym pants , a wear - out but comfortable tee-shirt that have , write on it , " taft , california " , and a moth-ridd terry cloth robe . in he hand be a bowl of cap and crunch with crunch berries . in front of he on the coffee table be a jug of milk , the box the cap and crunch with crunch berries come out of , and a hash pipe in a ashtray . on the big-screen tv in front of the table be the Three stooge , and they be get marry . preacher ( emil simkus ) ( on tv ) hold hand , you love bird . the phone ring . lance put down he cereal and make he way to the phone . it ring again . jody , he wife , call from the bedroom , obviously wake up . jody ( o.s. ) lance ! the phone 's ringing ! lance ( call back ) I can hear it ! jody ( o.s. ) I think you tell that fuckin ' asshole never to call this late ! lance ( by the phone ) I tell them and that 's what I be gonna tell this fuckin ' asshole right now ! ( he answer the phone ) hello , do you know how late it be ? you be not suppose to be callin ' I this fuckin ' late . back to : vincent in the malibu Vincent be still drive like a stripe-ass ape , clutching the phone to he ear . we CUT back and forth during the conversation . vincent lance , this be Vincent , I be in big fuckin ' trouble man , I be on my way to you place . lance whoa , hold you horse man , what 's the problem ? vincent you still get a adrenaline shot ? lance ( dawn on he ) maybe . vincent I need it man , I get a chick she 's fuckin' do on I . lance do not bring she here ! I be not even fuckin ' joke with you , do not you be bring some fuck up pooh - butt to my house ! vincent no choice . lance she 's odin ' ? vincent yeah . she 's dyin' . lance then bite the fuckin ' bullet , take 'er to a hospital and call a lawyer ! vincent negative . lance she be not my fuckin ' problem , you fuck she up , you deal with it '' be you talkin ' to I on a cellular phone ? vincent sorry . lance I do not know you , who be this , do not come here , I be hangin ' up . vincent too late , I be already here . at that moment inside lance 's house , we hear vincent 's malibu come up the street . lance hang up the phone , go to he curtain and yank the cord . the curtain open with a whoosh in time to see Vincent 's malibu drive up on he front lawn and crashing into he house . the window lance be look out of shatter from the impact . jody ( o.s. ) what the hell be that ? lance charge from the window , out the door to he front lawn . ext . lance's house '' night Vincent be already out of the car , work on get Mia out . lance have you lose you mind ?! you crash you car in my fuckin ' house ! you talk about drug shit on a cellular fuckin ' phone '' vincent if you be through havin ' you little hissy fit , this chick be dyin' , get you needle and git it now ! lance be you deaf ? you be not bringin ' that fuck up bitch in my house ! vincent this fuck up bitch be marsellus wallace 's wife . now if she fuckin ' croak on I , I be a grease spot . but before he turn I into a bar soap , I be gonna be force to tell ' im about how you coulda save she life , but instead you let she die on you front lawn . int . lance's house '' night we start in lance 's and jody 's bedroom . jody , in bed , throw off the cover and stand up . she 's wear a long tee-shirt with a picture of Fred flintstone on it . we follow handheld behind she as she open the door , walk through the hall into the live room . jody it 's only one - thirty in the goddamn mornin ' ! what the fuck 's goin ' on out here ? as she walk in the live room , she see Vincent and lance stand over Mia , who 's lie on the floor in the middle of the room . from here on in , everything in this scene be frantic , like a documentary in a emergency ward , with the big difference here be nobody know what the fuck they be do . jody who 's she ? lance look up at jody . lance get that black box in the bedroom I have with the adrenaline shot . jody what 's wrong with she ? vincent she 's oding on we . jody well get she the hell outta here ! lance and vincent ( in stereo ) get the fuckin ' shot ! jody do not yell and I ! she angrily turn and disappear into the bedroom look for the shot . we move into the room with the two man . vincent ( to lance ) you two be a match make in heaven . lance look , just keep talkin ' to she , okay ? while she 's gettin ' the shot , I gotta get a medical book . vincent what do you need a medical book for ? lance to tell I how to do it . I have never give a adrenaline shot before . vincent you have have that thing for six year and you never use it ? lance I never have to use it . I do not go joypoppin ' with bubble - gummer , all of my friend can handle they high ! vincent well then get it . lance I be , if you will let I . vincent I be not fuckin ' stoppin ' you . lance stop talkin ' to I , and start talkin ' to she . we follow lance as he run out of the live room into a ... int . spare room with a bunch of junk in it . he frantically start scan the junk for the book he 's look for , repeat the word , " come on , " endlessly . from off screen we hear : vincent ( o.s. ) hurry up man ! we be losin ' she ! lance ( call back ) I be look as fast as I can ! lance continue he frenzied search . we hear jody in the live room now as she talk to Vincent . jody ( o.s. ) what 's he lookin ' for ? vincent ( o.s. ) I dunno , some medical book . jody call to lance . jody ( o.s. ) what be you lookin ' for ? lance my black medical book ! as he continue search , flipping and knock over shit , jody appear in the doorway . jody whata be you look for ? lance my black fuckin ' medical book . it 's like a text book they give to nurse . jody I never see a medical book . lance trust I , I have one . jody well if it 's that important , why do not you keep it with the shot ? lance spin toward she . lance I do not know ! stop bother I ! jody while you be lookin ' for it , that girl 's gonna die on we carpet . you be never gonna find it in all this shit . for six month now , I have be tell you to clean this room '' vincent ( o.s. ) '' get you ass in here , fuck the book ! lance angrily knock over a pile of shit and leave the shot head for the live room . live room Vincent be bent over Mia , talk softly to she , when lance reenter the room . vincent quit fuckin ' around man and give she the shot ! lance bend down by the black case bring in by jody . he open it and begin prepare the needle for injection . lance while I be do this , take she shirt off and find she heart . Vince rip she blouse open . jody stumble back in the room , hang back from the action . vincent do it have to be exact ? lance yeah , it have to be exact ! I be give she a injection in the heart , so I gotta exactly hit she in the heart . vincent well , I do not know exactly where she heart be , I think it 's here . Vince point to Mia 's right breast . lance glance over and nod . lance that 's it . as lance ready the injection , Vincent look up at jody . vincent I need a big fat magic marker , get one ? jody what ? vincent I need a big fat magic marker , any feel pen'll do , but a magic marker would be great . jody hold on . jody run to the desk , open the top drawer and , in she enthusiasm , she pull the drawer out of the desk , the content of which ( bill , papers , pen ) spill to the floor . the injection be ready . lance hand Vincent the needle . lance it 's ready , I will tell you what to do . vincent you be gonna give she the shot . lance no , you be gonna give she the shot . vincent I have never do this before . lance I have never do this before either , and I be not start now . you bring 'er here , that mean you give she the shot . the day I bring a oding bitch to you place , then I gotta give she the shot . jody hurriedly join they in the huddle , a big fat red magic marker in she hand . jody get it . Vincent grab the magic marker out of jody 's hand and make a big red dot on Mia 's body where she heart be . vincent okay , what do I do ? lance well , you be give she a injection of adrenaline straight to she heart . but she 's get a breast plate in front of she heart , so you gotta pierce through that . so what you gotta do be bring the needle down in a stabbing motion . lance demonstrate a stabbing motion , which look like " the shape " kill its victim in " halloween " . vincent I gotta stab she ? lance if you want the needle to pierce through to she heart , you gotta stab she hard . then once you do , push down on the plunger . vincent what happen after that ? lance I be curious about that myself . vincent this be not a fuckin ' joke man ! lance she 's suppose to come out of it like '' ( snap he finger ) '' that . Vincent lift the needle up above he head in a stabbing motion . he look down on Mia . Mia be fade fast . soon nothing will help she . Vincent 's eye narrow , ready to do this . vincent Count to three . lance , on this knee right beside Vincent , do not know what to expect . lance one ... red dot on Mia 's body . needle raise ready to strike . lance ( o.s. ) ...two ... jody 's face be alive with anticipation . needle in that air , poise like a rattler ready to strike . lance ( o.s. ) ... three ! the needle leave frame , thrusting down hard . Vincent bring the needle down hard , stabbing Mia in the chest . Mia 's head be jolted from the impact . the syringe plunger be push down , pumping the adrenaline out through the needle . Mia 's eye pop wide OPEN and she let out a hellish cry of the banshee . she bolt up in a sit position , needle stick in she chest '' scream . Vincent , lance and jody , who be in sit position in front of Mia , jump back , scared to death . Mia 's scream run out . she slowly start take breath of air . the other three , now scoot halfway across the room , shake to they bone , look to see if she 's alright . lance if you be okay , say something . Mia , still breathe , not look up at they , say in a relatively normal voice . mia something . Vincent and lance collapse on they back , exhaust and shaking from how close to death Mia come . jody anybody want a beer ? CUT to : int . vincent's malibu ( moving ) '' night Vincent be behind the wheel drive Mia home . no one say anything , both be still too shake . ext . front of marsellus wallace's house '' night the malibu pull up to the front . Mia get out without say a word ( still in a daze ) and begin walk down the walkway toward she front door . vincent ( o.s. ) Mia ! she turn around . Vincent 's out of the car , stand on the walkway , a big distance between the two . vincent what be you thought on how to handle this ? mia what 's yours ? vincent well I be of the opinion that marsellus can live he whole live and never ever hear of this incident . Mia smile . mia do not worry about it . if marsellus ever hear of this , I would be in as much trouble as you . vincent I seriously doubt that . mia if you can keep a secret , so can I . vincent let 's shake on it . the two walk toward each other , hold out they hand to shake and shake they do . vincent mum 's the word . Mia let go of Vincent 's hand and silently make the see - no - evil , hear - no -evil , and speak - no - evil sign with she hand . Vincent smile . vincent if you will excuse I , I gotta go home and have a heart attack . Mia giggle . Vincent turn to leave . mia you still wanna hear my " fox force five " joke ? Vincent turn around . vincent sure , but I think I be still a little too petrify to laugh . mia uh-huh . you will not laugh because it 's not funny . but if you still wanna hear it , I will tell it . vincent I can not wait . mia Three tomato be walk down the street , a poppa tomato , a momma tomato , and a little baby tomato . the baby tomato be lag behind the poppa and momma tomato . the poppa tomato get mad , go over to the momma tomato and stamp on he '' ( stamp on the ground ) '' and say : catch up . they both smile , but neither laugh . mia see ya 'round , Vince . Mia turn and walk inside she house . closeup '' vincent after Mia walk inside . Vincent continue to look at where she be . he bring he hand to he lip and blow she a kiss . then exit frame leave it empty . we hear he malibu start up and drive away . fade to black fade up on the cartoon " speed racer . " speed be give a detailed description of all the feature on he race car " the mac-5 , " which he do at the beginning of every episode . off screen we hear a woman' voice ... . woman' voice ( o.s. ) butch . dissolve to : butch Pov we be in the live room of a modest two bedroom house in alhambra , California , in the year 1972 . butch mother , 35ish , stand in the doorway lead into the live room . next to she be a man dress in the uniform of a american Air Force officer . the camera be the perspective of a five - year old boy . mother butch , stop watch tv a second . we get a special visitor . now do you remember when I tell you you daddy die in a p.o.w. camp ? butch ( o.s. ) uh-huh . mother well this here be capt . koons . he be in the p.o.w. camp with daddy . capt . koons step inside the room toward the little boy and bend down on one knee to bring he even with the boy 's eyeline . when koons speak , he speak with a slight Texas accent . capt . koons hello , little man . Boy I sure hear a bunch about you . see , I be a good friend of you daddy 's . we be in that hanoi pit of hell over five year together . hopefully , you will never have to experience this yourself , but when two man be in a situation like I and you daddy be , for as long as we be , you take on certain responsibility of the other . if it have be I who have not make it , Major coolidge would be talkin ' right now to my son Jim . but the way it work out be I be talkin ' to you , butch . I get something ' for ya . the Captain pull a gold wrist watch out of he pocket . capt . koons this watch I get here be first purchase by you great- granddaddy . it be buy during the first World War in a little general store in knoxville , Tennessee . it be buy by private doughboy Ernie coolidge the day he set sail for Paris . it be you great - granddaddy 's war watch , make by the first company to ever make wrist watch . you see , up until then , people just carry pocket watch . you great - granddaddy wear that watch every day he be in the war . then when he have do he duty , he go home to you great - grandmother , take the watch off he wrist and put it in a ol ' coffee can . and in that can it stay ' till you grandfather dane coolidge be call upon by he country to go overseas and fight the Germans once again . this time they call it World War two . you great - granddaddy give it to you granddad for good luck . unfortunately , dane 's luck be not as good as he old man' . you granddad be a Marine and he be kill with all the other Marines at the battle of wake Island . you granddad be face death and he know it . none of that boy have any illusion about ever leavin ' that island alive . so three day before the japanese take the island , you 22 - year old grandfather ask a gunner on a Air Force transport name winocki , a man he have never meet before in he life , to deliver to he infant son , who he have never see in the flesh , he gold watch . Three day later , you grandfather be dead . but winocki keep he word . after the war be over , he pay a visit to you grandmother , deliver to you infant father , he dad 's gold watch . this watch . this watch be on you daddy 's wrist when he be shot down over hanoi . he be capture and put in a vietnamese prison camp . now he know if the gook ever see the watch it would be confiscate . the way you daddy look at it , that watch be you birthright . and he would be damned if and slopehead be gonna put they greasy yella hand on he boy 's birthright . so he hide it in the one place he know he could hide somethin' . his ass . five long year , he wear this watch up he ass . then when he die of dysentery , he give I the watch . I hide with uncomfortable hunk of metal up my ass for two year . then , after seven year , I be send home to my family . and now , little man , I give the watch to you . capt . koons hand the watch to butch . a little hand come into frame to accept it . CUT to : int . locker room '' night the 27 - year old butch coolidge be dress in box regalia : trunk , shoe and glove . he lie on a table catch a few zzzzzz 's before he big fight . almost as soon as we CUT to he , he wake up with a start . shaken by the bizarre memory , he wipe he sweaty face with he box glove . his trainer klondike , a older fireplug , open the door a little , stick he head in the room . pandemonium seem to be break out behind klondike in the hallway . klondike it 's time , butch . butch I be ready . klondike step inside , close the door on the wild mob outside . he go to the long yellow robe hang on a hook . butch hop off the table and , without a word , klondike help he on with the robe , which say on the back : " battling butch coolidge " . the two man head for the door . klondike open the door for butch . as butch step into the hallway , the crowd go apeshit . klondike close the door behind he , leave we in the quiet , empty locker room . fade to black title card : " the gold watch " we hear over the black and white title : sportscaster # 1 ( o.s. ) '' well Dan , that have to be the bloodiest and , hand - down , the most brutal fight this city have ever see . the SOUND of chaos in the b.g. fade in : ext . alley ( raining ) '' night a taxi be park in a dark alley next to a auditorium . the sky be pissin ' down rain . we slowly dolly toward the park car . the SOUND of the car radio can be hear come from inside . sportscaster # 1 ( o.s. ) ... coolidge be out of there faster than I have ever see a victorious boxer vacate the ring . do you think he know Willis be dead ? sportscaster # 2 ( o.s. ) my guess would be yes , Richard . I could see from my position here , the frenzy in he eye give way to the realization of what he be do . I think any man would have leave the ring that fast . dissolve to : int . taxi ( parked / raining ) '' night Inside the taxi , behind the wheel , be a female cabbie name esmarelda villalobos . a young woman , with Spanish look , sit park , drink a steaming hot cup of coffee out of a white styrofoam cup . the sportscaster continue they coverage . sportscaster # 1 ( o.s. ) do you feel this ring death tragedy will have a effect on the world of box ? sportscaster # 2 ( o.s. ) oh Dan , a tragedy like this can not help but shake the world of box to its very foundation . but it 's of paramount importance that during the sad week ahead , the eye of the w.b.a. remain firmly fix on the '' click '' esmarelda shut off the radio . she take a sip of coffee , then hear a noise behind she in the alley . she stick she head out of the car door to see : ext . boxing auditorium ( raining ) '' night a window about three storey high open on the auditorium - side of the alley . a gym bag be toss out into a garbage dumpster below the window . then , butch coolidge , still dress in box trunk , shoe , glove and yellow robe , leap to the dumpster below . esmarelda's reaction take in the strangeness of this sight . gym bag in hand , butch climb out of the dumpster and run to the taxi . before he climb in , he take off he robe and throw it to the ground . int . taxi ( parked / raining ) '' night butch , soaking wet , naked except for trunk , shoe and glove , hop in the backseat , slamming the door . esmarelda , stare straight ahead , talk to butch through the rearview mirror : esmarelda ( Spanish accent ) be you the man I be suppose to pick up ? butch if you be the cab I call , I be the guy you be suppose to pick up . esmarelda where to ? butch outta here . the ignition key be twisted . the engine roar to life . the meter be flipped on . esmarelda 's bare foot stomp on the gas pedal . ext . boxing auditorium ( raining ) '' night the cab whip out of the alley , fish - tailing on the wet pavement in front of the auditorium at a rapid pace . int . willis locker room ( auditorium ) '' night locker room door open , English Dave fight he way through the pandemonium which be go on outside in the hall , shutting the door on the madness . once inside , English Dave take time to adjust he suit and tie . Mia be stand by the door . she see Vincent with English Dave . vincent Mia . how you doin ' ? mia great . I never thank you for the dinner . in the room , black boxer floyd ray willis lie on a table '' dead . his face look like he go dunking for bee . his trainer be on he knee , head on floyd 's chest , cry over the body . the huge figure that be marsellus wallace stand at the table , hand on the trainer 's shoulder , lend emotional support . we still do not see marsellus clearly , only that he be big . Mia sit in a chair at the far end of the room . marsellus look up , see English Dave and walk over to he . marsellus ( o.s. ) what ' cha get ? english dave he book . marsellus ( o.s. ) I be prepare to scour the earth for this motherfucker . if butch go to indo China , I want a nigger hidin ' in a bowl of rice , ready to pop a cap in he ass . english dave I will take care of it . int . cab ( moving / raining ) '' night butch get one of he box glove off . esmeralda watch in the rearview mirror . he try to roll down one of the backseat window , but can not find the roll bar . butch hey , how do I open the window back here ? esmarelda I have to do it . she press a button and the back window move down . butch toss he box glove out the window , then start untying the other one . esmeralda can not keep quiet anymore . esmarelda hey , mister ? butch ( still work on the glove ) what ? esmarelda you be in that fight ? the fight on the radio '' you be the fighter ? as he toss he other glove out the window . butch whatever give you that idea ? esmarelda no c'mon , you be he , I know you be he , tell I you be he . butch ( drying himself with a gym towel ) I be he . esmarelda you kill the other box man . butch he 's dead ? esmarelda the radio say he be dead . he finish wiping himself down . butch ( to himself ) sorry ' bout that , floyd . he toss the towel out the window . silence , as butch dig in he bag for a t-shirt . esmarelda what do it feel like ? butch ( find he shirt ) what do what feel like ? esmarelda killing a man . beating another man to death with you bare hand . butch pull on he tee-shirt . butch be you some kinda weirdo ? esmarelda no , it 's a subject I have much interest in . you be the first person I ever meet who have kill somebody . so , what be it like to kill a man ? butch tell ya what , you give I one of they cigarettes , I will give you a answer . esmarelda bounce in she seat with excitement . esmarelda deal ! butch lean forward . esmarelda , keep she eye on the road , pass a cigarette back to he . he take it . then , still not look behind she , she bring up she hand , a light match in it . butch light he smoke , then blow out the match . he take a long drag . butch so ... he look at she license . butch ... esmarelda villalobos '' be that mexican ? esmarelda the name be Spanish , but I be columbian . butch it 's a very pretty name . esmarelda it mean " esmarelda of the wolf . " butch that 's one hell of a name you get there , sister . esmarelda thank you . and what be you name ? butch butch . esmarelda butch . what do it mean ? butch I be a american , we name do not mean shit . anyway , move right along , what be it you wanna know , esmarelda ? esmarelda I want to know what it feel like to kill a man '' butch '' I could not tell ya . I do not know he be dead ' till you tell I he be dead . now I know he 's dead , do you wanna know how I feel about it ? esmarelda nod she head : " yes . " butch I do not feel the least little bit bad . ext . phone booth ( raining ) '' night we dolly around a phone booth as butch talk inside . butch ( into phone ) what would I tell ya , soon as the word get out a fix be in , the odd would be outta control . hey , if he be a better fighter he 's be alive . if he never lace up he glove in the first place , which he never shoulda do , he would be alive . enough about the poor unfortunate Mr. floyd , let 's talk about the rich and prosperous Mr. butch . how many booky you spread it around with ? ( pause ) eight ? how long to collect ? ( pause ) so by tomorrow evening , you will have it all ? ( pause ) good news scotty , real good news '' I understand a few straggler aside . I an' fabienne be gonna leave in the morning . it should take we a couple day to get into knoxville . next time we see each other , it will be on Tennessee time . butch hang up the phone . he look at the cab wait to take he wherever he want to go . butch ( to himself in french with English subtitles ) fabienne my love , we adventure begin . CUT to : ext . motel ( stop / raining ) '' night esmeralda 's taxi pull into the motel parking lot . the rain have stop , but the night be still soak . butch get out , now fully dress in tee-shirt , jeans and high school athletic jacket . he lean in the driver 's side window . esmarelda forty -five sixty . handing she the money . butch merci beaucoup . and here 's a little something for the effort . butch hold up a hundred dollar bill . esmarelda 's eye light up . she go to take it . butch hold it out of reach . butch now if anybody should ask you about who you fare be tonight , what be you gonna tell them ? esmarelda the truth . Three well - dress , slightly toast , mexican . he give she the bill . butch bon soir , esmarelda . esmarelda ( in Spanish ) sleep well , butch . he tweak she nose , she smile , and he turn and walk away . she drive off . int . motel ( room six ) '' night butch enter and turn on the light . lying curl up on the bed , fully dress , with she back to we be butch 's french girlfriend , fabienne . fabienne keep the light off . butch flick the switch back , make the room dark again . butch be that better , sugar pop ? fabienne oui . hard day at the office ? butch pretty hard . I get into a fight . fabienne poor baby . can we make spoon ? butch climb into bed , spoon fabienne from behind . when butch and fabienne speak to each other , they speak in babytalk . fabienne I be look at myself in the mirror . butch uh-huh ? fabienne I wish I have a pot . butch you be lookin ' in the mirror and you wish you have some pot ? fabienne a pot . a pot belly . pot belly be sexy . butch well you should be happy , ' cause you do . fabienne shut up , fatso ! I do not have a pot ! I have a bit of a tummy , like madonna when she do " lucky Star , " it 's not the same thing . butch I do not realize there be a difference between a tummy and a pot belly . fabienne the difference be huge . butch you want I to have a pot ? fabienne no . pot belly make a man look either oafish , or like a gorilla . but on a woman , a pot belly be very sexy . the rest of you be normal . normal face , normal leg , normal hip , normal ass , but with a big , perfectly round pot belly . if I have one , I would wear a tee-shirt two size too small to accentuate it . butch you think guy would find that attractive ? fabienne I do not give a damn what man find attractive . it 's unfortunate what we find pleasing to the touch and pleasing to the eye be seldom the same . butch if you a pot belly , I would punch you in it . fabienne you would punch I in my belly ? butch right in the belly . fabienne I would smother you . I would drop it on you right on you face ' till you could not breathe . butch you would do that to I ? fabienne yes ! butch do you get everything , sugar pop ? fabienne yes , I do . butch good job . fabienne do everything go as plan ? butch you do not listen to the radio ? fabienne I never listen to you fight . be you the winner ? butch I win alright . fabienne be you still retire ? butch sure be . fabienne what about the man you fight ? butch floyd retire too . fabienne ( smile ) really ?! he will not be fight no more ?! butch not no more . fabienne so it all work out in the finish ? butch we be not at the finish , baby . fabienne roll over and butch get on top of she . they kiss . fabienne we be in a lot of danger , be not we ? butch nod he head : " yes . " fabienne if they find we , they will kill we , will not they ? butch nod he head : " yes . " fabienne but they will not find we , will they ? butch nod he head : " no . " fabienne do you still want I to go with you ? butch nod he head : " yes . " fabienne I do not want to be a burden or a nuisance - butch 's hand go out of frame and start massage she crotch . fabienne react . fabienne say it ! butch fabienne , I want you to be with I . fabienne forever ? butch ... and ever . fabienne lie she head back . butch continue to massage she crotch . fabienne do you love I ? butch oui. fabienne butch ? will you give I oral pleasure ? butch kiss she on the mouth . butch will you kiss it ? she nod she head : " yes . " fabienne but you first . butch 's head go down out of frame to carry out the oral pleasure . fabienne 's face be alone in the frame . fabienne ( in french , with English subtitles ) butch my love , the adventure begin . fade to black fade up : motel room same motel room , except empty . we hear the shower running in the bathroom . the camera move to the bathroom doorway . we see fabienne in a white terry cloth robe that seem to swallow she up . she 's drying she head with a towel . butch be inside the shower wash up . we see the outline of he naked body through the smoky glass of the shower door . steam fill the bathroom . butch turn the shower off and open the door , pop he head out . butch I think I crack a rib . fabienne give I oral pleasure ? butch no retard , from the fight . fabienne do not call I retard . butch ( in a mongoloid voice ) my name be fabby ! my name be fabby ! fabienne shut up fuck head ! I hate that mongoloid voice . butch okay , sorry , sorry , sorry , I take it back ! can I have a towel please , miss beautiful tulip . fabienne oh I like that , I like be call a tulip . tulip be much better than mongoloid . she finish drying she hair and wrap the towel like a turban on she head . butch I do not call you a mongoloid , I call you a retard , but I take it back . she hand he a towel . butch merci beaucoup . fabienne butch ? butch ( drying he head ) yes , lemon pie . fabienne where be we go to go ? butch I be not sure yet . wherever you want . we be gonna get a lot of money from this . but it be not gonna be so much , we can live like hog in the fat house forever . I be think we could go somewhere in the South Pacific . the kinda money we will have will carry we a long way down there . fabienne so if we want , we could live in bora bora ? butch you betcha . and if after awhile you do not dig bora bora , then we can move over to tahiti or Mexico . fabienne but I do not speak Spanish . butch you do not speak bora boran either . besides , mexican be easy : donde esta el zapataria ? fabienne what do that mean ? butch where 's the shoe store ? fabienne donde esta el zapataria ? butch excellent pronunciation . you will be my little mama ceta in no time . butch exit the bathroom . we stay on fabienne as she brushes she tooth . butch keep on from the other room . butch ( o.s. ) que hora es ? fabienne que hora es ? butch ( o.s. ) what time be it ? fabienne what time be it ? butch ( o.s. ) time for bed . sweet dream , jellybean . fabienne brushes she tooth . we watch she for a moment or two , then she remember something . fabienne butch . she walk out of the bathroom to ask butch a question , only to find he sound asleep in bed . she look at he for a moment . fabienne forget it . she exit frame , go back in the bathroom . we stay on the wide shot of the unconscious butch in bed . fade to black fade up : motel room '' morning same shot as before , the next morning . we find butch still asleep in bed . fabienne brushes she tooth half in and half out of the bathroom so she can watch tv at the same time . she still wear the terry cloth robe from the night before . on tv : william smith and a bunch of hell angel be take on the entire vietnamese army in the film " the losers " . butch wake from he sleep , as if a scary monster be chase he . his start startles fabienne . fabienne merde ! you startle I . do you have a bad dream ? butch squint down the front of the bed at she , try to focus . butch , still try to chase the cobweb away , see on tv Hell 's angel tear -assin ' through a vietnamese prison camp . butch what be you watch ? fabienne a motorcycle movie , I be not sure the name . butch be you watchin ' it ? fabienne enter the room . fabienne in a way . why ? would you like for I to switch it off ? butch would you please ? she reach over and turn off the tv . butch it 's a little too early in the morning for explosion and war . fabienne what be it about ? butch how should I know , you be the one watchin ' it . fabienne laugh . fabienne no , imbecile , what be you dream about ? butch oh , I ... do not remember . it 's really rare I remember a dream . fabienne you just wake up from it . butch fabienne , I be not lie to you , I do not remember . fabienne well , let 's look at the grumpy man in the morning . I do not say you be lie , it 's just odd you do not remember you dream . I always remember mine . do you know you talk in you sleep ? butch I do not talk in my sleep , do I talk in my sleep ? fabienne you do last night . butch what do I say ? laying on top of he . fabienne I do not know . I could not understand you . she kiss butch . fabienne why do not you get up and we will get some breakfast at that breakfast place with the pancake . butch one more kiss and I will get up . fabienne give butch a sweet long kiss . fabienne satisfied ? butch yep . fabienne then get up , lazy bone . butch climb out of bed and start pull clothes out of the suitcase that fabienne bring . butch what time be it ? fabienne almost nine in the morning . what time do we train arrive ? butch eleven . fabienne I be gonna order a big plate of blueberry pancake with maple syrup , egg over easy , and five sausage . butch ( surprised at she potential appetite ) anything to drink with that ? butch be finish dress . fabienne ( refer to he clothes ) oh yes , that look nice . to drink , a tall glass or orange juice and a black cup of coffee . after that , I be go to have a slice of pie . as he go through the suitcase . butch pie for breakfast ? fabienne any time of the day be a good time for pie . blueberry pie to go with the pancake . and on top , a thin slice of melt cheese '' butch '' where 's my watch ? fabienne it 's there . butch no , it 's not . it 's not here . fabienne have you look ? by now , butch be frantically rummage through the suitcase . butch yes I have fuckin ' look !! he 's now throw clothes . butch what the fuck do you think I be do ?! be you sure you get it ? fabienne can hardly speak , she 's never see butch this way . fabienne uhhh ... yes ... beside the table drawer '' butch '' on the little kangaroo . fabienne yes , it be on you little kangaroo . butch well it 's not here ! fabienne ( on the verge of tear ) well it should be ! butch oh it most definitely should be here , but it 's not . so where be it ? fabienne be cry and scared . butch lower he voice , which only serve to make he more menace . butch fabienne , that be my father 's fuckin ' watch . you know what my father go through to git I that watch ?... I do not wanna get into it right now ... but he go through a lot . now all this other shit , you coulda set on fire , but I specifically remind you not to forget my father 's watch . now think , do you get it ? fabienne I believe so ... butch you believe so ? you either do , or you do not , now which one be it ? fabienne then I do . butch be you sure ? fabienne ( shaking ) no . butch freak out , he punch the air . fabienne scream and back into a corner , butch pick up the motel tv and throws it against the wall . fabienne scream in horror . butch look toward she , suddenly calm . butch ( to fabienne ) no ! it 's not you fault . ( he approach she ) you leave it at the apartment . he bend down in front of the woman who have sink to the floor . he touch she hand , she flinch . butch if you do leave it at the apartment , it 's not you fault . I have you bring a bunch of stuff . I remind you about it , but I do not illustrate how personal the watch be to I . if all I give a fuck about be my watch , I should have tell you . you be not a mind reader . he kiss she hand . then rise . fabienne be still sniffle . butch go to the closet . fabienne I be sorry . butch put on he high school jacket . butch do not be . it just mean I will not be able to eat breakfast with you . fabienne why do it mean that ? butch because I be go back to my apartment to get my watch . fabienne wo not the gangster be look for you there ? butch that 's what I be gonna find out . if they be , and I do not think I can handle it , I will split . rising from the floor . fabienne I be so dreadful . I see you watch , I think I bring it . I be so sorry . butch bring she close and put he hand on she face . butch do not feel bad , sugar pop . nothing you could ever do would make I permanently angry at you . ( pause ) I love you , remember ? ( he dig some money out of he wallet ) now here 's some money , order that pancake and have a great breakfast . fabienne do not go . butch I will be back before you can say , blueberry pie . fabienne blueberry pie . butch well maybe not that fast , but fast . okay ? okay ? fabienne okay . he kiss she once more and head for the door . butch bye-bye , sugar pop . fabienne bye . butch I be gonna take you Honda . fabienne okay . and with that , he 's out the door . fabienne sit on the bed and look at the money he give she . int . honda ( moving ) '' day butch be beat the steering wheel and the dash with he fist as he drive down the street . butch of all the fuckin ' thing she coulda forget , she forget my father 's watch . I specifically remind she not to forget it . " bedside table '' on the kangaroo . " I say the word : " do not forget my father 's watch . " ext . CITY STREET '' day the little Honda race toward its destination as fast as be little engine will take it . CUT to : a parking meter red flag rise up , then out , leave the arrow point at one hour . ext . residential STREET corner '' day butch be not completely reckless . he have park he car a couple of block from he apartment to check thing out before he go boppin ' through the front door . ext . alley '' day butch walk down the alley until he get to another street , then he discreetly glance out . ext . STREET '' butch apartment '' day everything seem normal . more or less the right number of car in the street . none of the park car appear out of place . none of they have a couple of goons sit inside . basically , it look like normal morning activity in front of butch 's home . butch peer around a wall , take in the vital information . butch walk out of the alley and be ready for anything . he cross the street and enter he apartment courtyard . across the street from butch 's building , on the corner , be a combination donut shop and japanese restaurant . a big sign stick up in the air , with the name " teriyaki donut " and a graphic of a donut stick out of a bowl of rice . ext . butch apartment courtyard '' day butch be in the courtyard of he North Hollywood apartment building . once again , everything appear normal '' the laundry room , the pool , he apartment door '' nothing appear disturb . butch climb the stair lead to he apartment , number 12 . he step outside the door and listen inside . nothing . butch slowly insert the key into the door , quietly open it . int . butch apartment '' day his apartment have not be touch . he cautiously step inside , shut the door and take a quick look around . obviously , no one be there . butch walk into he modest kitchen , and open the refrigerator . he take out a carton of milk and drink from it . with carton in hard , butch survey the apartment . then he go to the bedroom . his bedroom be like the rest of the apartment '' neat , clean and anonymous . the only thing personal in he room be a few box trophy , a Olympic silver medal , a frame issue of " Ring Magazine " with butch on the cover , and a poster of Jerry quarry and one of George chuvalo . sure enough , there 's the watch just like he say it be : on the bedside table , hang on he little kangaroo statue . he walk through the apartment and back into the kitchen . he open a cupboard and take out a box of pop tart . put down the milk , he open the box , take out two pop tart and put they in the toaster . butch glance to he right , he eye fall on something . what he see be a small compact Czech m61 submachine gun with a huge silencer on it , lie on he kitchen counter . butch ( softly ) Holy shit . he pick up the intimidating peace of weaponry and examine it . then ... a toilet flush . butch look up to the bathroom door , which be parallel to the kitchen . there be someone behind it . like a rabbit catch in a radish patch , butch freeze , not know what to do . the bathroom door open and Vincent vega step out of the bathroom , tightening he belt . in he hand be the book " modesty blaise " by Peter o'donnell . Vincent and butch lock eye . Vincent freeze . butch do not move , except to point the m61 in Vincent 's direction . neither man open he mouth . then ... the toaster loudly kick up the pop tart . that 's all the situation need . butch 's finger hit the trigger . muffled FIRE shoot out of the end of the gun . Vincent be seemingly wracked with twenty bullet simultaneously '' lifting he off he foot , propelling he through the air and crashing through the glass shower door at the end of the bathroom . by the time butch remove he finger from the trigger , Vincent be annihilate . butch stand freeze , amaze at what just happen . his look go from the grease spot in the bathroom that be once Vincent , down to the powerful piece of artillery in he grip . with the respect it deserve , butch carefully place the m61 back on the kitchen counter . then he exit the apartment , quickly . ext . apartment courtyard '' day butch , not run , but walk very rapidly , cross the courtyard ... ... come out of the apartment building , cross the street ... ... go through the alley ... ... and into he car in one steadicam shot . ext . honda '' day butch crank the car into gear and drive away . the big wide smile of a survivor break across he face . ext . apartment build STREET '' day the Honda turn down the alley and slowly cruise by he apartment building . int . honda '' day butch look out the window at he former home . butch that 's how you be gonna beat them , butch . they keep underestimatin ' ya . this make the boxer laugh out loud . as he laugh , he flip a tape in the cassette player . when the music start , he sing along with it . he drive by the apartment , but be stop at the light on the corner across from teriyaki donut . butch be still chuckle , sing along with the song , as we see : through the windshield the big man himself , marsellus wallace , exit teriyaki donut , carry a box of a dozen donut and two large styrofoam cup of coffee . he step off the curb , crossing the street in front of butch 's car . this be the first time we see marsellus clearly . laugh boy stop when he see the big man directly in front of he . when marsellus be in front of butch 's car , he casually glance to he leave , see butch , continue walk ... then stop ! double - take : " be I really see what I be see ? " butch do not wait for the big man to answer he own question . he stomp on the gas pedal . the little Honda slam into marsellus , send he , the donut and the coffee hitting the pavement at thirty mile a hour . butch cut into cross traffic and be broad - side by a gold camaro Z - 28 , breaking all the window in the Honda and send it up on the sidewalk . butch sit daze and confuse in the crumpled mess of what at one time be fabienne 's Honda . blood flow from he nostril . the still - functional tape player continue to play . a pedestrian poke he head inside . pedestrian Jesus , be you okay ? butch look at he , space - out . butch I guess . marsellus wallace lie sprawle out in the street . gawker gather around the body . gawker # 1 ( to the other ) he 's dead ! he 's dead ! this jerk 's yell make marsellus come to . two pedestrian help the shake butch out of the wreckage . the woozy marsellus get to he foot . gawker # 2 if you need a witness in court , I will be glad to help . he be a drunken maniac . he hit you and crash into that car . marsellus ( still incoherent ) who ? gawker # 2 ( point at butch ) him . marsellus follow the gawker 's finger and see butch coolidge down the street , look a shamble . marsellus well , I will be damned . the big man take out a .45 Automatic and the gawker back away . marsellus start move toward butch . butch see the fierce figure make a wobbly bee-line toward he . butch Sacre bleu . marsellus bring up he weapon and fire , but he 's so hurt , shaky and daze that he arm go wild . he hit a looky - loo woman in the hip . she fall to the ground , scream . looky - loo woman oh my God , I have be shot ! that 's all butch need to see . he 's outta here . marsellus run after he . the crowd look agape . butch be in a mad , limping run . the big man' hot on he ass with a cockey wobbly run . butch cut across traffic and dash into a business with a sign that read " mason - dixie pawnshop " . int . mason -dixie pawnshop '' day maynard , a hillbilly - lookin ' boy , stand behind the counter of he pawnshop when , all of a sudden , chaos in the form of butch race into he world . maynard can I help you wit ' somethin' ? butch shut up ! butch quickly take measure of the situation , than stand next to the door . maynard now you just wait one goddamn minute '' before maynard can finish he threat , marsellus charge in . he do not get past the doorway because butch land he fist in marsellus ' face . the gangster 's foot go out from under he and the big man fall flat on he back . outside , two police car with they siren blaring race by . butch pounce on the fall body , punching he twice more in the face . butch take the gun out of marsellus ' hand , than grab ahold of he middle finger . butch so you like chase people , huh ? he break the finger . marsellus let out a pain sound . butch then place the barrel of the .45 between he eye , pull back the hammer and place he open hand behind the gun to shield the splatter . butch well guess what , big man , you catch I '' maynard ( o.s. ) '' hold it right there , godammit ! butch and marsellus look up at maynard , who 's brandish a pumpaction shotgun , aim at the two man . butch look mister , this be not any of you business '' maynard '' I be makin ' it my business ! now toss that gun ! butch do . maynard now you on top , stand up and come to the counter . butch slowly get up and move to the counter . as soon as he get there , maynard haul off , hitting he hard in the face with the butt of the shotgun , knock butch down and out . after butch go down , maynard calmly lay the shotgun on the counter and move to the telephone . marsellus wallace , from he position on the floor , groggily watch the pawnshop owner dial a number . maynard wait on the line while the other end ring . then it pick up . maynard Zed ? it 's maynard . the spider just catch a coupl 'a fly . marsellus pass out . fade to black fade up : int . pawnshop back room '' day two shot '' butch and marsellus they be tie up in two separate chair . in they mouth be two s&amp ; m-style ball gag ( a belt go around they head and a little red ball stick in they mouth ) . both man be unconscious . maynard step in with a fire extinguisher and sprays both guy until they be wide awake and wet as otter . the two prisoner look up at they captor . maynard stand in front of they , fire extinguisher in one hand , shotgun in the other , and marsellus ' .45 stick in he belt . maynard nobody kill anybody in my place of business except I or Zed . a buzzer buzze . maynard that 's Zed . without say another word , maynard climb up the stair that lead to red curtain and go through they . we hear , on the other side of the curtain , maynard let Zed inside the store . butch and marsellus look around the room . the basement of the pawnshop have be convert into a dungeon . after take in they predicament , butch and marsellus look at each other , all trace of hostility go , replace by a terror they both share at what they have get themselves into . maynard and zed come through the curtain . Zed be a even more intense version of maynard , if such a thing be possible . the two hillbilly be obviously brother . where maynard be a vicious pitbull , Zed be a deadly cobra . Zed walk in and stand in front of the two captive . he inspect they for a long time , then say : zed ( to maynard ) you say you wait for I ? maynard I do . zed then how come they be all beat up ? maynard they do that to each other . they be fightin ' when they come in . this one be gonna shoot that one . zed ( to butch ) you be gonna shoot he ? butch make no reply . zed hey , be Grace gonna be okay in front of this place ? maynard yeah , it be not Tuesday be it ? zed no , it 's Thursday . maynard then she will be fine . zed bring out the gimp . maynard I think the gimp 's sleepin' . zed well , I guess you will just wake them up then , will not you ? maynard open a trap door in the floor . maynard ( yell in the hole ) wake up ! maynard reach into the hole and come back hold onto a leash . he give it a rough yank and , from below the floor , rise the GIMP . the gimp be a man they keep dress from head to toe in black leather bondage gear . there be zipper , buckle and stud here and there on the body . on he head be a black leather mask with two eye hole and a zipper ( close ) for a mouth . they keep he in a hole in the floor big enough for a large dog . Zed take the chair , sit it in front of the two prisoner , then lower into it . maynard hand the gimp 's leash to Zed , then back away . maynard ( to the gimp ) down ! the gimp get on its knee . maynard hang back while Zed appraise the two man . maynard who 's first ? zed I be not fer sure yet . then with he little finger , Zed do a silent " eenie , meany , miney , moe ... " just he mouth mouth the word and he finger go back and forth between the two . butch be marsellus be terrify . maynard look back and forth at the victim . the gimp 's eye go from one to the other inside the mask . Zed continue he silent sing - song with he finger move leave to right , then it stop . two shot '' butch and marsellus after a beat , the camera move to the right , zeroing in on marsellus . Zed stand up . zed wanna do it here ? maynard naw , drag big boy to Russell 's old room . Zed grab marsellus ' chair and drag he into Russell 's old room . Russell , no doubt , be some other poor bastard that have the misfortune of stumbling into the mason - Dixie pawnshop . whatever happen to Russell be know only to maynard and Zed because he old room , a back room in the back of the back room , be empty . as marsellus be drag away , he lock eye with butch before he disappear behind the door of Russell 's old room . maynard ( to the gimp ) up ! the gimp rise . maynard tie the gimp 's leash to a hook on the ceiling . maynard keep a eye on this one . the gimp bow its head : " yes . " maynard disappear into Russell 's old room . there must be a stereo in there because suddenly the judd , sing in harmony , fill the air . butch look at the gimp . the gimp giggle from underneath the mask as if this be the funniest moment in the history of comedy . from behind the door we hear country music , struggle , and : maynard ( o.s. ) whoa , this boy 's get a bit of fight in them ! we the hear maynard and Zed beat on marsellus . zed ( o.s. ) you wanna fight ? you wanna fight ? good , I like to fight ! butch pause , listen to the voice . then , in a panic , hurriedly struggle to get free . the gimp be laugh wildly . the rope be on too tight and butch can not break free . the gimp slap he knee laugh in the back room , we hear : maynard ( o.s. ) that 's it ... that 's it boy , you be goin ' fine . oooooooh , just like that ... that 's good . ( grunt faster ) stay still ... stay still goddamn ya ! Zed goddammit , git over here and hold them ! butch stop struggle and lift up on he arm . then , quite easily , the padded chair back slide up and off as if it be never connect by a bolt . the gimp see this and its eye widen . the GIMP huhng ? the gimp flail wildly , try to get the leash off the hook . he try to yell , but all that come out be excited gurgle and grunt . butch be out of he chair , quickly dispense three boxer' punch to its face . the punch knock the gimp out , make he fall to he knee , this hanging himself by the leash attach to the hook , butch remove the ball gag , then silently make he way through the red curtain . int . pawnshop '' day butch sneak to the door . on the counter be a big set of key with a large Z connect to the ring . grabbing they , he 's about to go out when he stop and listen to the hillbilly psychopath have they way with marsellus . butch decide for the life of he , he can not leave anybody in a situation like that . se he begin root around the pawnshop for a weapon to bash that hillbilly ' head in with . he pick up a big destructive - look hammer , then discard it : not destructive enough . he pick up a chainsaw , think about it for a moment , then put it back . next , a large louisville slugger he try on for size . but then he spot what he 's be look for : a samurai sword . it hand in its hand - carve wood sheath from a nail on the wall , next to a neon " dad' old - fashioned root Beer " sign . butch take the sword off the wall , remove it from its sheath . it 's a magnificent piece of steel . it seem to glisten in the low - wattage light of the pawnshop . butch touch he thumb to the blade to see if the sword be just for show . not on you life . it 's as sharp as it get . this weapon seem make to order for the Brothers Grimm downstairs . holding the sword point downward , takakura kenstyle , he disappear through the red curtain to take care of business . int . pawnshop back room '' day butch quietly sneak down the stair lead to the dungeon . sodomy and the judd can still be hear go string behind the close door that lead to Russell 's old room . int . russell's old room '' day butch 's hand come into frame , push the door open . it swing open silently , revealing the rapist , who have switch position . Zed be now bent over marsellus , who be bent over a wooden horse . maynard watch . both have they back to butch . maynard face the camera , grin , while butch come up behind he with the sword . miserable , violate , and look like a rag doll , marsellus , red ball gag still in mouth , open he watery eye to see butch come up behind maynard . his eye widen . butch hey hillbilly . maynard turn and see butch hold the sword . butch scream ... with one mighty swing , slashes maynard across the front , move past he , eye and blade now lock on Zed . maynard stand tremble , he front slice open , in shock . butch , while never take he eye off Zed , thrust the sword behind he , skewering maynard , then extract it , point the blade toward Zed. maynard collapse . Zed disengage from marsellus in a hurry and he eye go from the tip of butch 's sword to marsellus ' .45 Automatic , which lie within reach . butch 's eye follow Zed 's . butch you want that gun , Zed ? pick it up . Zed 's hand inch toward the weapon . butch grip the sword tighter . Zed study butch . butch look hard at Zed . then a voice say : marsellus ( o.s. ) step aside , butch . butch step aside , revealing marsellus stand behind he , hold maynard 's pump-action shotgun . kaboom !!!! Zed be blasted in the groin . down he go , scream in agony . marsellus , look down at he whimper rapist , eject the use shotgun shell . butch lower the sword and hang back . not a word , until : butch you okay ? marsellus naw man . I be pretty fuckin ' far from okay ! Long pause . butch what now ? marsellus what now ? well let I tell you what now . I be gonna call a couple pipe - hittin ' nigger , who will go to work on home here with a pair of plier and a blow torch . ( to Zed ) hear I talkin ' hillbilly boy ?! I be not through with you by a damn sight . I be gonna git medieval on you ass . butch I mean what now , between I and you ? marsellus oh , that what now ? well , let I tell ya what now between I a ' you . there be no I a ' you . not no more . butch so we be cool ? marsellus yeah man , we be cool . one thing I ask '' two thing I ask : do not tell nobody about this . this shit 's between I and you and the soon- to- be-livin ' - the-rest -of-his -short - ass - life - in - agonizing - pain , Mr. rapist here . it be not nobody else 's business . two : leave town . tonight . right now . and when you be go , stay go . you have lose you Los Angeles privilege . deal ? butch deal . the two man shake hand , then hug one another . marsellus go on now , get you ass outta here . butch leave Russell 's old room through the red curtain . marsellus walk over to a phone , dial a number . marsellus ( into the phone ) hello Mr. Wolf , it 's marsellus . gotta bit of a situation . ext . mason -dixie pawnshop '' day butch , still shaking in he boot , exit the pawnshop . he look ahead and see , park in front of the establishment , Zed 's Big chrome chopper with a teardrop gas tank that have the name " grace " on it . he climb aboard , take out the key with the big Z on they and start up the huge hog . it rumble to life , make sound like a rocket fight for orbit . butch twist the accelerator handle and speed off . we CUT back and forth between ... int . butch and fabienne's HOTEL room '' day fabienne stand in front of a mirror wear a " frankie say , relax " tee-shirt , sing along with music come from a boom BOX . ext . CITY STREET '' chopper ( moving ) '' day butch drive down the street , humping a hot hog name " grace . " he check he father 's watch . it say : 10:30 . the song in the motel room plays over this . ext . motel room '' day butch ride up on Grace . he hop off and run inside the motel room , while we stay outside with the bike . fabienne ( o.s. ) butch , I be so worried ! butch honey , grab you radio and you purse and let 's go ! fabienne ( o.s. ) but what about all we bag ? butch fuck the bag . we will miss we train if we do not split now . fabienne ( o.s. ) be everything well ? be we in danger ? butch we be cool . in fact , we be super - cool . but we got to go . I will wait for you outside . butch run out and hop back on the bike . fabienne exit the motel room with the boom box and a large purse . when she see butch on the chopper , she stop dead . fabienne where do you get this motorcycle ? butch ( he kick -start it ) it 's a chopper , baby , hop on . fabienne slowly approach the two - wheel demon . fabienne what happen to my Honda ? butch sorry baby , I crash the Honda . fabienne you be hurt ? butch I might have break my nose , no biggie . hop on . she do not move . butch look at she . butch honey , we gotta hit the fuckin ' road ! fabienne start to cry . butch realize that this be not the way to get she on the bike . he turn off the engine and reach out , take she hand . butch I be sorry , baby - love . fabienne ( cry ) you be go so long , I start to think dreadful thought . butch I be sorry I worried you , sweetie . everything 's fine . hey , how be breakfast ? fabienne ( waterwork drying a little ) it be good '' butch '' do you get the blueberry pancake ? fabienne no , they do not have blueberry pancake , I have to get buttermilk '' be you sure you be okay ? butch baby-love , from the moment I leave you , this have be without a doubt the single weirdest day of my entire life . climb on a ' I will tell ya about it . fabienne do climb on . butch start she up . fabienne butch , whose motorcycle be this ? butch it 's a chopper . fabienne whose chopper be this ? butch Zed 's . fabienne who 's Zed ? butch Zed 's dead , baby , Zed 's dead . and with that , the two lovebird peel away on Grace , as the song on the boom BOX rise . fade to black title card : " jule vincent jimmie &amp ; the wolf " title disappear . over black , we can hear in the distance , man talk . jule ( o.s. ) you ever read the Bible , brett ? BRETT ( o.s. ) yes ! jule ( o.s. ) there 's a passage I get memorize , seem appropriate for this situation : ezekiel 25:17 . " the path of the righteous man be beset on all side by the inequity of the selfish and the tyranny of evil man ... " fade up : int . bathroom '' day we be in the bathroom of the Hollywood apartment we be in earlier . in fact , we be there at exactly the same time . except this time , we be in the bathroom with the FOURTH man . the fourth man be pace around the small room , listen hard to what 's be say on the other side of the door , tightly clutching he huge silver .357 Magnum . jule ( o.s. ) " ... bless be he who , in the name of charity and good will , shepherd the weak through the valley of darkness . and I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger that who attempt to poison and destroy my brother . and you will know I be the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon you . " bang ! bang ! boom ! pow ! bam bam bam bam bam ! the fourth man freak out . he throws himself against the back wall , gun outstretch in front of he , a look of yellow fear on he face , ready to blow in half anybody fool enough to stick they head through that door . then he listen to they talk . vincent ( o.s. ) friend of yours ? jule ( o.s. ) yeah , marvin-vincent-vincent-marvin . wait for they be not the smartest move . burst out the door and blow they all away while they be fuckin ' around be the way to go . int . apartment '' day the bathroom door burst OPEN and the fourth man charge out , silver Magnum raise , firing six booming shot from he hand cannon . FOURTH man die ... die ... die ... die ...! dolly into fourth man , same as before . he scream until he 's dry fire . then a look of confusion cross he face . two shot '' jule and vincent stand next to each other , unharme . amazing as it seem , none of the fourth man 's shot appear to have hit anybody . Jules and Vincent exchange look like , " be we hit ? " they be as confuse at the shooter . after look at each other , they bring they look up to the fourth man . FOURTH man I do not understand '' the fourth man be take out of the scenario by the two men' bullet who , unlike he , hit they mark . he drop dead . the two man lower they gun . Jules , obviously shake , sit down in a chair . Vincent , after a moment of respect , shrug it off . then head toward marvin in the corner . vincent why the fuck do not you tell we about that guy in the bathroom ? slip you mind ? forget he be in there with a goddamn hand cannon ? jule ( to himself ) we should be fuckin ' dead right now . ( pause ) do you see that gun he fire at we ? it be bigger than he . vincent .357 . jule we should be fuckin ' dead ! vincent yeah , we be lucky . Jules rise , move toward Vincent . jule that shit be not luck . that shit be something ' else . Vincent prepare to leave . vincent yeah , maybe . jule that be ... divine intervention . you know what divine intervention be ? vincent yeah , I think so . that mean God come down from Heaven and stop the bullet . jule yeah , man , that 's what be mean . that 's exactly what it mean ! God come down from Heaven and stop the bullet . vincent I think we should be go now . jule do not do that ! do not you fuckin ' do that ! do not blow this shit off ! what just happen be a fuckin ' miracle ! vincent chill the fuck out , Jules , this shit happen . jule wrong , wrong , this shit do not just happen . vincent do you wanna continue this theological discussion in the car , or at the jailhouse with the cop ? jule we should be fuckin ' dead now , my friend ! we just witness a miracle , and I want you to fuckin ' acknowledge it ! vincent okay man , it be a miracle , can we leave now ? ext . hollywood apartment build '' morning the chevy nova propel itself into traffic . int . nova ( moving ) '' morning Jules be behind the wheel , Vincent in the passenger seat and marvin in the back . vincent ... ever see that show " cop ? " I be watchin ' it once and this cop be on it who be talkin ' about this time he get into this gun fight with a guy in a hallway . he unload on this guy and he do not hit anything . and this guy be in a hallway . it 's a freak , but it happen . jule if you wanna play blind man , then go walk with a shepherd . but I , my eye be wide fuckin ' open . vincent what the fuck do that mean ? jule that 's it for I . for here on in , you can consider my ass retire . vincent Jesus Christ ! jule do not blaspheme ! vincent goddammit , Jules '' jule '' I say do not do that '' vincent '' you be fuckin ' freakin ' out ! jule I be tellin' marsellus today I be through . vincent while you be at it , be sure to tell ' im why . jule do not worry , I will . vincent I will bet ya ten thousand dollar , he laugh he ass off . jule I do not give a damn if he do . Vincent turn to the backseat with the .45 casually in he grip . vincent marvin , what do you make of all this ? marvin I do not even have a opinion . vincent c'mon , marvin . do you think God come down from Heaven and stop the bullet ? Vincent 's .45 go bang ! marvin be hit in the upper chest , below the throat . he gurgle blood and shake . jule what the fuck 's happen ? vincent I just accidentally shot marvin in the throat . jule why the fuck do you do that ? vincent I do not mean to do it . I say it be a accident . jule I have see a lot of crazy - ass shit in my time '' vincent '' chill out , man , it be a accident , okay ? you hit a bump or something ' and the gun go off . jule the car do not hit no motherfuckin ' bump ! vincent look ! I do not mean to shoot this son-ofa- bitch , the gun just go off , do not ask I how ! jule look at this mess ! we be drivin ' around on a city street in broad daylight '' vincent '' I know , I know , I be not thinkin ' about the splatter . jule well you better be thinkin ' about it now , motherfucker ! we gotta get this car off the road . cop tend to notice shit like you be drive a car drench in fuckin ' blood . vincent can not we just take it to a friendly place ? jule this be the Valley , Vincent . marsellus do not get no friendly place in the Valley . vincent well , do not look at I , this be you town , Jules . Jules take out a cellular phone and start punch digit . vincent who ya callin' ? jule a buddy of mine in toluca Lake . vincent where 's toluca Lake . jule on the other side of the hill , by burbank studios . if jimmie 's ass be not home , I do not know what the fuck we be gonna go . I be not get any other partner in 818 . ( into phone ) jimmie ! how you doin ' man , it 's Jules . ( pause ) listen up man , I a ' my homeboy be in some serious shit . we be in a car we gotta get off the road , pronto ! I need to use you garage for a couple hour . int . jimmie' bathroom '' day Jules be bent over a sink , wash he bloody hand while Vincent stand behind he . jule we gotta be real fuckin ' delicate with this jimmie 's situation . he 's one remark away from kickin ' we ass out the door . vincent if he kick we out , whadda we do ? jule well , we be not leavin ' ' till we make a couple phone call . but I never want it to reach that pitch . jimmie 's my friend and you do not bust in you friend 's house and start tellin' ' im what 's what . Jules rise and dry he hand . Vincent take he place at the sink . vincent just tell ' im not to be abusive . he kinda freak out back there when he see marvin . jule put yourself in he position . it 's eight o'clock in the morning . he just wake up , he be not prepare for this shit . do not forget who 's doin ' who a favor . Vincent finish , then dry he hand on a white towel . vincent if the price of that favor be I gotta take shit , he can stick he favor straight up he ass . when Vincent be finish drying he hand , the towel be stain with red . jule what the fuck do you just do to he towel ? vincent I be just dryin ' my hand . jule you be suppose to wash them first . vincent you watch I wash them . jule I watch you get them wet . vincent I wash them . blood 's real hard to get off . maybe if he have some lava , I coulda do a better job . jule I use the same soap you do and when I dry my hand , the towel do not look like a fuckin' maxie pad . look , fuck it , alright . who care ? but it 's shit like this that 's gonna bring this situation to a boil . if he be to come in here and see that towel like that ... I be tellin ' you Vincent , you best be cool . ' Cause if I gotta get in to it with jimmie on account of you ... look , I be not threatenin ' you , I respect you a ' all , just do not put I in that position . jule Jules , you ask I nice like that , no problem . he 's you friend , you handle he . int . jimmie' kitchen '' morning Three man be stand in jimmie 's kitchen , each with a mug of coffee . Jules , Vincent and jimmie dimmick , a young man in he late 20 dress in a bathrobe . jule goddamn jimmie , this be some serious gourmet shit . I an' Vincent woulda be satisfied with freeze-dry tasters Choice . you spring this gourmet fuckin ' shit on we . what flavor be this ? jimmie knock it off , Julie . jule what ? jimmie I be not a cobb or corn , so you can stop butterin ' I up . I do not need you to tell I how good my coffee be . I be the one who busy it , I know how fuckin ' good it be . when bonnie go shoppin ; , she busy shit . I buy the gourmet expensive stuff ' cause when I drink it , I wanna taste it . but what 's on my mind at this moment be not the coffee in my kitchen , it 's the dead nigger in my garage . jule jimmie '' jimmie '' I be talkin' . now let I ask you a question , Jules . when you drive in here , do you notice a sign out front that say , " Dead nigger storage ? " Jules start to " jimmie " he '' jimmie '' answer to question . do you see a sign out in front of my house that say , " Dead nigger storage ? " jule ( play along ) naw man , I do not . jimmie you know why you do not see that sign ? jule why ? jimmie ' Cause storin ' dead nigger be not my fuckin ' business ! Jules start to " jimmie " he . jimmie '' I be not through ! now do not you understand that if bonnie come home and find a dead body in she house , I be gonna get divorced . no marriage counselor , no trial separation '' fuckin ' divorced . and I do not wanna get fuckin ' divorced . the last time I an' bonnie talk about this shit be gonna be the last time I an' bonnie talk about this shit . now I wanna help ya out Julie , I really do . but I be not gonna lose my wife doin ' it . jule jimmie '' jimmie '' do not fuckin ' jimmie I , man , I can not be jimmied . there 's nothin ' you can say that 's gonna make I forget I love my wife . now she 's workin ' the graveyard shift at the hospital . she will be comin ' home in less than a hour and a half . make you phone call , talk to you people , than get the fuck out of my house . jule that 's all we want . we do not wanna fuck up you shit . we just need to call we people to bring we in . jimmie then I suggest you get to it . phone 's in my bedroom . int . marsellus wallace's dine room '' morning marsellus wallace sit at he dining table in a big comfy robe , eat he large breakfast , while talk on the phone . marsellus ... well , say she come home . whaddya think she will do ? ( pause ) no fuckin ' shit she will freak . that be not no kinda answer . you know 'er , I do not . how bad , a lot or a little ? int . jimmie' bedroom '' morning Jules pace around in jimmie 's bedroom on the phone . jule you get to appreciate what a explosive element this bonnie situation be . if she come home from a hard day 's work and find a bunch of gangster doin ' a bunch of gangsta ' shit in she kitchen , be not no tellin ' what she 's apt to do . marsellus I have grasp that , Jules . all I be doin ' be contemplate the " if . " jule I do not wanna hear about no motherfuckin ' " if . " what I wanna hear from you ass be : " you be not get no problem , Jules . I be on the motherfucker . go back in there , chill they nigger out and wait for the cavalry , which should be comin ' directly . " marsellus you be not get no problem , Jules . I be on the motherfucker . go back in there , chill they nigger out and wait for the Wolf , who should be comin ' directly . jule you sendin' the Wolf ? marsellus feel better ? jule shit negro , that 's all you have to say . int . HOTEL suite '' morning the camera look through the bedroom doorway of a hotel suite into the main area . we see a crap game be play on a fancy crap table by gambler in tuxedo and lucky lady in fancy evening gowns . the camera pan to the right revealing : sitting on a bed , phone in hand with he back to we , the tuxedo - clad winston wolf aka " the wolf " . we also see the Wolf have a small notepad that he jot detail in . the wolf ( into phone ) be she the hysterical type ? ( pause ) when she due ? ( jotting down ) give I the principal ' name again ? ( jot down ) Jules ... we see he book . the page have write on it : " 1265 Riverside drive toluca Lake 1 body ( no head ) bloody shot - up car Jules ( black ) " the wolf ... Vincent ... jimmie ... bonnie ... he write : " Vincent ( Dean Martin ) jimmie ( house ) bonnie ( 9:30 ) " the wolf expect a call around 10:30 . it 's about thirty minute away . I will be there in ten . he hang up . we never see he face . CUT to : title card over black : " nine minute and thirty - seven second later " CUT to : ext . jimmie' STREET '' morning a silver porsche whip the corner lead to jimmie 's home , in hyper drive . easily do 135 mph , the porsche stop on a dime in front of jimmie 's house . a ringed finger touch the doorbell : ding dong . int . jimmie' house '' morning jimmie open the door . we see , stand in the doorway , the tuxedo - clad man . he look down to he notebook , then up at jimmie . the wolf you be jimmie , right ? this be you house ? jimmie yeah . the wolf ( stick he hand out ) I be Winston Wolf , I solve problem . jimmie good , ' cause we get one . the wolf so I hear . May I come in ? jimmie please do . in the dining room , Jules and Vincent stand up . the wolf you must be Jules , which would make you Vincent . let 's get down to brass tack , gentleman . if I be inform correctly , the clock be tick , be that right , jimmie ? jimmie 100 % . the wolf you wife , bonnie ... ( refer to he pad ) ... come home at 9:30 in the am , be that correct ? jimmie uh-huh . the wolf I be lead to believe if she come home and find we here , she would not appreciate it none too much . jimmie she will not at that . the wolf that give we forty minute to get the fuck outta dodge , which , if you do what I say when I say it , should by plenty . now you get a corpse in a car , minus a head , in a garage . take I to it . int . jimmie' garage '' morning the three man hang back as the Wolf examine the car . he study the car in silence , open the door , look inside , circle it . the wolf jimmie ? jimmie yes . the wolf do I a favor , will ya ? think I smell some coffee in there . would you make I a cup ? jimmie sure , how do you take it ? the wolf lotsa cream , lotsa sugar . jimmie exist . the Wolf continue he examination . the wolf about the car , be there anything I need to know ? do it stall , do it make a lot of noise , do it smoke , be there gas in it , anything ? jule aside from how it look , the car 's cool . the wolf positive ? do not get I out on the road and I find out the brake light do not work . jule hey man , as far as I know , the motherfucker 's tip-top . the wolf good enough , let 's go back to the kitchen . int . kitchen '' morning jimmie hand the Wolf a cup of coffee . the wolf thank you , jimmie . he take a sip , then , pace as he think , lay out for the three man the plan of action . the wolf okay first thing , you two . ( meaning Jules and Vincent ) take the body , stick it in the trunk . now jimmie , this look to be a pretty domesticate house . that would lead I to believe that in the garage or under the sink , you get a bunch of cleanser and cleaner and shit like that , be I correct ? jimmie yeah . exactly . under the sink . the wolf good . what I need you two fella to do be take that clean product and clean the inside of the car . and I be talkin ' fast , fast , fast . you need to go in the backseat , scoop up all that little piece of brain and skull . get it out of there . wipe down the upholstery '' now when it come to upholstery , it do not need to be spic and span , you do not need to eat off it . give it a good once over . what you need to take care of be the really messy part . the pool of blood that have collect , you gotta soak that shit up . but the window be a different story . they you really clean . get the windex , do a good job . now jimmie , we need to raid you linen closet . I need blanket , I need comforter , I need quilt , I need bedspread . the thicker the better , the darker the better . no white , can not use them . we need to camouflage the interior of the car . we be gonna line the front seat and the backseat and the floor board with quilt and blanket . if a cop stop we and start stickin ' he big snout in the car , the subterfuge will not last . but at a glance , the car will appear to be normal . jimmie '' lead the way , boy '' get to work . the Wolf and jimmie turn , head for the bedroom , leave Vincent and Jules stand in the kitchen . vincent ( call after he ) a " please " would be nice . the Wolf stop and turn around . the wolf come again ? vincent I say a " please " would be nice . the Wolf take a step toward he . the wolf set be straight , buster . I be not here to say " please . " I be here to tell you want to do . and if self - preservation be a instinct you possess , you better fuckin ' do it and do it quick . I be here to help . if my help 's not appreciate , lotsa luck gentleman . jule it be not that way , Mr. Wolf . you help be definitely appreciate . vincent I do not mean any disrespect . I just do not like people barkin ' order at I . the wolf if I be curt with you , it 's because time be a factor . I think fast , I talk fast , and I need you guy to act fast if you want to get out of this . so pretty please , with sugar on top , clean the fuckin ' car . int . jimmie' bedroom '' morning jimmie 's gather all the bedspread , quilt and linen he have . the Wolf be on the phone . the wolf ( into phone ) it 's a 1974 chevy nova. ( pause ) white. ( pause ) nothin ' , except for the mess inside . ( pause ) about twenty minute . ( pause ) nobody who will be miss . ( pause ) you be a good man , Joe . see ya soon . ( he look at jimmie ) how we comin ' , jimmie ? jimmie come over with a handful of linen . jimmie Mr. Wolf , you gotta understand something ' '' the wolf '' Winston , jimmie '' please , Winston . jimmie you gotta understand something , Winston . I want to help you guy out and all , but that 's my best linen . it be a wedding present from my uncle conrad and aunt Ginny , and they be not with we anymore '' the wolf '' let I ask you a question , if you do not mind ? jimmie sure . the wolf be you uncle conrad and aunt Ginny millionaire ? jimmie no . the wolf well , you uncle marsellus be . and I be positive if uncle conrad and aunt Ginny be millionaire , they would have furnish you with a whole bedroom set , which you uncle marsellus be more than happy to do . ( take out a roll of bill ) I like oak myself , that 's what 's in my bedroom . how ' bout you jimmie , you a oak man ? jimmie oak 's nice . int . garage '' morning both Jules and Vincent be inside the car clean it up . Vincent be in the front seat wash window , while Jules be in the backseat , pick up little piece of skull and gob of brain . both be twice as bloody as they be before . jule I will never forgive you ass for this shit . this be some fuck - up repugnant shit ! vincent do you ever hear the philosophy that once a man admit he 's wrong , he 's immediately forgiven for all wrong-doings ? jule man , get outta my face with that shit ! the motherfucker who say that never have to pick up itty-bitty piece of skull with he finger on account of you dumb ass . vincent I get a threshold , Jules . I get a threshold for the abuse I will take . and you be crossin ' it . I be a race car and you get I in the red . redline 7000 , that 's where you be . just know , it 's fuckin ' dangerous to be drivin ' a race car when it 's in the red . it could blow . jule you be gettin ' ready to blow ? I be a mushroom - cloud - layin ' motherfucker ! every time my finger touch brain I be " superfly t.n.t , " I be the " gun of navarone . " I be what jimmie Walker usta talk about . in fact , what the fuck be I doin ' in the back ? you be the motherfucker should be on brain detail . we be tradin' . I be washin ' window and you be pickin ' up this nigger 's skull . int . chevy nova '' morning the interior of the car have be clean and line with bedspread and quilt . believe it or not , what look like a portable slaughterhouse can actually pass for a non-descript vehicle . the Wolf circle the car examine it . Jules and Vincent stand aside , they clothes be literally a bloody mess , but they do have a sense of pride in what a good job they have do . the wolf Fine job , gentleman . we may get out of this yet . jimmie I can not believe that 's the same car . the wolf well , let 's not start suckin ' each other 's dick quite yet . phase one be complete , clean the car , which move we right along to phase two , clean you two . ext . jimmie' backyard '' morning Jules and Vincent stand side by side in they black suit , cover in blood , in jimmie 's backyard . jimmie hold a plastic hefty trash bag , while the Wolf hold a garden hose with one of that gun nozzle attach . the wolf Strip . vincent all the way ? the wolf to you bare ass . as they follow direction , the Wolf enjoy a smoke . the wolf quickly gentleman , we get about fifteen minute before jimmie 's better - half come pull into the driveway . jule this morning air be some chilly shit . vincent be you sure this be absolutely necessary ? the wolf you know what you two look like ? vincent what ? the wolf like a couple of guy who just blow off somebody 's head . yes , strippin ' off that bloody rag be absolutely necessary . toss the clothes in Jim 's garbage bag . jule now jimmie , do not do nothin ' stupid like puttin ' that out in front of you house for elmo the garbage man to take away . the wolf do not worry , we be takin ' it with we . Jim , the soap . he hand the now - naked man a bar of soap . the wolf okay gentleman , you be both be to County before , I be sure . here it come . he hit the trigger , water shoot out , smacking both man . jule goddamn , that water 's fuckin ' cold ! the wolf better you than I , gentleman . the two man , tremble , scrub themselves . the wolf do not be afraid of the soap , spread it around . the Wolf stop the hose , toss it on the ground . the wolf towel them . jimmie toss they each a towel , which they rub furiously across they body . the wolf you be dry enough , give them they clothes . fade up on : jule and vincent in they tee-shirt and swim trunk . they look a million mile away from the black -suite , bad - ass we first meet . the wolf perfect . perfect . we could not have plan this better . you guy look like ... what do they look like , jimmie ? jimmie dork . they look like a couple of dork . the Wolf and jimmie laugh . jule ha ha ha . they be you clothes , motherfucker . jimmie I guess you just gotta know how to wear they . jule yeah , well , we ass be not the expert on wearin ' dorky shit that you be . the wolf c'mon , gentleman , we be laughin ' and jokin ' we way into prison . do not make I beg . int . jimmie' garage '' morning the garbage bag be toss in the car trunk on top of marvin . the Wolf slam be close . the wolf gentlemen , let 's get we rule of the road straight . we be go to a place call monster Joe 's truck and tow . monster Joe and he daughter raquel be sympathetic to out dilemma . the place be North Hollywood , so a few twist and turn aside , we will be goin ' up Hollywood Way . now I will drive the taint car . Jules , you ride with I . Vincent , you follow in my porsche . now if we cross the path of any John q. law , nobody do a fuckin ' thing ' till I do something . ( to jule ) what do I say ? jule do not do shit unless '' the wolf '' unless what ? jule unless you do it first . the wolf speak like a true prodigy . ( to Vincent ) how ' bout you , lash larue ? can you keep you spur from jingling and jangling ? vincent I be cool , Mr. Wolf . my gun just go off , I dunno how . the wolf Fair enough . ( he throw Vince he car key ) I drive real fuckin ' fast , so keep up . if I get my car back any different than I give it , monster Joe 's gonna be dispose of two body . ext . monster joe' truck and tow '' morning Jules and Vincent wait by Winston 's porsche . jule we cool ? winston like it never happen . Jules and Vincent bump fist . winston boy , this be raquel . someday , all this will be hers . raquel ( to the boy ) hi . you know , if they ever do " I spy : the motion picture , " you guy , I would be great . what 's with the outfit . you guy go to a volleyball game ? Winston laugh , the boy groan . winston I be takin ' m'lady out to breakfast . maybe I can drop you two off . where do you live ? vincent redondo Beach . jule inglewood . Winston grab Jules ' wrist and pantomime like he 's in a " dead zone " trance . winston ( painfully ) it 's you future : I see ... a cab ride . ( drop the act ) sorry guy , move out of the stick . ( to raquel ) say goodbye , raquel . raquel Goodbye , raquel . winston I will see you two around , and stay outta trouble , you crazy kid . Winston turn to leave . jule Mr. Wolf . he turn around . jule I be a pleasure watchin ' you work . the Wolf smile . winston call I Winston . he turn and banter with raquel as they get in the porsche . winston you hear that , young lady ? respect . you could lean a lot from that two fine specimen . respect for one 's elder show character . raquel I have character . winston just because you be a character do not mean you have character . raquel oh you be so funny , oh you be so funny . the porsche shoot off down the road . the two man leave alone look at each other . jule wanna share a cab ? vincent you know I could go for some breakfast . want to have breakfast with I ? jule sure . int . coffee shop '' morning Jules and Vincent sit at a booth . in front of Vincent be a big stack of pancake and sausage , which he eat with gusto . Jules , on the other hand , just have a cup of coffee and a muffin . he seem far away in think . the waitress pour a refill for both man , vincent thanks a bunch . ( to Jules , who 's nursing he coffee ) want a sausage ? jule naw , I do not eat pork . vincent be you jewish ? jule I be not jewish man , I just do not dig on swine . vincent why not ? jule they be filthy animal . I do not eat filthy animal . vincent sausage taste good . pork chop taste good . jule a sewer rat may taste like pumpkin pie . I will never know ' cause even if it do , I would not eat the filthy motherfucker . Pigs sleep and root in shit . that 's a filthy animal . I do not wanna eat nothin ' that be not get enough sense to disregard its own fece . vincent how about dog ? dog eat they own fece . jule I do not eat dog either . vincent yes , but do you consider a dog to be a filthy animal ? jule I would not go so far as to call a dog filthy , but they be definitely dirty . but a dog 's get personality . and personality go a long way . vincent so by that rationale , if a pig have a better personality , he 's cease to be a filthy animal ? jule we would have to be talkin ' ' bout one motherfuckin ' charmin ' pig . it would have to be the cary grant of pig . the two man laugh . vincent good for you . lighten up a little . you be sittin ' there all quiet . jule I just be sittin ' here thinkin' . vincent ( mouthful of food ) about what ? jule the miracle we witness . vincent the miracle you witness . I witness a freak occurrence . jule do you know that a miracle be ? vincent a act of God . jule what 's a act of God ? vincent I guess it 's when God make the impossible possible . and I be sorry Jules , but I do not think what happen this morning qualify . jule do not you see , Vince , that shit do not matter . you be judge this thing the wrong way . it 's not about what . it could be God stop the bullet , he change Coke into pepsi , he find my fuckin ' car key . you do not judge shit like this base on merit . whether or not what we experience be a accord - to - hoyle miracle be insignificant . what be significant be I feel God 's touch , God get involved . vincent but why ? jule that 's what 's fuckin ' wit ' I ! I do not know why . but I can not go back to sleep . vincent so you be serious , you be really gonna quit ? jule the life , most definitely . Vincent take a bite of food . Jules take a sip of coffee in the b.g. , we see a patron call the waitress . patron garcon ! coffee ! we recognize the patron to be pumpkin from the first scene of pumpkin and honey Bunny . vincent so if you be quit the life , what will you do ? jule that 's what I have be sit here contemplate . first , I be gonna deliver this case to marsellus . then , basically , I be gonna walk the earth . vincent what do you mean , walk the earth ? jule you know , like caine in " kung fu . " just walk from town to town , meet people , get in adventure . vincent how long do you intend to walk the earth ? jule until God put I where he want I to be . vincent what if he never do ? jule if it take forever , I will wait forever . vincent so you decide to be a bum ? jule I will just be Jules , Vincent '' no more , no less . vincent no Jules , you be gonna be like that piece of shit out there who beg for change . they walk around like a bunch of fuckin ' zomby , they sleep in garbage bin , they eat what I throw away , and dog piss on them . they get a word for them , they be call bum . and without a job , residence , or legal tender , that 's what you be gonna be '' a fuckin ' bum ! jule look my friend , this be just where I and you differ '' vincent '' what happen be peculiar '' no doubt about it '' but it be not water into wine . jule all shape and size , Vince . vincent stop fuckin ' talkin ' like that ! jule if you find my answer frightening , Vincent , you should cease askin ' scary question . vincent I gotta take a shit . to be continue . Vincent exit for the restroom . Jules , alone , take a mouthful of muffin , then ... pumpkin and honey Bunny rise with gun raise . pumpkin everybody be cool , this be a robbery ! honey bunny any of you fuckin ' prick move and I will execute every one of you motherfucker ! get that ?! Jules look up , not believe what he 's see . under the table , Jules ' hand go to he .45 Automatic . he pull it out , cocking it . pumpkin customer stay seat , waitress on the floor . honey bunny now mean fuckin ' now ! do it or die , do it or fuck die ! like lightning , pumpkin move over to the kitchen . while honey Bunny scream out threat to the patron , keep they terrify . pumpkin you mexican in the kitchen , get out here ! asta luego ! Three cook and two busboys come out of the kitchen . pumpkin on the floor or I will cook you ass , comprende ? they comprende . the portly manager speak up . manager I be the manager here , there 's no problem , no problem at all '' pumpkin head he way . pumpkin you be gonna give I a problem ? he reach he and stick the barrel of he gun hard in the manager 's neck . pumpkin what ? you say you be gonna give I a problem ? manager no , I be not . I be not gonna give you any problem ! pumpkin I do not know , honey Bunny . he look like the hero type to I ! honey bunny do not take any chance . execute he ! the patron scream . Jules watch all this silently , he hand tightly grip the .45 Automatic under the table . manager please do not ! I be not a hero . I be just a coffee shop manager . take anything you want . pumpkin tell everyone to cooperate and it will be all over . manager everybody just be calm and cooperate with they and this will be all over soon ! pumpkin well do , now git you fuckin ' ass on the ground . int . coffee shop bathroom '' morning Vincent , on the toilet , oblivious to the pandemonium outside , read he " modesty blaise " book . int . coffee shop '' morning Cash register drawer open . pumpkin stuff the money from the till in he pocket . then walk from behind the counter with a trash bag in he hand . pumpkin okay people , I be go to go 'round and collect you wallet . do not talk , just toss them in the bag . we clear ? pumpkin go around collect wallet . Jules sit with he .45 ready to spit under the table . pumpkin see Jules sit in he booth , hold he wallet , briefcase next to he . pumpkin cross to he , he tone more respectful , he manner more on guard . pumpkin in the bag . Jules drop he wallet in the bag . use he gun as a pointer , pumpkin point to the briefcase . pumpkin what 's in that ? jule my boss ' dirty laundry . pumpkin you boss make you do he laundry ? jule when he want it clean . pumpkin sound like a shit job . jule funny , I have be thinkin ' the same thing . pumpkin open it up . Jules ' free hand lay palm flat on the briefcase . jule ' fraid I can not do that . pumpkin be definitely surprised by he answer . he aim the gun right in the middle of Jules ' face and pull back the hammer . pumpkin I do not hear you . jule yes , you do . this exchange have be kind of quiet , not everybody hear it , but honey Bunny sense something 's wrong . honey bunny what 's goin ' on ? pumpkin look like we get a vigilante in we midst . honey bunny shoot them in the face ! jule I do not mean to shatter you ego , but this be not the first time I have have gun point at I . pumpkin you do not open up that case , it 's gonna be the last . manager ( on the ground ) quit cause problem , you will get we all kill ! give them what you get and get them out of here . jule keep you fuckin ' mouth close , fat man , this be not any of you goddamn business ! pumpkin I be countin ' to three , and if you hand be not off that case , I be gonna unload right in you fuckin ' face . clear ? one ... pumpkin ...two ... three . jule you win . Jules raise he hand off the briefcase . jule it 's all yours , ringo . pumpkin open it . Jules flip the lock and open the case , revealing it to pumpkin but not to we . the same light shine from the case . pumpkin 's expression go to amazement . honey Bunny , across the room , can not see shit . honey bunny what be it ? what be it ? pumpkin ( softly ) be that what I think it be ? Jules nod he head : " yes . " pumpkin it 's beautiful . Jules nod he head : " yes . " honey bunny goddammit , what be it ? Jules slam the case close , then sit back , as if offer the case to pumpkin . pumpkin , one big smile , bend over to pick up the case . like a rattlesnake , Jules ' free hand grab the wrist of pumpkin 's gun hand , slamming it on the table . his other hand come from under the table and stick the barrel of he .45 hand under pumpkin 's chin . honey Bunny freak out , wave she gun in Jules ' direction . honey bunny let he go ! let he go ! I will blow you fuckin ' head off ! I will kill ya ! I will kill ya ! you be gonna die , you be gonna fuckin ' die bad ! jule ( to pumpkin ) tell that bitch to be cool ! say , bitch be cool ! say , bitch be cool ! pumpkin chill out , honey ! honey bunny let he go ! jule ( softly ) tell she it 's gonna be okay . pumpkin I be gonna be okay . jule promise she . pumpkin I promise . jule tell she to chill . pumpkin just chill out . jule what 's she name ? pumpkin yolanda . whenever Jules talk to yolanda , he never look at she , only at pumpkin . jule ( to yolanda ) so , we cool yolanda ? we be not gonna do anything stupid , be we ? yolanda ( cry ) do not you hurt he . jule nobody 's gonna hurt anybody . we be gonna be like three fonzy . and what ' fonzie like ? no answer . jule c'mon yolanda , what 's fonzie like ? yolanda ( through tear , unsure ) he 's cool ? jule correct -amundo ! and that 's what we be gonna be , we be gonna be cool . ( to pumpkin ) now ringo , I be gonna count to three and I want you to let go you gun and lay you palm flat on the table . but when you do it , do it cool . ready ? pumpkin look at he . jule one ... two ... three . pumpkin let go of he gun and place both hand on the table . yolanda can not stand it anymore . yolanda okay , now let he go ! jule yolanda , I think you be gonna be cool . when you yell at I , it make I nervous . when I get nervous , I get scared . and when motherfucker get scared , that 's when motherfucker get accidentally shot . yolanda ( more conversational ) just know : you hurt he , you die . jule that seem to be the situation . now I do not want that and you do not want that and ringo here do not want that . so let 's see what we can do . ( to ringo ) now this be the situation . normally both of you ass would be dead as fuckin ' fry chicken . but you happen to pull this shit while I be in a transitional period . I do not wanna kill ya , I want to help ya . but I be afraid I can not give you the case . it do not belong to I . besides , I go through too much shit this morning on account of this case to just hand it over to you ass . vincent ( o.s. ) what the fuck 's goin ' on here ? yolanda whip she gun toward the stranger . Vincent , by the bathroom , have he gun out , dead -aim at yolanda . jule it 's cool , Vincent ! it 's cool ! do not do a goddamn thing . yolanda , it 's cool baby , nothin 's change . we be still just talkin' . ( to pumpkin ) tell she we be still cool . pumpkin it 's cool , honey Bunny , we be still cool . vincent ( gun raise ) what the hell 's goin ' on , Jules ? jule nothin ' I can not handle . I want you to just hang back and do not do shit unless it 's absolutely necessary . vincent check . jule yolanda , how we doin , baby ? yolanda I gotta go pee ! I want to go home . jule just hang in there , baby , you be do ' great , ringo 's proud of you and so be I . it 's almost over . ( to pumpkin ) now I want you to go in that bag and find my wallet . pumpkin which one be it ? jule it 's the one that say bad motherfucker on it . pumpkin look in the bag and '' sure enough '' there 's a wallet with " bad motherfucker " embroider on it . jule that 's my bad motherfucker . now open it up and take out the cash . how much be there ? pumpkin about fifteen hundred dollar . jule put it in you pocket , it 's yours . now with the rest of they wallet and the register , that make this a pretty successful little score . vincent Jules , if you give this nimrod fifteen hundred buck , I be gonna shoot them on general principle . jule you be not gonna do a goddamn thing , now hang back and shut the fuck up . besides , I be not givin ' it to he . I be buyin ' something ' for my money . wanna know what I be buyin ' ringo ? pumpkin what ? jule you life . I be givin ' you that money so I do not hafta kill you ass . you read the Bible ? pumpkin not regularly . jule there 's a passage I get memorize . ezekiel 25:17 . " the path of the righteous man be beset on all side by the inequity of the selfish and the tyranny of evil man . bless be he who , in the name of charity and good will , shepherd the weak through the valley of the darkness . for he be truly he brother 's keeper and the finder of lose child . and I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger that who attempt to poison and destroy my brother . and you will know I be the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon you . " I be sayin ' that shit for year . and if you ever hear it , it mean you ass . I never really question what it mean . I think it be just a coldblood thing to say to a motherfucker ' fore you pop a cap in he ass . but I see some shit this mornin ' make I think twice . now I be thinkin' , it could mean you be the evil man . and I be the righteous man . and Mr. .45 here , he 's the shepherd protect my righteous ass in the valley of darkness . or be could by you be the righteous man and I be the shepherd and it 's the world that 's evil and selfish . I would like that . but that shit be not the truth . the truth be you be the weak . and I be the tyranny of evil man . but I be tryin ' . I be tryin ' real hard to be a shepherd . Jules lower he gun , lie it on the table . pumpkin look at he , to the money in he hand , then to yolanda . she look back . grabbing the trash bag full of wallet , the two run out the door . Jules , who be never rise from he seat the whole time , take a sip of coffee . jule ( to himself ) it 's cold . he push it aside . Vincent appear next to Jules . vincent I think we oughta leave now . jule that 's probably a good idea . Vincent throw some money on the table and Jules grab the briefcase . then , to the amazement of the patron , the Waitress , the cook , the Bus boy , and the manager , this two bad - ass dude '' wear uc Santa Cruz and " I be with stupid " tee-shirt , swim trunk , thongs and pack .45 automatics '' walk out of the coffee shop together without say a word . fade out the end