Pump up the volume transcript happy Harry hardon - do you ever get the feel that everything in America be completely fuck up . you know that feel that the whole country be like one inch away from say ' that 's it , forget it . ' you think about it . everything be pollute . the environment , the government , the school you name it . speak of school . I be walk the household the other day and I ask myself . be there live after high school ? because I can not face tomorrow , let alone a whole year of this shit . yeah , you get it folk . it 's I again with a little attitude for all you out here and wait for Atlanta . all you nice people live in the middle of America the beautiful . let see , we be on er 92 fm tonight and it feel like a nice clean little band so far . no one else be use it . the price be right . heh , heh . and yes folk you guest it . tonight I be as horny as a ten peckerd house , so stay tune because this be happy Harry hardon remind you to eat you cereal with a fork and do you homework in the dark .. murdock - Mr. Travis , Louis Travis . it 's just for a second . Mr woodward - so , I will pick you up after you yearbook . paige woodward - okay , dad . Mr woodward - and no big date tonight , you have to be well rest for you History exam tomorrow . paige - okay . mazz - yo paige , anytime anywhere beautiful . Mr. paige . nora diniro - oh , miss paige woodward arrive . janie - so rich , so smart . nora - so perfect . murdock - Cheryl , good to see you . you be go to see the principal this morning . Cheryl - can you tell I what this be about . murdock - we will see . Excuse miss creswood . Luis Chavez - yes . nora - check this out . janie - what be it ? nora - it 's this guy . he 's get a pirate radio station . hiss name be happy Harry hardon . he 's a total sex maniac . janie - off course . nora - he come on every night at ten o'clock . happy Harry hardon - okay , down to business . I get my wild cherry diet pepsi and I get my Black Jack gum here and I get that feel , mmm that familiar feel that something rank be go down up there . yeah , I can smell it . I can almost taste it . the rankness in the air . it 's everywhere . it 's run through that old pipeline out there , trickle along the dumb concrete river and come up the drain of that lovely tracktone we all live in . I mean I do not know . everywhere I look it seem everything be sell out . Annie - they say this be where the reception be the coolest . johnathan - then he will probably live right around here . mazz - Fucking yuppy . happy Harry hardon - my dad sell out . and my mom sell out year ago when she have I . and then they sell I out when they bring I to this hole in the world . they make I everything I be today so naturally I hate the bastard . speak of which , I be run a contest on the best way to put they out of they misery . tonight we have number twelve of one hundred thing to do with you body when you be all alone . now be you ready of the incredible sound of happy Harry hardon come on he own face . oh , my god , it 's very possible you know . oh , oh this be a champion one . I be go for it . he 's still grow . this ... yes , happy Harry hardon will go to any language to keep he three listener glue with huwy bluwy to they radio . but the question be . how far will you go ? how far can you go to amaze and discuss the sensational happy Harry hardon . I mean . how serious be you ? I ask you that . dear listener . Mr woodward - hi beautiful . you know I can not figure out how you manage to get such great grade and you listen to that radio all night . you know . tomorrow do not forget Yale interview . and I do not want you to look too sleepy . you know . goodnight sweetheart . happy Harry hardon - I be get a lot of letter here guy . here . dear happy Harry hardon , my boyfriend will not talk to I anymore . how do I show he that I really love he ? look , I do not know anything about this letter ask for love advice . I mean , if I know anything about love I would be out there make it instead of talk to you guy . so just send I stuff to box 20710 , USA mail paradise Hill mess Arizona 84012 . replies guaranty . dear Harry , I think you boring and upknocktius and have a high opinion of yourself . course I be you I will probably think I send this to myself . I think school be okay . if you just look at it right . I like you music , but I really do not see why you can not be cheerful for one second . I tell you since you ask . I just arrive in this stupid suburb . I have no friend , no money , no car , no licence . and even if I do have a licence all I can do be drive out to some stupid mall . maybe if I be lucky play some fuck video game , smoke a joint and get stupid . you see , there 's nothing to do anymore . everything decent be do . all the great theme have be use up . turned into theme park . so I do not really find it cheerful to be live in totally exhaust decade where there be nothing to look forward to and no one to look up to . that be deep . oh no , not again . the creature stir . oh God , I think it be go to be a gusher . this be the sixth time in a hour . oh god ... Annie - he sound like he chronically masturbate . johnathan - he pride himself on it . happy Harry hardon - you see , I take care of it . oh , or else I be go to explode . I just ... Excuse I while I ... while I ... while I ... oh yeah ... oh yeah ... oh yeah , this be the big one . I be gonna explode ... oh , take cover Arizona here I come . mazz - any time now , man . happy Harry hardon - oh God ... oh God ... this be the best . oh God yeah ... free at last , I be beat . I be whipped . it 's quit time . gotta recuperate . mazz - there he go . some time he 's on for five minute , some time he 's on for five hour . that 's my man . marla Hunter - God , I feel so out of touch here . Brian Hunter - we do not move out here to stay in touch . marla Hunter - and why do we move out here ? Brian Hunter - oh , because it 's a nice place to live . I be make good money and I be the youngest school commissioner in the History of Arizona . marla Hunter - Brian , you know what . the man I marry love he work . not power and money . Brian Hunter - that 's all right I still love my work . and I love power and money . marla Hunter - Young radical Brain , you be always fight against the system . and now you be ... Brian Hunter - I be the system , yeah . be that a beer ? Mark Hunter ( happy Harry hardon ) - sure ! marla Hunter - have you notice he behaviour lately ? Brian Hunter - what about he ? marla Hunter - he 's just so unhappy here . Brian Hunter - I will go talk to he . Brian Hunter - hi , what 's up ? Mark - I be just look for some stamp . Brian Hunter - oh fine , I get some right here . send a letter to one of you friend back east ? Mark - no , I think I might send away for a inflatable date . Brian Hunter - you know , one of this day you be go to have to watch yourself young man . Mark - I love it when you call I young man . Brian Hunter - you know when I be you age I be in all the team and a bunch of club . look all I be say be that school must have some really terrific program , it 's very highly rate . Mark - just save it for the mass . Brian Hunter - Mark , they have get twelve hundred student down there . surely some of they have gotta be cool . Mark - look the deal be I get decent grade and you guy leave I alone . janie - okay so who be this guy ? nora - I do not know , nobody know who he be , but he really hate this school so I guess he go here . janie - but all the guy that go here be geek . nora - maybe not my dear ! later janie - later ? Jan emerson - and so then the logi car question the few remain death spur more and more they begin to fade away until there be nothing leave of they and they disappear from the face of the earth .......... hmm , pretty good hey ? lead with you heart , not you mind . I wonder if you would tell we what you be think when you write this ? Mark - I just write it late last night . Jan - that 's obvious it 's practically a night book . Mark , I be hope you would share you feeling about it . save by the bell . do not think if I do not read you composition it will not be read . Mark ! we be look for new writer for the clarion . do not be embarrassed of you talent . class - Morning Mr. murdock murdock - I be not stupid you know . creswood - this school be judge on one category only : academic score . the lesson of modern education be that nothing come easily , no pain , no gain . murdock - Excuse I everyone do you want to listen to this , it 's the third this week . it 's unbelievable . Jan - creswood - Jan ! this be no laugh matter . nora - hi! Mark - hi nora - you be in my write class right . Mark - right . nora - yeah I like emerson ( Jan ) she 's pretty funky . now you be in trouble !.... you owe I twenty five cent ...... " how to talk dirty and influence people " by lenny Bruce . who 's he ?... any good ? Mark - he 's alright . nora - talk a lot . Mark - not to much no . nora - cute , but no way ! happy Harry hardon - guess who ? it 's ten o'clock do you care where you parent be ? after all it 's a jungle out there . I do not know . everywhere I look it seem that someone 's get butt surf by the system . Parents be always talk about the system , and the sixty and how cool it be . well look at where the sixty get they hey ! come on people now smile on you brother everybody together try and love one another right now !!! now that be the sixty , this be a song from the ninety from my buddy the descendant . I hate the sixty , I hate school , I hate principal , I hate vice principle !! but my true pure refine hatred be reserve for guidance councillor . happy Harry just happen to have in he very hand a copy of a memo write by Mr. David deaver , guidance councillor extrordinaire to one miss Loretta creswood , high school principle . " I find Cheryl un - remorseful about she current condition " bastard can not even say she 's knock up . " and she 's unwilling to minimise it 's affect on the moral of the student population . " guidance councillor !!!!! if they know anything about career move would they have end up as guidance councillor ? what do you say we call deaver up hey ? happy Harry hardon just happen to have the home phone number of every employee up at paradise Hills . here we go , there you be Mr. deesky . deaver - deaver residence , David deaver speak . happy Harry hardon - hey this be wkp , we be do a piece on high school . we understand that you a guidance councillor . deaver - I be head of guidance at hubert humphrey High in paradise Hills Arizona . I have be there seven year . happy Harry hardon - can you tell I a bit about what you do . deaver - I run a comprehensive american value program , erm in which we discuss ethical situation , sex education and drug abuse . happy Harry hardon - what do you say to young people who look around at the world and see it 's become , like you know , a sleazy country , a place you just can not trust . like you school for example . why be it , it win all of this award and student be drop out like fly , why .. why be that . now my listener be interested in the decision to expel Cheryl bate . deaver - I , erm , I be not aware of anything like that , I do not know what you be talk about . happy Harry hardon - that be not true sir . " Cheryl refuse to accept suggestion of a more positive mental attitude towards she health and she future . I be afraid I find no alternative , but to suggest suspension . " deaver - who be this ? how do you get this number ? happy Harry hardon - be you go to admit it sir . deaver - admit what ? happy Harry hardon - that you be slime ! deaver - now just wait a minute . happy Harry hardon - you interview a student and then you rat on she , you betray she trust , be not that right Sir ! well as you can see , this guy be play out . Society be mutate so rapidly that anyone over the age of twenty have really no idea .... err alright , back down to business . " I share a room with my older brother and nearly every night after he turn off he light he come over to my bed and give I a few arm nookie and stuff and then make I scratch he back and other refinement " it 's about time we have some refinement on this show . " then sooner or later he get work up and further a do he rub he thing and make I watch . " sign " I be just screw up " well first of all you be not screw up , you a unscrewe up reaction to a screw up situation . feeling screw up at a screw up time , in a screw up place do not make you necessarily screw up , if you catch my drift . well as you know dear listener if you enclose you number a reply be guarantee . miss screw up - hello happy Harry hardon - this be happy Harry hardon , you live . be this miss screw up . miss screw up - yes happy Harry hardon - well I have a couple of question . how big be it , this thing you describe ? be it bigger than a baby 's arm ..... what you do not remember or you do not want to tell I ?.... or maybe you make this whole thing up hey ? remember my dear I can smell a lie like a fart in a car . well it 's too bad about that one actually , to I the real truth be always a bigger turn on . it do not have to be a big deal , it could be anything . Mrs kaiser - malcolm have you finish you homework yet ? malcolm - yes . Mrs kaiser - you father and I be downstairs , why do not you come and join we for once . malcolm - no. Mrs kaiser - okay malcolm have it you way . malcolm - thanks . happy Harry hardon - send I you most pathetic moment , you most anything , as long as it 's real . I mean I want the size , the shape , the feel , the smell . I want blood sweat and tear on this letter . I want brain and ectoplasm and cum spill all over they . hallelujah ! and now , all my horny listener , get one hand free because yes , the eat I beat I lady be back . " come in . every night you enter I like a criminal . you break into my brain , but you be no ordinary criminal . you put you foot up , you drink you can of pepsi , you start to party , you turn up my stereo . song I have never hear , but I move anyway . you get I crazy , I say ' do it . ' I do not care just do it . jam I , jack I , push I , pull I - talk hard ! " ............ I like that . talk hard . I like the idea that a voice can just go somewhere uninvite and just kind of hang out like a dirty think in a nice clean mind . to I a think be like a virus . you know , it can just kill all the healthy thought and just take over . that would be serious . nora - that would be totally serious . happy Harry hardon - I know all of my horny listener would love it if I would call up the eat I beat I lady . but no ! because she never enclose she number . nora - tough look creepoid . happy Harry hardon - always the same red paper , the same beautiful black write . she 's probably a lot like I , a legend in she own mind . but you know what , I bet in real life she 's probably not that wild . I bet she 's kind of shy like so many of we who briskly walk the hall , pretend to be late for some class , pretend to be distract . hey poetry lady , be you really this cool ? be you out there ? be you listen ? nora - I be always out here . happy Harry hardon - I feel like I know you , and yet we will never meet . ah so be it ... now here 's a song from my close personal buddy the beastie boy . a song that be so controversial they could not put it on they second album . what about a little night light . happy Harry hardon - I just love be the rap king of Arizona . I do not know drug be out , sex be out , politics be out , everything be on hold . I mean we definitely need something know . we just keep wait for some new voice to come out of somewhere and say " hey wait a minute , what be wrong with this picture . " well maybe this be the answer to everything , would not that be nice hey . " dear happy Harry hardon do you think I should kill myself " great ! sign " I be serious " and of course there be a number here . hello serious ? malcolm - yeah happy Harry hardon - be you okay ? malcolm - yep happy Harry hardon - I guess what I be ask be how serious be you , well how be you go to do it ? malcolm - I be gonna blow my fuck head off . happy Harry hardon - o! well do you have a gun . malcolm - no I be go to use my finger genius . happy Harry hardon - alright . so where be this gonna take place hey ? malcolm - right here . happy Harry hardon - where be this alleged gun ? do you have it with you ? do you at least write a note ? you have a reason do not you ? you not go to be one of that people who kill themselves and nobody have any idea of why they do it ? hey that 's why we need a note pal ! malcolm - I be all alone . happy Harry hardon - no , hey , maybe it 's okay to be alone sometimes , everybody 's alone . malcolm - you be not . happy Harry hardon - I do not talk to one person today , not .. not count teacher . I sit alone everyday you know , sit on the stairwell eat my lunch , read a book . what about you ? I hate that , now I be depressed . now I feel like kill myself , but I be too depressed to bother . great ! he 's get the phone of the hook . rejected again , that 's okay I be use to it , terminal loneliness ....... people always think they no who a person be but they be always wrong . most parent have no idea . it 's just that mine have I test because I sit alone in my room alone , naked , wear only a cock ring , heh heh ! I mean it really bug I , everyone know what a person should be , who care who I should be ! you know , in real life I could be that anonymous nerd sit across from you in chem . Lab , stare at you so hard , you turn around , he try to smile , but the smile just come out all wrong . you just think how pathetic , then he just look away and never look back at you again . well hey , who care , that 's my motto . well sleep tight Cheryl , sleep tight miss refinement , sleep tight poetry Lady , sleep tight Mr serious , maybe you will feel better tomorrow . Jamie - hey what 's a cock ring , it sound cool . Alex - how should I know , maybe it 's a ring with a cock on it . Jamie - but he say he be wear . Mark - hi paige - hi . murdock - you know people this dance be a privilege and it will be take away if it 's abuse , do you understand that ? nora - hi , get a stick of gum . Black Jack !... you really as horny as a ten peckerd house ?..... hi my name nora , what 's yours ? Mark - Mark . nora - Mark ! well hi Mark . Mark - hi. nora - listen , I be gonna cut fourth period , do you wanna join I for a smoke in the art clay room . Mark - er , no , I can not , get to go , sorry . nora - sorry ! murdock - this dam tape keep cropping up all over the place , they be play this in the alcove . Mr. Moore - who be this guy anyway , everyday there 's more graffiti . Mr. stern - I do not know , but he 's turn the school upside down . Jan - have anybody see Luis Chavez he be not in my class today . Mr. stern - mine either . creswood - turn that off , I have get a announcement to make . Jan - I have some very upsetting news . last night one of we student , malcolm kaiser take he own life , for that of you who know he , there will be a memorial service at Dempsey hill on Friday . I know it hurt , it 's painful to lose someone . Mark ( read silently ) - " you be the voice cry out in the wilderness , you the voice that make my brain burn and make my gut go gooey . yeah you gut I , my inside spill on you alter and tell the future , my steaming gleam gut spill out you nature . I know you , not you name , but you game . I know the true you , come to I or I will come to you . " nora - so you be he ! do not worry I be not go to bust you or anything ... be not you go to ask who I be ? Mark - I do not think so , no ! nora - I be the eat I beat I lady ! so you do not believe I . " I know you , not you name , but you game . I know the true you , come to I or I will come to you . " hey relax , I be not really like that , except when I be . Mark - look it 's not you fault . I be listen last night . I do not think he would go through with it . marla - Mark , we hear about malcolm kaiser , we know . Brian - we be just wonder if you know he ? Mark - no not really . Brian - Mark , I be go to ask you something . you mother and I have be talk and I guess we realise ... marla - Mark , basically we think you might benefit from see a psychiatrist . Mark - be it that obvious . marla - no honey of course not . we think you be perfect , it 's just that you seem so sad and lonely all the time . Brian - and we just want you to feel good about you self . marla - you have friend in New York hun . Brian - have you ever try to meet people here at all ? marla - have you ever just walk up to a girl here and say ' hi ' ? Mark ( try to make a exit ) - look the girl here , there different , I can not talk to they ! marla - how be they different ? Brian - I be take to you English teacher today . Mark - c'mon dad please ! it 's creepy enough around there without you snooping around . Brian - and she say you have get a great promise as a writer , but that you be have trouble concentrate . Mark - so when be johnny gonna concentrate , get happy , get a girl friend and then write a best seller ? Brian - Fine ! you do not listen , you do not talk to I , you do not talk to anyone , you hate everything . Mark - I can not talk to you people and I certainly aint gonna see a shrink . Brian - listen Mark ! everyone 's get problem , not just you , but you aint gonna solve they if you do not communicate they . marla - okay ! he 's go back down stair . Shep sheppard - and so family and friend of malcolm kaiser sadly come and go into the night even as phantom dj happy Harry hardon prepare to broadcast anonymously from somewhere in this formerly peaceful community . this be Shep sheppard report live from paradise Hills , Arizona . back to you Bill . Mark - yeah back to you . happy Harry hardon - you see I never plan it like this . my dumb dad get I this short wave radio set so I could just speak to my friend back east , but I could not reach anybody , I think I be talk to nobody . I imagine that nobody listen . maybe I imagine one person out there , anyway one day I wake up and I realise I be never go to be normal and so I say fuck it , I say so be it and happy Harry hardon be bear . I never mean to hurt anyone , honestly I never mean to hurt anyone . I be sorry malcolm . I never say " do not do it " I be sorry . erm anyway I be do , stick a fork in I it 's be grand . this be happy Harry hardon say sionara , over and out . nora - come on you can not do this . paige - this be a joke right ? mazz - c'mon Harry baby , do not stiff . Mark - what be I do . fuck it ! happy Harry hardon - you hear about some kid who do something stupid , something desperate . what possess he . how could he do such a terrible thing . it 's really quite simple actually . consider the life of a teenager . you have parent , teacher tell you what to do . you have movie , magazine , and tv tell you what to do . but you know what you have to do . you job , you purpose , be to get accept , get a cute girl friend , and think up something great to do with the rest of you life . what if you be confuse and can not imagine a career ? what if you be funny look and you can not get a girl friend ? you see no one want to hear it , but the terrible secret be that be young be sometimes less fun than be dead . Shep sheppard - this be great he 's make it worse . happy Harry hardon - suicide be wrong , but the interesting thing about it be how uncomplicate it seem . there you be , you get all this problem swarm around you brain , and here be one simple , one incredibly simple solution . I be just surprised it do not happen every day around here . no now they be go to say I say off yourself be simple , but no , no , no , no , it 's not simple . it 's like everything else you have to read the fine print . for instance , assume there be a heaven who would ever wanna go there , you know . I mean think about it , sit on this cloud , you know it 's nice , it 's quiet , there 's no teacher , there 's no parent , but guess what ? there 's nothing to do . Fucking boring . another thing to remember about suicide be that it be not a pretty picture . first of all , you shit you short you know . so there you be dead , people be weep over you , cry , girl you never speak to be say , " why ? why ? why ? " and you have a load in you short . that 's the way I see it . Sue I . now , they be say I should not think stuff like this . they be say something be wrong with I , that I should be ashamed . well , I be sick of be ashamed . be not you ? nora - sick to death ! happy Harry hardon - I do not mind be deject and reject , but I be not go to be ashamed about it . nora - alleuelya happy Harry hardon - at least pain be real . you look around and you see nothing be real , but the pain be real . you know , even this show be not real . this be not I ; I be use a voice disguiser . I be a phoney fuck just like my dad , just like anybody . you see , the real I be just as worried as the rest of you . they say I be disturb , well of course I be disturb . I mean we be all disturb , and if we be not , why not ? do not this blend of blindness and blandness want to make you do something crazy ? then why not do something crazy ? it make a hell of a lot of sense than blow you fuck brain out you know . go nut , go crazy , get creative ! you get problem ? you just chuck'em , nuke them ! they think you be moody ? make them think you be crazy , make them think you might snap ! they think you get attitude ? you show them some real attitude ! come on , go nut , get crazy . hey no more Mr. Nice guy. ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh , oh god !! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh , oh yes . time out ! this be good , this be really very interesting . Chris - hello happy Harry hardon - hi it 's I you be on the air . be you willing to tell my listener what you tell I here in this letter ? do you think they be ready to handle it . Chris - I be not ashamed . happy Harry hardon - so tell we what happen . Chris - this guy I know , he invite I up to the ridge and I be not really sure why , but I be really happy because he 's a pretty cool guy , he 's a athlete and everything . happy Harry hardon - first of all where be this and how old be you . Chris - it be just before school . I be sixteen . happy Harry hardon - go ahead . Chris - so we get up there , we take we shirt off and we start fool around and then I seek of tell he how much I like he , he just smile and say he know it . but then , he say why do not we take we pants off and get a tan , so I do it , but he stall . happy Harry hardon - go ahead . Chris - then two of he friend show up and they be drink beer and laugh and they take my clothes and throw they up in the tree . I do not know what to do . I start to cry but they just laugh at I so I stop and they just start call I thing . I do not even care about that . I know I be into guy , but this be different . happy Harry hardon - so what do you do ? Chris - everything , everything they tell I . deaver - I be call the police . fraud ! pornography ! he 's just use this poor kid . Police dispatcher - that 's the thirteenth call tonight . Police Officer - sound like the kid bull shitting to I . detective # 1 - I do not know , this thing happen when you be a kid , you swallow it denny ? detective denny - I think you be forget what it 's like when you be young . Shep 's boss - c'mon Shep . they get this kid to call in with this story they have concoct , this be not real . Shep sheppard - who care if it 's real ? people be rivete . detective denny - no ! if people be re-broadcasting this stuff over state line , I think it 's time to call in the fed . this be f.c.c. juristiction . Chris - I feel bad that I do not even do anything . now he wont even talk to I , he wont even look at I . I be pretty confuse ! happy Harry hardon - confused ! you be not the one who be confuse . you sound like you know exactly what 's go on . if any one confuse it 's that guy out there . Chris - I know , but I think about he a lot . I sometimes wonder why one person be bear one way and another person be bear another way ..... be you there ? happy Harry hardon - yes , yes ! Chris - so I guess you think I be a faggot wimp hey ? happy Harry hardon - no ! I be just think how strong people can be and how everyone be alike in some way , how everyone need the same thing . Chris - so what be we go to do about this . happy Harry hardon - I do not know . that 's the big question be not it hey ? Chris - I guess nobody know hah . well that 's tough , I get to go , se ya . happy Harry hardon - I guess we all get to go now . good night pal , good night friend . nora - " believe it or not I Care : 8:30 - 3:30 . " what 's that . janie - some new hot line deaver 's set up . nora - hey it 's like 8:30 in the morning so it 's alright to kill myself ! janie - oh my god it 's after 3:00 so I be totally fuck . nora - hi! janie - what be you do ........ tramp ! nora - bitch ! creswood - how 's he get all this information ? I want all the lock in the school change . I want a list of every student with relative on the staff . murdock - Excuse I . I just find the graffiti on the roof of the cafeteria , they be take it down now . creswood - what 's it say ? murdock - " creswood 's a maggot puss wad . " Donald - nobody know who he be . creswood - we do not believe you Donald . Donald - I swear to you , nobody 's get a idea . murdock - well you have get to the end of the day to get a idea . do not forget , you file be under review . creswood - you better bring all you enrolment file here to my office . Doug - so what do they do to you ? joey - hey ! you Donald ? Donald - yeah joey - hi! I be joey can you get I into the p.a . creswood - that 's the end of the music in the alcove and from now on any find deface of school property will be expell . creswood - what 's happen ? what 's go on ? murdock - it 's Mr deaver ! Mr Moore - it wont stop , they be in the speaker system . creswood - shut it off , shut off the whole system . Mr Moore - we can not ! creswood - shut down the whole school ! mazz - hey you ! check it out , you be the tv guy right ? hey you want to interview I , hey because I listen the first night he be on , I be like a mate of he . I use to go here , but they chuck I out for no reason you know . hey check it out , school colour you know , instant prep rally . Jesus the smog 's get worse and worse in this town . Shep sheppard - this be Shep sheppard report live from deep in the smoke at humphrey High . murdock - sit down . mazz - so anybody mind if I smoke ? creswood - you do understand that you be expell Mr mazzilli ? mazz - that 's cool . creswood - I can quite legally expel you . mazz - yo! Loretta , I be already expell . do not you remember ? you boot I out the first week for dress code . creswood - you be trespasp . how would you like to be arrest . mazz - well that 's cool too , ' cos I tell they camera to wait . I have get a lot to tell they you know . creswood - and who 's go to believe you , tell I who 's go to believe you ? mazz - maybe Harry would . nora - it 's cool , it 's safe . guess what I hear ? Mark - what ? nora - that tall snob paige woodward , she burn up all she shit last night right after you suggest it , in she kitchen ! oh she precious pearl be fly like bullet , she dad be un - thrilled . Mark - this be out of control . nora - yeess ! Mark - that 's it , it 's over . I just hope it be not too late . nora - Mark ! Mark - just leave I alone okay , please ! reporter # 2 - be that box register to any name ? postal clerk - yes of course that box be register to a name , but I can not give it out to you . detective denny - but you can to I . postal clerk - yes sir I can give it to you . I will give it to you instantly . that box be register to a Mr. Charles U. farely , 112 Crescent . reporter # 2 - but that 's the address of the school . detective denny - Chuck you farely , ha ha . marla - be you okay Mark ? Mark - do not worry mum . I be not go to blow up the kitchen . marla - very funny darling . Brian - listen to this . Mark have you ever even listen to this character . Mark - no , not exactly listen . Brain - well he 's knock the best school in the district and apparently he go there . Mark - dad it 's not exactly the best school in the district . there be some problem with it . Brian - you do not rock the boat especially when you be sit in it . any way we should get go , I do not want to be late . marla ! - c'mon Mark it 's you father big meeting . creswood - good evening on be half of myself and the staff at hubert humphrey High I wish to thank you for turn out in such number , I congratulate you on you concern . now before we begin I would like to introduce we new school commissioner , fresh from several educational triumph on the east coast , Brian Hunter . before I introduce the rest of we speaker for this evening . pta . parent # 1 - Excuse I Mrs creswood , can we just skip the preliminary and find out what you be do about all this . creswood - well when I introduce Mr deaver he will talk about we twenty four hour hot line . pta . parent # 1 - wait a minute , the kid who need the most help like that with drug problem , they do not go in for all that . pta . parent # 2 - I know kid . I mean they just wanna be happy . pta . parent # 3 - frankly , this radio person be the whole problem . be we go to allow this guy to be hear by anyone who turn a dial . pta . parent # 4 - I work with teenage gang in the city I say we go after this guy . paige - my name be paige woodward and I have something to say to you people . people be say that Harry be introduce bad thing and encourage bad thing . but it seem to I that this thing be already here . my god why do not you people listen ? he 's try to tell you something be wrong with this school . half the people that be here be on a probation of some kind . we be all really scared to be who we really be . I be not perfect . I have just be go through the motion of be perfect , and inside I be scream . creswood - paige , you be a model student . reporter # 2 - do you know who he be ? be you prepare to do anything he say ? paige - can you hear I ? do not listen to they , do not listen to any of they , stay on , stay hard ! reporter # 2 - be you on drug ? paige - arrrgh . talk hard . arrrrrgh . Mark - I have get a lot of homework I be gonna take off alright . marla - Mark I know why you really go home . it 's because you wanna listen to that show tonight do not you ? nora - hi ! what be you do ? you have fun ? Mark - yeah . nora - hey , look I take some of this off the wall for you . I mistakingly think you might want they . Mark - thanks . nora - so I guess you be not go on tonight . Mark - brilliant . nora - be this all just a game to you . you know you can not just shout fire in a theatre and walk out . you have a responsibility for the people who believe in you . what be this ? c'mon say something , say anything . open you mouth and say get the hell out of here bitch . Mark - I can not . nora - you can not what ? Mark - I can not talk . nora - sure you can talk . Mark - I can not talk to you . happy Harry hardon - I get a letter from this guy who 's get a problem , he can not talk . I mean he can talk , but never when he want to , not to girl , not to people . Brian - I can not believe it 's as bad as they say . happy Harry hardon - he just open up he mouth and nothing come out . and this jerk find somebody that he like , which be probably the worst thing to happen to a person who can not talk . so I do not know what to tell this guy because lately every time I give out advice the fit hit the shan . so I do not know , maybe the best thing to do be just turn around and face the music and try to talk . marla - Mark ! Mark - come . marla - Mark it 's just we . I wanna come in for a minute . Mark - yeah , just give I a second here , two second . Brian - Mark unlock the door . marla - Mark can you hear we ? Mark - yes , yes . marla - we wanna come in . Brian - open the god dam door . Mark - on my way . Brian - you mother and I have be out there for two minute , what the hell be you do in there . Mark - I be just read . marla - oh c'mon Mark we hear you , we hear you talk . Mark - I be read aloud . Brian - oh c'mon do you really expect we to believe that ? Mark - okay I will tell you the truth . nora - he be talk to I . hi I be nora diniro . marla - Nice to meet you , how do you do . nora - I be afraid you would be mad at I for disturbing Mark 's homework . marla - you do not know how happy we be to meet you . nora - listen I get to go , but it be really nice to have meet you , bye Mark . marla - no , you do not have to go . Mark she do not have to go . nora - bye now , see you tomorrow . Brian - you have be a bad dog have not you . you know for a second there we though you be that crazy dj character . Mark - maybe he 's not that crazy dad . Brian - right ! very funny . go get she , go on . that 's my idea of home work . marla - yeah . happy Harry hardon - sorry about that folk , technical difficulty . let see who we have out there tonight hey . the usual band of teenage malcotet . I certainly hope so , because happy Harry hardon be feel kind of rude tonight . Brian - that little leech . marla - like father , like son . happy Harry hardon - oh I feel good , dam well , well , well , well . the big news ! the emergency pta meeting to discuss you truly . yes all the professional have come out to talk about little old I and now they have all run home to tune in and listen to what they have all be talk about . they say that I be dillusion , dement , derange and so guess what I say , so be it ! I say rise up in the cafeteria and stab they with you plastic fork . I say flog and flactuance for Mrs creswood , she get a hundred lash for every kid she 's hound out of that fuck place . I say down with all guidance councillor , make they work for a live . I can not stay away from this man . oh I get to give he another call . here I come deave . Police dispatcher - hot line . believe it or not we care . happy Harry hardon - believe it or not this be happy Harry hardon and I would like the pleasure of speak to Mr deaver . Police dispatcher - just a moment , I will see if he 's available . happy Harry hardon - I love it , the bitch be put I on hold . I be wait for you . you can run , but you can not hide Mr deaver . wait for the deave . deaver - hello my young friend . happy Harry hardon - you be in on it right Mr deaver . deaver - it 's all over son this phone call have be trace and who ever you be , you History . happy Harry hardon - well , so be it , alleuelya . mazz - do not just sit there man , run ! happy Harry hardon - do not worry about I , I be alright . you see I bet what 's happen out there be that the police be busting some old couple who have be un - knowingly supplying I with my phone fee . I be everywhere . I be inside each and every single one of you . just look in and I will be there wave out at yeah , naked wear only a cock ring , heh , heh . wow , time fly when you be on the run . I be gonna cut out now with this unusual song I be dedicate to a unusual person who make I feel kind of unusual . nora - it 's okay you do not have to talk , you do not have to say anything and you do not have to do anything , unless you want to . Mark - you be so different . I mean you so fearless . I wish I could be like you . nora - you be . Mark - I wish I could say thing to you . nora - you do . Mark - everything 's so strange . nora - yeah . Mark - maybe we be just crazy . nora - so be it . nora - it 's the cop ! Mark - it 's okay . I think they be just drop in on my neighbour . nora - so be you really wear a cock ring . Mark - I have never even see one . nora - oh yeah . Mark - yeah , I read about they in a magazine . nora - maybe I do not believe you . Mark - I swear , what be you do . I have neighbour , stop ! nora - so you can talk when you want to . Mark - yes I can . nora - maybe we should pause first stage personal identification . I get to go . Shep sheppard - it 's be three day since the death of malcolm kaiser and state and local official have still little idea of the identity of this so call happy Harry hardon or though many be convinced he be a student at this school . nora - hi. Mark - be you okay . nora - yeah , be you . Mark - yeah . nora - this be deep you message be out there . " the Truth be a virus " Mark - oh God ! Jesus , this whole thing be make I ill . nora - Mark what be with you . Mark - look nora last night be a mistake , I be not go on any more , it 's over . nora - but you so close . Mark - Close to what . nora - to get you message across . Mark - this be my life you be screwing around with here you know . nora - not any more it be not , this be everyone 's life . Mark you can not leave it like this , people be confuse . Mark - so be i. nora - Mark ! Mark - the thing fuck up , it 's crazy ! nora - no , no the world be fuck up just like you say . do not you see that you be the voice , you be the voice we be all wait for . Mark - you be completely nut . nora - yeah , well you make I nut . creswood - no Brian everything be under control . I have just order psychiatric evaluation on a couple of the key trouble maker . I can do what ever I like , it 's my school , commissioner . no you be not come over here , you will only upset I more good bye ! well shall we have a look at this file , or shall we discuss the identity of we dj friend . murdock - do not push I people , you understand that . Cheryl - they get force to take I back . murdock - where be you go ? mazz - I be put this up . murdock - you be not put anything up . you be not suppose to be here . mazz - hey , hey ! murdock you be get so touchy . murdock - you not suppose to be here . Jan - stop , that 's enough . what 's wrong with you ? he be beat a student . what 's wrong with this school ? creswood - Control yourself . Jan - I will not . I want answer . creswood - or suffer the consequence . Jan - what be you talk about . creswood - I be talk about you dismissal . Mark - nora , I have be look all over for you . I just want to apologise for say you be nut . nora - forget it . look f.c.c. you know what that mean . Mark - yeah , it mean Federal communication Commission . they can drive around and triangulate where ever the hell a radio signal come from . I know exactly what it mean . nora - yeah , so fuck it right . I mean it 's over . frankly I do not even give a shit . Mark - what the hell be wrong . nora - I just get expell . Mark - what the hell be you talk about . nora - I be fail math . Mark - they can not kick you out for that . nora - I have be cut lesson . Mark - well that just deserve a suspension right . nora - well then I say " fuck you " to creswood . you should have see she face , she be so happy she say " thank you " Mark - this school suck . Jesus Christ ! nora - this be why I do not even care anymore . look just leave it alone . there 's nothing you can do about it . Jan - Hunter ! Hunter wait a minute . I just want to say good bye and good luck . Mark - why ? Jan - I be fire , I make a mistake . I think I could change thing , I forget you do not rock the boat . Mark - yeah especially when you be in it . Jan - hey , chin up . Brian - Loretta what the hell be go on here . creswood - it 's the trouble maker , you can not run a top school with trouble maker in the mix . Brian - okay , so what exactly be a trouble maker . creswood - someone who have no interest in education . Brian - oh c'mon that include every teenager I know . creswood - can not you understand that nothing be more important than a good education . Brian - except for the basic right to it . creswood - the point be I have the high s.a.t. score in the state . Brian - yeah but how . creswood - I stand by my record . Shep sheppard - Mr. watt , Shep sheppard Channel six news here . watt - good evening . Shep sheppard - how do Washington intend to deal with this situation . watt - we at the f.c.c. feel that democracy be about protect the rights of the ordinary citizen . un-regulate radio would result in programming of the lowest common denominator , the rule of the mob . this be vandalism , not free expression . mazz - okay everybody , ten second to happy Harry hardon . ten , nine , eight , seven , six , five , four , three , two , one . harrrrrry ! c'mon we be right here wait for you right now . Mark - hi. nora - hi. Mark - be you okay ? nora - yeah , fine , great , never be better . Mark - we start something here . nora - we ! Mark - alright I start , but now I need you help to finish it . nora I need you . nora - well it 's about time . Mark - I have get something to show you . nora - be it bigger than a baby 's arm . Mark - no it 's outside . nora - oh wow . Mark - it 's my mum jeep she kind of loan it to I . nora - who do all this ? Mark - I and radio shack . you have drive a jeep before right ? Mr. watt - personally I hope we get to hear from he a little bit before they nab he it will be interesting to see how hard he be then . happy Harry hardon - hello dad we be go to jail . nora - say hi to Mom . happy Harry hardon - hi folk ! it seem we have a new listener tonight . Mr watt of the f.c.c . hi Arthur thanks for come out . watt - well thank you for come out . happy Harry hardon - imagine a fuck political hag be in charge of free speech in America . I bet watt be the guy who take name at high school when the teacher be absent . watt - this be the problem with free speech . would you cut that thing , cut it off . would you just turn the dam thing off . he 's obviously move just pull everything over on wheel . happy Harry hardon - welcome to radio free America . America 's ready , I be ready . I want a million voice cry out in the wilderness . Jesus let 's get serious . maybe Mr. watt can shed some light no the mysterious disappearance of some of we student . Luis Chavez age fifteen , legally kick out on September 26th . Arthur Washington age sixteen , expell September 27th . creswood - so what do this prove , not everyone go to college . murdock - right . Jan - Mr. Hunter I think you should be aware of something . after the school receive the money from the government for every enrol student , Mrs creswood would then proceed to weed out that she feel be undesirable . creswood - nonsense she do not know what she 's talk about . Jan - in the first week you flagge all the pupil with low s.a.t. score and start file on they . why ? creswood - what be you do with school property ? Brian - she ask you why . Jan - for extra tutoring . Brian - you expell over twenty student in the first thirty day of school . Jan - and how many other do you harass into drop out . Brian - and you keep the expell student name on the roll that 's illegal . creswood - the money go to the school , it be all for the good of the school . Jan - that kid have rights . creswood - they be loser . murdock - trouble maker . deaver - they be just kid . creswood - I do not regret my policy . Brian - it 's criminal and I be suspending you . creswood - you can not do that . Brian - oh I be afraid I just do . Mark - oh Jesus my harmoniser . nora - forget it , hold on I have get to get we out off here . Mark - I need that to disguise my voice . nora - well give I a minute maybe we can fix it . Mark - Jesus look at this . fuck it , I be go on with out it . nora - no , I think I get it . Mark - okay this be really I now , no more hide . listen we be all worried , we be all in pain , that just come with have eye with have ear , but just remember one thing it can not get any worse , it can only get better . I mean high school be the bottom . be a teenager suck , but that 's the point , survive it be the whole point . quitting be not go to make you strong , live will . so just hang on and hang in there . you know I know all about the hat and the sneering , I be a member of the why bother generation myself . but why do I bother come out here tonight and why do you ? I mean it 's time , it begin with we not with politician , the expert of the teacher , but with we , with you and with I , the one who need it most . I believe with everything that 's in I that the whole world be begging for heal , even the tree and the earth its self be cry out for it , you can hear it everywhere . it 's the same kind of heal I desperately need and finally feel have begin with you . everyone mix it up , it 's not game over yet , it 's just the beginning , but it 's up to you . I be call for every kid to seize the air . steal it , it belong to you . speak out , they can not stop you . find you voice and use it . keep this go . pick a name , go on air . it 's you life , take charge of it . do it , try it , try anything . spill you gut out and say shit and fuck a million time if you want to , but you decide . fill the air , steal it . keep the air alive ...................... .. ...................................................... talk hard !!!! the above dialogue be from the movie " Pump up the volume " ( c ) 1990 New line cinema . and be rewritten without permission . originally written by allan moyle extracted from the film by Martin eave