punch-drunk love by Paul Thomas Anderson < !-- /* break-out-of-frames script by website abstraction ( http://wsabstract.com) over 400 + free script here ! above notice must stay entact for use */ if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href / / --> punch-drunk love by Paul Thomas Anderson logo presentation card with white , red , blue , blue- green background , then : CUT to : int . warehouse - early morning camera ( steadicam ) hold on a man in a suit , sit behind a desk , on the phone : barry egan ( Adam sandler ) barry ...yes I be still on hold ... operator and what be this ? barry I be look at you advertisement for the airline promotion and giveaway ? operator this be " fly with we ? " barry it 's hard to understand because it say in addition to but I can not exactly understand in addition to what because there 's actually nothing to add it too ... operator I think that 's a type -o then , that would be a mistake . barry so , just to clarify , I be sorry : ten purchase of any of you healthy Choice product equal five hundred mile and then with the coupon the same purchase would value one thousand mile -- operator that 's it . barry do you realize that the monetary value of this promotion and the prize be potentially worth more than the purchase ? operator I do not know ... I mean : I do not know . oc distant SOUND of a car skidding to a stop , some vague , distant scream be heard ... then silence . Barry hear this , get distract , then back to the phone call ; barry can I call you back if I have any further question ...? can I get you extension ? operator it 's extension 215 if you want to try I back . barry ok . thank you . he hang up the phone and walk through he warehouse . it 's fairly non-descript place , box material , etc . product seem to be mainly silly novelty ( pen that light up , key chain , novelty toilet plunger , etc ) he lift a loading door and light pour inside , washes out the frame .... he 's silhouette .... camera follow he out ... stay overexpose and over he shoulder as he look down towards the street ..... ...his business be situate at the end of a common driveway , share with a few other nondescript place and a Auto mechanic .... distant SOUND of a car speed and skidding .... .... hold , then : ....a jeep cherokee come flipping into frame , far off at the mouth of the alley , on the street . the jeep end up landing right side up .... hold .... ..... Barry flinch a little , stare ..... the jeep sit idle for a moment .... then it drive off .... then : a speed , small toyota come into view at the mouth of the alley , screeching to a halt . the passenger side door open and a small , wooden harmonium ( like a portable organ ) be place on the ground . the toyota speed away ..... .... a moment or two later another non - descript car fly past very fast .... beat . Barry squint , look at the small harmonium sit alone in the middle of the street . he hesitates , look around , hold , then walk back inside he warehouse . CUT to : int . barry warehouse - that moment Barry on the phone again ; barry .... I be not exactly sure what that mean ... voice if they break or something . what be it , plastic ? barry it 's a plastic , yeah . voice right . alright , lemme call you first thing tomorrow , I be gonna run the number , see what 's what and I will give you a call back -- barry do you have my home phone number ? voice for what ? barry if you want to call I back I could ... voice I be fine , I have you work number . barry ok ... because of the time difference if you need to call I early ? voice it 's fine . I can just get you at you office . barry ok . voice ok , bye , bye . barry bye . he hang up the phone and walk outside , camera follow he again , out to the alley , over he shoulder ...... he look down the length of the alley at the harmonium . hold , then : a small ford escort pull into the driveway , around the harmonium , park ...... a young woman name lena leonard ( Emily Watson ) exit the car and start to walk down the length of the alley towards he ..... camera stay over he shoulder and turn into a profile 2 - shot ; lena hi . do you work at the mechanic ? barry no . lena they be not open yet ? barry they do not get open until eight . beat . Barry gently step back and out of the frame . lena be it ok if I leave my car you think ? barry I do not know . lena I think they open at seven . ( beat ) if I leave my car would it be ok ? barry I do not know . lena do you know they . barry not very well . lena can I ask you , can I trust to leave my key with you and give they to you so that when they get here you could give they to they ? barry ok . lena you think it 's ok where I leave it , right there ? barry I think that will be fine . lena hand he she key , he step back into frame , then : lena there 's a piano in the street . barry yeah . beat . lena ok . maybe I will see you later . thank you for you help . barry thank you . lena maybe I will see you later , when I pick up my car ? barry ok . she walk away .... he start back inside the warehouse , hesitates , watch she go ..... right before she reach the end of the alley , she glance back quickly , over she shoulder .... he dodge inside real quick ..... hold the empty frame ...... then he step back out ..... look off at the harmonium ..... and the empty street ..... he look around some more .... then he make the long walk down the street . on the STREET . Barry stare at the harmonium a little bit , look around , both way , then casually pick it up and walk back towards he business ..... he bring it into he office and place it on he desk . he try a few key .... press down ... there 's no sound . he press he hand on the foot pedal and press a key and a small note be make ..... beat .... he do it again .... and hold the note ..... CUT to black . int . warehouse - office - early morning Barry enter the warehouse with harmonium and run into he office . he place it on the desk and hit a key : no sound . Barry go to he knee and unlatch the bellow . he pump the bellow , reach up , press a note , and another ... then stand up into cu . and press the 5 note melody ...... suddenly : the SOUND of the pod BAY door sliding .... .... Barry spin around , scared shitless , see : lance , who enter the warehouse , Barry rush out to greet he ; lance hey , good morning , Barry . barry hey ... lance ....can I ..... lance you ok ? barry yes I be fine . lance why you wearin ' a suit ? barry um .... I buy one . I think maybe it would be nice to get dress for work , can I show you something ? lance yeah ..... you get here early huh ? barry ....yes ..... they enter into the office , lance see the harmonium ; lance what be this ? barry I do not know . I think it 's a piano .... a small piano . lance that 's not a piano ..... I have a piano at home ..... where would you get it ? lance walk around behind the harmonium .... leave Barry alone .... towards the warehouse ...... he start to back up a little ..... barry well ..... it be drop on the street ..... sal , ernesto and Rico all start to come into work behind Barry ..... he see they : camera push in on Barry .... lance ( oc ) why be it here ? Barry .... Barry ? barry ... it just .... I do not know .... I do not know . land in cu . on barry . CUT to black . title card punch -drunk Love Movie ( maybe color bloom / overture here ) int . warehouse / MAIN area - day camera push in slow as Barry and lance talk to two customer about the plunger which be on display in front of they . they speak all over each other do shop talk , etc ; customer you do guarantee sale ? etc . barry we back we plunger 100 % and we do ask for a 30 to 60 day display on the floor ..... in the b.g. , rico over the laud speaker say : rico Barry , you sister 's on line one . Barry do not move .... barry yes ..... we do ask for ....30 to 60 day .... customer I think you have a call ? Rico turn around , without loudspeaker ; rico Barry , you sister be on line one . they look at he a moment .... barry I be just gonna grab this call real quick ? angle , reverse . Barry turn and head for the phone nearby at Rico 's station ; barry ( into phone ) ..... this be Barry . rhonda hey it 's I , it 's Rhonda . be you come to the party tonight ? barry hi , Rhonda , yes I be . rhonda bye . she hang up . barry ok . yes I will see you tonight . Barry take a few step back to the customer : barry sorry about that : one thing I want to point out , Dave , be that we have just receive a large order from the Rio Hotel and casino in Las Vegas where we be go to be supplying they hotel room with the dice and money plunger , so this baby be really move well right now ... rico ( over loudspeaker ) Barry , you sister 's on line two . Barry , you sister 's on line two . Barry try again to ignore it .... barry with the aqua blast whale and speed boat we be gonna ask for a display at eye level for the little kid ..... rico Barry -- barry -- excuse I . Barry walk back to the phone ; barry this be Barry . karen hey it 's I , what be you do ? barry hello , Karen . I be just work . karen yeah but what be you do ? barry I be just work .... I have some customer here ..... karen so you can not talk to I ? barry I have a few people here , I can not really chat right now . karen " chat ? " do you just say " chat ? " barry well , I can not talk though -- karen you just fuck say " chat , " that be so -- what be you now ? " chat . " I be just call to make sure you show up at this party tonight . barry yes , I will be there . karen Fine . you get back to chat with you precious customer . barry ok , bye-bye . Barry snap out of this , turn , clap he hand in confidence and walk back to the customer and say : barry sorry about that . customer I do not know you have a sister ? barry ..... well yes I do .... ( beat ) but one more thing I want to tell you guy about the new plunger be that we be make the handle now in a non-breakable material call ..... he take one of the plunger and to demonstrate smack it on the table .... it smashes and rice fall out everywhere .... barry ok ... this be one of the old one , I think . lance do we have any new plunger around ? lance move to get a new plunger .... barry that be a little embarrassing and that be one of the old handle so let I get a new one to show you -- rico ( loudspeaker ) Barry , you sister be on line one . Barry hold , then ; customer how many sister do you have ? barry .... I have seven . customer # 2 Holy shit . you have seven sister ? barry they be call because we be have a party tonight for my sister and the they be just call .... can you hang on for just two more minute ....? Barry walk this time into he office ...... camera track with Barry to he office , see he try and shake this off ..... he exit frame . CUT to : int . warehouse - office - that moment Barry enter , take a quick moment to size up the harmonium ..... he pick up the phone and through the conversation gently move the harmonium to a different spot on the desk ; barry this be Barry . kathleen what be you do ? barry hi , Kathleen , I be just work . kathleen be you go to the party tonight ? barry yes I be . kathleen what be you do ? barry nothing . kathleen right now , you be do nothing ? barry I be just talk on the phone to you and stand . kathleen what time be you gonna be there ? barry Seven o'clock . kathleen you can not be late . barry I will not . kathleen I be serious . barry I know . kathleen seriously . barry ok . kathleen you can not be late though . barry I know . kathleen you can not just not show up like you do , you have to go . barry I know . kathleen seriously . barry I know . kathleen you can not just stay in you house . barry I know . kathleen yeah but I be serious . barry ok . kathleen I will see you there . barry I will see you there . kathleen do not puss out . barry I will not . Barry play the 5 note melody on the harmonium ( carry over into next scene .... ) CUT to : int . / ext . warehouse - later ( bridge / break music wise ) Barry and he worker be have lunch . a lunch truck be park by the driveway . Barry see the car that lena bring by at the start of the movie .... oc call from one of the worker ; worker telephone Barry on line one . a mechanic pass by at this moment , keep walk past ; barry what 's wrong with she car ? mechanic wha ? barry be that car gonna be ok ? mechanic it 's fine . the mechanic keep walk .... Barry enter . CUT to : int . warehouse / near lance's desk - late afternoon Barry and the boy be prepping some box for shipping . ernesto walk over , say ; ernesto Barry , you sister 's here . Barry stand up fast , stumble back a bit over some box , recover , elizabeth enter : elizabeth hey , how be you ? barry I be fine , hi , how be you ? elizabeth I be just stop by to say hello . barry hello . elizabeth so you be come tonight , right ? barry yes , indeed , yes I be . elizabeth there 's this girl , this friend of mine from work that I think be really cute and really cool and I want you to meet she so I be think about bring she to the party tonight . barry oh yeah no I do not want to do that . elizabeth why ? barry well I do not want to do something like that . elizabeth she 's my friend and you should meet she . you would like she . barry yeah , but please do not do that . elizabeth I be not really ask you , I be tell you . barry yeah but please do not do that : everyone would be look at I . elizabeth it 's a free country , we can look at you if we want to . barry yes but I get tense and I feel like I can not be myself if that happen . elizabeth that 's you fault not mine . barry I do not think I be go to the party . elizabeth so it 's ok if I bring she . barry please do not . elizabeth she 's really cute and she 's really nice . barry ... please , I just do not want it .... elizabeth .... wait a minute : why be this about you now ? why be it always about you ? barry yeah , no , it 's not , it 's just -- elizabeth I be try to be you friend . barry I know . elizabeth I be try to get you a girlfriend . barry well , yeah , thank you , but -- elizabeth -- but since you be not go I guess none of this matter and I will bring she anyway . beat . hold . she stare he down . elizabeth all I be try to do be be you friend . she leave . hold on barry . he air punch / twitch . CUT to : int . warehouse - later / blue hour - night Barry be alone , close up . he take a look at the harmonium and press it , make a sound .... a little bit more .... make a few note . end score que as it blend and fade into the note that Barry play . beat . he close its small cover , do something on he desk and then : his face get bright red , he hold back tear , open he mouth and have a serious but small burst of overwhelming emotion and then it 's over . int . supermarket - night cu . birthday card . Barry 's hand reach in and pick a birthday card . angle , wider , that moment . Barry grab the card and start to push he cart .... but he push it straight into a six year old kid who 's push a cart around .... they slam into each other .... Barry apologize .... the kid just take off .... Barry 's cart now have a slightly damage wheel that wobble like crazy .... angle , frozen food aisle . camera track leave to right with Barry as he head for the healthy Choice frozen dinner . he grab one . cu . barry . low angle . he look at box . barry Pov - the BOX slow zoom in . the sticker read : " fly away with we ! the more you buy the more you earn . " angle , soup section . camera track along right to leave with Barry as he move towards some soup . he grab one , inspect it ..... then put it back . cu . soup can . it 's put back on the shelf : tilt down to price : 79 cent . Barry turn he cart around and smack right into someone else again , screwing up another wheel on he cart . angle , barry . camera , track alongside he , leave to right as he come across : pudding . the price : 4/$1.00 . mo . barry in the middle of the aisle . he react ......smiles ...holds .... think .... look around , then start to load up on the pudding . angle , barry . he push two shopping cart full of pudding over to the store manager who 's on he knee , stack milk ..... Barry kneel down , camera push into a cu . as he speak sotto ; manager hello . barry hello , sir . my name be Barry egan and I would like to ask if you have any more healthy Choice pudding in the back ? CUT to : int . susan's house - night the door open slowly and Barry peer he head around and into the house very cautiously , camera push in and pan slightly left to reveal : the kitchen . Barry 's seven sister be all there , prepare dinner and talk away .... they turn and see he ; susan there he be ! do you remember when we use to call you gay and you would get all mad ? kathleen -- we be call you gay and you get so mad that you throw a hammer through the slide glass door -- do you remember ? barry I do not really remember that . kathleen yes you do . we be call you Gay Boy and you get so mad .... barry yes , yes , right . susan we be try to remember why you have the hammer in the first place ? barry ...um ..... kathleen the hammer that you throw .... why do you have it ? susan you do not remember -- you have the hammer and you throw it -- ? barry I remember , yes ..... susan why do you have it ? another sister , rhonda , enter from behind , Barry jump , say : rhonda he be building a ramp for the dog . kathleen he be make a ramp for the dog ! that 's right ! susan that 's right .... ramp for the dog ..... and you just throw the hammer . barry ( to Rhonda ) happy birthday , Rhonda . rhonda thank you . thank you so much , Barry . she give he a very quick hug and kiss and set the cake next to a bigger , cooler look cake . Mia approach hold a baby ..... Barry try to say hello to the baby , but Mia slowly turn the baby out of Barry 's grasp .... make herself the center of he attention ; kitchen / dine room , that moment Barry get slightly turn around try to reach the baby ... and end up in a doorway that lead to the dining room , revealing himself to : elizabeth , karen , nicole and anna . there be also : three brother in law be ( walter , larry and steve ) elizabeth hey .... I be just tell everyone about how I be gonna bring this girl for you but you would not let I do it . barry hello everyone . karen step up and greet he ; karen do you think that we would all be look at you ? barry no , no , no . karen well it 's just not true . we would not be look at you -- why be you wear this suit ? do you say hello to you brother in law 's ? steve / larry hi , Barry . how ya doin ? good , good . karen say hello to they , that 's right , good , good . ok . come on , we be gonna eat now ..... let 's go ..... Barry shake hand and hello 's with the brother in law 's . he 's leave alone for a moment with walter and Elizabeth ; walter how you doin ' Barry ? barry hi walter . walter how 's business ? barry Business be very food , thanks . elizabeth what 's very food ? barry what ? elizabeth you just say very food . barry do I say that ? walter yeah . barry that be weird . I mean good . walter maybe you say that because you be hungry ..... walter move to help everyone ... they be move to set the table ...... camera close in on barry and elizabeth alone for a beat : elizabeth you be lucky . she could not come anyway -- barry well I be glad you do not , thank you . elizabeth she could not come I say . be you nervous ? barry no . elizabeth you look nervous . barry I be not , I be very happy . rhonda pass ; rhonda come on homo -boy , we be eat now . Elizabeth leave , hold on barry . camera push in toward everyone setting the table ..... camera rotate around ..... everyone be still chat a bit about " Barry gay boy , " and " the girl that be gonna be here that Barry would not allow . " angle , reverse . Barry be stand in front of the floor to ceiling slide glass door ..... in a instant , he turn and throws he fist straight through three of they , they shatter .... he turn back , they be all stare straight at he in silence . hold , then : in unison they all go ape shit : group what the fuck be you problem . goddamnit barry . you fuckin ' maniac . etc . etc . CUT to : int . susan's house - hallway - later it 's later and walter and barry walk down a small hall and into a kid room . they be oc for a few moment as the camera slowly push in and towards the room . follow sotto ; walter what 's up ? barry well I be sorry . before ... walter mhm . barry and I be sorry that I do that . walter it 's alright . barry I want to ask you because you be a doctor , right ? walter yeah . barry I do not like the way I be sometimes . ( beat ) can you help I ? walter Barry , I be a dentist , what kind of help do you think I can give you ? barry I know that . maybe you know other doctor ? walter like a psychiatrist ? barry I do not have anyone to talk to thing about and I understand it 's confidential with a doctor - I be embarrassed about that and I do not want my sister to know ? walter you want a number for a psychiatrist , I can get you one , that 's not a problem . but what exactly be wrong ? barry I do not know if there 's anything wrong with I because I do not know how other people be ..... sometimes I cry a lot ..... for no reason . Barry start to cry . walter just stare at he . hold . Barry stop , recuperate , then leave ..... as he do ; barry please do not tell my sister . CUT to : int . barry apartment - later cu . healthy choice coupon . Barry 's scissors cut out a coupon and reveal a image beneath in another section of the newspaper ... it 's the sexy leg of a woman .... barry very casually push some papers aside and look at the ad ... hold on he face . he look .... then : moment later , barry on the phone . he listen ; operator girl ( oc ) hi , this be Janice the Operator , who 's this ? barry hello , how be you ? operator girl ( oc ) hi , be this you first time call ? barry yes it be . operator girl ( oc ) can I have you credit card number , follow by the expiration date ? barry can I ask how much be this ? operator girl ( oc ) -- it 's $ 2.99 per minute for the first half hour and $ 1.99 per minute after that . barry ...... and this be confidential ? operator girl ( oc ) what do you mean ? barry it 's .... confidential , the call , my information be private . operator girl ( oc ) of course . would you like to talk to a girl ? I can connect you with a beautiful girl if I can just get you credit card number follow by the expiration date ? barry ...3407 2627 3444 8095 expiration 05/04 . operator girl ( oc ) and you billing address and the name as it appear on the card ? barry ..... 1274 moorpark . sherman oak , California . # 4. 91403 . operator girl ( oc ) and you name ? barry Barry egan . operator girl ( oc ) and you Social Security number . barry what 's that for ? operator girl ( oc ) it 's just for verification through the credit card company . barry -- and this be confidential ? operator girl ( oc ) of course , it 's just for we to verify you credit card information . it 's completely confidential and it appear on you credit card billing statement as d&d mattress man . barry 337 ..... I be sorry .... operator girl ( oc ) it 's ok , take you time . barry 337-09-9876 . but I do not want anyone to know my name . operator girl ( oc ) no one will know you name . barry can you say that my name be Jack ? operator girl ( oc ) you want she to call you Jack ? barry I just do not want anyone to know it 's I . operator girl ( oc ) that 's fine . can I have a telephone number , area code first on where we can call you back ? barry no I just .... I do not want to , I just want to be connect to talk to a girl . operator girl ( oc ) it 's a call back service -- a girl will call you back . barry I think I be just gonna be connect to talk to a girl - that 's fine , ok , I be sorry , it 's , um .....818 .... CUT to : int . barry apartment - moment later Barry wait at he dining room table . hold . the phone ring . he pick it up ; barry hello , this be back . sexy voice hi , be this Jack ? barry yes . sexy voice this be Georgia . barry hi. this be Jack . sexy voice so what be you do tonight , Jack ? barry nothing . sexy voice nothing , huh , do you know what I be do ? barry no . sexy voice I be just lay on my bed . barry where be you ? sexy voice I be in my bedroom . barry no , I mean , what city , what state be you in ? sexy voice be you watch a porno movie ? barry no . sexy voice do you like porno movie ? barry sure . sexy voice yeah ....? so ... Jack ... be you stroking that big fat fuck cock of yours ? he walk into something . barry ....no .... sexy voice yeah ? so what be you do , then ? barry ... just talk to you .... sexy voice be you pants off ? barry no . sexy voice I be wear a t-shirt and panty . barry really ? sexy voice yeah . and look at myself in the mirror . do you wanna know what I look like ? barry it do not matter . sexy voice what do you mean it do not matter ? barry well . I have no way of know . so it do not matter . sexy voice I do not lie , Jack . I be about 5'8 , blonde 34,28,34 . pretty thin , I work out . my pussy 's shave . my friend say I be pretty cute , so .... barry really ? sexy voice what do you mean , " really ? " yeah . really . what about you ? barry it do not matter . sexy voice yeah .... you be marry be not you , Jack ? barry no . sexy voice you have a girlfriend ? barry ...yes ... sexy voice where be she ? barry she 's ... not here ... she go out . she go out of town , she travel a lot . Barry hold he head in he hand for minute , then stand out of it -- int . barry apartment - moment later sexy voice I be horny , Jack , what about you ? barry ...yeah ..... sexy voice do Jack like to Jack off ? barry sometimes when I be lonely . sexy voice ... yeah .... well you have I now . barry you sound very cute , very nice . sexy voice thank you . what do you do , Barry ? barry I have my own business .... I work . I work hard at do my business . sexy voice yeah .... do you do well , do you make alotta money ? barry I do pretty good , I think . I wish I be make more , do a little bit better . I can not get over a certain hump . I will ... I will crack something soon I think and really do better ... I would like to diversify ... but I be do great , I think , as a start . sexy voice so ..... be you stroking it , yet , honey ? barry no . sexy voice well why do not you take you pants off and stroke it for I ? barry ok . sexy voice yeah ... that 's it ... God I be so horny ... I wish I be there to help you ..... I wish I be there for you , Barry . CUT to : int . barry bathroom / bedroom - later it 's a little bit later and Barry stand in he bathroom , wash he face .... hold .... then he dry he face , walk into he bedroom , get into bed wear T-shirt and underwear ..... he crawl in , curl up in fetal position .... jump CUT to : int . same exact angle - morning Sun come in now . Barry be somehow dress in a full adida sweat suit complete with sneaker . he wake up , look down and see this , confuse ; barry whassis ? CUT to : int . kitchen - moment later Barry be dress for work in another suit now . he grab some stuff and head for the door when the phone ring ; barry hello ? sexy voice hey . what be you do ? how be you ? barry I be fine . who be this ? sexy voice Georgia . beat . barry hi.... what .... what 's up ....? sexy voice it 's ok that I be call , right , I mean ? it 's ok . barry yeah . no . it 's ok . what 's goin ' on ? sexy voice I just want to call and talk to you , thank you for last night , try and get you before you go to work and say , " hey . " beat . barry I be go to work . sexy voice uhhh ... I be sooo tired ... I stay up too late last night , what about you , when do you go to sleep ? barry not very late . sexy voice you be go to work now ? barry yes . sexy voice can I ask you a question ? barry uh-huh . sexy voice remember last night I be talk to you and I be tell you about my apartment , my rent -- ? ( beat ) do you remember ? barry yes . sexy voice this be really weird and really embarrassing for I but ....uh.... ( beat ) I be wonder if you could help I out with a little bit of money . barry I ? sexy voice yeah . barry I can not really . yeah , no . I mean . I can not afford it . sexy voice you do not even know how much it be . barry I know but I ....how much be it ? sexy voice like seven-fifty . Seven hundred fifty ? barry yes , no , yes . I can not . I can not afford that . I be sorry . sorry . sexy voice really ? please ? barry you have trouble , financial trouble ? sexy voice yeah . it 's so hard this day and I really need it . barry yes I can not .... I do not make enough money to be able to do that . sexy voice I think you have you own business . you say you be gonna diversify and all that stuff .... beat . Barry step back a little .... sexy voice so you think you can ? barry no. I be sorry . sexy voice should I call back and talk to you girlfriend ? barry .... what ....? sexy voice I be wonder if it 's better to ask you girlfriend for the money ? it could be really easy . I mean , I have all you information , credit card information and billing stuff -- Barry hang up the phone real fast . hold . he do not move . CUT to : int . barry work / warehouse - morning / later camera ( hand held ) behind Barry , as he walk through the warehouse , greet the boy , say hello to lance , etc . lance , take he cue from Barry , be a bit more dress up today .... lance good morning , Barry .... barry hi , lance . lance what 's with all this pudding , what be this ? camera see that all the pudding Barry buy have be stack neatly in a corner . Barry stop dead in he track to explain ; barry that 's part of a very interesting airline promotion giveaway that 's really tremendous . I be go to start a collection of pudding and coupon that can be redeeme for frequent flyer mile through healthy Choice and american Airlines -- lance you be goin ' on a trip ? barry no ......... but airline mile be just like a currency this day . lance you should go on a trip . barry no thanks . lance so what should I do with the pudding ? barry let 's just leave it there for now . Barry go into he office and look at the harmonium . beat . he press some key , make a little more noise with it . ( a quarter of some sort of melody start here ... ) angle , moment later . Barry be cut up he credit card with some scissors . he throw it away . angle , moment later . Barry pace around a little bit ..... camera stay inside and watch he as he walk outside for a moment , look around .... he see something outside , hesitates , then dodge back inside the warehouse -- -- once inside , he take a horrendous , hurtful fall over something .... he stand up quick ; barry this be not suppose to be here . seriously . carlos , carlos , this be really not suppose to be here . I do not mean to be a dick ; but that 's gonna hurt someone . it already do hurt someone : it hurt I , so please let 's move that . he back away , then step out of frame ... a moment later elizabeth ( he sister ) and lena ( from the open ) enter the warehouse , walk towards Barry ; elizabeth ( to lena ) he 's wear a suit again , I do not know why he 's wear a suit , he do not usually dress like that -- lena it 's fine . camera push in towards lena and blend to 3ufp ... she smile , look ahead , camera slowly pan a 180 around to become she Pov . Barry be stand near the harmonium , fiddling around . he look up , see Elizabeth and lena walk towards he and tense .... they meet in the middle of the warehouse ; elizabeth hey , what be you do ? why be you wear a suit again ? barry I do not know . lena hi. barry hi. lena do you remember I , I leave my car , yesterday . barry yes I do . elizabeth this be lena , she 's a good friend of mine from work . we be in the neighborhood and she have to pick up she car and we be get breakfast before we go in , so do you want to go ? we be gonna go and eat , let 's go . barry yeah I can not . elizabeth why ? barry I have work , I can not leave . elizabeth seriously , though : we be go to eat , I say . barry I be sorry . lena it 's ok . that 's alright . elizabeth be you learn how to play the piano ? what be that ? barry it 's not a piano . lance ! lance ! make sure that you call that guy in toledo . lance ( oc ) which ? barry ... I will tell you later . elizabeth you do not wanna come to eat with we ? worker voice telephone barry on line two ! elizabeth what 's all this pudding ? barry I do not know . can you hang on a second ? camera follow Barry as he walk back to he little office , pick up the phone ; barry hello ? sexy voice we get disconnect before .... barry no. no . we get disconnect -- why ?..... you be call I at work .... how do you get this number -- ? sexy voice see the thing be I could make it really easy on you -- I already have you credit card number , you information , address and stuff . this be so awkward ask like this , I be sorry -- barry this make I very uncomfortable . sexy voice I need help . beat . sexy voice should I just ask you girlfriend ? ( beat ) maybe I should call back and talk to you girlfriend ? barry I do not have a girlfriend -- sexy voice -- you say you do . barry I know I do . but I do not . sexy voice you lie to I ? barry I do not lie . sexy voice why do you tell I you do , then ? barry this be .... illegal .... I will call the police . sexy voice no you will not . angle , elizabeth and lena lena I will go pay for my car . elizabeth be you sure ? lena yeah . elizabeth he 's be weird , I be sorry . I have no idea why he 's be weird and dress in a suit -- lena it 's not bad , it 's ok . elizabeth -- he 's so strange I do not know if you really even would want to go out with he , someone like he , I say I would try , but it 's just -- lena it 's ok , it 's alright . I will come right back , I will just go pay for my car . elizabeth sorry . she leave . Elizabeth head for Barry 's office ; angle , barry on the phone sexy voice come on , I think we have fun , rich boy -- barry this be not cool . sexy voice it be cool last night . barry I have to go . sexy voice be you tell I no ? barry no I be sorry , now I have to get off the phone .... sexy voice .... this be you mistake .... Elizabeth come walk into he office , start whisper to he as he 's on the phone ; elizabeth hey , hey , you should ask she out -- what do you think , she 's cute , right ? barry ( into phone ) I be gonna call you back . he start to hang up the phone , turn to Elizabeth as we hear ; sexy voice ( trail off ) ... motherfucker , no .... barry she be . I think , why do you come here like this ? elizabeth it 's not cool ? barry it 's fine , but -- elizabeth -- do you think you will ask she out ? barry I feel really on the spot now . elizabeth be you gonna do it ? barry I do not do that . I do not - thing like that . elizabeth you do not do anything , why be you be scared ? barry I be not be scared , you be just go to rag I if I do this -- elizabeth I be not gonna rag you . why would I do this just to rag you ? barry I do not know . elizabeth I will leave then , I will go to get something from my car , go away so you do not feel pressure . can I ask you a serious question : barry what ? elizabeth do you ask walter to get you a shrink ? ( beat ) Barry , do you ask walter to get you a shrink ? what 's wrong with you ? be you ok ? barry I do not ask he that . he 's lie . elizabeth you be be weird again , see . come on . please do not be weird . angle , barry and elizabeth , moment later they walk out and as they do , lena come back in with she key in she hand , Elizabeth keep walk past ; elizabeth I gotta grab something from my car .... lena we should be go -- elizabeth ( over she shoulder ) yeah , no , I have to get something from my car , I say . Barry and lena about to be alone as lance walk up ; lance which guy in Toledo be you talk about ? barry I will tell you ... the guy ... with ... just talk to I later about it , ok ? lance you talkin ' to I about ramada Inn ? barry I have to talk to you in a second about that , lance , ok ? he walk away , lena turn to he ; lena I be sorry I could not come to you sister 's birthday party last night , Elizabeth have invite I and I could not make it -- barry it 's fine . it be fun , though . lena it must be weird for you to have so many sister ? barry no . not at all . it 's nice . worker ( oc ) telephone , Barry line one ! Barry turn instantly and walk away .... he turn back as he walk .... two shot - track leave with he .... barry ( turn back ) one second , sorry . in the office , that moment he pick up the phone . barry hello ? sexy voice hang up again and see the trouble it 's gonna make . Barry instantly hang up the phone , turn around and walk back to lena ; lena Business be good , you be busy ? barry yeah , not really . lena I see a picture of you . barry yes . lena Elizabeth have a picture of you guy -- you sister and you , it 's a lot of family , it must be nice . barry do you have brother or sister ? lena no. I be the exact opposite -- barry that must be nice . that must be really , really , really great . lena it 's terrible , no . no response from Barry . ( cut to reverse 2 - shot as they look ) lena what do you do with all this pudding ? barry that 's not mine it 's one of the guy that work here . that pudding 's not mine . beat . in the b.g. , two worker be deal with get a large crate on top of a large stack of crate , they be use a fork lift .... in a instant the large crate tumble to the ground and smashes .... Barry attempt to not notice this ; lena oh my God . barry it 's ok . that 's ok . how long have you work with Elizabeth ? the worker start call out and apologize for this to Barry , who keep look straight ahead to lena ; lena six month , maybe five , five or six month ... do you wanna check that ? barry ( to the guy ) be you guy hurt ? worker / lance no , no , we be ok .... Barry , sorry -- barry ( back to lena ) so you do what she do , the same work , the same job ? lena I do , but I do field consultation mainly too which be cool because I get to travel . I travel . a lot of the time . I be go to Hawaii on Friday . barry that 's great -- Hawaii . I be think about go there . lena really ? barry I be , yeah , I be think about go there for business -- lena -- well , if you be gonna go -- barry -- I be probably not gonna go though . lena -- oh that 's too bad , it 's so great over there and if you be there we could say hello to each other or something -- barry -- yeah that would be great , if I be gonna go but I be not exactly sure , I have so much goin on here -- a lot depend on this thing I might do here and if that happen I can not go and if it do not happen then I probably will , but I doubt it . there 's another loud crash as they try to reposition the box that 's fall , give way to something else that fall . in other word , to correct the mistake they have already make , they have to sacrifice another crate that crash . she look , Barry just flinch , try to stay look straight ahead ; camera ( hand held ) with Elizabeth , come walk back in ..... say to Barry : elizabeth I can not find that thing in my car , I can not find it so I will just get it and give it to you later . so ? lena ( to Elizabeth ) you ready ? elizabeth be you come to eat with we ? barry yeah I can not . elizabeth ( at the crate ) oh my GOD . look at that . lena ( to Barry ) it be great to meet you again . to see you again , thanks for help I yesterday -- barry ok . elizabeth ( to Barry ) what 's all this pudding ? barry it 's not mine . elizabeth why 's it here ? barry I have no idea . lena ( to Elizabeth ) be you ready ? elizabeth ( to Barry ) will you call I later to talk about ask walter for the shrink ? and we can talk about - he say you have this cry problem or something ? lena bye , Barry . barry Goodbye . elizabeth call I later . lena and Elizabeth leave . camera lead they as they walk ; sound start to drop out , we see Barry and the boy clean up the box in the back .... move into a cu on lena .... Music cue . score. treat piano , small rhythm / melodic ( note of harmonium so far ) / gentle . elizabeth so I will meet you at the restaraunt ? lena ok . lena get into she car . Elizabeth keep walk . she wait until Elizabeth be out of sight at the mouth of the driveway and then she get back out of she car and walk straight back into the warehouse . CUT to : int . warehouse - that moment she come walk in and over to Barry ; lena I be go to go and eat tomorrow night do you want to go with I ? barry sure . lena do you want to pick I up ? barry sure . lena can I write down my address and phone number for you ? barry sure . they do a small search for a piece of paper , get it all write down and sort out and then -- as they do this there be even more crashing and smashing in the b.g. , by the boy -- Barry and lena settle up and say so long . barry this be funny . lena yeah . barry I do not ask anyone for a shrink , that be someone else . also : this pudding be not mine . also : I be wear a suit because I have a very important business meeting this morning and I do not have a cry problem . lena ok . barry alright ? lena .... hi ..... barry .... hi ..... she walk off . camera lead she out , hold a cu. as she smile to herself -- lead she a bit more until she 's outside , and she get in she car -- cu . barry . he smile , look around , hold back he emotion so it look like he will explode .... tense , smile , tear , look around .... hold . end Music que . lance ( oc ) Barry , line one , telephone ! Barry walk in . hold . he pick up the phone . barry hello ? sexy voice you have just make a war that you can not afford . she hang up real quick . hold . Barry and he harmonium . CUT to black . title Card : provo , Utah fade in : int . steven brother house - day camera behind a blonde girl head ( latisha ) . she speak to two blonde brother , david and jim . in the b.g. , walk around hold a baby be nate . ( maybe a girlfriend or wife or two ) . david I will do it . jim I will do it too . david but it 's gotta wait until my knee be better . I can not risk it . latisha you have to do it now . jim if we drive there it 's a problem . latisha Dean will loan you one of he car . jim which one ? latisha you have to talk to he -- david how do you know he 's rich ? latisha because I know , I just know . I mean , I talk to he , I know . nate emerge a bit from the b.g. nate where be you guy go ? david California . Los Angeles . nate when be you leave ? david right now . latisha let 's go talk to Dean . CUT to : int . local bar / provo - later latisha , david , jim and nate enter and meet dean trumbell , listen to after eden play onstage , stand in the middle of the room . dean hey guy . david / jim / nate hey , Dean . latisha so they will go . dean I be only pay two of you guy . david that 's cool . dean when can you leave ? david as soon as you want . dean I want you to go right away , I think that 's best . I also need you to check out a car for I down there that this guy be sell . they walk towards a back room , as they do they pass a regular joe who bump into Dean accidentally , Dean explode ; dean you wanna fuck around , asshole ? you wanna get tough , wanna see I kick some motherfuck around here ? regular joe take it easy , man , relax . do not -- dean I will relax you fuck head -- this be my personal space , man , this be my personal fuck space , you do not violate that , you do not do that . regular joe I have get a glass in my hand why do not you chill out ? dean you have get a glass ? Dean take a Beer bottle and smashes it in half on the bar , hold it up to the guy -- dean yeah . you 've got a glass , now I 've got a glass . i've got a glass too motherfuck . jump CUT to : int . local bar / provo - moment later they be all walk towards a back room of the bar , they walk past a couple that be fight . the woman be scream at the top of she lung at the man ; woman I will crush you . I will fucking crush you and you friend . Dean get in the middle of it ; dean take it easy , take it easy you guy in here , I need to talk to you later , Tommy -- I wanna know if you wanna book the boy -- he motion over he shoulder to ash to ash . man I will talk to you later . woman you won't fuckin ' talk to he later , I will crush you . I will crush you , asshole . CUT to : int . dean's office / upstair / backroom - moment later they enter into a upstairs office area . it have a couple desk and off to the side , in a small , partition off room be the phone sex Area ; a girl on the phone . ( we hear bit of she call , e.g. " me? I be in Florida . laying on my bed . " ) there be poster for ash to ash , filing cabinet , poster of car , lot of various small business item like order form and pamphlet , etc . Dean collect a piece of paper and hand it to David / nate / Jim ; dean you expense be you own . david I think latisha say you would -- dean -- she do not know what she be talk about -- david it 's .... whatever .... that 's not cool . dean David , do not. just. seriously . it do not make sense if you think about it in a fair deal like sense . ok ? it 's business . seriously . one hundred dollar for two day work be a lot more than you family be make sit around you house . I be serious now . ok. please . now . just stop . he hand he a set of keys and go through the info ; dean ... key for the track . you have to gas it up and save the receipt on that . his address . we have a business address too if you need that -- but hit he at he house first , see what this little bad boy be all about and shake he up -- give he a little doe- see - doe -- latisha uch . shut up , Dean . dean what 's the problem ? latisha you do not need to talk all macho , " shake he out , little bad boy . " whatever -- you be not a action hero , tough guy , you be not a gangster -- he make a very sudden and quick move towards she and she flinch . dean flinchy . that 's what I think . shut up . ( to greg ) call I when you see this guy -- check he out see what 's what . she ask he for seven fifty when she be on the phone with he , so -- just call I when you get there . he hand he another piece of paper and a photo ; dean this be this place call Ace vintage , you gotta find it , I do not know exactly where this be and I do not understand this map so just go there and check it out . it 's a ' 61 ac cobra that this old guy say be fine , but I need to figure out why he 's only ask 23 for it . so take a look , the whole thing , call I about that , if it seem alright then I will head down there and check it out . david ok . dean that 's it . david can we maybe ask for more money on this ? latisha why ? david ... because it 's California ? I mean it 's like a nine or ten hour drive . it 's not like go to Salt Lake and get the mormon 's , it 's different ... after a long , long stare contest with David , Dean suddenly and very violently put he fist through the wall .... then turn to David ...... latisha roll she eye . David , nate and Jim leave . CUT to : ext . utah STREET / truck /moving - day / magic hour camera behind the head of nate , Jim , Dave as they drive down the street ..... they call they brother " Mike D " on the phone and say , " what 's up , we be goin ' to Los Angeles , you wanna go ? " jump CUT to : ext . utah STREET / truck /moving - moment later camera pan leave and pick up the fourth brother mike D as he walk from work and get in the car ..... camera hold behind the head of the four blonde brother as they drive off . long dissolve to : ext / int . lena's apartment complex - evening this be a split screen sequence shot with two cameras . the left side of the screen hold lena . she wait in she small , nondescript apartment do the thing you do while wait for someone else . she sit , stand , sit , stand .... the right side of the the screen travel ( steadicam ) with Barry as he walk into the reception area . there be a security guard ( black , female ) who ask he he name , where he 's go and to sign in . the Security Guard call up to lena 's place .... .... and we watch lena answer the phone .... ... the Security Guard give Barry some very complicated direction .... we follow / lead Barry as he make he way through the maze / up elevator / down corridor look for lena 's apartment ..... finally , he arrive , knock ; lena who be it ? barry it 's Barry . as she open the door , the split screen slide away and the image give way to the one of lena stand ; lena hi. CUT to : int . restaurant - night lena and Barry at a table . they talk ( see note . ) lena so I want to tell you something , I gotta tell you : I see a picture of you guy , you sister and you and I see you picture and I really want to meet you . ( beat ) I come to drop my car off there on purpose , to try and meet you . Barry lean a little bit out of frame . barry ... really ? that 's nice ... be you lie ? lena ... I think I should tell you . I do not want to get too far along on go out and be hide something -- beat . he lean slightly back in frame . barry that 's very nice . thank you . thank you for say that . ( beat ) you be friend with my sister ? lena yeah . barry how long have you know she ? lena about six month . barry you like she ? lena yeah . yeah we get along well . ( beat ) you do not get along with she very well ? barry do you really come to meet I on purpose or be you lie about that ? lena no , no . I do . barry that 's nice . it 's nice . ( beat ) I have be look around a lot lately at promotional giveaway , cross promotional work by some company . do you remember all that pudding ? lena yeah . barry so that pudding be buy , I buy that pudding because of a pretty interesting promotion that 's sponsor by healthy Choice and american Airlines . it 's design to encourage airline travel and obviously design to encourage buy healthy Choice product . they make freeze meal , deli meat , pasta sauce , bread , soup and ice creams , this sort of thing ..... lena yeah ? barry .... I be sorry .... I lose my thought , what I be say .... lena you be talk about the promotion -- barry -- the promotion say : buy any 10 healthy Choice product and get 500 mile of airline travel or 1,000 for purchase make with a special coupon . so in the supermarket , you notice they product , first you notice they have a teriyaki Chicken dinner at $ 1.79 - that 's a pretty good deal .... but then I notice they have soup at 89 cent a can ..... and you start to do the math and you start to notice that it 's a really amazing deal because I stumble across the pudding at 25 cent a cup . now the crucial thing be the bar code on the label . that 's that little bar code , you know ? the universal product code ? lena yeah . barry that 's what 's use to redeem the mileage , so in notice the pudding , each cup have a individual bar code -- in other word : two dollar and fifty cent for ten cup of pudding be 500 mile . add in the coupon : it 's one thousand . you see ? lena yeah . barry you see ? lena yeah , no , I see -- barry you see if you spend $ 3,000 dollar on pudding you could earn over one million frequent flyer mile . lena that 's insane . that be really , really crazy . that 's just crazy if you spend three thousand dollar on pudding . barry .... yeah .... lena so that be you pudding ? barry .... no .... lena I be sorry . I think you say -- barry no I do not say that . lena I think you say you buy all that pudding -- barry my friend carlos be do it who work with I . it 's he . it 's he pudding , he 's do it . it 's not mine . he 's crazy . I tell he not to do it . he 's the one who 's insane . he only spend about one hundred dollar so far though -- lena you sister be tell I a pretty funny story about you , when you guy be kid and you be building a ramp for you dog and you throw a hammer through a window ? be that right ? you throw a hammer through a slide glass door ? Barry start to well with tear , which he hide very quickly , hold a hand up to he face as if he 's touch he nose , and then he smile ; barry I do not remember that , she might be lie . I have to go the bathroom . he get up and go . CUT to : int . bathroom - moment later Barry walk in and go a little crazy . he 's mad at himself and he hit a stall .... it seem loose already and fall straight to the floor . this make he go crazier and he continue to beat and kick the shit out of the bathroom / stall . hold . he collect himself and then he hesitates , look around , try to collect the bathroom but it 's in ruin , he exit .... CUT to : int . restaraunt - moment later Barry come back and sit down , seem a little better . tries to be a little flirtatious for half a moment before : the manager come over , lean in carefully ; manager hello . lena & barry hi. manager Sir , can I talk to you ? barry why ? manager just have you for one second , please . he look to lena , excuse himself . angle , off to the side . the manager and Barry step away , in a quiet section of the restaraunt , 2 - shot , profile , in sotto ; slow zoom in . manager Sir , the bathroom be just tear apart . barry yeah . manager do you do it ? barry no . manager you do not just smash up the bathroom ? barry no . manager well who do ? barry I do not know . manager you be hand be bleed . barry I cut myself . manager how ? barry on my knife . manager Sir , a young man see you come out of the bathroom . barry I do not do that . beat . barry why ? ... what ? manager you hand be bleed . barry I know . manager I be gonna have to ask you to leave . barry why ? manager Sir , I have no way of prove that you demolish the bathroom -- barry I do not do it . manager alright , well you be gonna have to leave . you be gonna have to go . barry yeah , but I do not do anything . manager I be gonna call the police then , sir . barry please do not do this to I . manager the police be on they way . barry sorry . he start to move back .... barry can I pay you here ? can I pay you for we drink and salad ? manager that 's fine . Barry take out some money and hand it over . barry keep the change , please . angle , back at the table . they walk back to the table and Barry whisper down to she , very close , steadicam ( lead they out - continuous ) barry we should go I think , I do not like it here . lena ok . they head out of the restaraunt . lena be everything ok ? barry yes . lena what happen ? barry nothing . lena what do he want ? barry nothing . they walk a bit . barry I have a better idea of where we can go . lena ok . they walk some more . barry there 's a better place for we to eat . lena do something happen ; be you alright ? barry yes I be fine . everything be ok . it 's fine . everything be fine . they walk some more and get in the car . CUT to : int . barry car - drive - night 75 mm over onto barry . 75 mm over onto lena . rear process or poor man 's process . lena so ....how be you harmonium do ? Barry look at she ...... lena you portable reed organ .... the piano . barry well , it 's fine . thank you . lena do you pick it up from the street ? barry what ? lena do you take it from the street in front of you work ? barry ...yes I do ...? lena be you learn how to play it ? barry yes ? I be try . lena oh that 's great . beat . lena so you must travel a lot with all that pudding you buy ? barry yes no not really . int . lena's apartment - later lena and Barry finish up the date ; barry ok .... well ... I be gonna go . lena ...yeah ... barry it be nice to see you again , to see you face again , to go out with you -- lena I will be around and back in town in a few day -- barry yeah . lena if you come to Hawaii -- barry yeah , I do not know , we will see about that . lena you do not think you will go -- barry I do not know . lena ok . well call I when you get back , I mean , I will call you when I get back . I will be back for three week and then I go away for a month after that . so maybe in that time .... barry ok . have a good trip . they do a shake hand / kiss on cheek goodbye . camera in the hallway with Barry as he walk away ..... camera follow he as he swiftly walk away . CUT to : int . reception area / lena's build Barry step out of the elevator and walk to the exit , pass a reception desk woman ..... we hear the phone ringing ...... she call out ; reception woman be you Barry ? barry yes . reception woman it 's for you . Barry walk towards the phone ; barry this be Barry . lena ( oc ) this be lena . barry hi. lena ( oc ) I just want you to know , wherever you be go or whatever you be do right now I want you to know that I want to kiss you just then . barry really ? lena yeah . barry so what do I do then ? int . maze of corridor - moment later Barry be walk up and around , look for the spot . two or three shot of various , he get a little / slightly lose ..... run /walk .... CUT to : int . hallway - that moment camera push down towards he as he walk towards the door . he knock , she open up , camera slide right in and land as they kiss and then the kiss turn into a small hug and then they talk , real close . hold . barry that be good . lena yeah . barry I will see you later . lena ok . barry I do not freak out very often . lena what do you mean ? barry I do not , no matter what my sister say , ok ? lena ... I do not know what you mean .... barry I do not freak out . lena ok . barry have a good trip . lena thank you . camera behind Barry as he walk away ... hold behind he for a bit longer then expected ; CUT to : int . barry apartment / garage camera inside the garage . Barry pull inside and park he car . angle , behind the car . brake light turn off , Barry step out . int . barry apartment / kitchen - that moment camera on Barry 's trash can , the kitchen light come on .... slow push in .... he enter frame and lift the trash bag out . ext . barry apartment - later camera be behind Barry now in a new location .... he 's walk from he garage where he 's just park he car over to he garbage area as he throw something out ... .... he look up and see ... Jim and nate drive the Toyota pick up truck ... he cruise past slowly .... keep go .... then make a u-turn ... Barry turn around and david and mike D be right there ... david hey . barry hi. david I need to talk to you for a second . barry what ? david you gotta give I some money . Barry start to walk away .... David walk alongside he , casually ..... Barry look over and see the car have pull up .... david you make a phone call and you say you would help a girl out and then you do not .... I be here to get the money . barry wait a minute -- david no , no , no , no c'mon man , do not make it a thing -- barry please do not do this . david it 's just you need to give I the money ... do you have it right now ? mike D violently push barry straight to the ground . barry whoa ... whoa ... wait , wait -- do not please .... david how much money do you have in you pocket ? barry just take it , take the money in my pocket , take it , it 's fine -- they grab the money from he pocket as they hold he down on the ground ; barry it 's three hundred and twenty dollar , just take it . david what do you have in the house ? barry nothing .... I mean , really ... change , nothing .... that 's the cash I have .... david you have a ATM ? barry yes . david be this where you live ? barry yes . david you have another house somewhere or something ? barry no . mike D this be three hundred and twenty . let 's just go to you ATM and that will be it -- barry I do not promise she money . she say that it be confidential , this be not fair -- Mike D push Barry 's face . mike D shut up , be quiet . be quiet . barry -- do not -- david hey . you make a fuck sex call and now you be gonna pay . it 's not a big thing -- just give we some money and then it 's over -- we will just walk down to the ATM and get you money out -- barry alright , alright . they pick he up and then ; barry how do you want to do this ? mike D let 's just go to the corner , we see a place on the corner , you will just get you max out and that 's it -- you get out what you can and that 's it -- CUT to : ext . grocery store / bank parking lot - night cu . barry at the ATM . various cu 's as he put he card in , press he info , etc . he look over he shoulder ; angle , the brother . camera slowly push in on the three of they watch Barry . cu. 's money come out of ATM . Card come out . receipt come out . Barry grab the money . david ok . this be what you get when you be a pervert -- you say you would help someone out and you do not so we be just get some money for she and that 's that . barry you know , please , I just wanna say that I do not say I would help she out ; I be very clear about it .... I do not think that this be fair ..... wait , wait , wait , ouch , ouch ..... mike D walk up out of nowhere and straight towards Barry - throw a punch straight to he face ..... Barry stumble a bit , go down to the ground ..... he notice in a quick flash : they utah license plate ...... mike D you do not challenge what my brother 's say , you do not say that -- .... Barry make a mad run for it ..... ext . street & alley - night angle , barry . - various alley way / STREET shot . he turn some corner ..... make he way down a side street and through a alley or two .... and then he 's run like a mad man as fast as he can down the street ...... ext . STREET near ATM - night camera track profile with he ..... ...... the boy pull up along side he slowly ..... Barry look over ..... Mike D call out from the passenger window ; mike D where the fuck be you go ? Barry start to slow down . camera behind .... as he slow , we push in .... land .... he turn into cu . and walk back the opposite direction ...... int . barry bedroom - next morning camera hold on Barry as he wake up . he 's dress in a full basketball outfit . laker shirt , short , high top , etc . small bandage over he arm . he look down at the outfit ; barry ... what the hell ? CUT to : int . warehouse / barry office - morning camera dolly / zoom in real quick to Barry at the harmonium . a few more note be play , something start to sort of sound like a melody ...... but still a little break .... hold . score begin here ( ref.note ) int . warehouse / barry office - moment later Barry bring lance in and close the door , speak sotto , then ; lance what 's up ? barry I think I get in trouble . a little bit of trouble .... lance what happen ? barry .... I make a call ..... ( beat ) .... and , uh .... beat . Barry look over lance 's shoulder and see the pudding stack up . he stare for a moment ; barry ...ok .....ok ...... I gotta get some pudding to go somewhere .... one of the worker be pop he head in , say ; worker telephone on line one , Barry . he pick up the phone ; barry hello ? rhonda ( oc ) I need to talk to you about you behavior the other night -- Barry hand up the phone real fast . barry ( to lance ) ok . well . I be gonna go out of town . I be go to go out of town just for two day ... lance where you goin ? barry I be go to go to Hawaii but you can not tell my sister that . lance wow , you be goin ' to Hawaii , that 's great -- you be goin -- ? barry yeah but you can not tell my sister that . lance ok . barry alright : and I have to go and buy some more pudding for this trip to Hawaii and as I just say that out loud I be realize it sound a little strange but it 's not . so can you come and help I out ? lance ok . CUT to : ext . warehouse - moment later Barry and lance exit the warehouse and get into Barry 's car -- CUT to : int . smart and final - day Barry and lance be fill up a extra large shopping cart with pudding as Barry explain , camera push in ; barry I see the teriyaki Chicken first and that be $ 1.79 and then the Soup which make a real deal but then to come across the pudding ... it 's just tremendous when you think about how most people just do not look ... they do not .... they be not look at the fine print , lance . CUT to : int . smart and final / check out - moment later they be unload the pudding which come in packet of three , but Barry and lance be take they out of that packet and hand they to the check out girl one by one ..... barry ( to girl ) they need to be scan individually . they each have a bar code , so I need it scan individually so that each and every cup appear on the receipt ... check out girl what be this , man ? barry I be sorry . check out girl be you serious with this ? barry yes. sorry . check out girl well .... what do you want , then ? barry each pudding cup have to be scan individually so that ... it 's for a giveaway ... a product giveaway by this company ... check out girl this be a bunch of bullshit . barry I be sorry , I know . I know that it 's .... beat . she scan they over and over and over .... then : barry I be sorry , I be really sorry . she scan and scan and scan and scan .... barry sorry . I be sorry , mar 'am . CUT to : ext . smart and final - day Barry and lance push the shopping cart .... Barry look across the parking lot and see : a toyota pick up come slowly towards he and lance ... ... Barry start to move steady / swiftly towards he car ... lance try to keep up .... Barry get nervous , look leave and right ... .... the Toyota pass and it 's nothing ..... Barry and lance load the pudding in he car as Barry act as if nothing happen . he turn and see a baby in a shopping cart and he react ; barry God damn they're so beautiful . CUT to : int . supermarket - day Barry and lance stack pudding in , Barry say ; barry you know you can get place in the world with pudding . that 's funny . lance yeah . barry that 's funny . CUT to : ext . parking lot / another smart and final . Barry and lance walk together towards another smart and final .... they walk towards the sliding door ..... that do not slide open ... Barry walk face first into the door and quickly turn around and head back to the car ... barry I guess they be not open today . camera hold the long walk back to the car .... Barry glance both direction ..... cautious and careful ...... see nothing ... barry that 's fine . I think I have enough . he walk a little faster and get in the car ..... hold .... slow zoom in .... SOUND drop out ..... he just sit , then , to lance ; barry I get really sick of myself sometimes . CUT to : int . barry warehouse - day camera push in quick , Barry on the phone ; barry no , no , no , no , no . what do you mean ? it do not state anywhere about six to eight week . operator voice it take that much time to process the order and make sure it 's valid -- barry I have this whole thing in my head , I be gonna be able to get this to you today -- I have to leave today -- operator voice I be sorry . barry how be I suppose to know what to do if you do not say it -- if it 's not in you rule and regulation in you fine print how be I suppose to know how to be with this -- operator voice it take time to process -- barry no , no , no , no , no , no , no ! Barry drop the phone to the ground , spin around and put he fist through the wall ..... then drop down , lower he head . camera hold cu . as he stop himself , try to breath ; barry do not do that . do not do that . that 's not right . calm down now , please . please . ok . ok . calm down now please . hold . " he need I , " start . he close he eye . jump CUT to moment later : int . warehouse area - moment later Barry walk over to lance ; barry ok : the pudding be gonna take six to eight week to process so that be not gonna work for today , I will just take a bath on that today . ok . but here 's the thing I gotta tell you : beat . he look around at the pudding . barry .... now : this pudding ? lance yeah . barry let 's just figure that out later -- ( beat ) ok . I gotta go . I be just gonna go now and I will call you from there , you be in charge ' till I get back . and do not tell my sister anything ? he exit . CUT to : int . loading area / plane - day camera ( steadicam ) follow he from the ticket handoff down the corridor onto the plane . CUT to : int . plane - day camera hold 2 - shot on Barry and a business guy sit together , just before take off ..... hold , then : barry I have never be on a plane before . beat . there 's the SOUND of the plane start to move . barry what 's that sound ? CUT to : int . plane - in flight - later Barry sit . beat . hold . we hear the sound of a baby crying . he look across the aisle and see : a small , three year old child cry , behind hold by its father . the baby stop cry for a moment , calming down , breathe heavy , look around with wide eye . cu . barry . he well with tear and a smile , cringe in he face and we see the build up of emotion , he vein pop from he face and then he smile like crazy , smiling and smiling and smiling , bright red and painful . CUT to : int . hawaii airport - late afternoon he walk along the airport , look out onto plane and palm tree and people , etc . CUT to : ext . airport / curb - taxi area - that moment Barry hop into a taxi . the cab driver ask : cab driver where ? Barry hold a moment , then realize he do not know , snap into a contortion , start to tear and almost SNAP and then nothing ...... CUT to : int . wakiki STREET / phone booth - later Barry on the phone amid a crowd of people pass ; elizabeth hey . what be you do ? barry nothing . I be just at work and I be wonder , you know you friend lena ? intercut : int . elizabeth' apartment - that moment camera with Elizabeth ; elizabeth what about she ? you do not ask she out , you be such a pussy -- barry .... she do not , I do not ask she out ? elizabeth you be so scared . barry do you know where she 's stay in Hawaii ? elizabeth oh my God , yeah , I know exactly where she be , why ? barry ...... she forget she purse at my work and I want to get it back to she . elizabeth no she do not ; that 's a lie . barry I .... please do not do this . elizabeth what ? tell I why you wanna know -- barry I just want to know where she 's stay . elizabeth tell I why . beat . hold on barry . barry there be no reason for you to treat I like you do -- you be kill I , you be kill I with the way that you be towards I -- elizabeth -- what be you talk about , come on -- barry -- all I want be the number of where she 's stay and that should be god damn good enough , now stop treat I this way , please -- just give I the number Elizabeth please now I think I will kill you if you do not . jump CUT to : int . wakiki STREET / phone booth - moment later Barry on the phone ; HOTEL operator Sheraton wakiki , how may I direct you call ? barry lena Leonard 's room please . HOTEL operator I will connect you . beat . a man answer the phone ; man' voice hello ? barry hello . be lena there ? man' voice you have the wrong room . he hang up . Barry dial the number again . HOTEL operator Sheraton wakiki , how may I direct you call ? barry I just call , I get connect to the wrong room . I be look for lena Leonard and there should not be a man in the room I be call . beat . he 's put on hold a moment , then it ring , then : lena hello ? barry lena ? lena yeah ? barry it 's Barry . lena hi . where be you ? be you here ? barry yes . lena oh wow . yeah . that's great . you come , you come . what be you do ? barry I be call you , I be stand in my hotel room , I come because I have my business trip -- lena well let 's do something do you want to do something , can you meet I ? barry you do not have a boyfriend or anything do you ? lena no . what do you mean ? barry I just want to know . when be the last time you have a boyfriend ? lena about six month ago . why ? barry I just want to make sure . lena when be the last time you have a girlfriend ? barry where you marry ? lena yeah . barry ok . so you be marry for how long ? lena do you want to meet I and talk about this stuff ? barry ok . where be you from originally ? CUT to : int . royal hawaiian / lobby - later Barry be stand , wait .... hold .... he look across the lobby and see : lena .... she 's walk towards he with a smile on she face .... ... Barry smile and walk towards she .... ... she walk towards he .... ... he extend he arm out for a handshake as they get closer ..... .... she open she arm for a hug as they get closer .... ... they shake / hug / kiss on the cheek ..... then on the mouth . they start make out in the lobby of the hotel . CUT to : ext . royal hawaiian - patio / bar area - magic hour camera roam through the mai tai bar on the beach and find they ; ( lady k play here . ) lena you get I out of my hotel room . you come and get I out of my room . barry yeah ...... yeah ..... lena it 's so nice . barry this really look like Hawaii here . they look at each other . hold , then : angle , moment later . they walk back towards the hotel . camera ( steadicam ) behind they as they move -- CUT to : int . royal hawaiian / hallway - moment later camera follow behind they as they walk ...... Iris into they hand ..... she reach over and hold he hand ..... CUT to : int . royal hawaiian HOTEL room - moment later they're in bed make out with they clothes on and a light on .... they hold a second .... barry do you wanna have sex ? lena yeah . they take they shirt off . lena Press together . it feel good . she cup he face with she hand and tense ; lena oh my god , you be so adorable . I just .... god dammit . barry what 's that ? what be that that you be do ? lena I just ... you face be so adorable and you cheek and you skin , I wanna bite it .... I wanna bite you cheek and chew on it .... god damn cute .... fuck .... barry I know what you mean , I know what you mean , I get this feel -- lena ... what ...? barry IIIIIIIIIII do not want to hurt anything ever , but what I be talk about be -- have you ever hold a little puppy or a little kitten and it 's just the cutest , softest , most precious thing in the world and out of the blue you get this feel in you gut and all you wanna do be squeeze it . just fuckin squeeze the shit out of it . to take a little puppy and smash its skull ... just so precious , so beautiful . just so god damn wonderful and cute you wanna smack it and kick it and love it . fuck . I do not know . I do not know . and you , you ..... I be look at you and I just .... you face be so beautiful I just wanna smash it , just smash it with a sledgehammer and squeeze it ... you be so pretty . they kiss and kiss and kiss ; lena I know . I know . I know . I just wanna chew you face and scoop out you beautiful , beautiful eye with a ice cream scooper and eat ' they and chew them and suck on them . fuck . barry this be funny . lena yeah . barry this be nice . they kiss and make out some more , then : drum roll into snare hit that land on the following scene : CUT to : int . toyota - moving - dawn camera on Mike D and nate drive . hold . Martin rumble out of a half sleep and say ; nate that guy have more money to give up . jim and dave wake up a bit in the back seat and listen ; nate Long way to drive just for seven hundred something buck . Dean do not have to know . hold . silence for a moment . mike D we be not that far .... I mean , if we be go to , we be not that far .... CUT to : ext . highway - night ( blue sky - crack of dawn deal ) the Toyota exit the freeway -- camera track right with it as it make a turn at the base of the off ramp ... .... go under a bridge and then make a turn get back onto the freeway head in the opposite direction . CUT to : int . hawaiian HOTEL room - night / near dawn - later it 's dark and Barry and lena be asleep in bed together . Barry get up , in a haze .... lena move and open she eye .... she watch he as he get up and casually go to the corner of the room and start talk gently to the wall .... barry ( sotto , calm ) you know you be not suppose to do that . because I tell you . seriously . please . not that day . ok . lena Barry ? he do not respond . he 's asleep . he move to the closet and get one of the HOTEL robe and put it on and then he look right at she and say : barry I be talkin ' to you last Thursday about that . he get the robe tie tight around he waste and then get the complimentary slipper and put they on . then he get back into the bed and close he eye . CUT to : int . kahala HOTEL - morning camera push in slow towards lena as she 's on the phone .... camera push in on Barry as he sit across the room , listen in he robe .... they stare at each other the whole time ..... elizabeth ( oc ) they need to see the new 484' to make sure it work with they oc .... lena ok . what should I do about Eric ? elizabeth ( oc ) just tell he to call I . lena ok . elizabeth ( oc ) so ...did my brother call you ? lena no . elizabeth ( oc ) I have no idea what he 's do then . I be sorry that do not work out . lena it 's fine . elizabeth ( oc ) you would not want to go out with he anyway , honestly , he 's such a freak sometimes . lena he do seem a little strange . elizabeth ( oc ) well ... he 's not that strange , do not say that . lena I be sorry . you be right . elizabeth ( oc ) I think he 's weird , but that 's I . lena should I call you later ? elizabeth ( oc ) I will just see you when you get back here . lena ok . they hang up and lena look to Barry and smile . lena where do you have to go ? barry for what ? lena for work ..... barry I do not have any business here . I come here for you , I do not have any business . CUT to : ext . toyota - drive - day ( melody / slight ) camera follow behind the Stevens Brothers car , then get up along side they as they drive back ....... CUT to : int . kahala lobby - day ( score back to rhythmic ) Barry and lena walk out to the valet , leave the hotel ...( steadicam ) behind they ...... CUT to : int . honolulu airport / security - day ( contd . until noted ) lena and Barry go through the x- ray thing . steadicam . CUT to : int . airport / honolulu - at the gate / waiting area side by side on the return flight sit lena and Barry . barry how many time have you be on a airplane ? lena I think maybe over a hundred . barry that 's right you travel so much . lena yeah . beat . the plane start to move . barry how much do you travel ? you travel all the time ? she nod she head , look at he . beat . hold . barry I forget about that . lena can I come home with you when we get there ? barry yeah . lena it 's ok to ask that . barry I think that you be anyway . cu . barry face . he look to lena . drum hit loud . then again .... then again .... and we be in the score cue for .... CUT to black . it 's black for a few moment . CUT to : int . barry garage - night it 's dark . the garage door open and we see Barry and lena in he car ..... they be about to pull in .... ... the toyota pick up carry the Stevens Brothers pull in real fast behind they and rear-end they .... ... camera push in real fast .... Barry turn and see lena 's head have be injure ..... he look behind and see two of the brother emerging from the car ..... ..... he get out quick , head right for they .... mike D get on the ground , man -- get on the fuck -- Barry go absolutely ape shit on mike D and nate ..... .... it 's a mess of violence and brawling and Barry seem to get the best of both nate and mike D ...... the two other brother half get involved / stay in the car ..... ..... camera push in on lena ( 3ufp ) as she notice Barry go pretty fuck crazy ...... angle . barry . as he walk and get back in the car . camera be attach to the open door and close as Barry close the door . barry be you ok ? lena I be fine be you ok ? barry yes I be sorry . lena what be this ? barry let 's go to the hospital . they drive off . int . hospital - later lena be get a bandage apply to she head by a intern . it 's very calm and she 's very matter - of - fact as it happen . Barry stand nearby ..... and officer be ask she a few question ; lena ... people be just crazy in this world , I think .... police ... and he come up on the driver side ... lena the first man come on the driver side .... police ...right ... the blonde one ? lena they be all blonde . camera move over with Barry as he start to back away from the scene ..... camera watch he as he walk off and away , down the hall ..... out of the hospital ...... hold on the back of lena 's head as she get bandage and question ..... CUT to : int . barry warehouse - night camera push in from outside , to inside ... he 's open up and be use the phone .... sexy voice recording -- some of the horniest girl around -- stay on the line and a operator will be right with you .... remember , have you credit card ready and know that mastercard be my favorite credit card . latisha pick up do a fake voice as a " Operator . " latisha ( oc ) this be Janice the operator , who 's this ? barry my name be Barry egan and I speak to you .... you call I , you remember ? intercut : int . provo - bar - back room area - that moment camera push in on latisha as she look for what to say : latisha ...no .... I do not .... I do not remember you . who 's this ? barry that 's not true . that 's not true at all . you say that you name be Georgia and you say we conversation be confidential and I trust you and you keep call and ask I for money , c'mon now I want to talk to you owner , you supervisor , whoever run this , you understand . please connect I now . latisha can you hang on a second ? she put he on hold and dial another number , she 's real nervous , hold it in -- intercut : int . dean's mattress / furniture store - that moment Dean also seem to own a mattress / furniture store in provo . somebody walk towards he , say : worker Dean , line one .... Dean walk back to the phone and pick it up ; dean hello ? latisha hey , it 's I . this guy from L.A. , Barry egan be call on the other line and say all this stuff , he want to talk to a supervisor or whatever -- dean what do you say ? latisha nothing . dean put he through . latisha no , no . this be bad , something might have happen , we should just -- dean shut up , just put he on the phone , it do not matter , just shut up -- intercut now with barry / latisha / dean ; she click over to he ; latisha ok , sir .... I be gonna put you through to my supervisor . barry Fine , thank you . latisha ok . you be connect . dean who be this ? barry hello , my name be Barry egan and I call you service -- dean why do not you shut the fuck up ? barry what ? dean I say calm down and shut the fuck up . what 's you problem ? barry I have not even tell you what 's happen . you girl that you have that work there for you threaten I and two man just chase I -- extort money -- dean go fuck yourself that shit do not have anything to do with I - this be a legitimate bossiness . barry you go fuck yourself . you go fuck yourself . you go fuck yourself . my love be hurt , she got hurt . I am in love with her and you hurt you and you be gonna fucking get hurt . you don't touch her , I love her . dean calm down shut the fuck up and calm down shut shut shut up shut up -- they stop scream . then : dean now be you threaten I , dick ? barry you be bad . you be a bad person . you be a bad person and you have no right to take people 's confidence in you service -- dean you better watch you mouth , cunt , you be gonna get hurt . barry no . no . don't you say that . dean I will say whatever I want -- barry you fuck off . you fuck off and die I will hurt you for hurting her . you hurt her . dean you just tell I to fuck off . that be not good . you be dead . Dean hang up the phone . angle , barry . he turn away and walk quickly out of he office with the phone receiver to he ear ..... the base of the phone slide off the desk ..... and then the receiver rip from the base and he start to run .... ext . warehouse - night Barry run down the alley way , much the same he run down with the harmonium at the beginning of the movie ... this time he have the phone in he hand ..... he run ...... CUT to : int . hospital / reception area - night Barry return look for lena . she 's not there . he look around .... do some math in he head ..... then : CUT to : int . hospital / pay phone camera round a corner and discover Barry on a pay phone ... the other end be ringing ..... ( sound / prop dept . note : this must be a work phone to call 801-555- 1212 ) operator what city ? barry somewhere in Utah . operator what 's the list ? barry d&d mattress man. CUT to : ext . STREET / mattress store - day cu. on Barry ....( utah cab behind he ) pan he around to reveal ; Dean 's furniture store . CUT to : int . mattress store - day he enter .... and employee approach ; employee May I help you ? barry I be look for the mattress man . employee who ? barry whoever own this . employee in the back ..... Barry walk towards the back ..... he round a corner .... to reveal : dean be in a back room , he 's get he hair cut by latisha ..... he turn and look at Barry , who stand there with the phone in he hand . they stare at each other . barry I be a nice and reasonable man . I do not do anything wrong . please do not make I hurt you . and I be tell you : that if you ever hurt I or if you hurt someone that I love ..... I will hurt you many , many , many time over ..... because it 's not right to take people 's trust . dean you come all the way from Los Angeles to tell I that ? barry yes I do . Dean do not respond . barry can we agree that that be that ? dean that 's that . barry thank you . Barry hand he the phone . Barry exit ..... as he 's about to go out the door , Dean scream ; dean now get the fuck outta here man . camera , push in very slightly on Barry as he exit the door ( 30 fps ) CUT to : int . warehouse - day Barry come run into the warehouse .... lance and all the worker be there ..... he run past they ... lance / worker .... be you ok ? what 's goin ' on ? Barry ? Barry ? barry I be fine .... I be fine ... yes I be fine .... lance where you be ? barry well I have to go to Utah ... but now I be here and I will be right back . CUT to : int . lena's apartment - corridor / various various : Barry get out of the elevator carry the harmonium .... he make the leave turn this time ..... Barry run down the hallway with the harmonium ..... ( long lens , steadicam from behind , in front , etc . ) CUT to : int . lena's apartment / hallway - that moment he burst through the door . he place the harmonium down on the ground ..... he ring the bell ..... ... she answer .... he say : barry lena I be so sorry . I be so sorry that I leave you at the hospital ..... I call a phone sex line . I call a phone sex line before I meet you and then this four blond brother come after I and you get hurt and I be sorry -- and I have to leave because I do not want you to get hurt again and now I be here and I be back and I have a lot of pudding that I can redeem in six to eight week and if you give I that much time I can get enough mile to fly with you wherever you have to go if you have to travel for you job because I do not want to be anywhere without you ..... can you please let I redeem the mileage ? lena you leave I at the hospital . barry I be sorry . lena you can not do that . barry ok . beat . barry if you give I six to eight week I can redeem the mileage and then I can with you wherever you have to travel ...... lena so here we go . camera push in as my kiss . reverse , barry . camera slowly push in as he hug lena . land in cu . fade out ...