p U R p L E R a I N screenplay by Albert magnoli formerly dream by William blinn scan &amp ; edited by lovesexy ( lovesexy@umich.edu ) cyberpushed by p.l.t.t. ( pltt@umich.edu ) ------------------------------------------------------------------- ( 1 ) Black screen SOUND under : music building in intensity as -- prince ( over ) dearly belov`ed , we be gather here today to get through this thing call life . electric word life , it mean forever and that 's a mighty long time . but I be here to tell you that there 's something else -- the afterworld . then huge cu of eye open , gaze into mirror , hand apply makeup , sudden blackness , then -- prince ( co not ) that 's right ... a world of never -end happiness , you can always see the sun -- Day or night . burn in MAIN title : purple rain prince ( co not ) so when you call up that shrink in beverly Hills , you know the one -- Doctor everything will be alright -- instead of ask he how much of you mind be leave , ask he how much of you time , ` Cause in this life , thing be much harder than in the afterworld , in this life , you be on you own . now , pulsate color -- flash of hot , white light ... prince ( co not ) and if de -elevator try to bring you down , go crazy , punch a higher floor . and the beat provocative now , relentless , build with fierce intent to -- ( 2 ) int . club ( 1st ave . ST. bar ) -- night the mecca ! the last stop for a band before national fame . the huge cavernous hall be packed ! people be dancing like mad ! video screen with wild graphic hang suspend from the ceiling . beautiful waitress criss -cross the floor in a frenzy . prince be CENTER -stage -- lip caress the mike , black , lustrous hair shine , eye dance -- singing " let 's get crazy " as the crowd pulsate beneath the laser light . the music continue as we ... CUT to : ( 3 ) ext . street # 1 -- night a taxi pull up with a screech . vanity slouches in the backseat . Black boot , black skin-tight pants , and a mane of thick , black hair present a beautiful and impose figure . her eye be large and dark -- she look open and ripe . she know what she 's get , and do not make any excuse for it -- but the fact be she 's scared as hell , possess a vulnerability that surprise she by its suddenness . a expensive gold chain be fastened on one boot . she scrounge through she bag -- pull out she remain cash . it 's drastically short of what she owe and she know it . she toss it onto the front seat , jump from the cab , streak across the street . the cabbie let out a yell and jump out after she . " let 's get crazy " continue as we ... CUT to : ( 4 ) int . shower , morris ' apt . -- night morris day stand in the shower , steam whirling about he face . he 's 22 year old , matinee - idol sexy with large , dark , bedroom eye . he headline a slick techno-funk group call the time which sport gangster suit and wide - brimm hat . he 's gift with a wealth of self - laudatory humor which he use like a knife , move through life with a calm , but ruthless grace . make no mistake , Morris be nobody 's fool . his seem out - raceousness , he charm -- every move he make be for a calculate effect . he know exactly what the lady need , and do not mind remind they should they forget ... he break into a wide grin . Hair stand up like Don King , he wipe off a hand mirror , regards himself unabashedly as he brushes he tooth . " let 's get crazy " continue as we ... CUT to : ( 5 ) int . basement , prince' home -- night Prince sit in front of the mirror , finish apply he makeup . Black hair flow , eye wide and fantastic , he regards himself a moment before jumging up . he put on a high - collare overcoat , grab he guitar move quickly to the basement window . he hoist himself through it , disappear into the night . " let 's get crazy " continue as we ... CUT to : ( 6 ) ext . corner , street # 1 -- night a police car , light flashing , sit at the curb . a small crowd have rathere about . the cabbie stand on the sidewalk gesticulate angrily to a cop . vanity stand by the police car , obviously board , another cop by she side . her eye be fastened on a good - look businessman stand nearby ... a silent negotiation seem to be go on . understand waft between they like a pass breeze . without take he eye off she , the businessman approach the cabbie , start talk ... " let 's get crazy " continue as we ... CUT to : ( 7 ) int . morris ' bedroom -- night Morris move lasciviously into the bedroom wear a red muscle T-shirt , orange baggy short , and green knee - hi sock fastened to garter . a yellow bandanna hold up he hair . the bedroom be a mess . a vacuum cleaner stand like a sentry in the middle of the floor . he turn it on , blaze a path to he closet . he yank out a well - press suit , hold it against he , strike a sexy , half - lidd pose only a mother could love -- morris ( awed ) oh , Lord ... " let 's get crazy " continue as we ... CUT to : ( 8 ) ext . club ( 1st ave . ST. bar ) -- night the street be swollen with traffic . kide be pack onto the sidewalk , wait to get into the club . Prince , riding he motorcycle , weave between jamme car , then blast down a narrow alley lead to the rear entrance . his guitar be sling across he back . he chain up he bike , move past a crowd of kide , cut inside . ' let 's get crazy " continue as we ... CUT to : ( 9 ) ext . street # 2 -- night a seville sweep to a stop . the businessman be at the wheel . vanity step from the car languidly and offer a curt wave goodbye . the car pull away . she stand serenely a moment as the car twist around the corner . she grab she bag , rush into a dark alley . she pull a handful of cash from she pocket , count through it quickly . ' let 's get crazy " - continue as we ... CUT to : ( 10 ) ext . morris ' apartment -- night the door open -- Morris step confidently into the night . the change in he appearance be breathtaking . a cashmere coat be drape over he shoulder , a white scarf hang loosely about he neck . wearing a sharp , gangster - style suit , he hair be a pompadour , and stacy Adams on he foot - - Morris be the very picture of elegance . he do not just walk to the curb , he slide -- he promenade punctuate with a dip at the knee you could snap you finger to . jerome be at the curb , buffing down the bumper of a yellow , 1970 fleetwood cadillac . Jerome be solidly build , smooth - face handsome with a boyish charm all he own . he 's a member of the time , and act as Morris ' chauffeur , valet , and all - purpose shadow . he move quickly to the door , hold it open as Morris settles himself into the backseat . he close it with a flair , hop behind the wheel , pull out . ' let 's get crazy " continue as we ... CUT to : ( 11 ) int . dressing room , club -- night Prince be backstage , practice spin in front of the mirror . the other member of he croup be scattered throughout the room . bobby sit off to the side , he drumstick tapping against he knee . matt put on he doctor 's smock . lisa and wendy finish apply they makeup . MARK run he finger up and down the neck of he bass guitar . suddenly a stagehand poke he head into the room , hold the door open as Prince and he band cut quickly to the stage . ' let 's get crazy ' continue as we ... CUT to : ( 12 ) int . motel room -- night the door open -- a light go on . vanity stand in the hallway , peer cautiously into a squalid , rundown room . she hesitates briefly , seem to sigh , then indicate she will take it . the manager close the door as he leave . she stand a moment , survey the room . a bed and bureau , sink , a chair , hotplate -- simply the essential . she pull a dress from she bag , a pair of hi - heel , some glove , underwear . she hang the dress on a rod , place the shoe beneath it , arrange the rest in a bureau drawer . she look around once more -- flower wallpaper peel from the wall . she rush to the window , tear open the shutter -- iron bar obstruct she view ... ( 13 ) ext . club -- night ( vanity' Pov ) ... kide be crowded in front of the club . a yellow caddy screech up in front . traffic be jamme all around . the night be electric -- the scene beckon ... ( 14 ) int . vanity' hallway -- night she run from the room , cut down the hallway , slanming the door behind she ... " let 's get crazy " continue as we ... CUT to : ( 15 ) ext . club ( 1st ave . ST. bar ) -- night Jerome open the door of the caddy , help Morris out . the crowd recognize they immediately , rush in for a closer look . Morris love the attention , play to they enthusiasm with a relish . Jerome snap a comb into he hand , hold up a pocket mirror ... Morris comb he hair dramatically , the crowd encourage he on . Jerome give he the ok sign , usher he into the club . " let 's get crazy " continue as we ... CUT to : ( 16 ) int . club ( 1st ave . ST. bar ) -- night Prince onstage perform " let 's get crazy . " he 's lock into a guitar solo , move provocatively with Wendy . the crowd be pack onto the dance floor , thick against the stage . Jerome make he way through the crowd , blaze a path for Morris who be surround by a dozen babe . occasionally Morris glance at Prince -- disclose by he look that he do not care much for he act -- or he music ... he break off from the Girls , follow Jerome to the backstage entrance where they be join by other member of the time -- jesse and jellybean among they . Morris cast another glance toward Prince , break into a self - satisfied grin - - morris we be go to slay he ... ( scream ) whawhak ! " let 's get crazy " continue as we ... CUT to : ( 17 ) ext . club -- night commotion ! the crowd have become unwieldly -- traffic be snarl all around . horn be blaring . cop try desperately to ward off the inevitable grid lock . vanity run against the light , move to the head of the queue to the accompaniment of jeer and catcall . she do not budge a inch , knock rapidly on the glass door , catch the attention of chick , a burly , 6'5 " , 285 pound bouncer with a white beard and long flow hair . a ex - Marine , chick 's function be obvious . he crack the door -- chick what ? vanity I have a appointment with the manager . chick no you do not -- he do not see anybody . suddenly a fight break out at the inside money window . chick spin instantly , slam the door -- but vanity jam she boot into the narrow space . the door crash against she instep , she wince in pain -- but chick do not notice . he 's already upon the offender , heaving they against the wall . vanity streak inside , blaze up the stairway , duck behind a group of girl ... chick turn instantly -- the door be close -- vanity , go . his eye dart up the stairway -- nothing . he shrug , drag the two guy off . ( 18 ) int . club -- upper bar area -- night vanity watch as he move away . she jump up , lunge onto the dance floor , crash into a waitress , jill , whose tray smashes to the floor -- jill what be you retarded or something ?! why do not you look where you be go ? she 's 18 year old , blonde and pretty in a cute , innocent way . a Daisy mae-type whose emotion form so quickly , she have trouble sorting they out . right now she 's mad as hell -- she think -- vanity sorry ... where 's the office ? Jill squat , pick up the break glass - - jill do you think you can just come in here and take over ? vanity I say I be sorry -- what do you want I to do ? where 's the office ? Jill point -- vanity hurry away -- jill ( triumphantly ) no one 's in ! vanity stop dead in she track , do a slow burn . she walk back to Jill -- vanity okay , so you get I back , fine . listen , I be from out of town . I have to see the manager , it 's important . I be a real good singer and dancer . I know he could use I . jill do you have any experience ? vanity simmer , enunciate every word -- vanity yeah ... definitely . jill follow I . and she turn on she heel , make she way through the club , move into the vicinity of the stage . vanity follow she reluctantly , cast a look to the band . she spot Prince for the first time -- stop instantly ... his effect on she be instantaneous . Passion surge through she like a tidal wave . his hair , face , eye -- it all conspire to make she weak . it 's like meeting someone for the first time , but see so much of yourself in they , that they lip , eye , mouth -- you be certain you have touch , and the desire to be with they become so strong that the very act of touch will release you in a way you never think possible ... Prince brine " let 's get crazy " to a rouse , blister end . suddenly the stage be plunge into darkness . the crowd go wild ! ... vanity snap out of it . Jill be tug at she arm , a puzzle look on she face -- jill here , fill this out -- I will have he call you . vanity I do not have a phone . when will he be back ? jill well ... you can try tomorrow . vanity you can count on it . vanity hand the card back to she -- Jill read the name , address -- look up puzzle -- jill vanity ?? backstage as Morris and the time pass Prince on they way to the stage -- morris why do not you stay awhile , see how it 's do . the Band member bust up -- but Prince ignore they , then -- mc lady and gentleman -- please welcome the time . club sudden applause and cry . vanity and Jill turn directly into the path of Prince , descend the step of the stage . vanity gasp , lock eye with he . Jill seem to jump out of she skin -- it 's obvious she have a crush on he something awful -- jill hi ya , Prince -- God I like that song , it 's real fun . she fidget uncontrollably , vanity 's card bure a hole into she hand . Prince glance at the card , then stare at vanity , the ripeness of she look paralyze . he tear he eye away , put on he sungless , look toward the stage . ( 18a ) int . club -- near stage -- night morris and the time rip into a funk tune call " jungle Love . " they stranglehold on the audience be instantaneous . Morris strut across the stage like a panther , play to the audience with a relish . his eye fastened on Prince -- he pride umistakable . prince watch Morris a moment , then eye vanity again . the heat between they be apparent . vanity 's heart be pound , she 's not sure what to do . she keep she eye on Morris , hope that a solution will present itself . prince watch as Jill tack the card to a board behind the bar . sizing up the situation quickly , he again glance at vanity -- but she eye be fastened on Morris . feeling terribly shy and think there 's nothing he can do to divert she attention away from he , he reluctantly head for the front door . vanity finally hit upon something to say , turn -- vanity I really like you song too ... but he 's go . her eye scan the room frantically -- catch a glimpse of he leave . she take a sudden step , then stop , paralyze with indecision . Jill regards ger coldly . morris meanwhile be beside himself . some gorgeous , dark - haire babe , eye wide as saucer be starlng at he from the bar . Prince have leave , and this girl be he . he motion to Jerome , and they direct they act in she direction . jill gaze at vanity , fidget intensely , suspicious and resentful of she . she glance up and notice Morris , look . she seize upon a idea , force a friendly smile , tap vanity on the shoulder -- jill hey ... she point to the stage . vanity look at Morris , and he go crazy , entertaining she with he own special blend of showmanship . the crowd love it ! vanity be hold a moment , but she thoucht be elsewhere . she finally come to a decision , pull away , cut through the club . ( 18b ) int . foyer and stairway -- night as she run down the stair , cut behind chick , burst out the door . ( 19 ) ext . club -- night frantic ! the street be thick with traffic . she scan they wildly -- nothing . suddenly Prince , astride he motorcycle , blaze past she from the opposite direction . she start run , shout -- vanity hey wait ! but Prince be too far away , the traffic too coneest for he to hear . he whip down the street , disappear around the corner . vanity continue run , then slow , dejection overcome she in wave . she look around -- kide be stare at she , pass joke . embarrass , she move to the front door but chick be there , he eye upon she cold , impassionate . exhausted and slighlty tearlul , she cut across the street , head back to she apartment . ( 20 ) ext . prince' house -- night Prince whip down the street , cut he motor , coast up the drive . he come to a stop against a wooden gate . his house be a nondescript , one - family structure with a wide front porch . he life in a neat and tidy , homogeneous , lower middle - class neighborhood whose occupant be hard - work type fiercely protective of they privacy . he climb the step to the porch , open the front door ... ...his mother scream be like ice in he vein . fear trickle into the hollow of he body like cold water , his pain command he to move , but the impulse short circuit somewhere at the waist , leave he leg twitching uncontrollably . then another scream from he mother , and he father 's voice now , loud and furious -- father ( o.s. ) listen to I ! you come home when I say come home ! you have get no business in the street ! whack ! his mother scream -- Prince burst into the room . ( 21 ) int . Prince 's live room -- night Prince 's mother be at the far side of the live room crying uncontrollable . she 's in she early 40' , a dark - haire , fade beauty , with large , wild , anxious eye . there 's a detectable scent of liquor in the air , and she slur speech pin she as the source . his father be in he late 40' , a squat , but solidly build black man , with a cherubic face , and graceful expressive hand . he 's upon she now , whacking ! at she horribly , try to get to she face -- father you do what I say , do you hear I ?! you have get to keep this place clean ! you here , no place else ! mother you be crazy ! whack ! mother asshole ! whack ! mother motherfucker !!! the Father lunge , whack ! she across the face . she topple to the floor , a lamp crash to the ground . Prince cut through the room , lunge desperately in front of he -- prince ( plead ) please , dad ... she 's hear you . she 's have enough ! his mother drag herself up along the wall -- mother ( hysterical ) he 's try to kill I ! he 's crazy ! look what he 's do to I ! prince ( tearfully ) dad , please ... she 's -- whack ! Prince 's head snap back , he foot lift from the floor , he body crash in a heap by the door ... stun silence . Prince , flat on he back , fight vertigo with everything he 's get . his mother let out a yelp , rush into the bedroom , slam the door . his Father stand motionless , sullen -- father get up ... you be not hurt . Prince open he mouth , blood gush from a gash in he tongue . he hoist himself up slowly , use the wall for support . he move into the kitchen , disappear down the basement step . ( 22 ) basement -- hallway and bedroom -- night a naked light bulb snap on . it dangle like a pendulum , casting strange shadow . the basement be partition off into a series of room , interconnected by a labyrinthine coimbination of passage . a old washer and dryer stand in the corner . Prince descend the step slowly . he come through a door , close it behind he . he move down a narrow passageway , enter a small cramped bedroom . he close the door and lock it behind he . moonlight filter in throuch the cacement window . the total effect be like enter a womb , a deep dark chamber of security and safety . lying heavily onto he bed , he sigh long and deep , he eye pierce the darkness ... fade out : fade in : ( 23 ) int . club early morning music waft through the sun-drenched club . Jill be seat at the piano , 'a la marlene Dietrich , singing to she heart 's content . a cigarette dangle from she lip , a police cap be perch jauntily on she head . it 's a simple bar tune , deliver slightly off - key , but with a openness that be endear . chick be work in the corner , chuckle to himself , stack chair , sweeping up . suddenly she stop -- listen intently . she jump up , deliberately spill she orange juice on the piano . Prince come around the corner , stop short -- prince ( surprised ) what be you do here ? she 's a bundle of loose , embarrassing end -- the cigarette , hat , juice -- jill what ... what be you do here ? he feel catch out -- scan the board earnestly for vanity 's info -- try to think of something to say -- prince huh ... it 's kind of dead in here . where be everybody ? jill in bed I guess ... ( to herself ) oh , God ... ( change subject ) guess what , I buy a dog . prince that 's nice ... ( he spot vanity 's card ) ah , I guess I will come back at a better time . you think tonight the the place will be jump ? jill well , I will be here -- I always like what you do . he smile , move to the door -- Jill connect with a think -- jill wait ! I have get something for you . prince what ? a subpoena ? jill ( embarrassed ) no ... she rumage through she bag , pull out a cassette - - jill it 's a song Lisa and Wendy write . he stiffen , do not reach for it -- prince ( suspicious ) why do not they give it to I themselves ? jill well , I like it and want to listen to it . they tell I to give it to you when I be do . he put he sunglass on , hesitates , then take it from she gingerly . he regards it for a long time -- prince you really like it , huh ? ( 24 ) int . rehearsal hall -- day music throbs throuch the cramme , rundown rehearsal hall . hardwood floor , a wall of mirror , and a bank of window provide the set . sunlight stream through tatter yellow shade . the time be set up on one side provide the music for " sex shooter " a saucy number with a irresistible beat . Morris , with Jerome by he side , stand in the middle of the floor , shout instruction to ... ... brenda and susan , gamely try some intricate dance step . Brenda be 21 year old , blond , sexy , with a allure new - wave look . Susan be 16 year old , with dark , lustrous hair and a sexy baby - doll quality . right now they be tired as hell , and a little angry -- morris one , two , three , kick ! one , two , three , kick ! four , five ... oh , lord. cut! cut ! the music stop , the girl come to a halt -- Morris regards they evenly -- morris you lady do not seem to realize how valuable my time be . you be go to make my boy look bad . brenda why do not you let we come up with we own step ? Morris glare at she -- morris we try that ... ( sweetly ) ... remember ? the Girls fidget -- morris now you be in the best possible position you can be in , so what ' 's the matter -- you shoe on too tight or something ? ( clap he hand ) let 's have some action , let 's have some ass wiggling , I want some perfection . whawhak ! the music start up -- the Girls start dance . Morris look woefully to Jerome --- morris I think I be go to need a drink , a strong drink . ( a beat ) let 's get the hell out of here . ( 25 ) ext . street and alley -- downtown -- day Morris and Jerome move brisk iy down the sidewalk -- morris this just be not happen . the bitch be okay , but we need something more exciting - jerome you be right . we could be do much better . any idea ? morris that powder fine babe we see last night . jerome oooh , yeee ! -- why do not we find out who she be ? Morris snap a address in front of he face -- morris I already know that . Jill give I everything last night . whawhak ! jerome then what be we wait for ? let 's go ! morris no , no -- that be not classy enough . I want the bitch to come to I -- I be the only star in this town . suddenly a beautiful babe lunge into the sidewalk from the alley -- babe ( yell ) Morris Day , who do you think you be ?! I wait up all night for you . I be so tired of you do that to I . you think you be so hot ? you be nothing special . this be the third time you pull that shit . who the fuck do you think I be ?! morris Jerome ! Jerome put the girl in a headlock , drag she into the alley -- babe ( scream ) leave I alone you ape ! -- what be you do to I ?! Morris !! he fling she into the dumpster , slam the lid with a crash . Morris pat he brow -- morris lo-rd ..! such nastiness . ( a beat ) hee , hee -- let 's break . they streak across the street , double - time it to the caddy . a cop sweep by , give they a curious look . Morris put on a dignify air , then stop , stupify -- morris Jerome , this car -- it 's ... it 's lack something . what do you think ? jerome hmm ... I do not know ... morris I get it ! the hubcap . we need something sweeter . jerome I think I know what it need . Morris be ponder he stacy Adams -- morris yeah ... I know what this need . ( 26 ) int . shoeshine stand -- downtown -- day Morris sit in the chair , he stacy Adams work on by a old , grizzle shoeshine boy in he mid-sixty , with large jowl and silver close - cropped hair . Jerome stand nearby , watch intently -- morris ( muse ) the girl have expensive taste . I wonder if she can sing . jerome as fine as she be ... she do not have to know how to sing . morris ( grace ) I know that 's right . ( to shoeshine ) hey -- watch it now . the shoeshine Boy look up balefully -- Morris smile , then grit he tooth -- morris I want you to stay out of the set tonight . I want you to work the floor . jerome what for ? morris I want to know when that sweet thing show up . you stay by the door , you see she , you come get I , cool ? jerome cool . I come get you -- let you know the girl 's there . morris well , not if I be with my other babe . that would not be cool . I do not want to break they heart , and you know how I feel abouy that . so we ought to have like , a signal . jerome a password . morris okay . what 's the password ? jerome you get it . morris get what ? jerome the password . morris the password be what ? jerome exactly . morris the password be exactly ? jerome no , it 's -- morris -- hold it now . slow down . the babe walk in and you see she . jerome I see she . morris you come get I . jerome I come get you . morris and I will probably have a couple little sexies on the stand - by , and we do not want to upset they , do we ? so you just glide by I and say ... what ? jerome okay . morris the password be okay ? jerome Far as I be concerned . morris dammit ! say the password . jerome what . morris say the password , sperm breath ! jerome the password be what . morris ( frustrated ) that 's what I be ask you ! jerome ( more frustrated ) it 's the password ! morris the password be it ? jerome ( exasperate ) ahhhhh ! the password be what ! morris it ! you just say so ! jerome the password be not it ! the password be -- morris -- what ? jerome get it ! morris 1 get it ? jerome right . morris it or right ? jerome ( perplex ) what ?? the shoeshine Boy look up slowly -- regards they with a soulfull look -- shoeshine boy either of you do heavy drug ? ( 27 ) ext . store window and mall shop -- downtown -- afternoon the sidewalk be alive with bustling shopper . vanity walk aimlessly past store window , stare longingly at the expensive item . bridal shop as she stop suddenly and stare transfix . a young woman , startingly similiar to she in look and coloring , try on a beautiful bridal gown as a seamstress adjust the hem . the entire scene be warm and endear . vanity be strike by lot 's beauty and seem to sigh . the Young woman look up suddenly , catch vanity 's gaze , and give she a affectionate smile . vanity smile back avidly , then -- prince ( 0 . S .) give I that . she look up startle -- prince there ... on you boot . she look down -- it 's the expensive gold chain . she hesitates , then hand it to he . he drop it into he pocket , walk away -- vanity hey , wait ! she run after he -- vanity give it back to mee he continue to walk briskly -- she start pull on he coat -- prince you can have it back later . vanity I want it back now , okay ? prince who give it to you ? vanity a person prince female or male ? vanity huh ... prince you be lie . I can tell just by you reaction that you be lie . he move away briskly -- vanity stand she ground , amused -- prince so you give it to I -- it 's not yours anymore . he stop short -- something have catch he eye . she 's curious , come up behind he , then -- vanity you see something you like ? he put on he sunglass . a guitar stand prominently in the window . prince let 's go for a ride . he flip she the gold chain ' -- turn hastily . she weigh it in she hand , study the guitar -- vanity it 's pretty . ( 28 ) ext . highway -- dusk Prince and vanity on he motorcycle blaze down the highway , twist through traffic . the CITY be behind they , recede into the distance . ( 29 ) ext. countryside -- dusk they pull off a access road , drop down a small embankment , ride down a narrow , dirt road . lakeside the pull to a stop . a lake stretch before they . vanity get off the bike , walk around explore , casting curious glance at Prince . he stand by the water , idly toss stone -- vanity my psychic tell rne I be go to be famous . prince how much do that cost you ? vanity fifty buck . it be a good investment . he do not respond -- she suddenly feel shy -- vanity no seriously -- my psychic do tell I . I be in a play once . prince oh , yeah -- what do you play ? vanity isadora Duncan ... she stretch she arm like a butterfly , do a little step -- vanity that mean I can sing and dance . ( a beat ) want to help I ? prince ( swiftly ) nope . vanity ( surprised ) pardon I ? prince nope . she 's perplex -- prince want to know why ? vanity ( defensively ) nope . prince ( a beat ) because you would not pass the initiation . vanity what initiation ? prince well , for starter ycu have to purify yourself in the water of Lake minnetonka . vanity what ? prince you have to purify yourself in Lake minnetonka . her brow furrow , she look out across the lake . he 's calmly throw stone . recognize a challenge when she see one , she formulate a plan , face he seductively , shoot he a open look . he stop suddenly , lock eye with she , feel he knee go weak . her hold on he be unmistakable . she pull off she blouse in one fluid motion , tug off she boot , drop she pants to the ground . she 's exquisite , take a step toward he . Passion ring in he vein ... suddenly she turn on she heel , move purposefully toward the water . he 's shocked , realize that she 's about to go in -- prince hey , wait a minute ! thats -- but she silence he savagely -- vanity we make a deal ! and before he can react she scamper along a log , dive beneath the surface . he can not believe it -- she spirit really impress he . she break the surface cough and sputtering , hop and jump to the shore -- prince hold it . vanity what ? prince that be not Lake minnetonka . he try to keep a straight face , jump on he motorcvcle , start it up . his word take a moment to sink in , then -- vanity ( enraged ) you bastard . I do not believe it . how could you do that to I ?! she gather up she clothes , try desperately to put they on . she slip and fall -- Prince can not help laugh - - vanity damn you -- I will kill you . she start throw stone . he laugh , blast up the path -- vanity ( scream ) you prick ! be you sick ?! be this some kind of ritual -- get you kick ! how many girl have you do this to ? access road he blaze up the embankment , sail through the air , drop expertly onto the road . he fishtail to a slick stop . vanity be by the lake , flail about , throw thing , try to get into she boot -- vanity bastard ! he laugh heartily , want to kid she , ride down the road as if he 's leave . have he fun , he slow , turn to go back ... ...his smile dissolves instantly . vanity be in the middleof the road , flagging down a small pickup truck . she hop in , slam the door . the truck peel out , bear down upon he . he gesticulates he arm wildly -- want to explain -- prince hey ... but the truck streak past -- vanity 's look be cold , triumphant . ( 30 ) int . club ( 1st ave . ST. bar ) -- night music . the club be packed ! the modern aire be onstage , a hi-techno funk group , perform they trademark , a frenzied song entitle " modern aire " the floor be dense with kide , all perform the same syncopate dance . prince move through the club slowly , seem to be search someone out . his face be draw and haggard , he spirit strain . he cut past the bar , barely acknowledge Jill , or the other waitress by she side , kim and katy . Jill look concerned -- kim honey , you still chase after that fool ? Kim be 21 year and gorgeous , with dark eye , a smooth sculpt face , and taut shapely leg . she be street -educate and do not need encourage to speak she mind . Katy be also in she -early 20' , a tall , allure Oriental , with a attractive , intelligent face -- jill I be do what I be do . it 's my business . katy he do not even look at you . that 's the last thing you want from a man . jill you just do not know he like I do . kim honey ... look , listen , and then feel . if you do they in any other order , you be head for trouble . Matt and Bobby ( member of Prince 's group ) stroll up -- bobby hey , Jill -- where 's we drink ? jill they be come -- just wait . Matt stare hungrily at she breast -- jill what you want be not on the menu . bobby Jill , in ten year they will be on the table . she swat he with she order pad -- Bobby duck , taunt she -- bobby c'mon , c'mon ... she go to swing , Matt move in , squeeze she breast -- matt ( horn sound ) boopoo !! kim get out of here , you jerk ! matt sweetheart ... do you have a real hot place where I could stick my nose ? kim sure -- try a microwave . the guy bust up , head for they table - - katy that guy be deep . kim yeah -- deeply retarded . ( 31 ) int . / ext . club -- money window -- night vanity stand in line wait to get in . she wear a short , black dress and red heel , carry a black and red clutchbag . her hair be sweep back and wind -blown , she eye dark and dance . she look wickedly wonderful and know it . chick stand by the window , arm fold , as massive as a sequoia . he regards she suspiciously -- vanity ( sweetly ) I be pay ... see ? ( to cashier , gruff ) keep the change . chick advance on she -- she eye widen with fear -- chick the manager want to see you . vanity really ..? oh , great ... like to see he too . she breath a sigh of relief . jerome watch as chick escort vanity to the upper level . he stay short distance behind . ( 32 ) int . club upper level -- night as vanity and chick come to a halt in the middle of the for ioor - - chick he will be right with you . chick walk away . Jerome make a move toward she , but pull himself up short - - billy SPARKS have approach she -- billy SPARKS hi , I be billy spark , I manage this place . vanity turn around -- she eye widen with surprise -- he 's 38 year old , 5 '3 " tall and weigh about 180 pound . he 's dress in a baby - blue run suit . and white tennis shoe that come to a point . a dark - skinned , smooth - face black man , he 's wear small , white sunglass and a base - ball cap perch on he head . Fred flintstone in harlem . a hip , fast - talk jive motherfucker who use profanity like a light saber . chubby , cuddly , cherubic billy spark . he would sell he mother if he think he could make a buck . they size one another up in . about three second -- vanity hi -- I really like you club . billy really ... vanity what time be it ? billy nine , sweet . vanity oh , that 's a really nice watch . very pretty . billy light a cigarette , offer she one , she accept -- vanity you look like a guy I use to go out with -- he be a lot older , but I like older man . billy really , what a coincidence . vanity I just come off a Broadway play . my grandmother get sick . billy do she live here ? vanity no , in New York ... ( catch herself ) but , huh , I have a sister here , life in Saint ... huh ... billy ... Paul . vanity amazing . billy ye -es. ( smile ) what do you want to do ? you do not want to be a waitress do you ? vanity no ... no ... actually I be think more in the way of the stage . billy of course ... how about dinner ? vanity theatre ? billy dinner , then the theatre , my sweet . vanity oh , huh ... Jerome appear -- jerome hi ya , billy . billy good evening , Jerome . vanity see she escape -- vanity Jerome -- I be look all over for you ! they both look at she surprised -- billy you know each other ? vanity of course . Jerome go along with it -- jerome yes , we have meet . I have something to show you . vanity great . see you later , billy . she walk away with Jerome , arm in arm -- vanity you rescue I . jerome ( smile ) ye -es . ( 33 ) int . dressing room -- night Prince and he band ( Mark , Bobby , Matt , Lisa ) sit backstage , wait to go on . a air of tension permeate the room . Lisa sit in the corner and fidget , cast sidelong look to Prince . he sit apart from the group , deathly silent , lock in thouqht . Wendy walk in and share a look with Lisa . she go up to Prince , she voice fill with nervousness -- wendy hi ya , Prince . I hear through the grapevine you have a new tune write by two great girl . by chance do you hear it ? he stare at she -- if look could kill Wendy would be dead -- lisa I know it -- he do not listen to it . he probably drop it under he bike and roll over it . Prince grunt , turn away -- Wendy be amaze -- wendy wow ! okay ... you think about this . I be go to be real honest with you . you be really be full of shit . lisa forget about it , Wendy . let 's get out of here -- but Wendy , agitate , silence she with a fierce gesture -- wendy ( to Prince ) every time we give you a song , you say you be go to use it , but you never do . you always think that we be do something behind you back . you be just be paranoid as usual . lisa Wendy ... wendy ( upset ) shut up , Lisa , please ! ( to Prince ) you should know by now that we would not hurt vou . we be not out to put a dark cloud over you head . it 's just to make you feel good , Prince -- that 's what it 's all about . you have be this way with we before , remember ? prince ( maliciously ) the nominee for the best actress be -- lisa -- fuck it , Wendy -- let 's break ! Wendy be shaking , tear spring to she eye -- wendy do you know you can really , really hurt people ? do not that mean anything to you ? do not that make you feel like shit ? lisa c'mon ... wendy I be tired of this ... I be really tired ... they leave the room , Wendy slam the door behind she . Prince cast a look to Bobby , Mark , Matt -- prince you tired , too ? matt God get Wendy 's period reverse . about every 28 day , she start act nice . last about a weekend . thud . the joke hang suspend like a ball and chain . Bobby get up , the other follow he to the door -- bobby what difference do it make , Prince . we be still a group , right ? they cut out the door . ( 34 ) int . hallway -- night Bobby , Matt and Mark move briskly to the stage -- MARK headcase . telling you ... ' effed up headcase . bobby people with talent usually be . Matt don he surgeon 's mask -- Mark roll he eye -- MARK of course , there be a number of headcase without great talent too . ( 35 ) int / backstage entrance /club -- night Morris stand by the door surround by several delicious babe . one of they , wear a tight , red dress , look especially entice . Morris lean in closer -- she tasty breast strain against the spandex material -- morris honey -- do not you ever try and breastfeed no baby now . girl why not ? morris never mind ... Jerome appear -- jerome what . morris what ? jerome right . what . morris what ?? jerome you get it . be snap he head to the side -- Morris look , see vanity sit at a table . his eye dance mischievously -- morris ye -es ( to girl ) what time be it ? girl ( coyly ) tea time . morris so , right . ( 36 ) int . dressing room -- night as Prince sit by himself in front of the mirror , stare at a cassette on the counter . we recognize it immediately as the tape Jill give he earlier , contain Lisa 's and Wendy 's music . he pick it up , snap it into a ghetto blaster . music , without lyric , fill the room . he adjust the dial , sit back and listen a moment . suddenly the door open -- stagehand Prince , five minute . be snap off the music , drop the cassette into he pocket , cut out the room . ( 37 ) int . backstage -- night he come to the stage - area . his Band . member be stand about anxiously , watch the final moment of the modern Aires ' performance . he cut behind the curtain , peer at the crowd ... ...his eye fall on vanity -- he face brighten instantly . just then Jerome and Morris approach she . Prince shake he head knowingly , offer a wry smile , then join he band . ( 38 ) int . van1ty's table and club -- night she sit demurely . Morris ' eye be wide and shine -- she beauty up close astonish he -- jerome vanity , I would like you to meet Morris E. Day . morris hold it now -- just leave the ' E ' alone . jerome ( clear throat ) vanity ... this be Morris Day morris the pleasure 's all mine . she offer she hand -- he take it decorously -- jerome if you would excuse I . Morris signal he -- whisper into he ear -- morris too sexy ... ( a beat ) have a waitress bring . a bottle of they best champacne . he seat himself , fasten she with a sexy , half - lidd look -- morris you lip would make a lollipop too happy . vanity you think so , huh ? morris ye -es . Kim appear with a bottle of champacne in ice -- kim who 's pay for this Morris ? morris I think you know that . ( a beat ) Jerome ! Jerome appear , open the bottle with a flair , perform a classy taste test . Morris pull out some cash , pay he , who snatch the money , leave -- morris huh , keep the change -- he whisper to Jerome -- morris get my change , will ya ? Jerome leave , Morris purse he lip -- morris oh , Lord ... either somebody put something in my drink , or you be the finest ( motherfucker ) I have see in age . vanity Excuse I , what do you say ? morris huh ... you look nice tonight . he lean in , speak with a sexy voice -- morris it 's rare that I out my card on the table when it come to meeting younq lady , but ... I be go to make you love I . vanity be that a fact ? he fold he leg dramatically , he stacy Adams reflect the light -- morris just as sure as my stacy Adams be shiny . just then -- m.c. ( o.s. ) lady and gentlemen -- please welcome Prince ! the club erupt in cry ! Prince hit the stage , launch into " g-spot , " a fast , high - spirite funk tune that get the crowd hopping . vanity watch as Prince whip the crowd into a frenzy . Morris listen with a complacent grin on he face , he eye search out various member of the time who be scattered through - out the club . when he connect with one of they he make a series of absurd face which send they into hysterics . for Prince be play music that the time be note for , and , as far as Morris be concerned , perform better . not everyone in the club be dance , or pay attention , and this do not escape he notice . suddenly " G - Spot " come to a rouse end . the crowd cheer wildly . Prince move quickly to the piano and launch into " electric intercourse , " a love ballad which , as it progress , become a personal statement for vanity and Prince himself . she listen intently , she eye fastened on he . the word have a profound effect on she -- and the audience . without be consciously aware of it , they be move closer to the stage , search for they personal fix . Prince surrender himself to the music totally , release from himself all that be hurtful -- release the sincerity and truthfulness that escape he in he daily life . we be enter realm where life and music be inextricably bound , and the impact on the performer and listener be profound . he 's direct he music toward she , and she receive it gratefully , almost anxiously . it fill a void in she , hewn by a life of meaningless promise . he search she face with he magnificent eye , and end the song with a heartrend cry which connect with the soul of all present . everyone be pay attention now . the stage be plunge into darkness . the crowd go crazy ! vanity applaud vigorously , wipe the tear from she eye . Morris , who be more affect by the performance than he would care to admit , do not like what he see and search for a win line -- morris he do not like girl . she 's equal to the challenge -- vanity I know -- he like woman . but Morris can barely suppress a smile , and settles himself comfortably into he chair -- for he know what vanity have lose ... at least this round -- morris well ... he do not do too good with they either . she flash he a quizzical look -- he simply smile . ( 39 ) int . backstage halliiay -- night jubilation time ! Prince and he Band move through the hallway briskly , past the outstretch arm of admire fan . there 's a lot of back - slapping go on as the musician bask in the glow of well - wisher . Prince move past billy spark , who have a angry look on he face -- billy what 's this intercourse , shit ? prince hey ; man -- do not worry about it . billy I be warning you ... but Prince ignore he , cut into the dress room -- ( 40 ) int . dressing room -- night -- then stop suddenly , surprised . he 's muzzle to muzzle with a cuddly dog , hold up lovingly by Jill -- jill surprise ! oohs ! and aah ! by the entire group . Jill hesitates , then kiss Prince 's cheek compulsively . he 's surprised , touch -- prince hey -- wait till we be marry , now . she fidget , she face blushes red . Wendy be study the dog -- wendy oh , my God -- look at this ! everyone look -- Jill grin like the cheshire cat -- jill notice anything ? prince what ? wendy it look like you ! she thrust the dog into he arm -- the Band laugh uproariously . Jill be beam -- jill his hair ... Prince gaze into the mirror -- and sure enough the dog 's hair have be groom to match he . he can not help smile -- prince shit ... jill ( softly ) I want to cheer you up . prince thanks . matt I be hungry -- where 's the food ?! he grab the dog , 'a la the werewolf , start chomping on it 's neck . the Group bust up , start fool around . Prince glance into the mirror -- vanity be there . he whirl around to the door -- nothing . a huge smile sweep he face instead . the Band continue fool around , and Prince join in with a relish . ( 41 ) ext . alleyway # 2 , rear club -- night vanity lean against a brick wall , hide in the shadow . suddenly footstep approach . Prince appear , get on he motorcycle -- vanity hey ... he do not look up -- prince we have to go to you place . vanity what for ? prince I want to show you something . she 's embarrassed by she apartment -- vanity no ...no , we can not . prince why -- be there someone there ? vanity why do you always think there 's somebody else ? he avert he eye -- kick start he bike -- prince let 's go . vanity ( get on ) yeah -- but we be not go to my place . he remain silent , snap the bike into gear , blast down the ally into the street . ( 42 ) prince' house and STREET -- night Prince and vanity whip down a residential street . as he approach he house he slow , move past it quietly . he make a deat u-turn , cross he house again -- seem to be listen intently ... after a moment , he cut down a narrow path , turn up a back alley . he ride to a wooden gate , detach a hide lever . the wood slat rotate like a garage door -- Prince coax he bike through . backyard vanity 's mesmerize . they ride down a narrow sidewalk , cut through a garden , and emerge from the back of a garage . he lean he bike against it -- vanity that be a grand entrance . where be I ? he silence she with a look , move quickly across the grass , come to a window . he stand on a pipe , look in -- ( 43 ) prince' Pov -- int . live room -- night his mother and Father in the live room . his mother be sprawle out on the sofa , obviously drunk , she dress hike along she thigh . her head rest in he Father 's lap . ( 44 ) ext . backyard -- night Prince hop from the pipe , lean coolly against the house . intrigue . vanity look in -- ( 45 ) vanity' Pov -- int . live room -- night the mother and father kissing tentatively , then violently , finally pull away . the mother seem to be taunting the Father , coax he into a trap . he kiss she mouth lustily -- she pull back snarling --. ( 46 ) ext . backyard -- night vanity 's scared -- try to be cool -- vanity so -- friend of yours ? prince yeah -- the freak show . he walk off . she jump off the pipe , follow . side of house as they emerge around the corner . Prince squat by a basement window , adjust a old coal chute , then slide down it -- vanity hey ... prince ( o.s. ) c'mon . she hesitates a moment , then slide down too . ( 47 ) int . basement , prince' home -- night he turn on a light , disappear into a adjoining room . vanity look around amaze . she stand in a small ante - chamber whose wall be cover with thick pad and foam . colorful mobile hang suspend from the ceiling -- various instrument lie about : a drumset , a electric guitar , and a small upright piano . a stereo and cassette player . be perch on a shelf , and two speaker be recess into the wall . the entire room look hand - build , the wood carefully paint , or stain . she peer through the doorway into the adjoin room . blue moonlight filter in through the casement window . various mural be paint on the wall , mobile be suspend from the ceiling . a bed sit in the middle of the floor , a vanity table and mirror nearby . she stand idly a mement , then move around the antechamber . various knicknacks catch she attention . small wind - up toy lie about : a soldier , a bear bang on a drum , a tractor and car . a small music BOX sit on a shelf . she turn the handle , a little tune fill the room ... a cassette sit in the player . she snap it shut , hit the play button . a drum beat fill the room , follow by a woman' voice , seemingly speak in a foreign tongue . the combination be hypnotic and sensual -- she find herself draw in ... suddenly Prince grab she by the waist , let out a shriek . she draw a out breath , jump -- vanity if you think you scared I , you do not . prince oh , yeah ... he put he index finger directly in front of she nose , move it back and forth hypnotically . she follow it earnestly with she eye . suddenly , he pull he hand away , stretch it to the ceiling like a escape bird . they both smile , lock eye . Passion ring in they vein ... the woman 's voice begin to moan deeply , pleasurably -- vanity who 's the lucky girl ? sound like she be have a good time . prince she 's cry -- it 's backwards . it make I sad when I hear it . it sorta sound like she 's laugh , do not it ? vanity so what do you do to she ? do you always treat you woman like that ? prince I do not have anybody right now . heat flood into she womb like soft fire - - vanity you look pretty ... she touch he chest delicately , fluff up he hair -- vanity King Kong ? prince stop . she hesitates -- but he reach out tentatively , touch she breast -- vanity no . but they mutual desire be too strong . they lip seek one another out timidly , almost deferentially ... then fervently . dissolve to : ( 48 ) int . bedroom -- later -- night vanity sit at the foot of the bed , Prince stand before she . her dress be hike along she thigh , she stocking attach to garter . they hand search delicately across the contour of they body , draw quick breath from they lip . they kiss one another ardently , then quickly , like sparrow peck seed . she go to remove she dress , but Prince stay she with a gesture , move he hand along she thigh , touch delicately that spot between she leg . a low , whispery moan escape from she lip . vanity lie back , draw Prince toward she . his lip move across she mouth , she neck , she breast . she moan softly , pull she dress above she thigh , go to remove it . once again he stop she , slowly turn she onto she stomach . she stand .on she knee , she head rest on a pillow . his hand move up along the back of she thigh , past the garter to she panty . he tug at they gently , then rub he hand firmly between she leg . she moan suddenly , the shudder move through she like a whirlwind ... dissolve to : ( 49 ) int . bedroom -- later -- night moonlight glow throuch the casement window . mobile stir gently in the night breeze . Prince and vanity be asleep . he rest on he side , he hand gently surporting he face . she lie behind he , one leg dangle off the bed , one shoe discard on the floor suddenly a distant moan ... quick footstep -- a door slam . vanity snap awake ! fear sweep she like a shadow from a pass cloud . she listen intently , then -- -- another door slam , quick footstep , and Prince 's mother crying in the dark -- mother ( o.s. ) ( upstairs ) please ! a bottle crash to the floor . then silence ... ... deep silence like snow in the room ... vanity 's rack with fear . she sit up slowly , she eye search out Prince -- he 's sleep ... suddenly more footstep , a door slam and the Father 's cry -- father ( o.s . ) no !! whack ! something heavy crash to the floor ... vanity rise from the bed in a panic ! she smoothes down she dress , search for she other shoe . she shoot another look to Prince , but he sleep peacefully . caste a glance upstairs , she climb throuch the casement window , disappear into the night . prince be rest on he side , he eye open . ( 50 ) ext . prince' house and STREET -- night vanity move quickly along the side of the house , try desperately to find she wave . suddenly a hand reach out of the darkness , grab she by the throat . she scream , swing she bag desperately -- something crash , into the bush -- voice damn , baby , hold it ! hold it !! ( wail ) oh , God -- God ! you break my nose ! she see it 's Morris -- she 's beside herself with fear and rage -- vanity you shit ! what the hell be you do here ? he struggle in the bush -- dog start barking -- morris shh ! shh ! shh ! oh , Lord help I outta here . ( a beat ) hee , hee -- I know you would not want to spend the whole night with ol ' pencil dick . vanity you nose alright ? morris my nose be fine , I be just wonder if I fuck my shoe up ... ( a beat ) c'mon ... they cut across the yard , head to the street . the caddy be park at the curb . Jerome lean against it , read a newspaper -- vanity hi , Jerome . wow ! Nice hubcap . he grin proudly from ear to ear -- the caddy sport new chrome wire wheel -- jerome you like they , huh ? vanity beautiful . Morris moan dismally -- morris Jerome ... you think this can be fix ? his shoe be badly scuff , the leather tear across the top -- jerome I think they be dead , man . vanity God , I be sorry . morris shit -- it 's so rough out here . just then a patrol car cruise by . the cop regards they suspiciously . Morris and Jerome snap to attention -- morris you lock the door , baby ? let 's go ! they pile into the caddy , pull out . ( 51 ) ext . highway -- night the caddy blaze by in the night . the CITY light glimmer spectacularly in the distance . ( 52 ) int . / ext . caddy -- night Jerome drive . Morris and vanity sit in the backseat . he gaze at she ardently -- morris Jerome ! Jerome snap a look in the rear-view -- Morris give he a deat nod . Jerome open the glove compartment , search through the cassette tape . he find the one he want , snap it into the player . restaurant ambiance fill the car ... note : the restaurant ambiance will grow in volume , and will be follow by exaggerated dinner music , punctuate with string and delicate cymbal . the music play throughout this scene -- and Morris time he word to the ebb and flow of the piece to insure the proper dramatic effect . ... dinner music begin -- jerome cocktail before dinner ? morris yes -- two pia coladas . vanity uh ... make mine a virgin . jerome okay ... Jerome brace he knee against the wheel , pour two premix coladas into plastic glass -- jerome ( to Morris ) will you be have a virgin as well ? morris ye -es ! for dessert !! whawhak ! Jerome stifles a laugh , pour a rum miniature into Morris ' glass . he hand they back -- morris thank you . here you be , dear . they savor they drink -- Morris ' fervor grow by leap and bound -- morris Jerome , uh , get you pad and pencil , I think it 's gonna be kinda right . if my judge of character be correct , it 's go to be about loving tonight . ( a beat ) stop I when I get to seventeen . Jerome place a pad by he side , pencil at the ready . he settles the caddy to a cruise 55 -- Morris look deeply into vanity 's eye -- morris Excuse I , baby ... I bet you do not know I have a piece of this restaurant , do you ? ( a beat ) May I taste that ? he take vanity 's drink , slurp a little , burp -- morris huh , excuse I , that 's kind of weak ... here , try mine . she do , and begin cough violently - - vanity good God ! morris y'know ... they say that saliva be a aphrodisiac . ( a beat ) you look so lovely tonight . vanity ( couch ) why ... thank you . morris probably you would look better under exotic ...re ... liqht . ( another though ) I wish you could see my home . it 's ... it 's so exciting . he lean close to she , speak in a soft , sexy voice -- morris in my bedroom , I have a brass waterbed ... vanity oooh ! morris I have a italian cook , gino izogochograchi , or something like that . she giggle , look at he deeply -- morris it 's funny ... you eye -- when you stare at I like that , it cause my stomach to qui - quiver . oh , Lord ... a idea flash across he mind -- morris do you like diamond ? vanity uh , huh . morris yeah ...? vanity yeah . morris I know it 's rather masculine , but -- try this one on . he slide a large glass diamond on she finger -- vanity ohhh ! morris my God , darling it fit . he study she hand closely -- morris you must have strong hand , but -- they be so soft ... like oil in my bubble bath . ( a beat ) damn ... he lean close to she -- morris darling ...? vanity yeah ...? morris I be not usually so forward , but -- would you like to make love to I ? I can make it so nice ... she giggle freely , look at he with big eye -- morris do you know what be mean by the word , huh , I hate to use they , they be so harsh , so american ... I mean , and yet on the other hand , they be exciting word . the word ... ( pause ) ... chili sauce . oh , lord. ( a beat ) morris you know , I have not make love in so long , but with you I know it would be just like riding a bike . I would remember everything I have ever learn . ( a beat ) baby , if the kid can not make you come , nobody can . Jerome check off he pad -- jerome ( whisper ) Morris ..! morris yeah ...? jerome seventeen . Morris fix vanity with he half - lidd , pouty - lip look -- morris huh , what 's it gonna to be baby ? she 's on the spot , think fast -- vanity pull over there ! morris what ?! jerome what ?! vanity over there -- that 's where I live . Jerome skid the car to a stop . they be directly in front of a slick , hi-rise apartment building -- morris here ...? vanity yes . morris uh , what one be it ? vanity that one , right there , see ? on the 14th floor . morris it 's nice , huh ? vanity oh , it 's great . Real pretty . Big open room , balcony , fireplace -- the work . he smile lovingly -- morris Jerome ! Jerome put the caddy into gear , pull off into the night - - vanity hey , wait ! c'mon ! ( a beat ) okay -- where be you take I ? morris home. ( smile ) you and I be a lot alike . - I like that . so , I would like to help you out . I think I have something you may be interested , in . vanity oh yeah -- what ? Jerome hand Morris a cassette -- Morris wave it in front of she nose -- morris a little song and dance . that be , if you can sing and dance . vanity ( defensively ) Prince be goinq to help I . Jerome and moris suppress they laughter - - jerome motherfucker need a haircut . morris hee , hee , uh , excuse I . no he will not . he 's never do anything in he whole life for anybody but himself . vanity guy better than you have promise I thing before . morris I know that 's right , but -- Jerome hand he a card with a address on it . Morris hand the card to she -- morris ( co not ) -- not Morris Day . ( he smile ) Jerome pull up in front of she motel . vanity read the card -- morris come by any time . ( 53 ) ext . motel / int . caddy -- twilight she get out of the car , stand on the sidewalk . Morris push the window button -- nothing happen -- morris Jerome ! Jerome lean over , tap the glass -- the window glide down -- morris ( to vanity ) one more thing ... Jerome snap the glove compartment , hand Morris a neatly fold camisole . Morris present it to she -- morris here 's a little something for you . if you get cold when you wear it , call I . he snap he finger -- Jerome pull the caddy away with a screech . ( 54 ) ext . vanity' motel -- twilight vanity stand on the sidewalk a moment , slightly bewilder and very amused . she watch the cadillac screech around the bend . she turn , go into the motel . prince stand in the alleyway across the street , he motorcycle park nearby . he watch as vanity cut inside . ( 55 ) int . hallway / vanity' motel -- dawn she come down the hallway , open she door with a key . ( 55a ) int . vanity' room -- dawn she go inside , drop the tape and card in she bureau . unfold the camisole , she hold it against she , gaze into the mirror . it look beautiful . suddenly a knock at the door -- vanity Morris ...? another two knock , something like a confirmation . she smile , cut to the door , fling it open -- but Prince be there . she 's shocked , but recover instantly -- vanity I have a feel it be you -- I know it ! it 's amazing -- I could tell it be you . his face remain placid as he put on he sunglass -- prince how would you get home ? vanity take a cab . prince oh yeah ? where would you get that ? she stare at the camisole in she hand - - vanity I adore camisole . he nod dispassionately , walk into the room , give the place the once over , then -- prince let 's ride . ( 56 ) ext . highway -- dawn aerial shot Prince and vanity on he motorcycle whipping down the highway . the dawn light break over the horizon . ( 57 ) ext . another highway -- dawn a series of shot streak down a two - lane blacktop obviously exhilated by the velocity of they ride . the landscape become lush , the tree a riot of autumn splendor . ( 58 ) ext . country road -- dawn another angle as Prince and vanity whip up to the top of a small hill , skid to a stop . he scan the area quickly , get he bearing . he pop the clutch , skid off to the valley below . ( 59 ) ext . wood and stream -- dawn prince and vanity ride cautiously through a series of hike path , then twist down a small embankment . a stream flow before they . they climb off the bike , look around quietly -- vanity God , this be beautiful . it remind I of where I grow up . my father use to ... he wait for a answer , it 's not forthcoming -- prince you father use to what ...? vanity nothing ... it 's just ... ( change subject ) you must like place like this . he go to the stream , balance on several rock , move to the other side . the stream flow between they -- vanity so , have you reconsider my proposal ? prince what ...? vanity what we talk about last time . prince you can not be serious . she start a little dance step , climax it with spin and twirl -- vanity oh , come on -- you know you really want to . you have be wait for this opportunity ...all ...your ...life ... he can not help laugh -- she freeze , look at he coldly -- prince I be sorry -- excuse I . vanity God -- so why do you come around ? you do not want to help I , not that you have to . you do not want to sleep with I , not that you have to do that either . so why be I here ? he smile , walk off -- vanity there 's a lot of thing you do not know about I . you would be surprised how many thing I could do . he disappear around some tree -- vanity take I home immediately ! I want to go home . I can not stand this ! I can not take this anymore ! Prince ! prince move through the tree smile , study nature -- vanity ( o.s. ) I do not need this ! I be do alright before I meet you . motherfucker , you need a haircut ! he come to a tree , lean against it contentedly , study the foliage . vanity pace back and forth frantically along the stream -- vanity ( to herself ) I do not get this . ( yell ) Prince ! who do you think you be ?! you do not care . you do not care about anything ! I never want you to help I anyway ! prince rest by the tree , observe two hiker walk down the path toward he - - vanity ( 0.s. ) you think you be a good musician ?! you be nothing ! Morris be better . I never want to make it with you anyway . the hiker pass he startle -- prince good morning . vanity prince , I hate you ! hiker good morning , sir . and they walk down the path , disappear around the bend . just then -- vanity be stand by he side , a wildflower in she hand -- vanity ( softly ) I be sorry . I should not have say that thing . will you forgive I ? prince ( softly ) yes . he take the flower , slip it into he jacket , kiss she forehead . ( 60 ) ext . glade and barn -- dawn as they ride down a leaf -strewn path and pull to a stop near a old , weathered , dilapidate barn . it stand laarge and silent like a painting . a low thunder roll across the land ... ( 61 ) int . barn -- dawn dawn light burn through the wooden slat .. steam rise from the wet hay scattered throughout . the air be thick and damp . it begin to rain . vanity stand in the middle of the barn , gaze at the storm . bead of perspiration glisten on she forehead . she turn slowly , watch as Prince retrieve old blanket from a nearby stall . they eye search one another out , they breathe become short , expectant . she hesitates a moment , then pull off she blouse , discard it to the moist , dusty floor . ( 62 ) int . barn -- day another angle rain patter srtongly against the barn . a deep thunder roll . she 's on top of he , move deliciously , she body glow in the purple , dawn light . moist , purple water shadow streak and course she skin as she move slowly , then deliberately against he . he watch she avidly , he hand firmly on she thigh , and thrust into she again and again ... and again . ( 62a ) ext . barn -- day leave scatter as the bike whip through the wet path . ( 63 ) ext . street , vanity' motel -- morning the street glisten with the rain . Prince and vanity pull up in front of she motel . she hug he fiercely , step off the bike , she face alive and fresh as a flower . his eye sparkle -- prince see you later ? vanity when ? prince why ? vanity ' Cause I have to do something first . prince what ? vanity ( coyly ) a secret ... prince tell I . vanity no . prince okay , come by -- eight o'clock . he kick the bike into gear -- she touch he jacket longingly -- vanity bye ... he blast off . she watch he a moment , she eye glow . she head to she motel , then stop short -- a single carnation lie oon the sidewalk . she look around quickly , almost expect someone to claim it . but no one 's around , so she pick it up , go inside . ( 64 ) int . stairwell , vanity' motel -- morning she enter the lobby , close the door behind she . she turn -- another carnation be on the stairwell . she 's intrigue , glance up the stair -- there 's another one , and yet another further up . she 's confuse , but grab they , disappear up the stair . hallway as she come to a halt outside she room , pick up carnation along the way . she open she door , cut inside . ( 65 ) int . vaniity' room -- morning she go into the bathroom , fill the sink with water , arrange the flower within . she smile radiantly -- they look beautiful . suddenly something seize she thought . she open she bureau drawer quickly , pull out the yellow page , leaf through it hurriedly , we read : parking , passport , pave ... then pawnbroker . she stop , run she finger down the page , then hunt quickly through she drawer . her eye dance mischievously when she pull out she gold chain . she place it on she bureau , hurry to she clothes rack . suddenly , a quick knock at the door -- man ( o.s. ) miss v.? she look around the corner -- a flower delivery man stand in the hallway , hold a bouquet of rose -- vanity yes ...? man Delivery . vanity ( surprised ) come in ... he cut inside , and be follow by another man , hold a bouquet of daisy -- vanity hey -- wait a minute . what 's go on ? the Men leave the room -- man downstair . she hurry to the window , look out -- ( 66 ) ext . STREET -- day -- vanity' Pov -- Morris and Jerome stand by the curb , they eye fastened excitedly on she window , lean against a flower truck . we catch a glimpse of a man bring she a dozen chrysanthemums -- morris good morning , dahling . ( 67 ) ext . vanity' window and STREET -- day ( intercut ) vanity you be crazy ! -- what be you do ? morris ( excited ) come down -- come down . vanity I can not -- I have get thing to do . morris c'mon , ten minute . I want to show you something - she shake she head -- vanity I be sorry , but thanks for the flower . you be really crazy . she disappear from the window . they stand expectantly a long time . finally Jerome look at Morris - - jerome well ... what do you think ? Morris be stare intently at the window -- he purse he lip sensualy -- morris chili sauce . just then vanity step outside , look stun in she tight , black pants and boot . her eye dance vivaciously , a red sash be tie around she waste . Morris give Jerome he sexy , half - lidd , pouty - lip look -- morris oh , Lord ... ( 68 ) int . club ( 1st ave . ST. bar . ) -- day cu -- clock . we see 11:25 Prince cut through the back entrance , walk onto the floor . Lisa and Wendy be onstage playing a song we immediately recognize as the one they have give Prince to listen to . the drum riff be provide by the linn Machine ( a synthesize drum unit ) . Wendy play guitar , she back to Prince . Lisa , at the keyboard , spot he and stop -- wendy what 's wrong ? Lisa point to Prince . Wendy immediately rip into the guitar solo of " G - Spot . " she stop suddenly -- wendy be that better ? do you like that ? he ignore she -- prince where be everybody ? lisa you be late -- they leave . prince so what be you do here ? Lisa immediately launch into the open bar of " let 's get crazy " -- lisa ( imitate Prince ) but I be here to tell you that there 's something else -- we music - - . the Girls bust up -- he glare at they -- prince can not you guy get off it ? can not you just leave it alone ? Wendy meet he glare with one of she own ... wendy yeah -- we will get off it . she turn , snap off the linn Machine angrily , plunging the club into silence . ( 69 ) int . rehearsal hall -- day the time be jamming like mad , deep in the heart of " sex shooter . " Brenda and Susan move furiously to the beat , try they best to get it right . they be watch by ... ... Morris , vanity and Jerome stand off to the side . Morris have a content look on he face , even though he girl be screwing up . vanity 's eye be wide with excitement morris as you can see , we need someone with you special quality . ( 70 ) int . prince' antechamber and bedroom -- night cu -- clock . we see : 8:15 . Prince sit , on he bed , stare at the clock , seemingly lose in thoucht . he get up , rummages through he coat pocket , pull out Lisa 's and Wendy 's tape . he snap it into the player , settles back . music fill the room . he listen intently a moment , he face placid . he close he eye , try to relax ... suddenly a door slam in the far reach of the house . harsh footstep echo through the upstairs hallway . Prince remain still , he eye close ... then another deathly door slam ! glass dissolves in its frame and trickle to the floor like icicle . resentment surge in he like a tornado . he rise purposefully , turn the music up ... ... and then he door smashes open and he mother lunge into the room in a panic . she fling herself onto he bed as he Father streak in and whack ! whack ! whack ! at she with a strap , scream at she with a ominous growl of rage -- father you be not get no business leave here ! all you sneaking around -- you be just a sinner ! you be nothing but a low life sinner ! the mother throw herself at he drunkenly , start slapping , scratch at he face -- mother shut up ! you do not care about I ! leave I alone ! Prince claw desperately at he Father 's back -- father do not I keep the heat on ? be not there food in the refrigerator ? mother ( cry ) I do not like it here . you never talk to I ! I be always alone ! Prince drag he Father away -- prince dad , please ! father ( shouting ) what 's the matter with this house ? be not it nice and warm here ?! the mother stand on the bed shrieking -- mother you be crazy ! father shut up ! mother . asshole ! father shut up ! mother ( triumphantly ) motherfucker !! the Father lunge , drag Prince along the floor , whack ! the mother in the face . she topple in a heap to the bed . he 's over she now , breathe fire , flail about savagely -- father shut up ! shut up ! shut up ! prince ( desperately ) dad ! he lunge , drop kick he Father with everything he 's get ! his Father smashes backwards against the wall , slide to he buttock on the floor . he sit there dully , exhaust ... spend . Prince crawl up along the side of the bed . his mother bury she head in the pillow , choke back sob -- mother I be just trap here ... his Father 's eye well with tear . he lean close to she , speak softly -- father you always get a roof overhead ... mother you do not let I have any fun ... his Father sigh wearily , pull himself to he foot . he move to the door -- father I could make you happy . just believe in I ... mother you never ... father I would die for you . he leave the room , close the door behind he . prince stare at the door a moment , tear welling in he eye . his mother be motionless , whimper softly . a scent of liquor permeate the air . he move toward she , reach out tentatively ... suddenly she jump up , start pace franticaily -- mother it 's nice here . it 's a nice house . nothing wrong . ( a beat ) it 's a good family . believe I , I know . nothing wrong here . ( a beat ) you father be okay . he 's a good man . you could learn somthing . she catch a glimpse of herself in the mirror , stop -- mother my , my ! do not you think I have a good figure ? you Father do . she sit in front of the mirror , study she face , she eye ... she breast -- mother I be beautiful when you dad meet I . I be out -a-sight ! she giggle , start apply makeup -- mother I look just like a movie star . the minute he see I sing , I know just what he want . she fix he with a conspiratorial look , whisper -- mother he want to get into my panty . she make funny , " jazzy " eye at he , then stop suddenly , stare . his face , mouth , eye ... a sudden stir in she loin . her lip part , she moisten they unconsciously ... she turn from the mirror and stare at he -- he look connect with she groin . she rise suddenly , walk slowly toward the bed , sit face he -- mother you look so pretty . just like I , honey . you coulda be a girl . she outline the mole on he cheek with a makeup pencil , then draw one on herself . she take she earring off , and put it on he ear . they be face to face -- identical -- mother so pretty ... she look at he drunkenly . he try to hold it in , but can not . a tear , hot and hard as a bullet flow down he cheek . she put she index finger in front of he face , move it back and forth hypnotically . suddenly she pull she hand away , stretch it to the ceiling like a escape bird . he swallow , try to smile -- she lean close -- mother ( secretly ) I have to go now , see some friend . do not tell you father , okay ? she get up , leave the room -- mother bye , skipper ... bye . ( 71 ) ext . prince' house -- night ( later ) vanity climb over a fence , move through some bush , emerge along side Prince 's house . she have a excited , ravenous look on she face . she hurry to the casement window , climb into the basement . ( 72 ) int . prince' bedroobt -- night she drop down into the basement , turn excitedly , leap into Prince 's arm -- vanity I miss you ! miss you ! miss you ! she hug he tight , shower he with kiss , topple they both to the bed . laugh , hugging , kissing -- fast and furious . suddenly she jump up like a panther , fluff she hair wildly in the mirror , fix he with a wanton look . his eye devour she -- prince come here . where be you ? she moisten she lip , walk lasciviously toward the bed , sit face he . she laugh suddenly , push he back ... and they be at each other again - - face two inch apart ; touch , whisper , kissing , hand search -- shutting out the rocm , shutting out the world ... she jump up suddenly . she can not be contain ! she practically levitate -- vanity I have a big surprise for you . she rush to the coal chute , climb halfway through . Prince , puzzle , crack up watch she ass and leg dangle . she drop back into the room , hold a large package . his eye widen . she strut to the bed , lay it down majestically before he -- vanity ( sing ) da...da ..! prince what be it ? vanity open it . he start peel the tape off , careful not to rip the paper . vanity 's burst with excitement though , and demolish it in a flash ! he laugh , open the lid -- stare in shock -- prince oh , no ... ( happy ) oh , no ! he pull out a gleam new guitar , and we immediately recognize it as the one they see in the window . he 's deliriously happy , and speechless -- prince how would you do it ? she shout with delight , attack he again , push the guitar aside . fast , furious kiss and he respond in kind . they be twisted in a heap on the bed . after a moment they come up for air , stare at each other playfully . something flash across he mind -- prince here ... her eye widen . he take off he mother 's earring , fasten it to she ear . eye dance , she jump up , study it closely , in the mirror -- vanity I love it ! she twist around , kneel beside he , shower he with bite and kiss . suddenly she stop -- vanity I be go to join Morris ' group . his face drop , shocked -- prince what ? she back away from he , stand , strike a defensive stance -- vanity I be go to join Morris ' group . he lunge savagely before he know it ! his hand lash out , smashes she in the face . she fall back , crash into the mirror . she slip dully to the floor , try desperately to brace herself on a chair -- he 's horrify -- prince I be sorry ! oh , baby , I be sorry ! be you alright ? he help she up , she turn away from he - - vanity just ... leave I alone . his heart stagger in he chest -- prince please ... it 's just ... ( a beat ) I do not want you around this at all . I just do not want you in my life this way . you do not have to prove anything to I or anybody else . ( a beat ) vanity ...? do not I make you happy ? do n.t you like the way we be ? ( another think ) do you know Morris ? do you know what he 's about ? he do not care about you . she twist viciously -- vanity jealous ..?! she rush into the antechamber , climb through the coal chute , disappear into the night . dissolve to : ( 73 ) int . club -- morning Matt , Bobby and Mark be jamming onstage . Prince emerge from behind the curtain . he look draw . and haggard , he face unshaven . the guy spot he , and the music trickle to a stop . tension fill the room in a instant . Mark glance at he watch , fix Prince with a disgust look . Prince climb the step to the stage , cut across it -- prince where 's Lisa and Wendy ? bobby they have not show up yet . prince they call ? the guy shrug , look away . Prince simmer a moment , strap on he guitar - - immediately get ear-splitt feedback . he stomp on the floor pedal angrily . just then chick come up to the stage -- chick Prince . billy spark want to see you . prince tell he I be rehearse . chick uh , uh -- now . ( 74 ) int . stairway and club -- day as billy cut down the stair quickly . Prince , walk to meet he , pull himself up short -- billy what do you want ? prince you want to see I ? billy still move -- Prince keep up -- billy you have trouble ? prince ( shrug ) no . billy no ? prince no ... billy where 's Lisa and Wendy ? he stop abruptly at the front door , study Prince for a long time . then he cut outside . Prince follow . ( 75 ) ext . street , club -- day rush hour traffic . billy set the pace down the sidewalk -- Prince keep up -- billy Morris call I this morning . seem he 's get himself a new group call vanity six . you know anything about they ? prince ( a beat ) no . billy he tell I they be great . thinks I will be interested . that 's cool , but now I have get a problem . prince what 's that ? billy I book three act -- I can not afford four . if they be as good as Morris say they be , one of you will have to go ... suddenly a horn blare off screen . billy look up -- a beautiful babe in a black BMW wave -- billy go around the block ! the Babe pull into the flow of traffic - - billy it will not be the time -- they be play backup to vanity . so it 's either you or the modern Aires . ( a beat ) what would you do in my position ? Prince have a sink feel in he gut - - billy ( muse ) I like the modern Aires . they have a good follow -- they show up for practice -- and the kid like all they music . the BMW sweep up to the curb . billy open the door , slide in -- billy ' nough say . get smart . straighten up you shit . ( 76 ) int . rehearsal hall -- day the place be jumping ! once again the time be deep in the gut of " sex shooter , " but now there 's a difference . the music be fiercer and crisper -- the beat tailore , more define . Morris and Jerome stand off to the side sport huge grin . they be avidly watch ... ... vanity , Susan , and Brenda dance up a fierce storm . vanity front the two Girls and move panther - like in front of the mirror ... she 's a dynamo , she face draw tightly , she movement crisp and precise . she urge the Girls on , suggest and cajole , strengthen they resolve . sweat lather they body and form ring on they danskin . the act be still very rough , but the potential for success can be feel . prince suddenly enter the hall . Morris spot he immediately and halt the music . the Girls dance on a moment , then stop perplex . vanity catch Prince 's look , shake she head in disbelief -- prince I want to talk to you . she 's out of breath , wave he off -- vanity not now , I be busy . prince now . a titter go through the Band member - - vanity wipe she face , fix he with a glare -- vanity I say I be busy -- we will talk later . prince uh , uh ... he grab she suddenly , pull she to the door -- vanity leave I alone ! I have get a show to do ! she pull away savagely -- vanity you can not just come in here and take I away ! we will talk later ! Morris be enraged -- morris man -- why do not you just do the walk ? Prince glare at he , cup he genitals - - prince why do not you kiss the one - eye snake ? the Band let out a condescending groan -- the tension rise morris jellybean ! jellybean , 6 '4 " , 210 pound , step from behind the drum , move up behind Prince - - jellybean let 's go , Jack . prince fuck you ! he lunge , grab vanity again -- she shriek -- vanity leave I alone , dammit ! get out of here ! jellybean lurch , grab Prince in a heaidlock , lift he off he he foot . Prince kick at he wildly -- jellybean ( enraged ) fucker !! he twist Prince 's head backwards , smashes he body to the ground -- jellybean stay still , motherfucker !! but Prince continue fight he with everything he 's get ! jellybean be astonished -- jellybean shit !! he twist Prince 's neck savagely , smashes ! he leg to the floor again and again -- jellybean stop !! vanity be cry -- vanity jellybean , please ... Prince drop to he hand and knee exhaust . everybody be freeze now -- scared . the Girls be cry , the incedent have already go too far ... jellybean settles he weight on Prince , twist he head down painfully , try to break the resistance he alone can feel . Prince remain silent , the anger coursing through he body in tremor -- the guy surround they , grab Prince 's arm , leg , and foot . he 's like a trap animal now -- jellybean lift he . vanity ( cry ) do not hurt he ... they pick he up , move he toward the door . he resist they slightly , he body lurching in fit and start . suddenly he break free , face they with he back to he door . but the Band member surround he , they will united , the obviousness of the situation apparent to all . he search for vanity 's eye , but she can not face he and walk away . anger again surge in he vein . he cut out the door , slam it behind he . ( 77 ) ext . access road , train track -- dusk Prince whip down a dirt access road lock in think , the pain and anger in he eye apparent . suddenly a train whistle blast just behind he , send a shot of fear through he gut . he twist backwards in amazement . a freight train roar around the bend blasting its horn violently . Prince shudder with fright , lose control of he cycle for a instant . he hit a series of rut that almost topple he to the ground . he look back at the train confuse , when another blast seem to sock he in the tooth . he twist wildly to the side of the road , kick up dirt and debris , lurching he into the handlebar violently . the train roar abreast of he ! Prince snap a angry look at the engineer . the guy coolly give he the finger and blast the horn violently . Prince become enraged ! he snap a look to the speedometer : 65 mph . he snap a look to the engineer -- the guy send he another obscene gesture and blast he horn . Prince grit he tooth , twist the throttle full . he lurch forward in a instant , blaze in front of the train , the engineer blast the horn mercilessly , and throw on the coal . they blast down the stretch neck to neck , twist round a wide bend . Prince edge in front ! the engineer blast the horn and move up . Prince snap a look to he -- the guy mouth the word : fuck you ! Prince want to scream ! he twist the throttle , snap a look to the speedometer : 75 mph . he rip past rut and gully like a madman . the train move up . they blast around another bend neck to neck suddenly Prince 's eye widen with horror . a car be park across the access road , wait to cross the track . he shoot a look to the engineer -- the guy be laugh hysterically now , blasting he horn wildly , mouth the word : bye bye ! Prince scream like a madman ! he twist he throttle full ! he blaze ahead of the train , blast ! up the embankment , sail through the air ... ...a brick wall cut the access road in two ! he scream in bloody terror ! he hit the road and fishtail wildly , lock he brake . the wall come at he like a locomotive . he 's go to hit it , know it and ... he twist he throttle violently blast ! directly into the path of the train ! the engineer look on in horror ! Prince throw he weight forward and ... ... the train roar past he as he fishtail wildly to a stop . the engineer sail off into the dusk , he mouth agape . Prince sit there breathe fiercely , the adrenaline shriek though he vein , watch the train disappear into the distance . ( 78 ) ext . street and alley -- downtown -- twilight shopper flood the sidewalk , rush for the bus that take they home . traffic clog at the 77 intersection while pedestrian walk against the light . Prince ride down the street , hugging the right shoulder , impatient with the delay . he blast down a side street , see flashing light up ahead . gawker be already crowd around . he move through the traffic slowly , glide past a police car , and a small crowd . a car have run onto the sidewalk , knock down the marquee to a rundown , neighborhood bar . something catch he eye -- he stop suddenly . his mother stand against the wall , idly watch the going on . he jump off he bike hurriedly , walk up behind she , tap she on the shoulder -- prince ma ...? she turn , he gasp out loud . her leave eye be swollen shut -- mother ( drunkenly ) hi , ya , baby ... her drunken breath wash over he -- he head spin -- prince ma ... what happen ? she rub up against he -- mother can you give I some money ? c'mon , just some money ... she grope for he drunkenly -- he suddenly realize she do not know who he be -- mother here ...here ... she tug at she wedding ring -- mother give I something for this ... just a little . it will be okay ... prince c'mon ... I will take you home . just then a cop move through the crowd - - cop okay , c'mon now -- break it up . let 's go .. the crowd move out . Police radios cackle . Three women stagger over , one of they grab he mother -- woman c'mon , honey -- we be goin ' in ... she fix Prince with a glare -- woman you be a little young be not you ? get out of here . leave she alone . ( 79 ) ext . prince home -- night Prince blast down the STREET , sweep into he drive , and jump off he bike , practically smash it into the gate . his eye be burn with anger . he fly up the step three at a time , cut across the porch , burst throuch the front door and -- ( 80 ) int . prince' pome -- night -- stalk through the live room , eye blaze -- prince where the fuck be you ? he spin like a top , streak down the hallway , throw open several door violently -- prince where be you ? he cut into the kitchen raging -- prince answer I you fucker !! he twist around frustrated ; exhaustion , anger , and pain compete for the same space . suddenly he stop , listen intently a moment . we hear it now -- a piano . someone 's playing a piano . Prince throw a look at the basement door -- it 's ajar . ( 81 ) int . basement , prince' house -- night a naked light bulb snap on . Prince hesitates a moment , descend the step , pause at the door . the music waft delicately in the night breeze . he move down the halllway uncertainly , but steadily , the music grow , draw he in . he stop , peer into the antechamber . his Father be at the piano , he back to he . he 's perch on the break stool , play with all he 's get . Prince move slowly into the room , he knee weaken , he anger flow from he with every step he take . see he Father this way , he do not know if he should laugh or cry . he sit down silently behind he , listen as he Father play . the song end . his Father sit a moment , stretch he hand idly along the key . feeling a presence in the room , he spin around and jump slightly at see he son . he fix he with a threaten look , then shrug , hunch over the key -- prince be that yours ? father ' course it 's mine . who else 's be it goin ' to be ? get all kind of they . they be different too . prince I would like to see they . you get they write down somewhere ? father no , man -- I do not write they down -- do not need to . that 's the big difference between you and I . prince think you be not go to play no more . his Father look at he sullenly , then look down , stare at the key . Prince 's eye well with tear -- prince I see Mom up the street . she look pretty bad . any idea how she get that way ? his Father bite he he lip , rub a hand over he face , stare at the key . his voice come with difficulty -- prince yeah ... ( a beat ) I get a girlfriend . father you gonna get marry ? prince ( long pause ) I do not know . his Father share a hurtful look with he , then stare darkly at the floor below -- father never get marry . ( 82 ) int . club -- night the club be throbbing . Prince be onstage , stripped to the waist , sweat seeping from he pore in torrent . he 's deep into the pit of " Computer Blue , " lock into a provocative , obscene graphic with Wendy . she 's on she knee in front of he , he crotch move directly in front of she lip . she 's make up fiercely , look like Prince himself . the total effect be unnerve -- Prince be go down on himself . billy spark stand by the bar pretty upset . Jill stand slack -jaw . the kide have stop dance , drink -- they stare at the display , . shaking they head confuse ... the beat be savage . Prince be in he own world , live he own private hell . suddenly the music crescendos , then wind down like a roller coaster sweeping everyone along . the beat change radically . he turn he back to the audience and play ... ... and we suddenly recognize the music as he Father 's -- the song he play on the piano the night before . but it 's Prince 's now , stamp with he own signature . he 's bent at the waist , he back to the audience , alone with he father 's , and he , pain . the crowd fidget ... billy spark fasten he eye on Prince angrily . ( 83 ) ext . club / int . morris ' car ( 1st ave . ST. bar ) -- night kide be hang out in front of the club . the usual queue , however , be noticeably absent . the yellow caddy sweep up . Jerome be at the wheel , Morris and vanity sit in the back . Morris be dress elegantly , resplendent in a 5o 's - style suit . she 's beautiful in a sleek black dress , with long black glove , and heel -- vanity what be we do here , Morris ? morris what do you mean ? vanity I do not want to be here . I do not want to hurt anybody . morris it 's not about hurt anybody . this be business . we can use the exposure . just then Brenda and Susan come up to the car excitedly . Brenda be dress in a 40' - style dress , Susan wear a form - fitting leopard one . they both look gorgeous -- brenda hi -- you come in ? they excitement and nervousness be endear . vanity 's heart go out to they . she force a smile , climb out unaid -- vanity you horn be show , Morris . morris yeah ... but they be hold up my halo . ( 84 ) int . club -- night Prince be on-stage , deep into the close moment of " Computer Blue . " he pace back and forth frantically , still lock in he own private hell . the crowd 's attention have wander , however , and very few remain on the dance floor , find it too much trouble to keep up with the change shift in the music . even he band member be edgy , casting quick look to each other , wishing to get on with more compelling audience - pleasing sound . bar area as billy spark shake hand with Morris and Jerome and be introduce to vanity six for the first time . we can tell by he reaction that he like what he see . he kiss Brenda and Susan , save a special squeeze for vanity herself . he escort the whole group to a table across the floor . vanity bring up the rear , cast a quick look to Prince onstage . prince fasten on she and bring " Computer Blue " to a rouse end . the crowd applaud , but it 's more out of respect than eagerness . he do not seem to notice though , or care . he confer quickly with he group. , then move center-stage . the Band member trade frustrated look with each other -- it 's obvious that they have some trouble with the next song ... Prince press he lip to the mike , and the music start . he begin singing " darling nicky " -- prince I know a girl name nicky , I guess you can say she be a sex fiend . I meet she in a hotel lobby masturbate in magazine . she say , how would you like to waste some time , and I could not resist when I see little nicky grind . billy SPARKS shoot a fierce look to Prince , help Morris , Jerome and the Girls to they table . vanity be watch Prince , a puzzle look on she face -- morris hee , hee ... little empty tonight , huh , billy . but I guess money be not everything . Jerome bust up -- jerome oh no ... that 's cold ... but billy agree -- billy the Duke of Dick be in rare form tonight . they all look toward the stage -- prince be fastened on vanity and it 's apparent to all . he launch into the next verse - - prince she take I to she castle and I could not believe my eye . she have so many device everything that money could buy . she say , sign you name on the dot line , the light go out , and nicky start to grind . vanity flush with embarrassment . billy and Morris notice this and glare at Prince . prince look dead - center at they , and then to vanily -- prince I wake up the next morning . nicky be not there . I look all ov 'r all I find be a phone number on the stair . it say thank you for a funky time , call I up when ev'r you want to grind . vanity stand suddenly , fight back tear . she back from the table quickly , knock the chair over . Morris try to help she , but she sweep past he , hurry for the exit . ( 85 ) int . stairway / ext . STREET -- night as she come down the stair stumbling slightly , tear stream down she face . chick see she , reach out to help -- chick hey ... but she pull away , run out the door , cut across the street . ( 86 ) int . club -- night prince bring the song to a blister end . the stage be plunge into darkness . he strip off he guitar , cut from the stage , ignore the grave look from he Band member . ( 87 ) int . hallway -- night as Prince twist aggressively past a handful of fan , rudely disregard they attention . he cut into the dress room . ( 88 ) int . dressing roon -- night he 's agitate , pace back and forth in a frenzy . suddenly the door fly open . billy spark enter angrily -- billy what the fuck 's wrong with you , Prince ?! prince I do not have time for you bullshit , billy . what do you want ? billy my stage be no place for you personal shit ! prince that 's life , man . billy life my ass , motherfucker ! this be a business , and you be not too far go to see that . ( a beat ) I have tell you this before . you be not pull they in like you use to . the only person who give a fuck about you music be yourself . prince fuck off ! but billy can not help laugh -- billy just like you old man ... Prince shoot he a threaten look -- billy yeah -- you get it . tell I I be wrong . ( a beat ) you be not blind . look around you . no one 's digging you . Prince turn away -- billy look at you band . be they in here right now ? they be out there ' cause they can not stand be in the same room with you . ( a beat ) what a fuck waste ... like father , like son -- prince Lay off that ! billy turn to go -- billy take you head out of you ass , Prince , check it out -- unless you like the view up there . you music do not make sense to anyone but yourself . he close the door behind he . Prince stand dully a moment , then sit heavily in a chair . exhaustion suddenly overwhelm he . he rest he head in he hand , moment tick by ... he shake himself awake -- Morris and Jerome stand by the door -- jerome that be fuck up what you do man . Morris do not like it . and be a part of this - - I do not like it either . prince I do not care . morris hee , hee ... huh , it 's obvious you do not have what it take to be on top . he pull a envelope from he pocket -- morris but to show you that I be sympathetic to you problem - - here 's a pass to we show tomorrow night . enjoy it . they leave . then Morris stick he head into the doorway -- morris do not forget to bring a girlfriend . whawhak ! ( 89 ) ext . the taste -- night commotion . car be thick in front of the taste , a small nightclub locate in the poorer part of the city . because of its location , the taste book different dance band four night a week and then host a variety night the remain two . aspire comedian , dancer and juggler flock to variety night , desirous of try they material in front of a live audience -- and hope to catch the discere eye of a talent scout on the prowl . billy spark pull up to the curb , get out with a beautiful woman and cut inside . ( 90 ) int . backstage , the taste -- night Jerome stand backstage fidget nervously , stare appreciatively at the close dress room door . various people in costume pass by sporadically . suddenly a burst of applause and laughter waft into the hallway . Jerome walk to the curtain and peer out -- ( 91 ) int . the taste -- night jerome' Pov -- billy spark and he girlfriend be seat at a front table . a comedian be on stage juggling knive and hatchet . the crowd be roaring they approval . ( 92 ) int . backstage -- the taste -- night just then a clown pass Jerome , stop , and hand he a flower . Jerome try to smile , but he nervousness be simply too strong . the clown hand he another flower , try to elicit a favorable response . Jerome be patient , but attempt to ignore the clown in a polite way , indicate he would rather be alone . the clown persist , however , go through a little routine , hand he flower after flower ... suddenly Jerome throw they into the air , grab the clown by the throat and fling he headlong down the hallway . the clown give Jerome the finger and walk off in a huff . morris cut from the dress room , close the door behind he . he join Jerome at the curtain , and they move down the back stairway to the club -- morris ( nervously ) I guess this be it . jerome I guess so , M.D. morris I think I be go to be sick . why do this have to be happen to I ? have it cross you mind that we be about to make the biggest mistake we have ever make ? jerome I do not think it 's all that bad . morris that 's why I do all the think . ( 93 ) int . the taste -- night as billy spark spot Morris , wave . Morris manage a weak smile , offer a half - heart wave back . just then we hear a firce drum beat , and -- taste m.c. lady and gentlemen , please welcome vanity six . respectful applause -- morris oh , God -- he sit quickly , follow by Jerome -- they both put on sunglass . a hush descend over the crowd . the curtain rise slowly ... and Brenda , Susan and vanity be freeze in a provocative , vampy stance . they effect on the audience be galvanize -- the crowd burst into applause and whistle -- morris ( surprised ) what ?? wearing sexy lingerie and move seductively to the beat , the Girls launch into " sex shooter " with complete abandon . the music be slick and fierce , the Girls sexy and sure . wearing black bikini panty , black tail and boot , vanity dance center-stage and begin singing . she 's mesmerize , she look so allure , so profound that the audience sit slack - jaw in amazement . the spotlight be hers and she soak it in , radiating a sexiness that have the audience at she foot . the entire concept -- dress , dance , music and staging -- be overwhelming , with just the right degree of playfulness to allow the crowd easy passage into the fantasy world the Girls create . Brenda and Susan play off she wonderfully , share secret look with the crowd , balance the wickedness of the act with a innocence that be entice . they be work strongly as a unit now , the audience roaring they approval ... morris and Jerome be beside themselves with happiness . the pull off they shade immediately , sit back and glow in the audience 's response . prince stand in the back , he eye glue to vanity . her strength and sureness in front of the crowd be breathtaking . the audience love she and he suddenly feel very alone -- as if another wall have go up between they . he look away a moment and spot ... ... Morris look at he with a self - satisfied , triumphant grin on he face . Prince look away , move out of he eyesight . " sex shooter " come to a end . the stage be plunge into darkness . the crowd go wild , leap to they foot , begging for more . the Girls , slighly over - whelmed by the response and flush deep red , hold one another . tightly and take repeat bow . prince watch the Girls bow to thunderous applause . suddenly vanity look at he and touch the earring she 's wear -- it 's he mother 's . his knee weaken instantly , and he lock eye with she . the heat between they be unmistakable . she smile vividly , give he a endear wave and step back as the curtain close . he 's moving through the crowd before he know it , try to get to the backstage door . the crowd be thick , he path momentarily block . he spot billy spark cut across the floor and congratulate Morris and Jerome . Prince turn from they , try once again to make he way through the crowd . ( 94 ) int . dressing room , and hallway -- the taste -- night vanity and the Girls rush into the dress room and jump up and down with excitement . they be beside themselves with happiness , kissing and hugging one another avidly . suddenly vanity pull away , indicate she will be back and cut out the room . hallway as she run down the hallway to the backstage area , peer from behind the curtain , scan the club earnestly . ( 95 ) in 't . -- the taste -- near curtain -- night as Prince wait impatiently in the long line . billy spark come by , spot he and stop -- billy Morris be squeezing you , kiddo . you better kick ass tomorrow night or else . he cut outside , disappear into the crowd . Prince stand there steaming , the wind knock out of he , he joy a memory . he turn back to the line , but it have grow , the crowd now jamme up against the door . frustrate , he cut outside . backstage as vanity watch Prince leave . a profound sadness sweep she face . suddenly Susan be by she side , hugging and kissing she happily . Brenda run up , pour champagne . Morris , Jerome and the time be at the end of the hallway and beckon she excitedly into the room . vanity force a smile , go down the hallway , casting another look at the exit door . ( 96 ) ext . back alley , the taste -- night Morris and vanity stagger down the alley obviously very drunk . Morris pull from a flask . vanity be still in she lingerie , wear a open coat over it . her speech be slur -- vanity do you hear this people applaud ? they love we -- they want to rip we apart , and this be just we first night . I can see it now , we be all go to be big star . I can feel it . morris ( sing ) ai not nobody bad like I . she kiss he spontaneously on the cheek -- vanity Morris , you be a genius . morris ye-e ... he fix she with a sexy look , take a healthy look from he flask , then give it too she . vanity throw she head back , drink fully , the liquor coursing over she cheek . he devour she with he eye , open the door to the caddy -- morris let 's go , bebe . she stop as if remember something -- vanity huh , where 's Jerome ? morris in he skin ...hee , hee ... he 's try to nudge she into the caddy - - vanity be he come ? morris I give he the night off . vanity why ? he stagger back from the car , undulate he hip wantonly -- morris whawhak ! she bust up . just then a motorcycle can be hear off screen . they look around drunkenly , try to discern its direction . suddenly Prince blast around the corner full out ! he streak by Morris and kick he flat on he ass into the garbage -- morris ( wail ) oh , no -- oh , God ... no ! Prince skid to a slick stop . vanity be transfix . the entire episode take less than five second . he twist the throttle , blast down upon she ... she break in a panic ! she run clumsily down another alley , she coat fly . he whip after she like a madman . she fly around the corner -- a dead end ! he fishtail to a slick stop -- prince get on ! there 's no way out ! suddenly she let out a excited yelp , jump on . he gun the bike , burst up the alley . Morris jump into he path drunkenly , he arm extend -- morris stop ! stop ! but Prince blaze down upon he , send he slip and slide to safety . he blast around the bend -- morris motherfucker ! you long-haire faggot ! ( 97 ) ext . highway to embankment -- night Prince and vanity whipping down the highway . ( 98 ) ext . embankment -- night they streak down the road , slow , then move down a small embankment . he stop the bike and get off . she 's in a foul mood , stagger around dully , she head pound , she speech slur -- vanity so here we be again . so this be it , huh ? what do you want this time ? he look at she painfully , upset about she drunken state -- vanity what 's you problem now ? what 's you main problem ? prince no problem . I just want to talk , alright ? I just want we to be okay , to really get along . no big deal . she cackle , fall flat on she ass , hoist herself up -- vanity no big deal , huh ... she pull Morris ' flask from she jacket -- he eye blacken -- prince give I that . vanity no , definitely not . who be you ? you can not tell I what to do . she put it to she lip -- prince please do not drink that . give it to I . she hold the flask to she lip defiantly , then go to drink . he lash out suddenly , smashes it from she grip . she scream wildly , slap he hard across the face . he stand shocked a moment , he rage surging within he , smash through every safety valve he 's acquire in he life . he backhand she savagely across the jaw . she hit the ground like a rag doll . he look at she curiously , bend over she - - she sucker - punch he with everything she 's get ! he scream in rage and grab she hand as they flail about he face . he squeeze she finger back while the tear stream down she cheek and she mouth form a silent " ow " ! she bare she tooth angrily and he suck at she mouth , bite and kissing she in a fever pitch . she kick at he violently , hot tear stream down she cheek . he jam he leg between hers , rub it firmly against she bottom . she struggle helplessly against he as he cover she breast , she stomach , she thigh with he lip . Quick breath escape from she -- she breathe begin to race ... he snap she panty in two , pull they from between she leg . she spread herself as he release he pants . she squeeze he buttock , pull he toward she -- but Prince resist she coldly , regards she with contempt . suddenly he flip she onto she stomach , force she to stand painfully on she knee . he rub he hand between she buttock , then thrust into she painfully , drive himself to the very depth of she ... ... but she stifles a cry , arch she back , and meet he thrust fiercely , move quick and quick , bang she buttock against he thigh again and again . she 's draw from he now , turn the humiliation around , obtain all that she need and desire . he 's powerless -- she thrust set the pace . she rise , Prince still inside she and tug on he rapidly , cause he to ejaculate suddenly , draw from he a sharp and sudden cry ... she move away , draw she coat tightly about she , fix he with a contemptuous look -- vanity you be nothing , Prince , absolutely nothing . you think you be so special -- but deep down you be just like all the rest . ( a beat ) you whole life you have be hide , hide behind you music . but now you do not even have that , because last night ... last night you use it to hurt someone , someone who really care . she run up the embankment , wipe away she tear , face he -- vanity if you put you hand on I like that ever again , I will be the last person you touch . she pull off he mother 's earring , throw it at he . tear flow , she streak into the highway blindly , directly into the path of a speed car - - the driver spot she in he headlight , slam on he brake ! he skid wildly across the road , come to a screeching , burning stop inch from she thigh ! vanity shoot a look at Prince , she lip tremble , she love for he , write plainly on she face . but he eye flash defiantly . she bite she lip sadly , then snap a hot look at the Driver -- vanity I need a ride . she cut around the car , hop in . the Driver skid off into the night . Prince stand there tremble , watch as it disappear into the distance . dissolve to : ( 99 ) ext . prince' house -- night Prince pull up to the wooden gate , cut the motor , get off . he walk wearily across the porch , move to the front door -- it 's wide open . he think nothing of it , cut into the house , close it behind he . ( 100 ) int . prince' house -- ground floor -- night he stand by the door motionless , a curious look on he face . the stereo be on , the needle skip monotonously along the record . his mouth open into a spasm -- prince dad ...? silence . a sudden dread course through he , leave a hollow in he stomach . his foot be like lead . he move heavily into the room -- prince Mom ...? nothing . panic set in . he streak down the hallway , twist open the bedroom door -- it 's empty . Blue night light glow through the window . curtain play delicately in the breeze . he 's thoughtful , walk back into the live room ... ... the coffee table be smashed . he look at it curiously , wonder stupidly if it have always be like that . then sudden bolt of fear make he head swim . a lamp , a porcelain dish , some knickknack on the mantle -- all smashed . he rush into the kitchen , look around crazily -- prince daddd ...! nothing but the decay of he scream . the basement door be ajar . he cut to it quickly , pull it open , peer frantically into the darkness below . he snap on the light ... ( 101 ) omit ( 102 ) ext . prince' house -- night siren ! the scene be a riot of color and frenzy . a police car , light flashing , skid into the drive . neighbor jam the street . police car be park all around . ( 103 ) int . basement , prince' house -- night chaos ! the basement be packed with cop . Prince 's father be strapped into a gurney , stare dully at the ceiling . photographer snap picture as paramedics work feverishly over he . i.v. unit be push into he vein . a oxygen mask be place over he nose and mouth . huge white bandage be bunched up along the back of he head . his mother be kneel by the gurney , cry hysterically , grasp he hand in a white panic . two cop support she . someone be shout instruction . radios crackle incessantly . a medic cry -- medic lift ! and the gurney be hoist up the stair quickly , the bulk of the crowd follow , he mother support as she ascend the stair . Prince sit on a tatter sofa in the corner , he head bow . cop stand and kneel beside he . somebody finish take note , close he pad . one cop rest a hand on he shoulder , talk to he in soft tone . Prince shake he head slightly . the cop give the group a signal and everyone disperse , move up the stair . the cop look at he sympathetically , then close the door behind he . ( 104 ) int . basement -- night prince sit motionless a long time . moonlight flood the basement with a forebode light . a dog bark somewhere in the distance . he look up suddenly , he face agitate , he eye red from tear . prince' Pov -- chalk mark on the floor outline the body of he Father . there 's a gun in he Father 's hand clearly mark . a train whistle in the distance . he 's stare at the gun . he shake he head , rub a hand over he face vigorously and look up again ... ... the gun in he Father 's hand . he can not get it out of he mind ! the whistle be closer . he lurch to he foot , pace back and forth crazily . his Father 's head , the gun ... the gun ... the ... the whistle be louder . he throw himself into the chair , bury he face deeply into he hand and cry . huge rack sob spasm through he body . his Father , he mother , he entire life , he music , he guitar ... he look up suddenly -- the gun in he Father 's hand . .. and he stare at it . the whistle be louder ! his heart be pound in he ear . he squeeze they shut , look up ... the gun . he bolt to he foot , pace back and forth in a panic ! the train be howling ! a rope in the corner of the room , he face , the gun ... he sit dully , gaze at the rope as if in a trance . the train be roaring past the house , it 's horn blasting . the rope , the gun , and he body dangle from the rafter in the night breeze -- prince ( scream ) noooooo !! he lurch to he foot , cut through the basement like a madman . he grab a stick and start slashing thing crazily , move through the room swinging he stick wildly again and again . he 's lose to himself now , deep in the pit of a unknown terror , expurgate a horror that have be fester in he for year . he fling he stick at the wall , unend shelf and bureaus , trample old memory that have lain dormant for year . drawer after drawer be flung against the wall , they content smash and scatter about . he open a large , oaken chest and flip over . thick three inch pile of yellow paper fall out . he snap through the rubber band hold they together and fling the paper at the wall again and again ... ...he stop suddenly , shocked . he sees musical note write down on the paper . he heart pound in he chest , he search frantically through the rubble scattered about he . more and more musical note , sketch idea , simple melody , entire song and score -- all meticulously record on line yellow paper , date for the last 20 year , and sign ... by he Father . he 's shocked to a standstill . then the full significance of what 's before he hit he like a sledgehammer . he collapse in agony against the chest , tear flow down he cheek . ( 105 ) int . basement -- a series of shot ( night into day ) Prince lie outstretch on the basement floor , sleep fitfully , feverishly . his body be lather in sweat , the droplet glisten in the pale light . another angle cool , gray dawn . he 's in a dead sleep on the floor , he arm outstretch , he leg twisted beneath he . his Father 's outline seemingly rest by he side ... just then the basement window begin to glow with sunlight . it inch slowly across the floor , then sweep he majestically , bathing he in its warmth . he wake slowly , stretch he limb like a open flower . after a moment he sit up , shade he eye ... the basement be litter with debris . the destruction be complete , but in the midst of it lie he Father 's music . the yellow parchment be scattered about glow in the sunlight ... something seem to flash across he mind . he stand , move quickly down the hallway to the antechamber ... suddenly we hear a tape rewinding . after a moment ... music and we immediately recognize it as Lisa 's and Wendy 's song . it play a moment , then snap off abruptly . he stand lock in think , then sit behind the piano , hunt for the first few note of Lisa 's and Wendy 's song ... dissolve to : ( 105a ) int . hospital room -- night Prince 's Father be lie on the bed , sleep peacefully . a large bandage be wrap along the back of he head . his mother sit by he side , she forehead rest on the cover , she hand hold he . she 's in deep sleep , and it 's obvious at once that she 's be by he side the entire time ... Prince step from the shadow of the room and gaze at they fight back the emotion that well within he . he lean close and kiss they both gentlythen -- mc ( over ) ( excited ) let 's bring they back ! lady and gentleman , the time ! ( 106 ) int . club ( 1st ave . ST. bar ) -- night the crowd go wild ! Morris , Jerome and the time return to the stage to a frenzied throng . the place be packed , the crowd applaud like mad ! laser light strobe the house in a frenzy . it 's a glorious night , and Morris strut back and forth imperialistically criss - crossing the stage like a lion , urging the audience on . he grab a mike -- morris you love we right ?! you want we right ?! I can not hear you ! the crowd be scream -- Morris flash a wide , exaggerated grin-- morris what time be it ?! ( a beat ) whawhak !! and music . the time launch into " the Bird " and Morris , laugh heartily , do ' the Bird " ( dance ) with Jerome as the audience roar they approval . ( 107 ) int . dressing room / backstage -- night as Prince and he Band sit in grave silence , the exuberant sound of the club filter through the open door . Jill be also in the room , sit on a table , hold the dog silently in she lap . she cast sidelong look to Prince , tear welling in she eye . the Band member fidget nervously , know full well that they job be on the line , and feel awful about the personal tragedy that have befallen Prince . the entire situation be very tense , and it 's make worse every time the crowd let out a delighted roar of approval . but Prince sit placidly , he face a enigma , he feeling a mystery . ( 108 ) int . club -- night and it could not be more of a contrast ! the place be a riot of color and raucous carrying on . " the Bird " be a smash success with everyone on the dance floor try gamely to get the step right . Morris and Jerome be flushed with pride , surprising even themselves with they impromptu adjustment to the act . the music crescendos , then come to a rouse blister end ! the stage be plunge into darkness . the crowd go berserk . billy spark shake he head happily -- billy Jesus ! ( 109 ) int . backstage -- night Morris , Jerome and the time cut briskly past admire fan , laugh and shouting crazily -- band member ( ad lib ) it 's all over now . he better watch out . he do not even need to go on . he might as well go home . ( 110 ) int . dressing room -- night as Prince , Jill and the Band sit in dead silence listen to the time 's bluster off screen . suddenly the time cross the doorway -- Morris do a double - take , stick he head into the room -- morris how 's the family ! whawhak ! the time bust up , drag Morris from the room . Prince 's group be shocked , cast furtive glance to he -- but he remain serene , then -- mc ( over ) lady and gentleman , please welcome Prince ! applause offscreen . Prince stand abruptly , strap on he guitar . his Band member look at he closely , try to discern he feeling . he give they a cursory glance , cut out the door . ( 111 ) int . club -- night Prince hit the stage and the applause grow , but it ' 's nothing like the exuberance that greet Morris . he move center-stage and plant himself there , he eye stare into the audience . billy SPARKS lean against the bar , a smug look on he face . vanity walk slowly up the stair , gaze at Prince . prince do not move . the applause trickle away . he continue to stare in the audience make no attempt to direct he Band , or start a tune . a nervous twitter ripple though the crowd . that who know about the tragedy feel a profound embarrassment for he -- but no one turn away . then he voice come clear and mellifluous -- prince I would like to do a song that two of my friend write . a murmur , cut through the crowd like a riptide . Prince snap a look to Lisa and Wendy and confirm that it be indeed they song . they can not believe it ! tear spring to Wendy 's eye before she know it ... Prince smile at she , then gaze at he entire Band . they eye fasten on he in a instant . he count softly and ... music . the open bar of " purple rain . " he turn to to the audience and sing .... it 's a ballad , a poem really , a plea for understanding , love , and survival . it 's a testament , a pact if you will , between himself and other ... the audience be mesmerize , all eye be upon he -- but Prince do not notice . lip press against the mike , dark eye stream , he 's lose to himself now , loosen all that 's within he , cleanse himself of he rage , hatred and pain ... vanity be cry . every moment she have share with he be express in this song , and the effect on she be unnerve . her heart leap to he in a way she never think possible . but she let it go willingly , as the word draw she in , seduce she somehow , make she free ... as if the music , he word , all that he have experience and understand , be purging what be confuse and ugly within herself , leave she with a understanding and joy that burn in she womb like soft fire . a smile spring to she lip as tear continue to flow , and she find herself move closer ... ... as the audience move closer , draw somehow to the stage , to the person who sing so truly , to the person who give of himself unselfishly to all that he feel ... Prince begin a long sustained cry that cut though the heart of all present . the music build awsomely , and he continue to sing out , empty himself of all the remain pain lie within . the music crescendos and come to a quiet end ... stun silence . a silence so profound you could hear a pin drop . Prince sigh , assume the worse , then cut across the stage purposefully . now some clapping . and a whistle from the back and the shout . and more whistle and some even scream . and the whistle and the shout and the clapping grow and grow as .... ( 112 ) int . hallway -- night Prince cut from the stage in a frenzy , rush toward the rear exit . the applause be building and building until it 's a thunder , a onrush roar , a avalanche of hysteria that rock the club mightily ... prince be still run though , he face stream with tear , past the surprised look of Jill , past the fan , past everyone -- stripping of he clothes fiercely , fling off he jacket , he shirt , he scarf -- ( 113 ) ext . back entrance , int . hallway -- club -- night he smashes open the door , burst outside . he suck in the night air as if he be drown . he wipe away he tear , rush to he bike , start to undo the chain ... ... they be shout he name ... not randomly , not haphazardly , but ... in unison . and relentless , very demand , downright urgent , and ... it 's beautiful . a wry smile cross he lip . he head back to the door . Jill be there , scared , she face a map of tear . he flash she a smile -- prince hi. she 's thunderstruck , can barely squeak it out -- jill hi . and he whip into the hallway . her face dissolves into a smile of pure joy . ( 114 ) int . club -- night moving now , fast and furious . the hallway be line with people . they reach for he as he pass , touch he , shower he with they love . someone hand he he shirt , another he scarf -- it 's so intense ! he 's move quickly now , he jacket up ahead , closer ... he stop suddenly , stunne ... ... vanity be hold he jacket . he 's strike speechless -- she hand it to he smile , tear stream down she face -- vanity I love you . his knee go weak , she kiss he spontaneously , push he lovingly to the stage . the crowd be roaring ! ( 115 ) int . hallway and stage rear -- night he 's half - run now like crazy -- he Band be on -stage , peer anxiously into the hallway . they spot he and relief sweep they face like a tidal wave . he whip he jacket on , rush up the stair ... ( 116 ) int . club -- night stage thunder ! Prince walk center - stage ... and bow . the audience go berserk ! he acknowledge Wendy and Lisa , and then the entire Band . the crowd be jump out of they skin ! he strap on he guitar , give a deat signal and -- music . the Band launch into " I would die for you . " vanity squeeze she way through the crowd and stand watch Prince from the wing . he press he lip to the mike and sing . the music continue as we ... CUT to : ( 117 ) int . live room , prince' home -- night Prince walk through the live room slowly , gaze at the smashed table , the break lamp and dish . every item in the room suddenly take on a profound significance . his father 's slipper under the sofa , he mother 's knickknack on the table , she pen and ink drawing on the wall . after a moment , he pick up he father 's slipper , study they a long time . ( 118 ) int . bedroom -- night the door open -- a light snap on . he walk into the room , place he father 's slipper in the closet . his mother 's dress be lie in a heap on the floor . he pick it up , and put it away . ( 119 ) int . basement -- night as he descend the step hesitantly . the floor be cover with rubble . he sit on the step , stare at he father 's music on the floor . " I would die for you " continue as we ... CUT to : ( 120 ) int . club -- night Prince on - stage singing " I would die for you . " the audience be captivate , lock into he grip again . his eye seem to be focus on something far away . he close they tightly , press he lip against the mike . the music continue as we ... CUT to : ( 121 ) int . basement , prince' home -- twilight he 's in the final stage of clean the basement floor . the debris have be sweep up , shelf righted , smashed item throw away ... he stack he Father 's music neatly , tear welling in he eye . he place it in new box , stand wearily , a fulfil look on he face . suddenly he stop -- stare at the awful chalk mark on the floor : he Father lie down , the gun grip in he hand ... " I would die for you " continue as we ... CUT to : ( 122 ) int . club -- night Prince on - stage singing " I would die for you . " he 's lose to himself now , lock into a personal horror he alone can see . the crowd be press against the stage , mesmerize by he performance . billy spark be also draw in , amaze at the power be generate from the stage . Prince sweep the audience with he eye , then fasten on vanity earnestly , sing directly to she . the music continue as we ... CUT to : ( 123 ) int . basement , prince' home -- dawn he pull a hose from behind the washer , draw it on to the floor . he hesitates a moment , gaze one last time at he Father 's outline , tear welling in he eye . he turn the water on , watch as the dusty yellow chalk give way reluctantly , mixing with the water , swirl down the drain . calmness sweep he face like a pass cloud . just then sunlight blaze in through the casement window . Water droplet glisten brilliantly in the morning light . he turn the water off , go to put the hose back -- stop suddenly , surprised ... ...his mother 's earring lie on the floor . he 's entrance , pick it up , stare at it a moment . everything he 's be through come rush at he like a loco motive . the confusion , the shouting and violence , the darkness that eclipse he parent ' life -- it 's all there , lie just below the surface , settle into he heart . but now there 's a difference -- he know it 's there and have discover what could happen when it take control of you life . so as he stand in the basement , on the clean cellar floor , he realize that ... he will just take one thing at a time , and do it right . better than anybody else . he smile , realize that in the last few week , he 's never feel better than he feel right now . he turn quickly , flip the earring to the stairwell ... ... vanity pluck it from the air . they eye lock and they share smile of pure joy . he pick up he father 's music , and they both head up the stair . " I would die for you " continue as we -- CUT to : ( 124 ) int . club -- night celebration ! everyone be jumping up and down . Prince be radiant , strutting across the stage , he hand upraise . the crowd go wild ! he flash a wide grin to vanity , then twist , eyeball the crowd wickedly , wonderfully . it 's too much ! everyone be join in now . even Morris and Jerome , stand in the wing , start dancing like crazy . then suddenly they catch themselves , stop , act dignify . but vanity see they and bust up . they catch she look , laugh heartily and join in again . the music segues into a fierce beat . the crowd let out a roar ! Prince strip off he guitar , streak center - stage . the Band launch into " baby , I be a Star . " ... and the crowd laugh , dance , shouting and loving . the club be alive ! and the music continue ... forever ...