Pygmalion first , a sky over chimney pot and church tower , with mass of thundercloud and a black cloud move toward the sun . cut to : Piccadilly Circus , London . flower seller ( woman in shawl with basket ) seat round the base of the eros monument . among they liza doolittle , the only young one . the rest be elderly or middle age . all , include liza , be too poorly clad and dirty to be attractive . liza be a pathetic draggle tail creature . she offer bunch of violet to the passer - by , like the rest ; but there be no business , as the sky be darken , and people be look up anxiously at the cloud , loosen the band of they umbrella , and hurry on . the flower seller be still offer they ware ; but no word can be distinguished through the traffic noise . cut to : liza and she next neighbor , a elderly woman . the audience now have a better look at liza ; but she good look be not yet discoverable : she be dirty and she ill comb hair be dirty . her shawl and skirt be old and ugly . her boot be deplorable , she hat , a old black straw with a band of violet , indescribable . the older woman , though also dirty with London grime , and no better dress , be slightly more discipline by experience . she be busy pack she basket and cover it . liza be listless , discourage , and miserable . old woman . now then , liza : wake up . it 's go to rain something chronic . you go to sit there and get soak ? liza . o gawd , I avnt sell a bloody thing since five o’clock , I avnt . what the good of do anything in this weather ? old woman . come now : talk like that wont elp . better get home dry than wet . the old woman take up she basket and hurry off . Thunder , much nearer , after a flash . liza look up , and hastily stir herself to pack she basket . she finish by put she hat into the basket and draw she shawl over she head . then she rush off . View of Piccadilly Circus again ; but it be now raining with the first heavy drop of a summer shower . people put up umbrella , turn up the collar of they coat , and beginning to run . also hail taxi and scramble into they . liza , with she basket under arm , make a rush for it and vanish . another street scene continue the business of people catch in a heavy shower . freddy , a good look young gentleman , age 20 , be on the kerb , hail taxi after taxi ; but they be all engage . freddy . tax ! [ the cab do not stop ] . tax ! [ another failure ] . tax ! [ another ] . oh , damn ! [ he rush off ] . liza come run with she shawl over she head and she basket under she arm . she disappear in freddy 's footstep . under the portico of the church of St. Paul in covent Garden , London . the portico be on the sidewalk , level with it and shelter it from the rain . it 's great column divide the view of it into section . General view of it from the market , with the crowd of people shelter from heavy rain . Mrs. Hill , she daughter , higgins and all the rest be in position ; but they be not distinguishable in this shot . the church clock chime the first quarter . the clangor must be fairly loud but not unmusical . under the portico look out as from the church wall through the column to covent Garden market . thus all the shelterer have they back to the audience except higgins , who stand in the middle with he back to they listen and make note , cock he ear right and leave alternately as he listen . there be a babel of conversation but nothing distinguishable . the figure of higgins should be on the scale of a close -up . the row of back behind he should be on that of a longer shot , so as to give he comparative magnitude . higgins be not youthful . he be a mature , well - build , impressive , authoritative man of 40 or thereabout , with a frock coat , a broadbrimmed hat , and a inverness cape . it be important that in age and everything else he should be in strong contrast to freddy , who be 20 , slim , goodlook , and very youthful . a section of the crowded portico view from the market . Close - up to the two central pillar . the space between they must be enough to manoeuvre four principal in front of the shelter crowd . a elderly lady ( Mrs eynsford Hill ) and she daughter ( Clara ) be in front glumly watch the rain . the mother be slight , refine and well - breed . the daughter , young and bloom , be more thickly build and comparatively bumptious . they dress be in good taste but not new and not expensive . the daughter [ in the space between the central pillar , close to the one on she leave ] I be get chill to the bone . what can freddy be do all this time ? the mother [ on she daughter 's right ] not so long . but he ought to have get we a cab by this . freddy rush in out of the rain from the southampton Street side , and come between they close a drip umbrella . he be wet around the ankle . the daughter . well , havnt you get a cab ? freddy . theres not one to be have for love or money . the mother . oh , freddy , there must be one . you cant have try . the daughter . it 's too tiresome . do you expect we to go and get one ourselves ? the mother . you really be very helpless , freddy . go again ; and dont come back until you have find a cab . freddy . oh , very well : I will go , I will go . [ he open he umbrella and dash off , but come into collision with liza , who be hurry in for shelter , knock she basket out of she hand . a blind flash of lightning , follow instantly by a rattling peal of thunder , orchestrate the incident ] . liza . Nah then , freddy : look wh ' y' gowin , deah . freddy . sorry [ he rush off ] . liza [ pick up she scattered flower and replace they in the basket ] theres menner f' yer ! te-oo banches of voylet trod into the mad . [ she sit down on the plinth of the column , sorting she flower , on the lady 's right ] . the mother . how do you know that my son 's name be freddy , pray ? liza . ow , eez ye-ooa san , be e? Wal , fewd dan y' de-ooty bawmz a mather should , eed now bettern to spawl a pore gel 's flahrzn than run awy athaht pyin . will ye- oo py I f'them ? [ here , with apology , this desperate attempt to represent she dialect without a phonetic alphabet must be abandon as unintelligible outside London . ] the daughter . do nothing of the sort , mother . the idea ! the mother . please allow I , Clara . have you any penny ? the daughter . no. I have nothing smaller than sixpence . liza [ hopefully ] I can give you change for a tanner , kind lady . the mother [ to Clara ] give it to I . [ Clara part reluctantly ] . now [ to the girl ] this be for you flower . liza . thank you kindly , lady . the daughter . make she give you the change . this thing be only a penny a bunch . the mother . do hold you tongue , Clara . [ to the girl ] . you can keep the change . liza . oh , thank you , lady . the mother . now tell I how you know that young gentleman 's name . liza . I didnt . the mother . I hear you call he by it . do try to deceive I . liza [ protest ] whos try to deceive you ? I call he freddy or Charlie same as you might yourself if you be talk to a stranger and wish to be pleasant . [ she sit down beside she basket ] . the daughter . sixpence throw away ! really , mamma , you might have spare freddy t h a t . [ she retreat in disgust behind the pillar ] . a elderly gentleman of the amiable military type rush into shelter , and close a drip umbrella . he be in the same plight as freddy , very wet about the ankle . he be in evening dress , with a light overcoat . he take the place leave vacant by the daughter . the gentleman . phew ! [ he go to the plinth beside liza , put up he foot on it ; and stoops to turn down he trouser end ] . the mother . oh dear ! [ she retire sadly and join she daughter ] . liza [ take advantage of the military gentleman 's proximity to establish friendly relation with he ] . cheer up , Captain ; and buy a flower off a poor girl . the gentleman . I be sorry , I havnt any change . liza . I can give you change , Captain . the gentlemen . for a sovereign ? ive nothing less . liza . garn ! oh do buy a flower off I , Captain . I can change half - a-crown . take this for tuppence . the gentleman . now dont be troublesome : there a good girl . [ try he pocket ] I really havnt any change -- stop : here three hapence , if thats any use to you [ he retreat to the other pillar ] . liza [ disappointed , but think three halfpence better than nothing ] thank you , sir . the bystander [ to the girl ] you be careful : give he a flower for it . theres a bloke here behind take down every bless word your say . [ all turn to the man who be take note ] . cut to : under the portico look out through the column to covent Garden market , the crowd turn round to look at higgins . cut to : the whole width of the portico view from the market . the crowd with liza make a frantic scene in front of they . picker in the foreground watch the row . single figure or pair detach themselves momentarily to speak to liza or to one another . finally higgins push through to she . liza [ spring up terrify ] I aint do nothing wrong by speak to the gentleman . ive a right to sell flower if I keep off the kerb . [ hysterically ] I be a respectable girl : so help I , I never speak to he except to ask he to buy a flower off I . General hubbub , mostly sympathetic to the flower girl , but deprecate she excessive sensibility . cries of do start hollerin . whos hurt you ? nobody 's go to touch you . what the good of fussing ? steady on . easy , easy , etc. , come from the elderly staid spectator , who pat she comfortingly . less patient one bid she shut she head , or ask she roughly what be wrong with she . a remoter group , not know what the matter be , crowd in and increase the noise with question and answer : what the row ? what she do ? where be he ? a tec take she down . what ! he ? yes : he over there : take money off the gentleman , etc . liza [ break through they to the gentleman , cry wildly ] oh , sir , dont let he charge I . you dunno what it mean to I . theyll take away my character and drive I on the street for speak to gentleman . they -- the note taker [ come forward on she right , the rest crowd after he ] there ! there ! there ! there ! whos hurt you , you silly girl ? what do you take I for ? the bystander . it 's all right : hes a gentleman : look at he boot . Close - up between the two central pillar , view from the market . liza [ still hysterical ] I take my Bible oath I never say a word -- the note taker [ overbearing but good-humored ] oh , shut up , shut up . do I look like a policeman ? liza [ far from reassure ] then what do you take down my word for ? how do I know whether you take I down right ? you just shew I what youve write about I . [ the note taker open he book and hold it steadily under she nose , though the pressure of the mob try to read it over he shoulder would upset a weaker man ] . what that ? that aint proper write . I cant read that . the note taker . I can . [ read , reproduce she pronunciation exactly ] " cheer ap , keptin ; and baw ya flahr orf a pore gel . " liza [ much distress ] it 's because I call he Captain . I mean no harm . [ to the gentleman ] oh , sir , dont let he lay a charge agen I for a word like that . you -- the gentleman . charge ! I make no charge . [ to the note taker ] really , sir , if you be a detective , you need not begin protect I against molestation by young woman until I ask you . anybody could see that the girl mean no harm . the bystander generally [ demonstrate against police espionage ] course they could . what business be it of yours ? you mind you own affair . he want promotion , he do . take down people 's word ! girl never say a word to he . what harm if she do ? Nice thing a girl cant shelter from the rain without be insulted , etc. , etc. , etc . [ she be conduct by the more sympathetic demonstrator back to she plinth , where she resume she seat and struggle with she emotion . ] the bystander . he aint a tec . hes a bloom busybody : thats what he be . I tell you , look at he be-oots . the note taker [ turn on he genially ] and how be all you people down at selsey ? the bystander [ suspiciously ] who tell you my people come from selsey ? the note taker . never you mind . they do . [ to the girl ] how do you come to be up so far east ? you be bear in lisson Grove . liza [ appal ] oh , what harm be there in my leave lisson Grove ? it wasnt fit for a pig to live in ; and I have to pay four- and - six a week . [ in tear ] oh , boo—hoo—oo '' the note taker . live where you like ; but stop that noise . the gentleman [ to the girl ] come , come ! he cant touch you : you have a right to live where you please . liza [ subside into a brood melancholy over she basket , and talk very low - spiritedly to herself ] I be a good girl , I be . the sarcastic bystander [ not attend to she ] do you know where I come from ? the note taker [ promptly ] hoxton . titterings . popular interest in the note taker 's performance increase . the sarcastic one [ amaze ] well , who say I didnt ? bly I ! you know everything , you do . liza [ still nursing she sense of injury ] aint no call to meddle with I , he aint . the bystander [ to she ] of course he aint . do you stand it from he . [ to the note taker ] see here : what call have you to know about people what never offer to meddle with you ? liza . let he say what he like . I dont want to have no truck with he . the bystander . you take we for dirt under you foot , dont you ? catch you take liberty with a gentleman ! the sarcastic bystander . [ off the gentleman ] yes : tell he where he come from if you want to go fortune - tell . the note taker . cheltenham , harrow , Cambridge , and India . the gentleman . quite right . great laughter . reaction in the note taker 's favor . exclamation of he know all about it . told he proper . hear he tell the toff where he come from ? etc . liza [ resent the reaction ] hes no gentleman , he aint , to interfere with a poor girl . Long shot shew the whole portico crowded with shelterer . they all move off except liza , higgins , and picker , who be leave alone between two of the pillar as before . the sky brighten during the exodus and London be again bath in sunshine . back to close - up between the two central pillar , view from the market . the daughter [ out of patience , push she way rudely to the front and displace the gentleman , who politely retire to the other side of the pillar ] what on earth be freddy do ? I shall get pneumonia if I stay in this draught any longer . the note taker [ to himself , hastily make a note of she pronunciation of " monia " as " mownia " ] earl Court . the daughter [ violently ] will you please keep you impertinent remark to yourself ? the note taker . do I say that out loud ? I didnt mean to . I beg you pardon . you mother 's epsom , unmistakably . the mother [ advance between she daughter and the note taker ] how very curious ! I be bring up in largelady Park , near epsom . the note taker [ to the daughter ] you want a cab , do you ? the daughter . do dare speak to I . the mother . oh , please , please Clara . [ her daughter repudiate she with a angry shrug and retire haughtily .] we should be so grateful to you , sir , if you find we a cab . [ the note taker produce a whistle ] . oh , thank you . [ she join she daughter ] . the note taker blow a pierce blast . the sarcastic bystander . there ! I know he be a plain-clothes copper . the bystander . that aint a police whistle : thats a sport whistle . liza [ still preoccupy with she wounded feeling ] hes no right to take away my character . my character be the same to I as any lady 's . the note taker . I dont know whether youve notice it ; but the rain stop about two minute ago . the bystander . so it have . why didnt you say so before ? and we lose we time listen to you silliness . [ he walk off towards the strand ] . the mother . it 's quite fine now , Clara . we can walk to a motor bus . come . [ she gather she skirt above she ankle and hurry off towards the strand ] . the daughter . but the cab - - [ she mother be out of hearing ] . oh , how tiresome ! [ she follow angrily ] . all the rest have go except the note taker , the gentleman , and the flower girl , who sit arrange she basket , and still pity herself in murmur . liza . poor girl ! hard enough for she to live without be worrite and chivied . the gentleman [ return to he former place on the note taker 's leave ] how do you do it , if I may ask ? the note taker . simply phonetics . the science of speech . thats my profession : also my hobby . happy be the man who can make a live by he hobby ! y of u can spot a irishman or a yorkshireman by he brogue . I can place any man within six mile . I can place he within two mile in London . sometimes within two street . liza . ought to be ashamed of himself , unmanly coward ! the gentleman . but be there a live in that ? the note taker . oh yes . quite a fat one . this be a age of upstart who have to be teach to speak like lady and gentleman . now I can teach they -- liza . let he mind he own business and leave a poor girl -- the note taker [ explosively ] woman : cease this detestable boohoo instantly ; or else seek the shelter of some other place of worship . liza [ with feeble defiance ] ive a right to be here if I like , same as you . the note taker . a woman who utter such depress and disgusting sound have no right to be anywhere -- no right to live . remember that you be a human be with a soul and the divine gift of articulate speech : that you native language be the language of shakespear and milton and the Bible ; and dont sit there croon like a bilious pigeon . Close - up of liza . liza [ quite overwhelm , and look up at he in mingle wonder and deprecation without dare to raise she head ] ah-ah - ah-ow - ow - ow - oo ! the note taker [ whipping out he book ] heavens ! what a sound ! [ he write ; then hold out the book and read , reproduce she vowel exactly ] ah-ah - ah-ow-ow -ow - oo ! liza [ tickle by the performance , and laugh in spite of herself ] garn ! the note taker . you hear this creature with she kerbstone English : the English that will keep she in the gutter to the end of she day . well , sir , in three month I could pass that girl off as a duchess at a ambassador 's garden party . I could even get she a place as lady 's may or shop assistant , which require better English . liza . what 's that you say ? the note taker [ turn crushingly on she ] yes , you squash cabbage leaf , you disgrace to the noble architecture of this column , you incarnate insult to the English language : I could pass you off as the Queen of sheba . [ to the gentleman ] can you believe that ? the gentleman . of course I can . I be myself a student of indian dialect ; and -- the note taker [ eagerly ] be you ? do you know Colonel picker , the author of speak sanscrit ? the gentleman . I a m Colonel picker . who be you ? the note taker . Henry higgins , author of higgins 's universal alphabet . pickering [ with enthusiasm ] I come from India to meet you . higgins . I be go to India to meet you . pickering . where do you live ? higgins . 27a wimpole Street . come and see I tomorrow . pickering . I be at the carlton . come and dine with I . higgins . right you be . liza [ to picker , as he pass she ] buy a flower , kind gentleman . I be short for my lodging . pickering . I really havnt any change . I be sorry [ he go away ] . higgins [ shocked at girl 's mendacity ] liar . you say you could change half - a-crown . liza [ rise in desperation ] you ought to be stuff with nail , you ought . [ fling the basket at he foot ] take the whole bloom basket for sixpence . the church clock strike the second quarter . boy '' voice [ sing within the church : they be practice the 102nd psalm ] hear my prayer o Lord ; and let my cry come unto thee . hide not thy face from I in the day when I be in trouble , etc. , etc. , etc . higgins [ hearing in it the voice of God , rebuke he for he pharisaic want of charity to the poor girl ] a reminder . [ he raise he hat solemnly ; then throw a handful of money into the basket and follow picker ] . under the portico look out through the two pillar to the roadway with the market beyond ( the previous scene from the opposite end ) . liza [ pick up a half - crown ] ah-ow -ooh ! [ pick up a couple of florin ] aaah-ow -ooh ! [ pick up several coin ] aaaaaah - ow - ooh ! [ pick up a half - sovereign ] aaaaaaaaaaaah - ow - ooh !!! a taxi roll up and stop . freddy [ spring out of the cab ] hallo ! [ to the girl ] where be the two lady that be here ? liza . they walk to the bus when the rain stop . freddy . and leave I with a cab on my hand . damnation ! liza [ with grandeur ] never you mind , young man . I be go home in a taxi . [ she sail off to the cab . the driver put he hand behind he and hold the door firmly shut against she . quite understanding he mistrust , she shew he she handful of money . ] a taxi fare aint no object to I , Charlie . [ he grin and open the door ] . here . what about the basket ? the taximan . give it here . tuppence extra . liza . no . I do n’t want nobody to see it . [ she crush it into the cab and get in , continue the conversation through the window ] Goodbye , freddy . ] freddy [ dazedly raise he hat ] Goodbye . taximan . where to ? liza . bucknam pellis [ Buckingham Palace ] . taximan . what d’ye mean -- bucknam pellis ? liza . do you know where it be ? in the Green Park , where the King life . [ to freddy ] do let I keep you stand there . Goodbye . freddy . Goodbye . [ he go ] . taximan . here ? what 's all this about bucknam pellis ? what business have you at bucknam pellis ? liza . of course I avnt none . but I wasnt go to let he know that . you drive I home . taximan . and where home ? liza . angel Court , drury Lane , next meiklejohn 's oil shop . taximan . that sound more like it , Judy . [ he drive off ] . dissolve to : the entrance to angel Court , a narrow little archway between two shop , one of they meiklejohn 's oil shop . when it stop there , liza get out , drag she basket with she . liza . how much ? taximan [ indicate the taximeter ] cant you read ? a shilling . liza . a shilling for two minute !! taximan . two minute or ten : it 's all the same . liza . I dont call it right . taximan . ever be in a taxi before ? liza [ with dignity ] hundred and thousand of time , young man . taximan [ laugh at she ] good for you , Judy . keep the shilling , darling , with best love from all at home . good luck ! [ he drive off ] . liza [ humiliate ] impidence ! she pick up the basket and trudge up the alley through the archway . angel Court in perspective from under the archway . a typical little London alley . back view of liza wearily drag along with she basket . she disappear into a doorway . no dialogue . lizaus lodging . a small room with very old wall paper hang loose in the damp place . a break pane in the window be mend with paper . a portrait of a popular actor and a fashion plate of lady '' dress , all wildly beyond poor lizaus mean , both tear from newspaper , be pin up on the wall . a birdcage hang in the window ; but its tenant die long ago : it remain as a memorial only . this be the only visible luxury : the rest be the irreducible minimum of poverty 's need : a wretch bed heape with all sort of covering that have any warmth in they , a drape pack case with a basin and jug on it and a little look class over it , a chair and table , the refuse of some suburban kitchen , and a american alarm clock on a shelf above the unused fireplace . liza come in and dump she basket on the floor with a sigh of relief . she take off she shawl and spread it on the bed . she sit at the table and take handfuls of money from the pocket of she apron . she balance the silver in one hand , cover it with the other , and jingle it at she ear like a child rattle . Close - up of liza jingling the money at she ear . her habitual anxious poor womand expression change very gradually into a happy smile . this fade out into : Close - up of liza , still in she dirty make - up , wear she best hat , with three enormous ostrich feather . she look dreadfully ugly in it , but very self - satisfied . this fade out into : Close - up of liza in a coronet and diamond , like Queen alexandra , but with a expression of extreme hauteur . she be still ridiculous in she dirty make -up . this again fade out into : her bedroom again after nightfall . the candle be light ; and on the table be a big thick cup and a knife , the remain of she supper . ( she have treat herself to a cup of cocoa and a “doorstep” ) . the hat with the three feather be on the table . she be sit at the table . she sweep the crumb of the doorstep into she palm with the knife , and throw they into she mouth . she drink up the last of the cocoa . she rise and put the hat away carefully in the pack case . she take off she skirt and spread it on the bed . she take the candle from the chimney board and put it on the chair within reach of the bed . she sit on the bed and pull off she boot and stocking . she go to bed without any further change . she blow out the candle . the darkness fade into : next day at 11 a.m. higgins 's laboratory in wimpole Street . it be a room on the first floor , look on the street , and be mean for the draw - room . the double door be in the middle of the back wall ; and person enter find in the corner to they right two tall file cabinet at right angle to one another against the wall . in this corner stand a flat write - table , on which be a phonograph , a laryngoscope , a row of tiny organ pipe with a bellow , a set of lamp chimney for sing flame with burner attach to a gas plug in the wall by a indiarubber tube , several tuning - fork of different size , a life-size image of half a human head , show in section the vocal organ , and a box contain a supply of wax cylinder for the phonograph . further down the room , on the same side , be a fireplace , with a comfortable leather - cover easy - chair at the side of the hearth nearest the door , and a coal-scuttle . there be a clock on the mantelpiece . between the fireplace and the phonograph table be a stand for newspaper . on the other side of the central door , to the leave of the visitor , be a cabinet of shallow drawer . on it be a telephone and the telephone directory . the corner beyond , and most of the side wall , be occupy by a grand piano , with the keyboard at the end furthest from the door , and a bench for the player extend the full length of the keyboard . on the piano be a dessert dish heape with fruit and sweet , mostly chocolate . the middle of the room be clear . besides the easy - chair , the piano bench , and two chair at the phonograph table , there be one stray chair . it stand near the fireplace . on the wall , engravings ; mostly piranesis and mezzotint portrait . no painting . picker be seat at the table , put down some card and a tuning - fork which he have be use . higgins be stand up near he , close two or three file drawer which be hang out . he appear in the morning light as a robust , vital , appetizing sort of man of forty or thereabout , dress in a professional - look black frock - coat with a white linen collar and black silk tie . he be of the energetic , scientific type , heartily , even violently interested in everything that can be study as a scientific subject , and careless about himself and other people , include they feeling . he be , in fact , but for he year and size , rather like a very impetuous baby " take notice " eagerly and loudly , and require almost as much watch to keep he out of unintend mischief . his manner vary from genial bully when he be in a good humor to stormy petulance when anything go wrong ; but he be so entirely frank and void of malice that he remain likeable even in he least reasonable moment . higgins [ as he shut the last drawer ] well , I think thats the whole show . pickering . it 's really amazing . I havnt take half of it in , you know . higgins . would you like to go over any of it again ? pickering [ rise and come to the fireplace , where he plant himself with he back to the fire ] no , thank you ; not now . I be quite do up for this morning . higgins go over to the piano and eat candy . Mrs. pearce , he housekeeper , come in . she be middleage , and very respectable and dignify . higgins . what the matter ? mrs . pearce [ hesitate , evidently perplex ] a young woman want to see you , sir . higgins . a young woman ! what do she want ? mrs . pearce . well , sir , she say youll be glad to see she when you know what shes come about . shes quite a common girl , sir . very common indeed . I should have send she away , only I think perhaps you want she to talk into you machine . higgins [ to picker ] let have she up . shew she up , Mrs. pearce [ he rush across to he work table and pick out a cylinder to use on the phonograph ] . mrs . pearce [ only half resign to it ] very well , sir . it 's for you to say . [ she go downstairs ] . higgins . this be rather a bit of luck . I will shew you how I make record . we will set she talk ; and I will take it down first in Bell 's visible speech ; then in broad romic ; and then we will get she on the phonograph so that you can turn she on as often as you like with the write transcript before you . mrs . pearce [ return ] this be the young woman , sir . liza enter in state . she have a hat with three ostrich feather , orange , sky - blue , and red . she have a nearly clean apron , and the shoddy coat have be tidy a little . the pathos of this deplorable figure , with its innocent vanity and consequential air , touch picker , who have already straighten himself in the presence of Mrs. pearce . but as to higgins , the only distinction he make between man and woman be that when he be neither bully nor exclaim to the heaven against some featherweight cross , he coax woman as a child coax its nurse when it want to get anything out of she . higgins [ brusquely , recognize she with unconceal disappointment , and at once , babylike , make a intolerable grievance of it ] why , this be the girl I jotted down yesterday when I be shelter from the rain . [ to the girl ] be off with you : I dont want you . liza . do you be so saucy . you aint hear what I come for yet . [ to Mrs. pearce , who be wait at the door for further instruction ] do you tell he I come in a taxi ? mrs . pearce . nonsense , girl ! what do you think a gentleman like Mr. higgins care what you come in ? liza . oh , we a be e proud ! he aint above give lesson , not he : I hear he say so . well , I aint come here to ask for any compliment ; and if my money 's not good enough I can go elsewhere . higgins . picker : shall we ask this baggage to sit down or shall we throw she out of the window ? liza [ run away in terror to the piano , where she turn at bay ] ah-ah - ah-ow -ow -ow - oo ! [ wound and whimper ] I wont be call a baggage when ive offer to pay like any lady . motionless , the two man stare at she from the other side of the room , amaze . pickering [ gently ] what be it you want , my girl ? liza . I want to be a lady in a flower shop . but they wont take I unless I can talk more genteel . he say he could teach I . well , here I be ready to pay he -- not ask any favor -- and he treat I zif I be dirt . higgins [ thunder at she ] sit down . mrs . pearce [ severely ] sit down , girl . do as your tell . [ she place the stray chair near the hearthrug between higgins and picker , and stand behind it wait for the girl to sit down ] . the flower girl . ah- ah - ah-ow-ow - oo ! [ she stand , half rebellious , half bewilder ] . pickering [ very courteous ] wont you sit down ? [ he place the stray chair near the hearthrug between himself and higgins ] . liza [ coyly ] do mind if I do . [ she sit down . picker return to the hearthrug ] . higgins . what you name ? liza . liza doolittle . higgins [ declaim gravely ] eliza , Elizabeth , betsy and bess , they go to the wood to get a bird ne ' : pickering . they find a nest with four egg in it : higgins . they take one apiece , and leave three in it . they laugh heartily at they own fun . pickering . higgins : I be interested . what about the ambassador 's garden party ? I will say your the great teacher alive if you make that good . I will bet you all the expense of the experiment you cant do it . and I will pay for the lesson . liza . oh , you be real good . thank you , Captain . higgins [ tempt , look at she ] it 's almost irresistible . shes so deliciously low -- so horribly dirty -- liza [ protest extremely ] ah-ah - ah- ah-ow-ow-oo-oo !!! I aint dirty : I wash my face and hand afore I come , I do . higgins . you do n’t know what wash mean . never mind . [ become excited as the idea grow on he ] I shall make a duchess of this draggle - tail guttersnipe . liza [ strongly deprecate this view of she ] ah-ah - ah-ow-ow -oo ! higgins [ carry away ] yes : in six month -- in three if she have a good ear and a quick tongue -- I will take she anywhere and pass she off as anything . we will start today : now ! this moment ! take she away and clean she , Mrs. pearce . be there a good fire in the kitchen ? mrs . pearce [ protest ] . yes ; but '' higgins [ storming on ] take all she clothes off and burn they . Ring up whitely or somebody for new one . wrap she up in brown paper till they come . liza . youre no gentleman , your not , to talk of such thing . I be a good girl , I be ; and I know what the like of you be , I do . higgins . we want none of you slum prudery here , young woman . youve get to learn to behave like a duchess . take she away , Mrs. pearce . if she give you any trouble , wallop she . liza [ rise and squaring herself determinedly ] I be go away . he 's off he chump , he be . I dont want no balmy teach I . higgins [ wounded in he tenderest point by she insensibility to he elocution ] oh , indeed ! I be mad , be I ? very well , Mrs. pearce : you neednt order the new clothes for she . throw she out . liza [ whimper ] Nah -ow . you get no right to touch I . mrs . pearce . you see now what come of be saucy . [ indicating the door ] this way , please . liza [ almost in tear ] I didnt want no clothes . I wouldnt have take they . higgins [ intercept she on she reluctant way to the door ] youre a ungrateful wick girl . this be my return for offer to take you out of the gutter and dress you beautifully and make a lady of you . mrs . pearce . stop , Mr. higgins . I wont allow it . it 's you that be wick . go home to you parent , girl ; and tell they to take better care of you . liza . I aint get no parent . they tell I I be big enough to earn my own live and turn I out . mrs . pearce . where you mother ? liza . I aint get no mother . her that turn I out be my sixth stepmother . but I do without they . and I be a good girl , I be . higgins . very well , then , what on earth be all this fuss about ? the girl doesnt belong to anybody -- be no use to anybody but I . [ he go to Mrs. pearce and begin coax ] . you can adopt she , Mrs. pearce : I be sure a daughter would be a great amusement to you . now dont make any more fuss . take she downstairs ; and -- mrs . pearce . but what to become of she ? be she to be pay anything ? do be sensible , sir . higgins . oh , pay she whatever be necessary : put it down in the housekeep book . [ impatiently ] what on earth will she want with money ? she will have she food and she clothes . she will only drink if you give she money . liza [ turn on he ] oh you a be e a brute . it 's a lie : nobody ever see the sign of liquor on I . pickering [ in good-humored remonstrance ] do it occur to you , higgins , that the girl have some feeling ? higgins [ look critically at she ] oh no , I dont think so . not any feeling that we need bother about . [ cheerily ] have you , eliza ? liza . I get my feeling same as anyone else . higgins [ to picker , reflectively ] you see the difficulty ? pickering . eh ? what difficulty ? higgins . to get she to talk grammar . the mere pronunciation be easy enough . liza . I dont want to talk grammar . I want to talk like a lady in a flower shop . mrs . pearce . will you please keep to the point , Mr. higgins . I want to know on what term the girl be to be here . be she to have any wage ? and what be to become of she when youve finish you teach ? you must look ahead a little . higgins [ impatiently ] what to become of she if I leave she in the gutter ? tell I that , Mrs. pearce . mrs . pearce . thats she own business , not yours , Mr. higgins . higgins . well , when ive do with she , we can throw she back into the gutter ; and then it will be she own business again ; so thats all right . liza . oh , youve no feel heart in you : you dont care for nothing but yourself [ she rise and take the floor resolutely ] . here ! ive have enough of this . I be go [ make for the door ] . you ought to be ashamed of yourself , you ought . higgins [ snatching a chocolate cream from the piano , he eye suddenly beginning to twinkle with mischief ] have some chocolate , eliza . liza [ halting , tempt ] how do I know what might be in they ? ive hear of girl be drugge by the like of you . higgins whip out he penknife ; cut a chocolate in two ; put one half into he mouth and bolt it ; and offer she the other half . higgins . pledge of good faith , eliza . I eat one half : you eat the other . [ liza open she mouth to retort : he pop the half chocolate into it ] . you shall have box of they , barrel of they , every day . you shall live on they . eh ? liza [ who have dispose of the chocolate after be nearly choke by it ] I wouldnt have eat it , only I be too ladylike to take it out of my mouth . higgins . listen , eliza . I think you say you come in a taxi . liza . well , what if I do ? ive as good a right to take a taxi as anyone else . higgins . you have , eliza ; and in future you shall have as many taxi as you want . you shall go up and down and round the town in a taxi every day . think of that , eliza . mrs . pearce . Mr. higgins : your tempting the girl . it 's not right . she should think of the future . higgins . at she age ! nonsense ! time enough to think of the future when you havnt any future to think of . no , eliza : do as this lady do : think of other people 's future ; but never think of you own . think of chocolate , and taxi , and gold , and diamond . liza . no : I dont want no gold and no diamond . I be a good girl , I be . higgins . you shall remain so , eliza , under the care of Mrs. pearce . and you shall marry a officer in the Guards , with a beautiful moustache : the son of a marquis , who will disinherit he for marrying you , but will relent when he see you beauty and goodness -- pickering . Excuse I , higgins ; but I really must interfere . Mrs. pearce be quite right . if this girl be to put herself in you hand for six month for a experiment in teach , she must understand thoroughly what shes do . higgins . how can she ? shes incapable of understanding anything . besides , do any of we understand what we be do ? if we do , would we ever do it ? pickering . very clever , higgins ; but not sound sense . [ to eliza ] miss doolittle -- liza [ overwhelm ] ah-ah-ow-oo ! higgins . there ! thats all you get out of eliza . ah-ah-ow - oo ! no use explain . as a military man you ought to know that . give she she order : thats enough for she . eliza : you be to live here for the next six month , learn how to speak beautifully , like a lady in a florist 's shop . if your good and do whatever your tell , you shall sleep in a proper bedroom , and have lot to eat , and money to buy chocolate and take ride in taxi . if your naughty and idle you will sleep in the back kitchen among the black beetle , and be wallop by Mrs. pearce with a broomstick . at the end of six month you shall go to Buckingham Palace in a carriage , beautifully dress . if the King find out your not a lady , you will be take by the police to the Tower of London , where you head will be cut off as a warning to other presumptuous flower girl . if you be not find out , you shall have a present of seven- and - sixpence to start life with as a lady in a shop . if you refuse this offer you will be a most ungrateful and wick girl ; and the angel will weep for you . [ to picker ] now be you satisfied , picker ? [ to Mrs. pearce ] can I put it more plainly and fairly , Mrs. pearce ? mrs . pearce [ patiently ] I think youd better let I speak to the girl properly in private . I dont know that I can take charge of she or consent to the arrangement at all . of course I know you dont mean she any harm ; but when you get what you call interested in people 's accent , you never think or care what may happen to they or you . come with I , eliza . higgins . thats all right . thank you , Mrs. pearce . bundle she off to the bath-room . liza [ rise reluctantly and suspiciously ] youre a great bully , you be . I wont stay here if I dont like . I wont let nobody wallop I . I never ask to go to bucknam pellis , I didnt . I be never in trouble with the police , not I . I be a good girl -- mrs . pearce . do answer back , girl . you dont understand the gentleman . come with I . [ she lead the way to the door , and hold it open for eliza ] . liza [ as she go out ] well , what I say be right . I wont go near the king , not if I be go to have my head cut off . if I would know what I be let myself in for , I wouldnt have come here . I always be a good girl ; and I never offer to say a word to he ; and I dont owe he nothing ; and I dont care ; and I wont be put upon ; and I have my feeling the same as anyone else -- Mrs. pearce shut the door ; and eliza 's plaint be no longer audible . cut to : liza and Mrs. pearce on the stair , Mrs pearce lead the way upstairs . liza be still grumble the last three or four line of she speech : I always be a good girl , etc. , etc . the landing above . two door . mrs . pearce [ open one of the door . ] I will have to put you here . this will be you bedroom . [ they go in ] . Inside the room , a good servant’s bedroom , light , clean , and cheerful . the two woman enter . liza . o- oh , I couldnt sleep here , missus . it 's too good for the like of I . I should be afraid to touch anything . I aint a duchess yet , you know . mrs . pearce . you have get to make yourself as clean as the room : then you wont be afraid of it . [ she go to another door ] . and you must call I Mrs pearce , not missus . [ she go through it , liza follow ] . a bathroom with a couple of bath gowns hang up . Mrs. pearce come in , follow by liza . liza . gawd ! what this ? be this where you wash clothes ? funny sort of copper I call it . mrs . pearce . it be not a copper . this be where we wash ourselves , eliza , and where I be go to wash you . liza . you expect I to get into that and wet myself all over ! not I . I should catch my death . I know a woman do it every Saturday night ; and she die of it . mrs . pearce . Mr higgins have the gentlemend bathroom downstairs ; and he have a bath every morning , in cold water . liza . ugh ! hes make of iron that man . mrs . pearce . if you be to sit with he and the Colonel and be teach you will have to do the same . they wont like the smell of you if you dont . but you can have the water as hot as you like . there be two tap : hot and cold . liza [ weep ] I couldnt . I dursnt . its not natural : it would kill I . ive never have a bath in my life : not what youd call a proper one . mrs . pearce . well , dont you want to be clean and sweet and decent , like a lady ? you know you cant be a nice girl inside if your a dirty slut outside . liza . boohoo !!!! mrs . pearce . now stop cry and go back into you room and take off all you clothes . then wrap yourself in this [ take down a gown from its peg and hand it to she ] and come back to I . I will get the bath ready . liza [ all tear ] I cant . I wont . I ’m not use to it . ive never take off all my clothes before . its not right : its not decent . mrs . pearce . nonsense , child . do you take off all you clothes every night when you go to bed ? liza [ amaze ] no . why should I ? I should catch my death . of course I take off my skirt . mrs . pearce . do you mean that you sleep in the underclothes you wear in the daytime ? liza . what else have I to sleep in ? mrs . pearce . you will never do that again as long as you live here . I will get you a proper nightdress . liza . do you mean change into cold thing and lie awake shiver half the night ? you want to kill I , you do . mrs . pearce . I want to change you from a frowzy slut to a clean respectable girl fit to sit with the gentleman in the study . be you go to trust I and do what I tell you or be throw out and send back to you flower basket ? liza . but you dont know what the cold be to I . you dont know how I dread it . mrs . pearce . you bed wont be cold here : I will put a hot water bottle in it . [ push she into the bedroom ] off with you and undress . liza . oh , if only I ’d a know what a dreadful thing it be to be clean i’d never have come . I didnt know when I be well off . I - - [ Mrs pearce push she through the door , but leave it partly open lest she she prisoner should take to flight ] . Mrs pearce put on a pair of white rubber sleeve , and fill the bath , mixing hot and cold and testing the result with the bath thermometer . she perfume it with a handful of bath salt and add a palmful of mustard . she then take a formidable look long handle scrubbing brush and soap it profusely with a ball of scent soap . liza come back with nothing on but the bath gown huddle tightly round she , a piteous spectacle of abject terror . mrs . pearce . now come along . take that thing off . liza . oh I couldnt , Mrs pearce : I reely couldnt . I never do such a thing . mrs . pearce . nonsense . here : step in and tell I whether it 's hot enough for you . liza . ah- oo ! ah-oo ! it 's too hot . mrs . pearce [ deftly snatching the gown away and throw liza down on she back ] it wont hurt you . [ she set to work with the scrubbing brush ] . lizaus scream be heartrend . the shot fade out in a tempest of yell from liza and a vigorous lather by Mrs pearce . fade in : the laboratory as before . higgins and picker seat read . Mrs pearce , with she rubber sleeve still on , enter with japanese clothes hang on she arm . higgins . oh ! that you , Mrs. pearce ? what the devil have be go on upstairs ? somebody be scream the house down . mrs . pearce . that 's all right , sir . it will n’t occur again . might she use some of that japanese dress you bring from abroad ? shes perfectly clean now . I really cant put she back into she old thing . its only until the new clothes come . higgins . certainly . anything you like . be that all ? mrs . pearce . no , sir , I ’m sorry to have to tell you that the trouble 's beginning already . theres a dustman downstairs , Alfred doolittle , want to see you . he say you have he daughter here . pickering . phew ! I say ! higgins . send the blackguard up . mrs . pearce . do give she up to he , sir . I dont like he look . i’ll take care of the girl , sir . Mrs pearce go out . pickering . he may not be a blackguard , higgins . higgins . nonsense . of course heus a blackguard . pickering . whether he be or not , I be afraid we shall have some trouble with he . higgins [ confidently ] oh no : I think not . if there any trouble he shall have it with I , not I with he . Alfred doolittle be a elderly but vigorous dustman , clad in the costume of he profession , include a hat with a back brim cover he neck and shoulder . he have well mark and rather interesting feature , and seem equally free from fear and conscience . he have a remarkably expressive voice , the result of a habit of give vent to he feeling without reserve . his present pose be that of wounded honor and stern resolution . doolittle [ at the door , uncertain which of the two gentleman be he man ] Professor iggins ? higgins . here . good morning . sit down . doolittle . Morning , Governor . [ he sit down magisterially ] I come about a very serious matter , Governor . higgins [ to picker ] bring up in hounslow . mother welsh , I should think . [ doolittle open he mouth , amaze . higgins continue ] what do you want , doolittle ? doolittle [ menacingly ] I want my daughter : thats what I want . see ? higgins . of course you do . youre she father , arnt you ? you dont suppose anyone else want she , do you ? I be glad to see you have some spark of family feel leave . shes upstairs . take she away at once . doolittle [ rise , fearfully take aback . ] what ! higgins . take she away . do you suppose I be go to keep you daughter for you ? doolittle [ remonstrate ] now , now , look here , Governor . be this reasonable ? be it fairity to take advantage of a man like this ? the girl belong to I . you get she . where do I come in ? [ he sit down again ] . higgins . you daughter have the audacity to come to my house and ask I to teach she how to speak properly so that she could get a place in a flower - shop . this gentleman and my housekeeper have be here all the time . [ bully he ] how dare you come here and attempt to blackmail I ? you send she here on purpose . doolittle [ protest ] no , Governor . higgins . you must have . how else could you possibly know that she be here ? doolittle . do take a man up like that , Governor . higgins . the police shall take you up . this be a plant -- a plot to extort money by threat . I shall telephone for the police [ he go resolutely to the telephone and open the directory ] . doolittle . have I ask you for a brass farthing ? I leave it to the gentleman here : have I say a word about money ? higgins [ throw the book aside and march down on doolittle with a poser ] what else do you come for ? doolittle [ sweetly ] well , what with of u l d a man come for ? be human , Governor . higgins . so you come to rescue she from worse than death , eh ? doolittle [ appreciatively : relieved at be so well understand ] just so , Governor . thats right . higgins . well : take she away . doolittle . have I say a word about take she away ? have I now ? higgins [ determinedly ] youre go to take she away , double quick . [ he cross to the hearth and ring the bell ] . doolittle [ rise ] no , Governor . do say that . I be not the man to stand in my girl 's light . here a career open for she , as you might say ; and -- Mrs. pearce open the door and await order . higgins . Mrs. pearce : this be eliza 's father . he have come to take she away . give she to he . [ he go back to the piano , with a air of wash he hand of the whole affair ] . doolittle . no . this be a misunderstanding . listen here -- mrs . pearce . he cant take she away , Mr. higgins : how can he ? you tell I to burn she clothes . doolittle . thats right . I cant carry the girl through the street like a bloom monkey , can I ? I put it to you . higgins . you have put it to I that you want you daughter . take you daughter . if she have no clothes go out and buy she some . doolittle [ desperate ] where the clothes she come in ? do I burn they or do you missus here ? mrs . pearce . I be the housekeeper , if you please . I have send for some clothes for you girl . when they come you can take she away . you can wait in the kitchen . this way , please . doolittle , much troubled , accompany she to the door ; then hesitates ; finally turn confidentially to higgins . doolittle . listen here , Governor . you and I be man of the world , aint we ? higgins . oh ! Men of the world , be we ? youd better go , Mrs. pearce . mrs. pearce . I think so , indeed , sir . [ she go , with dignity ] . pickering . the floor be yours , Mr. doolittle . doolittle [ to picker ] I thank you , Governor . [ to higgins , who take refuge on the piano bench , a little overwhelm by the proximity of he visitor ; for doolittle have a professional flavor of dust about he ] . well , the truth be , ive take a sort of fancy to you , Governor ; and if you want the girl , I be not so set on have she back home again but what I might be open to a arrangement . regarded in the light of a young woman , shes a fine handsome girl . as a daughter shes not worth she keep ; and so I tell you straight . all I ask be my rights as a father ; and your the last man alive to expect I to let she go for nothing ; for I can see your one of the straight sort , Governor . well , what a five pound note to you ? and what eliza to I ? [ he return to he chair and sit down judicially ] . pickering . I think you ought to know , doolittle , that Mr. higgins 's intention be entirely honorable . doolittle . course they be , Governor . if I think they wasnt , id ask fifty . higgins [ revolt ] do you mean to say that you would sell you daughter for £ 50 ? doolittle . not in a general way I wouldnt ; but to oblige a gentleman like you I would do do a good deal , I do assure you . pickering . have you no moral , man ? doolittle [ unabash ] cant afford they , Governor . neither could you if you be as poor as I . not that I mean any harm , you know . but if liza be go to have a bit out of this , why not I too ? higgins [ troubled ] I dont know what to do , picker . there can be no question that as a matter of moral it 's a positive crime to give this chap a farthing . and yet I feel a sort of rough justice in he claim . doolittle , thats it , Governor . thats all I say . a father 's heart , as it be . pickering . well , I know the feel ; but really it seem hardly right -- doolittle . do say that , Governor . do look at it that way . what be I , governor both ? I ask you , what be I ? I be one of the undeserve poor : thats what I be . think of what that mean to a man . it mean that hes up agen middle class morality all the time . if there anything go , and I put in for a bit of it , it 's always the same story : " youre undeserve ; so you cant have it . " but my need be as great as the most deserve widow 's that ever get money out of six different charity in one week for the death of the same husband . I dont need less than a deserve man : I need more . I dont eat less hearty than he ; and I drink a lot more . I want a bit of amusement , cause I be a think man . I want cheerfulness and a song and a band when I feel low . well , they charge I just the same for everything as they charge the deserve . what be middle class morality ? just a excuse for never give I anything . therefore , I ask you , as two gentleman , not to play that game on I . I be play straight with you . I aint pretend to be deserve . I be undeserve ; and I mean to go on be undeserve . I like it ; and thats the truth . will you take advantage of a man 's nature to do he out of the price of he own daughter what hes bring up and feed and clothed by the sweat of he brow until shes grow big enough to be interesting to you two gentleman ? be five pound unreasonable ? I put it to you ; and I leave it to you . higgins . picker : shall I give he a fiver ? pickering . he will make a bad use of it , I be afraid . doolittle . not I , Governor , so help I I wont . do you be afraid that I will save it and spare it and live idle on it . there wont be a penny of it leave by Monday : I will have to go to work same as if I would never have it . it wont pauperize I , you bet . just one good spree for myself and the missus , give pleasure to ourselves and employment to other , and satisfaction to you to think it 's not be throw away . you couldnt spend it better . higgins [ take out he pocket book and come between doolittle and the piano ] this be irresistible . let give he ten . [ he offer two note to the dustman ] . doolittle . no , Governor . she wouldnt have the heart to spend ten ; and perhaps I shouldnt neither . ten pound be a lot of money : it make a man feel prudent like ; and then goodbye to happiness . you give I what I ask you , Governor : not a penny more , and not a penny less . higgins . [ to doolittle ] five pound I think you say . doolittle . thank you kindly , Governor . higgins . youre sure you wont take ten ? doolittle . not now . another time , Governor . higgins [ hand he a five - pound note ] here you be . doolittle . thank you , Governor . good morning . [ he hurry to the door , anxious to get away with he booty . when he open it he be confront with a dainty and exquisitely clean young japanese lady in a simple blue cotton kimono print cunningly with small white jasmine blossom . Mrs. pearce be with she . he get out of she way deferentially and apologize ] . beg pardon , miss . the japanese lady . garn ! do you know you own daughter ? doolittle , higgins & picker exclaim simultaneously : doolittle . bly I ! it 's eliza ! higgins . what that ! this ! pickering . by jove ! doolittle [ with fatherly pride ] well , I never think she would clean up as good look as that , Governor . shes a credit to I , aint she ? and she will soon pick up you free - and - easy way . liza . I be a good girl , I be ; and I wont pick up no free and easy way . higgins . eliza : if you say again that your a good girl , you father shall take you home . liza . not he . you dont know my father . all he come here for be to touch you for some money to get drunk on . doolittle . well , what else would I want money for ? to put into the plate in church , I suppose . [ she put out she tongue at he . he be so incense by this that picker presently find it necessary to step between they ] . do you give I none of you lip ; and dont let I hear you give this gentleman any of it neither , or youll hear from I about it . see ? higgins . have you any further advice to give she before you go , doolittle ? you bless , for instance . doolittle . no , Governor : I aint such a mug as to put up my child to all I know myself . hard enough to hold they in without that . if you want eliza 's mind improve , Governor , you do it yourself with a strap . so long , gentleman . [ he turn to go ] . higgins [ impressively ] stop . youll come regularly to see you daughter . it 's you duty , you know . my brother be a clergyman ; and he could help you in you talk with she . doolittle [ evasively ] certainly . I will come , Governor . not just this week , because I have a job at a distance . but later on you may depend on I . afternoon , gentleman . afternoon , maam . [ he take off he hat to Mrs. pearce , who disdain the salutation and go out . he wink at higgins , think he probably a fellow - sufferer from Mrs. pearce 's difficult disposition , and follow she ] . liza . do you believe the old liar . he would as soon you set a bull - dog on he as a clergyman . you wont see he again in a hurry . higgins . I dont want to , eliza . do you ? liza . not I . I dont want never to see he again , I dont . aint you go to call I miss doolittle any more ? pickering . I beg you pardon , miss doolittle . it be a slip of the tongue . liza . oh , I dont mind ; only it sound so genteel . I should just like to take a taxi to the corner of tottenham Court Road and get out there and tell it to wait for I , just to put the girl in they place a bit . I wouldnt speak to they , you know . pickering . better wait till we get you something really fashionable . higgins . besides , you shouldnt cut you old friend now that you have rise in the world . thats what we call snobbery . liza . you dont call the like of they my friend now , I should hope . theyve take it out of I often enough with they ridicule when they have the chance ; and now I mean to get a bit of my own back . but if I be to have fashionable clothes , I will wait . mrs . pearce [ come back ] now , eliza . the new thing have come for you to try on . liza . ah-ow-oo-ooh ! [ she rush out ] . mrs . pearce [ follow she ] oh , dont rush about like that , girl [ she shut the door behind she ] . higgins . picker : we have take on a stiff job . pickering [ with conviction ] higgins : we have . dissolve to : the study the follow day . liza , in she new clothes , and feel she inside out of step by a lunch , dinner , and breakfast of a kind to which it be unaccustom , be seat with higgins and the Colonel , feel like a hospital out - patient at a first encounter with the doctor . higgins , constitutionally unable to sit still , discompose she still more by stride restlessly about . but for the reassure presence and quietude of she friend the Colonel she would run for she life , even back to drury Lane . higgins . say you alphabet . liza . I know my alphabet . do you think I know nothing ? I dont need to be teach like a child . higgins [ thunder ] say you alphabet . pickering . say it , miss doolittle . you will understand presently . do what he tell you ; and let he teach you in he own way . liza . oh well , if you put it like that -- ahyee , beyee , ceyee , deyee -- higgins [ with the roar of a wounded lion ] stop. listen to this , picker . this be what we pay for as elementary education . this unfortunate animal have be lock up for nine year in school at we expense to teach she to speak and read the language of shakespear and milton . and the result be ahyee , beyee , ceyee , deyee . [ to eliza ] say a , B , C , D . liza [ almost in tear ] but I ’m say it . ahyee , beyee , ceyee -- higgins . stop . say a cup of tea . liza . a cappete-ee . higgins . put you tongue forward until it squeeze against the top of you lower tooth . now say cup . liza . c-c-c -- I cant . C - Cup . pickering . good. splendid , miss doolittle . higgins . by Jupiter , sheus do it at the first shot . picker : we shall make a duchess of she . [ to liza ] now do you think you could possibly say tea ? not te- yee , mind : if you ever say beyee , ceyee , deyee again you shall be drag around the room three time by the hair of you head . [ fortissimo ] T , T , T , T . liza [ weep ] I cant hear no difference cep that it sound more genteel - like when you say it . higgins . well , if you can hear that difference , what the devil be you cry for ? picker : give she a chocolate . pickering . no , no . never mind cry a little , miss doolittle : you be do very well ; and the lesson wont hurt . I promise you I wont let he drag you round the room by you hair . higgins . be off with you to Mrs pearce and tell she about it . think about it . try to do it by yourself : and keep you tongue well forward in you mouth instead of try to roll it up and swallow it . another lesson at half - past four this afternoon . away with you . liza , still sobbing , rush from the room . dissolve to : Mrs. higgins 's draw - room , in a flat on chelsea embankment . the room have three window look on the river ; and the ceiling be not so lofty as it would be in a older house of the same pretension . the window be open , give access to a balcony with flower in pot . if you stand with you face to the window , you have the fireplace on you leave and the door in the right -hand wall close to the corner nearest the window . Mrs. higgins be bring up on Morris and burne Jones ; and she room , which be very unlike she son 's room in wimpole Street , be not crowded with furniture and little table and nicknack . in the middle of the room there be a big ottoman ; and this , with the carpet , the Morris wall - papers , and the Morris chintz window curtain and brocade cover of the ottoman and its cushion , supply all the ornament , and be much too handsome to be hide by odd and end of useless thing . a few good oil - painting from the exhibition in the grosvenor Gallery thirty year ago ( the burne Jones , not the whistler side of they ) be on the wall . the only landscape be a cecil lawson on the scale of a ruben . there be a portrait of Mrs. higgins as she be when she defy fashion in she youth in one of the beautiful rossettian costume which , when caricature by people who do not understand , lead to the absurdity of popular estheticism in the eighteen -seventy . in the corner diagonally opposite the door Mrs. higgins , now over sixty and long past take the trouble to dress out of the fashion , sit write at a elegantly simple write - table with a bell button within reach of she hand . there be a chippendale chair further back in the room between she and the window nearest she side . at the other side of the room , further forward , be a elizabethan chair roughly carve in the taste of inigo Jones . on the same side a piano in a decorate case . the corner between the fireplace and the window be occupy by a divan cushion in Morris chintz . it be between four and five in the afternoon . the door be open violently ; and higgins enter . mrs . higgins [ dismay ] Henry [ scolding he ] ! what be you do here to -day ? it be my at - home day : you promise not to come . higgins . ive pick up a girl . mrs . higgins . do that mean that some girl have pick you up ? higgins . not at all . I dont mean a love affair . [ he sit on the settee ] . mrs . higgins . what a pity ! higgins . why ? mrs . higgins . well , you never fall in love with anyone under forty - five . when will you discover that there be some rather nice - look young woman about ? higgins . oh , I cant be bother with young woman . my idea of a lovable woman be something as like you as possible . I shall never get into the way of seriously like young woman : some habit lie too deep to be change . [ rising abruptly and walk about , jingling he money and he key in he trouser pocket ] besides , theyre all idiot . mrs . higgins . do you know what you would do if you really love I , Henry ? higgins . oh bother ! what ? marry , I suppose ? mrs . higgins . no . stop fidget and take you hand out of you pocket . [ with a gesture of despair , he obey and sit down again ] . thats a good boy . now tell I about the girl . higgins . she come to see you . mrs . higgins . I dont remember ask she . higgins . you didnt . I ask she . if youd know she you wouldnt have ask she . mrs . higgins . indeed ! why ? higgins . well , it 's like this . shes a common flower girl . I pick she off the kerbstone . mrs . higgins . and invite she to my at-home ! higgins [ rise and come to she to coax she ] oh , thatll be all right . ive teach she to speak properly ; and she have strict order as to she behavior . shes to keep to two subject : the weather and everybody 's health '' Fine day and how do you do , you know—and not to let herself go on thing in general . that will be safe . mrs . higgins . safe ! to talk about we health ! about we inside ! perhaps about we outside ! how could you be so silly , Henry ? higgins [ impatiently ] well , she must talk about something . [ he control himself and sit down again ] . oh , she will be all right : dont you fuss . picker be in it with I . ive a sort of bet on that I will pass she off as a duchess in six month . I start on she some month ago ; and shes get on like a house on fire . I shall win my bet . she have a quick ear ; and shes be easier to teach than my middle - class pupil because shes have to learn a complete new language . she talk English almost as you talk french . mrs . higgins . thats satisfactory , at all event . higgins . well , it be and it isnt . mrs . higgins . what do that mean ? higgins . you see , ive get she pronunciation all right ; but you have to consider not only h of with a girl pronounce , but with h a t she pronounce ; and thats where -- they be interrupt by the parlor-maid , announce guest . the parlor-maid . Mrs. and miss eynsford Hill . [ she withdraw ] . higgins . oh Lord ! [ he rise ; snatch he hat from the table ; and make for the door ; but before he reach it he mother introduce he ] . Mrs. and miss eynsford Hill be the mother and daughter who shelter from the rain in covent Garden . the mother be well breed , quiet , and have the habitual anxiety of straitened mean . the daughter have acquire a gay air of be very much at home in society : the bravado of genteel poverty . mrs . eynsford hill [ to Mrs. higgins ] how do you do ? [ they shake hand ] . miss eynsford hill . how d' you do ? [ she shake ] . mrs . higgins [ introduce ] my son Henry . mrs . eynsford hill . you celebrate son ! I have so long to meet you , Professor higgins . higgins [ glumly , make no movement in she direction ] delighted . [ he back against the piano and bow brusquely ] . miss eynsford hill [ go to he with confident familiarity ] how do you do ? higgins [ stare at she ] ive see you before somewhere . I havnt the ghost of a notion where ; but ive hear you voice . [ drearily ] it doesnt matter . youd better sit down . mrs . higgins . I be sorry to say that my celebrate son have no manners . you mustnt mind he . miss eynsford hill [ gaily ] I dont . [ she sit in the elizabethan chair ] . mrs eynsford hill [ a little bewilder ] not at all . [ she sit on the ottoman between she daughter and Mrs. higgins , who have turn she chair away from the write - table ] . higgins . oh , have I be rude ? I didnt mean to be . he go to the central window , through which , with he back to the company , he contemplate the river and the flower in battersea Park on the opposite bank as if they be a freeze desert . the parlor-maid return , ushere in picker . the parlor-maid . Colonel picker [ she withdraw ] . pickering . how do you do , Mrs. higgins ? mrs . higgins . so glad youve come . do you know Mrs. eynsford hill— miss eynsford Hill ? [ Exchange of bow . the Colonel bring the chippendale chair a little forward between Mrs. Hill and Mrs. higgins , and sit down ] . pickering . have Henry tell you what weve come for ? higgins [ over he shoulder ] we be interrupt : damn it ! mrs . higgins . oh Henry , Henry , really ! mrs . eynsford hill [ half rise ] be we in the way ? mrs . higgins [ rise and make she sit down again ] no , no . you couldnt have come more fortunately : we want you to meet a friend of ours . higgins [ turn hopefully ] yes , by George ! we want two or three people . youll do as well as anybody else . the parlor-maid return , ushere freddy . the parlor-maid . Mr. eynsford Hill . higgins [ almost audibly , past endurance ] God of Heaven ! another of they . freddy [ shaking hand with Mrs. higgins ] ahdedo ? mrs . higgins . very good of you to come . [ introduce ] Colonel picker . freddy [ bow ] ahdedo ? mrs . higgins . I dont think you know my son , Professor higgins . freddy [ go to higgins ] ahdedo ? higgins [ look at he much as if he be a pickpocket ] I will take my oath ive meet you before somewhere . where be it ? freddy . I dont think so . higgins [ resignedly ] it dont matter , anyhow . sit down . he shake freddy 's hand , and almost sling he on the ottoman with he face to the window ; then come round to the other side of it . higgins . well , here we be , anyhow ! [ he sit down on the ottoman next Mrs. eynsford Hill , on she leave ] . and now , what the devil be we go to talk about until eliza come ? mrs . higgins . Henry : you be the life and soul of the Royal Society 's soiré ; but really your rather try on more commonplace occasion . higgins . be i? very sorry . [ beam suddenly ] I suppose I be , you know . [ uproariously ] ha , ha ! the parlor-maid [ open the door ] miss doolittle . [ she withdraw ] . higgins [ rise hastily and run to Mrs. higgins ] here she be , mother . [ he stand on tiptoe and make sign over he mother 's head to eliza to indicate to she which lady be she hostess ] . eliza , who be exquisitely dress , produce a impression of such remarkable distinction and beauty as she enter that they all rise , quite flutter . guide by higgins 's signal , she come to Mrs. higgins with study grace . liza [ speak with pedantic correctness of pronunciation and great beauty of tone ] how do you do , Mrs. higgins ? [ she gasp slightly in make sure of the h in higgins , but be quite successful ] . Mr. higgins tell I I might come . mrs . higgins [ cordially ] quite right : I be very glad indeed to see you . pickering . how do you do , miss doolittle ? liza [ shaking hand with he ] Colonel picker , be it not ? mrs . eynsford hill . I feel sure we have meet before , miss doolittle . I remember you eye . liza . how do you do ? [ she sit down on the ottoman gracefully in the place just leave vacant by higgins ] . mrs . eynsford hill [ introduce ] my daughter Clara . liza . how do you do ? clara [ impulsively ] how do you do ? [ she sit down on the ottoman beside eliza , devour she with she eye ] . freddy [ come to they side of the ottoman ] ive certainly have the pleasure . mrs . eynsford hill [ introduce ] my son freddy . liza . how do you do ? freddy bow and sit down in the elizabethan chair , infatuated . higgins [ suddenly ] by George , yes : it all come back to I ! [ they stare at he ] . covent Garden ! [ lamentably ] what a damned thing ! mrs . higgins . Henry , please ! [ he be about to sit on the edge of the table ] . do sit on my write - table : youll break it . higgins [ sulkily ] sorry . he go to the divan , stumbling into the fender and over the fire - iron on he way ; extricate himself with muttere imprecation ; and finish he disastrous journey by throw himself so impatiently on the divan that he almost break it . Mrs. higgins look at he , but control herself and say nothing . a long and painful pause ensue . mrs . higgins [ at last , conversationally ] will it rain , do you think ? liza . the shallow depression in the west of this island be likely to move slowly in a easterly direction . there be no indication of any great change in the barometrical situation . freddy . ha! ha ! how awfully funny ! liza . what be wrong with that , young man ? I bet I get it right . freddy . killing ! mrs . eynsford hill . I be sure I hope it wont turn cold . theres so much influenza about . it run right through we whole family regularly every spring . liza [ darkly ] my aunt die of influenza : so they say . mrs . eynsford hill [ click she tongue sympathetically ] !!! liza [ in the same tragic tone ] but it 's my belief they do the old woman in . mrs . higgins [ puzzle ] done she in ? liza . y-e -e-e- , Lord love you ! why should she die of influenza ? she come through diphtheria right enough the year before . I see she with my own eye . fairly blue with it , she be . they all think she be dead ; but my father he keep ladling gin down she throat till she come to so sudden that she bit the bowl off the spoon . mrs . eynsford hill [ startle ] dear I ! liza [ pile up the indictment ] what call would a woman with that strength in she have to die of influenza ? what become of she new straw hat that should have come to I ? somebody pinch it ; and what I say be , they as pinch it do she in . mrs . eynsford hill . what do do she in mean ? higgins [ hastily ] oh , thats the new small talk . to do a person in mean to kill they . mrs . eynsford hill [ to eliza , horrify ] you surely dont believe that you aunt be kill ? liza . do I not ! they she live with would have kill she for a hat -pin , let alone a hat . mrs . eynsford hill . but it cant have be right for you father to pour spirit down she throat like that . it might have kill she . liza . not she . gin be mother 's milk to she . besides , he would pour so much down he own throat that he know the good of it . mrs . eynsford hill . do you mean that he drank ? liza . drank ! my word ! something chronic . mrs . eynsford hill . how dreadful for you ! liza . not a bit . it never do he no harm what I could see . but then he do not keep it up regular . [ cheerfully ] on the burst , as you might say , from time to time . and always more agreeable when he have a drop in . when he be out of work , my mother use to give he fourpence and tell he to go out and not come back until he would drunk himself cheerful and loving - like . theres lot of woman have to make they husband drunk to make they fit to live with . [ now quite at she ease ] you see , it 's like this . if a man have a bit of a conscience , it always take he when he 's sober ; and then it make he low-spirite . a drop of booze just take that off and make he happy . [ to freddy , who be in convulsion of suppress laughter ] here ! what be you sniggering at ? freddy . the new small talk . you do it so awfully well . liza . if I be do it proper , what be you laugh at ? [ to higgins ] have I say anything I oughtnt ? mrs . higgins [ interpose ] not at all , miss doolittle . liza . well , thats a mercy , anyhow . [ expansively ] what I always say be -- higgins [ rise and look at he watch ] ahem ! liza [ look round at he ; take the hint ; and rise ] well : I must go . [ they all rise . freddy go to the door ] . so pleased to have meet you . good-bye . [ she shake hand with Mrs. higgins ] . mrs . higgins . good-bye . liza . good-bye , Colonel picker . pickering . good-bye , miss doolittle . [ they shake hand ] . liza [ nodd to the other ] good-bye , all . freddy [ open the door for she ] be you walk across the Park , miss doolittle ? if so -- liza . walk ! not bloody likely . [ sensation ] . I be go in a taxi . [ she go out ] . picker gasp and sit down . freddy [ to the heaven at large ] well , I ask you '' [ he give it up , and come to Mrs. higgins ] . good-bye . mrs . higgins . [ shaking hand ] good-bye . would you like to meet miss doolittle again ? freddy [ eagerly ] yes , I should , most awfully . mrs . higgins . well , you know my day . freddy . yes . thanks awfully . good-bye . [ he go out ] . mrs . eynsford hill . good-bye , Mr. higgins . higgins . good-bye . good-bye . mrs . eynsford hill [ to picker ] it 's no use . I shall never be able to bring myself to use that word . pickering . do . it 's not compulsory , you know . youll get on quite well without it . mrs . eynsford hill . only , Clara be so down on I if I be not positively reek with the latest slang . good-bye . pickering . good-bye [ they shake hand ] . mrs . eynsford hill [ to Mrs. higgins ] thank you , dear , for a most exciting afternoon . good-bye . [ she go out ] . higgins [ eagerly ] well ? be eliza presentable ? [ he swoops on he mother and drag she to the ottoman , where she sit down in liza 's place with she son on she leave ] picker return to he chair on she right . mrs . higgins . you silly boy , of course shes not presentable . shes a triumph of you art and of she dressmaker 's ; but if you suppose for a moment that she doesnt give herself away in every sentence she utter , you must be perfectly crack about she . and now tell I , Colonel picker : what be the exact state of thing in wimpole Street ? pickering [ cheerfully : as if this completely change the subject ] well , I have come to live there with Henry . we work together at my indian dialect ; and we think it more convenient -- mrs . higgins . quite so . I know all about that : it 's a excellent arrangement . but where do this girl live ? higgins . with we , of course . where 's h of u l d she live ? mrs . higgins . but on what term ? be she a servant ? if not , what be she ? pickering [ slowly ] I think I know what you mean , Mrs. higgins . higgins . well , dash I if I do ! ive have to work at the girl every day for month to get she to she present pitch . besides , shes useful . she know where my thing be , and remember my appointment and so forth . mrs . higgins . how do you housekeeper get on with she ? higgins . Mrs. pearce ? oh , shes jolly glad to get so much take off she hand ; for before eliza come , she use to have to find thing and remind I of my appointment . but shes get some silly bee in she bonnet about eliza . she keep say " you dont think , sir " : doesnt she , pick ? pickering . yes : thats the formula . " you dont think , sir . " thats the end of every conversation about eliza . higgins . as if I ever stop think about the girl and she confound vowel and consonant . I be wear out , think about she , and watch she lip and she tooth and she tongue , not to mention she soul , which be the quaintest of the lot . mrs . higgins . you certainly be a pretty pair of baby , play with you live doll . higgins . play ! the hardest job I ever tackle : make no mistake about that , mother . but you have no idea how frightfully interesting it be to take a human be and change she into a quite different human be by create a new speech for she . it 's fill up the deep gulf that separate class from class and soul from soul . pickering [ draw he chair closer to Mrs. higgins and bend over to she eagerly ] yes : it 's enormously interesting . I assure you , Mrs. higgins , we take eliza very seriously . every week -- every day almost -- there be some new change . [ closer again ] we keep record of every stage -- dozen of gramophone disk and photograph -- higgins [ assail she at the other ear ] yes , by George : it 's the most absorb experiment I ever tackle . she regularly fill we life up ; doesnt she , pick ? pickering . we be always talk eliza . higgins . Teaching eliza . pickering . dress eliza . mrs . higgins . what ! higgins . inventing new elizas . [ higgins and picker speak together ] . higgins . you know , she have the most extraordinary quickness of ear : pickering . I assure you , my dear Mrs. higgins , that girl higgins . just like a parrot . ive try she with every pickering . be a genius . she can play the piano quite beautifully . higgins . possible sort of sound that a human be can make -- pickering . we have take she to classical concert and to music higgins . Continental dialect , African dialect , hottentot pickering . hall ; and its all the same to she : she play everything higgins . click , thing it take I year to get hold of ; and pickering . she hear right off when she come home , whether it 's higgins . she pick they up like a shot , right away , as if she have pickering . Beethoven and brahm or lehar and lionel monckton ; higgins . be at it all she life . pickering . though six month ago , she would never as much as touch a piano - - mrs . higgins [ put she finger in she ear , as they be by this time shouting one another down with a intolerable noise ] sh- sh - sh—sh ! [ they stop ] . pickering . I beg you pardon . [ he draw he chair back apologetically ] . higgins . sorry . when picker start shouting nobody can get a word in edgeways . mrs . higgins . be quiet , Henry . Colonel picker : dont you realize that when eliza walk into wimpole Street , something walk in with she ? pickering . her father do . but Henry soon get rid of he . mrs . higgins . it would have be more to the point if she mother have . but as she mother didnt something else do . pickering . but what ? mrs . higgins [ unconsciously dating herself by the word ] a problem . pickering . oh , I see . the problem of how to pass she off as a lady . higgins . I will solve that problem . ive half solve it already . mrs . higgins . no , you two infinitely stupid male creature : the problem of what be to be do with she afterwards . higgins . I dont see anything in that . she can go she own way , with all the advantage I have give she . mrs . higgins . the advantage of that poor woman who be here just now ! the manners and habit that disqualify a fine lady from earning she own live without give she a fine lady 's income ! be that what you mean ? pickering [ indulgently , be rather bored ] oh , that will be all right , Mrs. higgins . [ he rise to go ] . higgins [ rise also ] we will find she some light employment . pickering . shes happy enough . do you worry about she . good-bye . [ he shake hand as if he be consol a frighten child , and make for the door ] . higgins . anyhow , there no good bother now . the thing do . good-bye , mother . [ he kiss she , and follow picker ] . pickering [ turn for a final consolation ] there be plenty of opening . we will do what right . good-bye . higgins [ to picker as they go out together ] let 's take she to the shakespear exhibition at earl Court . pickering . yes : let . her remark will be delicious . higgins . she will mimic all the people for we when we get home . pickering . ripping . [ both be hear laugh as they go downstairs ] . mrs . higgins [ rise with a impatient bounce , and return to she work at the write - table . she sweep a litter of disarranged papers out of she way ; snatch a sheet of paper from she stationery case ; and try resolutely to write . at the third line she give it up ; fling down she pen ; grip the table angrily and exclaim ] oh , men! man !! man !!! dissolve to : the street before a embassy in London one summer evening after dark . the hall door have a awning and a carpet across the sidewalk to the kerb , because a grand reception be in progress . a small crowd be line up to see the guest arrive . a roll - royce car drive up . picker in evening dress , with medal and order , alight , and hand out liza , in opera cloak , evening dress , diamond , fan , flower and all accessory . higgins follow . the car drive off : and the three go up the step and into the house , the door open for they as they approach . Inside the house . a spacious hall from which the grand staircase rise . one the leave be the arrangement for the gentlemend cloak . the male guest be deposit they hat and wrap there . on the right be a door lead to the ladies’ cloakroom . lady be go in cloak and go out in splendor . picker whisper to liza , and point out the ladies’ room . she go into it . higgins and picker take off they overcoat and take ticket for they from the attendant . one of the guest , occupy in the same way , have he back turn . have take he ticket , he turn round and reveal himself as a important look young man with a astonishingly hairy face . he have a enormous moustache , flow out into luxuriant whisker . wave of hair cluster on he brow . his hair be cropped closely at the back , and glow with oil . otherwise he be very smart . he wear several worthless order . he be evidently a foreigner , guessable as a whiskered pandour from hungary ; but in spite of the ferocity of he moustache he be amiable and genially voluble . recognize higgins , he fling he arm wide apart and approach he enthusiastically . whisker . maestro , maestro . [ he embrace higgins and kiss he on both cheek ] . you remember I ? higgins . no I dont . who the devil be you ? whisker . I be you pupil : you first pupil , you best and great pupil . I be little nepommuck , the marvellous boy . I have make you name famous throughout Europe . you teach I phonetic . you can not forget I . higgins . why dont you shave ? nepommuck . I have not you impose appearance , you chin , you brow . nobody notice I when I shave . now I be famous : they call I hairy face Dick . higgins . and what be you do here among all this swell ? nepommuck . I be interpreter . I speak 32 language . I be indispensable at this international party . you be great cockney specialist : you place a man anywhere in London the moment he open he mouth . I place any man in Europe . a footman hurry down the great staircase and come to nepommuck . footman . you be want upstairs . her excellency cannot understand the Greek gentleman . nepommuck . thank you , yes , immediately . the footman go and be lose in the crowd . nepommuck [ to higgins ] this Greek diplomatist pretend he cannot speak or understand English . he can not deceive I . he be the son of a clerkenwell watchmaker . he speak English so villainously that he dare not utter a word of it without betray he origin . I help he to pretend ; but I make he pay through the nose . I make they all pay . ha ha ! [ he hurry upstairs ] . pickering . be this fellow really a expert ? can he find out eliza and blackmail she ? higgins . we shall see . if he find she out I lose my bet . liza come from the cloakroom and join they . pickering . well , eliza , now for it . be you ready ? liza . be you nervous , Colonel ? pickering . frightfully . I feel exactly as I feel before my first battle . it 's the first time that frighten . liza . it 's not the first time for I , Colonel . I have do this fifty time -- hundred of time -- in my little piggery in angel Court in my day -dream . I be in a dream now . promise I not to let Professor higgins wake I ; for if he do I shall forget everything and talk as I use to in drury Lane . pickering . not a word , higgins . [ to liza ] now , ready ? liza . ready . pickering . go . they mount the stair , higgins last . picker whisper to the footman on the first landing . first landing footman . miss doolittle , Colonel picker , Professor higgins . second landing footman . miss doolittle , Colonel picker , Professor higgins . at the top of the staircase the ambassador and he wife , with nepommuck at she elbow , be receive . hostess [ take lizaus hand ] how d’ye do ? host [ same play ] how d’ye do ? how d’ye do , picker ? liza [ with a beautiful gravity that awe she hostess ] how do you do ? [ she pass on to the drawingroom ] . hostess . be that you adopt daughter , picker ? she will make a sensation . pickering . most kind of you to invite she for I . [ he pass on ] . hostess [ to nepommuck ] find out all about she . nepommuck [ bow ] excellency -- [ he go into the crowd ] . host . how d’ye do , higgins ? you have a rival here tonight . he introduce himself as you pupil . be he any good ? higgins . he can learn a language in a fortnight -- know dozen of they . a sure mark of a fool . as a phonetician , no good whatever . hostess . how d’ye do , Professor ? higgins . how do you do ? fearful bore for you this sort of thing . forgive my part in it . [ he pass on ] . the draw room and its suite of salon . the reception be in full swing . liza pass through . she be so intent on she ordeal that she walk like a somnambulist in a desert instead of a debutante in a fashionable crowd . they stop talk to look at she , admire she dress , she jewel , and she strangely attractive self . some of the young one at she back stand on they chair to see . the host and hostess come in from the staircase and mingle with they guest . higgins , gloomy and contemptuous of the whole business , come into the group where they be all chat . hostess . ah , here be Professor higgins : he will tell we . tell we about the wonderful young lady , Professor . higgins [ almost morosely ] what wonderful young lady ? hostess . you know very well . they tell I there have be nothing like she in London since people stand on they chair to look at Mrs langtry . nepommuck join the group , full of news . hostess . ah , here you be at last , nepommuck . have you find out all about the doolittle lady ? nepommuck . I have find out all about she . she be a fraud . hostess . a fraud ! oh no . nepommuck . yes , yes . she can not deceive I . her name cannot be doolittle . higgins . why ? nepommuck . because doolittle be a English name . and she be not English . hostess . oh , nonsense ! she speak English perfectly . nepommuck . too perfectly . can you shew I any English woman who speak English as it should be speak ? only foreigner who have be teach to speak it speak it well . hostess . she certainly terrify I by the way she say how d’ye do . I have a schoolmistress who talk like that ; and I be mortally afraid of she . but if she be not English what be she ? nepommuck . hungarian . all the rest . hungarian ! nepommuck . hungarian . and of royal blood . I be hungarian . my blood be royal . higgins . do you speak to she in hungarian ? nepommuck . I do . she be very clever . she say '' please speak to I in English ; I do not understand french . '' french ! she pretend not to know the difference between hungarian and french . impossible : she know both . higgins . and the royal blood ? how do you find that out ? nepommuck . instinct , maestro , instinct . only the magyar race can produce that air of the divine right , that resolute eye . she be a princess . host . what do you say , Professor ? higgins . I say a ordinary London girl out of the gutter and teach to speak by a expert . I place she in drury Lane . nepommuck . ha ha ha ! oh , maestro , maestro , you be mad on the subject of cockney dialect . the London gutter be the whole world for you . higgins [ to the hostess ] what do you excellency say ? hostess . oh , of course , I agree with nepommuck . she must be a princess at least . host . not necessarily legitimate , of course . morganistic perhaps . but that be undoubtedly she class . higgins . I stick to my opinion . hostess . oh , you be incorrigible . the group break up , leave higgins isolate . picker join he . pickering . where be eliza ? we must keep a eye on she . liza join they . liza . I dont think I can bear much more . the people all stare so at I . a old lady have just tell I that I speak exactly like Queen Victoria . I be sorry if I have lose you bet . I have do my best ; but nothing can make I the same as this people . pickering . you have not lose it , my dear . you have win it ten time over . higgins . let we get out of this . I have have enough of chatter to this fool . pickering . eliza be tired ; and I be hungry . let we clear out and have supper somewhere . the scene fade as the three make for the stair . fade into : the wimpole Street laboratory , Midnight . nobody in the room . the clock on the mantelpiece strike twelve . the fire be not alight : it be a summer night . presently higgins and picker be hear on the star . higgins [ call down to picker ] I say , pick : lock up , will you . I shant be go out again . pickering . right . can Mrs. pearce go to bed ? we dont want anything more , do we ? higgins . Lord , no ! liza open the door and be see on the light landing in opera cloak , brilliant evening dress , and diamond , with fan , flower , and all accessory . she come to the hearth , and switch on the electric light there . she be tired : she pallor contrast strongly with she dark eye and hair ; and she expression be almost tragic . she take off she cloak ; put she fan and flower on the piano ; and sit down on the bench , brood and silent . higgins , in evening dress , with overcoat and hat , come in , carry a smoking jacket which he have pick up downstairs . he take off the hat and overcoat ; throw they carelessly on the newspaper stand ; dispose of he coat in the same way ; put on the smoking jacket ; and throw himself wearily into the easy - chair at the hearth . picker , similarly attire , come in . he also take off he hat and overcoat , and be about to throw they on higgins 's when he hesitates . pickering . I say : Mrs. pearce will row if we leave this thing lie about in the draw - room . higgins . oh , chuck they over the bannister into the hall . she will find they there in the morning and put they away all right . she will think we be drunk . pickering . we be , slightly . be there any letter ? higgins . I didnt look . [ picker take the overcoat and hat and go down stair . higgins begin half sing half yawn a air from La fanciulla del Golden West . suddenly he stop and exclaim ] I wonder where the devil my slipper be ! liza look at he darkly ; then rise suddenly and leave the room . higgins yawn again , and resume he song . picker return , with the content of the letter - box in he hand . pickering . only circular , and this coronete billet - doux for you . [ he throw the circular into the fender , and post himself on the hearthrug , with he back to the grate ] . higgins [ glance at the billet - doux ] money-lender . [ he throw the letter after the circular ] . liza return with a pair of large down - at-heel slipper . she place they on the carpet before higgins , and sit as before without a word . higgins [ yawn again ] oh Lord ! what a evening ! what a crew ! what a silly tomfoolery ! [ he raise he shoe to unlace it , and catch sight of the slipper . he stop unlace and look at they as if they have appear there of they own accord ] . oh ! theyre there , be they ? pickering [ stretch himself ] well , I feel a bit tired . it 's be a long day . the garden party , a dinner party , and the opera ! Rather too much of a good thing . but youve win you bet , higgins . eliza do the trick , and something to spare , eh ? higgins [ fervently ] thank God it 's over ! liza flinch violently ; but they take no notice of she ; and she recover herself and sit stonily as before . pickering . be you nervous at the garden party ? I be . eliza didnt seem a bit nervous . higgins . oh , she wasnt nervous . I know she would be all right . no : it 's the strain of put the job through all this month that have tell on I . it be interesting enough at first , while we be at the phonetics ; but after that I get deadly sick of it . if I hadnt back myself to do it I should have chuck the whole thing up two month ago . it be a silly notion : the whole thing have be a bore . pickering . oh come ! the garden party be frightfully exciting . my heart begin beat like anything . higgins . yes , for the first three minute . but when I see we be go to win hand down , I feel like a bear in a cage , hang about do nothing . the dinner be worse : sit gorging there for over a hour , with nobody but a damned fool of a fashionable woman to talk to ! I tell you , picker , never again for I . no more artificial duchess . the whole thing have be simple purgatory . pickering . youve never be break in properly to the social routine . [ strol over to the piano ] I rather enjoy dip into it occasionally myself : it make I feel young again . anyhow , it be a great success : a immense success . I be quite frighten once or twice because eliza be do it so well . you see , lot of the real people cant do it at all : theyre such fool that they think style come by nature to people in they position ; and so they never learn . theres always something professional about do a thing superlatively well . higgins . yes : thats what drive I mad : the silly people dont know they own silly business . [ rising ] however , it 's over and do with ; and now I can go to bed at last without dread tomorrow . liza 's beauty become murderous . pickering . I think I shall turn in too . still , it 's be a great occasion : a triumph for you . good-night . [ he go ] . higgins [ follow he ] good-night . [ over he shoulder , at the door ] put out the light , eliza ; and tell Mrs. pearce not to make coffee for I in the morning : I will take tea . [ he go out ] . liza try to control herself and feel indifferent as she rise and walk across to the hearth to switch off the light . by the time she get there she be on the point of scream . she sit down in higgins 's chair and hold on hard to the arm . finally she give way and fling herself furiously on the floor raging . higgins [ in despair wrath outside ] what the devil have I do with my slipper ? [ he appear at the door ] . liza [ snatching up the slipper , and hurl they at he one after the other with all she force ] there be you slipper . and there . take you slipper ; and may you never have a day 's luck with they ! higgins [ astound ] what on earth --! [ he come to she ] . what the matter ? get up . [ he pull she up ] . anything wrong ? liza [ breathless ] nothing wrong -- with y of u . ive win you bet for you , havnt I ? thats enough for you . I dont matter , I suppose . higgins . y of u win my bet ! you ! presumptuous insect ! I win it . what do you throw that slipper at I for ? liza . because I want to smash you face . I would like to kill you , you selfish brute . why didnt you leave I where you pick I out of—in the gutter ? you thank God it 's all over , and that now you can throw I back again there , do you ? [ she crisp she finger frantically ] . higgins [ look at she in cool wonder ] the creature be nervous , after all . liza [ give a suffocate scream of fury , and instinctively dart she nail at he face ] !! higgins [ catch she wrist ] ah! would you ? claw in , you cat . how dare you shew you temper to I ? sit down and be quiet . [ he throw she roughly into the easy - chair ] . liza [ crush by superior strength and weight ] what to become of I ? what to become of I ? higgins . how the devil do I know what to become of you ? what do it matter what become of you ? liza . you dont care . I know you dont care . you wouldnt care if I be dead . I be nothing to you -- not so much as they slipper . higgins [ thunder ] T h of 's e slipper . liza [ with bitter submission ] that slipper . I didnt think it make any difference now . a pause . eliza hopeless and crush . higgins a little uneasy . higgins [ in he loftiest manner ] why have you begin go on like this ? May I ask whether you complain of you treatment here ? liza . no . higgins . have anybody behave badly to you ? Colonel picker ? Mrs. pearce ? any of the servant ? liza . no . higgins . I presume you dont pretend that I have treat you badly . liza . no . higgins . I be glad to hear it . [ he moderate he tone ] . perhaps your tired after the strain of the day . will you have a glass of champagne ? [ he move towards the door ] . liza . no . [ recollecting she manners ] thank you . higgins [ good-humored again ] this have be come on you for some day . I suppose it be natural for you to be anxious about the garden party . but thats all over now . [ he pat she kindly on the shoulder . she writhes ] . theres nothing more to worry about . liza . no. nothing more for y of u to worry about . [ she suddenly rise and get away from he by go to the piano bench , where she sit and hide she face ] . oh God ! I wish I be dead . higgins [ stare after she in sincere surprise ] why ? in heaven 's name , why ? [ reasonably , go to she ] listen to I , eliza . all this irritation be purely subjective . liza . I dont understand . I be too ignorant . higgins . it 's only imagination . low spirit and nothing else . nobody 's hurt you . nothing 's wrong . you go to bed like a good girl and sleep it off . have a little cry and say you prayer : that will make you comfortable . liza . I hear y of u be prayer . " thank God it 's all over ! " higgins [ impatiently ] well , dont you thank God it 's all over ? now you be free and can do what you like . liza [ pull herself together in desperation ] what be I fit for ? what have you leave I fit for ? where be I to go ? what be I to do ? what to become of I ? higgins [ enlighten , but not at all impressed ] oh , thats what worry you , be it ? [ he thrust he hand into he pocket , and walk about in he usual manner , rattling the content of he pocket , as if condescending to a trivial subject out of pure kindness ] . I shouldnt bother about it if I be you . I should imagine you wont have much difficulty in settling yourself somewhere or other , though I hadnt quite realize that you be go away . [ she look quickly at he : he do not look at she , but examine the dessert stand on the piano and decide that he will eat a apple ] . you might marry , you know . [ he bite a large piece out of the apple , and munch it noisily ] . you see , eliza , all man be not confirm old bachelor like I and the Colonel . most man be the marrying sort ( poor devil ! ) ; and your not bad - look ; it 's quite a pleasure to look at you sometimes—not now , of course , because your cry and look as ugly as the very devil ; but when your all right and quite yourself , your what I should call attractive . that be , to the people in the marrying line , you understand . you go to bed and have a good nice rest ; and then get up and look at yourself in the glass ; and you wont feel so cheap . liza again look at he , speechless , and do not stir . the look be quite lose on he : he eat he apple with a dreamy expression of happiness , as it be quite a good one . higgins [ a genial afterthought occur to he ] I daresay my mother could find some chap or other who would do very well . liza . we be above that at the corner of tottenham Court Road . higgins [ waking up ] what do you mean ? liza . I sell flower . I didnt sell myself . now youve make a lady of I I be not fit to sell anything else . I wish youd leave I where you find I . higgins . [ slinging the core of the apple decisively into the grate ] tosh , eliza . do you insult human relation by drag all this cant about buy and sell into it . you neednt marry the fellow if you dont like he . liza . what else be I to do ? higgins . oh , lot of thing . what about you old idea of a florist 's shop ? picker could set you up in one : hes lot of money . [ chuckle ] he will have to pay for all that tog you have be wear today ; and that , with the hire of the jewellery , will make a big hole in two hundred pound . why , six month ago you would have think it the millennium to have a flower shop of you own . come ! youll be all right . I must clear off to bed : I be devilish sleepy . by the way , I come down for something : I forget what it be . liza . you slipper . higgins . oh yes , of course . you shy they at I . [ he pick they up , and be go out when she rise and speak to he ] . liza . before you go , sir -- higgins [ drop the slipper in he surprise at she call he Sir ] eh ? liza . do my clothes belong to I or to Colonel picker ? higgins [ come back into the room as if she question be the very climax of unreason ] what the devil use would they be to picker ? liza . he might want they for the next girl you pick up to experiment on . higgins [ shocked and hurt ] be t h a t the way you feel towards we ? liza . I dont want to hear anything more about that . all I want to know be whether anything belong to I . my own clothes be burnt . higgins . but what do it matter ? why need you start bother about that in the middle of the night ? liza . I want to know what I may take away with I . I dont want to be accuse of steal . higgins [ now deeply wounded ] stealing ! you shouldnt have say that , eliza . that shew a want of feel . liza . I be sorry . I be only a common ignorant girl ; and in my station I have to be careful . there cant be any feeling between the like of you and the like of I . please will you tell I what belong to I and what do not ? higgins [ very sulky ] you may take the whole damned houseful if you like . except the jewel . theyre hire . will that satisfy you ? [ he turn on he heel and be about to go in extreme dudgeon ] . liza [ drink in he emotion like nectar , and nag he to provoke a further supply ] stop , please . [ she take off she jewel ] . will you take this to you room and keep they safe ? I dont want to run the risk of they be miss . higgins [ furious ] Hand they over . [ she put they into he hand ] . if this belong to I instead of to the jeweler , I would ram they down you ungrateful throat . [ he perfunctorily thrust they into he pocket , unconsciously decorate himself with the protrude end of the chain ] . liza [ take a ring off ] this ring isnt the jeweler 's : it 's the one you buy I in Brighton . I dont want it now . [ higgins dash the ring violently into the fireplace , and turn on she so threateningly that she crouch over the piano with she hand over she face , and exclaim ] do you hit I . higgins . hit you ! you infamous creature , how dare you accuse I of such a thing ? it be you who have hit I . you have wounded I to the heart . liza [ thrill with hide joy ] I be glad . ive get a little of my own back , anyhow . higgins [ with dignity , in he finest professional style ] you have cause I to lose my temper : a thing that have hardly ever happen to I before . I prefer to say nothing more tonight . I be go to bed . liza [ pertly ] youd better leave a note for Mrs. pearce about the coffee ; for she wont be tell by I . higgins [ formally ] damn Mrs. pearce ; and damn the coffee ; and damn you ; and damn my own folly in have lavish hard - earn knowledge and the treasure of my regard and intimacy on a heartless guttersnipe . [ he go out with impressive decorum , and spoil it by slamm the door savagely ] . liza go down on she knee on the hearthrug to look for the ring . when she find it she consider for a moment what to do with it . finally she fling it down on the dessert stand and go upstairs in a tear rage . the stair . liza go up to she room . the landing . liza go into she room . the bedroom as before , except that its furniture have be increase by a big wardrobe and a sumptuous dress - table . liza come in and switch on the electric light . she go to the wardrobe ; open it ; and pull out a walk dress , a hat , and a pair of shoe , which she throw on the bed . she take off she evening dress and shoe ; then take a padded hanger from the wardrobe ; adjust it carefully in the evening dress ; and hang it in the wardrobe , which she shut with a slam . she put on she walk shoe , she walk dress , and hat . she take she wrist - watch from the dress - table and fasten it on . she pull on she glove ; take she vanity bag ; and look into it to see that she purse be there before hang it on she wrist . she make for the door . she take a last look at herself in the glass . Close - up of she reflection in the glass , register fierce resentment and determination . she suddenly put out she tongue at herself . the bedroom . she leave the room , ready equip for go out . at the door she put out the electric light . blackout . exterior of the house . freddy , in evening dress and overcoat , be at the railing , gaze up at the second floor , in which one of the window be still light . the light go out . freddy . goodnight , darling , darling , darling . the hall door step . the fanlight flare up . the door open ; and liza appear . she put out the fanlight ; come out on the step ; and close the door , give it a considerable bang behind she . at the railing , closer up . liza find freddy there . liza . whatever be you do here ? freddy . nothing . I spend most of my night here . it 's the only place where I ’m happy . do laugh at I , miss doolittle . liza . do you call I miss doolittle , do you hear ? lizaus good enough for I . [ she break down and grab he by the shoulder ] . freddy : you do n’t think I ’m a heartless guttersnipe , do you ? freddy . oh no , no , darling : how can you imagine such a thing ? you be the loveliest , dearest -- he lose all self - control and smother she with kiss . she , hungry for comfort , respond . they stand there in one anotherus arm . a elderly police constable arrive . constable [ scandalize ] now then ! now then !! now then !!! they release one another hastily . freddy . sorry , constable . weve only just become engage . they run away . the constable shake he head , reflect on he own courtship and on the vanity of human hope . he move off in the opposite direction with slow professional step . cavendish Square . freddy and liza halt to consider they next move . liza . [ out of breath ] he didnt half give I a fright , that copper . but you answer he proper . freddy . I hope I havnt take you out of you way . where be you go ? liza . to the river . freddy . what for ? liza . to make a hole in it . freddy . eliza , darling . what do you mean ? what the matter ? liza . never mind . it doesnt matter now . theres nobody in the world now but you and I , be there ? freddy . not a soul . they indulge in another embrace , and be again surprised by a much young constable . second constable . now then , you two ! what this ? where do you think you be ? move along here , double quick . freddy . as you say , sir . double quick . [ they run away ] . hanover Square . liza and freddy rush in and stop for breath . freddy . I have no idea the police be so devilishly prudish . liza . it 's they business to hunt girl off the street . freddy . we must go somewhere . we cant wander about the street all night . liza . cant we ? I think it’d be lovely to wander about forever . freddy . oh , darling . they embrace again , oblivious of the arrival of a crawl taxi . it stop . taximan . can I drive you and the lady anywhere , sir ? they start asunder . liza . oh , freddy , a taxi . the very thing . freddy . but , damn it , ive no money . liza . I have plenty . the Colonel think you should never go out without ten pound in you pocket . listen . we’ll drive about all night ; and in the morning I ’ll call on old Mrs higgins and ask she what I ought to do . i’ll tell you all about it in the cab . and the police wont touch we there . freddy . righto ! ripping . [ to the taximan ] wimbledon common . he follow liza into the cab . they drive off . dissolve to : Mrs. higgins 's draw - room . she be at she write - table as before . the parlor-maid come in . the parlor-maid [ at the door ] Mr. Henry , maam , be downstairs with Colonel picker . mrs . higgins . well , shew they up . the parlor-maid . Mr. Henry 's in a state , maam . I think I would better tell you . mrs . higgins . if you have tell I that Mr. Henry be not in a state it would have be more surprising . go upstairs and tell miss doolittle that Mr. Henry and the Colonel be here . ask she not to come down till I send for she . the parlor-maid . yes , maam . higgins burst in . he be , as the parlor- may have say , in a state . higgins . look here , mother : here a confound thing ! mrs . higgins . yes , dear . good-morn . [ he check he impatience and kiss she , whilst the parlor- may go out ] . what be it ? higgins . eliza 's bolt . mrs . higgins [ calmly continue she write ] you must have frighten she . higgins . frightened she ! nonsense ! she be leave last night , as usual , to turn out the light and all that ; and instead of go to bed she change she clothes and go right off : she bed wasnt sleep in . she come in a cab for she thing before seven this morning ; and that fool Mrs. pearce let she have they without tell I a word about it . what be I to do ? mrs . higgins . do without , I be afraid , Henry . the girl have a perfect right to leave if she choose . higgins [ wander distractedly across the room ] but I cant find anything . I dont know what appointment ive get . I be -- [ picker come in . Mrs. higgins put down she pen and turn away from the write - table ] . pickering [ shaking hand ] good-morn , Mrs. higgins . have Henry tell you ? the parlor-maid come in and break off the conversation . the parlor-maid . Mr. Henry : a gentleman want to see you very particular . hes be send on from wimpole Street . higgins . oh , bother ! I cant see anyone now . who be it ? the parlor-maid . a Mr. doolittle , sir . pickering . doolittle ! do you mean the dustman ? the parlor-maid . dustman ! oh no , sir : a gentleman . higgins [ spring up excitedly ] by George , pick , it 's some relative of hers that shes go to . somebody we know nothing about . [ to the parlor-maid ] send he up , quick . the parlor-maid . yes , sir . [ she go ] . higgins [ eagerly , go to he mother ] genteel relative ! now we shall hear something . [ he sit down in the chippendale chair ] . mrs . higgins . do you know any of she people ? pickering . only she father : the fellow we tell you about . the parlor-maid [ announce ] Mr. doolittle . [ she withdraw ] . doolittle enter . he be resplendently dress as for a fashionable wedding , and might , in fact , be the bridegroom . a flower in he buttonhole , a dazzle silk hat , and patent leather shoe complete the effect . he be too concerned with the business he have come on to notice Mrs. higgins . he walk straight to higgins , and accost he with vehement reproach . doolittle [ indicate he own person ] see here ! do you see this ? y of u do this . higgins . done what , man ? doolittle . this , I tell you . look at it . look at this hat . look at this coat . pickering . have eliza be buy you clothes ? doolittle . eliza ! not she . not half . why would she buy I clothes ? mrs . higgins . good-morn , Mr. doolittle . wont you sit down ? doolittle [ take aback as he become conscious that he have forget he hostess ] ask you pardon , maam . [ he approach she and shake she proffer hand ] . thank you . [ he sit down on the ottoman , on picker 's right ] . I be that full of what have happen to I that I cant think of anything else . higgins . what the dicken h a 's happen to you ? doolittle . I shouldnt mind if it have only h a p p e n e d to I : anything might happen to anybody and nobody to blame but Providence , as you might say . but this be something that y of u do to I : yes , y of u , Henry higgins . higgins . have you find eliza ? thats the point . doolittle . have you lose she ? higgins . yes . doolittle . you have all the luck , you have . I aint find she ; but she will find I quick enough now after what you do to I . mrs . higgins . but what have my son do to you , Mr. doolittle ? doolittle . done to I ! ruine I . destroy my happiness . tied I up and deliver I into the hand of middle class morality . higgins [ rise intolerantly and stand over doolittle ] youre rave . youre drunk . youre mad . I give you five pound . after that I have two conversation with you , at half - a- crown a hour . ive never see you since . doolittle . oh! drunk ! be i? mad ! be I ? tell I this . do you or do you not write a letter to a old blighter in America that be give five million to find Moral Reform society all over the world , and that want you to invent a universal language for he ? higgins . what ! ezra D. wannafeller ! hes dead . [ he sit down again carelessly ] . doolittle . yes : hes dead ; and I be do for . now do you or do you not write a letter to he to say that the most original moralist at present in England , to the best of you knowledge , be Alfred doolittle , a common dustman . higgins . oh , after you last visit I remember make some silly joke of the kind . doolittle . ah ! you may well call it a silly joke . it put the lid on I right enough . just give he the chance he want to shew that Americans be not like we : that they recognize and respect merit in every class of life , however humble . they word be in he bloom will , in which , Henry higgins , thanks to you silly joke , he leave I a share in he predigested cheese trust worth three thousand a year on condition that I lecture for he wannafeller Moral Reform World League as often as they ask I up to six time a year . higgins . the devil he do ! whew ! [ brighten suddenly ] what a lark ! pickering . a safe thing for you , doolittle . they wont ask you twice . doolittle . it aint the lecture I mind . I will lecture they blue in the face , I will , and not turn a hair . it 's make a gentleman of I that I object to . who ask he to make a gentleman of I ? I be happy . I be free . I touch pretty nigh everybody for money when I want it , same as I touch you , enry iggins . now I be worrite ; tie neck and heel ; and everybody touch I for money . it 's a fine thing for you , say my solicitor . be it ? say I . you mean it 's a good thing for you , I say . when I be a poor man and have a solicitor once when they find a pram in the dust cart , he get I off , and get shut of I and get I shut of he as quick as he could . same with the doctor : use to shove I out of the hospital before I could hardly stand on my leg , and nothing to pay . now they find out that I be not a healthy man and cant live unless they look after I twice a day . in the house I be not let do a hand 's turn for myself : somebody else must do it and touch I for it . a year ago I hadnt a relative in the world except two or three that wouldnt speak to I . now ive fifty , and not a decent week 's wage among the lot of they . I have to live for other and not for myself : thats middle class morality . you talk of lose eliza . do you be anxious : I bet shes on my doorstep by this : she that could support herself easy by sell flower if I wasnt respectable . and the next one to touch I will be you , Henry higgins . I will have to learn to speak middle class language from you , instead of speak proper English . thats where youll come in ; and I daresay thats what you do it for . mrs . higgins . I think this solve the problem of eliza 's future . you can provide for she now . higgins [ jump up ] nonsense ! he cant provide for she . he shant provide for she . she doesnt belong to he . I pay he five pound for she . doolittle : either your a honest man or a rogue . doolittle [ tolerantly ] a little of both , Henry , like the rest of we : a little of both . higgins . well , you take that money for the girl ; and you have no right to take she as well . mrs . higgins . Henry : dont be absurd . if you really want to know where eliza be , she be upstairs . higgins [ amaze ] upstair !!! then I shall jolly soon fetch she downstairs . [ he make resolutely for the door ] . mrs . higgins [ rise and follow he ] be quiet , Henry . sit down . higgins . I - - mrs . higgins . sit down , dear ; and listen to I . higgins . oh very well , very well , very well . [ he throw himself ungraciously on the ottoman , with he face towards the window ] . but I think you might have tell I this half a hour ago . mrs . higgins . eliza come to I this morning . she tell I of the brutal way you two treat she . higgins [ bound up again ] what ! pickering [ rise also ] my dear Mrs. higgins , shes be tell you storey . we didnt treat she brutally . we hardly say a word to she ; and we parte on particularly good term . higgins . we say nothing except that we be tired and want to go to bed . do we , pick ? pickering [ shrugging he shoulder ] that be all . mrs . higgins [ ironically ] quite sure ? pickering . absolutely . really , that be all . mrs . higgins . you do not thank she , or pet she , or admire she , or tell she how splendid she would be . higgins [ impatiently ] but she know all about that . we didnt make speech to she , if thats what you mean . pickering [ conscience stricken ] perhaps we be a little inconsiderate . be she very angry ? mrs . higgins [ return to she place at the write - table ] well , I be afraid she wont go back to wimpole Street , especially now that Mr. doolittle be able to keep up the position you have thrust on she ; but she say she be quite willing to meet you on friendly term and to let bygone be bygone . higgins [ furious ] be she , by George ? Ho ! mrs . higgins . if you promise to behave yourself , Henry , I will ask she to come down . if not , go home ; for you have take up quite enough of my time . higgins . oh , all right . very well . pick : you behave yourself . let we put on we best Sunday manners for this creature that we pick out of the mud . [ he fling himself sulkily into the elizabethan chair ] . mrs . higgins . remember you promise , Henry . [ she press the bell - button on the write - table ] . Mr. doolittle : will you be so good as to step out on the balcony for a moment . I dont want eliza to have the shock of you news until she have make it up with this two gentleman . would you mind ? doolittle . as you wish , lady . anything to help Henry to keep she off my hand . [ he disappear through the window ] . the parlor- may answer the bell . picker sit down in doolittle 's place . mrs . higgins . ask miss doolittle to come down , please . the parlor-maid . yes , maam . [ she go out ] . mrs . higgins . now , Henry : be good . higgins . I be behave myself perfectly . pickering . he be do he best , Mrs. higgins . liza enter , sunny , self - possess , and give a staggeringly convincing exhibition of ease of manner . she carry a little work - basket , and be very much at home . picker be too much take aback to rise . liza . how do you do , Professor higgins ? be you quite well ? higgins [ choke ] be I - - [ he can say no more ] . liza . but of course you be : you be never ill . so glad to see you again , Colonel picker . [ he rise hastily ; and they shake hand ] . quite chilly this morning , isnt it ? [ she sit down on he leave . he sit beside she ] . higgins . do you dare try this game on I . I teach it to you ; and it doesnt take I in . get up and come home ; and dont be a fool . liza take a piece of needlework from she basket , and begin to stitch at it , without take the least notice of this outburst . mrs . higgins . very nicely put , indeed , Henry . no woman could resist such a invitation . higgins . you let she alone , mother . let she speak for herself . you will jolly soon see whether she have a idea that I havnt put into she head or a word that I havnt put into she mouth . I tell you I have create this thing out of the squash cabbage leave of covent Garden ; and now she pretend to play the fine lady with I . mrs . higgins [ placidly ] yes , dear ; but youll sit down , wont you ? higgins sit down again , savagely . liza [ to picker , take no apparent notice of higgins , and work away deftly ] will you drop I altogether now that the experiment be over , Colonel picker ? pickering . oh dont . you mustnt think of it as a experiment . it shock I , somehow . liza . oh , I be only a squash cabbage leaf -- pickering [ impulsively ] no . liza [ continue quietly ] -- but I owe so much to you that I should be very unhappy if you forget I . pickering . it 's very kind of you to say so , miss doolittle . liza . it 's not because you pay for my dress . I know you be generous to everybody with money . but it be from you that I learn really nice manners ; and that be what make one a lady , isnt it ? you see it be so very difficult for I with the example of Professor higgins always before I . I be bring up to be just like he , unable to control myself , and use bad language on the slight provocation . and I should never have know that lady and gentleman didnt behave like that if you hadnt be there . higgins . well !! pickering . oh , thats only he way , you know . he doesnt mean it . liza . oh , I didnt mean it either , when I be a flower girl . it be only my way . but you see I do it ; and thats what make the difference after all . pickering . no doubt . still , he teach you to speak ; and I couldnt have do that , you know . liza [ trivially ] of course : that be he profession . higgins . damnation ! liza [ continue ] it be just like learn to dance in the fashionable way : there be nothing more than that in it . but do you know what begin my real education ? pickering . what ? liza [ stop she work for a moment ] you call I miss doolittle that day when I first come to wimpole Street . that be the beginning of self - respect for I . [ she resume she stitching ] . and there be a hundred little thing you never notice , because they come naturally to you . thing about stand up and take off you hat and open door -- pickering . oh , that be nothing . liza . yes : thing that shew you think and feel about I as if I be something better than a scullery - may ; though of course I know you would have be just the same to a scullery - may if she have be let in the draw - room . you never take off you boot in the dining room when I be there . pickering . you mustnt mind that . higgins take off he boot all over the place . liza . I know . I be not blame he . it be he way , isnt it ? but it make such a difference to I that you didnt do it . you see , really and truly , apart from the thing anyone can pick up ( the dress and the proper way of speak , and so on ) , the difference between a lady and a flower girl be not how she behave , but how shes treat . I shall always be a flower girl to Professor higgins , because he always treat I as a flower girl , and always will ; but I know I can be a lady to you , because you always treat I as a lady , and always will . mrs . higgins . please dont grind you tooth , Henry . pickering . well , this be really very nice of you , miss doolittle . liza . I should like you to call I eliza , now , if you would . pickering . thank you . eliza , of course . liza . and I should like Professor higgins to call I miss doolittle . higgins . I will see you damned first . mrs . higgins . Henry ! Henry ! pickering . youre come back to wimpole Street , arnt you ? youll forgive higgins ? higgins [ rise ] forgive ! will she , by George ! let she go . let she find out how she can get on without we . she will relapse into the gutter in three week without I at she elbow . doolittle appear at the centre window . with a look of dignify reproach at higgins , he come slowly and silently to he daughter , who , with she back to the window , be unconscious of he approach . pickering . hes incorrigible , eliza . you wont relapse , will you ? liza . no : not now . never again . I have learn my lesson . I dont believe I could utter one of the old sound if I try . [ doolittle touch she on she leave shoulder . she drop she work , lose she self - possession utterly at the spectacle of she father 's splendor ] a-a-a-a-a-ah-ow-ooh ! higgins [ with a crow of triumph ] aha ! just so . a-a-a-a-ahowooh ! a- a-a - a-ahowooh ! a-a-a-a-ahowooh ! Victory ! Victory ! [ he throw himself on the divan , fold he arm , and spraddle arrogantly ] . doolittle . can you blame the girl ? do look at I like that , eliza . it aint my fault . ive come into some money . liza . you must have touch a millionaire this time , dad . doolittle . I have . but I be dress something special today . I be go to St. George 's , hanover Square . you stepmother be go to marry I . liza [ angrily ] youre go to let yourself down to marry that low common woman ! pickering [ quietly ] he ought to , eliza . [ to doolittle ] why have she change she mind ? doolittle [ sadly ] intimidate , Governor . intimidate . Middle class morality claim its victim . wont you put on you hat , liza , and come and see I turn off ? liza . if the Colonel say I must , i—i will [ almost sobbing ] I will demean myself . and get insulted for my pain , like enough . doolittle . do be afraid : she never come to word with anyone now , poor woman ! respectability have break all the spirit out of she . pickering [ squeezing eliza 's elbow gently ] be kind to they , eliza . make the best of it . liza [ force a little smile for he through she vexation ] oh well , just to shew there no ill feel . I will be back in a moment . [ she go out ] . doolittle [ sit down beside picker ] I feel uncommon nervous about the ceremony , Colonel . I wish youd come and see I through it . pickering . but youve be through it before , man . you be marry to eliza 's mother . doolittle . who tell you that , Colonel ? pickering . well , nobody tell I . but I conclude -- naturally -- doolittle . no : that aint the natural way , Colonel : it 's only the middle class way . my way be always the undeserve way . but dont say nothing to eliza . she dont know : I always have a delicacy about tell she . pickering . quite right . we will leave it so , if you dont mind . doolittle . and youll come to the church , Colonel , and put I through straight ? pickering . with pleasure . as far as a bachelor can . mrs . higgins . May I come , Mr. doolittle ? I should be very sorry to miss you wedding . doolittle . I should indeed be honore by you condescension , maam ; and my poor old woman would take it as a tremenjous compliment . shes be very low , think of the happy day that be no more . mrs . higgins [ rise ] I will order the car and get ready . [ the man rise , except higgins ] . I shant be more than fifteen minute . [ as she go to the door eliza come in , hatted and buttone she glove ] . I be go to the church to see you father marry , eliza . you have better come with I . Colonel picker can go on with the bridegroom . Mrs. higgins go out . eliza come to the middle of the room between the centre window and the ottoman . picker join she . doolittle . bridegroom ! what a word ! it make a man realize he position , somehow . [ he take up he hat and go towards the door ] . pickering . before I go , eliza , do forgive he and come back to we . liza . I dont think papa would allow I . would you , dad ? doolittle [ sad but magnanimous ] they play you off very cun , eliza , they two sportsman . if it have be only one of they , you could have nail he . but you see , there be two ; and one of they chaperon the other , as you might say . [ to picker ] it be artful of you , Colonel ; but I bear no malice : I should have do the same myself . I be the victim of one woman after another all my life ; and I dont grudge you two get the better of eliza . I shant interfere . it 's time for we to go , Colonel . so long , Henry . see you in St. George 's , eliza . [ he go out ] . pickering [ coax ] do stay with we , eliza . [ he follow doolittle ] . liza go out on the balcony to avoid be alone with higgins . he rise and join she there . she immediately come back into the room and make for the door ; but he go along the balcony quickly and get he back to the door before she reach it . higgins . well , eliza , youve have a bit of you own back , as you call it . have you have enough ? and be you go to be reasonable ? or do you want any more ? liza . you want I back only to pick up you slipper and put up with you temper and fetch and carry for you . higgins . I havnt say I want you back at all . liza . oh , indeed . then what be we talk about ? higgins . about you , not about I . if you come back I shall treat you just as I have always treat you . I cant change my nature ; and I dont intend to change my manners . my manners be exactly the same as Colonel picker 's . liza . thats not true . he treat a flower girl as if she be a duchess . higgins . and I treat a duchess as if she be a flower girl . the question be not whether I treat you rudely , but whether you ever hear I treat anyone else better . liza [ with sudden sincerity ] I dont care how you treat I . I dont mind you swear at I . I dont mind a black eye : ive have one before this . but [ stand up and face he ] I wont be pass over . higgins . then get out of my way ; for I wont stop for you . you talk about I as if I be a motor bus . liza . so you be a motor bus : all bounce and go , and no consideration for anyone . I cant talk to you : you turn everything against I : I be always in the wrong . but you know very well all the time that your nothing but a bully . you know I cant go back to the gutter , as you call it , and that I have no real friend in the world but you and the Colonel . you know well I couldnt bear to live with a low common man after you two ; and it 's wick and cruel of you to insult I by pretend I could . you think I must go back to wimpole Street because I have nowhere else to go but father 's . but dont you be too sure that you have I under you foot to be trample on and talk down . I will marry freddy , I will , as soon as I ’m able to support he . higgins [ thunderstruck ] freddy !!! that young fool ! that poor devil who couldnt get a job as a errand boy even if he have the gut to try for it ! woman : do you not understand that I have make you consort for a king ? liza . freddy love I : that make he king enough for I . I dont want he to work : he wasnt bring up to it as I be . I will go and be a teacher . higgins . whatll you teach , in heaven 's name ? liza . what you teach I . I will teach phonetics . higgins . ha ! ha ! ha ! liza . I will offer myself as a assistant to that hairy - face hungarian . higgins [ rise in a fury ] what ! that blackmailer ! that humbug ! that toadying ignoramus ! teach he my method ! my discovery ! you take one step in he direction and I will wring you neck . [ he lay hand on she ] . do you hear ? liza [ defiantly non-resistant ] wring away . what do I care ? I know youd strike I some day . [ he let she go , stamp with rage at have forget himself , and recoil so hastily that he stumble back into he seat on the ottoman ] . aha ! now I know how to deal with you . what a fool I be not to think of it before ! you cant take away the knowledge you give I . you say I have a finer ear than you . and I can be civil and kind to people , which be more than you can . aha ! [ purposely drop she aitch to annoy he ] thats do you , enry iggins , it have . now I dont care t h a t [ snap she finger ] for you bully and you big talk . I will advertize it in the papers that you duchess be only a flower girl that you teach , and that she will teach anybody to be a duchess just the same in six month for a thousand guinea . oh , when I think of myself crawl under you foot and be trample on and call name , when all the time I have only to lift up my finger to be as good as you , I could just kick myself . higgins [ wonder at she ] you damned impudent slut , you ! but by George , eliza , I say I would make a woman of you ; and I have . I like you like this . liza . yes : you turn round and make up to I now that I be not afraid of you , and can do without you . higgins . of course I do , you little fool . five minute ago you be like a millstone round my neck . now your a tower of strength : a consort battleship . Mrs. higgins return , dress for the wedding . eliza instantly become cool and elegant . mrs . higgins . the car be wait , eliza . be you ready ? liza . quite . be the Professor come ? mrs . higgins . certainly not . he cant behave himself in church . he make remark out loud all the time on the clergyman 's pronunciation . liza . then I shall not see you again , Professor . good bye . [ she go to the door ] . mrs . higgins [ come to higgins ] good-bye , dear . higgins . good-bye , mother . [ he be about to kiss she , when he recollect something ] . oh , by the way , eliza , order a ham and a stilton cheese , will you ? and buy I a pair of reindeer glove , number eight , and a tie to match that new suit of mine , at eale & binman 's . you can choose the color . [ his cheerful , careless , vigorous voice show that he be incorrigible ] . liza [ disdainfully ] number eight be too small for you if you want they line with lamby wool . you have three new tie you have forget in the drawer of you washstand . Colonel picker prefer double gloucester to stilton ; and you dont notice the difference . I telephone Mrs pearce this morning not to forget the ham . what you be to do without I I can not imagine . [ she sweep out ] . mrs . higgins . really , neither can I . higgins . oh , she’ll come home to wimpole Street all right enough . but fancy she want to marry that young idiot freddy . can you understand it ? mrs . higgins . perfectly . after elizaus six month slavery with you freddy be just the sort of boy any girl would want to marry . but how be the poor lad to keep she ? he have no profession . higgins . picker and I will have to keep they both . he can clean we boot , I suppose . mrs . higgins . I dont believe he know how to clean he own boot , poor lad ! higgins . well . he can make love to she . I dont do that sort of thing ; and picker 's too old . mrs . higgins . do she say anything to you about set up as a teacher ? higgins [ grimly ] she do . mrs . higgins . what do you say ? higgins . I wrung she neck . mrs . higgins . Henry !! higgins . I do . freddy cant wring she neck : heus not big enough . mrs . higgins . Henry : you dont know it and cant help it ; but you be a terrible elocutionary bully . thats why eliza want the kindly little baby man whom she can bully . higgins . anyhow , he take that part of the job off we hand . [ the motor horn squawk impatiently ] . thats for you . theyre wait . mrs . higgins . oh , bother ! Goodbye , dear [ expect a kiss ] . higgins . I be go down with you . he open the door for she ; and they go out together . cut to : Mrs higginus limousine stand opposite she garden gate in cheyne walk . Inside the car be liza and freddy look out for Mrs higgins . higgins and he mother come out . he be overcoate and hatted exactly as in the first scene in covent Garden . liza disappear into the back of the limousine to allow freddy to alight and open the door for Mrs higgins . higgins [ stare at freddy ] hallo ! what the devil be y of u do here ? freddy . miss doolittle invite I . mrs . higgins . how do you do , Mr Hill ? I think you may call she eliza now . [ she get into the car ] . freddy [ still hold the car door open ] . come , Professor ? liza . no , he be not come . get in quick . we be late . freddy . by the way , Professor , thanks awfully for promise to set we up in a flower shop . her old dream , you know . a lady in a flower shop . we be most grateful . liza . sh-sh - sh , freddy . I havnt ask he yet . she pull he into the car . liza slam the door of the limousine , which drive off , leave higgins on the pavement , strand and amaze . higgins . a squash cabbage leaf ! a lady in a flower shop ! dissolve to : a vision of the past . covent Garden : a vision of the portico view from the market . liza crouching over she basket , and look she dirtiest and most wretch . higgins along , look at she . liza . poor girl ! hard enough for she to live without be worried and chivied . ought to be ashamed of himself , unmanly coward . let he mind he own business and leave a poor girl alone . the old music from the church . higgins take he hat off . the scene fade out and be replace by : a vision of the future . a florist shop in South kensington , full of fashionable customer . liza behind the counter , serve in great splendor . the name of the shopkeeper , f. hill , be visible . half the shop be stock with vegetable . freddy , in apron and mild muttonchop whisker , be serve . dreamlike silence . fade out into : Mrs higgins’s garden gate in cheyne walk . higgins stand rapt . a policewoman come along . she stop and look curiously at higgins , who be quite unconscious of she , and visibly rapt . policewoman . anything wrong , sir ? higgins [ waking up ] what ? policewoman . anything wrong , sir ? higgins [ impressively ] no : nothing wrong . a happy end . a beginning . good morning , madam . policewoman [ impressed ] good morning , sir . higgins raise he hat and stalk away majestically . the policewoman stand at attention and salute . the end