1 int . a biochemical landscape 1 a violent electrical storm . vein of light pulse outward , branching off into a spidery network of glowing interconnectedness we be inside a human brain . a pack of neuron FIRE off to the leave , and rocket they way across synapse to the optic nerve . pass the eye socket , they speed toward a silky , curvilinear membrane ( the retina ) on which we see a image project : a upside down computer screen neurons ping into the membrane : the picture suddenly flip right side up and we follow the light , flash in a blur through the iris and cornea until , exite the eye we reverse Pov and 2 ext . the world as we know it - day 2 close on a pair of eye deep deep blue . radiating more intelligence than wisdom . Inside each pupil be the reflection of a computer screen . a deferential voice sound from off camera . voice Professor pentcho ? 3 int . atomic laboratories ( professor paul pentcho ) - day3 twenty -nine , athletic , owlishly handsome . voice ( arlette ) multi-tasking again ? pentcho raise he blue eye from the computer screen and up at arlette ( 50' ) , he mannish swiss assistant . arlette we can start the descent now . 4 int . the laboratories ( moving ) - day 4 a series of shot as pentcho and arlette stride through the facility . they pass a group of green- tag visitors and they swiss -accent guide . guide two hundred foot below we be the world 's large particle accelerator ... his voice continue on overlap as they reach a hallway . guide ( oc ) ( cont 'd ) 27 kilometer in circumference , the beam pipe actually run beneath the border of Switzerland and France ... pentcho do you get that data off to braverman at Cal tech ? they be face the capsule / elevator that lead to the tunnel . arlette done . next to the elevator , two plant be die in they pot , they grow lamp off . pentcho look around , find the plug , push it into the socket . the light glow . he peer at a leaf : a tiny bug crawl across ... guide ( oc ) ... at the moment of impact the electron inside the pipe be travel six hundred sixty six million mile per -- arlette we need to progress . he break out of it , swipe he i.d. card . the capsule door whoosh open . pentcho nod at the man inside . this be jacque , he accent heavily italian . jacque hey , it be 3 - p-o ! p , p , p! professore Paulo pentcho ! pentcho that 's not a official nickname , jacque . pentcho look from jacque to arlette , who blushes . pentcho sit down in the heavily consol captain 's chair . jacque beh ! eet just tun - nel humor . the giant lab disappear from sight as they drop twenty storey below the earth . pentcho do they recalibrate the 3 k turn ? jacque nod . they hit bottom . pentcho key in data on the console computer as the capsule move laterally on a track parallel to the beam pipe , stop in front of the rf cavity , burst with a billion dollar worth of nanotechnology . pentcho ( cont 'd ) give I more angle - control on the bounce . jacque benissimo , professore . on pentcho : a little bored , man the console . pentcho Fifteen second arlette ... 5 int . pentcho' brain field - day 5 the camera surge forward into pentcho 's eye : double click we see a image draw itself on the empty ' page ' of the field : a black dot looping into a string accompany by the follow think text : " ... two spatially separate particle will irresistibly attract ... " mouse click - a woman' face wide - set brown eye brim with emotion . a hint of a song play somewhere in the bg . mouse click to the previous ' page ' where the loop have form into a sheet move through space , follow by the float think text : " ... until the force of the collision fuse they into ... " pentcho' voice ten , nine , eight ... mouse click - Pov : looking straight down at the brown - eyed woman , she face dreamy , she body naked beneath silk sheet . pull back : she 's float on a enormous Renaissance mural - a wedding scene - that be a bedroom floor . off in the corner , pentcho sit hunch over a clunky laptop , he finger dance , dervish - like , across the keyboard . pentcho' voice ( cont 'd ) four , three , two ... woman then goodbye ... crack ! suddenly , the woman drift away . pentcho look up : there eye lock with longing as : 6 int . the capsule console - same time 6 pentcho 's finger depress the start button . 7 int . particle accelerator - day 7 as we follow the pulse signal from the keyboard to the cpu , across the local area network to the mainframe in the rf cavity , send its own signal into the beam pipe , where two soon - to - be accelerate electron be release , like horse bolt from the same start gate , but in opposite direction . the roller -coaster ride begins . Pov - one light infused electron blasting through the beam pipe like a comet , fuse inside of a looping , twenty seven kilometer single lane race track . whooosh ! as the electron accelerate , so too do the sound , rush to gut splitting , ear wrenching DB be . head around the turn , it barrel straight into the path of the second electron on its own speed - of light power surge . here come the impact point ... but screeeeech ! what disc brake might sound like , slam to the floor of a vehicle travel six hundred sixty six million mile per hour . suddenly the electron have stop , suspended , its phosphorescent glow train like a spotlight on : pentcho - extreme close up the dual computer screen reflect out of he pupil , again . a voice speak from nowhere , sonorous and pack with reverb : female voice what do you want ? the camera surge into pentcho 's eye as the brain field open to the sound of a nine alarm fire . ding ding ding ding ding ! the think text march by in giant , attention - get letter : " electron don't talk ! " female voice ( cont ) ( cont 'd ) what do you want , paul ? more think text scroll by on the field , now in red letter : " I be have a psychotic episode . " the field collapse back into pentcho , ashen -face , watch he computer screen , and see : the cursor ( electron ) blink . jacque' voice Impact ! suddenly , we be back inside the pipe , hurtling toward kabloom ! the sub - atomic explosion a particle meteor shower of magnificent proportion . they glow and charge off and disappear , as the law of e=mc2 take visual flight inside this billion dollar kaleidoscope . 8 int . airplane in 1st CLASS ( on pentcho ) - day 8 stare out the window , not really see the cloud as we surge into he eye and click 9 int . the brain field ( popping OPEN ) - day 9 stack up windowlike flashback with startling ferocity . the glow electron - click - arlette : " multi-task again ? " click - the capsule door close - click - " you be have a psychotic episode " - click - the echo of the electron 's voice : " what do you want , paul ? " 10 int . the airplane ( pentcho ) - day 10 put down a drink glass on the tray table of the seat next to he . place headphone onto he ear . fiddle with the music channel : country , stand - up , classical ... stays put on a mozart concerto . he gaze back out at the cloud , fail to notice that he drink glass be moving slide slowly across the tray table . it stop near the edge and wait , as pentcho look up from the window . as he head drift back toward the cloud outside the glass move across the tray table in the other direction 11 ext . san francisco INTERNATIONAL airport - day 11 pentcho 's plane touch down . 12 int . a red volkswagen beetle - drive 12 on the freeway , head for Berkeley , in eternal rush hour . stop , go , sixty mile per hour , then five , then thirty . pentcho drive , distract , stare at he own eye reflect in the rear view mirror . the camera surge in : click 13 int . flashback - airplane - day 13 it 's pentcho himself , on the airplane , listen to mozart . in the foreground , the tray table and glass . in the bg , he eye fix aimlessly on the cloud outside . suddenly , pentcho 's face split into two dimension one stay focus forward , while the second one turn to the side and watch in amazement as the glass slide across the OPEN tray table suddenly a horn blare , and crash ! 14 int / ext . the beetle ( pentcho ) - day 14 slam into the car in front of he , trigger slow motion effect a three car collision with pentcho in the middle , a object lesson in physics see from ten different camera angle : screech crunch crunch bumper crumple , metal tear , human molecule SNAP forward . pop pop pop ! like gunfire , bullet airbag clamp the driver ' head back against they headrest . 15 int . pentcho' brain - day 15 the field rock sideways , in total overload , so flood with message that each one be undecipherable . 16 ext . the freeway accident site - day 16 the three car form a tangle metal sculpture . incredibly , as pentcho himself see , they be all red vw beetle . he sit in a daze . a man 's voice interrupt , scale up into a shout . voice what the hell be you think ? what ? I want to know ! what ?!! this be will ( 30' ) , a scratch over one eye , peer in at pentcho , still behind the air bag / steering wheel , craning he stiffening neck forward and back at the crumpled row of red automobile . he blink , then answer in a eerie voice . pentcho probability of this happen , same make , model , color and year be less likely than the proof for the existence of God . will ( seethe ) sorry I ask . ( beat ) you get insurance ? 17 ext . the freeway site ( light rain be falling ) - day 17 a tow truck back up to pentcho 's car . he stand , daze , off on the shoulder , luggage next to he . his eye drift toward will , give instruction into he cell phone . will up the ramp . yeah ... I will -- ( he turn ) there you be ! see I ? see ? they will not let you in ? just walk ... here I be . he wave at a red dodge durango on the street below . pentcho stare idly at the durango as we 18 int . pentcho' brain - ( music on overlap ) 18 the picture be blurry but the song clear . singer's voice I know this world be kil ... ling you ... click - the picture sharpens on a man and a woman , making love on a big brocade couch . they body rock in unison , face unseen . singer's voice ( cont 'd ) my aim be true-ooooh . the field collapse close upon : 19 ext . the freeway accident site - day 19 a woman from the durango be approach , as will , back on the phone , argue with he boss . will I will be there , trent . yes. 20 minute -- click . will redden , see the sunglass face of the woman , look past he and over to pentcho , signing the tow truck papers . the batter front end of he beetle crank upward . will ( cont 'd ) son-of -a-bitch . as if it be my fault I get rear-end by ... the woman stare , curiously , at pentcho . will ( cont 'd ) ... some schmuck dream about god. Mia ? she do not hear he . take off she sunglass , slowly . Wide - set brown eye . woman Paul ...? finish now with the tow truck driver . his head turn . she move closer . will 's voice protest from the bg . will voice Mia ... on pentcho - seeing her , really , for the first time 20 int . pentcho' brain - ( present day mia ) 20 overlap by another photograph that slowly come into focus - top third , middle third , bottom - like a downloading Internet image from he personal file . it's mia , younger , the same wide - set dark eye pentcho 's heartbeat pound louder , drown out the whisper : mia then goodbye ... 21 ext . the freeway accident site ( back to reality ) - day 21 they lock into a stare , the molecule around they swirl with emotion . barely audible : pentcho less likely than the existence of God . Mia brushes back a strand of hair . bite she lip . pentcho ( cont 'd ) I have be dream about you . mia Day or night ? pentcho lose himself in she brown eye . pentcho both . atom be vibrate , interchang by the billion . another voice get in the way . will be voice mi . pentcho be that you ... mia no. ( beat ) not yet . she shift she weight from one slim leg to the other . pentcho could we go somewhere ? mia I be head out of town . pentcho ( deep breath ) okay . Mia do a tiny double - take . it 's very sexy . mia what ? pentcho I could go out of town . Mia laugh . this be so preposterous . mia could you ? pentcho ( nodd ) where to ? mia a place you have never be . pentcho that 's the physicist 's playground . 22 ext . adventure wilderness store - day 22 will slam the durango door shut and stalk into the store . 23 ext . heading to xanadu ( a series of intercut ) - day 23 as the durango motor into the alpine landscape . Mia turn , look at she former lover . he stare back , smile . mia why be I do this ? pentcho it 's a experiment . Mia turn onto a private road . a mansion appear in the distance , crest the hill . 23a ext / int . xanadu - night 23a a massive wooden door . Mia hold a flashlight , slip a oversize key into the lock and turn . Pov : through the doorway a enormous hall . scaffold rise from the stone floor . forty foot high wall be drape in thick sheet of plastic . they enter like thief . 23 b int . xanadu - a short time later 23 b Mia stand on top of a eight foot riser . pentcho pass up harness and rope to she outstretch hand . mia we flop the first time out . pentcho at the sub-atomic level , particle obey they own logic . they connect in unimaginable way . Mia sling the gear over she shoulder . look very much in she element . mia and you think this be relevant to we relationship ? pentcho start he own climb up the scaffold . reaches the first plank . pentcho could be . mia ( wryly ) what universe be you in , Paul ? pentcho a quantum one . 23 c int . a higher scaffolding - a short time later 23 c pentcho clip a safety line to he belt . the two of they wear yellow hardhat and climb harness . they suddenly kick off the scaffold and dangle twenty five foot above the stone floor . Hand over fist , they start to ascend , hoist themselves up the tug rope . pentcho the shorthand be , when you send electron through space , it 's impossible to say precisely what they be : particle or wave . they spin around slowly like top as they hoist themselves up . pentcho ( cont 'd ) they come into be as one or the other at the moment we observe they . his word echo off the giant wall . pentcho ( cont 'd ) nothing be real until it 's perceive . mia the buddhist have be say that for a millennium . pentcho how ? Mia reach a electric box , hang a yard below the ceiling . mia baby , reality be what you choose to make it . she flip the switch . a set of light flare on . pentcho swallow a breath . in awe . pentcho god. we see what he sees : a giant renaissance -style fresco cover the entire ceiling . flock of angel fly above a goddess . cherub . heralds . pentcho 's face flush . he 's exhilated . she take note : mia but only if you live you life that way . if you experience every moment as discovery . pentcho 's already there . he kick he leg out . joyride on the tug rope , arcing back and forth like a mad pendulum . pentcho Mia ! you be restore heaven with dab of paint . you be bring new order to the universe . she beam from he excitement . mia I always say we be in the same business ... his wayward motion swing he straight into her . they lock arm . the rope shudder . pentcho if you be right , we have a chance . ( beat ) to be together . pentcho reach out to kiss she . do not see that they collision have jogge the clutch on he harness rope . now it open all the way . whoosh ! in a instant , he 's grip air , falling at the speed of Newton 's discovery . he hurtle downward in slow motion . there 's a SOUND rush in behind he , the rumble of a mega-earthquake . pentcho catch a glimpse up over he shoulder : the angel , the goddess , Mia , all of it have be sucked out of existence ... as pentcho 's eye stare for a millisecond at the void . nothingness . nada . and then he 's falling again , accelerate toward he own last particle collision , when a voice murmur from somewhere . voice ( oc ) I be not do . thwack ! the safety line hold , dangle pentcho a meter above the stone floor . 23d int . xanadu - some time later 23d they camp on old couch cushion , side by side , stare up at the illuminate fresco . pentcho be bruise , batter , vulnerable . pentcho when I be a kid I use to snap my head back like a gunfighter on the draw , hope to catch a glimpse behind I . Mia prop she head up on one elbow . mia of what ? on the fresco : a chorus of angel pentcho God . I dunno . the eternal nothingness . Mia . it 's a plea . she turn , stare directly into he eye . pentcho ( cont 'd ) the universe be snap my head back . I be lose my focus . Mia 's face fill with light . her best smile . mia welcome , Paul . welcome . she trace a line from he forehead to the bridge of he nose , quote yeat ( from " the second come " ) as a celebration : mia ( cont 'd ) " thing fall apart ; the center will not hold . mere anarchy be loose upon the world . " he pull she close to he . they lie , spoon together , breathe in unison , gaze up at the paint heaven . a firefly enter from outside , flutter in the air above they , blush a trace line of yellow light . pentcho a electron speak to I yesterday . ( beat ) I swear . Mia try to suppress a giggle . can not . mia what do it want ? pentcho that 's what it ask I . " what do you want ? " I do not answer . I be in the middle of a experiment . mia like now ? he hesitates , then surrender to the fact . pentcho yes . the firefly dance above they . pentcho sit up ( and away from she ) . mock serious : pentcho ( cont 'd ) do you know electron have lover ? Mia note he distance . face he , cross-legged . mia no. I do not . ( dryly ) I be listen . pentcho Inside every semi-conductor ... you have two particle , with opposite charge , separate by a impassable barrier ... she look , see he disappear into he head . pentcho ( cont 'd ) a strip of silicon , which for you and I would be like ... the vulnerability be go . and Mia , with it . mia she 's in L.A. , he 's in the Bay area -- pentcho ( plow ahead ) a five hundred foot thick steel wall . but the connection between this two electron be so -- mia dysfunctional -- pentcho that they tunnel , magically , through any obstacle , defy the practical law of physics , in order to end up together -- mia and glow happily ever after . silence . the story hang between they like a fog . mia ( cont 'd ) do not science I paul. ( beat ) what do you want ? on pentcho' face : it 's blank . mia look up at the angel , close she eye , turn away . ( omit scene 24 , 25 , 26 , 27 , 28 ) 29 ext . CITY STREET - early morning 29 the durango pull up , stop . pentcho get deposit on the curb . barely close the door before the car speed away . he look up . see the sign on the bus stop bench : " love never fail " corinthian 13:8 30 ext . the BAY area - day 30 Storm cloud gather over the ocean . 31 ext . the berkeley hill - pouring rain 31 a taxi stop in front of a two story cottage , look abandon in the wet weather . pentcho walk out , pass he dent vw beetle in the driveway . ascend a flight of brick step to the : 32 int . pentcho' cottage - entering 32 a alternately stark and cluttere space , less live in than occupy by a man on the run between he office and he mind . rivulets of water run from a open window , across a large desk , and down onto the wood floor . pentcho scan around , unfaze . locate a towel . mop up . dry off the computer and keyboard . bag still on he shoulder , he fire up the machine and log on the computer screen e-mail . lot of it . hundred and hundred of message scrolling by on the screen . he turn away , see he own rain soak clothes form a puddle on the floor . lightning cascade across the sky , visible through the large bay window behind the desk . pentcho 's eye stray back to the screen still scrolling e-mail message as the thunder follow almost immediately . crack ! he look up : vein of light pulse outward , branching into a spidery network of glowing interconnectedness a voice sound from somewhere non-local : voice ( oc ) Paul ? pauly ? pentcho lean toward the glass , look out as we reverse Pov : a single lightning bolt descend from the heaven on its own speed - of light path straight at ... whomp ! it strike the beetle dead on -- ( slow motion ) -- scorching the roof . reverse Pov : on pentcho - pupil dilate as we surge inward to 33 int . pentcho' brain - ( open on ) night 33 a older man wild , white Einstein hair . he clutch suddenly at he chest , like a heart attack victim . his lip call out , but no voice follow . he fade , ominously , to black at the sound of 34 ext . the sky - ( roaring thunder ) day 34 pentcho blink once , he face illuminate by a dozen flash of lightning . he touch he finger to the glass : a second lightning bolt descend on the exact same path toward ... kaboom ! the red beetle . a plume of smoke rise out of the puncture roof . 35 ( omit ) 35 36 ( omit ) 36 37 int . the airplane - night 37 pentcho sit in he window seat , stare at the open tray table next to he . there 's a glass . it do not move . 37 a ext . stock shot - landing in lax 37a the plane touch down . we see the landmark spider-restaurant . 38 ext . car rental facility - night 38 pentcho cross the lot with the rent -a- car employee . employee rented every last ve-hicle . ' cept one . pentcho I will take it . it 's a red 2000 beetle . 39 ext . the 110 freeway - night 39 the sign say : " Hollywood - North . Long Beach , San pedro - South . " 40 ext . san pedro / house - night 40 the rain have stop . the red bug park in front of a grand house gone to seed . ditto the neighborhood . a 7 - eleven sign blink on the corner . pentcho walk up the crack sidewalk to a sagging wooden porch . look for sign of life . a light . something . he push on the front door . lock . rummages through he key ring in the dark . slide one into the top lock . wo not turn . tries another key . get stick . he pull it out . press he face close against the window . tire screech . police siren blare . pentcho turn , he eye light by the flash bubble light . 41 int . the brain field - popping OPEN on 41 the einstein man crumple on the floor , hand still clutching he chest . the screen collapse at the sound of 42 ext . house ( voice shout from the corner ) - night 42 foreign voice , jabber at high speed . policeman bark back on loudspeaker . Walkie-talky . pentcho rap on the glass . he 's frantic . harder now . a thunk sound from inside . or be it ? he pick one last key out in the glare of the blue light . jam it in the lock . twist and 43 int . the house - pentcho 43 burst into the darken foyer . his foot catch on a thick doormat . he sprawls forward as a gunshot erupt above he head he drop , convulse with fear . snap he head back to see : the einstein man ( alexander ) in bathrobe and slipper , hand shaking around a shotgun . alexander Paul ... pauly ... pentcho struggle to breathe . staccato : pentcho I ... I think you be dead . Alexander drop the gun . in shock , a whisper : alexander I must be . 44 int . bar area ( a tea kettle whistle ) - night 44 Alexander , recompose , march to the burner . there 's anger in he every movement . restlessness . this be no feeble old man . he pour tea like he be fill shot glass . double . alexander look at I . pentcho stir in a lump of sugar first . raise he eye . alexander ( cont 'd ) ( contemptuous ) " Alexander the great . " he lift a kitchen chair , spin it around , straddle the back . alexander ( cont 'd ) 22 I build the first machine to transfer digital bit over a land line . I write the tcp / ip protocol before thirty . this mind ( tapping he temple ) , the one and only , be obgyn at the birth of the Internet . and where have it take I ? he shoot upright . peer out the row of double sash window , cover by impenetrable iron grate . alexander ( cont 'd ) to isolation . to a armed camp . to a biblical spoof of a craze father fire a gun at he only son . pentcho you take any medication ? Alexander 's eye flare in anger . alexander do not waste it pauly . this be not a everyday talk . just input the information and ask relevant question . one : how do a celebrate life of the mind bring I ( pull the gun out ) to this particular switch station ? pentcho dad ... he shove the shotgun into a open trash can . alexander two : what if I do not miss ? pentcho you do . alexander spare I you classical answer . measurement in . result take . what if I do not miss ? pentcho you do miss -- alexander -- what if you seven and a half precious liter be downloading over the parquet floor ? what then ? ( softer ) what do you life mean ? ( beat ) who do you nurture , pauly ? who do you love ? pentcho shift , uncomfortably , in he seat . ditto Alexander 's mood . he do a startling one - eighty into nonchalance . alexander ( cont 'd ) what be she name ? pentcho Excuse I ??? alexander what be she name ? the one I meet . Alexander reach out a finger , touch the dab of paint on pentcho 's forehead . pentcho Mia ...? alexander yes .... he rub the paint between he finger . alexander ( cont 'd ) the restorer ... now he wander off , disappear into the dark . on pentcho : wire , incredulous , heart thump thump thumping . he call out after he father . pentcho I need some air . ( beat ) do not shoot I . alexander's voice ( oc ) good night . int . alexander's house - a short time later pentcho pace in front of the open window , stop . he turn to walk out , be surprised by alexander stand in the dark . alexander we have be kid ourselves , pauly . until you look for it , it do not even exist . 45 ext . san pedro wharf - night 45 pentcho slog down the wharf . running from it . look for it . past homeless people slip in and out of the shadow . he snap he head back over he shoulder , see a old woman play the accordian . she stop . her eye bore in on he own . old woman you would have a son with I ... pentcho blink . the woman be suddenly fifty year younger : young old woman ... and he name would be hope . 46 int . pentcho' brain - ( a mathematical formula ) 46 number fly up on the field , be inscribe , erase , consider and measure . pentcho 's own voice be hear on overlap : pentcho' voice " if you could look back fast enough , at near to the speed of light , then there would be no reality behind you , because it have not yet be create -- 47 ext . the wharf - ( a foghorn ) night 47 bellows in the dark . pentcho twist he head forward , spot : a pink neon heart blink above a tatto parlor . his eye lock on , see the heart glowing bigger and bigger , its electric pulse mimice the beat of a real organ . closer still - on pentcho running from it . look for it . he stop dead in he track , try one last time to play gunfighter with the quantum reality : he snap he head back over he shoulder and we see he , make the same move , from four different camera angle : from he left , he right , from the top of he head , and look up from ground zero as he finally win the draw . the rumble of a mega-earthquake be unleash . here it come , roll in with a giant whooshing SOUND ... Pov pentcho : watching reality sucked out of existence the ship , the dock , the harbor obliterated by a onrush , transparent cloud of nothingness , emptiness , a tabula rasa superimpose upon the disappear wharf . on pentcho , falling to he knee hammer by he own victory , numb from shock and ecstasy , stare into the void as we surge forward 48 int . the brain field 48 it 's completely blank , just like the void . the vital be flatline . a single piece of think text float across the emptiness , almost like a screen saver : say uncle .... say uncle ... 49 ext . the wharf - ( a voice ) - night 49 voice uncle , hey ... a face , peer down at pentcho . the face belong to the magic man , in a mad hatter hat , and a potpourri of find item clothing . like a Baptist preacher on he sidewalk pulpit : magic man can you feel it , uncle ? can you feel it right down to you bone ?! on pentcho : extreme close up Inside each pupil be the reflection of the neon heart . we pull back on pentcho 's face . calm . serene . pentcho yes. ( beat ) yes I can . 50 ext . alexander's house - night 50 pentcho turn the key , effortlessly open the front door . int . upstair house - a ornate tile shower - night he stand beneath the stream of hot water , cleanse himself of a day that begin a very long time ago . int . the guest bedroom - night pentcho dress , take in the smell and texture of fresh clothes against he body . he sit down on the bed . see a clock . 5:00 a.m. tug up one of the double sash window that face the 7 - eleven . voice rise from the parking lot . pentcho stretch out on the musty bedspread , eye on the carve plaster ceiling . suddenly , float up through the open window : woman' voice what do you want ?! pentcho crane he head . woman' voice ( cont 'd ) tell I ! now ! now ! the old sash fall shut . boom . it 's like a dam burst inside he , only the flood be laughter that start deep in he belly , as a giggle , then a chuckle that cascade upward and out into enormous guffaw . the sound rock the house . pentcho 's smile be a mile wide . his eye sparkle , then tear up as the front doorbell ring he jump off the bed , and bound down the stair . 53 int . the front hall - night 53 Alexander 's already there , ushere mia inside to : 54 int . the live room - at the moment that 54 pentcho arrive . he stop , incredulous , at the sight of she . alexander guess who 's come to dinner . Mia jump right in . to pentcho : mia I do not want to leave thing the way we do . not this time . pentcho wait . I want to tell you something . he take she arm , steering she away from Alexander , into the live room . she stop cold at the sight of the mural . mia I have be dream about this . pentcho ( excited ) then you get it . you will understand . mia what ? his face have the look of the little boy who have just stumble upon the pirate 's treasure . pentcho I know what I want . I let go , and a second later you materialize at the door . you see ? close on pentcho feel the feeling . pentcho ( cont 'd ) Mia . I can create reality . ( beat ) I can choose to love you with all my heart . tear pool along the rim of she eye . she stare straight at he , hide nothing . mia you know that people who will not be photograph because they be afraid you be steal they soul ...? ( long beat ) I come to take back my picture . the one I keep leave with you . his heart deflate . his voice follow . barely audible : pentcho why ? mia so I can move on . you too . a horn blare from outside . mia ( cont 'd ) be who you be , Paul . I love who you be . I do . she turn and run out the front door . 55 ext . alexander's house - second later - night 55 Mia run down to the curb where where boyfriend will hold open the passenger door of the red durango . mia' voice I will drive . she circle the car , disappear behind the wheel . will get in he side . on the front porch pentcho , agitate , push open the door . Alexander 's already outside , watch Mia motor off . he turn , stare at he son . alexander do you want to think about it some more ? pentcho sprint down to the curb . jump into the beetle . the headlight flash on in the pre-dawn night . 56 int . the durango ( drive ) - night 56 Mia grip the wheel with two hand . will feign nonchalance . will you okay ? she nod . barely . they merge onto the highway . 57 int . the beetle ( drive ) - night 57 pentcho grip the wheel . eye focus . we surge into 58 int . pentcho' brain field - open on 58 pearl , playing out , looping into a string whose shape recall the original brain field . think text scroll below , accompany now by pentcho 's own inner voice . voice and text each part of physical reality be construct of all the other part ... extreme close - up , on a single pearl inside of which , the entire strand be reflect . voice and text ( cont 'd ) a web of connection create by the interdependence of all thing ... the field collapse back into : 59 int . mia in the durango ( drive ) - night 59 eye on the rear view mirror , as a horn blare from the entrance to the Long Beach bridge . she re-check the mirror , fill with bob headlight beam . one beam lock on , straight into the center of the glass , blind she for a split second . she blink . gasp to herself as the beam seem to lift out of her mirror and train its phosphorescent glow on : mia - extreme close up the point of light reflect out of she pupil . pentcho' voice speak from nowhere , sonorous and pack with reverb : pentcho' voice what do you want ? Mia blink again . the beam be go . she look over at will , oblivious , check he watch . back on mia the understanding flooding she eye as she snap her head back ( just like pentcho the gunfighter ) and we see she make she move from four different camera angle , from she leave , right , up above , and from the back seat of the car as the rumble of a mega -earthquake whooshes by ... Pov mia : the bridge , the car , the BAY all suck out of existence until nothing remain but the void . nothingness . nada . crash ! 60 int . the durango ( slamming into the car ahead ) - night 60 trigger a chain reaction of vehicle fish- tailing across the bridge . in quick succession come a stream of image : the pearl collide ... Mia and will exchange a look ... traffic halting on the bridge ... will get scorched by the man they plow into ... Mia , exite she side , look back behind her ... pentcho , ditching he beetle , ten car length south ... he run forward , straight down the path of a tunnel - like headlight beam . mia pick up speed , churn from the other direction . pull back : from the bridge as the two of they move toward the same point . suddenly , tiny spark of light glow and jump from portion of the bridge cable . slow motion : pentcho and mia glide still closer . a voice sound : voice Impact ! they body connect , arm intertwine , lip touch lip ... pull back - higher it 's like a plug in the socket of the physical landscape lighting the entire electromagnetic spectrum every cell line , radio wave , satellite feed , fiber - optic cable , all stretch in every possible direction from bridge to sea to sky pulsing outward into a spidery network of glowing interconnectedness . the end