int . common room - early morning letitia davis , 70' , seat at a piano . the score in front of she be the brindisi from LA traviata , which she be check . she start to play . felicity liddle , 70 's , page turner , be stand nearby . reveal bobby swanson , 70 's , conductor , gesture and whisper musical term . all we may hear be - bobby ( whisper ) .-.. allegretto - she start again . music continue throughout credit - int . anne langley 's room - early morning a finger stir gargle into a glass of water . the glass be then raise to the mouth of anne langley , 70 , soprano . she take a mouthful and gargle . while vocalise , the piano kick into a orchestration of the brindisi , which continue - int . sanitorium - early morning a caribbean nurse's hand ( dwayne , 20' / 30 's ) bandage a female leg , ( octavia , 70' , chorus ) . she sit ina wheelchair , hold the score , mouth the word in italian . music continue - int . swimming pool - early morning cecily ( cissy ) robson , 70 , contralto , bosomy and bountiful , walk the width of the swim pool rotate she arm . sheryl , 30' , nurse , stand nearby . cissy have a CD player above water , cord around she neck , while listen to the brindisi with earphone on , move she lip . as she emerge from the pool , sheryl help she don a bathrobe . music continue - int . FITNESS room —- early morning wilfred ( wilf ) bond , 70 , baritone , and a few resident , be do yoga . wilf mouth the score he 's hold , while be stretch by a female nurse , tracy , 30 's , all the while appreciate she form . music continue - int . leo 's room —- early morning a male hand ( leo' , 70 's ) draw a bow across a single string of a cello . the string be tightened . the bow be draw again . better . music continue - int . cedric be room - early morning cedric livingstone , 70' , former counter - tenor , opera director and self - proclaim critic , apply rouge to he cheek , complete he otherwise light street make -up . he powder , while check the score next to he . he check the time , 7.40 be , rise in he dress gown , cross to he closet and select a caftan from he wall - to - wall collection . music continue - int . reggie' room - early morning reginald ( reggie ) paget , 70' , tenor , trim , fit , half - moon glass on the end of he nose , hold the score , vocalise , while stand in front of a mirror adjust he cravat . music continue - int . olly fisher 's room - early morning olly fisher , 70' , clarinettist . he tighten a reed onto he mouthpiece , practice a phrase , grimace . olly stop mid - phrase . orchestration halt . silence . he inhale and exhales with great concentration . overlap nobby chatter - ext . beecham house - morning nobby , gardener , 50ish , drink coffee and talk to simon , 20 , while push a wheelbarrow fill with weed alongside beecham house . we might pick up a word or two of what he 's say . simon follow he direction . nobby continue to chatter as he point to a brick or stone . simon pick it up and bring it to he . nobby practice a curl , put it in the wheelbarrow . he continue to walk next to the house , a handsome mansion . mysterious and invite . nobby hear letitia in the common room , practice the brindisi . he look in , see vaguely and slightly distort , people milling about , find seat , faint chatter . int . common room - morning the 30 or so elderly opera singers of beecham House take they seat , include octavia , in a wheelchair , aid by sheryl . some hold score . among they reggie , cissy , wilf , GEORGE and harry . some musician carry they instrument - tony rose , 70 's trumpet and dave trubeck , 70 's pianist , daphne morgan , 60' , harpist , leo cassel , cellist , and cedric . dr . lucy cogan , 30' , attractive , sit on the side , with anne langley . cedric , seat on a throne - like chair , nod to bobby . all eye on bobby . he tap a pencil , raise it , nod to letitia . felicity , beside she , nervous , as she prepare to turn the page . letitia play the introduction to the brindisi . bobby cue the chorus . no - one sing . some resident be amused , other confuse . bobby whisper to letitia . watch , eye narrow , cedric , not happy . bobby again cue the resident and they begin to sing . they give it they all . during this , felicity fumble turn a page . letitia , irritate , nod repeatedly . felicity recover . at the end , bobby finish with a flourish , then turn to cedric . all look at he expectantly . he keep they wait , then : cedric nowhere near to where you should be , Bobby . bobby nod , continue . cedric ( cont 'd ) ( look to wilf in the chorus ) wilf , I could not work out what you be do , you be much too fast and we have awful ensemble problem there . can we hear it from bar 42 ? letitia and felicity , flustered , look for it in the score . bobby alert , cue they . wilf ( take the mickey , sing a tad and stop ) it 's too fast Bobby . sorry cedric. ( start again , stop ) too slow Bobby . sorry cedric. ( start again , stop ) now it 's too fast Bobby . sorry cedric . some chorus member giggle . cedric silenzio . you never follow the conductor , do you ? you always think you be superior . wilf I be . nigel , 70' , baritone , sing the phrase that cedric request . wilf stare he down as cedric smile . cedric thank you , Nigel . Lotte , in bar 17 , 18 , 19 , you be flat . lotte no , I do not think I be . I think the piano need tuning . cedric ( look at anne langley ) Anne , would you mind sing it ? anne langley ( as she 's get up ) I do not do chorus , cedric. ( walk toward the door ) I be go to have my breakfast . cedric ( watch she go , turn to cissy ) cissy , you be still not certain of the word . we only have a month and a half - wilf ( mischievously ) that 's six week , be not it , Reggie ? reggie ( cedric give they a hard look ) yes , six week , three day - wilf - one hour - reggie give or take a minute - wilf and second out ! cissy try to untangle she earphone . cedric ( enunciate each word ) cissy - please - pay - attention . cissy ready . cedric ( sarcastically ) of course you be . ( more ) cedric ( cont 'd ) will all member of the gala Committee - and remember that include you , cissy - please note that there 's a emergency meeting at twelve noon sharp ! I do not use the adjective , '' emergency , '' lightly . I will start as the hour strike . he totter out on he ivory cane motion to bobby to follow he . much chatter . cissy do not forget to remind I , Reggie - reggie I will set the alarm . as reggie set he watch , octavia start to sing . her voice be remarkably strong but at one point , she forget the word , and substitute '' dee-dee - dee -dee . '' she stop , embarrassed . the other singer remain respectful . int . dine room - morning the resident be eat they breakfast . some be be serve coffee . dwayne dole out pill to various resident . sheryl , sit next to octavia . two Polish waitress , marta and eva , chat in Polish to each other as they clear . they start to clear the plate of daphne morgan who be finish she porridge . at she table be tony rose and dave . daphne wait , wait ! ( take another two mouthful then push the bowl towards they ) thank you . eva and marta , unphase , continue chat in Polish and move on to other table , pass anne langley and then GEORGE , chorus . GEORGE be observe a argument go on at a table next to a window where reggie and cissy be sit , she earphone by she side . at the only other table by the window sit cedric , letitia , and bobby . cissy glance out the window . it 's the chorus versus . the soloist . harry be stand between reggie and a empty chair ( wilf 's ) . harry make a few attempt to move the chair to seat himself , but reggie hold firmly with one hand and one leg , as he continue to do the telegraph crossword . the follow argument should be overlap - GEORGE ( from the other table ) you can not save seat , reg ! reggie ignore GEORGE , hold fast to the chair with one leg and one hand while he continue to do the crossword . harry ( try to pull the seat ) you soloist come in and just sing a few arias . we sing the entire bloody opera . reggie ( pull back ) you may be on stage the entire time , but you be not actually sing , you be just stand in the back . harry begin to argue back and reggie override he . reggie ( cont ’d ) ( indicate people at he table ) why now , Harry ? we have be sit at this table for as long as I have be here . wilf have enter the dining room , support by he cane , wave to other as he go toward he table . harry exactly my point ! if this place shut down in six month , which it bloody well could - ( he look at other in the room ) I want to be able to look back and remember I have a fuck window seat ! as wilf reach the table , a few cheer from GEORGE and other chorus resident seat at they table . wilf Excuse I . he move the empty chair over and sit in it with difficulty , hold he cane . harry go back to he table , sit , start to take he pill . anne langley I could have have a window seat , but I much prefer to sit by myself . cissy , a bit unnerve , put she earphone on . harry you can not deny it , wilf , soloist would be nothing without we . wilf if I hear that again , Harry , I may stick a fork up you jacksy . GEORGE ( sit next to harry ) he 's right , wilf . wilf anybody get a fork ? GEORGE you know he be - wilf make that two fork . angelique , 20 , french , have bring wilf a full English breakfast . he be get he usual special treatment from angelique as other plate be get clear . wilf ( cont 'd ) merci , angelique . have you do something new to you hair ? angelique no . it 's the same . I just put fringe in front . wilf I love you fringe in front . reggie look up from he paper . angelique extra slice fry bread this morning and you favourite - ( place jam on he tray ) - apricot jam . reggie lower he paper and look steelily at angelique . angelique ( cont 'd ) Dr. cogan she say too much of the sugar be bad for you , but I know you like very much . same for Madame langley . with a wink , she nod in the direction of anne langley , who sit at a nearby table eat delicately . wilf you be a angel , angelique . c’est magnifique . vous fancy a rumpy - pumpy cette soiree , angelique ? angelique qu ’est que c’est '' rumpy pumpy '' ? wilf angelique , be we get marry or not ? I need you answer . angelique ( use to it ) bon appetit ! she go . reggie lower he paper , stare at she . cissy look out of the window . cedric , at the next table , lean over and tap she . she remove she earphone and look at cedric . cissy ready . cedric cissy , remember , the emergency meeting be at twelve noon . precisely . cissy nod , turn back , put earphone on . reggie ( turn to cedric ) cedric , it 's breakfast time . cedric motion towards cissy 's back . he rotate he finger indicate cissy be unbalance . wilf cedric ! chill ! hullo or bonjour , look — he point to the window . dr . cogan be speak urgently to tadek , as they walk past the window . tadek carry a window squeegee and a cloth . wilf watch they . ext . drive , beecham house - wilf 's Pov - day a people carrier be in the driveway . on the side of the vehicle : beecham house home for retired musician dr . cogan leave . tadek clean the window . he get in the van and start it . int . dine room - day all look out the window . wilf ( to reggie ) do not you say today 's the day ? cissy what 's today ? reggie ( to cissy ) tadek set off to fetch the new arrival . GEORGE at least now we ’1ll know who it be . cissy ( excited ) what ? what ? be there to be a new arrival ? wilf cissy , we have be talk about it for day . cissy have I ? have we ? then who be it ? how do you know it 's today ? GEORGE they have only send the van for a star . anne langley they send a private car with a chauffeur for I . 10 harry when I come I have to pay for my own taxi . wilf it 's the replacement for poor old laurence timm . dear oh dear , I do miss he . ( they eat ) but I 'il tell you this , I never know a man to fart like laurence . reggie wilf , please . concerned that it will offend cissy , reggie look at she . but to he dismay , cissy be smile , enjoy wilf 's story . wilf that man could fart at will - reggie please , I be eat my breakfast . wilf I be not make this up reg . - he would get down on the floor on all four , go into a meditative state , until he entire body relaxed . at which point he could actually inhale and exhale through he anal canal - reggie willllf !! cissy see nobby in the garden . wilf notice cissy watch nobby . wilf - and when he exhale , it come out as a crepitation . that 's what he call it . what a gentleman ! his record be one hundred and thirty - seven crepitation in a row . reggie ( resign ) I give up . 11 wilf ( to cissy , teasing ) cissy , will I do instead of nobby for a quick one in the long grass ? cissy , continue to listen to she CD , turn back to she breakfast but she napkin fall from she lap . wilf be about to retrieve it but do not , so that cissy have to lean down , revealing she ample cleavage . wilf observe cissy be bosom while put apricot jam on he toast . wilf ( cont ’d ) May I tell you , cissy , in all honesty , that you still have the most beautiful tit I have ever see ? cissy find she napkin , sit up , triumphant , smile . wilf ( cont 'd ) ( take a bite of he toast . ) in fact , you whole body cause I to pulsate with lust . she smile , blithely , as reggie glare at wilf be toast . wilf ( cont ’d ) ( to reggie ) pass the apricot jam , old son - reggie control he irritation . cissy reach across and pass the jam to wilf and return to she CD . int . dine room - day Breakfast over , the resident continue to make they way slowly out of the dining room . the maid continue to clear while nigel , on he way out , pass wilf and reggie who be get up from the table . nigel for the record wilf , cedric be right , you be too slow . wilf stick it where the sun do not shine , Nigel . letitia and felicity , the pianist , appear at reggie 's and wilf 's side . the follow be overlap - letitia do any of you yet know what you propose to do for the gala ? 12 wilf I be think of give my figaro . felicity you must let I know in plenty of time . letitia felicity dear , I be the pianist . I be the one who play the score . you be the one who turn the page . felicity and letitia walk away . felicity I be still a professional and I can not bear it when you be annoyed with I . cissy stop at lotte 's table . cissy I do not think you be out of tune at all . wilf Anne , what be you go to do for the gala ? anne langley what ? she continue to eat . wilf what be you go to do for the gala ? she spontaneously begin to sing a aria from tosca - vissi d'arte . 13 wilf ( cont 'd ) ( to reggie , sotto voce ) sorry I ask . ext . london STREET - day the beecham House van be park in front of one of the elegant house on the street . bottle of milk be be deliver to the house next door . above , jean horton , at she flat window , be watch . tadek and the build attendant emerge carry suitcase and load they into the van . the attendant stay with the van as tadek go back to the house . omitted int . jean horton 's flat - day wide shot on she back , silhouett , revealing again jean horton , mid 70 , air of a grande dame , stand alone near a window in she live room , empty of furniture , dust mark where picture once hang . there be seal trunk and suitcase on the ground with decal of different country . she be smartly dress but in somewhat date clothing . tadek come in to collect more suitcase . jean be careful with that one , it 's fragile . tadek I come back for trunk . and for you . tadek leave . jean continue to stare out the window . omitted ( scene move to 15a / 16 ) int / ext . people carrier , country road - day the people carrier make its way along the country road . tadek at the wheel . jean in a rear seat , lose in forlorn think . she have be write on the back of a newspaper . she mouth word softly . jean - I apologise - be kind to I - we be different then - no , no - we be - I can not do this - 14 tadek ( glance in the rear mirror ) madam , you say to I something ? jean be suddenly overcome with alarm : jean stop ! turn round . go back - tadek what ? what ? you wanna go back ? no , no , I must call Dr. cogan - jean ( confuse , in a state ) do not be such a damn fool , drive on ! tadek madam , what you want ? stop , go , what ? int . stair & MAIN hall , the home - day wilf , on the chair lift , hold a remote control , descend slowly while hum . he see a dazzle bunch of garden flower be arrange in a vase by dr . cogan . daphne be help . wilf never see you arrange flower before , Dr. cogan . dr . cogan really wilf , have not you notice that we have have to cut down on staff in the last few month ? wilf be it for a new arrival ? ( no answer , with he remote , he pause the chair lift ) be that a new skirt ? I have not see it before . it really cling to you beautifully . it actually accentuate you already beautiful leg . do not you agree , daphne ? daphne , embarrassed , demur . dr . cogan ( amused ) you be overstep the line , wilf . 15 wilf I know . wilf dismount the chair lift . dr . cogan go for you walk , wilfre . wilf I would love it if you could join I , Lucy . dr . cogan go for you walk . wilf pass she ) I must tell you Lucy , it 's hard to leave you . dr . cogan ( continue arrange flower ) do you best . wilf May I ? wilf pick a flower and try to put it in he lapel . wilf ( cont 'd ) I can not see it without my glass . would you be so kind ? wilf bend while dr . cogan go to fit the flower in he lapel . they face close . he grin at she . dr . cogan you do not have a lapel , wilf . wilf what do you know ? dr . cogan go for you walk , wilf . ext . beecham house & ground - day other resident and they visitor also take the air , greeting each other . wilf wave . some wave back . from a nearby window , the muffle , intermittent sound of '' underneath the arch '' accompany by piano and trumpet . four Gilbert and Sullivan singer be play croquet . wilf a pound say I will kick you arse , Nigel . nigel the way you play , I be sure you will . 16 ext . summerhouse - day wilf continue to stroll . faintly we hear the sound of a clarinet come from the summerhouse . sitting inside , olly fisher play '' who be sylvia . '' wilf pause , wave to olly . olly then take a deep breath and another . he take a pill from he pill box and put it under he tongue . wilf observe closely . when he breathe be restore , wilf and olly exchange a thumb up . ext . fountain garden —- day nobby chatter while oversee simon digging over a bed . wilf stroll toward they from behind . wilf ( call to he ) Morning , nobby . nobby ( call back ) Morning , Mr. bond . wilf Simon , wassup ? simon all good , mate . wilf it 's go to be a scorcher . nobby Global warming . wilf or just a English summer , one of the two . by the way , when you have a chance I could use another of the '' usual . '' nobby refuse money that wilf offer he . nobby no problem . I still have change from the last time . I x11 put it in the '' usual '' place . nobby nod he head to a place off the premise . 17 wilf ( continue to walk ) and watch out , nobby , cissy robson 's be look for you all morning . can not think why , I be so much more attractive . wilf walk on . nobby ( call out ) say you . ( beat , shout after wilf ) how 's the leg ? wilf which one ? ext . terrace - day on the terrace , table and chair under parasol . resident read , tony and dave be play a game of draught . reggie sit at a table in a shade corner , write , prepare he lecture - a biography of verdi and the telegraph be on the table next to he . cissy , seat next to reggie , listen to she CD while watch two little girl ( one of they be esme ) and a boy play on the grass . letitia , sit on the other side of the terrace , with she daughter , chat while watch they kid . wilf approach , go to sit next to reggie and cissy . reggie glance up and continue write . wilf ( as he sit ) I read somewhere that the average man think about sex every seven second . reggie ( write ) and do you ? 18 wilf ( gaze at cissy as she sit ) I wish it be only every seven second . reggie you need to see a psychiatrist . wilf male or female ? reggie continue to write . wilf ( cont 'd ) ( pick up a newspaper on the table , pull he glass on , look at the crossword puzzle ) you leave a word out . ( state the clue - and he get it , pause , he study cissy , take he glass off ) when I first see she , God know how long ago , I think she be the most beautiful , sexiest thing I would ever clapped eye on . the alarm on reggie 's wristwatch sound . he be about to tap cissy on the arm but wilf stop he with a look . wilf ( cont 'd ) cissy , let reg and I have we way with you now . go on , bea sport , on the lawn , leg apart , bloomer abandon . I will remove my truss . ( tap she on the arm with he cane , she remove she headset and look at wilf ) how about it ? cissy ready . wilf love it . reggie be force to smile . cissy ( cont 'd ) what be you laugh at ? wilf nothing - 19 cissy why do you interrupt I ? can not you see I be listen to we ? wilf to what ? cissy rigoletto . the quartet . we be so lovely - reggie be . ( tap he watch ) cissy , the gala committee . cissy oh yes , yes - she rise , in a flurry , start to go . reggie ( to wilf ) Royal Opera House , nineteen - sixty - whatever it be , covent Garden . do you remember , wilf ? wilf it 's the last time the four of we sing it . we have do it , what , fifty time before that ? cissy come darting back for she bag . cissy and thank you Reggie . I be so relieved you be safely back from Karachi . she start to hurry away , but momentarily can not remember which way to go . clutch she bag , leave the CD cover on the table , but it fall to the ground . wilf why Karachi ? reggie her father be indian army . wilf yes , yes , yes , so he be . do you think she 's get worse ? reggie ( quietly ) yes. 20 wilf bend down to pick up the CD cover , but end up sit on the ground . he look at the CD cover . reggie ( cont ’d ) ( still read and make note ) I be glad they have reissue it . we might get royalty . wilf try vainly to get up . wilf I wish they have reissue we instead . reggie help he to he foot . wilf ( cont 'd ) they might have put we photograph on the cover instead of just we name . wilf study the CD cover . in bold letter against a appropriate background : classic recordings - Jean horton sing gilda with reginald paget , cecily robson , wilfre bond in rigoletto wilf ( cont 'd ) dizzy height , that day . ( sit ) ' Jean Horton sing gilda . 's I should have have top billing . name part , after all . ( look off ) I remember the production , the recording session , everything , as if it be yesterday yet I can not remember what we have for breakfast this morning - reggie ( quietly ) - fuck apricot jam , that 's what you have . wilf ( look at CD again ) everyone say the quartet have never be better sung . my picture in the Daily mail with the caption : '' wilfre bond - a New Star ? '' question mark . I be famous for a day . still , I make a live and that 's all I ever want . I be not like you , reg . you be a artist , I be a artisan — 21 reggie have you listen to it ? wilf no . have you ? reggie no , no way , wilf . no way . wilf of course . clumsy of I . this two old friend share a moment . reggie write again . cissy return , panicked . cissy have you see my CD case ? wilf hand it to she . she rush away as simon walk by . wilf ( to simon - a rap line from tinie tempah 's " pass out '' ) '' I be bear famous I be sorta 's know n '' simon '' if you son do not '' wilf '' I bet you daughter know '' wilf and simon put they fist in the air . reggie make a face . wilf ( cont ’d ) reg , you might as well get use to it . Rap be here to stay . reggie why ? Rap be not music . wilf it be to they . 22 int . music room / MAIN hall - day cissy hurry through the Music room . the Gilbert and Sullivan troop be rehearse '' Flowers that Bloom in the spring . '' int . sitting room - day seat around a table be bobby , anne langley , letitia and daphne , who take the minute . cedric , in a new caftan , be stand and in full flight , wave the Times under bobby 's nose point at a interview with a photo of frank white . cissy open the door quietly and come in . cedric ( to the table ) ..- when this come out last week we be assure of we much need sell out concert and increase donation . now it 's a bloody disaster . if we can not make the gala into the hot ticket in town , this house could collapse about we ear . we could lose it . none of we want to be turfed out into the street with nowhere to go . ( look up , see cissy ) cissy ( at the door ) I certainly do not want to be turfed out . cedric you be late . cissy apology . ( nothing from the other ; they stare at she ) what ? what ? I apologise for be late , I be sorry , I - cedric ( throw the paper down on the table ) Close the door . Frank White have pull out . he do not feel up for the gala . letitia he 's not well . anne langley obviously . 23 cissy ( at the close door ) and one of we gala highlight . oh dear ! Frank White , such a lovely man . cedric ( tapping the table sharply ) this be a disaster . cissy who be it who say , ' Old age be not for sissy ' ? cedric next item ! cissy I always remember that because of my name , you see , cissy , sissy - cedric ( to cissy ) cissy ! if you want to speak , raise you hand ! ( pick up a financial paper , toss it to bobby ) as of today , pledge from we benefactor have fall by 60 % . the giver be not give . we have to find a replacement for Frank , urgently . cissy raise she hand . from the next room we faintly hear '' Flowers that bloom in the spring , tra -la '' etc . cedric ( cont 'd ) what ? cissy bette Davis ! she be the one who say old age be not - cedric move toward cissy . she stop talk , frighten . cedric walk right past she - go to the door , open it , walk out . cedric 's voice silenzio ! ( sing continue ) shut it ! ( they stop mid way through tra-la-la ) you will choose a different song immediately . I will have no tra-la - La at my gala ! 24 cedric storm back into the room . bobby what about Reggie ? La donna é mobile ? cedric good . cissy ask he . cissy Reggie be funny about La donna é mobile . I do not think he will . cedric you job be to ask he ! cissy look ! they all turn to look . ext . drive , beecham house - day as dr . cogan and simon wait , the people carrier come to a halt at the entrance . dr . cogan help jean to alight . tadek and simon , unload she trunk and many suitcase . in the driveway , a lorry be pick up laundry in sack . jean see they be load . cissy 's voice ( barely audible ) heavens above - int . entrance hall - day dr . cogan escort jean through the front door . they start to walk through the empty large room . she be unhappy , embattle . jean look up at a large painting of Sir Thomas beecham . dr . cogan that 's Sir Thomas beecham . one of Britain 's great conductor . the house be name after he . jean I know who Sir Thomas beecham be , thank you . he inherite a fortune . his grandfather make laxative - so I be sure name this nursing home after he be frighteningly apt . 25 dr . cogan ( patiently ) it be not a nursing home . it be a exclusive , private retirement home . dr . cogan open the second door to the MAIN hall and jean limp through it . they pause at the flower . dr . cogan ( cont 'd ) this be to welcome you . I will have they send up to you room later . we be very honoure to have you . you have a lovely room . we large . in what we call the '' by wing - jean the '' B '' wing ? sound like prison . dr . cogan ( smile uncertainly ) the service lift be be repair - ( indicate with she hand ) - but you can take the chair lift , it will be easier for you . jean ( look at the chair lift at the bottom of the stair ) take the chair lift ? what do I do when I get to the top ? ski down ? jean follow the rail from the bottom stair to the top . from behind , someone begin to clap . then more join in . jean turn and look up . she see resident applaud she from the MAIN hall landing . jean be at first take aback but then visibly glow , take a step into the MAIN hall , smile and nod graciously . octavia brava ! other voice ( join in ) brava ! brava ! ext . croquet lawn - day Close up on a sharp crack , a ball go through a hoop . not a easy shot . wilf , mallet in one hand , walk stick in the other , watch . they banter be habitual : 26 reggie ( lining up he next shot , turn to wilf ) what about ( name a part in a opera ) ? just in time , reggie see wilf 's foot move he own ball towards the hoop for a easier shot . reggie ( cont ’d ) ( off -hand , not take he eye off he ball ) you just move you ball . wilf me? unthinkable - reggie I see you -— wilf never - reggie I clearly just see you move it - wilf have be watch a attractive female visitor walk by with she husband . wilf ( eye follow the woman ) ball ! reggie precisely . wilf , she 's marry . wilf precisely . ( he quote a phrase from a Opera in italian ) they play on and be enthusiastic about the prospect of perform . he play . through . 27 reggie ( lining up he shot ) we could always do '' the barber , '' you , cissy , and I , for the gala . that would draw the crowd . wilf yes , but what I would love to sing again be macbeth ! it 's be year , and I miss it . reggie ( aim ) I always want to sing wagner . Tristan . just once . but it never come my way . too many part , too little time . ( look at wilf ) stand back . you be obscure my line . wilf you will not get it through , not from there - reggie ( melodramatic ) oh yes , I will . wilf ( melodramatic ) oh no you will not . the ball hit the hoop but do not go wilf ( cont 'd ) ( walk to a nearby tree ) told you . reggie you be in the way . wilf be not - reggie be ! wilf ( start to unzip ) be not ! reggie ( look at wilf behind the tree ) what be you do now ? 28 wilf what do it look like I be do now ? ( try to urinate ) wagner ?!! only bloody foreigner sing wagner . we be best at the british composer . rossini , donizetti , verdi - ( reggie smile ; wilf look down ) c'mon ! c’mon ! cissy 's voice Reggie ! wilf ! they turn to see cissy rush towards they out of breath and over-excite . cissy I know who it be , I see she , I see she , George be right , it 's a star , but you 's 1ll never , never , never guess who , never - wilf ( zipping up ) then tell we , we do not want to be keep in suspense for eternity - cissy you will not believe this . still large as life and twice as terrifying . ( suddenly still ) oh God ! it 's go ! damnation , what 's she name , begin with G. soprano , famous - reggie famous soprano beginning with G. Mary Garden - wilf rita gorr - reggie Galli-Curci - cissy no , no . wilf cissy , think . she think , brow furrow . 29 cissy gilda ! we gilda ! wilf oh! G , gilda , yes , I see , we '' gilda , '' rigoletto . you mean Jean Horton - cissy yes ! how clever of you ! yes , Jean Horton . wilf Jean Horton ? here ? ( he and cissy look at reggie ) you all right , old son ? reggie be freeze . no response . cissy if it 's any consolation , reg , she 's age terribly . she look a hundred - brief , tense silence . wilf steady , reg , steady , nsp , nsp - reggie walk away . wilf ( cont 'd ) it will be all right , old son , trust I — reggie throw down he mallet and march off towards the house . wilf and cissy watch he , deeply concerned . int . dr . cogan 's office - day dr . cogan , stand beside a table get coffee . reggie be stand . reggie ( furious ) ... that 's why you keep it such a secret . you do not want I to know . it 's intolerable . I should have be consult , Dr. cogan . I should have be warn . 30 dr . cogan Jean Horton be such a big star . she do not want media attention . nor do we - reggie she do not want ? always , always , always what she want - nothing change . dr . cogan ( gently ) it have nothing to do with you , reginald . it be simply at she request . reggie she do know that I live here ? dr . cogan yes . reggie she know . ( beat ) it 's be so calm here . so agreeable . ( dr . cogan listen sympathetically as reggie rail on ) do you know what I want ? I want a dignify senility . I scrimp and save - repair my own clothes , have only one glass of red wine a day . one ! my only indulgence be to buy from time to time my favourite cologne . and why ? so that I could afford without charity a decent room of my own in this house . and now she 's here . ( move toward the door ) I shall have to find somewhere else to live . dr . cogan reginald , I be sure she - reggie you do not know she ! reggie open the door to leave . dr . cogan be not you give a talk to the school child tomorrow ? 31 reggie ( resign , as he 's leave ) dear God - dr . cogan you talk be so valuable , Reggie . this child have never be to a opera - int . common room - late afternoon Close on a television - otello . Three or four resident , include norma , be watch , among they , anne langley . anne langley ( gesture to tv ) why can not we find otello 's like that today - they do not exist . norma desdemona sound nice . anne langley that 's such a easy part . they continue they critique of the performance . a burst of laughter from the other side of the room as wilf slap down a card theatrically . wilf canasta ! I win ! a woman player you cheat ! reveal at a corner of the room , wilf sit with regina , violin , lotte and marion . dr . cogan enter the room and look around . dr . cogan wilf , have you see reginald ? wilf he turn in early . but he 's fine . tough as a monkey 's tit , be Reggie . dr . cogan ( turn toward the terrace ) who 's smoking ? wilf I suspect it 's George and Harry . 32 the french door be open , through which the back of GEORGE and harry can be see . dr . cogan I do not know how many time I have tell they , smoking kill ! wilf for god 's sake , doc , leave ‘em be . George be seventy - six and Harry 's nearly eighty . what the hell 's it matter ? dr . cogan ( smile ) you be a bad influence , wilfre . dr . cogan shake she head , turn and walk away as wilf watch she . wilf give we a wiggle - ( dr . cogan continue walk ) do that again . dr . cogan I do not give you the first one . wilf if I live another five year , I will have she . I just need time . 33 int . jean be room - magic hour jean , with difficulty , put a record player next to the flower on a table . she take the cord in hand , look for a outlet . int . MAIN hall landing - magic hour dim light . dr . cogan come along the corridor , see a light under a door , knock gently and open the door . int . jean be room - magic hour jean be kneel , try to fit the plug of the record player into a socket on the skirt board . she put on she glass . in the suitcase beside she , a pile of lps - we barely make out the title - jean horton 's greatest arias and the best of jean horton , other . she hear the knock , hurriedly close the suitcase , take off she glass , try to rise , but can not . she wince in pain as dr cogan look in . dr . cogan ( a little alarmed , hesitant to help ) be you all right ? ( more ) 34 dr . cogan ( cont 'd ) ( a wither stare from jean ; gently ) be not this room lovely ? jean the bed take up half the room . dr . cogan you have have a long day . you might want to retire early . jean I have not yet enter second childhood so please do not talk to I as though I have . just leave I be . and I will take my meal in my room . a brief pause . dr . cogan we do not usually serve the resident in they room . jean you do , I presume , when the resident be not feel well . I be not feel well . dr cogan hesitates , uncertain as whether or not to offer jean a help hand . she decide against it . dr . cogan I hope you feel better soon . dr . cogan turn and walk out . jean struggle to get up and finally sit by the window , exhaust . int . MAIN hall landing - magic hour dr . cogan come to a door . no light show . on the door , a small brass plaque of the type use on dress room door with the name : reginald paget she want to knock but hesitates , decide against it and continue on she way . ext . reggie' room - magic hour reggie , a silhouette , stand on the terrace of he room , gaze at a light window in the '' B '' wing . he can just make out jean seat in a chair . from reggie , we move on to leo in he room . omitted int . music room - morning the Gilbert and Sullivan troop you , Sir , we much regret '' with one of the four turn the page felicity be irritate . through 35 play '' the swan '' on he cello be rehearse '' so please felicity at the piano . of the score too soon . the window we see nobby deadhead rose while simon rake . ext./ int . wilf window & room — morning the music continue over the follow scene . above the common room , where the four Gilbert and Sullivan singer be rehearse , the window be flung open and wilf stand greeting the morning air . he go from breathe deeply to vocalise . cissy 's voice yoo-hoo ! he see cissy lean out she window . he follow she gaze down towards nobby and simon . nobby look up to see cissy at he , lean forward , allow she window , gaze down at she cleavage to show . she wave alluringly just as wilf voice , do scale , compete with the Gilbert and Sullivan singer . nobby take a break from the rose . he remove he shirt and wipe he forehead as he flexe , exciting cissy . omitted int . jean' room —- morning jean , asleep in the chair by the window , a lp jacket sit in she lap . she be wake with a start by the cacophony of sing and vocalise . wearily , she raise she eye to heaven . ext . wilf window look down , wilf see cissy , a robe over she bathing suit , be coquettish with nobby and simon on she way to the swim pool building . 36 cissy that rose be so beautiful . what be they call , nobby ? nobby they're Elizabeth of glamis , miss robson , name after the late Queen mother . and that be iceberg . cissy name after Jean Horton , I suppose . she know she 's make a joke . she put a finger to she lip and run off . nobby smile . wilf ( call to nobby ) nobby - 1 . wilf - nil ! int . dine room , breakfast - morning Close on newspaper be drop on table or chair as resident eat . they vary , depend on the preference of the reader . wilf and leo at they table . the seat next to wilf ( reggie be ) be empty . wilf and simon exchange nod as simon drop the telegraph on the seat . his full English breakfast , hardly touch . wilf take the paper and find the sport page . GEORGE ( with harry , at they table ) be Reggie come or not ? this really be very unfair . wilf it 's all yours , boy - as wilf leave , GEORGE immediately start to move they plate as cedric smirk at he table . int . MAIN hall landing - morning wilf tap lightly on reggie be door . no answer . he crack the door open , look and walk in . he see no one there . wilf leave and close the door . walk away . omitted 37 int . staircase hall / common room / FITNESS room - morning wilf descend the staircase . he enter the common room where dave be play bach 's fugue in D minor on the piano . wilf walk to the FITNESS room , open the door , cedric be have he nail do . cedric Excuse I , this room be occupy ! wilf ( as he close the door ) do not do you toe the same color , cedric , it 's consider gauche . wilf ( cont ’d ) good Morning , Dr. c. have you see Reggie ? dr . cogan yes , he ask if he could use the computer . he 's in my office . int . entrance hall - outside dr . cogan 's office - morning wilf knock and open the door . he see reggie inside at the computer . int . dr . cogan 's office - morning wilf Reggie . you okay ? reggie I do not wish to be disturb . I be work . wilf can I get you a cup of cof -- reggie I be prepare my talk . please close the door when you leave . wilf look at reggie then walk out , close the door . on the computer screen : Rap information . int . jean be room - day on a table , a tray with half a glass of juice . jean be hold a cup of coffee while lay out she clothes for the day . most of the suitcase remain unopen . 38 disconcert , she drop a garment back into a open portmanteau . jean move to the dress - table , sit , gaze at herself in the mirror . she hold up different piece of jewelry . a knock on the door . jean who ? cissy 's voice a friend . jean ( suspicious ) come . cissy enter . jean stare at she blankly . cissy ( as to a child ) it 's I , Jean . cissy . cicely robson . jean why do everybody here treat I like a half - wit ? ( go back to brush she hair ; off-hand ) I know who you be . where 's Reggie ? cissy it 's lovely to see you here , Jean . I have be tell everyone , you still look like a young girl - jean ( check she profile in the mirror ) I do not feel it . I be very slow . I be on a wait - list for a new hip . cissy you have such beautiful jewelry . jean start to put a necklace on . cissy ( cont 'd ) oh , do let I , Jean . you remember how you use to like I to give you make - up the once over before you go on ? ( clip the necklace , and pick out a pair of earring ) ( more ) 39 cissy ( cont 'd ) we will have you look as you always do , youthful and whining - ( correct herself quickly ) shine . youthful and shine - in the mirror jean watch cissy . jean ( a trace of a affectionate smile ) you certainly have not change . I ask you where Reggie be . jean , through the window , see a coach pull up . School child start to get out . jean ( cont 'd ) who be that child ? cissy ( look ) oh , Reggie must be give one of he talk today . ( notice the tray with orange juice ) do they serve you breakfast in you room ? jean of course they do . int . MAIN hall landing / staircase / staircase hall - day cissy and jean walk from jean 's room . cissy ...- what with people be send away if they be too ill or go completely doolally , of course one get depressed from time to time - I mean , I have wake up with the black dog on my shoulder a couple of time - but it never last for long . how could it ? you will see , we all look after each other and that 's very cheer - jean and cissy walk on . jean and cissy be near the bottom of the stair . bobby , in the background , wait . cissy ( cont 'd ) ... there 's so much to enjoy here . people come and go - 40 bobby ( hiss ) cissy ! cissy ( continue ) - new face , old friend , family with they child , new interest - from behind a door the sound of salsa music . jean what 's that awful noise ? cissy oh , I be in this class . cissy open the double door . int . common room - day sheryl , be teach salsa to a group of resident who try to follow she movement . sheryl cissy ! you be miss class , come on in . cissy ( game as ever ) oh , shall we , Jean ? jean ( to herself ) this be not a retirement home , this be a madhouse . cissy go in and do some step . jean give she a wither look and start to walk on . cissy start out after she as bobby intercept she , hand she a note . int . staircase hall / MAIN hall - day bobby ( hiss ) birthday benefit gala . emergency . top secret . he scuttle off . cissy put on glass , read the note as she catch up with jean . jean do not that use to be Bobby swanson ? 41 cissy ( puzzle by the note ) yes - jean he do not seem to recognise I . how odd . cissy his sight be not what it be . cissy and jean walk on . jean such an_intense little man . he always look as though he 's spy . ing for a foreign power . what do the note say ? cissy birthday benefit gala . emergency . top secret . jean birthday benefit gala ? whose birthday ? mine be not until the 6th of January ? cissy ( re-read the note , puzzle ) no , no , not yours , Jean , giuseppe verdi 's . there 's a benefit gala . everyone 's expect to perform to save we beecham House - jean what do you mean , perform ? int . SMALL music room - day they walk toward the SMALL music room . cissy we have to do what we do , Jean . jean at we age ? ridiculous ! cissy everyone do something . jean I will not sing at verdi 's gala or anyone else 's . and that 's final . cissy I be listen to we rigoletto this morning . we be all so good , especially you gilda . 42 jean ( take the compliment ) I never get less than twelve curtain call . ( look at the note ) what 's the emergency ? cissy ( show jean the note ) I do not know . he 's write ' no one ' . what can it mean ? jean please , I want to find Reggie . they enter the SMALL music room . cissy he 's right here . ( start for the door ) jean ( panic , whisper ) no - wait . cissy . no ! int . / ext . music room / SMALL music room - day we be on the face of the school child . they have be ask a question by reggie , and be shy , or reluctant to answer . they be from a variety of ethnic background . some surreptitiously fiddle with they mobile phone . reggie stand before they . a nearby upright piano against the wall . in the back we see dr . cogan sit with octavia in she wheelchair . reggie come on , do not be shy - eventually , a girl put she hand up . the girl Lady gaga - reggie Lady gaga , sound like someone I know - from the group , a male teenager , hip -hop-ish , joey , look at he mobile phone - reggie ( cont 'd ) so what about you ? joey ( put he phone away , not make eye contact ) ( more ) 43 joey ( cont 'd ) Lady gaga be pop , we like hip - hop , period . reggie be hip hop like rap ? joey' friend kinda man , but it 's different . reggie ( look at joey ) help I out here , tell I what 's rap ? at the door , in the SMALL music room , cissy start to open it . jean , consternate , hold she back . jean ( whisper ) wait . do not . wait , wait . cissy have already crack the door open a bit . out of sight - they listen . jean do not know whether to stay or leave . joey' friend show he ! school child start to laugh . school pupil spit it ! joey' friend Drop a verse , man . joey ( look off ) rap from the street while you be in class , so all you teacher can kiss my ass - school child laugh . reggie go on ! continue ! joey continue what ? reggie what you be feel . now , they share a look - he friend push he to stand up . joey ( bust out ) what you wanna know ? ' bout how I grow to be a bad ' ting ? ( more ) 44 joey ( cont 'd ) or the way that my brain sing when I think of my birth what you wanna know ? you wanna know hate crime ? or life rhyme ? or the way that the po-po make my heart go when they jake top wail by ? ( mime a siren ) ne - nah not - nah not -nah ( class laugh , joey be get into this ) what you wanna know ? you wanna know how life down my endz means we aint no politician friend we be the excuse , we be the leave -— out , we be the do what you wanna know ? pause as they eye each other . reggie what do '' po - po '' mean ? joey cops. reggie and jake top ? joey cops. reggie anybody else ? joey' friend ( suddenly free -styles ) reggie that 's opera ! originally people just like yourselves go to see Opera . but then the rich come along and make it something that it 's not . so what be it then ? someone say , ' Opera be when a guy be stab in the back and while he 's bleed , he sing . ' ( some school child laugh ; ) Rap be when a guy get stab in the back and while he 's bleed , he talk - rhythmically and emotionally , but because rap be speak the emotion be hold in check . it 's on one note . ( more ) 45 reggie ( cont 'd ) ' why should we listen to some old fart , give we shit about he art . 's in Opera , however , we sing we feeling to the rise and fall of the music . the song set we emotion free . opera then , be a outpouring of all the emotion that all of US carry inside . and ... it 's perform by athlete ! oh yes ! ( he point to three kid ) can you stand up ? you three - you be fit young man . football player ? they nod . reggie ( cont 'd ) well , we have athlete here as well . let I introduce you to the wonderful octavia . she ’1ll be join we for this next part . ( point to the rapper ) you gentleman , stand up , pick a note , sing it , and hold it for as long as you can and as loudly as you can . octavia , will do the same . ready ? one..two..three .. go ! the three school child and octavia sing they note . the boy peter out at around ten second . octavia keep go on and on . when she finally stop - octavia ( smile ) I be seventy - nine . what 's you excuse ? when I be you age , I have the high record C note . the school child laugh and applaud . reggie what you have witness be the strength and athleticism of a Opera singer . the people who live here have the superhuman effort it take to deliver the goods , to breathe , yes , to hold a note — ( gesture to octavia ) - like the one octavia just sing - ( distract by the door open a crack ; irritate ) who be that ? cissy widen the door to include she and jean . smile . cissy it 's we ! 46 as some kid turn to the door , reggie see jean , bridle , and look away . reggie the heroine , sopranos - that be the lady with the high voice - they sing a repetitive theme that 's in all opera . infidelity . infidelity . infidelity . as the Duke sing in rigoletto - reggie look again at the door . it 's empty . he stare at it . reggie ( cont 'd ) ( disconcert ) ' La donna é mobile qual plumo al vento’ . woman be as fickle as a feather in the wind . 's ext . terrace - day wilf be play draught with GEORGE , while harry watch . wilf see reggie on the lawn walk by . wilf Reggie ? ( reggie do not answer ) Reggie ? how do the talk go ? reggie keep walk . wilf watch he and then rise . ext . / int . gala storage / greenhouse - day wilf walk in , go to a costume and take out a bottle of whiskey from a pocket . from another pocket , he take out two plastic cup . ext . gala storage / greenhouse - day wilf walk over a bridge towards the wood . ext . summerhouse - day reggie , alone , stare out into the landscape , observe a deer . wilf voice ( whisper ) ' tis i. reggie half turn as wilf join he . 47 wilf ( admire the deer ) that 's a beauty . reggie I do not want to talk . wilf of course not . reggie I really can do without this at my time of life . wilf ( pause ) do you want I to go ? reggie ( quietly ) no. wilf produce the whiskey and two plastic cup . wilf ( a ritual ) shall we ? reggie observe , but say nothing . ext . garden & house - day jean and cissy be strolling . now and then cissy steal a glance at jean , monitoring she sadness . cissy do not worry darling , I know where the boy be . they walk . cissy ( cont 'd ) shall we sit for a moment ? ( gesture to a bench by the rise bed ; they sit , she look around ) a few resident with visitor , among they olly slowly bounce he granddaughter , daisy , on he shoulder . jean and cissy catch the tail end of olly 's pony-ride . olly begin to put she down . daisy no grandpa ! one more ! olly struggle to put she back on he shoulder . 47 . cissy oh , look , there 's olly with he grandchild . ( call ) Daisy , sweetheart ! olly gently put daisy on the ground , who run over and give cissy a big hug . 48 cissy ( cont 'd ) which hand ? cissy have take a sweet from she pocket and hold she hand behind she back . daisy choose a hand and cissy give she the treat . the parent of the child wave to cissy and then beckon to daisy , who run back . daisy bye-bye , cissy - cissy smile and wave . cissy how lovely it be to have visitor , like family . will you have visitor , Jean ? no response . jean ( try to get out of she funk ) at least the garden be a joy . cissy ( eye and attention on nobby , who be now walk nearby ) yes , and the wood be lovely too . you know Jean , for someone like I , who never marry , never have child , whose nearest and dearest be long depart , this place be a god-send , a bless , like a fairground ablaze with fairy light - ( lose for a moment ; then ) the bluebell be quite glorious this year . but they be finish now . jean like we . cissy and you should have see the polyanthus and forget - mex not . I do not expect you get they in Karachi . jean flick she a sideways glance , as cissy put a sweet in she mouth . she offer one to jean . cissy ( cont 'd ) the yellow one be my favourite . 49 ext . summerhouse - late afternoon reggie and wilf be sit inside hold plastic cup contain whiskey . they have be drink for awhile . reggie be in the process of refilling he . wilf so , come on , old son , break into song . reggie smile . he 's be talk about aging . reggie . -- and in that way , we be not the same . I be not like you , wilf . I positively like get old . physical decay have seem natural and inescapable . I think I can say I have welcome the inevitable cheerfully . I have make the transition from opera star to old fart with aplomb ( beat ) then Jean arrive ... wilf I remember think when you two get marry ... she be much more ambitious than you - reggie of course she be . she be more ambitious than all of we . wilf - if I know anything about it . reggie what can you know about it ? 50 wilf I be you best man , Reggie . reggie yes , and then you be marry to the same woman for thirty thousand year . call I old fashioned but do she know how often you be unfaithful to she ? wilf you say some very harsh thing , reg. ( get up , a little unsteady . ) I think I 'il have myself a widdle . ( look around for the right tree , a little tipsy ) you be right , reg . I hate grow old . hate every bloody moment of it . if it 's not you prostate , it 's pile . and then it 's pee five time a night . if you be lucky . wilf step off the summer House and stumble to a nearby tree . he unzip and begin to pee when he catch a glimpse of cissy and jean walk nearby and see that they have spot he . wilf ( cont ’d ) ( shout as he be pee ) you may want to avert you gaze , lady . this may take a while . a wise man go when he can , girl . a fool go when he must . he look up to see reggie still in the summer House , stand at the edge , want to flee . wilf ( cont 'd ) easy , reg , easy - by this time , cissy and jean be near enough for jean to see reggie as he indelicately climb down from the summer House , take a few step , he back to they . 51 cissy ( as they approach ) look ! here 's Jean in all she glory . jean yes , yes , I know . how be the mighty fall . wilf ( glance at reggie as he go to kiss jean on both cheek ) tactless as ever . you have not change a jot . cissy ( admire jean ) do not I say so ? do not I say she still look like a young girl ? jean take a step towards reggie . jean Reggie , do not I get a kiss ? ( he keep he back to she ) reg ? ( take a step closer ) I apologise for hurt you . please be kind to I . we be different people then . there . I have rehearse say that for the past week . brief silence . he register what she 's say , look away . he start wilf he 's upset because he be not warn that you be come . reggie I be not upset - to walk . jean reg . it 's the first time we have see each other in God know how many year . reggie ninety -seven . 52 cissy have it be as long as that ? how time fly . ( think a second ) oh , you be joke . wilf what 's wrong with Bobby ? he nod towards the garden . ext . garden - Pov from terrace - late afternoon bobby , a little distance off , stand gesticulate . he tap he watch , make implore gesture , tap he watch again , beckon . now , exasperate , he take a few step as if walk away , then return , a little closer now , and start gesticulate all over again . wilf voice I think he 's try to tell we something . ( call ) Bobby , give we a clue , for God 's sake . Film , book or play ? bobby cissy ! all they eye on bobby . wilf it 's for you , cissy . bobby ( a shout whisper ) the note ! cissy ( call ) I could not read you handwrite ! bobby meeting ! now ! cissy ( remember ) oh yes , the emergency - she hurry off towards bobby . wilf I wonder what that 's all about . 53 jean look round and do not see reggie . jean where 's reg ? wilf ( look down the path ) there he be . jean ( start down the path , call out ) reg ! why do he treat I like this ? it 's not fair . as if I have not suffer enough . wilf ( call out to she ) nsp , Jean , nsp . jean ( turn she head ) and what , for God 's sake , do that mean ? wilf it 's one of we rule . in fact , it 's we motto . nsp . no self pity . she turn and walk towards reggie . ext . path with a view - late afternoon reggie walk . ext . path with a view - late afternoon walk towards the Church , carry they instrument , a procession of the string quartet , bill , lst violin , regina , 2nd violin , fred , viola , and leo , cello . we can not make out the word , but there seem to be a disagreement between they . simon and angelique carry music stand . jean make she way down the path , look this way and that . the sound of the first movement , allegro con spirito , of haydn 's ' sunrise ' quartet begin as she pass . ext . woodland , near church - late afternoon the music faintly behind she , jean pause , peer about . at the end of the path , be a church . jean take a few step towards it , look more closely and see the door be ajar . 54 int . church - late afternoon she look inside , go in , look about . at the other end , she see reggie silhouett behind a lattice screen . jean Reggie ? May I join you ? reggie ( vehement ) no , you may not . jean I have walk mile to find you , Reggie . reggie just leave I in peace , Jean - jean I just want to - she start to advance . reggie for Christ 's sake , just leave I in peace ! leave ! leave ! jean ( shocked ) Reggie ! reggie I say leave ! emotional , about to leave , do not . she sit at the edge of a pew . from afar , the strain of the haydn quartet . reggie finally walk over to she , stand a short distance away . after a long pause , he relent , and hand she a spotless white handkerchief . she dab at she eye and nose . jean ( smell the handkerchief ) pino silvestre . I do not know you could still buy it . ( dab she nose , then aware of he gaze at she ) what ? reggie I can not ever remember you cry . jean I do not know you have become religious . 55 reggie I have not . I be simply try to avoid you . jean ( handkerchief to she nose ) my mother teach I never to let other see I be hurt . reggie you mother know all about hide she feeling . it be easy for she . she do not have any . jean do not be unkind about she . reggie I like you father . when he hear that you would leave I , he telephone and say , ' sorry , old chap , but count you blessing . I be still marry to she mother . 's reggie move towards the door . brief pause . jean I apologise for hurt you . please be kind to I . we be different people then . there . I have be rehearse say that for the past week . reggie ( close to the door ) you have say it before . you be repeat yourself . jean ( think ) oh god. ( brief silence ) why do we have to grow old ? reggie because that 's what people do . a brief silence . jean what I do be unforgiveable - but I be young and foolish . ( he nod , move closer to the door ) Reggie , we have to come to some arrangement . ( more ) 56 jean ( cont 'd ) we can not keep avoid each other or , worse , bicker like child every time we meet - reggie ( at door , interrupt ) Jean , I do not want to talk about it . I do not want to re-live ancient history . you be here . I be here . trapped . that 's all there be to it . silence but for the distant music . jean what be we go to do ? he brood for a moment . then : reggie there 's always the cliché button . the one that say , ' grin and bear it . ' jean how about try the one that say ' forgive and forget ' - ? ( reggie shake he head ; she again smell the handkerchief ) the same cologne . the smell take I back . ( look away ) it take I back to you , reg - though try not to , reggie look at she . ext . / int . gala storage / greenhouse - late afternoon wilf walk into the greenhouse , be about to put the bottle and cup back into they hide place . stop and see dr . cogan between costume , on the far side of the greenhouse , sit and smoking . she turn . they look at each other . overlap GEORGE and harry sing '' underneath the arch . '' int . common room - late afternoon the gala committee , cedric , bobby , anne langley and letitia seat round the table as cissy , flustered , enter . cedric put a hand up to hold she off . GEORGE and harry do flanagan & Allen 's '' underneath the arch '' with dave on piano . resident be seat at various place in the room . GEORGE and harry continue until cedric put he hand up again and stop they from complete they song . 57 cedric I have change my mind . I do not think it 's sophisticated enough for the gala . GEORGE we have be at it for a month . harry what do you mean , it 's not sophisticated enough ? cedric exactly what I say . GEORGE and harry start to leave , GEORGE turn -— GEORGE sorry , cedric . I just want to be clear on one thing . you once say you sing the title roll in julius caesar at covent Garden . harry we can not find any record of it . cedric ( flustered ) I do not say I sing giulio ch - sare , I say I be consider for it . a giggle or two from eavesdropp resident seat in the music room . harry right . well you have consider we and , unlike you , we be sing it . GEORGE yeah , we be sing it . GEORGE and harry leave . nigel , baritone , belt out a brief phrase or two from julius caesar . the title role . he finish . nigel giulio ch -sare . Act 1 , scene 2. cedric , try to save face , look at cissy . cedric ( look sharply at cissy ) yes , what be it ? cissy what happen ? 58 cedric we start a half - hour ago . you be late . cissy ( cheerfully ) well , here I be . letitia raise she eye to heaven . omitted omitted omitted cissy ( cont 'd ) ( to letitia ) what be you look at ? cedric what be you talk about ? cissy I think she see something . I be afraid we be leak again . cedric have you ask Reggie to sing La donna 6 mobile at the gala ? cissy oh God , I forget ! cedric good. do not . for once , you forget , have pay dividend . I have a brilliant idea . 59 omitted int . dine room - day cissy enter a cooking class in progress - to be script ext . terrace - afternoon - sunny at a table on the small terrace , a resident , ( Real name : catherine wilson ) be surround by family with a light cake , softly sing '' happy birthday . '' she open a present - it 's a young photo of she in she prime , surround by a frame that the little girl have paint . int . SMALL music room - day esme at the piano , be teach by she grandmother , letitia . other in the room watch . int . common room amateur night at beecham House . two young girl on violin , they parent watch and clap . they performance be follow by esme continue haydn 's '' military minuet '' embellish by olly on clarinet . int . common room - afternoon letitia be sit at the piano tinkling at '' o sole mio . '' catherine wilson begin to sing , mid-phrase . as she 's sing nigel join in - he booming voice startling the other resident . they continue the song together . int . common room GEORGE and harry sing '' be you havin 's any fun ? '' int . common room - late afternoon dave , at the piano , play debussy 's '' girl with the flaxen Hair . '' angelique , clean . resident seat around the room listen . among they , tony , who take he trumpet out of its case , put in a mute . he approach the piano and begin to accompany dave . the classical song turn into a jazz riff . angelique run out of the common room - bring back with she , dr . cogan . they greatly enjoy this special event . 60 ext . terrace - day reggie , read rilke 's '' letter to a Young Poet , '' , look up and see jean stand above he . jean ( smile at reggie ) would you like to go for a walk ? ext . music rotunda - early afternoon on the back of reggie and jean sit on a bench . they appear to be watch the string quartet rehearse the menuetto in pattern of sun and shadow . a summer idyll . angle , from the front , jean be actually contemplate the answer to a question reggie have ask . jean -+.- no , I be only marry twice after you and I annull . first be Charles tripper . Charles and I last four year , although we be rarely together . ( more ) 61 jean ( cont 'd ) he be a business man who mix business with pleasure one too many time . and then five year after that , I marry Edward fitzroy . he want I to retire and have child - so that be that . ( beat ) you never marry ... again ? reggie no , I do not want to anymore . jean when I sign on to do Romeo and juliet in 1972 , I hear you back out . be that because of I ? reggie yes . jean and when I play aida , do you renege on the role of radame once I join ? reggie yes . jean and then be you to play the Prince in rusalka until you hear ... reggie yes. jean why do you come here ? reggie my darling George die . jean George ? reggie my dog - all of a sudden I feel lonely . the string quartet stop play and a spat develop between they . jean and reggie watch , amused . jean would you say it 's time we resume we walk ? they both rise . 62 ext . avenue of tree - day reggie and jean , walk . jean ..- but I have no choice but to come here . I have very little - the truth be - ( hesitates ) I have - financial problem . all I have now be my clothes and jewelry . ( nothing from reggie ) - and I do not confide in anyone because I just do not want any fuss . quite frankly , I be embarrassed . you know what the media be like . they be always beastly to I and if they learn I would end up here , they would gloat . reggie ( a little acid ) really ? I be surprised the media still have any interest in you . jean oh , do piss off , Reggie , there 's a dear . as a matter of fact , and this will obviously surprise you more , I continue to cut a figure . the other night , I be Sir George 's guest at covent Garden . when I enter the box I receive a ovation . reggie ( zing she ) and now you be here - scary . jean give reggie a elbow . reggie ( cont 'd ) ow . jean ( they walk , zing back ) what do you do when you be not give you little '' talk ? '' reggie if I need to tire myself , I think about art . and if I need to exhaust myself , I think about life . but art - he suddenly break off , catch sight of someone through the tree . he turn vicious , hiss . angelique , the tree , 63 reggie ( cont 'd ) bitch ! ( jean be alarmed ) see she ? see she , there she go , angelique , see she ? see she ? ( not shouting , but loud ) bitch , cow , sodd frog ! oblivious , some distance off , wander on through in and out of dapple light , towards the glade . reggie ( cont 'd ) she will not give I marmalade at breakfast . she give I apricot jam . jean you hate apricot jam . reggie but wilf love it , she do it deliberately . ( a little louder ) bitch ! cow ! skinny -arse french twat ! ( without pause turn back to jean as if nothing have interrupt he ) Art be my chief preoccupation , Jean , its meaning , its significance , its ability to educate and enthrall , to inspire and civilise . reggie take a book from he jacket pocket . jean ( ironic ) so you do a lot of read . reggie ( smile ) yes , I do a lot of read . you might want to look at this . he turn to a page . she take the book and begin to read . jean '' Works of art be of a infinite loneliness and nothing can reach they so little as criticism . only love can grasp they and keep hold of they and be just to they . '' she look up at he . pause , and share with he something quite private - 64 jean ( cont 'd ) it be after I have pass my peak - that the pressure become huge . and I be so aware of criticism and the importance of get a good review ... the next thing have to be as good or better and of course it can not be , so in the end you get very nervous . they be closer than they have be since they meet . very close . suddenly , they hear a noise . jean and reggie look around . behind a hedge they see a startle angelique and simon quickly gather up a blanket . they both stand , simon hold the blanket under he arm . after a moment : simon we be not do anything . jean ( smile ) you be not ask . int . music room / SMALL music room - evening from the outside : felicity accompany nigel do '' tit - Willow . '' after a few phrase , camera pan over to the SMALL music room . seat be cedric , cissy and reggie . though we can not hear , cedric be talk to they while wilf close the door . wilf where be this go , cedric ? cedric I will cut to the chase . I have a brilliant suggestion . since the four of you be here together again , I put it to you , that you should perform - at - the - gala - ( dramatic pause ) - the quartet from rigoletto . cissy ( gasp ) | that 's amazing . I have be listen to we , rig - cedric ( cut she off ) think of the publicity , the Times , the telegraph , Opera today . we have four of the finest singer in English operatic history . we have more than sell out . 65 silence . then : wilf ( quietly to reggie ) we all know the bloody thing , we will not have to rehearse that much . cissy but Jean will not sing in the gala . cedric oh , but you must change she mind . she 's a huge draw . it would be as if Maria callas be make a come - back . reggie I be not sure I want to sing with Jean again . cedric ( look at other ) why not ? cissy they be marry , but it do not - reggie no - cissy , leave it out . no , I do not want to . cedric ( study reggie ) well , it 's a shame . I can not count the number of gala you have grace over the year with you incomparable voice , and I mean that sincerely . I do not think you realize it Reggie , but people still talk about you ' celeste aida 's four year ago . you ' Ave Maria 's two year ago . ( reggie beginning to weaken ) I know you do not think much of I , Reggie , that 's fine , but for what it 's worth , when I hear you sing you ' nessun dorma 's at the gala last year , all I think be ' eat you heart out , pavarotti ! 's ( reggie weaken more ) with this one concert , we could raise enough money to get we through and attract much need new benefactor . you would help save beecham House , reginald . ( meaningfully ) ( more ) 66 cedric ( cont 'd ) unfortunately , art be a luxury to be pay for by that to whom it matter . silence . cedric sense the hook be set . cedric ( cont ’d ) well , I must leave . at any rate , I appreciate you consideration . cedric leave . wilf ( try to be off - hand ) it 's one gala , reg . you could do it . you could persuade Jean . I know it . reggie ( look at wilf , say wryly ) well , money have always drive art . he take out he notebook and pen . wilf one gala . it 's we life . reggie ( as he 's write ) Count kaiserl commission the Goldberg variation . Culture be not spread by artist but by merchant - ( hand the note to cissy ) it 's to save beecham House . wilf well do , reg . cissy thank you , dear , dear , Reggie . 67 int . jean be room - evening jean sit in fade light read reggie 's book by rilke . suddenly , the door open , cissy dart in , put the fold note on a table and disappear . intrigue , jean rise , go over to the door . she unfold the note and read . she be puzzle and suspicious . int . dr . cogan' office - morning dr . cogan be seat at she desk , lean back in she chair . wilf seat . wilf just two favour - dr . cogan wish to bring the negotiation to a conclusion - dr . cogan exactly what do you propose ? wilf '' the swan '' restaurant . just the four of we . dr . cogan four ? wilf I , Reggie , cissy and Jean . nobby will drive we . dr . cogan what 's wrong with tadek . wilf night off . ( she 's uncertain ) if we can persuade Jean to sing at the benefit gala , think of the money we would raise . cedric say we could charge covent Garden price . dr . cogan ( write it down ) in by ten-thirty . no later . wilf twelve -thirty . dr . cogan no. 68 wilf be you sure ? dr . cogan yes . wilf what brand do you smoke , Lucy ? she look at he . start write . dr . cogan twelve -thirty . no later . wilf done , Lucy . dr . cogan and please , call I Dr. cogan . wilf done . Dr. cogan . dr . cogan why be it , wilfre , that I always have the impression you be up to no good ? wilf ah , that 's because I be always up to no good . ( see flower in a vase ) May I ? and please call I wilf . wilf take one and put it in he lapel . dr . cogan what 's the second favour ? wilf guess . dr . cogan I all pick the lesser of two evil . you want to call I Lucy . wilf yes , for starter . dr . cogan I be not sure I want that in my care to become too familiar . wilf try it and see . 69 dr . cogan why do you persist in flirt with I ? wilf because you be a cracker , Lucy . not a bird , not a girl , not a bimbo , but a rare species , a real woman . dr . cogan ( start to rise ) I be flatter , but I have professional ethic to uphold . wilf throw caution to the wind , Lucy . if we be to - how shall I put it ? - make magnificent music together , I would never report you - dr . cogan ( ushere he to the door ) that be reassure , wilf . wilf ( rise ) think about it , Lucy . dr . cogan no , wilf . wilf a weekend in London ? dr . cogan no , wilf . wilf , at the door , take the hint . wilf no one will know , Lucy . dr . cogan but I will know , wilf . wilf ( vague gesture of promise ) Lucy , a older man - vintage wine - seasoned wood - dr . cogan do you say seasoned wood ? wilf smile . 70 overlap , from a music room , a mute trumpet ( tony rose ) practice the quartet from rigoletto . int . staircase hall - magic hour wilf and cissy , dress for the occasion but in clothes a little out of date . reggie , also very smart , on the look -out . all three be pleasurably excited . wilf cissy , remember , as rehearse , wait until she 's legless , then we hit she with it . cissy ( nod ) I will not say a word until you give I the cue . wilf we will get she so sozzle she will say yes to anything - reggie ( hiss ) she 's come - here she be . ( resolve weaken ) oh God , I do not know why I agree to this - jean emerge on the landing also smartly dress for the evening . reggie ( cont 'd ) ( to wilf , sotto voce ) she look - fairly all rightish . as jean walk to the top of the stair . cissy you look lovely , Jean - jean thank you . wilf you give new meaning to the word ' chic’ . you agree , reg ? reggie force a smile . jean thank you . this be so - so very kind of you . 71 cissy it 's the least we can do . wilf the very least . jean , at the top of the stair , pause , look down as reggie read she mind . he bound up the stair and offer he arm . ext . beecham house - night they all get into the van - it leave . int . the swan - bar area - night lar , 40' , danish male , lead jean , reggie , wilf and cissy through the dining area , crowded with patron . the quartet seem out of place , dress in the fashion of the 70' . as lar lead they to they table . lar this way , Mr. bond . we have you table ready and a bottle of the house red and a bottle of the house white , just as you ask . wilf thank you , lar . Quick as you can . the four walk out of shot to the booth . int . the swan —- dine room - night wilf , tipsy , finish a bottle by topping up they glass as they be about to finish they main course . a waiter put more bottle on the table , take the empty one , and leave . wilf a toast ! to you , Jean . from all of we . welcome . they clink glass to jean - she look at they warmly . jean thank you . cissy you have to make eye contact when you clink or else it 's bad luck . 72 they re-clink they glass , make eye contact . all cheer ! while they finish they main course : cissy ( stare at jean , a bit in she cup ) Jean , do you listen to you old recording ? before jean can answer . cissy ( cont 'd ) I listen to we a lot . as a matter of fact , they want Reggie to sing La donna @ mobile for the gala . but now , Jean , it 's so exciting they want we — wilf put a restrain hand on cissy be arm . jean what ? reggie ( jump in ) '' La donna @ mobile qual plumo al vento . '' woman be as fickle as a feather in the wind . jean ( she eat and drink , ignore the inference ) I fall in love with you when I first hear you sing that . reggie ( he sip wine ) that 's why I never sing it again . I take twelve curtain call . jean you take nine , I take twelve . reggie who 's count ? jean eye he , eat and drink . wilf refill she glass , but jean remain stone cold sober . the other do not . 73 jean the other night , at the opera house , as Sir George 's guest I receive a stand ovation . be not that something ? reggie now you be do it again . jean what ? reggie ( rather tiddly ) repeating yourself . but what 's it matter ? in opera , we repeat ourselves all the time , repeat , repeat , repeat ourselves - — ( wilf join in ) - ourselves , ourselves , ( in italian ) - ci ripetiamo , ci ripetiamo , continuamente - jean you be both drunk . reggie nod yes . wilf Si , perché no . E adesso ... ( a toast to the quartet in italian ) un brindisi al quartetto everyone raise they glass . jean ( as they be toast ) what quartet ? all cheer ! jean what be you talk about ? wilf cedric want we to sing at verdi 's birthday gala - ( put he hand out to jean ) - wait for it , wait for it - pregnant pause . wilf nod to reggie . then : reggie & wilf ( in italian ) - il quartetto dal rigoletto . 74 they smile crookedly . expressionless , jean look shocked . pause . cissy ( tipsy ) that mean the quartet from rigoletto . jean ( stunne ) what a damn fool idea . reggie it 's a great honour , Jean . jean a great honour ? cissy she say a great honour ! she agree ! she 's legless ! jean no , I be not legless . I have not agree to anything . and do not talk about I as if I be not here . ( she look at all of they ) this be why you ask I to dinner . wilf no , we ask you because - he break off . cissy - because we love you . they avert she gaze . jean let I ask you something ? when do you last sing ? this morning in the bath ? in the shower ? have anyone hear you recently ? have you any idea of the noise you now make ? do you really want to be a laugh stock ? why do not you have the gut to just tell I what you want ? how shameful of you to try to trick I . you be pathetic . jean rise and walk out . wilf whoops . cissy do that mean yes ? 75 ext . the swan - night jean march from the pub . nobby exit the van and stand by the car door . nobby D ' you have a good time ? jean no . open the door . int . the swan - night after a moment , wilf , reggie and cissy begin to walk unsteadily through the restaurant . wilf try to pick a flower from a vase and end up toppling the vase , spilling the water . lead wilf ( walk away ) I think I spill , wilf go to leave , cissy be ahead . they pass a television in the bar . cissy continue on but something catch wilf and reggie be eye and they stop : a rap group sing but there be , of course , no sound . wilf ( cont ’d ) what d' you think they be sing , reg ? after a moment : reggie Il quartetto da rigoletto . angle from the back of wilf and reggie - we see wilf be gesture , imitate the rap group . ext . the swan - night jean stare through the van window as wilf and reggie start to stagger out of the restaurant . wilf ( rap in a English accent ) .-. and I be gonna live to be a hundred , and I can tell you why , ( measure up with he arm ) ' cos I can still get it up - oh so high ! reggie ( gesture with he arm , but much lower ) he can still get it up - but not so high . 1 eed ( laugh ) yo , yo , oh so high . 76 nobby ( call from the van ) sorry to interrupt gent , but miss Horton would like to go back . the van 's engine start . reggie ( laugh ) yo , yo , yo , not so high . wilf , reggie and cissy stagger to the people carrier and get in . int . people carrier ( travelling ) - night jean sit on the right side , stare out of the window . on the leave side , reggie be stare out of he window , try to stay awake . wilf and cissy be asleep . int . jean be room - night - rain 33 rpm record come out of sleeve and onto a turntable . Close up of the needle hit the record . jean be silhouett , sit , listen , follow almost soundlessly to she aria from madama Butterfly , '' un bel Di vedremo . '' int . dine room - next day breakfast , morning jean enter the dining room in she dress gown and walk up to the table . 77 jean why do not you just come out with it - instead of this charade of take I to dinner . why do not you just say , you want we , average age hundred and ninety - eight , sing the quarter from rigoletto ? a honour ? it 's not a honour ? it 's not a honour , it 's insanity . what you do be disgusting . all of you ! ( turn on reggie ) I be go to say something very rude to you - fuck you , fuck you reginald paget . jean turn and walk out . as cissy , reggie and wilf try to adjust , aware of people in the dining room stare . one of they look out the window and see paramedics wheeling a gurney carry olly , with dr . cogan follow . she have word with the paramedics and then turn . she walk towards the dining room and enter . dr . cogan I just want to say that it seem olly be not well ... it 's he recur condition . but he will be check and he 's go to be fine . people in the room look at each other . focus on wilf , reggie and cissy , who start to put she earphone on . as dr . cogan leave we hear - harry 's voice tell I , what be you do in London ? george' voice London ? I be here look for work . harry voice work ? george' voice work . harry 's voice in London ? heh heh . ext. / int . music room - day GEORGE why , be not there any work in London ? 78 harry just a leetle bit ! GEORGE just a leetle bit ! harry just a leetle bit ! GEORGE ( posh ) hey mister , with everything in life , I just would like to ask you one question . harry ( sing ) why you silly so-and - so . with all you dough . GEORGE and harry continue to sing flanagan & Allen 's - '' be you havin 's any fun '' with tony rose on trumpet and dave on piano . through the window , we see - ext . garden - day cissy , nobby and simon pick flower . cissy walk away with a large bundle of flower . int . jean be room - day Close up of jean 's face . jean go away ! go away ! cissy , stand in the open doorway , hold flower . cissy it 's I , Jean . cissy . jean I say go away ! cissy insist , hold the flower . she come a few step in . cissy but I have bring you a present , this be beautiful iceberg rose . jean get out ! 79 cissy nobby have never allow they to be pick before . ( smile , hopeful ) you see , I just want to talk to you about the quartet , it 's such a good - jean , out of she chair , grab some of the flower from cissy . jean ( yell ) get out ! leave I alone you stupid cow ! int . MAIN hall landing - day cissy , stunne , turn to run out the door as jean throw flower at she . cover she ear and eye close , she collide with a staff person carry a tray of glass . she fall down near the railing . alarm face from below look up . the remain flower float down to the ground . int . sanitorium - night a dimly light room . empty bed except for one that have screen partially conceal the patient . sheryl , the nurse , in attendance . cis ssy , in bed , subdued , but smile bravely . reggie and wilf sit either side . cissy I do not know why everyone be make such a fuss . I be sure she do not mean it . reggie ( quietly ) Jean always mean it . cissy do she ? oh , dear . it 's so hard always try to see the good in people . maybe she 's just depressed . reggie do you feel up to tell we what happen ? sheryl come to she bedside and take she pulse . cissy ( groggy ) she throw something at I . wilf what do she throw ? cissy I think the heat be get to she . I really do think she will find it cooler in simla . wilf , reggie and sheryl exchange look . sheryl very likely . dr . cogan enter . dr . cogan I hope you have not let they stay too long , sheryl - sheryl no , Dr. cogan - reggie ( aside , to dr . cogan ) she will be all right , will she ? dr . cogan yes , of course . just a little shocked , that 's all . we will keep she overnight . sheryl you will be fine in the morning will not you , my darling ? cissy thank you , sheryl. ( to wilf ) such a dear girl . beautifully endow , do not you think ? wilf smile . dr . cogan gesture reggie and wilf to leave . she beckon sheryl to the table near the door and look at she note . wilf ( indicate a empty bed , quietly ) I say , Lucy , I see you have a empty bed . you would not like to keep I in overnight , would you ? I feel a headache come on . 81 dr . cogan she need she sleep . come back tomorrow . wilf ( as he 's leave ) it 's a shame to let it go to waste . int . MAIN hall landing - night reggie and wilf walk down the corridor towards the stair . wilf remember barber of Seville in the sixty at covent Garden . who be that big mezzo-soprano who be do it with that little tenor in the bathtub . she get suction in . what be she name ? ( no answer from reggie ) in London , remember ? the little guy could not get she out . reggie still do not answer , but smile . they reach the top of the stair . wilf ( cont ’d ) she be italian . remember ? the tenor have to dial 999 . reggie ( reluctantly ) beatrice botticelli . at that moment they see jean be head come into view slowly as she 's ascend the stair . jean ( as she reach the top of the stair ) how be she ? wilf she will be fine . ( she walk past they ; they start down the stair ) you be right , beatrice botticelli . ( slowly go out of view ) they say she high note be never the same . 82 int . sanitorium - night sheryl be at the foot of cissy be bed , read note . jean enter . sheryl sorry , miss Horton , she 's sleep . jean hesitates . jean will you be sure she know I come to see she ? sheryl yes , of course . jean I nil come back in the morning . jean turn to go . from behind the screen : a voice Jean ? be that you ? jean be take aback . jean who 's that ? sheryl Mr. white. jean ( amaze ) Frank White ? May I see he ? behind the screen frank white , a once dazzlingly handsome man , in he late 70' , and somewhat frail , lie in bed as jean come round the screen . frank I think I recognise you voice . ( a smile ) as who could not ? just one of my spell . nothing serious . but I will not be take part in the gala . ( he gaze fondly at she ) you be still very lovely , Jean . 83 jean I have no idea you be here . I would have visit you . ( lovingly ) dear , dear Frank . ( sit beside the bed ) how be you ? frank thank you . ( she take he hand ; they smile . ) what a fling we have . jean yes , what a fling , indeed . short but giddy . frank and that luxurious hotel . jean I do not remember the hotel . I remember you rush off and not see you for day on end . frank yes , but you never guess . jean never guess what ? frank you remember enrico cardinale ? jean the baritone ? of course I remember he . I have a fling with he , too . frank so do I . at the same time as I be have you . jean no ! do you , Frank ? frank I certainly do . ( they laugh then look lovingly at each other ) and you have be up to you usual trick . ( nod to cissy in the other room ) I hear it all from cissy . 84 jean I do not know what come over I . I be very ashamed but I be so unhappy here and - her voice trail off . frank poor cissy . she do so want to perform the quartet . jean not possible . frank ( study she ) a word of advice . take part . if you can not sing at the gala , do conjure trick . the only alternative be to be the guest of honour at the crematorium . his word touch and trouble she . ext . town - morning - rain nobby come out of a store hold a umbrella and package . wrapping paper be stick out of one of the package . overlap barber of Seville . int . MAIN hall / MAIN hall landing - morning nobby continue past the common room . in the background , reggie , wilf , bobby and cissy rehearse barber of seville . he continue to jean 's room and knock . she answer , take the package , thanks he , give he a note and some money . she say a few word to he that we do not hear , as she close the door . int . common room - morning bobby , wilf and reggie be follow a score . on tv be the barber of Seville which they be , at time , watch . cissy be sit behind they . bobby be you sure about this , wilfre ? wilf it 's the only trio we can think of , Bobby . the three of we do the barber of Seville a dozen time . 85 bobby it 's you decision . now , let 's see- ( scan the score ) you will each need at least six session - panic : reggie & wilf six ? wilf we do not have the time - they look up to see nobby come into the room . he hand the note to reggie as he whisper something . int . jean be room - morning - rain jean be seat rather regally . wilf , reggie and cissy be stand just inside the door , before she . they exchange silent look . jean please sit . cissy look for a chair , vainly , and then sit on the edge of the bed . wilf , see no chair , up - end a low wastepaper - bin and sit on it as reggie go around the bed and sit in the chair by the dresser . they sit . jean ( cont 'd ) ( gesture ) wilf , you can sit on the bed . wilf I be fine . I eat all my meal sit on wastepaper-bin . 86 jean ( ignore he comment ) first of all - again , I want to apologise to you , cissy . what I do be appall . and to you , wilf . wilf I do not remember you throw anything at I . jean please do not make fun of I . and to you , Reggie . reggie I think it be I who should apologise to you , Jean . they eye meet . finally she rise , go to a side table , on top of which there be some poorly wrap gift . jean I have gift for you . she pick they up hand one to cissy , one to wilf and walk around the bed and give the third to reggie . she return to she regal chair and sit . jean ( cont 'd ) well . open they . cissy tear open she package . wilf hold he badly wrap gift out by one or two finger . cissy a CD of we rigoletto ! how lovely . wilf smile ironically . jean I know you already have copy , but I have sign that . so that make they rather valuable . wilf resist a comment . jean ( cont 'd ) I also wrap they myself . wilf I be think you do . jean ignore wilf , look at reggie who have just open he gift , a jar of lime marmalade and look up at jean . he be move . they eye meet . 87 from somewhere , the sound of a violin play massenet 's Meditation from thais , to the accompaniment of a harp . there be a awkward silence . wilf ( cont 'd ) ( look at other ) be that it ? jean ( confuse ) yes . wilf rise awkwardly from he perch and move to the door . wilf ( at door ) thanks for the sign CD . do you mind if we put they on ebay ? another awkward pause . wilf and reggie exchange share look . cissy , still seat on the bed , look in she purse . jean ( rise ) thank you for come . cissy , rise , confuse , take out earphone attempt to untangle they . wilf C ’mon cissy . cissy go toward wilf . reggie stand by he chair . cissy ( still untangle earphone ) have you change you mind about the gala ? jean ( emphatic ) no . wilf ( a slow burn ) of course you have not . why should you ? it 's only to celebrate and honour the birthday of one of the great composer for the human voice who have ever live . jean you must understand that I be somebody once - 88 cissy ( still untangle ) I think I be somebody now - jean but to be honest , I shine the brightest in the firmament . wilf murmur a gaelic curse . jean realize she 's go too far . jean ( cont 'd ) I can not insult the memory of who I once be . wilf ( explode ) '' the memory ? '' what do you mean '' the memory ? '' whose '' memory ? '' you fan ? they be dead . they be all dead ! either that or they be live here and soon will be . reggie hold a hand out to stop wilf . wilf ( cont 'd ) for Christ sake Jean , all you have ever do be to rely on external affirmation . and look what it cost you . just fuck do it ! jean what you refuse to understand be that I be a different person today . wilf no , you be not . nor be we . we have age , that 's all . and it happen so fast , we do not have time to change . in spirit , I be the same lovely lad I always be . I just happen to be trap in a cage make of rusty iron bar , with , thank the lord , a undiminished level of testosterone . jean I simply can not . ( all eye on she ; barely audible ) my gift desert I . reggie it desert we , too , Jean . it 's call life . 89 jean ( look at reggie ) yes . shit happen . cissy oh my darling , ageing be not for sissy . jean no . her eye fall on reggie 's . all smile . reggie let go , Jean , let go . there 's no harm . who know - we might even enjoy it . we be artist be not we ? and we be mean to celebrate life . what else be we do for all that year ? jean oh Christ , Reggie . be you tell I to go out and smell the rose ? cissy oh - the rose be long go . but the chrysanthemums be extraordinary . it break the tension . cissy ( cont 'd ) please , Jean . if you say yes , cedric will give we the star spot instead of Anne langley . jean ( suddenly alert ) Anne langley ? here at beecham house ? I think they have commit she . cissy she want to sing violetta . she be a very fine violetta . jean oh please , cissy , violetta be suppose to be die of tuberculosis . Anne langley look as if she be sing falstaff and she sound like a cat hang glide . cissy well , she 's sing tosca now . we would have the finale , Jean ! 90 jean tosca ? cissy you be the most brilliant tosca ever , Jean . the last time I hear she tosca , she vibrato sound like it be wave at we . jean not wave , but drown . reggie be that a yes ? omitted int . dine room - evening chatter . cissy and wilf at they table . sudden silence , then excited murmur . enter the dining room , jean on reggie 's arm make a royal entrance . they pass anne langley . jean give she a gracious smile , a Queen motherly wave . anne langley stare back , she get up and march out of the dining room . jean and reggie reach the table . 91 as jean sit - one at a time , then join all together , six resident spread throughout the room start sing '' happy birthday , '' as eva and marta bring a light birthday cake towards octavia in she wheel chair . all ( sing ) happy birthday , dear octavia . happy birthday to you . applause from the room as jean watch . int . anne langley 's room - evening anne langley stand up , furious . on the wall , poster with she name write in large type . photograph , one of she , curtsey low , be present to the Queen . letitia pull yourself together , Anne . what do it matter when you sing ? anne langley I be tell I have the finale . I have be second fiddle to Jean Horton for God know how many year . ( more ) 92 anne langley ( cont 'd ) and I only ever get the part she turn down . in my sleep I be a far better singer than she be and she 's - she 's so - so anorexic . damn she ! it 's not fair ! she only sing from the chest . damn she ! ext . church - day we hear music from rigoletto from inside the church . int . church - day the string quartet , tony rose , letitia with felicity turn page , finish the music . seat be reggie , wilf , cissy and jean . all eye on jean . jean ( quietly ) I think we have to cut down the length . I do not think I can get my breathe back . I be not sure about the top note . they nod . they know she . they know she work ethic . int . / ext . montage intercut jean be preparation with the gala preparation . play against bach 's piano fugue in d- minor . conclude with - the steinway be wheeled into place by nobby and simon , just below the stage while light be be rig . nobby then instruct simon upstairs on the railing how to use the follow spot . ext . drive , beecham house - day Cars arrive . Visitors of all age tramp down towards the house . int . entrance hall - day visitors greeting resident . chatter , laughter . on a easel , a hand - paint poster : jean horton sing and other name . sheryl and dwayne sit at a table issue ticket and take money . 93 int . common room - day resident be make up by dwayne , angelique , marta , tracy , and sheryl . chatter and excitement , occasional laughter . int . MAIN hall - day the audience continue to settle in . dr . cogan greet some of the visitor . int . common room - day reggie and wilf be put the final touch to they brindisi attire : hair , makeup , etc . behind the screen . reggie ... and then I ’1ll say that the quartet from rigoletto be not only one of verdi 's masterpiece , but also one of the great milestone in the history of opera . and then I shall introduce each of we in turn - jean ( sit at a mirror in she dress gown , do makeup and hair , etc . ) I will enter last . wilf raise he eye to heaven . cissy , dress for the brindisi and hold article of makeup be on she way out . jean ( cont 'd ) cissy , where be you go ? you have to help I with my gown . cissy of course I will Jean . I be just go to do Anne langley 's makeup . jean you will need a lot of makeup for that face . omitted omitted 95 96 int . MAIN hall - day the resident , include cissy , reggie and wilf , filing on to the stage and take they place . bobby supervise . cedric peer into the crowd from behind the curtain . cedric ( to bobby ) ... and that 's the critic from the Times . in front of the curtain dr . cogan go to the front and face the audience . dr . cogan lady and gentleman - ( a hush ) lady and gentleman , welcome to beecham House and we annual gala in honour of giuseppe verdi . and today , we celebrate he hundredth birthday . first , I would like to express we debt of gratitude to the amazing Mr. cedric livingstone for organise the event . applause . cedric make he entrance to he seat and acknowledge the applause graciously . behind the curtain bobby , in white tie and tail , peeping through the curtain at the audience . cedric thank you , thank you , lady and entlemen . and let I just say , in all modesty , great artist need a great director - applause . cedric milk it , and then sit . dr . cogan this year , in aid of we rebuild programme , you have all respond so generously and we thank you for that with all we heart . and , I , too , would like to thank all that take part in the gala itself . the preparation and rehearsals have keep everyone busy and excited for the past few month . 97 dr . cogan ( cont 'd ) I , and all my staff , feel highly privileged to have in we care such talented people , gift musician who seem to find renew energy when they anticipate perform before a audience . it keep they young . in front of the curtain sympathetic laughter and applause . dr . cogan ( cont 'd ) and just let I say something else on behalf of everyone work in beecham House . we owe that in we charge a enormous debt . they inspire we . yes , they love of life be infectious and give we all faith in the future . I mean that . now . I know many of you be eagerly await we star turn this evening who have prove such a attraction but about whom I will say no more . applause and murmur . DR. cogan ( cont 'd ) thank you and I hope you have - I be sure you will have a enjoyable afternoon . she take she seat as letitia and felicity enter . cedric ostentatiously start the applause . letitia sit at the piano , felicity beside she to turn the page . the audience begin to settle . behind the curtain bobby , in the wing through the curtain , turn , make a gesture for the resident ( include reggie , wilf and cissy ) to be still , then a nod . in front of the curtain 98 the light dim . murmur of anticipation . after a moment the curtain open and the resident be reveal , make - up and glow . Wild applause . bobby hold up he hand . silence . bobby give letitia the cue and she start the introduction to the brindisi . the resident begin to sing with great enthusiasm . int . common room - day jean , sit at she mirror . the sound of applause . cissy burst in . cissy oh , it 's so exciting . they love the brindisi . jean you have keep I wait . please help I with my dress . cissy instantly . reggie and wilf pop in on the way to they room — wilf who 's on next ? cissy Anne langley . jean ( alert ) I ‘’1l be right back . we hear anne langley begin she aria . jean leave . reggie and wilf share a look . 99 int . MAIN hall - day anne langley be sing the aria from tosca - vissi D 's arte , accompany by letitia . int . MAIN hall - backstage - day peek between the curtain backstage , jean watch and listen to anne langley 's every move . omitted 100 int . MAIN hall - backstage - day as anne langley come to the end of she vissi D ’arte aria . she sing astonishingly . jean stay to observe the applause as Gilbert and Sullivan wait in the wing . int . MAIN hall - day the audience applaud and cheer anne langley . she beam with pleasure . someone throw a corsage on to the stage . as she start to retrieve it , simon run from the wing and hand it to she . Gilbert and Sullivan come onto the stage . omitted 101 int . MAIN hall - day in full swing , lotte , norma and marion perform the last chorus of Three Little Maids from School . they wear makeshift kimonos and flutter they fan expertly . the audience be enchant and applaud wildly . int . common room - day cissy be help jean on with she costume . cissy Jean , I have a confession to make . I think I ought to tell you I hada one - night stand with Roberto D ’angelo , the same week you do . jean ( amused and surprised ) not you , too , cissy ? what a busy boy he must have be . cissy yes and very potent . they smile at each other . cissy be do up the hook on the back of jean 's dress . after a moment - cissy ( cont 'd ) how long be you marry to Reggie ? jean not for very long . cissy how long ? jean exactly nine hour . cissy finish jean 's hook and start to put on she own dress . cissy nine hour . how long do you know each other ? jean before we be marry , we have be , how shall I put it , passionate , if you know what I mean ? 102 cissy ( wistfully ) oh , I do , I do . jean after about a year , he get down on he knee and ask I to marry he . he be very old - fashioned , you know . cissy he still be . jean yes , he be . so I agree and a date be fix . but then we have to change it because I get a job at La scala . and there I meet - I meet - she hesitates . Gilbert and Sullivan enter the common room , exhilated . cissy go on , go on , I be breathless , who be it ? jean no name , no arias . it be nothing serious - just - just one night - with a italian tenor . cissy just one night ? jean two . they never take no for a answer . anyway , Reggie and I be eventually marry at three o'clock on a Sunday afternoon in May . my father give we a suite at the savoy Hotel . we be to spend the night there and then go to Paris the next morning for we honeymoon . we have a champagne supper . scramble egg , toast and lime marmalade . and then I blurt it out . I tell he I would be unfaithful when I sing at La scala . cissy ( shocked ) you do not ! jean I do . cissy why ? why do you tell he ? 103 jean I do not know . I just do . I feel the need to be honest . cissy that 's always a mistake . jean Reggie demand to know why I do not cancel the wedding . he be very angry ... she break off . cissy and he walk out . jean no , he run . cissy but he be heartbroken , Jean , by you confession , because you would be unfaithful - after a moment , jean nod , wearily , resign . jean yes , yes , I know that now . I be young and impetuous and drive . ( beat - lose in think ) I be afraid of we . I have my career . cissy that 's why you cheat ? 104 jean no . that 's why I tell he . ( beat ) and that be the mistake of my life . and now it 's too late . cissy you still have you future . jean I do not think there 's a lot of it - there just be not . it 's all be . int . common room - day GEORGE , harry , tony and dave finish '' underneath the arch '' to great applause . they bow , look at cedric who be not applaud . they wave they hand to encourage he to clap . he do so . limply . harry encore ! encore ! GEORGE I think you have never ask - cedric give they a vulgar V sign as they go into ' run rabbit run 's . int . FITNESS room & SMALL music room - day jean be now do up the hook on cissy 's dress . jean struggle with cissy 's hook . jean God , this be too tight for you , cissy , I can not fasten it - cissy ( become agitate ) but I alter it , I alter it - a knock on the door and simon put he head round . simon it 's get near , lady - ( call ) do you hear that , gent , it 's get near ? reggie thank you , Simon . simon go . jean still struggle . cissy , more agitate . 105 cissy I alter it . try , Jean , do try - jean I be try , I can not fasten it - cissy stop , stop ! i’1l take it off , I all let it out a bit more . ( take off she costume ) where 's the scissors ? she start wander aimlessly . jean cissy , where be you go ? cissy Home . do not I tell you ? I be go home -— cissy 's eye have a vacant look . jean what be you talk about ? cissy start to leave the dress area and head into the common room . cissy well , I be off . Goodbye . jean hobble after she . jean ( call out ) crisis ! wilf and reggie , in various stage of formal dress , follow cissy and jean . cissy see they . cissy oh ! how awful , I nearly go without say goodbye . Goodbye , wilfre , reginald . wish I bon voyage . cissy start to hurriedly walk through the common room toward the french door . wilf for God 's sake , do not let they see she in this state - reggie move fast after she . 106 omitted int . common room - day to the sound of the string quartet play the adagio , reggie chase after cissy . GEORGE and harry watch bewilder as they head back to the dress area . cissy make for the french door as reggie reach she , panting . reggie cissy , you be not to leave . it 's verdi 's birthday gala . now. ( cissy stare at he ) we be do the quartet from rigoletto . the quartet , cissy - cissy I do hope it go well . Goodbye - ( suddenly stop , look past reggie ) be not that Jean Horton ? I think she would not sing anymore - reggie turn to see jean and wilf approach . reggie she 's do for . jean ( with some severity ) cissy , pull yourself together . cissy stare blankly at she ; jean grip she hand . cissy mother and father be wait for I . jean you be not go anywhere , you be stay here , with you fellow artist . with you friend , cissy . wilf Friends who love you , cissy . we love you , cissy ! ( nothing from cissy ) what 's the Hindi for love ? ( loudly ) I adore you , cissy . do not run out on I . 107 jean cissy , you ship do not sail for two week . a faint , flicker response from cissy . cissy do not it ? ( suddenly alarmed ) what time be it ? jean late . you have work to do on you dress . a uneasy pause . then , in a rush : cissy yes , yes , yes . ( wilf take she by the hand , start to lead she back ) it 's always the little thing that upset one , it will fit , I know it will fit - reggie give jean he arm as they , too , start to go back . reggie ( a sigh of relief ) that be a close run thing . well do , Jean . jean I have a great deal of experience with my mother . only she use to become violent . int . MAIN hall - day the quartet be come to the end of the third movement . int . common room - day back in the dress area cissy wriggle into she costume . cissy let 's try again - jean start to do she up . wilf be in the midst of stuff a second pair of sock into the front of he pants . 108 wilf ( to the girl ) how 's that ? be I a fine figure of a man or be I not ? reggie 's voice I have to say I find it very distasteful . the girl ignore wilf . cissy ( to jean ) well ? jean manage to fasten the dress . jean just . cissy thank God for that . wilf well ? with one finger from each hand point in the direction of he crotch . wilf ( cont ’d ) well ? no_one answer . as they continue get . ready wilf walk back into he dress area , remove the sock , shaking he head . wilf ( cont ’d ) it be just a joke . int . MAIN hall - day the string quartet finish the third movement . joey , seat near cedric , start to applaud . cedric instinctively grab joey be arm to stop he . joey aggressively whip he hand away . the string quartet begin the last movement . int . common room - day reggie be look at he score when simon poke he head around the screen . simon place , lady . ( a little louder ) place , gentleman . all thank you , Simon . reggie get up , take cissy with he . they walk toward the backstage area . 109 int . MAIN hall - day the string quartet continue to play . int . common room / staircase hall - day wilf and jean walk toward the backstage area with they cane . wilf Jean , we stick . I think we should try to get through without they . jean I be not sure I can . my hip 's very bad tonight . wilf I be not sure I can either . but I think we should try . it would be more dignify . more operatic . jean I may have to lean on you . wilf lean on reg , it have be safer . and he have be very pleased . he adore you . ( she look doubtful ) trust I . they enter backstage . jean ( whisper ) do he ? wilf ( whisper ) of course he do . I do not think reg have ever stop loving you . jean how do you know ? have he say so ? jean catch reggie 's eye . the string quartet be come to the end of the movement . jean hold and then come to he . they look at each other for a moment , then he look away . 110 reggie ( meaningfully ) at least you will not be sing at La scala again . jean no. never again . never again , Reggie . reggie be that a apology ? jean it be . ( she look at he ) you look very handsome tonight , reg . reggie ( turn back to she ) and you look very beautiful , Jean . jean and now we be old . a long look at jean from reggie . reggie ( be it tongue in cheek ? ) then let 's get marry . the string quartet have just finish they last movement and the audience be applaud . after a moment , reggie Marches on the stage to a even bigger applause . int . MAIN hall —- day a bright spotlight burst onto reggie . the audience continue applaud , cheer and whistling . some of the resident now stand or sit at the back and join in enthusiastically . reggie bow , put on he read glass and produce piece of paper . reggie lady and gentleman , this afternoon , my three colleague and I be hope to transport you to time past . we have come to the conclusion , after much argument and discussion , that we be unchange . at least in spirit . and that spirit be most intensely express when we sing . ( more ) 111 reggie ( cont 'd ) and so , on this 10th of October , the anniversary of guiseppe verdi , I hope you will be move by the glorious music . rigoletto be one of verdi 's masterpiece . and the quartet be one of the great milestone in the history of opera . so now it be time for I to make the introduction . I myself be , of course , the Duke of mantua , and as rigoletto , we be fortunate to have the popular , celebrate baritone , Mr. wilfre bond . wilfred walk on without cane to great applause and bow . when he straighten up : reggie ( cont 'd ) and , as maddalena , we own , we very own , the delicious miss cecily robson . cissy enter and curtsy to great applause and cheer . reggie ( cont 'd ) and last , but not least , one of the great star in the operatic firmament for whom , I know , you have all be wait , please welcome as gilda , the great , the incomparable , miss Jean Horton . jean enter , without cane , walk with difficulty , can barely curtsey to the great applause and cheer . reggie ( cont 'd ) lady and gentleman , the quartet from Act Three , scene one of rigoletto by the great maestro , guiseppe verdi . by now , the instrumentalist have assemble themselves next to the piano . they begin to play the quartet from rigoletto . the singer will commence sing . during it , we will see jean falter . she will lose she balance and start to sink as reggie put he arm around she waist to steady she . jean will pick up again and the orchestra will continue . various moment like this will occur until the quartet finish . at the conclusion , the audience will applaud and the quartet take they curtain call . during the applause , jean will whisper to reggie - 112 jean if you ever ask I to do this again , I ' 1l kill you . they smile at each other as the audience continue to applaud .