queen of the damned written by Scott abbott and Michael petroni base on the novel by Anne Rice fade in : 1 ext . lafayette cemetery ( new orlean ) - night 1 a empty breeze blow across a desert cemetery . we hear the sound of footstep approaching , then nineteenth - century boot enter frame . we follow they strolling past the headstone and mausoleum . the sound of a horse and carriage echoes in the distance . voice ( v.o. ) there come a time for every vampire when the idea of eternity become momentarily unbearable ... as we reach a old stone tomb , the boot leap up and out of frame . pan up to reveal : a figure stand steadily atop the roof of the tomb , silhouett against the moon like a large , black bird . voice ( v.o. ) the wound suffer from love and fail friendship do not heal like a human' , but seem to only gape larger . the long to be mortal return , a long for finiteness . a beat as the indistinct figure gaze out at the night ... CUT to : 2 omitted 2 &amp ; &amp ; 3 3 4 ext . tomb - continuous action 4 the figure enter a alabaster tomb and close the door . voice ( v.o. ) in 1883 I suffer such a spell and decide to cease feed on blood . just lie in the earth and let time return to its natural state ... as the wind pick up , the leave of a fledgle vine grow up the side of the tomb begin to rattle faster and faster , until curiously , time seem to speed up . night pass to day and back to night . shadows from the sun and moon drift across the tomb . as day and month fly by , the vine wind and grow in circuitous pattern all around the tomb . ( continued ) 2 . 4 continued : 4 voice ( v.o. ) I have hope the sound of the pass era would fade out , and a kind of death might happen . a kind of forget where I would be heal from my wound . the clip -clop of horse and the squeak of perambulator dissolve into the thump and scrape of industrial engine . voice ( v.o. ) but as I lay there , the sound do not fade but grow with the world . the buzz of prop engine melt into the sound of a jet streaming overhead . car , machine , radio broadcast merge into a medley of music from this century -- jack benny , muddy water , elvis , hendrix , sex pistol . voice ( v.o. ) and gradually the world do not sound like the place I have leave , but something different ... better ... as we draw closer to the now vine - cover tomb , sound of the ' 70 , ' 80s , ' 90 persist ... voice ( v.o. ) a new fearless attitude have possess the world , brave and godless . I begin to wonder if it be not time to resurrect . but the thing that eventually bring I back -- the decisive thing really -- come like a bolt out of the blue . guitar strike , drum crack and the music slam out , raw and dark . 5 series of glimpse 5 slender hand with long , paint nail , gothic ring , and a half - pound of silver bracelet play they instrument . Long hair , body piercing , celtic tattoo , and brightly - color nylon show a lot of pale , smooth flesh . in the confusion of glimpsis , it 's hard to tell who 's a boy or girl , but they be all young and beautiful . break in on the cacophony of music come one guitar closer and louder than the rest . ( continued ) 3. 5 continued : 5 a scraping roar , like a bandsaw be twisted into the most gorgeous , powerful chord , almost religious in its emotion . voice ( v.o. ) a music so sublime , so deeply vampiric , I have no doubt it could be hear in hade . I have no choice ... it summon I . a ultra -fast techno beat begins and the full - SOUND of a band rush in , create a sense of vertigo with its energy . 6 int . tomb 6 the band be sound echo about the stone chamber , thrumm a deep , life-give pulse . suddenly , the lid of a sarcophagus scrape and slide to one side . 7 ext . lafayette cemetery ( new orlean ) - night 7 the figure re-emerges from the tomb , he cape now in tatter -- posture bent . he creep across the cemetery in unnatural , staccato movement as if hinder by the physics of distance and time . all the while the song play , draw the figure toward it . 8 ext . french quarter - night 8 the figure move through the shadow avoid the spill of yellow light from the street lamp . stop in a darken alleyway , he gasp for air , exhaust by he movement . he listen again to the mesmeric tune of the band in the distance , when -- from down the alley , a voice ... voice # 2 ( o.s. ) ( in french ; subtitle ) need a fix ? 9 close on figure's eye 9 stare hungrily at ... 10 back to scene 10 a man proffering a little parcel wrap in foil . ( continued ) 4. 10 continued : 10 pull deeper into the shadow , the cape figure beckon the dealer over . the man approach when -- with a wild animal cry , the figure lunge like a phantom -- a flash of tooth -- the Dealer be on the ground -- the figure set upon he . over this scene the band' song rush in loud again , reach a incredible crescendo as the violent frenzy continue -- the monster gnaw at the Dealer 's neck . 11 close on figure's hand 11 its vein refilling with the flow of warm blood -- skin regain a youthful tautness . 12 wider 12 rising from he victim we see for the first time the revitalize face of this creature , a mane of blond hair frame the beautiful feature of the vampire lestat -- he bulbous lip glisten red . lestat ( v.o. ) whether it be that first meal , the music , or the 100 year of rest , I be not sure , but suddenly I be feel better than ever . my appetite for live be voracious . my hearing so exact I could locate precisely the source of the music ... 13 ext . new orlean house - night 13 in the street , lestat emerge from the shadow in the dealer 's snug-fitting leather outfit . he look up at a extremely run-down flophouse ... lestat ( v.o . ) my old house . High in the attic , a single window glow with dim light . the source of the music . the whole house be shaking from the sound of the band play upstairs . 14 int . attic - just after 14 the room boom with music , speaker stack high on all side , literally shaking the house to its foundation . ( continued ) 5 . 14 continued : 14 reveal the band member of Satan 's night out . jame , alex and maudy stare at each other as if in some tantric trance , as they play they music -- Alex 's long finger climb up and down he guitar , maudy 's waifish body sensually curl around she keyboard , the wave of music flow through they while James , on drum , drive they further into it . lestat ( v.o . ) it be hard to believe this being be mortal -- so confident in they skin . everything in my body want to be with they . I could not help myself . then , from somewhere in the room , a angelic voice begin to hum the most hypnotic melody over the tune , meld in exquisite harmony . arching she neck in some higher ecstasy , maudy look across the makeshift studio and suddenly stop play . alex what the hell , maudy . see maudy 's stunne face , Alex and James turn to see lestat perch like a raven on top of the stack of speaker , eye close , still hum to the fade reverb of the guitar . slowly open he cool grey eye -- lestat please do not stop . jame what the for -- how do you get in here ? lestat the door , of course . James and Alex look at the door on the other side of the attic -- they should have see he . maudy stare at lestat , quite take by the handsome vampire 's look -- drink maudy in with he eye -- lestat you music wake I from the longest sleep . it 's sublime . in two hundred year I have never hear anything quite like it . alex who the hell be you ? ( continued ) 6 . 14 continued : ( 2 ) 14 lestat ( v.o. ) the question provoke a irresistible urge ... lestat you may call I the vampire lestat . as we remain on the stunne look of the band 's face -- lestat ( v.o . ) it just roll out of my mouth . with one simple sentence I have betrayed everything about my kind . betray we code of secrecy . lestat you struggle be over . suddenly from across the room -- lestat all that you have ever dream of will be yours . they spin around to see lestat now right behind they , smile . alex ( terrify ) what the hell be this ? lestat you lucky day . they all stare at he , face white . a beat . then James break into a big smile . jame cool . we get we very own vampire . maudy and Alex look at each other get use to it . they break into smile , go with it . maudy hey , vampire lestat , I have always wonder ... about keith Richards ... CUT to : 15 ext . skie - night 15 flying across night sky , as the distinctive dark sound of satan' night out kick in to join lestat 's soar voice . ( continued ) 7. 15 continued : 15 lestat ( v.o . ) it be a bold move , I admit . but from that moment on , they be my friend , my child , my band . together we ride on the wave of my preternatural ambition to superstardom , give the world a new god ... I . we come across the city light of London . below , police car section off a few block around a very sleek , ultramodern office building where a huge crowd have gather . superimpose : london ( 6 month later ) 16 ext . office build - continuous action 16 through the crowd , a very long , black limousine snake its way toward the building . row of fan dress as goth , ghoul and vampire scream out ... fan lestat ! lestat ! Girls press they breast and neck up against the limousine . thump ! thump ! fan after female fan fling herself on the car . groupy scream with pure excitement . confusion of scream as the door to the limo open . the crowd 's scream reach a fever pitch as ... James , Alex and maudy climb out , ogle at the sight . roger smythe , they business manager ( 40s ) , get out next , hustling they through the crowd . a wave of hysteria hit the fan . Roger hustle the band through the crowd and up the stair into the church , past the giant billboard with they own image write huge , lestat 's smile face above they all and the announcement -- lestat -- live &amp ; undead -- october 31 , all hallow's eve , death valley , U.S.A . 17 int . office build - soon after 17 a high - tech conference room . the band , sit up front , be face by a audience of over fifty journalist and then another fifty photographer and tv camera . the room crackle with anticipation . Roger step to the podium . ( continued ) 8. 17 continued : 17 roger May I present the vampire lestat . he push a button and a black curtain slide open to reveal a huge monitor on the wall . every eye be glue to the screen ... crackle , crackle . nothing . then suddenly , on the screen , a face in shadow appear ... lestat . his voice boom out over the crowd . lestat good evening . I be so sorry I be late . I be just have my ... breakfast . 18 omitted 18 19 back to scene 19 then lestat lean forward into the light . hushed whisper move through the crowd . lestat 's eye burn unnaturally bright . his white skin absolutely glow , luminous . lestat smile out at they with a tight smile . then grin wider , revealing he fang . journalist excellent makeup job . Marilyn Manson , look out ... a thousand question suddenly burst out of the journalist . roger hey , hey ! we be gonna keep this short here ! one at a time . you ! he point to a pretty french journalist . pretty french journalist so , lestat . you say you be a real vampire . correct I if I be wrong , but what I remember about vampire be you guy usually keep you identity secret . lestat yes . but why hide it in this day and age ? I have hide in the shadow for century . it 's time to share myself with the world . ( continued ) 9 . 19 continued : 19 in the corner , Roger give a big winking smile to the camera crew . the journalist smile , play along . a young , hipper music magazine journalist pipe in ... music journalist and it do not hurt the record sale , huh ? you album just top all kind of sale record . lestat we label be not complain , no . pretty french journalist could you prove it ? you know give we a demonstration of you power ? lestat if you like , I will give you a private demonstration in you hotel room tonight . the journalist laugh . the french journalist look a little frighten / fascinate by lestat 's leer . lifestyle journalist why not a demo at you own house ? I mean , what 's with all the secrecy about where you stay ? be it true you move residence every few day ? lestat ( smile , give away nothing ) after call one stone tomb home sweet home for so long , I like to experience as much diversity as I can . would not you ? the lifestyle journalist smile . music journalist there be a lot of rumor fly around the internet about the hide meaning in you lyric , that you be give away ' vampire secret . ' something in all that ? 20 SMALL tv screen 20 in a dark room , the interview continue . ( continued ) 10 . 20 continued : 20 lestat ( v.o. ) maybe I be try to resurrect a few old friend with my word . daring they to come out . music journalist of the closet . lestat ( smile ) the casket ... laughter . they be enjoy this performance although no one be take it very seriously . pull out to reveal we be -- 21 int . private club - same time 21 a man in a dark suit play pool . look up over he dark glass , he strange , luminescent , grey eye stare up at lestat on the tv scornfully . 22 back to PRESS conference 22 music journalist you first and only concert 's in death Valley , just day away . why just the one ? lestat ( grin ) I do not like repeat myself . music journalist but this other vampire , be not they go to be piss that you be give away they secret ? lestat I imagine they be , yes . lifestyle journalist do you have anything to say to the other vampire listen out there ? lestat yes , as a matter of fact , I do ... lean forward , lestat smile at the tv camera . match CUT to : 11 . 23 int . private club - tv 23 lestat ( v.o. ) come out , come out , wherever you be . camera boom down to reveal ... a group of dangerous - look vampire dress in various style , stare stony - face up at the screen , they eye glow strangely in the ultra-violet light . the pool player be in the b.g. other vampire , dress in black , eye cold as ice , stare up at the tv . vampire # 1 goddamn fool 's go to bring back the inquisition . vampire # 2 I say we kill he , before this get out of hand . bleed he dry . vampire # 1 gotta find he first . elusive bloke . never know where he 's go to turn up . vampire # 2 well we know one place he 's definitely go to be ... next to he sit a female vampire , evian bottle in hand . vampire # 1 when I be in Manchester , the coven there be say exactly the same thing . that we should nail he at the concert ... female vampire # 1 I do not know , if he 's as old as they say , he 's gotta be pretty strong ... if you come within a mile of he , he would eat you alive . she bring she evian bottle to she lip . drink heartily . the liquid inside glisten deep red . vampire # 1 yes . well let 's see how he handle a thousand of we at once . crack -- the pool player sink the last ball on the pool table . the tv suddenly explode . ( continued ) 12 . 23 continued : 23 back to lestat on huge video screen he smile at the journalist . lestat see you all in death Valley . click . the screen go black . 24 close on lestat 24 in the flesh . reveal he be ... 25 int . lestat' chateau ( london ) 25 all alone in he magnificent chateau . he sit in front of a video camera and monitor set up for the two - way remote feed . lestat put the remote down . laugh out loud with the pure pleasure of it all . he stand , cross to huge door . open they . go out to ... 25a ext . lestat' chateau ground - continuous action 25 a lestat walk across he lavish grounds , gaze up into the night . stare up at the dark heaven , lestat inhale like a emperor take in he kingdom , stretch he arm out , still drink in the adulation . slowly , he grin fade ... a melancholy look come over lestat . lestat ( quietly , to world ) come out , come out , whoever you be . as he lower he arm , the camera pull up and out from lestat , whirling into the dark night ... CUT to : 13 . 26 close on set of headphone 26 as it play lestat' song . pull out on ... a beautiful young woman , jesse , 22 , lay in black satin sheet . her long red hair snake over she slender neck as she sleep to lestat 's voice , still as death . flicker candle all over the room reveal she lithe , strong body , pale as the moon . she be surround by she work , ancient language book , she laptop computer . another book be clench in she hand . the unconscious vampire . we move in on she flutter eye . CUT to : 27 dream sequence - eye 27 open . blank . still . unsettle . pull back to reveal this eye belong to a 19th - century porcelain doll . we track across row and row of doll from different era , all exquisitely detailed . track past the billow floor - to-ceil curtain to reveal a six - year - old girl lie awake in a large bed , jesse , green eye and long red curl . laughter waft in with the breeze . 28 int . corridor 28 jesse 's bare foot pad down the endless corridor . the little girl be dwarf by the stone pedestal , all light with candle . laughter echoes through the hall . 29 int . great hall 29 jesse move past rough-hewn column , watch something with great curiosity . behind she , we glimpse a giant mural of name cut into the stone wall . a family tree , extend up onto the ceiling and down to the floor . 30 jesse's Pov 30 a grand party be in progress . there be about thirty vampire , all thin , pale and beautiful . a eclectic group , elegantly - dress in indian silk , Arabic veil , mix with a few gaudy versace outfit . guest lean into each other 's neck , show blood - red tongue and fang . 31 back to scene 31 a young vampire scoops jesse up and put she on he knee . ( continued ) 14 . 31 continued : 31 vampire ah , jesse . you want to come and play with we , do not you ? she stare at he , nervous , intrigue . woman ( o.s. ) ( urgent ) jesse ! vampire soon , soon , little one . I will make sure you be with we forever . woman ( o.s. ) ( more urgent ) jesse ! 32 int . jesse's bedroom ( present ) 32 jesse no ! jesse sit up with a start . she stand , heart pound , try to shake the dream off . we see on a bulletin board behind she , a flyer for lestat 's concert . she take off the headphone . walk over to the mantel above she fireplace , she pick up a solitary , frame photo -- hold it tight ... 33 closeup - photo 33 Young jesse ( the girl from the dream ) stare straight at camera . she be hold in the arm of a red-haire woman , she back to camera . 34 back to scene 34 jesse put the photo down , catch she reflection in a mirror , light by flicker candlelight . her face be distress , troubled by the dream . she go to the window , stare out into the black night . the dark water of the Thames snake through the London cityscape . jesse blow out the candle . darkness . CUT to : 15 . 35 ext . tube station ( london ) - that night 35 fluorescence pierce the black night . jesse come out of the tube station in a tight , short skirt , boot . she look down the street . in one direction , a busy , brightly - light street . jesse gaze at a group of tourist come out of a pub , laugh . then she turn , look the other direction . a dark street . she hesitates a long moment , stare at the light , then can not help herself , plunge toward the darkness , the laughter echoing , then dying . 36 ext . alley - just after 36 jesse pass " rent -boy " step from the shadow as car cruise by . jesse , unable to look away , gaze as one get in a car . he stare back at she , disappear into the car . 37 ext . bridge - just after 37 jesse pass couple use the shadow for privacy in the dark , filthy street . she stride past a girl lean against a brick wall , the man grunt , move rhythmically against she . 38 ext . london STREET - later that night 38 fog float in the yellow vapor light . jesse pause at the intersection of a narrow alley . she hesitates , nervous , then turn down the dark lane , disappear into the blackness ... 39 ext . waverly arm - night 39 jesse , from the shadow , gaze , wide - eye , at the soho private club 's entrance , a solitary door with a fade sign and a dull blue light mount above . jesse hear strange whisper . she see now figure move through the fog . one push a buzzer . jesse stare , barely breathe , she heart pound . the figure have white , luminescent face , strange , bright , glow eye . they fingernails be glass -like . a moment later , a slot in the door open . the glow eye of another creature stare out at they , scrutinize they . the door close quickly . jesse stand there , deliberate . she take a step closer to the door . stop . take another nervous step . she hear something , whirl around . ( continued ) 16 . 39 continued : 39 another group of the strange figure walk steadily down the street towards she . jesse begin back away . a hissing sound slowly fill the alley ... CUT to : close on lestat smile , revealing he fang . reveal we be ... 40 int . library - talamasca inner council chamber - night 40 lestat 's face appear on a video screen in front of a room line from floor to ceiling with leather - bound book , ancient scroll . subject be mark , Werewolves , poltergeist , possession ... superimpose : secret order of the talamasca : CENTER for paranormal study : london headquarters jesse , make a presentation , stand before a impressive and impose group of 10 talamascans , wear demure suit . jesse be excited , a bit nervous , hope to impress . she hold a remote which control image appear on the large video screen . clip from lestat 's press conference continue . jesse gaze out at the talamascan . jesse I have reason to believe lestat 's the real thing . a vampire . and a ancient one . talamascan # 1 I do not know , jesse . it look to I like the guy 's get a good p.r. man with a flair for the theatrical . jesse ( lean forward , eagerly ) it would appear that way . but have you listen to he song ? read he lyric ? the talamascan glance at each other , surprised . shake they head . a few laugh . they be not lestat 's usual audience . ( continued ) 17 . 40 continued : 40 jesse well , i have . in one of he song he refer to a pub call the sailor 's arm . I think it 's a clue ... she push a button , the lyric appear on screen . jesse ( read screen ) ' where be you now ? back in the sailor 's arm , somewhere in the back street of soho ? ' I track down the old lease in London . it turn out , in the late 1700' , there be a pub right in the backstreet of soho call the sailor 's arm . the lyric on screen be replace now by a old engrave of a pub with the sign read " sailor' arm . " jesse and it have a reputation for deal with black magic . Witches ' coven , seances , that sort of thing . Quick flash of gruesome drawing appear -- animal sacrifice . a corpse float above a table ... jesse talk faster and faster with she enthusiasm . jesse and most importantly , report of people be lure there and subsequently attack by bloodsuck fiend . Quick flash of gruesome period newspaper drawing , blood pour from the neck of a scream woman . a white - face ghoul with fang . jesse be smile wider , excited by she discovery . on screen , a old map of London appear . jesse here 's where you could find the sailor 's arm in old London . a modern map appear , overlay the old map . ( continued ) 18 . 40 continued : ( 2 ) 40 jesse and here be where it would be today . of course the sailor 's arm be not there anymore . that part of London be mostly old warehouse , meat-cack plant . talamascan # 2 in a few year it will be artist ' loft and pretentious french cafe ... jesse lean forward now as she talk . jesse yes , but right now there 's only one place to get a drink -- of sort . a private club -- in exactly the same place . the waverly arm . on screen , a photo of the waverly arm . jesse well , what happen at the waverly arm now make the sailor 's arm look like a happy meal at McDonald 's . she pause for emphasis , gaze at the face of the talamascan , gaug they reaction . jesse it 's a vampire coven . and lestat 's lead we to it . murmur . many of definite interest . some of definite skepticism . jesse 's face shine bright with she enthusiasm . talamascan # 1 ( skeptical ) and what make you think so ? jesse smile . pushes a button . ready to receive the talamascan ' approval . on screen , a new picture appear of several figure , white face , dark clothes -- but they be very blurry . talamascan # 2 jesse , can you , uh , focus that any better ? ( continued ) 19 . 40 continued : ( 3 ) 40 jesse ( excitement dampen by embarrassment ) well ... it be take ... while ... ( clear throat ) ... in motion . talamascan # 2 smile at she sympathetically . jesse gaze out at the other talamascan , see she 's lose they interest . jesse ( quickly , try to cover ) but listen , if you look closely , you can see they be vampire . I be sure of it . and lestat 's lead we to they and -- talamascan # 3 ( interrupt ) interesting . perhaps we should assign someone to observe -- talamascan # 1 oh please , base on this so -called ' data ' ? that 's a waste of time . jesse but ... uh ... talamascan # 2 ( look up for a moment , interrupt ) wait a second . who take this picture ? jesse ( a beat , softly ) I do . murmur bubble through the entire group now . they stare at jesse , dismay . talamascan # 2 you go there ? jesse yes . last night . talamascan # 1 and who give you this directive ? ( continued ) 20 . 40 continued : ( 4 ) 40 jesse no one . I ... just ... went ( quickly ) look , I know it be break protocol and I be really sorry , it 's just I think -- talamascan # 1 jesse ! you be just a apprentice here ! you must follow we rule ... or perhaps we need to reconsider you position . she stare at he . talamascan # 3 for 12 century we mission as talamascan have be to observe and record paranormal behavior . but never get involved . you be get far too close . jesse ( gesture to photo , defend herself ) hey , do it look like I get involved ? that be not call involvement . that be call run . talamascan # 2 ( lean forward , try to help ) but , jesse , tell we , what do you see ? jesse turn to she . jesse vampire . gather . I be sure of it . jesse step from the podium , move through the talamascan as she plead she case . she talk a mile a minute , she passion rise ... jesse you have to listen to lestat 's lyric . they be amazing . ( more ) ( continued ) 21 . 40 continued : ( 5 ) 40 jesse ( cont 'd ) many of the reference could only be derive from year of research in the bibliotech de Paris , which seem unlikely for a young rock star in he early twenty . plus there be historical detail dating back hundred of year lestat describe that do not exist anywhere ... except in we library . he refer to marius , the great white lord , who rule over a group of island off the Bay of naple in the late 18th century . what I be try to say here , and maybe I be not do the best job of it , be that lestat may be the oldest and most powerful vampire ever document ! jesse see some of the talamascan be again listen . but talamascan # 1 shake he head ... talamascan # 1 it do not make any sense . why would he be forecasting this to the world ? he 's all but draw a map and mark a X . what vampire hold sacred be keep they kind a secret . you never name other immortal , tell where they lair be . they would be hunt down . jesse right . that 's the best part . lestat 's not afraid to piss they off . he want mortal and immortal to know he 's there , to know he exist . I do not know why ... ( glance at skeptical talamascan # 1 ) but this have never happen before . do not you see ? he 's a one man revolution . all the talamascan gaze at she a moment . jesse hold she breath . have she get they back ? ( continued ) 22 . 40 continued : ( 6 ) 40 talamascan # 1 and this photo be you evidence ? it 's hardly conclusive . ( snort ) C 'mon . it look like the Blair witch ! the talamascan burst out laugh , even talamascan # 2 . jesse gaze at they , she face burn red . she 's lose they , blow it . make a fool of herself . her frustration rise , she can no longer contain it . it burst out of she . jesse Fine . well then , I guess I will just have to go back and get better , more conclusive evidence ! maybe you just can not unravel all the mystery of the world out there , by sit around all day in a dusty old library in here ! as they gaze at she , astonished , she gather she material , start out . several start shouting back at she . amidst the uproar , a voice boom across the room . talbot ( o.s. ) jesse . everyone turn . quiet down . david talbot stand in the back of the room . he 's clearly the superior talamascan , though young than some , very charismatic . talbot my office . now . he turn , walk out . all the talamascan look at jesse . it do not look good . her face burn red , jesse turn , leave . CUT to : 41 ext . metropolitan bar ( london ) - night ( same time ) 41 a line of hopeful want to enter the exclusive club wait for the judgement of two bouncers , one buff , one sleek . ( continued ) 23 . 41 continued : 41 sleek bouncer okay , you , in . you. no ... ( smile at a sexy girl ) you in ... ( to unattractive guy ) you , no . unattractive guy c'mon , man , she 's wait for I in there . she say she be put I on the list . my name 's norman -- bouncer # 1 yeah , yeah , right . hey , get a life , alright ? ( to another sexy girl ) you , in . across the street , a figure in the shadow watch . 42 ext . around corner - just afterward 42 bouncer # 1 be now make out with one of the young sexy girl he let in , try to get a hand up she dress . a cold wind suddenly blow , flutter she skirt . he look up . a dark figure stand in the shadow . bouncer # 1 hey , perv , get the hell out of here . the figure step from the shadow . the bouncer 's face turn white . it 's lestat ... the bouncer start to back way . the girl start to scream . lestat clamp he hand over the girl 's mouth . to the girl ... lestat you . in ... he gesture to the club . the girl turn and run for she life . as the bouncer back away , terrify , lestat turn to he . ( continued ) 24 . 42 continued : 42 lestat ( softly ) you . no. lestat lunge like a phantom -- a flash of tooth -- as they fall from frame , the distinct sound of bone crushing . over this scene the band' song rush in . CUT to : 42a int . lestat' london house - that night 42a lestat enter . dab he mouth politely with a white handkerchief , the sound of the band practice from below . 43 int . lestat' house ( london ) - SOUND studio - just after 43 lestat and he band rehearse one of they number , music and voice meld into a grand , almost operatic harmony . 44 int . control booth 44 two SOUND engineer work the board . SOUND engineer # 1 when 's the concert ? SOUND engineer # 2 four day . SOUND engineer # 1 this guy be gonna kill . behind they , Roger sit pensively watch . surreptitiously , he glance down at a book on he lap -- its title vampire -- the occult Truth . he talk on a phone . roger yeah , phil . we will need a limo from the airport . I do not know which airfield yet ... I do not know the arrival time either . ( more ) ( continued ) 25 . 44 continued : 44 roger ( cont 'd ) ( sigh ) yeah ... I will call you from the plane ... nope , I will tell the driver where he 's take we ... hey I do not even know myself ... pick up address in London ?... forget it ... you would never find this place . Christ we will probably have change house again by then ... what can I say , the guy 's just ... shake he head , phil glance down at he vampire book . look back up he see lestat now stare at he intensely while he sing . roger ( softly ) -- just uh ... shy ... that 's it ... shy . 45 int . studio 45 lestat slide into a high " C " lean into the microphone , catch he own reflection in the booth 's window , and -- crack -- glass splinter . Roger jump out of he skin , stifling a cry . 46 int . control booth 46 SOUND engineer # 1 ( dumbfounded ) shit . 47 int . studio 47 James , Alex , and maudy " whoop " with excitement . jame we rock . lestat yes , I would say I be down with that . they all laugh . jame I be ready for Los Angeles ... ( continued ) 26 . 47 continued : 47 maudy I be ready for death Valley . ( jazze ) two day till we go ... through the break glass we see Roger slump into a chair , he nerve totally fray . alex think we can call that a night . unhook they instrument , Alex and James start to pack up as maudy slowly approach lestat and nuzzle he neck . he shiver with temptation . her hand move down the front of he pants . lestat pull she into he arm . lean into she neck he breathes in she scent , close he eye and ... suddenly open they right at Roger who look on , extremely perturb . smiling like the devil ... lestat oh , the sweet song of she blood . Roger stare on , terrify . lestat I will hear it in my head all night . gently let maudy go ... lestat Roger ... he go directly to Roger , reach into he open shirt , pull out the crucifix around he neck . lestat I do not know you be religious . Roger try to laugh it off . lestat sniff the air . as Roger back away , he turn to open the door , stumble , cut he hand on a fall shard of glass . blood trickle from the cut . Roger look up at lestat whose dark eye stare intensely at Roger 's blood . Roger quickly stick he hand in he mouth . with a horrify expression , he realize he 's suck he blood . he quickly head out . but lestat be faster and reach into Roger 's shirt pocket . pull out a clove of garlic . lestat shake he head with a smile . lestat Roger ... ( continued ) 27 . 47 continued : ( 2 ) 47 Roger try to laugh . reaches for the garlic to put it back in he pocket . but lestat grab Roger 's hand , blood trickle down he wrist . lestat speak intensely . lestat be careful , Roger . very careful . lestat walk away . Roger exhales with relief . CUT to : 48 int . talbot' chamber - same time 48 a wood - line room -- wall cover with book , artifact , painting . jesse stand before Talbot . he fix he eye on she , pour she some coffee . talbot how 's everything ? you alright ? you sleep okay ? jesse yeah , I be great . I just find a vampire . talbot ( consider she ) jesse ... you be take this lestat stuff pretty seriously ... why ? jesse Cause I think I be on to something pretty big . the most important sighting talamasca 's have in year ... ( beat , sigh ) Jesus , I do not know , David ... I think I be onto something ... maybe I do not see anything ... Talbot take in the dark circle around she eye , how quickly she 's emptied she coffee cup . he pour she more , smile gently . talbot you know we work in a really strange field ? the supernatural be beguile at time . it do not like to just be observe , it be only satisfied when it have draw we in completely . I know cause I have feel this thing myself . ( more ) ( continued ) 28 . 48 continued : 48 talbot ( cont 'd ) that 's what we have to resist , as talamascan ... ( as a shadow cross he face ) it 's not always easy . jesse ( lean forward ) Talbot . c'mon . you know I . I be not freaking out on you . I be just onto what look -- alright look -- like a good lead . you be the one who teach I how to do all this . you be the one who teach I to keep push and push ... he still look at she with a penetrate glance . she look back at he . jesse David . there 's nothing else . nothing be ' beguile ' I , alright ? nothing . c'mon . he gaze at she as she downs she whole coffee , register she strong denial . he smile at she , forcefully change the mood . talbot alright . just check ... jesse start out . look down at papers on he desk , Talbot call out , almost casually ... talbot well , all I can say be you be really lucky you be not lie dead in a gutter with two hole on you neck . jesse I would be even luckier if that damn picture come out ... ( stop in she track , turn back , gaze at he , amaze ) wait a second . so you do believe I ? you do think it 's a vampire coven . ( continued ) 29 . 48 continued : ( 2 ) 48 talbot ( look up , eye sparkling ) yes . but not exactly for the reason you think . though you research be top-notch of course ... ( smile ) come back here . I be gonna show you something . he go to the painting hang on a wall in the back of he office , cover with black velvet . jesse follow . he unveil they . they stand before a eighteenth - century painting . the interior of a enormous italian villa . there 's a man in he forty with long white hair , back to we , but he face be reflect in a stand mirror . talbot what do you see ? jesse they be all nightscape . the detail be amazing . mid-1500s . Florence . talbot right . and what do you see in this one ? jesse move to the next painting . another nightscape , a giant medieval tableaux , circa bruegel . talbot and I know it 's a dutch pastoral . jesse run she finger across the face , then stop on the face of a gentleman with long white hair watch the bloodsh of gory battle and the sacrifice of saint burn at the stake . jesse this man be in both . talbot right . he 's in all of they . jesse move to the next painting , then the next and the next , all nightscape set and paint in the style of different era , all feature a portrait of the same white - mane man . ( continued ) 30 . 48 continued : ( 3 ) 48 jesse have you -- talbot carbon test ? yes . the different paint sample be all authentic . all paint at the time of that particular style . jesse stop at a contemporary self - portrait . talbot it 's marius , jesse . jesse ( whirling around ) marius ?! from lestat 's lyric . I know I be right . talbot yes , you be . good work . she smile at he , victorious . talbot I have be personally trace he for decade . my little obsession . the oldest vampire ever document . the close we have come to the original vampire . jesse what do you mean the original vampire ? point to a larger depiction of a beautiful woman in egyptian garb -- talbot there 's a mesopotamian legend that there once be a queen of Egypt , akasha , long before tutankhamen or nefertiti . she be believe to be the original vampire ... marius himself date back to 400 b.c ... jesse gaze at all the painting , shaking she head in wonder , then speak softly . ( continued ) 31 . 48 continued : ( 4 ) 48 jesse David , you have be tracking marius you whole life . maybe he 's out there wait for you right now . ( without look at he ) do not you ever want to just go and find he and -- Talbot cross to she . talbot no. Jesus , we be not talk about have a drink at the dorchester , jesse . you know that . especially with the ancient vampire -- the older they be , the more powerful , the more dangerous ... he take she by the arm , smile down at she . talbot anyway , you do not need to go and stake out some club . you time be too valuable . I have something far better for you ... jesse ( surprised ) you do ? he steer she over to a lock cabinet . talbot yes . and I will tell you something . I have never show this to anyone . no one else have prove themself in the way you have . jesse ( touch ) thanks . what be it ? as he unlock the cabinet ... talbot oh you be gonna love this . ( glance at she ) although I be sure it will keep you up night to come with nightmare ... he take out a old leather - bound journal . turn to jesse . ( continued ) 32 . 48 continued : ( 5 ) 48 talbot lestat 's diary . I find it some year ago . this be where you will find the answer you need . jesse stare up at he in absolute awe , take it in . Talbot gesture in the direction of the talamascan in the library . talbot they do not need to know everything , right ? she smile at he . he give she the diary . jesse thank you for this . talbot my pleasure . when I take you on as a apprentice , I know it be the smartest thing I would ever do . now you and I will meet when you be do ... this will be we project ... as jesse go out , hold the journal , Talbot smile after she . but after the door close , he gaze turn again to concern . he cross back to the painting , pause a moment , stare up into marius 's eye . then Talbot cover each with the black velvet . CUT to : 49 int . jesse's apartment - night 49 jesse sit on the floor , curtain draw , the room light with candle . a lestat song play in the b.g . she open the journal . jesse je suis le vampire lestat ... ( a beat ) I be the vampire lestat . 50 flashback - ext . mediterranean island - full shot 50 a solitary paradise in a rough , nighttime sea . ( continued ) 33. 50 continued : 50 lestat ( v.o . ) it be the winter of 1788 and I be bring to a Mediterranean Island by the man who make I ... a lightning flash illuminate a sprawling 18th - century sea-front villa . lestat ( v.o. ) ... if a man be what you would call he . 51 int . villa bedroom - night 51 a great round room encircle with candle , they reflection flicker in the great glass window brave back the outside STORM . a huge antique bed sit in the room 's center , and on it ... lestat lay feverish and fitful , dress in a soft linen nightshirt . his neck wear a swollen bite . another flash of lightning suddenly jolt he awake . his hand feel the inflame wound as he see ... a indistinct shape of a man dress in drape red velvet , sit asleep in a chair across the room . a easel stand before he , hold a unseen painting . lestat rise out of the bed and grab he clothes from a nearby Louis iv chair . he make for a door when ... lestat suddenly stop . he look back to see the painting that stand on the easel . it 's a portrait of himself in ancient Roman garb , like the god Mars , complete with he blond hair and fiery blue eye . unable to help himself , he approach the painting , completely fascinate by he own image , when suddenly ... the sleep man leap up , grab lestat unmercifully and again plunge he tooth into the young man 's neck . lestat fight as best he can but he strength be no match as he 's slowly draw down to the floor . finally ... the strange man lift himself up from lestat 's neck to reveal the face of the vampire marius , the mysterious figure . wiping he blooded mouth on he painter 's cloth -- marius lestat . welcome . weaken and helpless , lestat drag himself back across the floor in terror . ( continued ) 34 . 51 continued : 51 lestat who be you ? do I know you ? marius I be unknowable by nature . marius advance again on the young man ... marius but you may call I marius . as lestat keep weakly drag himself away . lestat I be the lord of a great manor . they will send a army of man to look for I . marius I doubt they will find you , Lord De lioncourt . you be a long way from home ... his strength leave he , lestat slump flat on the floor . marius you be weak ... near pass . I can barely hear you heartbeat . lestat I will kill you ! marius smile , impressed . marius you really do fear nothing . it be why I choose you . because you think thing be possible which be not possible ... lestat stare at he , he eye wide . lestat choose I ? for what ? marius my companion . someone to share my burden . bend down , he gaze at lestat . marius you have lose a great deal of blood . ( continued ) 35 . 51 continued : ( 2 ) 51 lestat ( near tear ) I be die . suddenly marius draw a knife from a Roman sheath on he belt . with the last of he strength , lestat grab he attacker 's wrist . marius then drink . guide lestat 's hand with the knife , marius smile and cut he own arm , open he vein . lestat stare in true terror as marius let he blood drip onto lestat 's lip . lestat pull away as the blood slide into he mouth ... marius good , be it not ? and indeed ... it do taste good . that 's the new terror that 's grip he . he cross himself and stare up into marius 's gentle eye . marius bend down , cup lestat 's chin . marius drink and live . you have be brave enough for one night , my son . marius bring he open vein to lestat 's lip . lestat hesitates , but then suddenly ... feed hungrily as marius 's face fill with the bond . he slowly sink down to he knee as lestat feed and feed . as lestat drink , a barrage of image flood into he ... 52 image 52 of marius 's life through the age ... impressionistic , subliminal burst of image , color ... the glory day of the Roman Empire to this very moment flash by ... 53 back to lestat 53 he keep drink from the vampire marius who gasp with the creation of he child . marius drink ... drink and learn . lestat 's body grow stronger , he back arching up as he draw the " life " into he with full force , as ... marius begin to weaken , himself . ( continued ) 36 . 53 continued : 53 marius there ... there ... that will do . but lestat keep on feed hungrily . marius no ... no more . lestat , no more ! with one great move , marius pull lestat off he arm and toss he across the floor twenty foot away . marius reel back , clamping he open vein with he hand as lestat curl on the ground , gasp ecstatically from the rush . slowly , lestat start to feel something . pain begin travel through he body , consume he until he scream . marius cross to lestat convulse on the floor . he kneel and gently wipe he brow . lestat 's body thrashes as he grab at he own limb ... marius do not be afraid , it 's only you body that die ... wiping he brow as he die ... then , lestat 's face still bury in he arm , he begin to laugh almost drunkenly . raising he head , he metamorphosis be clear as he face pale and he eye fill with a new kind of power . lestat more ! lestat smile with red glisten lip . a beat on marius as he slowly smile , too . 54 ext . beach - night 54 a million star ... lestat ( v.o. ) I impressed my maker with my thirst for thing . he set out to educate I in the unknown . taught I all about the world , its hide history ... and about myself . tilt down to reveal a old fisherman who cry out as lestat bite into he throat . marius watch as the fisherman 's body relax . he pull lestat away . ( continued ) 37 . 54 continued : 54 marius that 's enough , my son ... when you feed , you must hold back from the moment of death . you must never take the last drop , or it will draw you in and you will die ... the fisherman be moan . look down at the suffer victim , marius swiftly snap he neck and dump he into a boat . he pick up a oar , and with vampire strength , drive it like a stake through the bottom of the boat . Water start bubbling in . marius remember , there be wisdom in the flesh , lestat . a man wear he history on he skin ... marius feel lestat 's gaze , turn to he . marius I be talk about humanity . as lestat watch the water begin to fill the bottom of the boat ... lestat humanity ? ( snort ) we be murderer . marius we be more than that . they blood that we take into we carry with it life ... they life , they knowledge , they complexity . appreciate you prey , lestat . marius gaze at the fisherman , then , with vampire strength , shove the boat far out into the ocean . 55 ext . beach - night 55 below the brightest of summer night sky , lestat and marius walk along , talk intensely . the ocean appear to shimmer in the faint light of star . in the distance , several bonfire burn on the sand , dance figure gather around . ( continued ) 38 . 55 continued : 55 lestat ( v.o . ) my sense run amok , like a newborn child . and as for my new power , I be beside myself with the pleasure of it all ... marius the trick be to find the way to face eternity head on . the spirit can be annihilate by boredom just as the body can be destroy by sun or fire . my solace , my delight , be witness the unfold of human destiny ... lestat gaze at marius 's eye dance with intellectual fervor . as they walk , they pass a group of teenager , just young than lestat , at a bonfire , dance , laugh . lestat gaze over at they as he and marius pass , hide in shadow . marius ... from Christ to the Dark Ages to the enlightenment , I have never be able to divine what be come . that 's what keep I go -- I can not wait to see what human being be go to do next ... lestat nod , take it in . they pass another bonfire . music float through the night . a older man , 50 , play balalaika while he daughter , 18 , play violin with great passion . marius who could have predict the enlightenment ? or hannibal and he elephant ? marius stop talk , turn . lestat be no longer beside he . marius turn back and see lestat stand in the shadow , listen to the music . the young woman , sense something , turn towards lestat in the shadow as she play . marius go to lestat , pull he farther into the shadow . marius careful . ( continued ) 39 . 55 continued : ( 2 ) 55 lestat but why must we hide , marius ? we be the powerful , we be the immortal . we should walk fearless in the open ! marius shhh . the life of a vampire be a life of discretion . we must sleep during the day , when we be vulnerable to the sun . mortal must never know about we . it be forbidden , for the sake of all we kind . lestat ( gaze at violin player as it sink in ) so I could never know she ? marius not unless you want to kill she . lestat ( beat , quietly , intensely ) so I can never be know ? marius you be know by I . I grant you that . there be other of we kind ... though most be solitary creature . lestat 's eye fill with some existential realization . lestat my God ... marius forget God . you be no longer in he realm . now we must leave . relenting , lestat start to follow . but the music quicken . lestat pause , turn back . as if the music be call to he . the girl still face into the shadow towards he , and play fast and wild , she finger fly . lestat stand there freeze to the spot . the music pulse through he . he gaze at she finger , study they intricate movement intensely ... ( continued ) 40 . 55 continued : ( 3 ) 55 impulsively , lestat go back to they , hover , he face still somewhat obscure by the darkness . lestat start clap along to the music , exuberantly . the girl and Father smile , nod to he as they play . marius , in the shadow , be fume . lestat 's eye fill with the moment , the girl 's vitality . he notice that sit on the ground by the girl be several instrument . impulsively , he reach over , pick up a violin . he study the girl 's play again , then with he new power , as if by osmosis ... begins to play with exactly she skill , exactly she movement . the girl and she Father laugh , delighted with this new musician . lestat play along with they , joyful , exhilated . the girl 's finger fly . lestat 's finger pick up speed . faster . faster . a glitter torrent of note fly out of he violin as if make of gold . unconsciously , lestat step closer to the music , into firelight . the Father and he daughter become less certain , as they gaze at lestat 's strange , pale , glow skin , the luminous shine of eye . but lestat be completely take by the music , the moment . the Father and the daughter , sense something strange , stop play . lestat look up . see terror in they eye . the Father be slowly back away , point in horror at lestat . father fantasma !! teras !! lightn fast , out of the shadow , step marius . he grab the Father . the girl drop she violin , turn , start run down the beach to a bonfire in the distance . marius stop she , lestat ! lestat turn to marius , shaking he head no in horror . marius you must ! lestat hesitates , then run after the girl . she turn back , see he get closer , start to scream ... lestat be suddenly in front of she with he hand over she mouth , cover she muffle scream . her struggle be no use against he strength . reaching up to she neck , he touch it . he look into she terrify eye ... CUT to : 41 . 56 ext . island' south shore - night 56 marius kneel over the body of the Father on the island 's desert shoreline . toss he in a boat . lestat gaze at the lifeless body of the girl . marius turn to lestat , furious . marius I will not have you put everything at risk ! you will mind we law ! pick up lestat 's victim , marius toss she into the boat as well . marius we remain in the shadow . to do otherwise be a road to destruction ... marius turn to lestat , who stand in silence , gaze at the girl and she Father . marius ( quietly ) I see you still have a few linger mortal emotion . they will serve you no good , lestat . lestat turn to marius , shaking he head , speak in a horrify whisper ... lestat my God , what have you do to I ? lestat turn again toward the body of the dead girl and she Father , he face fill with pain , enormous sadness . lestat ( whisper ) she 's just a child ... forgive I . 57 extreme closeup - lestat 57 close he eye . a violent violin strain as we pull back to see ... lestat stand alone in the bedroom , in a deep reverie , play the girl 's violin with incredible passion . his play pick up speed as he work himself into a pagnani furor ... ( continued ) 42 . 57 continued : 57 lestat ( v.o. ) the face of my victim haunt I , rise behind my eye , remind I of my fate ... I play for day try to expel the last bit of my human feeling ... and face the cold , dark wasteland of eternity ... the violin dissolves into lestat 's rock music . 58 back to jesse ( present ) 58 reading the journal , listen to lestat' music . she hear the lyric ... " mine eye dazzle , she die so young ... " she look up , she eye fill with tear , move by lestat 's loneliness . she gaze into the dark night ... then turn , see she camera ... 59 ext . STREET ( london ) - later that night 59 jesse move steadily along the street past darken warehouse . several bonfire line the lane , illuminate row of prone body , cardboard shelter , empty bottle . the drunk look up at she with dead eye . 60 ext . alley - later 60 jesse go deeper into a labyrinth of alley , the street become darker with every step . in the distance she see the blue light . figure move through the fog . jesse move slowly along a wall in the shadow try to get a better look ... suddenly , out of the shadow , a bottle smashes ... she start , quicken she pace ... run straight into a bulky figure . a primal scream rise from she stomach . the figure be a homeless drunk , more scared than she be , who scuttle off quickly into the night . jesse press she back against the wall . breathes . she inch around the corner ... 61 ext . waverly arm - continuous action 61 ... and from the shadow , gaze at figure knock on the solitary door in the wall up ahead , with the dull blue light mount above . the slot in the door slide open . a moment later , the figure vanish inside . a moment later , two couple approach , dress in black . jesse take a deep breath , then ... ( continued ) 43. 61 continued : 61 ... fall into step behind they . one knock on the door . a face peer out at the group . step back . the door open . jesse follow the couple in . the door shut behind she . 62 int . club - night 62 the music be part blue , part kurt Weil , part gothic , dark and ominous as if the pianist know exactly the sort of trouble jesse be in . the bar be comprise of elaborately - carve chinese dragon , a tv mount incongruously in the corner show a silent vampire lestat video . couple dance cheek to cheek , rotate like figure on a music box . another couple be neck hot and heavy in the corner . jesse stare at the patron of this vampire coven . many of the face be unnaturally pale , gaunt . they eye shine with a strange , reflective light . jesse move through the table , pass a mortal yuppie - type sit with a vampire girl he 's obviously just meet that night . yuppie wow . this be the coolest after hour club ever . you sure you do not want a drink ? vampire girl soon . the vampire girl smile , glance up at jesse as she pass . jesse look away quickly , move on ... the pianist watch as she pass by . the couple neck in the corner begin to get even more arouse . a mortal girl sip on she drink while she lover , a vampire , kiss she shoulder , she throat ... 63 unknown Pov 63 unaware that she be be watch , jesse continue she circuit . 64 back to scene 64 as jesse approach the bar where three punk vampire slouch , look up at lestat on the video . 44 . 65 unknown Pov 65 we watch the punk vampire and hear every word they say as the other sound fade away . punk vampire # 1 every coven 's go ... 66 reverse angle 66 reveal unknown Pov . a vampire , face hide behind a hood , seem extremely interested in what the punk vampire be say . 67 back to punk vampire 67 a young girl dress in goth gear sit down at the bar . punk vampire # 1 turn and smile insincerely at she as she stare up at lestat on the tv . get a sudden chill , the goth girl take she drink and move back into the crowd as the vampire look after she with murderous eye . 68 jesse 68 reach the punk vampire . they fall silent as she pause at the bar . she turn , stare at the neck couple ... 69 jesse's Pov 69 ... a brief glimpse of the tiny trickle of blood on the mortal girl 's neck as she swoon ... a even briefer flash as she vampire lover come up for air , he lip and tooth shiny with blood ... 70 jesse 70 stare , horrify . 71 back to scene 71 punk vampire # 1 ( o.s. ) come here often ? jesse turn to see punk vampire # 1 lean towards she . jesse sure , all the time . ( continued ) 45 . 71 continued : 71 the punk vampire pull down she collar . punk vampire # 1 do not see any mark . jesse you have not see the rest of my body . punk vampire # 2 be that a invitation ? jesse find herself surround by the three vampire . she shake she head , too frighten to get out a response . punk vampire # 3 so , where 's you host ? jesse my host ... oh he 's here somewhere . she peer into the darkness , start move towards the door ... find herself block by punk vampire # 2 . punk vampire # 2 you host . what 's he name ? jesse look around , try not to panic . pale face , pale eye stare at she . a long , terrible pause ... suddenly -- jesse marius ... 72 hooded figure 72 lean forward , surprised , study this strange mortal , fascinate . 73 back to scene 73 punk vampire # 1 sorry . do not know the guy . the punk vampire laugh . jesse desperately try to cover she terror . ( continued ) 46 . 73 continued : 73 jesse marius have the blood of the ancient flow in he vein . punk vampire # 2 there be not any ancient leave . they all turn to dust ... jesse that 's a myth . marius be around here somewhere ... jesse again head for the door . but punk vampire # 1 have appear in front of she . she stare at he , terrify . jesse you ... you really should meet he . punk vampire # 1 and why be that ? jesse watch the other punk vampire slowly begin to close in on she . as she speak , she slowly edge to the door ... jesse because ... because ... he 's wise , a philosopher ... he ask the big question . like how be you go to get through eternity ? it 's easier for we mortal . life be brief , but for you ... she inch toward the door , desperately stalling . they white face gleam menacingly as they close in . she struggle to get the word out ... jesse I mean ... what can you really do with immortality besides just slip from one day to the next , trap in a void of meaninglessness , relieved only by you next victim ? how do you not give in to despair and just wither away from boredom , hopelessness ? the punk vampire pause , stare at she , as she word sink in . the hood figure lean forward revealing he face ... it be lestat . he stare at jesse , amaze . jesse glance desperately at the door . it 's just a few foot away now . ( continued ) 47 . 73 continued : ( 2 ) 73 jesse you know , it 's like they say -- the more thing change , the more they stay the same . for you that 's forever , right ? all around she , vampire be turn to look . the punk vampire stare at she , eye narrowing . jesse be now inch from the door . she can barely breathe . punk vampire # 1 gaze at she , he confusion suddenly turn to anger . punk vampire # 1 you know , you be really a downer ... he bare he fang . jesse bolt out the door ... pan across vampire face stare after jesse to lestat who gaze at she , absolutely entrance . he watch the punk vampire head after jesse . CUT to : 74 ext . alley - night 74 jesse hurry up the alley . break into a run . but the three punk vampire from the bar have somehow get outside . they land in front of she , beside she , behind she . heart racing , she shake with fear . they close in , smile . punk vampire # 3 now this be not gonna hurt . you might even enjoy it ... he run he hand up and down she body . jesse start to shake . she break out in a cold sweat . the other grin . he pick she up by the throat . her leg flail in the air ... suddenly , the two vampire turn and hiss like cat . jesse hit the flagstone hard with a grunt . she gasp for air , look up as the vampire be hurl out of the alley by a invisible force . jesse alone , turn , still woozy . find herself stare at ... lestat ... jesse 's eye open wide , entirely stunne . he drink she in with he eye , mark the soft paleness of she skin , she long , red hair , the flush on she cheek , she pulsing jugular . ( continued ) 48 . 74 continued : 74 jesse stare into he entrance grey eye , try to gather herself together , half fearful , half titillate . they gaze at each other , the air suddenly electric . jesse you save I . lestat perhaps ... so you know marius ... jesse notice she rucksack cast aside by the punk vampire -- lestat 's journal stick out . she glance at lestat . he must not see it . she step away , try to distract he . jesse I know a lot of thing . he gaze at she . move closer , breathe she in , make she flustered . he smile . lestat not how to stay alive apparently . jesse well I guess we have get that in common . although I think I be a little ahead in the race here . lestat ( a beat , surprised at she brazenness ) well , I can fix that . he circle she . jesse be shaking , terrify . enjoy the game , lestat smile , move closer . but jesse suddenly blurt out . jesse ' mine eye dazzle , she die so young . ' it 's about the girl with the violin , be not it ? that stop lestat . he gaze at jesse , surprised . recover he composure . stare at she intensely , regard she anew . lestat be it ? and what else do you think you know ? ( continued ) 49 . 74 continued : ( 2 ) 74 jesse ( desperate , stalling ) I ... I think you be a lot like marius , lestat . lestat ( stare into she eye , probing ) be I ? tell I all about it . jesse you be ... you be both artist . he 's a painter . you be a singer ... as she speak , lestat guide jesse over to a pile of crate . she stare at some beer bottle shattered on the top of one . he guide she hand downward , closer to the shattered glass . lestat be that so ? what I do be art , be it ? jesse yes ... from nothing ... you try to create ... something beautiful ... ( shaking now as she hand get closer and closer ) ... out of the ... the cold , dark wasteland of eternity ... he stare at she , the word oddly familiar , then scrape she finger along the bit of break glass , gravel . she gasp with pain ... lestat gaze at the drop of blood that appear , glisten on jesse 's finger ... lestat ( softly ) something beautiful ... jesse ( quickly ) but ... but marius be not a rebel . you be different in that way . you do not want to hide , follow the law , conceal in the shadow like some insect . you ... you still want to walk with the live , do not you , lestat ? ( continued ) 50 . 74 continued : ( 3 ) 74 he stare into she eye , slowly bring she bleed finger toward he mouth . lestat well , I be not hide now , be I ? as she bleed thumb get closer and closer to he mouth ... jesse no , but the only time you be not really alone be when you kill ... but , lestat , you can not help it ... it 's not you fault ... he make you this way ... lestat ( with she blood on he lip , shake he head ) ah. poor , poor I ... as he bring she finger closer and closer to he mouth . they eye bore into each other , he stare at she rosy cheek , the cold sweat on she forehead , take in she remarkable , if foolhardy dare . her eye gaze straight into he ... he bring she bleed finger into he mouth . she may swoon . lestat 's eye burn as he taste she for mortality , she fragility a brief second , listen to she blood . there 's something there that surprise he as he gaze at this mortal girl . he feel something . desire ... then she blood speak to he as lestat 's eye fall on she rucksack . he see the journal . it all fall into place . lestat 's lip curl in anger . he shove jesse away . wipe he mouth . the mood suddenly change . lestat well , talamascan , you be certainly a very clever librarian , be not you ? she stare at he , find out . he turn from she , laugh , but not the kind of laugh to make jesse think all 's well . ( continued ) 51 . 74 continued : ( 4 ) 74 lestat ( shaking he head ) how sad , you people always try to know the unknowable ... so , be it a good read ? my diary . jesse slowly nod , admit to all . he shake he head . lestat talamasca 's be follow I for year . I have never know one to be so brave . or be it just foolish ? jesse I ... I be only a apprentice . he wave she off , dismissive . lestat go. I be through with you . you kind never satisfy my thirst . he turn , walk away . jesse let out a sigh of relief , then stare after he . she hesitates , then suddenly call out : jesse do anything , lestat ? a pause in he gait . but he keep walk away . jesse hesitates again , but still call out . jesse I mean , what 's the point of come into the light if not to have someone really know you ? but he keep go . she take one last chance -- jesse you want the world to see you be real , do not you , lestat ? do not you ? well , here I be ! suddenly lestat spin . stare at the fragile mortal girl risk everything . flash . jesse gasp . he now stand right before she . he grab she , pull she to he close , tight , hard . he could just snap she neck and be do with it . ( continued ) 52 . 74 continued : ( 5 ) 74 lestat you better just stick to you book , talamascan . ' Cause you have it all wrong . I love all this . I delight in it . the dark , dreary world I go to sleep in have burnt itself out and be replace by the 20th century -- can you imagine my joy at waking up to discover such a world ? it have outdistance my wildest dream of it . I scream of good and evil , and mortal stand and cheer . I adore be back in action ... every moment , every single drop of it ! now consider yourself exceedingly lucky and go ! he push she away . she gasp , humble by he physical power . she retrieve she rucksack . start away . as she reach the end of the alley , she pause , take a breath , turn back , dare everything . jesse lestat ! he turn back , stare at she , astonished . jesse there 's something you leave out of you diary . lestat ( amaze ) what ? jesse ( stare right into he eye ) you keep she violin , do not you ? a beat , then lestat shake he head , laugh at the absurdity of what she 's say . but jesse be undaunted . jesse hey , it 's okay . I understand ... ( softly ) after all , it 's only human . ( continued ) 53. 74 continued : ( 6 ) 74 that stop he . they eye bore into each other again . electric . then lestat hiss at she , the inhuman sound fill the alley . lestat lunge , fang bare . jesse scream . turns. run . find herself -- ext . busy STREET - continuous action in the midst of traffic on a busy street . people walk by . jesse Jesus Christ . she stand there a moment , happy , amaze to be alive . then it sink in . she realize -- lestat let she go . she glance back at the alley , but lestat be go . she bring she finger to she mouth , slowly stick it in , taste she own blood , shiver with fear -- and something else -- desire . what she do not see be ... lestat in the shadow , silently watch she . he gaze at she youth , she bright eye , she dare , she mortal passion . she have affect he . he watch as she turn and run away . CUT to : 75 int . lestat' house ( london ) - night 75 the camera track with two young groupies as they walk through the lavish palace . groupie # 2 I hear that lestat keep all this girl in all he wine cellar , and it 's really nice , and they give you food and cable and weed . groupie # 1 oh , please ... groupie # 2 that 's what I hear . but you have to let he suck you on you neck whenever he want . do not sound too bad . ( continued ) 54 . 75 continued : 75 groupie # 1 ( grin ) we have do worse . groupie # 2 ( giggle ) damn straight ... hey , do you remember that cute guy 's name at the kid rock concert ? the one behind the bathroom . groupie # 1 oh yeah . let I think ... he first name be blow . and he second name be I , I think . they crack up . 76 int . lestat' bedroom - night 76 lestat enter the bedroom . behind he , lestat 's dress room stretch off into the distance , row of beautiful suit make from the finest wool and silk . the gradation of color be spectacular . peer out at the near-dawn light , a look of loneliness cloud he face . he cross to the closet . open a panel to reveal a safe . stare at it a moment . punch in the code . it swing open to reveal something wrap carefully in black velvet . lestat unwrap it delicately . it 's the ancient violin . lestat ( softly ) clever , clever librarian . he quickly put the violin back , close the safe door . he shake he head , try to laugh it off . but a shadow remain on he face . lestat hear a gasp . turn . Roger have just enter . roger I do not see you come in . lestat no , Roger , you would not have . roger so this house be fine I assume . to you like ? lestat yes . for the moment . ( continued ) 55 . 76 continued : 76 roger we will be here for what ? a week you think ? lestat well ... I would not unpack if I be you . roger ( sigh ) right ... the ... girl you ask for . they be in the guest wing . lestat ah. yes . lestat gaze at the door , pensive . roger do you want I to take they home later ? lestat smile at the clumsy attempt to protect the girl . lestat no , thank you , Roger . I will make sure they be take care of . Roger nod , try to hide he nervousness . lestat smile ... 77 int . lestat' guest wing - soon after 77 camera move out into the lavish room toward the two girl who be now dreamy , float with the effect of the joint they be smoking . reveal lestat as he approach the girl . look up , they smile childishly at they host , then fall about laugh . lestat I do not think we have meet . groupie # 1 oh my God ... it 's really you , be not it ? groupie # 2 we want to be you slave . lestat of course you do . he smile . she offer a joint . ( continued ) 56 . 77 continued : 77 groupie # 1 want some ? lestat calmly shake he head . groupie # 1 want I ? circle the couch , he just smile . groupie # 1 you hungry ? lestat I be always hungry . groupie # 1 we have get the munchy ? you get any food ? lestat vampire do not eat ... food . the girl laugh nervously . lestat laugh dangerously ... groupie # 1 you hungry for something else ? she open she leg provocatively . pace across the room , he stand before the girl . he curl he finger around the first groupie 's hair when a shadow cross he face . lestat mine eye dazzle , she die so young . groupie # 1 huh ? lestat it 's a very old poem of mine . lose enthusiasm , lestat walk away and drop himself onto a couch . with a clap of he hand , the tv switch on . he silently watch one of he video clip . the girl glance at each other , then , giggle , crawl over toward lestat . groupie # 1 slide she hand slowly up he leg . groupie # 1 c'mon , do not you want to have some fun ? ( continued ) 57 . 77 continued : ( 2 ) 77 she reach for he belt . but he recoil at the touch and slide off the couch onto the floor with grace . lestat do not do that . groupie # 1 ( giggle ) be you ticklish ? lestat ( deadpan ) I be very ticklish . the second groupie giggle as well ... groupie # 2 hey , you ever be tickle by four hand at once ? hey , can you take both we , lestat ? what would 'ya think ? and at once they both start after lestat on all four to tickle he . he gaze at they , tear , then laugh at the sight and get down on ... all four as well as he lead they around the room in a childish game . lestat I do not know . let 's see . they try to tickle he but he stay just a few foot ahead of they the whole time . the girl giggle as they pursue ... lestat crawl just ahead of they across the floor and ... up the wall . the teenager keep giggle as they watch he ascend the wall like a spider . they can not believe what they be see as ... lestat reach the wall 's top and now crawl upside - down across the ceiling . the girl begin to giggle and half -cry ... as they arch they neck all the way back to see ... lestat crawl down the opposite wall . the girl sit open-mouthed with terror as lestat reach the ground -- he head straight for they . the girl begin to scream ... scream continue over ... blackness . 58 . 78 int . corridor - same time 78 close on jesse , she face bright , walk quietly , talk intensely on a cell phone . jesse you be right , David . the journal have everything in it . talbot ( v.o. ) I know you would appreciate its scientific significance . jesse David , listen ... ( struggle a moment ) I be go to Los Angeles for the concert . talbot ( v.o. ) what ? you be not ! I forbid it . jesse David , I ... I talk to he ... look I be sorry . but I ... I have to see what 's out there with my own eye . I be onto something . I just do not know what yet ... I have to find out ... 79 int . study - on talbot 79 holding the phone , stunne . he lean forward , speak intensely , he face grave . talbot jesse , you listen to I very , very carefully now . you be no longer see thing clearly . you emotion be clouding thing . 80 back to jesse 80 jesse it 's not emotion . it 's instinct ... I will return when I have my finding . good-bye . talbot ( v.o. ) ( angry ) jesse , wait ! she hang up . can not quite believe what she 's do . reveal jesse be head for a board gate at heathrow airport . she hand over the ticket , board the plane . 59 . 81 david talbot 81 in he inner sanctum . he look at all the painting . his neat , protect world . it 's as if marius be taunting he . he slam he fist down in fury . stare at the rise dust . 82 int . plane - night 82 jesse put on headphone , listen to lestat' music . as she open the journal , lestat' music dissolves into violin ... 83 flashback - int . villa - bedroom - lestat 83 lestat stand alone in the bedroom in a deep reverie , play the violin , with incredible passion . his play pick up speed , the bow bend across the string with a maestro 's speed and precision . lestat ( v.o. ) yes , marius be impressed with my thirst for knowledge ... but it turn out that there be such a thing as know too much . there be thing marius be not yet ready to teach I ... and marius and I parte way . suddenly , the bow fly out of he hand and slide across the floor , jam itself under a old bookcase . lestat come out of he spell , walk across the room to the bookcase , bend down to cleave the bow out from under it . have difficulty , he push back a old rug on the floor when he see something ... carve into one of the floorboard be a egyptian eye with a hole dig out of its iris . stepping aside , he realize he be stand on a manhole . a beat on lestat as he think ... poke he finger through the hole of the egyptian eye , he lift the manhole to reveal a steep set of step lead down into the villa 's basement . lestat marius ! no answer . lestat look around wonder what to do . take a candelabra off the table , he venture down the stair , peer down into the darkness . 60 . 84 int . marius' villa - secret staircase - night 84 lestat negotiate a circle flight of stone step , wind its way into the lowest bowel of the villa , still carry he violin . 85 int . marius' villa - underground passageway 85 lestat find himself face a steeply descend passageway that stretch into darkness . he test the stone ahead of he with caution ... suddenly , the sconce along the passageway come to life ... in quick succession , they flare up and burn with a unnatural intensity . lestat , strike with curiosity and wonder , put down he candelabra and venture forth . we follow lestat as he round the corner and stop . there be a open foyer area lead to two great wooden door , hold firm by a tree-size carve wooden bolt that bar the door shut from the outside . suddenly , the bolt fly up and splinter with a shrieking crack . the door fly open revealing a bright light from within ... lestat , apprehensive , continue towards the open doorway . 86 int . sanctuary - continuous action 86 lestat enter , squinting through the bright light from score of burn sconce . at the far end of the sanctuary lestat make out the shape of two statue , a egyptian man and a egyptian woman sit stone still , seemingly stare straight at he , akasha and she King , enkil . we recognize akasha from the sketches in Talbot 's office . stepping closer , they appear not to be statue at all but rather alabaster human with the palest skin imaginable . his eye widen at the sight of they clothes -- the most valuable egyptian finery ; bracelet of gold , headdress of incredible gem , clothes of silk . stare up into they face , lestat be strike with the realization ... lestat they're ... alive . lestat be draw to the woman -- she form and beauty be exquisite even in its absolute stillness . as if this statue have just ask he to play , lestat hold out he violin . lestat would you like I to play for you ? ( continued ) 61 . 86 continued : 86 her eye still bore into he . lestat smile . he raise he violin and begin to play . the song of the violin echoes around the wall ... lestat play , with increase abandon ... akasha and enkil sit freeze ... lestat play and play , lose in the music . he throw a glance up at the throne and stop ... akasha be move ... slowly , she eyelid pull back to reveal pale green eye . lestat stare in amazement ... her arm rise up , she wrist extend outward towards lestat . the pulse of a heartbeat begin ... lestat move toward she as if beckone . a green vein appear beneath the marble surface of she skin . the vein pulse as the blood course around . the heartbeat pound louder , deeper . the sound fill lestat 's head as he be draw closer to akasha 's wrist . lower himself , as if genuflect , lestat bend closer to the vein which look like the very font of life to he ... 87 ext . villa roof - night ( same time ) 87 marius sit under the star , painting , when he hand begin to tremble ... suddenly , he drop he brush , startle by some unexpected feel that pass through he . he stand bolt upright as a frightening gust of wind sweep across he . 88 back to sanctuary 88 lestat sink he tooth into akasha 's vein , draw in the unimaginable font . a burst of image and color flood into he , as ... 89 lestat' image 89 of ancient Egypt ... power ... supremacy ... slavery ... all impressionistic , subliminal ... the bright burn sun , red lip , blood spurting like a fountain ... end of image . 62 . 90 marius 90 in the sanctuary , hover over lestat , who lay on the stone floor in a catatonic state , stare . marius look down upon he , the sconce above blaze high with flame . marius 's voice echoing furiously ... marius what have you do , lestat ? lestat ! 91 int . marius' villa - night 91 lestat lay in bed , feverish , he skin paler than ever . at the foot of the bed stand marius . marius ( quietly ) lestat ? the young vampire 's eye bulge open in the grip of some incredible sensation , smile the most wick of smile . lestat 's chest heave upward , pull he body with it , only to be jerk back by the manacle that hold he to the bed . lestat more ! marius I do not think so , my little lord . lestat writhes with a physical delight that be almost painful . lestat realize he be shackle to the bed with manacle and chain . struggle against they . lestat let I go ! marius no . you have drunk the purest blood . see the oldest of thing -- far too much for one as young as you . you have be unconscious for day . lestat God , she blood be like liquid fire . ( squirm ) who be they ? ( continued ) 63. 91 continued : 91 marius she ... she be you mother , my mother ... akasha , the Queen of all who be damned . and he be she King . lestat release I ! lestat struggle with all he might . one of he manacle split , release a leg . marius stare , surprised . marius she make you quite powerful . ( withdraw a saber from its sheath ) do not make I use this ! lestat still struggle . the manacle strain . lestat marius , please , just one more time . I feel the sun . the light , marius , the light ! suddenly press the knife to lestat 's throat -- marius lestat , listen to I ! I have watch over akasha and she King for 2000 year ! they must never awaken ! lestat stare up at he . marius akasha and she King nearly drank this earth dry when they rule over Egypt . they drank until they lose they will to drink . they become live statue . and yet akasha still sustain the life force of all vampire . it be believe what happen to she , happen to all of we . lestat gaze up at he , take it in . marius move slowly away . ( continued ) 64 . 91 continued : ( 2 ) 91 marius if she be ever to rise , she would again desiccate the earth ! she have no respect for anything except the taste of blood . Immortal and human alike ... lestat roar and struggle against he manacle . lestat you will not stop I ... marius stare at he , shocked . marius I hear she blood in you voice ... in all the year I have care for they , not once have they move ... lestat until tonight . and she choose I ! me! never you ! you will not stop I ! marius move at super -speed , grab lestat by the neck , and pin he down . marius you be part of a great coven ! you take responsibility for you kind ! lestat ( snarl ) I must have more ! lestat , lose , look at marius , he eye intoxicate with akasha 's blood . marius step back . look at he fledgle with great sadness , anger , disappointment . marius I choose you for you bravery , but I be wrong . you know only selfishness . I can no longer trust you ... it give I no pleasure to look upon what I have create . marius turn he back on lestat . lestat stare after he . 65 . 92 int . marius' villa - next day 92 through the balcony we see the last warm color of the sunset vanish into the blue of night . lestat awaken , he manacle remove . he stretch , shake he head , as if clear he head , but something cause he to stop ... something have change . marius 's paint have go . some of he painting remain , but he easel and paint box be remove , leave splatter outline on the fade marble floor . lestat marius ! no response . 93 int . marius' villa - secret staircase 93 lestat run down the staircase , which be dark except for the candelabra in he hand . 94 int . marius' villa - underground sanctuary 94 lestat throw open the door and enter to find ... akasha and enkil have be take , as have the throne and most of the royal paraphernalia . lestat marius ! please ! 95 ext . marius' villa / beach - night 95 lestat run down the beach , the sand show no footprint . lestat ( v.o. ) many time since , I have call to marius . I howl into the night in loneliness and pain . lestat scream into the darkness , fill with despair , grief . he disappear off into the night . lestat ( v.o . ) but there be no answer -- just the endless procession of day , month , year ... my teacher leave I to my darkest lesson -- that in the end , we be alone . lestat look up from feed on a mortal . wipe the blood from he mouth , gaze into the dark night . 66 . 96 int . plane - night ( present ) 96 jesse close the journal , she eye wide with the new knowledge of lestat 's past . she sit there a moment , speechless , then stare out at the vast , black night . tilt down to : 97 ext . hollywood sign ( los angele ) - night 97 superimpose : los angele pan down to lestat stand on the edge of a very high fence high above the sparkling light of downtown , gaze into the dark night . the fence encircle he Hollywood Hills home , a high - tech modern version of a medieval fortress of steel and glass , hide deep in the canyon , he only neighbor , chaparral and coyote . lestat close he eye as if listen to something . as we pull back again , and rise up into the sky , a lestat song begin to play and magically we be in the music and with a visual splash we be ... moving swiftly across the globe with the music -- as we CUT across the world into the west and into ... the night fall over Asia where we soon find ourselves in ... 98 asian factory 98 where lestat' music play for the evening shift over a sweatshop boom BOX . 99 indian marketplace 99 where lestat' music play from speaker in a shop window . we TRAVEL westward to ... 100 ancient graveyard 100 where the ... Ground split open before we very eye . from out of the dirt , a beautiful teenage boy stand naked ... 101 vampire armand 101 he pull the piece of a worm - eat coffin from he person , as the music travel further to ... 102 massive ancient stone 102 parting as another resurrected figure rise from the darkness and reveal itself to be ... 67 . 103 vampire pandora 103 with one self - assure twist of she head , she shake the red dust from she hair to reveal long curling black tresses fall down over she dark - skinned shoulder . the music travel further to ... 104 portable radio 104 hold by a camel driver camp out in the sahara Desert . his camel brays fearfully ... the camel driver stare before he , drop -jaw and terrify , and we now see what he see ... 105 camel driver' Pov 105 a corner stone of a desert sarcophagus begin to move , as a figure in tatter rag emerge from the sarcophagus and unbandage he face and neck , shake the sand from he hair and eye to reveal a skeletal form with white leathery skin bulg with strange blue vein ... 106 back to scene 106 the vampire khayman offer the driver a polite smile . the driver faint back into the sand as the camel bolt off . and still lestat' music play as we finally end up at ... 107 sanctuary of akasha and enkil 107 a over the shoulder shot of enkil sit motionless in he throne , not resurrecting at all . akasha and she throne remain o.s. we move closer to reveal ... enkil 's throat gape , tear open , and whereas before he skin be pale , it 's now a chalkish powder . and next to he ... akasha 's throne sit empty . a god again walk the earth . a gust of wind suddenly blow and enkil crumble into white dust . 108 int . airplane - night 108 a tall , shapely female flight attendant sway down the first - class aisle of a airplane , she back to we . she stop by a seat where jesse sleep uncomfortably . pull out a blanket , the attendant drape it over jesse , tucking it closely around she neck , then , curiously , the stewardess lean down . 68 . 109 close on lip 109 begin to sensually kiss jesse 's neck . we begin to hear the beat of a heart , get louder ... the lip part to expose fang slowly sink themselves into jesse 's skin . she murmur in she sleep ... jesse lestat . 110 wider 110 she stir awake to see -- the face of akasha , she green eye flash bright . CUT to : 111 jesse 111 wake with a start . jesse akasha ! jesse look up to see the real attendant be stand next to she . attendant we have start we approach into l.a . you should fasten you seat belt . jesse nod and quickly fasten she belt , pull it tight . 112 int . lestat' house ( los angele ) - night 112 lestat suddenly glide through a open door and calmly touch ground . he empty he pocket out on a coffee table . we see a -- 113 closeup - BOX of match 113 " Sky bar . " 114 back to scene 114 dabbing he mouth with a handkerchief , lestat toss it on top of the match to reveal fresh bloodstain on the cloth ... a look of loneliness cloud he face . ( continued ) 69 . 114 continued : 114 lestat I hate bedtime . he turn , enter he bedroom , close the door behind he . 115 int . lestat' mansion - strange Pov - evening 115 we find ourselves in the strange blue-grey world of a vampire Pov , walk through lestat 's mansion . past he band , James , Alex and maudy , lay in the studio in a hazy sleep from yet another night of debauchery . we move menacingly into ... lestat 's expensive live quarter , past the huge glass - in space and into lestat 's private hall , lead to he bedroom door . we enter easily , passing the enormous bed , and continue through into a smaller , darker chamber ... over to lestat 's coffin , stealthily approaching he " sleep " figure lay close - eye and almost peaceful - look , when ... 116 lestat 116 bolt up and look around the room to see ... nobody . lestat 's instinct be as alive as they could ever be as he scan the room with all he power , and to he utter surprise finally see ... 117 wider 117 a painting lean against a wall , turn front-side -over . lestat get out of he coffin and go over to the painting with trepidation . he turn it over and then smile to himself . it be a portrait of lestat as a rocker . the hand and style be unmistakable . lestat ( whisper ) marius ...! 118 int . lestat' mansion - live room - continuous action 118 lestat burst out the door of he bedroom and look down into the live room . marius sit on a couch , still dress in red velvet , study the Rolling Stone with lestat on the cover . marius lestat . ( continued ) 70 . 118 continued : 118 marius look up . the two vampire regard each other for a long moment . lestat be overcome with conflict emotion . guard smile rise to they face . marius it be good to see you , lestat . lestat and you . still wear the old fashion , I see . marius Old habit die hard . lestat how do you manage to slip through the 1950s in red velvet ? marius I sleep . lestat do not think you miss much . marius elvis . lestat elvis , yes . marius ( hold up the Rolling Stone ) you be bigger than he be now . lestat I would say a few pound lighter . though , if you ever catch I wear a white jumpsuit , you have my permission to slice off my head . marius if someone do not get to you first . lestat grin , feel marius 's disapproval . lestat live and let live . marius if it be only so simple , my son . ( continued ) 71 . 118 continued : ( 2 ) 118 lestat ( a beat ) how do you find I ? marius you forget . we ancient have power no ordinary vampire possess ... and I know you . I remember how you admire the medieval fortress in the hilltown of lyon. ( gesture to house ) all you be miss be the moat and the cannon ... which you may need . lestat do not want to hear it . lestat come , let I show you what it mean to live in the light . 119 ext . sunset blvd . - continuous action 119 lestat and marius sit perch on a giant billboard advertising lestat 's concert . down below , sunset Strip be fill with goth , club hopper , honking car , a traffic jam . marius ( sarcastic ) impressive . remind I of mad old druid run around chant in the forest . very primitive stuff . lestat out there . my fan . thousands and thousand . they worship I . million of arm reach out to embrace , beg I to come into they life . marius it 's what you have always want . lestat with all my black little heart . marius do you think of anyone but yourself ? ( continued ) 72 . 119 continued : 119 lestat I only have myself . marius it may be time to get ready for some company . lestat what 's that suppose to mean ? marius you music 's wake a very old friend ... lestat look at marius , try to understand . marius can not you hear it ? or be the applause all you can hear now ? marius become eerily still . a deep , somber tone start to vibrate . the ground rumble . lestat take aback , remember the scope of marius 's power . lestat stare at marius , then close he eye ... 120 close on lestat' eye 120 as the sound of the world seem to fade away , revealing beneath the cacophony of mortal a deep pulse like the beat of a heart the size of a planet . 121 back to scene 121 lestat suddenly open he eye as the sound of the world rush back in . marius stare for a beat , then -- marius akasha have rise . she have take she King 's blood . absorb he power . you have do it this time . lestat stare at marius , let the knowledge sink in . then he grin . lestat good ! I be glad she 's rise ! let she come . marius do not you understand ? you must stop this concert ! ( continued ) 73. 121 continued : 121 lestat ( shake he head at marius ) 200 year and the same break record . marius no . not the same ! you have only know akasha dormant . she too will find you . she be choose she moment . she have come to destroy you , lestat . and in she wrath , she will devour everything that move . mortal and vampire alike . lestat ( smile at marius , softly ) well then , it 's every vampire for himself . just the kind of rule I like . the rule you teach I . marius be enraged , try to control himself . lestat gaze at he , speak steadily . lestat do you remember you first word to I , marius ? ' I be unknowable . ' ( shake he head ) I would rather not exist at all than have to live eternally as a ghost . marius and you be take everyone with you , you fool ! we be once mortal , too . it be we heritage we protect ! lestat ( move away ) such reverence for mortal ! then you should have leave I as one ! marius you be a monster . lestat ( shake he head with a dark laugh ) Said the vampire to he son . lestat turn , leap off the billboard , disappear into the black night . marius stand alone . CUT to : 74 . 122 int . vampire coven bar ( london / soho ) - night 122 no mortal in sight . amongst various vampire , we spy the vampire lover talk to the punk vampire who try to attack jesse . 123 ext . vampire bar - front door 123 the vampire doorman open the door and peer out . a figure move towards he ... 124 akasha 124 glow , beautiful , majestic . the vampire doorman be frighten , but mesmerize as she move in ... 125 int . vampire bar 125 the barman look up at the sound of the door slamming . he do a double - take and watch in awe as ... akasha step in . everyone in the bar turn . she smile at all the undead stare at she . akasha hello ... her eye sweep the room , take in every inch , search , then she hear a vampire lestat video playing . she whirl around quickly to the tv -- gaze at the video intensely . her eye narrow , focus on lestat , speak as if to herself . akasha hmmm ... he scent be fade . he be here too long ago ... the vampire lover slide up next to she . vampire lover you like he , love ? akasha ( still stare at tv ) he remind I of someone I know . vampire lover all he 's gonna remind you of soon be a pile of bone . we be gonna dismember he . bleed he dry . akasha really ? be that what you be go to do ? ( continued ) 75 . 125 continued : 125 she turn to vampire lover , take he in . as if with a new idea , smile at he , move to the dance floor , move to lestat' music , she eye close , sway sensually , she hip gyrate . the dance be seductive , slow , she head throw back . the vampire turn , stare at she , mesmerize , arouse by she movement . they move to the dance floor , watch . akasha open she eye , smile at they , then turn to vampire lover , point to he , beckon . he smile back , happy to be choose , move onto the dance floor . she dance a little farther away . a game . he laugh . move closer . close on vampire lover he hear a laugh . back to akasha but she 's disappear . he turn . akasha 's behind he now . he stare at she . her hip be gyrate , she body slithering . a moan escape from he . again , he move to she , reach for she . she laugh . close on he puzzle face he turn ... she 's dance across the floor now . vampire lover 's smile be not so friendly now . he step toward she , determine ... she move behind he . her body press up tight against he . he smile , shudder with a rush of desire . all the other vampire watch , envious . her lip brush he neck , she hand run up and down he body pause on he chest . he reach for she . she kiss he just as he kiss the mortal girl . on vampire lover 's face , pure pleasure ... akasha then again , you could always do this ... akasha sink she fang into he neck and at the same time , plunge she hand down . we can not see where ... we stay on vampire lover 's face as akasha disappear from frame . the sound of bone snapping , the squish of ripping flesh . loud sucking . a look of horror appear on vampire lover 's face . akasha reappear . in she hand , she now hold ... ( continued ) 76 . 125 continued : ( 2 ) 125 ... he drip heart . she bring it to she lip , suck again thirstily ... vampire lover gurgle as she suck the heart to a dry husk , then toss it . she turn back to vampire lover , he face freeze in a grotesque mask . she laugh , drop he unceremoniously to the floor ... akasha turn to face the rest of the horrify vampire . they begin to back away . but the door lock itself loudly . akasha sway again to the music , move faster now , as if refresh . akasha turn up the music ! the terrify barman quickly comply . akasha ( smile , to herself ) oh , I do love the 21st century . akasha turn to the terrify barman again , pull he over the bar and attack he as if she be just reach for a snack . he flail but be overwhelm by she strength ... the vampire girl who jesse see vanish with the yuppie , fly towards akasha , knife raise , but akasha just turn ... suddenly there be a explosion of flame . the vampire girl scream as she be consume . the piano player and guitar player go up in flame ... all hell break loose as the other vampire run for the door . the lock will not budge and it 's too late anyway as the flame overwhelm they ... and through the flame , we see akasha smile , now suck on the punk vampire 's aorta like it 's a straw . she toss he body , she long tongue slowly lick she bloody , thirsty lip . she stride out through the flame . in a whispery , sing -song voice . akasha lesta-at ... come out , come out wherever you be . 77 . 126 ext . hollywood sign - night 126 marius stand in the hill by the Hollywood sign , gaze down , he brow furrow , at lestat 's fortress - like mansion hide in the canyon below . the wind blows the tree , bush . marius turn , uneasy , sense something , peer into the shadow cast by the brightly - light sign . marius stare as a figure emerge from the shadow . it be mael , a vampire , he face hide in a cloak . mael marius , you have break you oath . you be to watch over akasha and khayman . you be a great disappointment to I . marius look up to see all the ancient now step from the shadow . khayman , the desert vampire , in egyptian dress along with pandora , the dark - haire beauty in she sari , armand , the boy sage , in he mesopotamian robe . last , maharet step from she grand door . she be beautiful with long red hair , alabaster skin . marius pandora , armand , it 's be a long time . khayman , maharet , to what do I owe this honor ? khayman you have be summon because of you errant child ... khayman cross to the edge , peer menacingly into the distance at lestat 's house . pandora ( give deep , sexy laugh ) he 's quite the devil , be not he ? armand his music mock we , pandora ! pandora his music move my blood . armand keep you amorous thought to yourself . his music be a threat to all vampire . we will let the coven dismember he at he concert . ( continued ) 78 . 126 continued : 126 mael yes . it will set a example . marius I do not see how this solve thing . this be not think through . khayman marius , we understand you affection for lestat , but you duty be to we ! he gaze again down at lestat 's house with a threaten glance . turn to marius with a look of warning . khayman we could always get rid of he right now . mael no . we will contact the coven . let they know we condone the slay . it will be better for all to see . marius , with a torture expression , gaze at mael . maharet step up . maharet wait . never mind lestat ! we have great problem ... marius ( step up ) maharet be right . it be akasha we face now . pandora ( joyous ) be it true , maharet ? have we Queen really rise ! maharet do not be so happy , pandora . I know akasha when she walk this earth . I be she slave . I be now she enemy . I know what she be capable of . ( continued ) 79 . 126 continued : ( 2 ) 126 armand yes . we have all feel she presence , even as she hide from we . ( as other nod , acknowledge the truth of this ) what do she want now ? maharet she know only one thing . take pleasure in destroy life . she be already kill the young one to build she strength . marius she 's suck the life out of she King like a praying mantis . I sense she be get closer . maharet she have come to destroy lestat , but he will only whet she thirst more ... the ancient look to each other , take this in . pandora look around , suddenly nervous . maharet if we act together , we have a chance to destroy she . they all gaze at maharet , astonished . maharet yes ! we must destroy she immediately ! if she be not stop , I be afraid of what will happen to the entire mortal world . mael but can she be destroy ? I be leave to bear the scar of the last attempt on she life . she be drag into the sun . she survive . but we almost do not ... removing he hood , we see he terribly - burn face . they all stare at he . marius what happen to we Queen happen to we . if akasha die , we die as well . ( continued ) 80 . 126 continued : ( 3 ) 126 maharet then so be it ! we must take that chance . she gaze at they all intensely , as the meaning of she word sink in . maharet we must destroy akasha . for the sake of humanity ! we must find she . now ! armand but perhaps she have come to kill lestat and then will go back to she slumber . that be we only hope . pandora ( eager ) yes . that 's right . she and the coven will take care of that brat . we must go to the concert and pay we respects to we great Queen . maharet how ? with you own throat ! you have all be asleep too long ! you be still dream . marius step up beside maharet . marius maharet speak the truth . it be we only hope . marius then go and stand beside maharet and khayman . the other gaze at the three stand together now . mael no. armand be right . we will go to the concert and first see what she do . there may be no need for action . pandora and armand nod they assent . the two group face each other . maharet gaze at they face , spit out the word . ( continued ) 81 . 126 continued : ( 4 ) 126 maharet then you go to the concert and you shall see ! ( shake she head ) and I think the ancient become wise with they year . as we remain on the ancient one , akasha' heartbeat creep back in over ... marius gaze again down at lestat 's house , anguish on he face . int . mercede - closer on roger - night cruise the Hollywood street , wear sunglass , hat . he see something . roger' Pov a goth girl on the street in front of a record store . back to roger he sigh , pull over . get out . ext . hollywood STREET - continuous action behind he now we see a cab pull over . it 's jesse , trail Roger . she gaze at he intently . jesse's Pov Roger 's back be to we as he talk to a goth girl in a whisper . back to jesse jesse pay the driver . get out . gaze at Roger . 127 int . lestat' house ( los angele ) - SOUND studio - night 127 loud , intense music as the band rehearse . lestat create a fantastic melody around the beat . he let the note trail off , eye close , smile , the reverb still ringing in the room . lestat hear something , turn . outside , in the Hollywood Hills , dog be howling across the canyon like wolf . lestat cross to the huge glass door , go outside ... 82. 128 ext . house - continuous action 128 lestat stare out at the ominous night . as maudy and the band continue to play , the wolflike howl in the night get louder . and beneath it all , a deep pulse beat . the song come to a end . lestat turn , gaze back at the band through the window , at they excitement . he come back inside . 129 int . house - continuous action 129 Roger now stand there , a nervous look on he face . roger the ... girl you ask for , lestat . they be here , in the guest wing . lestat ah. yes . lestat gaze in that direction , pensive . roger I be uh ... just gonna go catch a movie at the chinese . I do not suppose you would all want to ... lestat smile at the clumsy attempt to protect the girl . lestat no , thank you , Roger . we will entertain ourselves . as Roger lead lestat to the guest room , he can hear faint giggling . lestat turn back to the night . the pulse of akasha still echoes in he ear . 130 int . guest wing - just after 130 Roger and lestat walk in . a young groupie giggle nervously . groupie # 3 oh my God , it 's he ! it 's really he ... she turn in paroxysm of excitement to the girl next to she . lestat stare , take aback . it be jesse . dress in goth gear . jesse stare back at lestat brazenly . a long moment . lestat perhaps you would like a tour of the place ... first . ( continued ) 83. 130 continued : 130 groupie # 3 oh yeah , wow , we would love that . lestat Roger ... would you be so kind ? roger ( surprised , relieved ) sure . right this way , girl . as they start off , lestat put up he hand , point to jesse . lestat Roger . not that one . leave she to I ... the other groupie pout , disappointed . she go out with Roger . lestat turn to jesse ... consider she ... lestat you must be very keen to die . jesse 's heart pound with terror . lestat the talamascan have become quite stealthy . I do not know infiltration be quite they style . jesse it 's not . I ... I come on my own . he stare at she , take she in . lestat how do you find I ? jesse I have be tracking you manager for day ... ( gesture to she goth outfit ) then I figure out you simply have to look the part . lestat clever librarian ... you should know , base on all you research , that groupy do not ever find they way out of here again . ( continued ) 84 . 130 continued : ( 2 ) 130 jesse I be not a groupie ... lestat gaze at jesse 's pulsing jugular . he step closer . lestat then why be you follow I ? what do you want ? jesse ( terrify , in a whisper ) be you granting wish ? lestat ( smile , in a whisper play with she ) last wish . what 's yours ? jesse show I what it 's like to be you . that 's my last wish . grant it , lestat . he stare at she , feel some connection with this strange mortal girl . she stare at he with penetrate eye . he again find himself draw to she . tries to fight it . lestat ( turn away ) I do not have time for this . jesse all a vampire have be time . lestat maybe not . jesse ( softly ) right . the coven be come for you . ( softly ) I understand why you be do it . you have to be who you be , no matter what happen . he turn , gaze at she . she step forward . ( continued ) 85 . 130 continued : ( 3 ) 130 jesse but how be you spend what may be you last night on Earth , lestat ? as you always have ... alone . jesse take a breath , cross to he , stand very close , stare up into he eye . he stare down at she , amaze , he heart pound . he breathes in she hair , the scent of she skin . jesse do not kill I yet . let 's spend we last night together . share it with I . show I what it 's like to be you . lestat you do not know what you be ask ! I do not know what 's in that librarian 's head of yours , but it 's not what you think . jesse that 's right . you do not know what 's in my head , lestat . do you want to ? lestat I will know when I kill you . jesse gee , lestat , that 's a great way to get to know someone . here . I will give you a preview . come attraction . this be what you will find . she cross to he , stand close . jesse I have this recur dream that I be a child and I be live in this big house fill with vampire . and every night when I go to sleep , I wish to God the same thing ... you know what that be , lestat ? he gaze at she . she lean forward . ( continued ) 86 . 130 continued : ( 4 ) 130 jesse that I will have the dream again ... because in the dream I be happy . and the dream be more real than my life ... I do not know how , but I know you , lestat ... my life be a big mystery and you , you have the answer ... he gaze at she , be take in , try to resist it . jesse move even closer . he stare down at she , the softness of she skin , she penetrate gaze , the heat of she body . jesse I can not go on pretend this life of mine be real . I can not live a lie ... I be just like you lestat . we be the same ... lestat ( softly ) be we ? I seek the light . you seek the shadow . jesse no . we be look for exactly the same thing . you know it ... please . show I . he stare at she . her eye gaze directly into he ... suddenly ... lestat alright ! jesse break into a smile . lestat this may be painful for a mortal . you be still attach to you skin . jesse ( a excited whisper ) I do not care . lestat Close you eye . do not breathe . her heart pound , flutter she eye close , jesse hold one deep , hesitant breath and ... flash -- with preternatural speed -- 87 . 131 lestat and jesse 131 whisk through the night , flash past tree and house . open she eye for a moment , jesse watch the world whiz past she at incredible speed and suddenly -- they stop on a dime . jesse gasp , catch she breath to find herself at Hollywood 's high peak overlook the city lay out before she like a glimmer blanket . 132 ext . griffith park observatory - night 132 look out over the observatory 's ledge , jesse can not believe what 's just happen . she laugh , intoxicate by the experience . jesse do that again ! lestat laugh , impressed by she bravado . her trust . for a moment she laugh like a child . then they look at each other deeply , feel something . he want to kiss she . she know it . he turn away . lestat and now for my next trick . lestat pull out a knife , quickly slice he arm open . jesse gaze at he blood drip down he arm , something stir in she . magically , the wound heal up . she stare , impressed . jesse do it hurt ? lestat yes . for just a moment . but as the pain be more intense for we , so be ecstacy . ( gaze at she ) you see , we love we victim . jesse Love ? I think it be the blood . lestat no , although the taste be so rich and sweet . Love be the essence of the dark gift . the connection be so much more satisfy , brief as it be , than anything else . ( continued ) 88. 132 continued : 132 lestat again become aware of jesse 's pulsing jugular , the white flesh of she neck . he reach out , touch she neck , stroke it . jesse shiver under he touch , terrify , but want more . lestat brushes he lip against she hair , she neck . run he hand down she arm . she close she eye , lose in the gentle rhythm of he voice . lestat as you drink , you feel the heart weaken ... it struggle even though there 's no hope . you feel the life slip away , the flash of that brief year . the taste of mortality you can no longer experience ... and it be beautiful ... ( pull away sharply ) no 'relationship , ' no commingle can ever reach the height of that experience . but jesse step forward . lestat turn , stare at she . her eye burn with a urge that will not be silence . one button at a time , she finger quivering , she open she blouse down to she navel . lestat stare as jesse remove a long , silver hairpin from the mane of she red lock which then cascade about she shoulder . her face remain aim unwaver at lestat 's as she bring the hairpin down to she breast . with she eye moor to he , she draw a line with the point across she breast . she inhale through clench tooth ... then settles as we see : the long incision go from pink to red ; then the blood , like a hot spring pour over the brim and drip down she chest . lestat stagger . break they stare , he accept she gift , lap up the overspill and then onto the wound itself . lestat close she eye ... he come up to she face , brush he lip against she cheek . she shiver ... lestat ( groan ) you blood ... jesse ( murmur ) do you like it ? ( continued ) 89 . 132 continued : ( 2 ) 132 lestat ( lose himself ) yes ... he come down to she slender neck . stare at the soft , pulsing skin . he bare he fang . jesse ( whisper , overcome ) do it to I ... please ... with you blood I will know you ... 133 close on lestat 133 he can not help himself . he move to jesse 's white neck ... closer ... closer ... jesse I will know everything ... but suddenly she word catch he ... his head flail as he try to stop he natural impulse . lestat let out a desperate cry and throw she aside . jesse gaze at he , surprised . he loom over she , angry . lestat you want to know everything . you want to see what it 's like . then come ! I will show you . 134 ext . griffith park - night 134 lestat and jesse quietly move among the tree . lestat stop on a dime -- sense tune . he look into the dark . jesse be about to speak when lestat raise he finger to she lip and then point at ... a couple of lover move across the meadow . they sit on a park bench . the woman giggle drunkenly . jesse watch and gasp as she realize the male lover be a vampire . lestat move forward . jesse gingerly follow . take he lover in he arm the vampire begin to bite she neck ... lestat look over at jesse who watch , fascinate and disturb . the vampire sense another 's presence -- stop and turn to reveal he vampire eye shine in the dark . lestat step into the halo of a street lamp and hiss . sense lestat 's power , the vampire hiss and instantly -- the vampire be go . jesse turn to lestat but he have disappear , too . spin around again she see ... lestat hover over the mortal woman who be still in a swoon . check to see that the vampire be go , jesse move closer to the bench . ( continued ) 90 . 134 continued : 134 jesse be she alright ? lestat look up to face she , revealing he blood-stain lip . jesse reflexively look away . lestat come closer , jesse . you want to see ? you want to know ? jesse lestat , no ! lestat 's expression turn cold as ice -- he arch he back like a great cat and go in for the kill . the woman 's body convulse ... jesse watch in horror as ... the woman 's hand clutch at lestat , she back stiffen ... finally she leg relax in a obscene parody of orgasm . jesse gasp , back away . lestat finish and , wiping he mouth , approach jesse . lestat you see now ? be you ready ? now do you want it ?! he gaze into she eye , find himself desperately want she to say yes . the horror , the revulsion in jesse 's face say it all . lestat no . of course you do not . she back away from he , now terrify . something 's change in he eye . they be cold , blank . lestat well I do not grant you final wish . ( shake he head ) it be a impossible wish to begin with . you see , I be unknowable . his eye still as death , he start move away . jesse lestat ! wait ! lestat turn toward she suddenly , grab she forcefully , pull she into he arm , gaze into she eye . lestat good-bye , talamascan . ( continued ) 91 . 134 continued : ( 2 ) 134 jesse close she eye in terror , know she life be about to be over . then jesse reach for she mouth as if she be touch by something when ... the image of lestat 's lip kissing she lip flash by in vampire time as ... jesse 's face be completely still in human time . as she hand drop , she realize what just happen . and with that , lestat disappear . she stare into the night . there 's a swish and the sound of rushing AIR . jesse turn , scream , back away . it 's not lestat stand there at all but mael , the druid vampire . with great speed he glide towards she , envelop jesse in he cloak , muffle she cry ... whoosh . CUT to : 135 omitted 135 &amp ; &amp ; 136 136 137 staring eye 137 pull back to reveal a porcelain doll , beautiful , perfect but unsettle . we track across row and row of doll from different era . track past the billow floor - to - ceiling curtain to reveal jesse -- still a adult , but lie awake in bed just as she have as a little girl . jesse get out of bed , trap in she own childhood memory . be she dream now ? 138 int . desert mansion - hallway - night 138 make she way down a long hall she pass a amazing array of medieval tapestry . 139 flashback - int . hallway 139 jesse as a child pick at the thread of a wall - hang in a large room . 140 back to scene ( present ) 140 she stand wonder -- eye move back and forth with rapid thought when ... she see a door at the end of the hall . walk a little faster now , she draw toward it as ... 92 . 141 flashback - int . hallway 141 jesse as a little girl , wander down a similar hall toward what sound like a cocktail party . reaching the thick wooden door she peep through to see ... 142 back to scene ( present ) 142 jesse stare up at a enormous mural dominate the far wall -- a mural of name , a family tree -- extend up onto the ceiling and down to the floor . 143 flashback - mural 143 jesse , as a little girl , walk beside maharet , look up at the mural . young jesse ( furious ) why can not I stay with you ?! please , auntie maharet ! maharet I do not want you to go , but you must . a tear of blood trickle down maharet 's cheek . young jesse auntie , you be bleed ... jesse take the tear and go to put it to she mouth but maharet violently grab she hand . Young jesse be frighten . maharet you must be with you own , my sweetest girl . I will always be watch over you . young jesse I want to stay with you forever . 144 back to scene ( present ) 144 jesse stare into nothingness . again the voice , but much gentler . maharet forever be a very long time . jesse look up out of she memory to see in the doorway down the end of the hall ... ( continued ) 93. 144 continued : 144 maharet hello , my princess . jesse aunt maharet ? jesse rush to she . stop . stare at she aunt 's glow eye , the strange pallor of she skin . jesse you be a ...? maharet yes . oh , jesse , I have miss you so much , but I have to keep this from you . jesse stand there , soaking it in . maharet take she hand gently . jesse oh my God , this be why ... I know I be different . I know -- maharet ( strongly ) come ... jesse follow maharet to the mural of the family tree . maharet you be the most precious of my great family ... jesse be I ...? maharet ( strongly ) no . you be not . I be once mortal , too . my sister die before she child be one year old . I take care of that child , and she child , and she child 's child ... point up to the huge family tree ... maharet this be we family -- my way of cope with eternity . the labyrinth of life . the family teach I the rhythm and passion of each age . ( continued ) 94 . 144 continued : ( 2 ) 144 her finger trail down the great line to a name -- " jessica reeves " ... maharet you be my most prize light . you be what keep I connect to the world of the live . jesse stare at maharet , amaze . maharet when you parent die I take you to India to take care of you . jesse and something happen there . maharet I stop it from happen . and I will again . maharet stand close , gaze at she . maharet jesse , you must stay away from lestat . you must forget all about he . jesse look at she , surprised . maharet smile . maharet yes , I know about you new friend . you think you love he , but it 's not as you think it would be . jesse stare at maharet , surprised she understand so well . jesse I think I be like he . maharet I know , but it be not who you be , not who you be mean to be . you have find that out now . jesse sit on a stone bench , confuse . maharet smile sadly , feel jesse 's inner turmoil . jesse lestat 's all I can think about ... I feel like I belong with he . now I know why ... ( continued ) 95 . 144 continued : ( 3 ) 144 maharet sit beside she , speak emphatically . maharet jesse , you must forget about he . you must trust I ... jesse ( gaze up at she a long moment ) I miss you so much , aunt maharet . maharet I too . just then the gloom of the pre-dawn 's light begin to illuminate the window of the great hall . maharet you will go home to London in the morning . jesse hold maharet 's eye . jesse but this be my home . this be where I belong . why do you want to get rid of I so quickly ? maharet touch she face gently . maharet now be not the time to be here ... the light be get brighter . maharet stand . maharet you be seek answer . now you have find they . the family be who you be . maharet go to jesse , wrap she arm tight around jesse . despite the coldness of she skin , jesse warm to the embrace , close she eye , hold she tight . then , beat by the sun , maharet stand , exit into the shadow , turn back to jesse , gaze at she . maharet you will go home to London tomorrow . 96 . 145 int . lestat' room - night 145 lestat stand by he bed , play the ancient violin ... a long mournful note . he stop a moment , lose in he thought . a flash of the first morning light reflect off the ancient wood . lestat put the violin away . a tear of blood trickle down he cheek . his face be fill with sadness at what will never be . a word escape from he lip . lestat ( whisper ) jesse . lestat draw the curtain and enter he sanctum where he coffin sit in the safety of darkness . 146 ext . maharet' desert mansion - day 146 the sun break through the date palm . 147 int . mansion - just after 147 jesse move down the hallway past painting of vampire . she pause at one of maharet . as jesse shift , the glass over the painting catch jesse 's reflection . jesse move slowly until she face just cover maharet 's . in the reflection , jesse 's eye now glow with maharet 's luminescence . jesse stare a long , long moment . 148 int . mansion - just after 148 jesse sit at a desk , write a note , torment , confusion on she face . jesse ( v.o. ) dear aunt maharet , my whole life , I have feel ... kind of crazy I guess , different from everyone , and now I know why ... you say I now know who I be mean to be ... I have find my answer . you be right ... she take a deep breath . 149 ext . maharet' desert mansion - front entrance - 149 continuous action jesse move to the front entrance , gaze at the wall surround the front gate . ( continued ) 97 . 149 continued : 149 jesse ( v.o. ) I know you want I to be a regular human girl ... but I be not . I can not be ... she look back at the house , then quickly slip out the gate . 150 ext . maharet' desert mansion - day 150 maharet 's sprawling compound sit alone in the empty desert . nothing for as far as the eye can see . jesse ( v.o. ) lestat be my destiny ... I know that now . I love you , aunt maharet . good-bye . jesse walk away from the house . come to a highway , she read a sign -- " death valley 120 mile . " just then , a vw minibus barrel down the road in jesse 's direction . she stick out she thumb ... the minibus pull to a stop on the shoulder in a cloud of dust . a vampire driver lean out the window -- not a real vampire , just a kid with white face - paint and fake fang . vampire driver need a ride ? jesse peer past the driver to a crowd of goth and fake vampire . the vampire lestat blare from the speaker . jesse ( smile ) yeah . 151 ext . death valley - from high above - dusk 151 we see a line of traffic snake out along a desert road toward a strange red glow rise into the dark night sky . a distant sound of drum beat chaotic rhythm be hear . as we fly closer , the drumming become louder and clearer . until we be right above a incredible scene ... a mass of people ( 30,000 ) gather in a valley of red rock . CUT to : 152 ext . concert entrance - night 152 look at the scene , jesse be bedazzle . push through people , she disappear into the throng as ... ( continued ) 98 . 152 continued : 152 david ( o.s. ) jesse ! 153 angle on david talbot 153 as he push through the sea of white paint and plastic vampire tooth . but she have disappear . Talbot be jostle , drop he glass on the ground . voice ( o.s. ) sorry , grandpa ! Talbot crouch down and find he glass . reemerge , he sense something and look up . 154 full shot - marius 154 watch he at a distance . next to the real thing , all this fake vampire look ridiculous . marius ( quietly ) hello , David . 155 on talbot 155 speechless . marius I must show you my new painting sometime . marius smile . Talbot be awestruck -- the goal of a lifetime 's search . he try to say something , but it 's too late . flash . marius be move through the crowd at unnatural speed . enormous pipe spout flame high into the sky , run like a corridor of red light along the crowd , lead to two enormous egyptian effigy of akasha and enkil flanking a stage at the top end . and before the stage stretch a mass of human bacchanalian debauchery ... woodstock on mescaline . nake body , pierce and tattooe , mingle with the strangest of fashion as crowd gather in circle around they own light fire , drum out awesome rhythm . the whole place be a enormous flame mosh pit -- naked body walk across head of people while other get toss and throw . this crowd be determine to get what they be promise ... nothing like they have ever see . ( continued ) 99 . 155 continued : 155 a new world , a world of the initiate who have somehow manage to include themselves in the select number of attendee to a sacred rite . and among the mortal be the immortal . amidst they we see the tattooe vampire , the armani vampire , the other , now dress in cloak which they use to hide they knife and sickle . 156 high above valley 156 stand on the strange rock be the ancient vampire , except for maharet . some of whom can not help but smile at the scene below . marius be now with they . pandora ( wistful , to mael ) it 's just like nero 's day . they scan the horizon , the darken sky . maharet akasha will not be able to resist this ... the crowd begin to clap -- drum from different circle begin to impatiently beat into one deafen rhythm . 157 int . backstage - night 157 backstage be all abuzz with pre-show energy ; press everywhere . Roger still worry and sweat . James , Alex and maudy sit in they own circle , jam with they unplugge instrument , psyching themselves up for the biggest night of they life . 158 int . lestat' honey - wagon - night 158 lestat stretch out with he eye close as the sound of the drumming crowd begin to make the whole van shudder . Roger pop he head in . roger they be get pretty work up out there . 159 int . backstage - night 159 lestat emerge from he honey - wagon , splendid in he concert costume . he look ready for business , whatever may happen . the band look at each other , then look to lestat . this be the moment . he smile like a father at they . ( continued ) 100 . 159 continued : 159 lestat come on , child . Alex , maudy and James start beat out the rhythm with the crowd as they move through backstage . the drum beat rise to a crescendo . 160 back to crowd 160 jesse make she way through the throng , try to get closer to the stage . suddenly the torch go out send the place into utter darkness . a stunne moment . the place go berserk . we see the dim figure of the band take they place . jesse desperately try to push toward the front . 161 int . backstage - night 161 lestat ready himself as he scan the valley from behind a speaker , and see ... 162 lestat' Pov - vampire 162 wait here and there in the audience , set to attack . 163 back to lestat 163 who smile to himself . 164 back in crowd 164 boom , the torch relight and a enormous chord surge through the crowd louder than a jet on takeoff . the mass surge forward ... the stage light up in a huge halo of blood - red light . the band play a hypnotic tune that would put the devil in a spell , as ... we wait for lestat . the band keep play the pound cadence , as ... the audience do not see lestat anywhere and cheer over the sound , and it seem as if the whole of death Valley be shaking , when ... lestat appear above the stage , inhumanly levitate and ... lestat I be so glad I decide to rise ... ( shouting ) after tonight , death Valley will live up to its name ! ( continued ) 101 . 164 continued : 164 the place erupt into one solid scream as the band kick it in . he swoops down through the air over the stage and into they very midst . jesse , in the crowd , scream up to he ... but she voice be lose in the thousand of scream for he . lestat take the microphone and lean he lip into it , let he voice soar into a inhuman note , fill the valley like a demon demand heaven be replace with hell . 165 at back of concert - mixing board 165 two studio engineer sit daze . engineer # 1 ( cockney accent ) could we turn it down a tad ? the second engineer look to the mixing panel . engineer # 2 his mic 's not even up . they stare , dumbfounded . 166 back to concert 166 the pulsing strain move into a faster beat as the whole place resonate with the most incredible harmonics , the energy throbbing , the crowd almost genuflect in front of this papal devil . all move and sway except for ... jesse , desperately squeezing through body try to get closer and closer to ... lestat , who command the place with he echoing voice . lestat hold the place in the palm of he hand . lestat 's dark soul seem ready to burst as he move he voice into a even higher unworldly octave , and then ... 167 lestat' Pov 167 the vampire move through the crowd . goth girl in the front row , weep ... maudy , James and Alex off in the cloud , play the best music of they life . the place have go wild , live off its own energy now as wave of sound bounce through the valley band up into the night sky . 102 . 168 back to scene 168 lestat you want more ?! the crowd scream ... crowd yes ! lestat this one 's for that who have come for I ! all yell that they have , but the coven know it 's for they . lestat launch the band into a new number that make the previous song seem like a lullaby . he eye the coven - assassin here and there and sing straight to they . his lyric challenging the assassin , flaunt they with satire . jesse whirl around , spying the assassin in the crowd . she shake she head no ... the coven need no more encouragement as they begin to move through the crowd toward the stage . we rise up over the crowd to see fifty assassin snake at preternatural speed , unseen to all except we in we inhuman vantage . CUT to : 169 ancient - night 169 marius spy the coven slip through the crowd at a strange velocity . he look to lestat , worried ... 170 back to stage 170 the assassin approach closer -- lestat assault with relentless lyric ... reaching the stage , they be suddenly on it -- roady run in and be immediately cast aside by inhuman power . we speed into vampire time as ... ( note : in camera , no c.g.i . ) the assassin draw knife and lunge , determine to dismember lestat . lestat do a acrobatic leap , dodging the knife . he rip the microphone from the stand and hold it up just in time ... as a assassin be impale . the assassin squirm and convulse . the crowd go insane ... lestat snarl at the audience as if this really be part of the performance ... the assassin attack again , this time hurtle massive light stand like they be small spear . lestat dodge they . the assassin break glass bottle , lunge with the deadly shard . ( note : Band should not be see in this part of sequence . ) 103 . 171 marius 171 can hold himself back no longer . he fly over equipment and roady , up into the air . the ancient gaze after he and ... 172 on stage 172 he land square in the middle of the fray . back to mortal time . the crowd cheer at the sudden appearance of the figure on stage , loving the show . lestat grin at marius . the band keep play . marius hurl a huge light at the assassin . it explode as it hit they , pin one with shard . but a assassin hurl a sickle at lestat . lestat be strike down , he sing stop . the assassin move in . CUT to : 173 ancient vampire 173 watch from they rock . pandora 's face , fill with excitement . pandora there be too many of they ! they be go to dismember he . armand be enjoy the show . armand good ! 174 back to stage 174 assassin corner lestat and marius -- blade , break bottle reflect the spotlight . lestat raise he arm for the crowd . the crowd jeer . lestat look to maudy and the band . lestat get out of here ! the band scamper off stage as the assassin fly past , the reverb from they guitar whistle into a deafen pitch . jesse join the scream crowd . jesse lestat ! lestat ! ( continued ) 104 . 174 continued : 174 as the killer vampire make they final move , it look bleak for lestat ... but one after the other they spontaneously combust , turn hot - white to black ash and drift up into the air like strange supernatural kite . the crowd holler and scream , not quite believe what they see or how it be do , when ... down in the throng , vampire also begin to combust -- hot flash of white explode through the crowd , turn into black paper doll -- wafting up over the valley -- crumble into flutter puff of soot . panic take over the mass of people , run in all direction . jesse remain pin to she spot . 175 lestat 175 stand in wonder as marius stare up into the high darkness . marius ( soft , to himself ) akasha . the valley fill with hundred of burn " kite " float like black ghost . khayman , pandora and armand gaze up at the sky . maharet she be here ... 176 jesse 176 stare in wonder and terror at the burn " kite . " then seize she chance . she push toward the stage against the tide of body flee . 177 int . backstage - meanwhile 177 Roger be try to manage the building chaos backstage as the FIRE marshal and several firemen follow after he . FIRE marshal you do not have a permit for any of this stunt ! roger I tell you I do not know anything about it ! a walkie - talkie distract the Fire marshal long enough to allow Roger to run . ( continued ) 105 . 177 continued : 177 roger last time I work for a bloody vampire ... look up at the sky , he stare in awe ... there be a low powerful rumble ... the mortal crowd look around , distract from they panic , as they sense something truly awesome ... 178 lestat 178 sense it too . he look up , not know from which direction the attack will come . the stage start to shudder and shake violently ... jesse , now almost to the stage , scream to he . jesse lestat ! lestat ! suddenly the wooden platform beneath lestat begin to buckle under he foot . fragment of wood explode upwards around lestat . marius lose he balance and stagger backwards ... fragment of sharp wood fly into the audience . jesse raise she hand to protect herself . she look up . freezes . akasha rise up through the stage . beautiful and terrifying . she grab lestat and the two of they shoot up into the air . the crowd stare in awe . jesse be freeze . Roger , the Fire marshal , the band , everyone be freeze . Talbot stare up at akasha , he face white , unable to believe he eye . even the ancient one be stunne to see they Queen come to life . scaffold collapse in a explosion of electrical SPARKS ... ( note : practical explosion . ) the ancient one stare up into the sky as ... akasha and lestat vanish . jesse stare in horror after they . 179 ext . sky - evening 179 blackness . 180 ext . death valley peak - night 180 lestat open he eye and find himself high above the desert , the tiny light of the concert far below . ( continued ) 106 . 180 continued : 180 lestat whirl around to suddenly see behind he akasha in a extravagant egyptian robe , its sheer cloth of gold drape she godly form . lestat be awestruck . akasha come to life ... lestat akasha ... akasha still say nothing -- she advance with a luscious , curling smile . akasha why so surprised , my love ? you call , and I have come . lestat be awestruck . there be such a unearthly power in akasha 's voice . everything seem to hum and vibrate with she breath . akasha never fear I , lestat . you wish have all come true . lestat my wish ...? akasha you have yearn for a companion to share eternity . you have cry out to the world . I have answer you call . akasha spread she arm , move ever closer to lestat . akasha you be so bold , like you music . it wake I . you live you life in the open , like I do long ago , when I have a King . lestat have a King ? akasha he 's no more . you be my consort . I have keep you safe -- alive . lestat you ? ( continued ) 107 . 180 continued : ( 2 ) 180 akasha you think it be all you ? ( laugh ) you have the ego of a king as well . I know you , lestat . I know that you crave to have the world at you foot . I have come to give it to you . akasha bite she own lip . blood trickle slightly across she chin . lestat stare at the blood , yearn towards it , as the pulse of she blood increase ... lestat look at it , both want and fearful . wrapping she arm around lestat , she brace he , lick he face . akasha have you tongue lose its taste for blood ? lestat ( melting ) never . akasha but you do not kill the mortal girl . lestat look catch . akasha instead you kiss she . now kiss I . ( note : shoot as practical , actor against plain night sky , as much as possible . ) akasha rise above he , hover over lestat , let a single drop of blood spill into he mouth . lestat levitate above the ground to meet she as ... akasha hover higher , draw he into the sky until they mouth finally meet and she blood flow freely into he . lestat pull away as a great surge of power gather in he and flood he body with a electric rush . akasha be my King . forget about everything else . lestat look straight at akasha , he face flushed . his eye be empty of everything except she blood . akasha what 's you answer ? ( continued ) 108 . 180 continued : ( 3 ) 180 lestat look at she and then smile . akasha 's mouth spread into a smile . flashes of brilliant light strobe over they as lestat move to she , suck again . there 's a powerful rush of wind that engulf they as they spin together , detach from time and space . 181 flash cut - stock footage 181 all intercut with akasha 's skin , she body taut and arching . lestat fall back in ecstasy . he shake out he body and let out a howl of pleasure -- feel he arm , he chest , he groin as akasha 's blood course through he vein . akasha watch and wait . finally lestat grin boyishly through bloody tooth and wipe he lip with the back of he hand . lestat can we try that again ? akasha smile at he , then laugh a strange laugh , a kind of purr / growl . lestat gaze at she as the sensual hiss seem to surround he . it be seductive and scary . lestat step up , put a finger to she lip . lestat show I the world ... akasha 's mouth spread into a smile and she yank he up into the air and off into the night . 182 int . maharet desert mansion - night 182 mael lead jesse down the hall . she stare ahead at what look like statue stand in the shadow . her eye widen as the statue come to life : armand , pandora , khayman , marius be talk in hushed tone , gather before maharet 's " great family Tree . " camera sweep over the endless line , the row of name that stretch down the stone wall -- across the floor , fill room after room . the ancient all stare , deeply move . maharet turn to they . maharet we see now what akasha mean to do . rule as Queen again . ( point to the great family ) this be why we must fight akasha ! maharet look around , determine , challenging each of the immortal . ( continued ) 109 . 182 continued : 182 maharet for the sake of all mortal . she must be stop , or the mortal world will end . the ancient fall silent as they take this in . they gaze again at maharet 's great family , humble for a moment by she life 's passion . mael but be there a way ? we do not know . khayman when she open herself to give she blood , she be vulnerable . marius then we weaken she . drain she of almost all she blood , but leave she just one drop . maharet we can not take that chance . we must finish she . armand if she die , we all die . pandora we be damned no matter what happen . maharet perhaps . maharet gaze at they , she mind work ... pandora , khayman , mael gaze at each other , still uncertain . jesse and what about lestat ? maharet lestat have join with akasha . he be lose to we now . he be never come back . jesse I do not believe that . CUT to : 110 . 183 lestat 183 beam with a possess look , he eye brim with vision . lestat open he eye and see a island approach . in the distance light sparkle as a enormous plantation villa be reveal , nestle into the far shore . CUT to : 184 ext . akasha' plantation villa - night 184 lestat and akasha stand on a cliff - top . wind rip through the tree . everywhere , there be torch , and a million candle light the vast house . lestat and akasha glide past the forest of exotic flower ... past the fountain and statue -- up the step to the open french door . Long white curtain billow in the sea wind . lestat where be we ? akasha we be home . lestat you live here ? akasha we live everywhere and anywhere we choose . the world be we garden . 185 int . akasha' plantation villa - night 185 lestat step in through billow curtain , stop ... there be three West indian girl , young , voluptuous , beautiful , dress in simple work clothes and traditional head - wrap . they stare at lestat , nervous , yet fascinate . they move towards he . lestat find himself surround by hand , touch he , reach beneath he shirt , pull he clothes from he body . he swoon , close he eye , smile . lestat so warm ... ( sniff they skin ) ... they blood ... akasha ... yes ... lestat ... they be mortal ... ( continued ) 111 . 185 continued : 185 akasha ... of course . they serve the live goddess , and she consort . they find you beautiful . you be a god in they eye . dissolve to : 186 series of shot 186 ... golden dark hand pull clothes away from lestat 's white skin ... breast strain through white linen as they press themselves closer to he ... the surface of water , scent with red rise petal . lestat 's white skin break the surface . lestat be lower into the bath , he skin alive with the dance candle reflect in the water ... the water lap gently -- strange sigh of pleasure as girl ' hand caress lestat 's torso ... they hand reach down lower and lower through the water ... lestat 's eye remain close but he mouth open ... now it 's akasha kissing he . lestat respond , but he eye sneak a peek . akasha smile -- take he head in she hand -- she kiss he , push he back -- he try to resist -- he can not , startle by she strength ... akasha kiss he neck , he chest , bite ... lestat arch in ecstasy ... akasha rise up from he breast , blood on she lip , smile , go back down and drink . dissolve to : 187 akasha and lestat - later 187 now move to the bed , surround by the fine net ... kissing , probing each other 's body , float above the bed ... akasha roll he over -- smile down at he -- a fang expose ... she draw she wrist across she mouth ... a globule of blood smack lestat 's open lip ... flash -- a thousand image in a second . lestat jolted as if by a million volt . blood smear they body -- they bathe in it . 188 close on lestat 188 the most lascivious smile spread over he face , even as the wave of pleasure still course through he , cause he mouth to twitch and tremble . he close he eye ... fade to black . 112 . fade in : 189 same scene - lestat ( later ) 189 open he eye . he sit up alone in the canopy bed , disorient . akasha be nowhere to be see . he look toward the window . the sun be just about to disappear below the horizon . lestat stare , amaze , blink ... shield he eye , lestat go to window , gaze in awe at the set sun . as the last ray slice through the sky , lestat close he eye , stretch he arm out , feel the warm sun on he skin . he smile at this feel he 's crave for so long . still smile , he open he eye , blink from the light . he turn , gaze towards the bath and gasp . the die light illuminate ... the servant girl ' body , now grey with death , lie around the edge of the bath . the rose be now black and the water be color a rich deep red ... 190 int . plantation house - hallway 190 lestat step into the hallway , stare at dead body sprinkle the ground -- both servant formally dress , and guest in white tropical evening dress ... 191 int . plantation house - dine hall - continuous action 191 the candle have all melt , form pool that spread across the lace cloth . food sit uneaten on plate . the last of the sun 's ray strike ten dead body sit around the table , some slump onto they food , some freeze in death . lestat move through the room , a feel of dread spread . we follow as he move ... 192 ext . beach - continuous action 192 ... out the french window onto the beach , body of servant and villager be scattered . lestat 's foot step down the wooden stair , onto the sand , through the body ... lestat , shield he eye , stare up in horror at the pink sky . akasha behold we Kingdom . lestat see akasha stand further down on the beach . lestat why ? ( continued ) 113. 192 continued : 192 akasha ( puzzle ) why not ? lestat this be the reason you have rise ? akasha they believe in nothing , now they be nothing . but you and I will change all that . we will give the world something to believe in again . akasha smile , raise she hand , suddenly slice she wrist with a knife . lestat stare at she drip blood . she cross to he , she eye lock on he . she lift she wrist , drip she blood into lestat 's mouth . lestat 's eye glaze over again . he smile , feed hungrily , lose again . akasha smile . akasha come , my King . we have a score to settle . the Queen and she King swiftly fly up into the darkness . 193 int . maharet' mansion - grande hall - night 193 the ancient be still debate . suddenly , the whole place begin to shake . ( note : practical shadow not c.g.i . ) a shadow pass over the ancient ' face . marius she come ... the window along one side of the hall explode with a startling gust . the ancient one look up to see ... akasha 's silhouette loom , dark and forebode . akasha my child . it warm my blood to see you all gather ... plotting against I . they trade glance and begin to fan out around the room . maharet akasha . akasha maharet . you will address my King first ... ( continued ) 114 . 193 continued : 193 lestat enter , he possess eye show only evil now . unable to help herself ... jesse lestat ! he turn slowly to the corner where she sit . they lock eye . lestat 's face stare cold and hard . jesse what have she do to you ? lestat make I see . take he arm , akasha draw lestat to she . the ancient vampire subtly position themselves under the medieval weapon hang on the wall , as marius move toward he son . marius lestat ... step aside . lestat never . she be my Queen . marius look for some recognition in lestat 's eye . there be none . maharet turn to akasha . maharet akasha . the world have change since you reign . akasha then we shall change it back . human be animal , brute creature . they destruction can only make sense . maharet we have find other way to co - exist . akasha yes . in the shadow . in silence . in shame . for what ? for respect of mortal ? they be nothing to we . they be only ... food . she cast a dangerous eye towards jesse . maharet instinctively move forward to protect she . ( continued ) 115 . 193 continued : ( 2 ) 193 akasha poor maharet . still try to hold onto what I take from you . maharet do not even flinch . marius akasha , please ... akasha ( venomous ) you think you can change my will ? I be tired of this discussion . join I , or die . maharet I will not . marius I will not . akasha I want to hear it from every one of you . what will it be ? akasha scan the face of the other ancient one , stare deep into they soul . akasha see khayman glance at the family tree . akasha 's eye blaze with anger . akasha do not tell I , you have feeling for this ridiculous mortal ! she cross to the family tree , trace the name down to one . jessica reeves . akasha be beyond fury , yet she keep she temper under control and turn to lestat . akasha do you love I ? smiling , she bite she lip , let a drop of blood glisten there , tempting lestat . lestat yes ... he draw closer . jesse stare , mortify . akasha and lestat 's mouth almost meet when akasha pull away . akasha slowly turn to jesse . akasha prove it . kill she . ( continued ) 116 . 193 continued : ( 3 ) 193 lestat she 's nothing to I . akasha just the same , I would like you to kill she . for me.t ( to the ancient ) I have have enough of this ' great family . ' it 's time to end it . maharet step between lestat and jesse . maharet you will not touch she ! akasha flick she wrist . maharet be hurl against a pillar , pin by akasha 's hand . akasha you still think to challenge I , maharet ? maharet I beg you , spare this child . akasha now . maharet struggle but akasha be too strong . jesse gaze at lestat . then step forward . jesse it 's all right , maharet . maharet stop , stand fix with the sound of jesse 's newly strong and calm voice . jesse look to lestat , straight into he dark irise , she gaze absolutely unwaver . jesse it 's what I want . I be ready . she reach up , pull aside she shirt , revealing the top of she breast . a thin , red scar remain from where she cut herself with the silver stick from the chinese barrette . lestat gaze at she , begin to advance . jesse keep she gaze steady into lestat 's , risk everything . akasha ( smirk ) how sweet ... ( continued ) 117 . 193 continued : ( 4 ) 193 lestat move closer and closer to she , gaze into she eye , hesitates for a moment , then continue on ... jesse watch he with absolute love . he reach she . maharet fly across the room , but akasha meet she halfway . grab she by the hair . maharet struggle but akasha be much more powerful . jesse offer up she neck to he bite . maharet look away and akasha look pleased as ... lestat sink he tooth into jesse 's neck . jesse gasp with the bite , but put she arm around lestat as he draw she into he , drain she of she very life - force as she hold he . with that maharet 's great family mural begin to weep blood from every name . all the ancient turn , stare at the mural as ... lestat drink and drink and jesse sigh with intimacy , clutching he neck and back , and draw he bite deeper into she flesh . she slowly crumple to the floor , be draw down until finally ... jesse lie on the floor , eye close and pale . Dead . akasha good-bye , great family . she turn to the mural with a fierce gaze . flash ! it explode , crumbling to a million piece on the ground . maharet stare in horror . akasha now , my child , remember you real family ! or else . she turn to they with a kill smile . lestat but , my Queen , you have forget my reward ! she turn to he . akasha that 's right . my King , you have just earn you crown . lestat smile with a blood-stain mouth . akasha approach lestat and offer he she vein . she look scornfully at the other as he cradle she wrist ... ( continued ) 118. 193 continued : ( 5 ) 193 akasha you see how he obey . you will or you will all die ! lestat look once at marius , then sink he tooth into its original font . he drink as akasha gasp with pleasure at give so much pleasure to he . she keep smile to the other . but lestat do not stop drink . akasha look back to he , she face change . akasha that 's enough , lestat . still lestat do not stop . akasha lestat . enough . stop ! ( note : scene as script here be quite different from what be analyze in board . notable potential expense or savings indicate with bracket . [ ] ) but lestat clamp down even harder . akasha thrashes , try to release herself . maharet and marius realize what he 's do , see the chance lestat have gain for they . a silent signal pass between they as ... the ancient make a instantaneous decision . akasha look up , gasp , in time to see maharet , marius , khayman , armand , mael , pandora fly towards she . akasha let out a hiss ... most of the ancient be throw to the ground while mael ignites in mid-air . mael 's skin bubbles . he scream , the vein in he face rise up and explode as if he blood be burn acid ... pandora too burst into flame . she fall to the ground . but lestat , strong with akasha 's blood , keep he hold and khayman , armand , marius , maharet fly at she again . they swarm over akasha . she rise into the air , thrashing about , but they hang on , form a fly mass of flail limb . the thump of akasha 's heart accelerate as they try to drain she ... akasha turn on [ khayman to incinerate he . flash . he scream as he blood boil , explode out of he fingertip -- but he do not ignite ... his wound quickly heal . he move in for another attack ...] ( continued ) 119 . 193 continued : ( 6 ) 193 the ancient be still flung around by akasha 's great strength , but they all hold on , as the thrashing finally begin to subside . the mass of body sink to the ground . the ancient pull back to reveal that ... akasha 's skin be deathly blue white . in horror , she manage to spit out she word . akasha you kill I , you kill yourselves . the ancient one look to each other , uncertain a moment . akasha gaze at they , then turn slowly , fix she gaze on lestat . he gaze back at she . suddenly , akasha take she chance , rise , she eye flare green , marshall the last of she wrath . lestat cry out in agony as smoke rise from he limb . fiercely determine , lestat bite into akasha 's throat , this time for the kill . akasha sink she nail into he throat . he hang on , he tooth deep . they be lock in mortal combat . akasha slowly sink to the ground , real fear in she eye as she strength finally vanish . maharet wait , lestat ! you must stop ! lestat pull away , leave akasha hang in a twisted , unnatural angle . they all stare wait to see what will happen ... ... maharet move quickly . she stride over to akasha and sink she fang into akasha 's neck . akasha struggle but this time she can not even rise up . maharet do not stop . a howling sound as if from hell fill the room . the ancient one stare at akasha , step back in awe . lestat sit up , burn but still alive to see ... akasha 's skin begin to grow horribly pale , to harden and cake into a chalk . there 's no blood leave to flow from the gape hole in akasha 's flesh . she slowly begin to transform back to she freeze statue state . her skin return to marble . crack multiply , become fissure . finally , akasha literally fall to piece , smashing on the stone floor like porcelain . a silent moment . the ancient one look at each other , astonished , as they realize they be still " alive . " ( continued ) 120 . 193 continued : ( 7 ) 193 khayman ( whisper ) we survive ! the ancient let out relieved hiss . but lestat be only concerned about jesse . he rush to she , pick up she lifeless head , take a dagger from the floor and slice he wrist . he bring the open vein to jesse 's mouth , but she 's not move . lestat bend down to she ear and whisper . lestat I leave you one drop , my love . drink deep and live . jesse 's lip slightly move and quiver as she taste the blood . she begin to take the blood inside she and then finally truly drink and revive as lestat cradle she . she pull away , gasp . lestat look into she eye . jesse I think I would lose you ... lestat drink , my love . her lip move to he wrist . lestat stroke she hair , soothes she . jesse gasp as pain course through she . lestat hold she close . she look up at he , they eye be lock together . lestat I will never leave you again . he hold she tight in he arm . all the ancient gaze at lestat , now understanding what he do . slowly jesse rise , gaze at lestat , she face pale , she eye glow . then jesse turn , stare at maharet . all the ancient turn , follow she gaze . a whiteness be spread across maharet 's face and skin . maharet stare at she arm and leg , slowly turn to stone . jesse go to she . jesse maharet ... ( continued ) 121. 193 continued : ( 8 ) 193 maharet my child , let I look at you ... you be finally happy . it be as it should be now ... I will watch over you always . maharet reach out , embrace jesse . then maharet sink into a chair and freeze into a statue . armand ( a reverent whisper ) she take akasha 's last drop , take akasha 's death into herself . behold , we Queen ... we new mother ... the ancient slowly bow to maharet . jesse slowly slip from maharet 's arm . go into lestat 's arm . jesse be she ... dead ? khayman no , she will live forever . she sleep . she sleep , and dream of we . jesse and lestat hold onto each other , gaze at maharet 's face . on maharet 's lip be the most content of smile . jesse wipe away a tear . marius turn to lestat . they eye meet . then marius bow at maharet 's foot . marius my Queen , I will watch over you always . dissolve to : 194 ext . talamasca headquarters ( london ) - evening 194 the sun have long disappear as the darkness settles . 195 int . talamasca headquarters - evening 195 the shadow creep up the doorway . 196 int . talbot' office - continuous action 196 Talbot sit at he desk cover with news clipping . 122. 197 close on clipping 197 image from the concert ... " mass hysteria " ... " rock and ' Roll nightmare " ... " drug in Water supply " ... the headline " Band start World Tour but where be lestat ? " ... jesse ( o.s. ) good question ... 198 back to scene 198 Talbot look up to see jesse and lestat look over he shoulder . he leap out of he seat . see the change in she instantly . talbot jesse . my God ... jesse ( smile ) David , this be lestat . he look at lestat , fear in he eye . talbot how do you do ? lestat charme , I be sure . jesse I tell you I would return with my finding . here they be . David stare , shake . talbot but please , sit down . you will have to excuse I ... it 's just so ... so ... lestat unexpect ? talbot strangely , no ... David look sadly at jesse . jesse please do not be sad . I be where I belong . I be happy now . ( continued ) 123. 198 continued : 198 lestat , content for the first time since we have know he , look lovingly to jesse . a flicker of curiosity cross David 's face . talbot Excuse I for ask but ... jesse ( smile ) what 's it like ? talbot yes . jesse do you want to find out ? talbot I ?... no. I be too old to live forever . jesse well , if you ever should change you mind ... oh . I have a present for you . from a old friend . she hand Talbot a canvas . it 's a painting . he stare at it . the painting show lestat 's concert . and in the crowd , Talbot find marius , now look straight out at the viewer , a smile on he lip . Talbot see stand beside marius be Talbot himself , dance with a young , pretty goth . Talbot smile . jesse and marius send a message . you be right . he do not go to the dorchester . but he 's gonna be at claridge 's later ... Talbot stare at they . jesse well , I guess this be good - bye . talbot yes . take care of she , lestat . lestat always . Talbot look at jesse , once he spiritual daughter . talbot good-bye , jesse . ( continued ) 124 . 198 continued : ( 2 ) 198 Talbot close he eye to shut out a tear , and jesse be at he side and lean down to whisper in he ear ... jesse good-bye , dear friend . Talbot open he eye to say something , but they be go . Talbot turn to the painting . stare at marius for a long moment . then stand , grab he coat , head for the door . 199 ext . london STREET - night 199 jesse and lestat come out of the talamascan headquarters . he take she hand and together they float up over the wall and out to the street . lestat pull jesse into he arm . they kiss . it 's long , deep , romantic . they pull away , gaze sweetly , lovingly , into each other 's eye ... and exchange happy , fange smile ... lestat shall we go get a drink , love ? she smile , nod . lestat and jesse take each other 's hand , move into the crowd , zipping through the street at that strange preternatural speed ... ... and vanish into the night . fade out . the end