queen & slim screenplay by lena waithe Story by James frey and lena waithe int . diner - night 1 ( somewhere in ohio ) 1 we be in the kind of place that feel like everyone should know you name . but they do not . families frequent this spot when they have fall on hard time . it 's practically empty on this boring Thursday . server drop off hot plate while elderly people sip cheap coffee at the counter . we focus be direct toward a black man and a black woman sit in a small booth in the back . the man : have a slender frame and a laid back demeanor . he 's not a fan of rock the boat or ruffling feather , but he be not no punk either . for the purpose of this story we will call he slim . the woman : she 's regal as fuck . she 's not a easy laugh and she 's always wait for the other shoe to drop . for the purpose of this story , we will call she queen . not unlike most first date there be long silence and a lot of force small talk . the waitress quickly drop off they food and walk away without uttering a word . Queen examine the spread . slim pray over he food . this be how he be raise . Queen sit awkwardly wait for he to look up . as soon as he do -- queen do not you ask for scramble egg ? slim yeah . she clock the two sunny side up egg on he plate . slim ( cont 'd ) it 's all good . queen no , it 's not . slim it 's just egg . queen I have a thing about that . slim egg ? they have queen no , about people not do they job well . slim she 's get four kid and a alcoholic husband at home . she 's do the best she can . queen how do you know that ? slim she come through my line every Sunday , yell at she kid and give I a stack of coupon . she can never find she costco card so I always let she use mine so she can get the discount . queen that 's nice of you . slim can I ask you something ? queen I do not know , can you ? slim easy , I know good grammar . queen do you ? slim we not in a classroom . a quick standoff . queen you gonna ask I you question or not ? slim what take you so long to respond to I ? queen I do not realize that much time have pass . slim I send you a very well craft message three week ago . I spell check it and everything and get cricket . then today , out of the blue , you hit I up ask if I wanna grab dinner . what change ? queen I have a shitty day . slim what be so shitty about it ? queen the state decide to execute my client . Queen say that as if she be give he the logline to she least favorite movie . in a instant slim lose he appetite . slim I do not know that be still legal here . queen yup . it 's legal in 31 state . and Ohio happen to be one of ‘em . slim be he innocent ? queen even if he 's not - the state should not decide whether he life or die . slim I be sorry . queen I too . ( then ) normally , I have just go home and have a glass of wine by myself . but I do not feel like be alone . not tonight . slim can not tell if this be a cry for help or a proposition . slim you do not have any friend or family you could call ? slim sip he soda . then -- queen no. slim so you turn to tinder ? queen yeah . slim why would you pick I ? queen I like you picture . slim ( flatter ) Word ? queen you have this sad look on you face . I feel sorry for you . slim damn . queen I do not mean for that to sound shady . slim well it do . slim ( cont 'd ) my dad take that picture of I . queen why be not you smile ? slim shrug . not ready to divulge the reason just yet . they be still get to know each other . slim to be honest , I do not have that many photo of myself . queen why not ? slim I know what I look like . queen picture be not just about vanity . they be proof of you existence . slim my family know I exist . that 's enough . the idea of not have to prove oneself to the world be foreign to Queen . slim stare at Queen 's plate . most of she food be untouched . particularly she caesar salad . slim ( cont 'd ) you go eat that ? queen you can have some . he reach over and stab a few big piece of lettuce with he fork . slim they always use just the right amount of dress . then -- queen do you really like this place or be it the only spot you could afford ? slim it 's black own . she be not expect that answer . Queen can appreciate this small token of righteousness . queen touché . CUT to : int . car - a hour later - night 1 2 slim drive a white honda accord . yeah , he do not give a fuck about car . he try to create a vibe by play some neo - soul music . which be regular soul music with a hint of patchouli . he keep look down at he phone . check the direction . queen you should not text and drive . slim ai not nobody texting . I be make sure I do not get lose . she grab slim 's phone from he lap . queen I can tell you how to get to my hotel . slim give I my phone ! queen relax . I be gonna give it back . slim you go tell I where to turn ? queen yeah . Queen point leave . slim oh so now you go point the direction ? queen I be tell you where to go . slim be visibly annoyed . Queen start sifting through he phone . queen ( cont 'd ) you make a playlist ? that 's cute . slim try to grab he phone back , unsuccessfully . slim do not go through my phone ! she smile . queen do you like '' in a sentimental mood '' before or after '' Love Jones '' ? slim I know about that shit way before '' Love Jones . '' queen do not lie . slim okay - I fuck with it more after I see the movie . queen I appreciate you honesty . then -- slim so what happen tonight ? queen you be gonna drop I off and you 's 1ll go home , I guess . slim oh. queen do you think we be gonna have sex ? slim be embarrassed . slim no . I think we be gonna hang out . maybe get to know each other . queen Nah , I be good . slim take he phone back from Queen cause he to swerve a bit . then he switch lane without signal . just as he start to pick up speed . he hear a horrifying sound . woop woop . every black person 's worst nightmare . 8 . we hear a robotic voice muffle through a loud speaker : '' pull over . that corner right there . '' slim 's heart start to race . Queen 's heart beat at its usual speed . queen ( cont 'd ) do you have any warrant ? slim really ? queen do you ? slim Nah , I be not get no warrant . queen do you have any weapon in the car ? any narcotic ? slim I get a pocket knife in the glove compartment . queen that 's fine . slim I know it be . ext . STREET - night 1 3 the police officer step out of he car and make he way to slim 's door . he motion for slim to roll down he window . he do . police officer can you turn the radio down ? slim pause for a beat . then he do as he 's tell . he 's always be good at be obedient . the Police Officer aim the light directly in slim 's eye . slim quickly shield he face so he can see what 's in front of he . police officer ( cont 'd ) put you hand down . he do as he 's tell . queen he only have it up because you be shine a light in he eye . police officer I be try to see inside the vehicle . queen it 's just we . police officer license and registration . slim reach for he wallet . slim I be grab my wallet . police officer I can see that . queen ( under she breath ) well , y’all like to shoot first and ask question later . police officer do you have something you wanna say to I ? queen no , I do not . slim hand over he license . slowly . as he reach over to rummage through he glove compartment he hand accidentally graze Queen 's thigh . he 's not be fresh . just nervous . he finally find he crumpled up registration and hand it over . police officer do you know why I pull you over ? slim no , sir . police officer you forget to use you signal back there . and you swerve a bit . Queen shake she head . slim oh , my bad . 10 . police officer yeah , it be . the Police Officer take slim 's license and registration and slowly walk back to he squad car . Queen sit there . seethe . slim be calm as a cucumber . queen I can not believe this shit . slim just chill . she do not like be tell what to do . queen Excuse I ? slim I tell you to chill out . queen I have a right to be angry . slim I be not tryna die tonight . the weight of that statement leap out of slim 's soul and land in Queen 's lap . int . squad car - continuous - night 1 4 the Police Officer talk to he dispatcher . on he dashboard we see a photo . it 's a picture of he wife and kide . the kid be twin boy . they both have blonde hair and green eye . they be completely unaware of how privileged they life will be simply because they be bear white and male . the wife be a bored brunette whose dream be no bigger than she backyard . dispatcher whattya get ? police officer Black male . Black female . both late twenty . they be in a white Honda . ( more ) 11 . police officer ( cont 'd ) Driver change lane without signal . he be drive erratically . dispatcher be he under the influence ? police officer I do not know yet . I x11 make he do a breathalyzer . dispatcher let I know if you need anything . police officer will do . int . slim be car - moment later - night 1 5 the Officer be back at slim 's window - lean in a little too close . police officer will you step out of the vehicle , please ? queen ( under she breath ) shit. slim can I ask why , Officer ? police officer no , you can not . step out of the car . before he get out of the car Queen and slim lock eye . he do not know Queen very well , but he can tell she have the spirit of nat Turner wrestle inside of she . slim step out and put he hand on the roof of the car . the Police Officer proceed to search he , aggressively . police officer ( cont 'd ) you get any sharp object in you pocket I should know about ? slim no , sir . police officer any illegal substance ? 12 . slim no , sir . police officer what about in the vehicle ? slim no , sir . CUT to : int . slim be car - passenger seat - same time - night 1 Queen 's leave knee bounce uncontrollably . her chest go up and down . Queen look in the rearview mirror and see the Police Officer interrogate slim on the side of the road . CUT to : ext . STREET - continuous - night 1 the Police Officer finish patting slim down . police officer have you be drink tonight ? slim no . slim laugh . police officer why be that funny ? slim Cause I do not drink . police officer do I a favor , pop the trunk . slim why ? police officer because I ask you to . slim hesitates . 13. slim ai not nothing in there but some shoe box . police officer let 's see ‘em . slim okay . Queen honk the horn in a effort to get the Police Officer 's attention . police officer can I help you ? queen do you have a warrant ? police officer ma ’‘am , he 's already agree to the search . so I do not need one . slim pop the trunk . he be tell the truth . the only thing in he trunk be a bunch of sneaker . consumerism be he only vice . slim feel vindicate and violate at the same time . slim told you . queen ( 0.s. ) can we go now ? the Officer 's cheek turn bright red . police officer what 's in the box ? slim shoe . police officer I be gonna check just to be sure . slim Fine . then . slim ( cont 'd ) can you please hurry up ? 14 . and just like that a switch goe off in the Police Officer 's head . he feel disrespect . his uniform be not as intimidating as he think it be . his super power be imaginary . so he go from 2018 to 1953 real quick . he pull out he gun and aim it at slim . police officer get on the ground and put you hand behind you back , now ! slim be you serious ? police officer get on the ground ! slim do as he 's tell . the Officer keep the gun point at slim 's head while look at slim 's car to make sure Queen stay inside . but after a beat she get out of the car to see what the fuck be go on . queen why be he under arrest ? the Officer turn around and aim he gun at her . with one hand . the other hand stay plant on slim 's shoulder . police officer ma ’am if you do not get back in the car I be gonna have to arrest you too . queen I be happy to get back in the car , but would you mind tell I why you be arrest he ? police officer get back in the vehicle now ! queen I be reach for my cell phone -- police officer keep you hand where I can see they ! ! queen I have the right to record this arrest . 15 . Queen reach in she pocket . Officer reed aim he gun at her and fire off two shot . boom ! boom ! the first shot miss she , but the second shot graze her right thigh . she collapse to the ground . and hit she head on the pavement . slim scream for she . he try to run toward she , but Officer reed grab he by the shoulder and slam he on the ground . Officer reed and slim roll around on the ground for a few second . until Officer reed finally pin slim to the ground and point the gun at he face . officer reed do not move ! Officer reed see Queen try to get up . he point he gun at she again - while the Officer 's attention be divert - slim knock the firearm out of he hand . when the gun go fly - Officer reed reach for it , but slim get to it first . when slim turn around he see Officer reed lunging toward he . slim fire the gun ! boom . he shoot officer reed in the neck . killing he instantly . slim drop the gun and stop breathe . Queen muffle she own scream . Officer reed 's lifeless body lie on the pavement . a pool of blood quickly form around he . Queen apply pressure to she fresh wound and wince in pain . slim get up and run to she side . he see the blood run down she leg . slim oh shit ! he try to help she up , but she do not want he assistance . queen I get it . she slowly stand up . gritting she tooth the entire time . Independence hurt . 16 . Queen look at the dead Police Officer . queen ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? physically yes . emotionally no . slim yeah . slim put Queen 's arm around he neck . he know she 's struggle to stand on one good leg . she kneel down and grab the gun . then she gently shove it in he pants . it 's they gun now . Queen turn to face Officer reed 's squad car . the headlight be still on . give the small camera on the dashboard a perfect view of she face . queen let 's go . slim look at she for a long beat . slim we can not just leave he here . queen yes , we can . now let 's go . slim walk Queen back to the car . the engine be still purring . he help she into the passenger seat . slim walk around to the other side and get in the driver 's seat . still in shock . as they drive off into the darkness all we hear be the static fill radio come from the squad car . male voice Officer reed ? Officer reed , do you need back up ? Officer reed , do you copy ? as we hear siren far off in the distance , we -- CUT to : open credit 17 . int . car - moment later - night 1 8 slim drive faster than he car be use to go . no music be play . they be no longer wrapping up a date . now they be fugitive , on the run . and one of they be wounded . slim have no idea where they be go . neither do Queen . he 's just drive . aimlessly . slim grab he phone . slim I gotta call my dad . Queen snatch he phone and toss it out the window . she chuck hers as well . slim ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be you do ? queen we can not call anybody . it ’1ll make they accomplice . slim you could have just say that shit . now we be not get no phone . queen a phone be not nothing but a tracking device anyway . slim be shell shocked as Queen try to take deep breath . slim you be bleed a lot . queen it 's okay it only graze I . the severity of what they do start to sink in . slim fuck ! why do not you just stay in the car ? queen so this be my fault ? slim you should have just let I handle it . 18. queen if I do not get out the car you would be dead right now . slim look at she wound . there 's a big gash . slim we gotta get you to a hospital . queen no ! we can not . just keep drive . slim here -— slim take off he jacket while drive . she ball hell . she look she grab she tooth slim ( cont 'd ) use my jacket as a bandage . it up and press it against she leg . it hurt like queen fuck ! slim I have a small bottle of bourbon under the seat . at he with judgmental eye . queen I think you do not drink . slim I do not . my cousin steal that from a hotel and leave it in my car . it and pour some on she open wound . Queen grit and press against it to stop the bleed . slim 's mind start to race . he can not sit still . slim ( cont 'd ) what if he be wear a body cam ? or have a camera in he car . this shit bout to be all over the fuck news . queen that 's why we have to keep go . 19 . slim we can not run forever . queen I know that . but right now we have to run until we come up with a better plan . slim well , start throw out some idea . queen since when be I in charge of come up with the idea ? slim since you make the decision to run . queen we make that decision together . slim I do not remember that . queen we be not turn ourselves in , I know that much . slim if people watch the tape they 's 1l see what happen . queen yeah - they 'il see you shoot a police officer , you idiot ! slim man , fuck this ! ext . STREET - night 1 9 slim pull the car over . he get out and just start walk . queen what the fuck be you do ? be you crazy ? Queen limp out and hurry after he . slim walk aimlessly up the road . queen ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? 20 . slim I ‘mma find somebody with a phone so I can call my family . queen if you do that they 'il know where we be . slim great . queen what if they kill we ? that stop slim in he track . he turn to look at she . slim do not say that . queen there 's no guarantee they will not . then. queen ( cont 'd ) you be a black man that kill a cop and then you take he gun . slim we take it for protection . queen exactly . slim I be not a criminal . queen you be now . slim stare at she . slim I just want to go home . I wanna see my family . slim 's eye start to water . Queen grab he hand . queen if you turn yourself in - you 'il never see they again . and just like that . something in slim shift . he feel powerless and small . 21 . queen ( cont 'd ) all we can do be go forward . there 's nothing back there for we . please . let 's just keep go . slim what about you family ? you do not care about leave they behind ? queen no . I do not . slim we can not just keep drive . we need to figure out what the fuck we go do . queen alright , let 's go to my uncle 's house . we can stay there for a few day . then we can figure out we next move . slim where do you uncle live ? queen New Orleans . slim that 's hour from here . queen then we should get go . they slowly walk back to the car . Hand in hand . CUT to : al0 int . slim be car - moment later Al 10 slim blast gospel music . Queen stare out the window . piss . queen can you please turn that shit down ? slim it 's the only thing that calm I . queen well I can not hear myself think . 10 22 . slim I do not care . she turn it down . slim ( cont 'd ) do not touch my shit . queen pull over . slim why ? queen so I can get out . slim you be not go nowhere . we in this together now . all she can do be fold she arm and roll she eye - because she know he 's right . int . slim be car - hour later - night 1 10 slim and Queen 's heart be still racing . then the car start to slow down . queen why you slow down ? slim I be outta gas . then the car come to a complete stop . they can no longer ride on fume . queen why do not you say something ? slim what you mean why be not I say something ? I have other shit on my mind . they sit there quietly for a beat . then they see a flash of light . headlights to be exact . queen okay , we gotta flag this car down . 11 23 . slim I hope they black . queen ( to herself ) that 's not always a good thing . they both step out of the car . nervous as hell . CUT to : ext . STREET - continuous - night 1 11 as the car get closer and closer , Queen realize - queen oh fuck . the driver 's wear a cowboy hat . slim dammit . slim cross himself . hope for the best . the driver be mexican . his smile be friendly and he demeanor be warm . driver y'all have car trouble ? queen uh , yeah , we run out of gas . the Driver see Queen 's leg be cover in blood . driver ma ’‘am , be you okay ? queen yeah , I accidentally cut myself . he look at slim and wonder if he 's stumble upon a domestic dispute . driver why do not you guy hop in my truck ? I have get a first aid kit in my backseat . and there 's a gas station up the road . i’1l give you a ride . slim we do not mind walk . 12 al3 24 . driver come on . I will not bite . CUT to : int . driver' truck - continuous - night 1 12 they get in the truck . slim immediately spot a sheriff' badge sit on the dash . while Queen climb in the backseat . slim fuck . sheriff what ? slim what ? sheriff something wrong ? slim uh no . I just do not know you be a sheriff . Queen look up . freak out . sheriff oh yeah , I be off duty today . he pull off . CUT to : int . sheriff' truck - moment later al3 Queen try to take deep breath while she bandage herself up . the bleed have finally stop . she use a lot of gauze and tape because she do not know when she ’1ll be able to be - bandage it . it look a mess - cause she obviously do not know what she 's do . slim sit up front , sweat bullet . slim you know what . we can walk the rest of the way . 25 . sheriff Nah , I ‘'1l let this be my good deed for the day . slim uh okay . sheriff y'all okay ? you seem jumpy . queen no , we be fine . we just make a wrong turn somewhere and get lose . slim where be we ? sheriff you be in kentucky , my friend , but do not worry - we will get you some gas and you will be on you way . ( then ) how 's you leg ? queen much better . thank you . CUT to : 13 ext . gas station - moment later - night 1 13 the sheriff look at they for a beat . they stare back , confuse . sheriff Gas cost money . slim oh shit , I leave all my stuff in the car . queen I too . slim I can pay you back when we get to the car . the sheriff take pity on they and walk into the gas station . CUT to : 14 15 26 . int . gas station - counter - continuous - night 1 14 the sheriff grab a red jug for the gas to go in and then he walk up to the cashier . sheriff I need to fill this up . cashier that 's 1ll be ten buck . the sheriff hand he the money . then he look out the window and see Queen and slim stand by he car . a voice from he walkie give he a update . voice a Police Officer be shot and kill by two assailant in Ohio . a male and a female . both african- american . one of the suspect be wounded by the officer . they be say to be armed and dangerous . let 's just keep we eye open . he stare dagger at Queen and slim . they can feel he eye on they . CUT to : ext . gas station - same time - night 1 15 Queen have she hand on the passenger door . slim pace back and forth . queen stop pace . slim I can not help it . queen you look guilty . slim I be guilty . queen have you be charge with something ? slim no. 27 . queen then you be not guilty . slim why be he stare at we like that ? queen I do not know . CUT to : 16 int . gas station - counter - continuous - night 1 16 the cashier hand the sheriff a receipt . cashier do you need anything else ? sheriff hold on a second . he grab he walkie and talk into it . sheriff ( cont 'd ) what kind of car be they in ? voice a white Honda . sheriff any other info ? voice we be still wait for the dash cam footage to come in . CUT to : 17 ext . gas station - night 1 17 queen get in the driver 's seat . slim be you crazy ? queen just do it . Quick . slim hop into the driver 's seat . Queen get in the passenger side . before slim can turn the key - bam ! 18 28 . the sheriff hold the red jug up to the driver side window . startle they . sheriff be y’all go leave without I ? and before he can blink - Queen hold the dead police officer 's gun to he head . queen get in the car . the sheriff do as he 's tell . without alarming anyone . CUT to : int . sheriff' truck - moment later 18 the sheriff be drive while Queen hold a gun to the back of he head from the backseat . slim be in the passenger seat wishing he could make himself disappear . sheriff my name be Edgar . I have live in kentucky all my life . my wife die three year ago and now I be raise we son by myself . I be all he have in the world . watch he grow up have be the great bless of my life . queen do not worry . I be not gonna kill you . after a beat . sheriff do y’all kill that police officer ? slim it be self defense . sheriff I be sure it be . I have some colleague that have get out of line more than once . CUT to : 19 29 . ext . STREET - continuous - night 1 19 they be back at slim 's car . Queen keep the gun to he head . the sheriff keep he hand where she can see they . Queen look a the sheriff 's truck and then she look at slim 's car . then -- queen pop the trunk . slim why ? queen just do it . slim do as he 's tell . then she look at the sheriff . queen ( cont 'd ) get inside , please . the sheriff struggle to get inside slim 's trunk . there 's a lot of shoebox in there . he finally get inside . once he 's in the trunk Queen lean over he . sheriff I do not know what happen . but whatever it be , I be sure you have good reason for do what you do . please . let I help you . Queen just look at he , with hurt and anger in she eye and slam the trunk close . slim what have you do that for ? he want to help we . queen he be not go help we . slim take a deep breath try to calm himself down . queen ( cont 'd ) it 's they job to make you feel like everything will be okay . but the second you confess you become property of the state . be that what you want ? you wanna be the state 's property ? 20 30 . slim no . Queen get in the driver 's seat of the pick up truck and lean she head out the window . queen you come ? slim hop in the truck - and they be off . CUT to : int . truck - moment later - night 1 20 Queen be speed down the highway . slim slow down . queen I get it . slim I be just tryna keep we from get pull over again . Queen want to run away so bad . that 's she pattern . but she can not this time . she 's trap . queen I be hungry . slim I too . he see a few fast food spot up ahead . slim ( cont 'd ) just stop at McDonalds or something . queen that 's disgusting . slim now be not the time to be choosy . CUT to : 21 22 31 . ext . mcdonald drive thru - forty minute later - night 1 21 Queen spot a few brown boy fail miserably at skateboard trick in the parking lot . she sit up in she seat and lock eye with one of they . he have a lot of meat on he bone and a face cover in freckle . we will call he chubby . she wave he over . slim clock this and freak out . slim what you do ? the boy do not even try to stop chubby from walk over . they just keep busting they ass on the pavement . queen you wanna get some free food and make a little money ? chubby what 's the catch ? slim ai not no catch , 1il man . chubby aight . Queen hand he the last twenty dollar bill from she wallet . slim let I get a double cheeseburger and the ten piece chicken nugget with sweet and sour sauce . queen I will have a chicken sandwich with no condiment and a small fry . you can keep the change . chubby ai not go be much leave after all that . CUT to : ext . truck - moment later - night 1 22 they be sit on the bed of the truck - under the star . 32 . slim eat fast and loud . Queen eat like a rabbit . she watch he devour he food with a disgust look on she face . queen you make a lot of noise when you eat . slim woman , this could be my last meal - would you just let I be ? queen it 's hard for I to eat with you make so much noise . slim try to eat quieter . he fail , but Queen appreciate the gesture . slim I have never hear of someone not be able to eat because they be disgust by the sound of other people eat . queen I know it 's weird , but I have a thing about it . slim how do you avoid the sound of people eat ? queen I eat alone most of the time . slim that 's not surprising . she cut she eye at he . slim stop eat for a second . slim ( cont 'd ) you scared ? queen no . slim you be lie . queen how do you know ? a beat . 33 . slim you answer too fast . queen I think if a person answer too fast it mean they be tell the truth . slim my dad always tell I if a person answer too quick it mean they have the lie ready to go . queen wow . well that 's good to know . slim how do you know if you client be tell the truth ? queen I do not . slim then how can you defend they ? queen that 's my job . slim but why do you do it ? queen I refuse to let certain state swap out a southern tree for a electric chair and call it justice . slim be you a good lawyer ? queen I be a excellent lawyer . slim why do black people always feel the need to be excellent ? why can not we just be ourselves ? queen we should go . 34 . she hop down and get in the passenger side . slim wonder why she be so abrupt just then . maybe he strike a nerve . he shake it off and hop in the driver seat . but before they can pull off he hear -- chubby ( 0.s. ) hey , be this y’all ? chubby play they a video on he phone . it 's the dash cam footage of slim shoot Officer reed in the neck . the video have already be view by over a hundred thousand people . slim Nah , man . that be not we . slim get spook and quickly start the car . chubby keep bang on the window . chubby hold on , my dad wanna talk to y'all ! as soon as he pull forward he feel a impact . he hit something . or someone . chubby ( cont 'd ) daddy !!! slim get out of the car . Queen stay inside . slim spot a large black man lay on the ground . slim go to touch he , but he flinch . slim I be so sorry . I do not see you . chubby you almost kill my daddy ! large black man I think you hit my bad knee . slim can you move it ? he try to and then he scream in pain . chubby start cry . chubby you break my daddy leg ! 35 . large black man stop cry like a lil bitch . I x11 be alright . chubby mommy tell you to stop call I a 1il bitch . large black man nigga , I will call you whatever the fuck I want . Queen hop out of the car to move this along . queen we have to go now . chubby y'all gotta take he to the hospital . queen we can not go to a hospital . chubby so I can get y’all food , but you can not take my daddy to the hospital ? large Black man moan in pain every time he try to move he leg . slim where 's the nearest hospital ? queen we do not have time for this . slim would you calm down ! queen do not talk to I like that . slim i’1l talk to you however I wanna talk to you . large black man ya 's will sound like I and my bitch . chubby do not call my mama a bitch ! 23 36 . large black man I be not talk bout yo mama . slim try to help the large Black man to he foot . slim come on , we be gonna take you to a hospital . slim , Queen , and chubby all grab a limb and help he into the back of the pick up truck . CUT to : int . truck - continuous - night 1 23 slim drive carefully as to not irritate the large Black man 's injury . chubby hold he dad 's hand the whole way . large black man I support what y’all be do . queen what do you mean ? large black man killing this crooked ass cop . we need to take all this muthafuckas out . slim that 's not what we be do . large black man I see the video , okay . if a cop shot at my bitch , I would kill he ass too . Queen and slim look at each other . they heart be racing . large black man ( cont 'd ) cop killllaaaaassss !!! slim shut the fuck up , man ! large black man be y'all the new Black panther !? be that what this be ? slim no ! 24 37 . large black man this be revenge . slim for what ? large black man for that nigga he kilt two year ago . queen what ? chubby some dude be take he daughter to school , mind he own business , and that cop kill he for no reason . Queen remember the case . slim cut he eye at she . slim do you know about this ? queen of course not . he do not know what to believe . then -- queen ( cont 'd ) the hospital 's on the leave , pull over ! ext . hospital - night 1 24 slim swerve into the driveway . slim alright . we be here . chubby y'all go help I with he or nah ? large black man they gotta lay low . it 's probably camera all up and through this bitch . chubby open the car door and drape he dad 's arm around he neck . he stumble a little bit , but eventually he make it out and walk up to the slide door of urgent care . 25 38 . before slim can pull off , the large Black man turn around and say -- large black man ( cont 'd ) power to the people . he raise he right fist then he limp inside . CUT to : ext . STREET - day 2 ( dawn ) 25 slim and Queen continue drive through kentucky . they see roll hill and tall phone line that look like cross . slim how long before a helicopter start fly over we ? queen I do not know . slim please tell I you do not fuck with that cop on purpose . queen of course not . slim you seem real calm when you see he dead body . queen he shot at I . slim you be crazy , man . queen it should be a sin to call a black woman crazy . slim you one of that people that think God be a black woman ? queen I do not believe in God . slim Lord help I . 26 39 . Queen clock the almost empty gas tank . queen you be on E. slim fuck . queen I really need you to start pay attention to that shit . slim why do not you pay attention ? queen you drive . a beat . slim I do not think it 's smart for we to be walk into gas station . queen it 's not that scary . I tell you what to do . slim you only say that cause you do not have to do it . queen you get this . I believe in you . slim do not patronize I . queen I be not . CUT to : int . gas station - moment later - day 2 26 slim stand in front of a teenage white boy . this be he part time job . and he hate it . slim look at the newspaper stack in front of he . him and Queen 's face be on the cover . the word '' wanted '' rest above they head in bold black letter . 40 . slim let I get forty on pump nine . the teenager wait for slim to hand over the money . but instead - slim lift up he shirt and show he gun . that 's he currency . teenage white boy be that a .45 ? slim yeah . teenage white boy can I hold it ? slim no , you can not . teenage white boy I will pay for you gas if you let I hold it . slim that 's not a fair trade . teenage white boy if you do not let I hold it - you will have to stick up another gas station . slim I could kill you right now . teenage white boy you do not look like a killer to I . slim appreciate the fact this young man can see he 's not a cold blooded killer . after a beat he take the gun out of he pants and hand it over . the kid go from be a innocent teenager to John Wayne in a matter of second . teenage white boy ( cont 'd ) why do hold a deadly weapon make I feel so alive ? then he aim the gun at slim 's head . they stare at each other for a long beat . slim start to shake . the teenager hold the gun steady . barely shaking at all . while slim fear for he life . 27 41 . slim what the fuck be you do ? the teenager start laugh and put the gun down . teenage white boy I be just mess with you . the teenager put forty buck in the register and activate the gas pump . then hand the gun back to slim . and just like that he go back to be a kid again . CUT to : ext . house - five hour later - day 2 27 they arrive in New Orleans . they pull up to a house far off the beat path . it 's big , but not well keep . this house use to be own by people who care for it , but its new inhabitant could care less . Queen bang on the door . slim damn , why you knock like you the police ? no answer . she knock again . slim ( cont 'd ) if you do not throw we phone out the window we could have call . queen if I do not throw we phone out the window the police would have catch we by now . slim touché. this bring a small smile to Queen 's face . then she keep knock . until a tall black girl , with a fire in she belly and a glimmer in she eye , answer the door . she look like the romantic interest in every hip hop music video ever make . tall black girl can I help you ? 28 29 42 . queen be my uncle here ? tall black girl who 's you uncle ? queen bitch , do not play with I . the tall Black girl open the door to let they in . tall black girl he in the back . CUT to : int . house - continuous - day 2 28 Queen walk through the house like she own it . slim trail behind she . she make she way down a few hallway , and brushes by goddess - a half black , half asian twenty - something girl . there 's no glimmer in she eye - just star . her eye widen as slim and Queen walk by . goddess oh shit ! it 's they ! int . house - back room - continuous - day 2 29 Queen open the door to find she uncle earl peel shrimp . he 's rock a red velour track suit and have a bald head . he stand up and look at Queen . from the look on he face they have not see each other in a while . uncle Earl wipe he hand and walk over to give she a hug . the embrace be one-side . uncle earl well , if it be not the black bonnie and clyde . Earl reach out to shake slim 's hand . Earl 's hand be twice the size of he . queen I do not know what the news be say , but whatever it be - it 's not true . 30 43 . uncle earl you know I do not fuck with the news . I keep my ear to the street . queen the street lie too . uncle earl they know better than to lie to I . y’all hungry ? int . house - kitchen - moment later - day 2 30 uncle Earl cook up some creamy shrimp scampi alfredo . it look amazing . he make plate for slim , Queen , and the two beautiful girl we see earlier . uncle earl I always hope you have escape this life without get shot at . he lean back . uncle earl ( cont 'd ) who patch you up ? slim she do . uncle earl you be not do a good job . Earl stare at Queen for a long beat . a little too long . cause she to look away . uncle earl ( cont 'd ) what 's you plan ? queen we need to figure that out . uncle earl well , y’all need to hurry up cause the cop be like slave catcher . they can smell a runaway from mile away . queen I be aware . uncle earl how you go outrun the police ? 44 , queen we do not have to outrun they . we just have to make sure they do not know where we be . uncle earl that be not hard to do . cop be dumb as shit . tall black girl not all of ‘em . uncle earl she only say that cause she use to fuck one of they muthafuckas . tall black girl do not be jealous . uncle earl I be not jealous of nobody . niggas jealous of I . before this turn into a bigger fight Queen interrupt . queen we might need to stay here for a little while . uncle earl Hell nah . the swat team probably already on they way . and I can not have they muscle neck muthafuckas sniff around my shit . this put the fear of God in slim . queen so what be we suppose to do ? uncle earl I do not know . queen so you just go let we get kill ? uncle earl that 's the risk you take . queen fuck you , Earl . she get up to leave . slim follow she . goddess look at Earl with puppy dog eye . her charm be hard to resist . then -- 45 . uncle earl how long y’all need to stay ? queen a night or two . uncle earl well which one be it ? queen two night . uncle earl fine. queen we need some cash . uncle earl how much ? queen enough to last we for a few day . uncle earl what else ? queen we need one of you car . uncle earl you can kiss my black ass . tall black girl he love that car more than he love we . queen you want I to sign the house over to you or not ? uncle earl you always tryna blackmail somebody . uncle earl ( cont 'd ) I be not get no extra car just lay around . goddess what about the cadillac ? 46 . uncle earl goddess , if you do not shut the fuck up . slim I do not know how inconspicuous we go be riding around in a cadillac . queen that 's the whole point . we ’1ll be hide in plain sight . goddess sit on Earl 's lap . queen ( cont 'd ) do you agree to my term or not ? uncle earl I be not give you no car . she get in he face . queen you owe I . that three word stab he in he stomach . slim try to read the situation , but can not make sense of it . uncle earl you sure this how you want I to pay you back ? Queen nod . uncle earl ( cont 'd ) okay . Earl get up and grab the car keys from a drawer nearby . he toss they to slim . slim do not catch they . uncle earl ( cont 'd ) you need to figure out what the fuck you go do when you leave here . queen we will . Earl look at slim . uncle earl she talk for both of y’all ? 47 . slim no . uncle earl could have fool I . queen do not do that . uncle earl I just wanna know what the nigga 's think . Cause he look kinda slow to I . slim I think we should go to Cuba . uncle earl now we talk ! ai not that where assata go after she kill that state trooper ? queen allegedly kill . slim we just gotta keep drive until we get to Miami and then -- queen we will be stand in front of a large body of water . how be we suppose to cross that ? slim I do not know yet . queen of course you do not . uncle earl you get a better idea ? for once she do not . she get up to leave . uncle earl ( cont 'd ) where you think you go ? queen to lay down . I be exhaust . uncle earl y'all be not go nowhere until we shave yo head . 31 queen we be not do that . uncle earl you wanna keep walk around look how you look in that video ? queen we will be fine . uncle earl no , you will not . queen you be not shave my head . uncle earl Fine . I believe woman have the right to choose - but you do not . uncle earl ( cont 'd ) naomi , use the cheap razor on he ass . tall Black girl have a name . it 's naomi . she go look for the cheap razor . int . house - bathroom - later - day 2 31 slim sit on a stool while naomi take a razor to he head . he 's piss . slim man , this be fuck up . uncle earl this what happen when you on the run from the law . Earl motion for naomi to keep shave . queen do you guy have any wig ? uncle earl I live in a house full of stripper . of course we get wig . 32 49 , int . house - goddess 's bedroom - continuous - day 2 32 there 's a row of about twenty wig . they all come in different color , length , and type . it look like a museum in there . Queen walk by they . touch a few . smell other . she 's fascinate . goddess take whatever you want . you can have some of my clothes too . queen thank you . then -- goddess can I look at you leg ? queen Nah , I be okay . goddess I take a year of nursing school . I know what I be do . Queen feel bad for judge she . queen alright . goddess help Queen take she pants off . goddess slowly pull the bandage away . Queen wince . goddess do not worry . I get you . they lock eye . goddess smile at she . Queen smile back . goddess ( cont 'd ) I do not know Earl have a niece . queen we be not close . goddess be he related to you mother or you father ? queen my mother . she and I be not close either . 50 . goddess damn , who be you close to ? she shrug . queen be you close to you family ? goddess yeah . they do not care how I make my money as long as I be happy . queen be you ? goddess sometimes . queen what make you happy ? goddess robe at fancy hotel . a good lace front . and when you uncle kiss I on my forehead . Queen be not expect that answer . goddess ( cont 'd ) what ? queen nothing . I be just surprised by the amount of love he have in he life . goddess he do not always deserve it , but he need we to worship he . out there he be not shit . but in here - he a king . Queen let 's that sink in . she marvel at goddess 's thin frame as she clean she leg with precision . in another life goddess could have be a nurse with a affordable mortgage , but in this one she occupy the fantasy of work class man who will never understand how innocent she really be . CUT to : 33 34 51 . int . house - kitchen - later - day 2 33 Queen walk into the kitchen wear a Tina Turner wig . from she early ike & Tina day . she look more regal than before . she look up and see slim lean against the stove . with he newly shave head . he look like the second lead vocalist in a r&b group from the ninety . slim you like it ? queen I do not know yet . slim you like this shit . queen shut up . CUT to : int . uncle earl 's house - live room - later that night - 2 uncle Earl be smoking a cigar while naomi watch tv . she 's watch a cable news channel and the focus be on Queen & slim . there 's talk of support for the two fugitive and the police be on they trail . she look nervous . uncle earl I know you steal my pinky ring . naomi whatever nigga . uncle earl it 's one of a kind . I design it myself . naomi do not nobody care about yo fake ass ring . uncle earl that 's you problem . you do not care about shit . naomi oh that 's my problem ? 35 52 . uncle earl yeah , that 's you problem . naomi my problem be yo ass . Earl get up and slap she with the back of he hand . she fall out of the chair and hit the floor hard . then she quickly get up and smack he face . he fling she across the room . she then throw a lamp at he head . he duck just in time and it crash into the wall . uncle earl my mama give I that lamp ! as they continue to brawl , we -- CUT to : int . uncle earl be house - bedroom - same time - night 2 35 slim and Queen lie next to each other on a cozy bed . queen you hear that ? slim yeah , it sound like somebody 's fight . Queen get up and walk over to the door . she peek out and see naomi and Earl yell at each other . slim ( cont 'd ) you want I to talk to he ? queen please do not . Queen walk back to bed . queen ( cont 'd ) he do not use to be like this . Iraq fuck he up . she lay back down . queen ( cont 'd ) I do not wanna deal with this shit . let 's leave first thing in the morning . 53. slim and Queen lie next to each other in silence . slim stare up at the ceiling . in a daze . queen ( cont 'd ) you okay ? slim yeah . queen how be that possible ? you take somebody 's life yesterday . slim I guess , I be just use to say I be okay even when I be not . queen I know the feel . slim what if God want I to die and I mess up his plan ? queen I do not think that 's what he want . slim how you know ? queen I just think you be mean to be here . a beat . slim I be make a executive decision . we be go to Cuba . queen executive decision ? what do you think this be '' mad Men '' ? slim we can not leave here tomorrow and not know where we be go . queen what about that large body of water ? 54 . slim we will figure it out . Queen have never be great at let man lead . right now , she do not have much of a choice . queen I be scared . slim that 's alright . I will be brave enough for both of we . Queen let out a sigh of relief . slim ( cont 'd ) hey , why do you uncle owe you ? queen I get he out of prison once . slim for what ? queen he kill somebody . slim damn , who would he kill ? queen my mother . slim be stunne by that answer . but he know better than to ask a follow up question . slim turn off the light and turn over . Queen 's hand find its way to he newly shave head . she rub it , gently . queen ( cont 'd ) I be rub you head for good luck . slim I do not believe in luck . I think everything be destine . just as they start to relax - there 's a loud knock on the door downstairs . CUT to : 36 55 . int . uncle earl be house - live room - night 2 36 Earl open the door to find a black police officer stand there . he be pick on as a child so now he spend all he time in the gym . uncle earl who the fuck call you ? black police officer I be just here to make sure everybody 's okay . Earl turn to look at naomi . whose face be start to bruise . uncle earl you still fuck this nigga ? naomi no ! uncle earl then why the fuck be he here ? naomi I be not call he . Earl turn to look at the Black Police Officer . black police officer a neighbor hear some commotion and get concerned . uncle earl do not worry . I take good care of my property . black police officer do you ? uncle earl oh yeah . she 's my biggest draw . the Officer look at the side of the house and see the sheriff 's truck . black police officer you get a new truck ? Earl be piss slim do not park that shit in the back . uncle earl I do not know whose truck that be . 56 . black police officer you mind if I come in ? uncle earl not without a warrant , nigga . the Officer smile . uncle earl ( cont 'd ) when you get the proper paperwork I all give you a grand tour . CUT to : 37 int . uncle earl be house - bedroom - night 2 37 slim peek out the window and see the police car . slim oh shit ! the cop be here . queen get down ! CUT to : 38 int . uncle earl be house - live room - continuous - night 38 the Police Officer take a closer look at the license plate on the truck . the kentucky license plate give he pause . black police officer I think I will come back with that warrant . uncle earl make sure they use the big font . I can not see shit . black police officer keep you hand to yourself , Earl . I do not wanna have to come back here again . uncle earl I be not want you here no way . the Officer look at the license plate on the truck . then he take a picture of it . CUT to : 39 40 57 . int . uncle earl 's house - live room - moment later - n2 39 slim and Queen run around the house frantically . they quickly change they clothes . slim put on one of Earl 's track suit . Queen squeeze into one of goddess 's dress . CUT to : ext . house - continuous - night 2 40 the truck that the black police officer just take a picture of be currently engulfed in flame . Earl stand back and watch it burn with glee . he like destroy thing . goddess hand Earl a small piece of paper . he look at it for a beat . then hand it off to Queen , along with a envelope full of cash . uncle earl take this . the piece of paper have a address write on it . uncle earl ( cont 'd ) that should cover you gas for most of the way . and the guy at that address will take care of you . his wife be not shit , but he 's cool . the address be in Florida . queen johnny shepherd ? who 's he ? uncle earl we serve together . I save he life once . he will be expect you . and he know a guy with a plane that can get you over that body of water . Queen hug Earl as if she ’1ll never hug he again . then Earl hand slim the key to he bright red cadillac . the interior be all white . it 's straight out of a blaxploitation film . slim thank you , uncle Earl . 4l 42 58 . uncle earl nigga , I be not yo uncle ! and with that slim get in the car . Queen give goddess a hug goodbye . goddess hold onto she for dear life while Earl lean down and whisper into slim 's ear . uncle earl ( cont 'd ) take care of she . then he tap the roof of the car . uncle earl ( cont 'd ) Love you , baby girl . queen Love you too . slim back out of the driveway carefully . int . cadillac - moment later - night 2 Al slim and Queen speed down a dirt road . Queen see some CD by she foot . uncle Earl be old school so he have album by : frankie beverly & maze / the ojays / GEORGE clinton . he also have album by : tupac , tru , and joe . she pick one up and stick it in the player . a old song start to blast through the speaker . she turn it down - not want to draw too much attention , but slim turn it back up . he look at she and smile . ext . OPEN road - day 3 ( dawn ) 42 slim and Queen drive through the bible belt . it 's a mix of beautiful landscape and poverty . slim it 's beautiful out here . then they see a bunch of prisoner work the land . they be in a long line . move in unison . 59 . Queen 's heart aches for the man in blue jumpsuit who mean nothing more to this country than a pair of strong hand that can do cheap manual labor . queen be it ? slim I be just tryna make conversation . queen I be just be honest . slim do you have to be honest all the time ? queen do you want I to be silent ? slim I do not say that . there 's a awkward silence . then Queen stare out the window for a bit . she take in the field , the colorful sky , and the bird chirp . he 's right . it be beautiful . but there be still some ugly part she can not ignore . Queen search through the CD and find a pleasant surprise . she shove it in and hit play . Queen climb into the backseat and lay on she back . letting the wind blow through she long flow wig . slim ( cont 'd ) what you do ? queen I be go try to get some sleep . slim have get more comfortable drive the cadillac . he drive it like he buy it with he own money . Queen 's eyelid become heavy . eventually she fall asleep . slim watch she in the rearview mirror . he 's never be more frustrated and enamor by anyone in he life . CUT to : 43 60 . ext . OPEN road - night 3 43 Queen be awaken by loud music . but it 's not come from the car stereo - it 's come from outside . there 's a club a few foot away in the middle of the wood . it look like the jook joint from the color purple . slim pull over and slow down . queen what be you do ? be you crazy ? slim I hear a band play , I want to see where it be come from . queen we need to keep go . slim I know , but I be exhaust . and you in the back knock out while I be tryna stay awake . queen Fine , I 'il drive . slim when be the last time you hear some live music ? queen I do not know . slim we be only a few hour from Florida . we get time . Queen listen to the music . then -- slim ( cont 'd ) would you have go on a second date with I ? queen no . slim damn . queen it 's not personal . I just like be alone . 61 . slim I get it . queen what be the second date gonna be ? slim I be not tell you . queen come on . do not do I like that . slim Nah , you should have say yes . queen okay , fine . i’1l go . slim it 's too late now . queen I have the right to change my mind . slim look away . queen ( cont 'd ) okay - I be officially say yes to the second date . now , where we go ? slim I be take you dance . let 's go . slim get out of the car . queen can we dance once we get to where we be go ? just to be safe . slim I be tired of play it safe . slim extend he hand to she . queen you be willing to risk get catch just so we can dance ? slim Hell yeah . Queen be not convinced . 44 62 . slim ( cont 'd ) one dance and we can leave . I promise . she refuse to budge . slim ( cont 'd ) I ' 1l buy you a drink . and with that , she grab he hand and we -- CUT to : int . juke joint - continuous - night 3 44 this place be so crowded the wall be sweat . this small establishment feel like it be build during a time when black folk still have to drink from the shitty water fountain . the lighting be pretty dim . and everyone be on the dance floor grind slow and hard to a three man band play b.b. King 's '' how Blue can you get . '' slim take Queen 's hand . startle she . slim why you so jumpy ? queen I be nervous . slim ai not nobody in here think ' bout we . she roll she eye . slim lead she to the middle of the dance floor and pull she in close . she shove he away . queen watch you hand . Queen slowly put she arm around slim 's neck . he put he arm around she waist , careful not to touch she ass . the music get louder and even more soulful as Queen and slim start to find they groove . slim look around and realize the prettiest girl in this place be in he arm . he can not help but grin from ear to ear . then he look down and see Queen have rest she head on he chest . she 's so close she can hear he heartbeat . 63 . and right now it 's beat pretty fast . so be hers . slim hold Queen a little tighter . she wipe the sweat from he brow . as the song reach a thunderous crescendo slim lean in for a kiss - catch in the moment - Queen deny he . queen ( cont 'd ) do not you owe I a drink ? slim what do you want ? queen bourbon . the expensive kind . slim make he way through the crowd . a few people look at he longer than they should . he make it to the bar and find a heavy set black woman slinging drink . she recognize slim right away . heavy set black woman hey handsome ! slim have never be refer to as handsome before . slim hi. he be out of he depth as he try to pick the right alcohol . heavy set black woman what can I get you ? slim bourbon . she grab a dusty bottle of bourbon from high on the shelf and pour two shot . slim ( cont 'd ) I do not drink . heavy set black woman maybe you should start . he look at she perplex . heavy set black woman ( cont 'd ) this be on the house . slim grab the drink , but before he can leave she touch he hand . 64 . heavy set black woman ( cont 'd ) do not worry . you be safe here . they share a head nod . then slim quickly grab the drink and go to find Queen . slim the bartender recognize I . queen oh shit . we gotta go . slim look around and see nothing but friendly and supportive face . Queen drink the shot . slim drink he too . it burn the fuck out of he throat . Queen pat he chest and pull he in close . slim I think we good . queen I do not know . slim trust I . she look he deep in the eye and allow herself to let go . the band play a slower song . it 's romantic yet rough . Queen and slim sway back and forth . holding each other tight . bury they face in each other 's shoulder . some of the crowd back away . watch they . admire they . rooting for they . pray for they . this look like the first dance at a small wedding . Queen and slim look like a happy couple with they whole life ahead of they . as the song come to a close the crowd applaud the band . then -- queen we should go . CUT to : 65 . 45 int . car - night 3 45 Queen have she bare foot up on the dashboard . slim give she the side eye . slim you lucky you get cute foot . queen even if they be not they have still be sit right here . slim Nah , I would have stop and get you some gym sock or something . queen that 's mess up . slim honestly , I do not think dude even care about woman 's foot until Eddie Murphy make it a thing . queen I know . but the difference be he can be picky about a woman 's foot . the rest of y’all need to be happy somebody 's even lay next to yo ass . she can see slim be fall asleep at the wheel again . queen ( cont 'd ) you need I to drive ? slim Nah , I get it . queen no , you do not . slim I be good . queen explain something to I . why do dude not like ask for help ? slim it 's a sign of weakness . 66 . queen that 's the dumbest shit I have ever hear . slim you say that but then turn around and want a strong mandingo type muthafucka . queen I do not want that . slim what do you want ? queen that 's a load question . slim we be not get nothing but time . Queen lean back in she seat . she 's so far back she 's practically lie down . like she be at a therapy session . queen I want a guy to show I myself . slim glance at she . her leg be on full display . queen ( cont 'd ) I want he to love I so deeply I be not afraid to show he how ugly I can be . I want he to show I scar I never know I have . but I do not want he to make they go away - I want he to hold my hand while I nurse they myself - and then I want he to cherish the bruise they leave behind . slim damn , no wonder you still single . that 's a lot of shit . she can not help but crack a smile . queen maybe it be . slim but you deserve that . 67 . queen I do not think we deserve anything in this life . we get what we work for . that 's it . she watch he drive . drink he in . queen ( cont 'd ) what do you want ? he breathes deep . slim I want somebody that 's ride or die . queen oh God . what do that even mean ? slim I just want somebody that 's always go love I . no matter what . I want someone that 's go hold my hand and never let it go . he look over at Queen . they lock eye . she want to look away , but can not . she 's never hear someone describe love in such simple term . slim ( cont 'd ) she gotta be special though - cause she go be my legacy . queen what do you mean ? slim look , I be not go bend the world . as long as my lady remember I fondly . that 's all I need . as Queen let that sink in , we -- CUT to : b46 ext . STREET - later b46 slim pull into a gas station . CUT to : 46 47 68 . int . gas station - bathroom - day 4 46 Queen try not to touch anything while wash up in a disgusting bathroom . she look in the mirror for a long beat . wonder how she get here . wonder what the future hold . Queen look around the bathroom and realize she 's all alone in the world . then - knock knock . slim ( 0.s. ) you okay in there ? for the first time in she life a man 's voice reassure she that she 's not alone . the sound of slim 's voice remind she there 's a chance everything will be okay . queen yeah , I be good . CUT to : ext . gas station - bathroom - continuous - day 4 47 slim lean against the wall outside the bathroom door . he watch people as they walk by . he wonder if they recognize he . he wonder if they be go to turn he in . then he spot a little black girl walk with she mother . the Little girl lock eye with slim . she give he the stink eye for stare at she . then she laugh at he . as if to taunt he for lose a stare competition he never know he be a part of . the Little girl 's sassy demeanor remind he of Queen . this bring a smile to he face . as he stand there in a daze - Queen burst out of the bathroom . almost as if she 's reborn . they look at each other . both smitten . unsure of what the future hold . then - Queen extend she hand to he . queen come on . 48 69 . slim you wash you hand ? she grab he hand with glee and they both rush to get back in the car . int . car - later - day 4 48 Queen be drive now . slim rub he bald head . slim skinny luther or fat luther ? queen uh , skinny luther . slim ah fuck . queen what ? slim I do not trust people that like skinny luther . queen skinny luther be dope . he have a lot more energy . he sing better . and he clothes fit . slim you crazy as hell . fat luther be the shit . who else you know can pull off a jheri curl and a three piece suit at the same damn time ? she 's quiet . slim ( cont 'd ) right , nobody . as she continue to drive she see a few horse graze the land . she immediately pull over . slim ( cont 'd ) what you do ? I think you say no more stop . queen I change my mind . 49 70 . slim you can not change you mind . we gotta go . she put she hand on he thigh . queen relax . he do . she slowly get out of the car . ext . field - moment later - day 4 49 Queen walk up to the horse . judge by she demeanor she 's more comfortable around animal than she be people . she go up to one and take the horse 's nose in she hand . she become one with this beautiful live creature . slim you crazy ? what if it get scared and kick you in the face ? queen they be not wild . Queen take he hand and force he to pet the horse . the horse be calm and so be slim . it 's quiet all around they . slim how you know so much about horse ? queen my uncle use to take I horseback riding when I be a kid . slim really ? queen I tell you he do not use to always be like that . Queen walk over to the other horse and look in its eye . queen ( cont 'd ) he tell I nothing scare a white man more than see a black man on a horse . 71 . slim why ? queen because they have to look up at he . slim I have never be on a horse . queen you should try it sometime . Queen start walk back to the car . slim do not follow she . slim maybe I should do it right now . queen you can do it when we have more time . i’1l take you . slim when ? queen I do not know . slim what if we do not make it ? the weight of he question render they both speechless . queen we will . slim you do not know that . he 's right . she do not . slim ( cont 'd ) help I get on the horse . Queen walk over to he . slim ( cont 'd ) which one be the calmest ? Queen choose the one that 's still graze . she hold slim 's hand and help hoist he up onto the horse . 50 51 72 . the horse buck at first . then Queen whisper to the horse and eventually the stallion calm down . slim be nervous at first , but eventually he relax . after a moment slim 's posture shift . he puff out he chest and look out into the world like the king he be . Queen look up at he . they hold each other 's gaze for a long beat . queen it 's nice be not it ? slim yeah . then - man' voice ( 0.s. ) hey ! the horse buck again . but only this time Queen can not calm he down . the horse knock slim off he back . slim hit the ground hard . get the wind knock out of he . Queen help he up and they run to the cadillac . they hop in the car and speed off ! int . car - later that afternoon - day 4 50 as the sun start to set , the cadillac start to smoke . the smoke be come from underneath the car . slim pull over . ext . side of the road - continuous - day 4 51 slim be under the car . it 's smoking like crazy . Queen stand over he . freaking out . queen I think there 's a body shop up the road . slim really far up the road . Queen walk to the back of the car and assume the position . 52 73. queen then we should start push . slim give in and they both start push the car up the road . they try to hurry while they still have light . CUT to : ext . gas station - garage - 45 minute later - day 4 52 slim and Queen be spend . a older black man chew tobacco and blink at they . older black man you transmission 's fuck . slim that do not sound good . older black man I can have it back to you tomorrow for about two grand . slim two grand ? queen we need it back today . older black man y'all in a rush ? he look at they suspiciously . queen yeah , we be on we way to visit family . older black man why y’all in a rush to do that ? he let out a hearty laugh and then spit tobacco juice ina cup . older black man ( cont 'd ) I can try to get it back to you tonight but that will cost you a little mo . slim how much mo ? 74 . older black man another five hundred . slim pull Queen to the side . queen that 's all of we money . slim then fuck it - let 's just hop on a bus or something . queen that 's too risky . slim you wanna give he all we money ? queen we need to get the car fix . then -- older black man ( 0.s. ) yo , we do this or not ? Queen walk over and hand he the envelope full of cash . queen here . this be all we have . slim we just need the car fix as soon as possible . older black man I will move as fast as I can . slim look up and see the mechanic 's office . he clock a rotary phone sit on he desk . slim can I use you bathroom ? older black man yeah , it 's right through there . Queen sit on a bench . arm fold . look at the clock . CUT to : 53 54 75 . int . older black man 's office - continuous - day 4 53 slim sit in the bathroom hold the rotary phone on he lap . he take a deep breath . then he dial . slowly . we hear the phone ring . man 's voice hello . slim dad ? man 's voice be you okay , boy ? slim yeah , I be fine . man 's voice this be not like you . slim I know . then -- slim ( cont 'd ) I just want you to know I be okay . and that I love you . man 's voice I love you too , son . slim we be tryna get to -- his father hang up . slim look at the phone . wonder what happen . CUT to : int . slim' childhood home - continuous - day 4 54 we see a police officer be listen to they conversation . slim' mother , a dignify woman who never leave the house without makeup on , sit next to she husband - defiantly . police officer why the fuck would you do that ?! the Police Officer snatch the phone from slim 's Father . 76 . slim' father get outta my house . police officer you be under arrest for help a fugitive . slim' father do what you gotta do . police officer we be go to find they . slim' father not with my help . CUT to : 55 int . garage - continuous - day 4 55 the older Black man fix the transmission while slim and Queen wait impatiently . older black man y'all be make I nervous . why do not y’all go take a walk or something ? queen we be not leave you alone with this car . older black man ai not nobody tryna steal you car . queen well I just wanna make sure . older black man you get bigger problem than I . slim so you know who we be ? older black man I be old not blind . slim then why be not you give we a discount ? 77 . older black man Cause unlike the rest of this simple ass niggas I do not approve of what y’all do . queen we do not do it on purpose . older black man it do not matter if it be on purpose or not . you give they a license to kill we . queen that cop shot at I . older black man you give ‘em a excuse . queen you be not there . older black man no , I be not . but if I be I would have take the ticket and be on my way . queen can you work more and talk less ? older black man I could work faster if y’all leave I the fuck alone . queen I be not leave this car . older black man what if I give you some insurance ? queen I do not want no house key or no driver license cause all that can be replace . the older mechanic walk to the garage door and knock on it . after a beat a skinny brown kid no more than seventeen lift it up . the young man look like Barack Obama long before he fall in love with Michelle . he wear a dirty T-shirt and skinny jeans . skinny brown kid yes , sir ? 56 78. older black man you wanna take this nice folk on a walk ? one look at Queen and slim and he light up like a Christmas tree . he obviously do not share he father 's view about they . skinny brown kid yeah ! then - skinny brown kid ( cont 'd ) yes , sir . older black man I need some time to fix they car . keep ‘em occupy until then . skinny brown kid yes , sir . slim walk over and shake the young man 's hand . slim I be - skinny brown kid I know who you be . it 's a honor to meet you . slim what 's you name ? skinny brown kid everybody call I junior . his father beam with pride . then junior take Queen 's hand and kiss it , sweetly . ext . dirt road - afternoon - day 4 56 Queen and slim walk hand in hand . junior lead the way . slim where be everybody ? junior there 's nothing to do around here . people just go to work and go home . 79 . slim I know the feel . junior I can not believe y’all be here . I be just watch you on tv and now you be right here next to I . shit be crazy . slim remember what it be like to be junior 's age . when the weight of the world be not on he shoulder and everything be exciting . junior ( cont 'd ) I hope y’all make it . without know it junior remind they they day could be numbered - and every breath should be cherish . slim I too . junior even if y’all do not it 's 1ll be okay . queen how so ? junior Cause then you 's 1ll be immortal . slim walk quietly - digest the think . slim I like that . Queen take a deep breath . drink in she simple surroundings . appreciate the quiet . for once . then -- queen I would rather live . they finally arrive at junior 's secret spot . it 's a small hill with a perfect view of the sunset . Queen , slim , and junior sit on the grass and marvel at the sun as it prepare to say goodnight . Queen look at the purple and orange sky - then she look at slim . he 's so serene . he 's make peace with whatever the outcome will be . junior look up to he . literally and figuratively . and for the first time in she life - she see god. 57 58 80 . CUT to : int . garage - later that night - night 4 57 Queen and slim get back in they newly repair cadillac . she turn on the car and it hum like it just come off the factory line . slim yo , junior . can you take we picture ? junior yeah . queen I do not think that 's a good idea . slim come on , I want proof we be here . this be proof slim remember everything . she like that he 's use she own logic against she . she give in . and they both look at junior - ready to be capture . Queen have she hand on the wheel . her tone arm on full display . slim lean forward . he do not look at the camera - he look at she as if she be he bride to be . Queen stare directly into the lens , the look in she eye be the perfect combination of fear and pride . we linger on they long enough to realize they be no longer the people we meet at the diner . CUT to : int . car - night 4 58 Queen be drive . deep in think . slim be fast asleep . they drive by a sign that read welcome to georgia . Queen stare at it for a long beat . it bring back a unwanted memory . she make a impulsive turn . jolting slim awake . 59 81 . slim yo . she 's on a mission . queen do you mind if we make a detour ? slim I do actually . Queen do not care and make a hard leave turn . she drive down a wind road . tear in she eye . slim ( cont 'd ) you okay ? queen not really . he sit up and wipe the sleep out of he eye . slim can tell she need to be hold in this moment , but he do not know if that 's permit . he reach out and touch the small of she back . she allow it . his hand be bigger than she realize . he rub she back softly at first - then he apply more pressure to help she relax and to make sure she feel he presence in a way she have not before . her heart be beat so fast he can feel she body pulse . his heartbeat sync up with hers . they be connect . CUT to : ext . cemetery - moment later - dawn 59 Queen stare at a tombstone . etta johnson - beloved mother and daughter . slim stand a few foot behind she . Far enough to give she space . but close enough to let she know she 's not alone . queen we be close when I be young , but when I get older I feel like I do not know she anymore . she do not know I either . we could go month without talk . and when we do - I hate it . I have nothing to say to she . ( more ) 60 82. queen ( cont 'd ) she want a connection so badly , but I just do not care . I do not need she anymore . she turn to look at slim . search for judgement in he eye . there be none . queen ( cont 'd ) I use to call she the great pretender . slim why ? queen she be really good at act like everything be okay . Queen extend she hand to slim . he take it and move in closer . she kneel down and pull up a few weed crowd she mother 's rest place - all the while still hold onto slim 's hand . Queen kiss she palm and touch the cold tombstone . this be what closure look like . she let go of slim 's hand and make she way back to the car . slim hang back . he stare at she mother 's grave a little longer . int . car - hour later - day 5 60 Queen and slim sit in a park car . slim be in the driver 's seat . Queen be in the passenger seat . queen my grandma leave the house to both of they . my mom want to sell it . my uncle want to live in it . typical family bullshit . slim yeah . queen one night they be at the house fight , he be really fuck up , and he push she down a flight of stair . she crack she skull . ( more ) 61 83. queen ( cont 'd ) she ble out so quick that by the time the ambulance get there she be already dead . slim hang he head . unsure of what to say . queen ( cont 'd ) I have just pass the bar . I be excited to try my first case . I never think that would be it . slim how could you defend the person that kill you own mother ? queen I know it be a accident . slim do it ever piss you off that he 's alive and she be not ? queen all the time . Queen turn on the radio . we hear a journalist on the radio report on a nationwide peaceful rally in progress . radio personality people be in support of the two fugitive accuse of kill a police officer in cold blood . slim and Queen be not really listen to the radio . it 's just background noise to they . then slim take Queen 's face in he reliable hand and kiss she . it 's so pure and innocent - it 's unclear if sex will follow . but then he pull she in close and kiss she again . the second kiss be anything , but innocent . it 's the perfect combination of lust and melancholy . slim pull Queen on top of he . Rather than enter she right away - he lift she up to he face - she hand press up against the ceiling while he devour she . CUT to : ext . STREET - same time - day 5 61 we be follow junior walk down the street with purpose . 62 63 64 84 . we watch as he walk up on a protest . the same one the journalist speak of on the radio . he join - a sea of black and brown body be marching in protest . they be full of pride and venom . they hold up sign in support of Queen and slim . they chant and walk proudly . the protestor be surround by police officer . the officer be dress in swat gear . ready for war . the officer form a line . the protestor form a line opposite they . the Police stand completely still like statue of oppression in the South . the protestor be vibrant not violent . CUT to : int . car - continuous - day 5 62 slim pull Queen 's hair back and bite she neck . he follow each bite with a kiss . Queen recline the driver seat as far back as it will go and kiss slim deeply . as they continue to have sex , we -- CUT to : ext . STREET - same time - day 5 63 a police officer throws tear gas into the crowd . protester cover they face with t-shirt and hoodies . some protestor run for they life while other run toward the Police . the Police officer start beat protestor with baton and chase after they while on horseback . CUT to : int . car - continuous - day 5 64 Queen be now grip onto the steering wheel . hand and arm sweat . slim grip she waist and pull she back and forth . 65 85 . window fogge . both gasp for air . CUT to : ext . STREET - same time - day 5 65 junior stand in front of the crowd . he look like a young eldridge cleaver . a black police officer stop he from go any further . the Officer be dress in bullet proof gear from head to toe . junior be only wear a hoodie and sweatpant to protect he . it 's David and goliath all over again . black police officer if you do not vacate the premise I be gonna have to arrest you , son . junior I be not you son . black police officer what 's you name , young man ? junior I do not have to tell you that . black police officer I do not want to hurt you . trust I . but it 's my job to clear the street . which mean you can not be here . junior I have a right to protest . black police officer I understand that , but you do not have a permit . so that mean you be break the law . junior what you go do , kill I ? black police officer no , but I will arrest you . the Police Officer lift up the bulletproof shield on he helmet - so there 's one less barrier between they . black police officer ( cont 'd ) I be begging you . go home . 66 67 68 69 70 86 . the Police Officer grab junior by he arm -- in a attempt to calm he down . but he wrestle free . junior pull out a SMALL hand gun . he aim it at the only part of the Officer 's body that 's not cover . he shoot he in the face . cause the Officer 's head to explode in he helmet . CUT to : int . car - same time - day 5 66 slim thrust he pelvis against Queen 's again and again until she finally throw she head back and scream with pleasure . CUT to : ext . STREET - same time - day 5 67 junior watch the Police Officer fall to the ground in front of he . he have succeed in kill a giant that mean he no harm , but he feel justified just the same . a sea of swat member descend on junior and tackle he to the ground . his future be uncertain . CUT to : int . car - continuous - day 5 68 Queen and slim lay intertwined in the backseat . nake . spent. sweaty . completely unaware the world be burn around they . int . car - later - day 5 69 they drive along a wind road . they be quiet and serene . slim reach for Queen 's hand while she drive . she take he hand and do not let it go . ext . house - in georgia - later that day - day 5 70 slim ring the doorbell of a very middle class home . the grass be pristine . the window be sparkling . a american flag blow in the wind . 87 . it 's safe to assume a soldier that come home with a purple heart on he chest and a wounded heart behind it - life here . the door open . johnny shepherd be stand there . he be that soldier . and he have the scar to prove it . mr . shepherd we have be expect you . before they walk in slim notice a nosey neighbor peek out the window . CUT to : 71 int . shepherd home - live room - moment later 71 the shepherd sit on a couch across from Queen and slim . mrs . shepherd be a college educate with view more conservative than she have like to admit . Mr. shepherd have just give they a devastating update . slim what do you mean they kill he ? mrs . shepherd he shot a police officer in the face . slim be shake to he core . slim we be just with he . mr . shepherd you know the boy ? queen we spend some time with he . mrs . shepherd do you order he to do it ? slim stand up . he want to strangle she . slim be you crazy ? Queen grab he arm and try to calm he down . 88. queen we would never do that . mrs . shepherd this kid think it 's okay to kill cop because of you . slim who make cop think it be okay to kill we ? queen we do not want this . mrs . shepherd ( to she husband ) there 's a war go on out there and you have welcome it into we home . mr . shepherd they do not start it . she cut she eye at he husband . mrs . shepherd I want they go by morning . slim we can leave right now . slim stand up . slim ( cont 'd ) let 's go . this time Queen do as she 's tell . the role have reverse . as they start for the door . mr . shepherd do not let you pride get you kill . slim I be not stay here . mr . shepherd I get secret hide spot all over this place . even if the cop come here - they will not be able to find you . he think for a beat . 72 89 . queen thank you . then -- mr . shepherd y’all hungry ? queen starve . CUT to : int . shepherd home - dine room - moment later - night 572 the four sit at a old dining room table . this be the most unusual double date we have ever see . but the room be peaceful . the spread be something straight out of the 1950s . a protein . a veggie . and mashed potato . the only beverage available to drink be milk . Whole milk . mrs . shepherd there 's a bounty on you head . slim how much be we worth ? mrs . shepherd two fifty . slim total ? mrs . shepherd each . queen that be not much . mrs . shepherd that could pay off we mortgage . queen you go turn we in ? mr . shepherd no . Queen cut she eye at Mrs. shepherd . mr . shepherd ( cont 'd ) Earl tell I you need a plane . 90 . slim yeah . mr . shepherd I know a guy . I already give hima call . Mr. shepherd get up from the table and grab a notepad . he write down a address and hand it to Queen . mr . shepherd ( cont 'd ) tell he I send you . Queen slip it in she pocket . mrs . shepherd we should eat before it get cold . everyone grab hand and bow they head . mr . shepherd I ' 1l lead we in a prayer . queen May I do it ? mr . shepherd of course . Queen take a deep breath . she 's never do this before . queen I would like to start by thanking God for the breath in my lung . and the breath in the lung of everyone at this table . I be grateful we have a place to sleep tonight and food to put in we belly . thank you for bring we this far . thank you for this journey . no matter how it end . slim amen . mr. shepherd mrs . shepherd amen . amen . everyone start to eat . Queen look up at slim and notice for the first time he 's not shoveling food into he mouth . he 's not chew like a cow . he 's take he time and savore every bite . this be a change he be not aware of , but she be . Queen stare at he for a long beat and smile . 73 91 . then a aggressive voice coming from outside interrupt they peaceful dinner . voice ( 0.s. ) the house be surround . come out with you hand up . Mrs . shepherd look like she 's about to piss herself . Mr. shepherd be no stranger to this type of situation . he be calm and collect . mr . shepherd okay , I want you two to run upstairs and go into the yellow bedroom on the leave . hide under the bed . queen they will find we there . mr . shepherd there be loose panel under the bed . hide under there and do not make a sound . queen okay . mr . shepherd go. now ! Queen and slim run upstairs in search of the yellow bedroom . while Mr. shepherd quickly get rid of Queen and slim 's plate to make it look like there be only two people break bread instead of four . voice ( 0.s. ) you have three second to come out or we be come in ! Mr. shepherd grab he wife 's tremble hand and walk she to the front door . CUT to : ext . shepherd home - front porch - night 5 73 Mr. & Mrs. shepherd walk outside slowly with they hand raise . the swat leader immediately start search they both . Mrs. shepherd dissolves into tear . Mr. shepherd be stoic . 74 75 92 . mr. shepherd do you have a warrant ?! he hold one up . mr . shepherd ( cont 'd ) I want to read that . swat leader take all the time you need . Mr. shepherd read the warrant carefully . it 's legit . he nod at the police . then with the flick of a finger the swat leader command he team to enter the house . CUT to : int . house - upstair hallway - second later - night 5 74 they swarm the house like bee . tearing it apart . they break antique and damage the wood floor . CUT to : int . house - bedroom - same time - night 5 75 Queen and slim make they way to the master bedroom . they try to lift up the panel under the bed . some of they lift easily while other be stick and will not budge . slim start to sweat bullet . Queen do she best to loosen they up as fast as she can . they move quickly - but they be not fast enough . determined footstep make they way into the bedroom . the bedroom door swing OPEN . silence . we follow the feet look in the closet and then out the window to see if they jump . then we pan up to reveal the foot belong to the swat leader that shove a warrant in Mr. shepherd 's face . he stare at the bed and grin . then he lift it up with one quick swoop , and -- nothing . they be not there . swat leader fuck ! he let go of the bed and it crash against the floor . 76 77 78 93. int . house - bedroom - underneath the floor - same time - ns Queen and slim lay close together . shake . try not to breathe . ext . house - front lawn - later - night 5 77 the Police be load the bright red cadillac that Queen and slim have call home - for most of they journey - onto a tow truck . it 's evidence now . the shepherd be handcuff and sit in the back seat of a swat truck . the swat leader from before look down at they . swat leader if you tell I where they be go we can let you go and you can enjoy the rest of you evening . Mrs. shepherd look at she husband . mr . shepherd we do not know where they be go . he kneel down and get in Mrs. shepherd 's face . swat leader how bout you ? you look a lot smarter than you husband . as we linger on she face , we -- CUT to : int . house - bedroom - underneath the floor - hour later - 78 day 6 Queen and slim be half asleep . she turn to he . queen we have to leave at some point . slim I be not tryna walk into a ambush . queen I hear car leave hour ago . slim I be sure they leave some folk behind to keep a eye on the house . 79 94 , queen you can stay and die of starvation if you want to - but I be get the fuck outta here . Queen lift the panel up one by one . they both take in the fresh air . they roll from up under the bed . int . / ext . shepherd home - bedroom / backyard - day 6 79 Queen walk over to the window that face the back of the house . all that 's back there be a garage and a small backyard . Queen lift up the window and look down . it 's low enough so they can not kill themselves , but high enough that they could break a leg if they land wrong . queen we gotta jump . slim look out . slim it 's too high . queen all you have to do be bend you knee as soon as you hit the ground . Bend and roll . slim this be not no damn fire drill . Queen climb onto the window seal , take a deep breath , and jump out of the window . but she do not take she own advice and forget to bend she knee . she hit the ground hard and land flat on she back knock the wind out of she body and she left shoulder out of its socket . Queen grab she arm and rock back and forth try not to scream . she 's in excruciate pain . slim ( cont 'd ) fuck ! see Queen in pain be the push he need . he walk back a few foot and run toward the window leaping to the ground . he follow Queen 's instruction and land perfectly . Rather than rejoice he rush over to Queen 's aid and pull she into the garage . 80 81 95 . int . garage - continuous - day 6 80 Queen be in so much pain she can not speak . slim okay , I know how to do this . but you have to promise not to scream . can you do that ? she shake she head no . slim ( cont 'd ) I believe in you . she continue to shake she head and back away from he . slim ( cont 'd ) I think there be cop out front and if they hear you - it 's over . we be do . I know how strong you be . that word give she the strength she need . queen give I you shirt . he take it off and ball it up . she stuff it in she mouth and give he a nod to let he know she 's ready . slim grab she elbow with one hand and grasp she neck with the other . slim 1 ... 2 .. then yank ! she scream but it 's muffle by he shirt . CUT to : ext . front of the house - same time - day 6 81 two police officer be stand guard out front . Police Officer 1 , be out of shape and always in a good mood . Police Officer 2 , be too intense for he own good . Police Officer 1 hear Queen 's muffle groan . police officer 1 do you hear that ? police officer 2 hear what ? 82 police officer 1 it sound like somebody 's cry . police officer 2 no , it 's just nature . you city boy be not use to that shit . police officer 1 do not refer to I as a boy . police officer 2 you know what I mean . police officer 1 look , I know the difference between a person and a animal . police officer 2 then go walk around . police officer 1 man , watch how you talk to I . police officer 2 touchy touchy . Police Officer 1 start to walk around the property . CUT to : int . garage - same time - day 6 Queen rub she shoulder - still in pain . while slim search for a key to the station wagon park in the garage . slim help I find a screwdriver . they both start search . queen you know how to jumpstart a car ? slim I use to . my older brother teach I one summer . queen I do not know you have a brother . slim yup . 83 84 97 . they lock eye for a second - realize there 's so much about each other they may never know . then Queen find a old toolbox . slim dig through it . slim ( cont 'd ) the only car we ever jump start be my dad 's . he use to take he key with he everywhere he go . he know better than to leave that acura around we . queen I see why . slim finally find what he 's look for and hop in the driver 's seat . Queen get in the passenger . this be a far cry from uncle Earl 's fly caddy . but they 's 1l take what they can get . slim try to convince the ignition the screwdriver be a key but it do not work . slim dammit . he take it out and try again . nothing . CUT to : ext . side of the house - same time - day 6 83 Police Officer 1 walk around , look to see if anyone 's there . he see the garage . but do not hear anything . he cock he gun , and walk over to the garage . CUT to : int . garage - same time - day 6 84 Queen dig through the toolbox again and find a smaller screwdriver and give he that . slim put that in the ignition and it work . the engine be louder than they think it would be . slim now how we suppose to get outta here ? before she can answer . 85 86 98. police officer 1 lift up the garage door . they turn to look at he . they be catch . the Police Officer look around and realize he colleague be out front - chat with each other . he look back at Queen and slim and see two face that remind he of he own . he remember why he become a cop . to help people . and at the moment , no one need he help more than the two people in front of he . they have a stare contest for about three second . then he take a few step back and give they room to back up . slim put the car in reverse and move the car back slowly . Queen sink low into she seat . Police Officer 1 nod he head as a way to say , '' go head '' . they pull off and drive onto a seclude side street . and just like that they be on the road again . Police Officer 1 watch they go . confident in he decision . he walk back around to the front of the house . int . front of the house - continuous - day 6 85 police officer 2 what be it ? police officer 1 a couple deer get catch in some branch . I set ‘em free . police officer 2 told you . as Police Officer 1 grin , we -- CUT to : int . station wagon - hour later - day 6 86 they be almost in Miami . 99 . Queen stick she head out the window and let the wind hit she face . for the first time in she life she feel completely free . no fear . slim what you do ? she do not respond . Queen unbuckle she seatbelt and hoist herself up onto the window sill and lean on the roof of the car . slim ( cont 'd ) be you crazy ?! get back in the car ! she look up at the sky . the star seem bigger to she . Queen take a deep breath - then get back in she seat . slim ( cont 'd ) be you tryna get catch ? queen no , I just always want to do that . slim well , do not do it while I be drive . queen you should try it . slim Nah , I be good . queen pull over . slim no . she grab the steering wheel and yank it to the leave . they almost crash into another car . slim ( cont 'd ) if I do it will you please let I drive the rest of the way in peace ? queen swear to God . slim swear on something you believe in . 87 88 100 . queen okay fine , I 'il swear on you . and just like that a wave of freedom wash over slim . she kiss he . as he pull over , we -- CUT to : int . station wagon - moment later - day 6 87 Queen grip the steering wheel while slim try to hoist himself up and out of the car window . he 's not as graceful as she be . he finally get up there and try to hold onto the roof of the car , but he hand be sweaty so he lose he grip and fall back - with he arm flail in the air . queen oh shit ! before he fly out of the car he grab a hold of the rearview mirror and regains he balance . slim fuck this , I be come back in . queen no , you get it . you be good . i’1l drive slow . she slow down a bit and slim finally get a firm hold of the roof . Queen pick up a little speed and slim get a whiff of the freedom she just get . slim do not know if he 'il ever feel this free again - so he cherish the moment . CUT to : int . station wagon - night 6 88 Queen and slim be park in a empty field - somewhere in Miami . it look like a abandon plantation . queen be you sure this be the address ? 101 . slim get out of the car and look around . there 's no sign of human life anywhere . queen ( cont 'd ) will you please just get back in the car before you get shot . slim ai not nobody out here . slim get back in the car . they be both exhaust from drive all day . slim ( cont 'd ) I be hope we would pull up toa house so we could get some sleep . queen well , there be not one . slim I can see that . queen they be gonna find we . slim no they be not . Queen shake she head . slim ( cont 'd ) how about you get in the back and get some sleep and I 'il sit up here and make sure nobody kill we . she get out of the car and climb in the back . the backseat be practically a bed anyway . slim take off he jacket and place it behind she head from the front seat . Queen curl up in a ball and close she eye . slim stare off into the night . while he look up at the star , he hear -- queen I can not sleep . slim you want I to turn on the radio ? queen no . I want you to tell I a story . he turn to look at she . confused and annoyed . slim what kind of story ? queen any story . I do not care . he fidget with he hand as he begin to speak . slim when I be little I ask my mom where baby come from . she say I be too young to know . so I go ask my dad . he say baby be the product of two people that need something from each other . I do not know what that mean . so I say -- need what ? he say maybe they need to feel see . maybe they need to feel love . maybe they need to feel human . queen and then what ? slim then I ask my grandmother and she say -- baby come from God . they're his way of make sure no one ever really die . I remember she say '' through we child we be reborn . '' Queen smile . slim ( cont 'd ) then I go to my older brother and ask he and he say , nobody know . you be just bear . that 's it . now leave I alone . slim chuckle at the memory . slim ( cont 'd ) I be not satisfied with that answer either , but I have run out of family member to ask - so he get the last word . queen so whose right ? 102 . tear well up in slim 's eye . he wonder if he will ever see they again . 89 103 . slim none of ‘em . Babies come from fuck . plain and simple . they both chuckle . then Queen 's eyelid become heavy . she eventually close she eye and fall asleep . slim stare at she . grinning . watch she sleep have quickly become one of he favorite pastime . after a moment he find it hard to keep he eye open as well . soon - they be both fast asleep . in a station wagon . in the middle of a field . somewhere in Florida . CUT to : int . station wagon - day 7 ( dawn ) 89 slim be in a deep sleep . mouth open . head tilt . then we hear - click clack . slim jolt awake . there 's a rifle aim at slim 's face . once he brain compute what 's happen he scoot over into the driver seat - this cause Queen to wake up too . queen what 's go on ? she look at the man hold the rifle . he 's a black man with a scruffy beard and inquisitive eye . he 's wear a oversize white t-shirt and he tooth be cover in 14 karat gold grillz . Queen and slim be not sure if they should feel anxious or at ease . black man why y’all act all scared and shit ? slim Cause you point a gun at my face ? he joyfully swing it over he shoulder . black man oh I be just fuck wit you , playa . 104 . he open the door on the driver 's side . slim get out , cautiously . slim you know the shepherd ? black man Hell yeah . queen they be suppose to call you . black man y'all the one that kill the cop , right ? slim do not want to confess to this . black man ( cont 'd ) I get you . follow I . he walk pretty fast . Queen and slim trail behind he . then -- slim how do you know the shepherd ? black man from way back . slim how long ? black man man , I do not know - why you give I the third degree . I be just tryna help you . Queen and slim try to keep up with he . queen they say you have a plane . black man they lie about that . slim stop he track . Queen and the thin Black guy stop too . slim if you do not have a plane we not go with you . black man look man , I be not get that kind of money . but I get a friend that do . ( more ) 105 . black man ( cont 'd ) he a baller . he can get whatever you want . when we get to my trailer imma call he . queen why can not you call he right now ? black man Cause I be not get my phone on I . Queen look skeptical . black man ( cont 'd ) look , y’all can either roll with I or stand here like some dummy and wait for the police to come get you . CUT to : 90 int . trailer - moment later - day 7 90 Queen and slim sit in the Black man 's tiny trailer . he 's smoking a blunt while he wrap up he call . black man aight - he go have the plane ready to go first thing tomorrow morning . slim we can not wait until tomorrow . we gotta go now . black man damn , y’all some bossy muthafuckas . slim call he back . slim grab the cordless phone and hand it to he . black man ( on the phone ) sorry bro , they trippin . they say they gotta go today , nigga . that 's what I tell ‘em . aight . Bet . he look at Queen and slim and shrug he shoulder . then he hang up . black man ( cont 'd ) he say meet he in a hour . 106 . slim okay cool . slim and Queen settle in . black man what the fuck be y’all do ? it 's a hour away - we gotta go . CUT to : int . truck - moment later - day 7 91 Queen and slim sit in the backseat hold hand while the bearded Black man drive . he roll another blunt while he drive . he 's great at multitask . black man y'all wanna hit this shit ? slim I do not smoke . black man Word ? black man ( cont 'd ) what about you , sis ? queen I be good . black man shit , if I be y’all I would be smoking like a muthafucka . he light the blunt and bring it to he lip and blow out a large cloud of smoke . black man ( cont 'd ) that 's why I smoke all the time . shit , I be paranoid as fuck . I always think somebody tryna kill I . queen who ? black man Police . niggas . everybody . queen that 's no way to live . 107 . black man what you go do ? that stick to slim 's rib . slim yeah . black man I be glad I meet y’all , though . he reach out he hand for slim to grab . they quickly dap each other up . slim so be we , man . black man y'all really give niggas something to believe in . this bring a proud grin to slim 's face . black man ( cont 'd ) we need that . for real . Queen reach forward and grab the blunt out of the bearded Black man 's hand . she take a huge hit . as she blow it out -- black man ( cont 'd ) I know you want to hit that shit . they all laugh . black man ( cont 'd ) live yo life , sis ! then she pass it to slim . nudging he to do it . he wave she away at first . queen come on . for I . that do it . slim take the blunt and hit it a little too hard . they both laugh at he . then the bearded Black man look out the window and see a small plane up ahead . black man there that nigga go . 92 108 . ext . plane - day 7 92 it 's the kind of plane famous people get on to die . he pull up along side it . Queen and slim hop out . they both shake he hand with gratitude . black man power to the muthafuck people . Queen grab slim 's hand and they both start walk toward the plane . it 's be a long road to this point . they be ready to leave it all behind . then -- they can hear helicopter float above they . they both look up . fuck ! they turn around to find five squad car line up . two cop step out of each vehicle . gun drawn . the bearded Black man with the kind eye be a juda after all . one of the Police officer get on the bullhorn . police officer get on the ground now ! put you hand behind you head . Queen and slim look at each other . never let go of each other 's hand . police officer ( cont 'd ) get on the ground now ! queen there 's no get out of this , be there ? slim say '' no '' with he eye . Queen look up at the sky - and somehow manage to muster a smile . queen ( cont 'd ) well . I be not let go of you hand . slim if I have the chance I would have kiss all you scar . 109 . queen I know you would have . Queen look at he with tear in she eye . queen ( cont 'd ) can I be you legacy ? slim you already -- boom ! a bullet - travel faster than the speed of light - pierce through Queen 's chest . cause she body to drop . and just like that ... a complex beauty with beautiful brown skin and a torture past be go . slim kneel down and take she in he arm . he stand up hold she lifeless body . with tear stream down he face he walk toward the police slowly and deliberately . the police be stunne and confuse . what the fuck be he do ? it do not matter . all we know , be he death be imminent . police officer stop walk ! he do not . police officer ( cont 'd ) put you hand up , now ! he do not . police officer ( cont 'd ) stop or we will shoot ! he keep walk . defiantly . then -- boom ! boom ! two bullet blow through he chest . he plummet to the ground . never let go of she . he die just as he have live - with pride and a quiet dignity . they both lay there on the pavement . in a pool of they own blood . they body make a unintentional cross . 93 94 110 . the cop put they gun down . feeling powerful and guilty at the same time . it 's a adrenaline rush they can not describe . the Police officer look at Queen and slim 's dead body . observe they . not unlike a hunter observe he prey . int . various location - day 7 93 we see thousand of people glue to they tv and iphone screen as they watch what just take place . this be public theater . it 's like the oj Simpson verdict all over again . only this time black people be on the lose end . news anchor ( v.o. ) Angela Johnson and Ernest hind be shot and kill today by Miami Police . the two suspect have become quite infamous for they ability to escape authority after kill a police officer four day ago in Columbus , Ohio . Miami Police Department release a statement say they hope to arrest the suspect so the they could have they day in court , but they have no choice but to open fire . we will see the shepherd watch from home . Mrs. shepherd watch with conflict eye . Mr. shepherd have to look away . we will see goddess and naomi watch on they phone in Earl 's overcrowded house . Earl smoke a cigarette and pretend to be unfaze . but he be . he 's never feel more alone in the world than he do right now . we will see junior 's father watch from he shop . he do not have much space to mourn other people 's child when he 's still mourn he own . finally - we will see the bearded Black man watch . he sit in he trailer with a blunt dangle from he lip while count he reward money . we will search for remorse behind he eye , but we will not find it . CUT to : int . morgue - later that day - day 7 94 the floor be cover in blood and water . 95 96 97 111 . the coroner be a dignify black man with salt and pepper hair . he wash Queen and slim 's body as if they be he favorite cousin . he pray over they . he do it in a voice low enough so he will not get in trouble , but loud enough so God will hear he . ext . ohio STREET - three day later - day 9 95 hundred of people , mostly Black and latino , stand in the street hold flower with sad eye . they pour into the street to pay they respects to two ordinary people that become sacrificial lamb . it 's reminiscent of biggie 's funeral . only this time there 's no music be play from boom box . there 's no animation or joy to be find . we see slim 's beloved father in the crowd . he bow he head and take off he hat as he son 's casket roll by . slim 's family consist of he older brother , he elegant mother and he brother' child - two nephew and one niece . the only person there to grieve queen be Earl . he cry uncontrollably as he reach out to touch she casket . it 's cover in white hydrangeas . her favorite . young kide hold up the photo junior take of Queen & slim in the car . as we linger on the photo and they innocent face , we -- CUT to : [ omitted } 96 ext . STREET - day 9 97 five little black boy , run through a apartment complex . they be make they way to a basketball court . as they play - we notice one of the boy be wear a t-shirt with Queen and slim 's face on it . and just like that they have go from skin and bone to mythical being that everyone wish they know . 112 . heroes that everyone admire and young people will emulate for generation to come . whether you call they sacrificial lamb , revolutionary or just two innocent people that defend themselves -- they name will live on forever . but for the purpose of this story -- they will always be know as Queen and slim . fade to black .