quiz show by ' Paul attanasio base on the chapter , . '' investigating the quiz show , " from R n 2 . by Richard n. goodwin Baltimore picture revised draft June 19 , 1992 for educational purpose only int . day . mercede showroom - - manhattan , the luscious curve of a 1956 mercede 190 coupe , lacquer red , drip with bright showroom light . circle : '' dick goodwin , late 20 , a broad Boston accent , he braing wear on he sleeve . flush with youth and american confidence . he chew a cigar as fat as a baby 's arm . a salesman circle mosquito-like . goodwin what be this , the 190 ? salesman that 's 17 coat of paint , hand -sand . Seven coat of lacquer . goodwin lean over . look at the sticker price . sigh . leans back . whistles low , drink it in . ' all this can be yours 's ... salesman it take a real individualist to drive a car like this . just out of school ? goodwin Harvard Law . couple of year . first in my class . salesman - that degree 'sell itself . goodwin I have be work for the government . salesman odisappoint ) oh. goodwin not that it 's permanent . salesman ( interested again ) would you like to get behind the wheel , Mr. goodman ? goodwin goodwin . salesman just be careful with the cigar . ( continued ) 1 continued : the salesman open the door . usher goodwin into the car . . goodwin I just think there 's something wrong about work so you can drive a car . salesman release the clutch , if you would not mind . goodwin you drive a car so that you can work . you do not work so that you can drive a car . the salesman lean over and start the ignition . salesman listen to , that . that 's a v 8. {off gauge ) you will note it redline at 3000 rpm . goodwin my father to this day have never own a car . I do not even think he have a driver 's license . salesman that 's the american dream . oresume ) I see you be admire the dashboard -- that 's burl walnut . goodwin be this what life have to offer ? salesman pretty much . ( think ) this or the porsche , ( resume ) the seat be florentine glove leather . goodwin the nicest piece of furniture 1 own will be in the garage . salesman I be go to get some paperwork , just so you can see it 's more affordable than you think . ( gesture to radio ) try the radio . ( more ) {continued ) continued : ( 2 ) salesman ( cont no ) the only thing that sound better than the engine be the radio . the salesman exit . goodwin turn on the radio . it emit a repetitive beep . he listen thoughtfully . radio newsman ( 0.c . ) the Russians have beat we into outer space . you be listen to the sound of sputnik , a satellite launch this morning via rocket , in orbit right now directly over we head ... a sound that say ... the salesman return , lean in . listen . radio newsman ( 0.c . ) ++- all be not well with America . salesman America do not own a mercede . click ! he push a button on the radio . change the station to music that carry over into ... CUT to : the door of a bank vault open ... int . evening . bank vault . flashbulb burst as two bank v.p.s insert separate key into a safe- deposit box . pull out a BOX emboss with the title " 24 " the v.p.s 's heel click smartly on the marble . reporter and photographer follow they out to the street . a thick crowd of the curious . the v.p.s climb into a armore car . police cherrytop flash to life . the motorcade roar uptown , CUT to : ext . evening . street . ( continued ) continued : commuter stream out of the subway . anxiously check they watch . run to they home ... CUT to : ext . evening . street . a New York cabbie flick on he '' off duty " light . Parks on the street . run into a bar ... CUT to : int . evening . movie theater . a projectionist snap off a movie in mid-scene . usher wheel out two television sets ... CUT to : ext . evening . rockefeller CENTER . the motorcade pull up outside the rca building . the Bank v.p.s emerge , march inside ... CUT to : _ int . night . home . in one live room after another , hand reach for knob on television ... fifty million viewer across the nation ... on the television jack barry , late 30 . part snake - oil salesman , part snake . barry good evening , I be Jack Barry . CUT to : int . night . studio . Bright with klieg light . a studio audience twitchy with anticipation . ponderous cameras circle a podium that bear the bold legend , '' geritol '' . he be flanke behind by two plexiglas isolation booths . ( continued ) 8 continued : barry due to a series of tie , Herbert stempel , we 41 year old ex - GI college student , must play at $ 3,000 a point , which mean that in a few brief minute he can either win over $ 100,000 - - the most money win on television to date -- or lose everything he 's win in the last eight week . listening backstage the champ : herbie stempel , Herbert the great , early 40s and overweight . Marine haircut and shabby suit . a job for he generation - - exile to the borough , flay by grey - flannel insult , scourge by lowly status , grudge - laden before God . the challenger watch as herbie compulsively clean he glass . . challenger nervous ? herbie heh . it 's only money . back on - - barry as the Bank v.p. 's deliver the question , head offstage . '' barry thank you , gentleman . {to audience ) so right now , let 's meet we first two player , as geritol , America 's number one tonic , present ' 21° . two escort bring herbie and the Challenger to the podium . in the control room the producer , dan enright and albert freedman . enright have the soul of a shoplifter surprised to find himself in Tiffany 's . freedman be he willing right arm -- until a better shoulder come along . enright snap a switch . a applause sign ignites the audience ... back on - - barry . as he greet herbie and the Challenger . {continued } 10 11 continued : ( 2 ) barry how be you , herb ? I imagine you be a kind of a folk hero out there in queen . CUT to : int . night . sponsor 's apartment . White wall . White carpet . White curtain . White furniture . and a black heart -- the grouchy sponsor of geritol , early sos . " 21 " on the television . a platinum blonde serve he a drink . sponsor ( with disgust ) queen . CUT to : int . same time . studio . Barry interview herbie . barry it 's a nervous strain on the family , huh ? how 's you wife hold up ? herbie she 's fine , - thank you . ' thank you , Mr. Barry , for ask . Barry launch into the rule . barry as you know , herb , the question , ' which have be keep in a bank vault -- herbie ( interrupt he ) I might add she no longer suffer from ' tired blood 's , now that I have get she on geritol . CUT to : int . same time . sponsor 's apartment . the sponsor boil while he watch herbie . ( continued ) 11 12 continued : herbie ( 0.c . ) you know , Mr. Barry , while some people say that geritol have no medical basis whatsoever , I can attest that it 's a fine product . CUT to : int . night . apartment - - greenwich village . the buzz of genteel conversation . tweeds and sherry . a book party in honor of the professor , MARK van doren , late 5as , a white - haire go with a beatific demeanor , and he brisk , articulate wife dorothy , late 5as also . stack of they new book nearby . they greet a stream of guest . professor # 1 oshake hand ) Professor . the professor Professor . professor # 1 I be sorry I be late . you can not get a cab . professor # 2 ( greeting the Professor ) Professor . the professor Professor . dorothy Professor . the professor {to dorothy ) mother , where 's Charlie ? alone in the den Hand on chin , mesmerize , the blue light of a television play on he chisell feature : charle van doren , 30 , handsome , well - bear , debonair , self - deprecate , perfect . the lithe build of a man who have never be make to run uphill . a endear blankness -- the boyish availability of a man still in search of himself . a pretty young woman , early 20 , approach . ignore by Charlie , she try to start conversation . ( continued ) continued : - young woman do you know Professor Van doren ? charlie oh-- how rude of I . ( introduce himself ) I be Charlie . ( beat ) he 's my father . young woman I take he course at Columbia - - hawthorne , original Sin and the american experience 's -- well , as silly as it sound , it change my life . charlie be it the hawthorne or the sin ? - young woman to be the son of that extraordinary man ! charlie when you say that , ' Professor Van doren ' -- you know , I be also Professor Van doren . young woman Mathematics ? you seem like the - Mathematical type . charlie oh , no. literature . same as dad. young woman really ? where do you teach ? charlie Columbia . CUT to : int . same time . studio . music play and the two escort usher herbie and the Challenger to the isolation booths . barry once inside the isolation booth , neither player can see the other . ( more ) ( continued ) 13 14 continued : barry ( cont no ) nor can they hear anything until I turn they studio on , ( flipping switch ) can you hear I , herb ? herbie yes , Mr. Barry , I sure can . in the control room enright 's gaze sweep hawklike over the monitor , enright herb 's too sure of himself . turn off the air conditioning in he booth . freedman slide up a thermostat ... CUT to : int . same time . NBC . goodwin sit on a couch -- a wait room outside the office of the President of NBC . a huge NBC peacock over he head . a monitor - show herbie patting at he sweaty brow with a handkerchief . ' goodwin get up ; cross in front of the ' image . barry ( 0.c . ) the first category be the american Revolution . a secretary sit at a desk nearby . goodwin approach she . goodwin do you think he might see I before the peacock molt ? secretary Mr. kintner apologize , but he 's unavailable . why do not you come back tomorrow ?. goodwin I be sure he would be available if my name be geritol . secretary who be you with again ? ( continued ) 10 . 14 continued : goodwin the United States Congress -- perhaps you have hear of they . I speak to Mr. kintner personally six week ago . secretary the President of NBC never speak personally with anyone . goodwin the committee oversee television , kintner make he speech about television be a public trust and I take note . it 's simply a matter of routine . secretary be not everything ? goodwin move away , defeated . the Secretary return to she work . goodwin return , nod toward the monitor . goodwin they do that show right here ? secretary Studio 21 . tenth floor . CUT to : 1s int . same time . studio . herbie chew a knuckle . look up . herbie the american Revolution ... in 11 try 11 , 11 point , Mr. Barry - - if that 's okay . barry let I remind you that the question have be certified and grade for difficulty by the encylopedia britannica on a scale from one to . 11 -- 11 be the hardest question . herbie that 's right , Mr. Barry . Barry , impressed by herbie 's daredevil bid , press a button , and a question card pop up ... ( continued ) 15 16 11 . continued : barr ( read ) the question be in five part . ' every schoolboy know about the midnight ride of Paul revere . for 11 point : how many lantern be hang in the Old North Church ? who ride with Paul revere ? who leat he he horse ? be it a mare or a stallion ? and what be the horse 's name ?! what a question ! a audible gasp from the audience . herbie grimace , hug he elbow , bite he lip , scratch he head look skyward for divine inspiration . : herbie would you mind , Mr. Barry - - could I take the third part last ? CUT to : int . same time . sponsor nos home . the sponsor brood over the tv . herbie ( 0.c . ) the code be ' one if by land , two if by sea . therefore it be lantern in the steeple of the Old North 's Church . the blonde enter with ROBERT kintner , 5as , a manner whipped smooth as a meringue . blonde ( announce ) Mr. kintner . kintner I understand you be upset , sirc - - the rating be slightly off -- sponsor the rating be off because of hin he jab a bony finger . on the television herbie mop he brow , struggle through the question . ( continued ) 16 17 18 19 12 . continued : herbie daw and Prescott be the man who ride with he . CUT to : int . same time , studio . a sign read '' quiet -- show in progress " . goodwin stop at the stage door . thinks a beat . open it and enter the mezzanine . leans against the back wall . watch the stage below : barry be it a mare or a stallion ? herbie it be a mare . CUT to : int . same time . goodwin home . sandra , goodwin 's pretty shikse wife , watch from the foot of the bed in they one - bedroom georgetown apartment . herbie ( 0.c . ) what 's the last part again ? barry ( 0.c . ) the third part ? herbie ( 0.c. } no -- I ask for the third part last . barry { 0.c . ) that 's fine . herbie ( 0.c . ) I just do not remember the last part . sandra who remember the question ? that 's harder than the question . CUT to : int . same time . studio goodwin look down from the mezzanine . ( continued ) 19 20 '' 21 22 13 . continued : barry what be the horse 's name ? herbie . the horse 's name be Brown beauty . barry and finally , the man who loan Paul revere he horse for that fateful midnight ride ? herbie who loan he the horse ... who loan he the horse ... CUT to : int . same time . control room . enright and freedman exchange a look . herbie ( 0.c.} --- who loan he the horse ... CUT to : int . same time . apartment : - greenwich village . - Charlie wrack he brain , watch with the young woman . herbie ( 0.c. ) ( search ) -;- something tell I it be a clergyman ... reverend luckbill ... CUT to : int . same time . sponsor ‘s apartment . kintner and the scowling sponsor watch the show . herbie ( 0.c . ) ++- reverend larchwood ... reverend lardbone ... kintner _ it 's not easy to find suitable contestant . ( continued ) 22 23 24 25 14 . continued : sponsor do the show on the sabbath . just get rid of he . the sponsor exit . the blonde arrive with kintner 's hat . CUT to : int . same time . across the nation , anxious viewer move to the edge of they seat ... somewhere a phone ring unanswer , a child cry unheard ... a can of beer freeze in mid-sip ... CUT to : int . same time . studio . goodwin lean forward in anticipation ... barry would you like more time , herb ? herbie curl into himself ... then pop up ... herbie larkin ! deacon John larkin ! barry correct for 11 point ! in the mezzanine goodwin shake he head in astonishment . goodwin how the hell do he know that ? CUT to : int . same time . greenwich village - - apartment . Charlie chew he lip in awed respect . charlie my God , he know ing . I would bet even dad would not know that . ( continued ) 25 26 15 . continued : young woman Professor Van doren -- can you imagine ? he would not be catch dead on one of this quiz show ! close on --charlie as the wheel spin ... charlie no . you be quite right . CUT to : int . same time . studio . Barry deliver the commercial barry do you feel fatigue ? not have as much fun as you use to ? do life itself seem to be get you down ? the problem may be tired blood . ( meaningfully ) tire blood . in the isolation booth the intercom crackle on . '' enright ( 0.c. ) Nice job , herbie . you can relax a minute . herbie sag . mop under he arm with the handkerchief . herbie Christ . again with the air conditioning . in the control room the phone ring . freedman answer it . turn to enright . it 's kintner . CUT to : 27 28 29 16 . int . night . time square station . a ebullient herbie descend into the subway . tonight , he 's gene Kelly . humming a tune , he dance down the stair . the F train arrive , and he scoot inside . passengers recognize he , point . studiously nonchalant , he ignore they , sink down into he overcoat . and smile . CUT to : ext . night . forest hill . herbie walk through he tidy neighborhood . in he home cun trot now ... neighbor shake he hand , slap he back ... he climb the stair to he house . across the street , a neighbor applaud from a second story window . herbie bow elaborately , enter he house . CUT to : int . night . herbie 's apartment . herbie enter , take off he hat . herbie ; the genius be home ! the rich genius be home ! in the . live room toby stempel , late 30 , wedge heavily in a armchair . a box of Devil dog in she lap . she search for a chunk of cake lose in the fold of she muumuu . herbie enter . herbie do you see I ? Toby , be not I great ? be not I incredible ? and that bit about geritol - - do I play they like a piano or what ? ( lock in mirror ) what about my tooth -- d 's you think I should get my tooth cap ? how no my hair look ? toby ( sarcastic ) could I take the third part last , Mr. Barry ? {continued ) 17 . 29 continued : ; herbie ninety - six thousand dollar ! c'mon , dance with I , Toby . c’mont we be celebrate ! he pull and haul at she with the exertion of a deep sea fisherman . but she 's have none of it . toby stop it , Herbert . herbie ( croon ) ' Dancing in the dark , until the tune end ... 's toby I tell lester to be home by ten . he will be here any minute . herbie come on ! a child can not see he Parents dance ? be a good wife . toby if you know how my ankle feel you would not ask . herbie give up . move to the mirror . start to strip off he tie , he suit ... " herbie why do you think you ankle hurt ? eat some more . toby I '' retain water , for you information . herbie you and the Grand coulee dam . he throw the suit jacket in a ball on the floor . start to strip off the pants . Toby stand , bend to pick the jacket up . dust it off ... herbie you do not get it , do you ? I go out on the street and everybody know I . everybedy love I -- I --herbie stempel . and they love I for the same reason they use to hate I . because I be the guy who know everything . ( continued ) 29 continued : 18 . ( 2 ) toby do you know how much it 's gonna cost to get this suit dry -clean ? . herbie thing be go to change around here , boy . herbie throw the pants on the floor . in he short now ... the '' phone toby ( dusting suit ) look at this . my father pay good money for this suit . herbie he wear it to he own wake ! , _ toby you make it sound like it be the suit that kill he . herbie you know why enright like that suit ? you know why he personally pick that suit out of my closet ? because it make I look like a . ' the poor ex - GI 's with the hand - me-down suit and the walk - up apartment . ring ..- Toby go to answer it . toby you should worship the ground I walk on , all my family 's do for you . herbie you want to be worshipped , go to India and moo . toby I marry a man who could not hold onto a dollar if he swallow it . ( to phone ) hello ? yeah , hi , Mom . herbie cock-a-doodle -doo , baby -- I be not the putz you marry . ( continued ) 29 continued : she hang 19 , ( 3 ) toby ( to phone ) that 's herbie . he 's in one of hig mood . ( listen ) of course I watch the show . herbie get off the phone -- Steve Allen might call . eisenhower might call . you think I be kid ? toby she want to know why you only go for eight on the movie . herbie because my real area of expertise be pain-in- the -ass in - law . '' toby {to phone ) i_know everybody 's watch . ( listen ) i’ know it 's a lot of money . herbie hang up the phone . hang it -- would you please hang up the phone ? toby ( to phone ) I gotta go . he say etsenhower 's gonna call . I x11 ] call you tomorrow . up . herbie just sit . sit with I . what be it with you ? he sit on the couch . she sit next to he . toby you better put some clothes on . you ‘’1l catch cold . herbie Toby , listen . do not you see what this mean for we ? toby you gonna leave I , herbie ? ( continued ) 29 30 20 . continued : ( 4 ) herbie no , I be not gonna leave you . do not you understand ? it 's a revolution ! for we . everything -- all of this . we do not need you mother and she money anymore -- you can tell she where to get off after 38 year . toby you should hear all of a sudden how nice she 's be . herbie ( gesture to television ) that box be the biggest thing since gutenberg invent the printing press , and I be the biggest thing on it . do not you see ? I could be on this show forever . CUT to : int . morning . NBC --interview room . pegboard and cheap furniture . Charlie sit opposite a researcher who test he from a list of question . there 's a mirror in the wall behind they . researcher ( read from card ) ' because of a disagreement with he commanding general , Ulysses S. grant be virtually place under arrest for a brief time early in 1862 . who be the commanding general of the Union Army at that time ? 's charlie oh , I know that ! halleck . General h.w. halleck . researcher that 's correct . Charlie nervously rub he sweaty palm on he knee . tries to lean over to peek at the researcher 's tally . watching he through a one - way mirror : freedman . a page pass through . ( continued ) 30 31 32 33 2i. continued : freedman who 's that ? page ( off roster ) Charles Van doren . freedman Van doren like Van doren Van doren ? he want to he on ' tic tac dough 's ? the page shrug . freedman lick he chop ... freedman let I borrow this a second . he grab Charlie as. file . run out . CUT to : int . hallway . freedman run with the file , virtually sing ... freedman I have get he ... I have get the guy ... this be the guy ... I have get the guy ... ' CUT to : int . day . enright 's office a spectacular s0th floor aerie with Art Deco furniture . enright gaze out at he view . turn as freedman arrive . freedman I have get the guy . CUT to : int . later . enright 's office . enright appraise Charlie like a cattle rancher eyeball a prize bull . freedman can barely contain himself . charlie --- well , originally I be go to be a concert pianist . ( more ) ( continued ) 33 continued : 22 . charlie ( cont no ) and I be really quite good , but when the day be do , no horowitz . so I decide to be a actor . or a philosopher -- I study the great book at St. john' . I realize I would never really excel at either of that , so I turn to astrophysics . but of course all the great physicist make they discovery before the age of 25 . that just be not in the card . so I go to the West Bank and write a novel , about a parricide -- freedman Excuse I ? -charlie | a boy who kill he father . my dad like it quite a lot , actually . but it 's not like he equate it to hawthorne or anything . it just seem -- do you know that Johnson remark , ' the epidemical conspiracy for the destruction of paper 's ? I mean , you could fill yankee Stadium with all the mediocre novelist in the . world , and -- enright could I ask you a personal question ? how much do they pay you up at Columbia ? charlie eighty -six dollar a week . enright do you know how much the average stockbroker be pay ? do you have any idea what bozo the clown make ? charlie well , we can not all be bozo the clown . enright I be not question you choice of profession -- not at all . ( more ) ( continued ) 33 continued : 23 . ( 2 ) enright ( cont no ) I be question the value of a society that pay somebody like you -- what be it ? . freedman eighty -six dollar a week . enright eighty -six dollar a week , and meanwhile sputnik 's up there cight now beep - beep-beep over we head . charlie I have to admit , Mr. enright , it 's a national problem . -enright I understand you come down here to try out for ' tic tac dough 's . charlie well , my friend say I have a good mind for this sort of thing -- I would be plan a trip to Italy , and - - enright how would you like to be on 's 21 ' ? '' charlie " 21 ° ? freedman Dan produce both show . enright you nre young , clean-cut ... from a prominent family . you be exactly what this country need . kid would run to do they homework so they could be like Charles Van doren . charlie it 's just -- what about Herbert stempel ? enright I love herbie . people do not like he , kid do not look up to he . ( continued ) 33 continued : 24 , ( 3 ) freedman if you be a kid , would you want to grow up and be a fat , annoying jewish guy with a sidewall haircut ? charlie I want to he Joe dimaggio . freedman especially after he hold out for the hundred grand . enright that 's what this country need . a intellectual Joe dimaggio , with the money and the woman and all from this ( tapping he head ) instead of a bat and ball . charlie all that aside -- well , honestly , i_do not think I can beat he . ' tic tac dough 's seem more feasible . enright think a beat . gaze out the window . enright what if we be to put you on the show -- put you on ' 21 's this Wednesday - - and ask you '' question you know ? say , the question you already answer correctly on you test this morning ? charlie what do you mean ? be think the question be in a bank vault . enright forget about that . I be just think out loud . charlie seriously ? enright you want to win , do not you ? charlie I think I have really rather try to beat he honestly . ( continued ) 2s . 33 continued : ( 4 ) freedman what 's dishonest ? it 's not like we would be give you the answer , charlie , I do not see the difference . freedman we ask you a question , you know the answer . just because we know you know , you still know . enright it 's not like put I on the show , or Al , and pretend I be some intellectual . you have put in the time , year of study and erudition . '' charlie ( wonder ) I be just try to imagine , what would Kant think of this ? freedman I really do not think he would have a problem with it . enright nobody would ever have to know . just .us three . think of what you would accomplish for the cause of education . charlie it just do not seem right . I would have to say no . enright just a idea , a awkward heat as they all look at each other . charlie be that part of the test ? 34 int . later . hallway . enright and freedman usher Charlie to the elevator . ( continued ) 26 , 34 continued : enright Wednesday , Professor . say around p - marry for the run-through . charlie it all be , I assume -- that be , not the way we discuss before . aboveboard . freedman so pure it float . enright you nre on you own . charlie thank you . Weil , a pleasure to meet you both . Goodbye . he exit into the elevator . enright turn to freedman . enright get I that question . 35 int . night . toot shor ns. herbie watch a compete quiz show at a crowded bar , toot _ shor , the celebrate proprietor , beside he . on the television a emcee ask a question . emcee ( 0.c. ) ( read ) " surgeon , soldier , sailor , spy , dream thurber 's great creation . though walter 's life be mighty dry , he have imagination 's . name that story . back on --the bar as toot shake he head in dismay , whistle low . herbie ' the secret life of walter mitty 's . toot look over at herbie , doubletake as he recognize he . ( continued ) 35 27 . continued : on the television as the contestant flounder and the bell ring . emcee ( 0.c . ) you do not know ? ( buzzer ) ' the secret life of walter mitty 's . accord to the rule of * dotto’ , the 10 dot you ask for will now be connect in you opponent 's picture ... a artist work at a large easel --a caricature form ... back on -- the bar as toot nudge herbie . toot Excuse I -- be you Herbert stempel ? herbie yes . I be . toot ( shaking hand ) Holy Toledo . toot shor . ( to man alongside ) lockit -- herb stempel . from television . the guy that know '' everything . the man alongside turn from he drink . offer he hand . it 's joe louis . herbie oh. hiya , champ . toot ( off herbie ) this guy 's the Joe Louis of brain . enright arrive , tap herbie on the shoulder . enright sorry I be late . herbie dig to pay for he drink . toot wave he off . ( continued ) 35 36 28. continued : ( 2 ) toot on the arm . you need anything -- it 's my jernt . CUT to : int . later . restaurant . herbie and enright chew pleasurably through thick steak . enright offer up a venerable bordeaux . enright more wine , herb ? herbie thank you , Dan . why not ? enright pour the wine . enright you nve earn it . how 's that steak ? herbie nothing like a fine piece of meat . enright you know , it 's a hell of a thing . I be look at the thing loday -- you know , the trendex rating : - herbie yeah ? enright well , it 's the damnedest thing . you have plateaue . herbie I have plateaue ? what do that mean ? enright the rating have plateaue . herbie you just tell I the other day the rating be up . enright they be up . and now they have plateaue . ( continued ) 36 continued : 29 . herbie ' plateaue 's -- what kind of word be that ? you mean people do not like I any more ? enright it 's not you per se , it 's just -- well , regrettably , the view public be fickle . herbie maybe I should get my tooth cap . enright I do not think that 's the answer . herbie you know what I think it be ? I think people be tired of that whole ' GI college student 's thing . frankly , I be tired of it myself . and that disgusting suit -- I mean , that 's gotta be half of it -- enright it 's not you , herb . it 's just the nature of the show . they nve already see you win . they be bored with it . '' herbie what be you say ? you think they want I to lose ? enright do not you think that 's natural ? herbie you be panic . the rating ' 11l come around . this be temporary . ( gesture inside ) look at Joe Louis . Joe Louis be the champ for twelve year . nobody ever want Joe Louis to lose . enright I be say just think about it . think about the little people . herbie Little people and big money . ( continued ) 36 30 , continued : ( 2 ) . enright think about all you have do for the cause of education . . herbie the cause of education ? I wait 41 year for this ! now I be suppose to take a dive for the fuck cause of education ? enright I think we have a relationship , herb . I be ask you for you help . herbie Fine . just let I play it honestly . a waiter walk by . enright will you please keep you voice down ? herbie you do not think I could do it ? go ahead . give I a number . enright roll he eye . herbie stop a waiter . '' herbie {to waiter ) give I a number . a random number . waiter 23 . enright you be make a spectacle of yourself , the waiter continue on . herbie 23 . Beethoven be 23 when he compose he first piano sonata . in 1923 Jack bentley set the record for bat average by a pitcher , hit .427 . there be 23 chromosome in the human egg . also the human sperm . 23rd President of the United States ? Benjamin Harrison . ( continued ) 31 . 36 continued : ( 3 ) enright herb - - herbie asian country along the 23rd parallel of southern latitude -- Australia , tonga , french polynesia - - enright do not start believe you own bullshit . you would not know the name cf Paul revere 's horse if he take a crap on you lawn . herbie she . enright what ? herbie it be a mare , remember ? enright the point be I help you and now you owe I . you lose when I tell you to lose . herbie ~ but why. now ? enright it 's a arrangement -- it 's always be a arrangement . herbie if you make I lose before , if you make I lose right from the beginning , that I no understand -- that no be my whole fuck life . but why now ? enright nothing life forever . herbie Producers and viruse live forever . {continued ) 36 continued : 32 , ( 4 ) enright look at the big picture . it 's not like television be go to go away , you know . think about the future . herbie the future ? what be you talk about , the future ? I mean , specifically . enright if I know , I would write horoscope for a live . ( to the waiter ) check ? herbie you mean like a panel show ? enright have not I take care of you ? have not I be like a dutch uncle to you ? herbie down to the wooden shoe . enright just trust I . the waiter bring the check . enright go over it . herbie you know , I could be terrific on one of that panel show . witty , off - the-cuff . sort of a Bill Cullen thing -- enright the last category be movie . we be gonna ask you what win the Academy Award for 1955 . you do not know it . herbie ( sagging ) oh , no . oh , no . do not do that . enright you blank . you do not remember it . ( continued ) 36 37 33 . continued : ( 5 ) herbie I see ' marty 's three time ! how can I lose on ' marty 's ? the best picture from a year ago and I do not know it ? enright that 's the whole point . herbie it 's not enough the take my championship away -- you have to zotz I in front of the entire country ! enright someone of you intellect and it 's such a simple question - - do not you see the drama of that ? herbie . but ' marty 's ? I be begging you , Dan , something else . let I lose on a physics question . herbie get on he knee . enright herb , will you get off the floor ? - herbie please . not ' marty 's . it 's too humiliate . enright hand a fifty to the waiter . look down at herbie . enright for 96 grand , herb , you can afford to be humiliate . CUT to : int . night . goodwin apartment - - WASHINGTON , d.c . a one bedroom in georgetown . sandra , 203 , goodwin 's pretty shikse wife , do a crossword puzzle while she watch tv in bed . goodwin enter , a huge cigar smolder in he mouth . sandra no cigar in the bedroom . goodwin retreat into the hallway . ( continued ) 34 , 37 continued : goodwin ( mutter ) no cigar in the bedroom . we allow a television in the bedroom but there 's no cigar in the bedroom . in the hallway goodwin sit , tap a ash into he pants cufé . sandra ( from inside ) how be you day ? goodwin Fine . sandra that bad ?. goodwin teday the Chairman ask I to write a speech for he , to deliver to the kiwanis Club of Fayetteville , Arkansas . sandra you be good at that . goodwin it 's suppose to be a investigative committee . sandra it 's 1957 , Dick . what be you gonna investigate ? on the television a ad for geritol . announcer ( 0.c . ) do you feel fatigue in the afternoon ? not have as much fun as you use to ? back on - - goodwin puffing he cigar in the hallway ... sandra {from inside ) what ever happen with that wall Street job ? ( continued ) 37 38 35 . continued : ( 2 ) goodwin money be not everything , you know . sandra I be not the one who come back from New York with a mercede catalogue . goodwin I just have this idea x be gonna do something with my life . sandra it 's a job , Dick . it 's not sex . goodwin that degree be suppose to be a ticket to something different . this be not different . this be a different way of be the same . in the bedrcom Sandra watch the television . goodwin enter . sandra you ever hear of Charles van doren ? goodwin Van doren like Van doren van doren ? sandra he 's go to be on a quiz show . on the television a announcer deliver a promo . announcer ( 0.c.} ..- he 's a professor at Columbia University in the fable ivy League . and he will be the new challenger this week on ' 211 CUT to : int . night . herbie 's apartment . herbie watch the same promo in he live room . his 10 - year-old son lester , a pint-size herbie complete with glass , sit next to he . ( continued ) 38 continued : sound of she take they exit . 36 . I h herbie '' such a schmuck . ( to lester ) you father 's a schmuck . . announcer ( 0.c. ) will Herbert stempel become the first man to win over $ 100,000 on television ? herbie no , Herbert stempel will not win over $ 100,000 . Herbert stempel be go to take a dive ! announcer ( 0.c . ) +;- tune in Wednesday and watch the best of ccny take on the best 3 for the ivy League -- this week on ' 214 herbie tune in and watch herb stempel get feed to the Columbia lion . tune in and watch Charles Van doren eat he first kosher meal , this week on ' 217 ! the front door unlock ... Toby enter in she coat , toby what be you . do , keep . lester up like this ? herbie the child have to learn . the child have to learn the depth that humanity can sink to . lester by the hand , lead he out . lester he would not let I practice my drum . toby you be go to give he you ulcer . let he grow up with he own ulcer . herbie stare at the television . ( continued ) 38 39 37 . continued : ( 2 ) herbie ( to himself ) why ? what do I do ? I do everything they say . CUT to : int . day . van doren office - - columbia . the Professor read in they tiny book - cluttere office they share . Charlie noisily load he briefcase . the Professor do not notice . Charlie move to the door . then turn , charlie ° have you ever watch one of that quiz show on television ? the professor you know we do not own a television , Charlie . charlie I just think you might have see one somewhere . ' the $ 64,000 question 's , or ' 21 ' ? the professor for $ 64,000 I hope they ask you the meaning of life . charlie ( defensive ) it 's like a competition . the professor you know -- I do not think I know a single person who 's ever see one ! charlie I have be tell $ 0 million people watch that show . the professor well , then , I suppose we have become a nation of proctor . they turn on the television and watch a quiz ? : ( continued ) 39 continued : 38 . charlie you know , apparently this show have do a lot to enhance the image of intellectual in this country , motivate schoolchild -- the professor I be sure they be harmless , ( change the subject ) you know , the tate be in town , we be meeting they for dinner , would you like to join we ? charlie no . I have , uh ... a appointment with destiny . the professor ( wink ) give she a. kiss for I . charlie ( wink ) I will . CUT to : 40 int . night . studio . ' Barry rehearse while a director count off . of barry ( different reading ) ' good evening , I be Jack Barry 's . ' good evening , I '' Jack Barry 's . ' good evening , I be Jack Barry 's . the director signal . barry good evening , I be Jack Barry . CUT to : 41 int . night . stempel apartment . Toby eat orange , drop the peel into a paper sack ... ( continued ) 41 42 43 39 . continued : announcer ( 0.c . ) --- returning with $ 96,000 , from Forest Hills , New York , Mr. Herbert stempel ... int . same time . sponsor' apartment . the sponsor and kintner watch in the all - white space , announcer ( o.c . ) ++- and from New York City , Professor Charles Van doren ... CUT to : int . same time . studio . Barry interview Charlie . herbie fidget alongside . barry Professor , be you in any way related to Mark Van doren , the famous writer ? charlie he 's my father , Jack . dorothy van doren , . the author of the recent " the country wife’ , be my mother , and Carl Van doren , the biographer of Benjamin Franklin , be my uncle . in the control room freedman lean in to a pensive enright . whisper . freedman herbie 's act funny . you sure he 's on board ? back on - - barry as he turn to herbie . barry herb , you have a chance tonight to win over $ 100,000 - - not bad for a ex - GI college student . ( continued ) a0 . 43 continued : herbie honestly , Mr. Barry , I feel that -- win or lose -- I nve already show exactly what it take for aman in this country to rise above he circumstance . . barry only in America . CUT to : 44 int . same time . goodwin home . the goodwin eat chinese food out of carton , watch Charlie on the tv . . sandra look at he . he 's dreamy . goodwin ' dreamy 's ? the man be a college professor , sandra you know I like brainy guy . goodwin you never say Herbert stempel be .dreamy . CUT to : montage a condensation of the game as Charlie and herbie , lip-bit and brow-mopping , bat the lead back and forth . herbie +.- Andrew Johnson of Tennessee . CUT to : charlie --. I guess , I guess that Atahualpa be the leader of the Inca at the time of the conquest ... CUT to : ( continued ) 44 continued : herbie 41 . ++-therefore the virgin Islands must be Columbus 's second voyage ... _ charlie CUT to : ... the -- would not that be Patterson , Joseph Patterson ? herbie CUT to : ... if I could take that third part last ... charlie CUT to : :+- I have like to take the thira part last , if I might ... barry correct , herb , for 8 point ! CUT to : CUT to : -barry Professor , that 's incorrect , and you be back to five . herbie ++- Anne of cleve ... charlie .+- Anne Boleyn ... herbie ..- Catherine Howard ... CUT to : CUT to : CUT to : ( continued ) 42 . a4 continued : ( 2 ) charlie +.- Catherine of aragon ... CUT to : herbie : --- he divorced she ... CUT to : charlie --- he behead she ... CUT to : 45 int . later . studio . Barry launch into a question . barry herb stempel , you lead at this point by 18 to 11 . the category be movie . how many point do you want to try for ? herbie T all try three , three point . barry - which wauld give you 21 point if you guess right , and - you will be the winner again . Barry hit a button . the question pop up . ( read ) which motion picture win the Academy Award for 1955 ? in the booth herbie sweat it out ... twist at he handkerchief . ee herbie 1955 ... Academy Award ... best picture . hmum ... you know , I do not remember . in the control room enright and freedman watch , tense ... a stagehand lean against a wall . ( continued ) 4s 46 47 48 43. continued : thacty -. stagehand CUT to : int . same time . herbie 's apartment . Toby stop eat . barry ( 0.c. ) would you like to take some time ? herbie ( 0.c . ) I do not remember . 1955 -- that be just last year ... best picture ... CUT to : int . same time . studio , Barry tap the card . barry be you sure you would not like to guess at it ? Ie herb . it 's the oddest thing - -r just - don ! t_ remember . barry otherwise I will ] have to call it wrong . herbie wait ! int . same time . sponsor 's apartment . the sponsor scowl . kintner Christ . 49 so 51 int . same time . studio . herbie search the sky for inspiration . then sag . barry herb ? herbie best picture ... no. I just do not remember . ( helplessly ) ' mister Roberts 's ? barry no , I be sorry . the answer be ' marty 's . herbie marty '! barry ( sorrowful ) ' marty 's . CUT to : int . night . goodwin home . goodwin stare dumbfounded at the tv. goodwin jeez . what.an easy question . CUT to : int . same time . studio . Barry turn to Charlie . barry and now for you , Professor - - the category be the Civil war . charlie that 's a awful big subject . hmmm . well , I all try for 10 point , Jack . barry which will bring you to 21 , and you will be the new champion . ( continued ) 44a . 51 45 . continued : herbie in he silent booth , freeze out , press he face against the plexiglas - - try to get a lock at Van doren ... close on - - charlie as Barry read the question . barry ( read ) ' because of a disagreement with he commanding general , Ulysses S. grant be virtually place under arrest for a brief time early in 1862 . who be the commanding general of the Union Army at that time ? ' it 's the same question he be ask in he test ... trapped in the isolation booth ... what can he do ? barry tough question . charlie it 's just so oddly familiar ... barry would you like some more time ? '' charlie whatever you can spare . suspense music blare ... a rise scale out of a horror movie ... in the control room enright and freedman watch , fist clench in anticipation ... back on - - charlie the eye of the audience bear down on he ... till the music end , barry do you know the name ? charlie oh , yes , uh -- I know he name . halleck . General h.w. halleck . ( continued ) 51 52 53 54 46 . continued : ( 2 ) barry that 's correct ! you be we new champion with $ 20,0001 in the isolation booth Charlie mop he brow . amaze and appal . charlie ( sotto ) that son of a bitch . close on - - enright as he watch Charlie . smile . shake he head in admiration . enright that son of a bitch . CUT to : int . same time . studio . Barry slide inte he oily conclusion . barry herb , I just want to say , by golly , you have have a tremendous run here . we may have a lot of contestant in the future ... CUT to : int . same time . stempel apartment . the phone ring unanswer . Toby crumple the bag of orange peel into the trash can . exit the apartment . barry ( 0.c . ) ..- I doubt that anybody will ever display the knowledge , the fight spirit , and the courage that you have on this program ... ccut to : int . night . sponsor nos apartment . the sponsor watch with kintner . ( continued ) 47 . 54 continued : barry ( 0.c . ) and Professor Van doren , you will be hereto face a new challenger next week on ' 21 ° ! sponsor I like he . he 's like a young Ronald Reagan . kintner ( eagerly ) with brain . CUT to : 55 int . night . studio . Charlie stand by the elevator with enright and freedman . crew member and page pass by , congratulate he . herbie move anonymously up the hallway from the deep background ... charlie God , I be as exhaust as if I play five set of tennis . NBC page # 1 some tough question tonight . charlie oh , not really . freedman Charlie , you be a natural . crew member # 1 see you next week , Professor . charlie ugh ! I do not even want to think about it ! ( to enright ) gosh , my brain be numb ? the elevator arrive with a light and a bell . herbie and some of the crew member climb inside . freedman hold the door for Charlie . enright go home , have a martini . we will talk in the morning . ( continued ) 55 56 48. continued : charlie _ I be go to -- I be just go to take the stair , if that 's okay . the other climb into the elevator . herbie ‘s eye fill with resentment --watch Charlie as the door close ... CUT to : int . night . stairwell . Charlie run down the fire stair , mutter to himself . Flight after flight ... his shoe landing with a clanging thunk ! thunk ! thunk !... ' charlie what be I suppose to do , lose on a question I know ? pretend I do not know the answer ? that would be just as dishonest ... stair in a torrent as he rush down pell - mell ... his breath chug heavily , he hair flap over he forehead ... charlie --- I suppose I could have say something . like what ? God -- I can not even imagine . the embarrassment . the publicity ... jumping skip three stair ... four stair ... charlie -.- after all , it 's for the good of the country . besides , I have work hard . I deserve twenty thousand dollar as much as anybody . he stop pant , chase he breath -- as if he ’da run up all that stair . awed by the number he 's just uttere . ( continued ) 56 49 . continued : charlie my God - - ew uy ! montage ~- next week 's show . Charlie divine the answer . charlie ' Age of innocence 's . barry correct for ten point ! --children gather in front of a family tv set . charlie ( 0.c , ) could that be Samuel tilden ? barry ( 0.c . ) } once again , Charlie , you be we champion ! - : Charlie sit in a morningside Heights coffee shop and read he morning paper . turn and see a crowd of student watch through the window . they applaud . he shyly toast then with.his cup_af coffee . - turn , pleased and ashamed , back to he paper . -- the follow week -- the open of the show . the beautiful escort bring Charlie and challenger # 1 out . announcer ( 0.c . ) ++- teturn with $ 36,000 ... ' Charlie in a prep room . freedman ask he a question . oread ) who be the three heavyweight champion who precede Joe Louis ? charlie let 's see ... braddock . baer , Max baer , ... hmmm ... freedman primo carnera . ( continued ) sé 50 . continued : ( 2 ) charlie you be not suppose to do that . you can not use that . freedman I gotta sit here all day ? what the hell 's the difference ? -- nun pray while Charlie search for the answer . charlie ( 0.c . ) my goodness ... could it be -- I '' go to guess primo carnera . barry ( 0.c . ) you have 21 ! the nun bless themselves , offer thanks to God . -- Charlie tour a empty greenwich Village townhouse . realtor it 's the only townhouse available on Washington Square . they be firm at $ 14,000 . charlie I will take it . -- the week after ... Charlie come out with challenger # 2 . announcer ---return , with $ 54,000 ... 77 the week after ... Sandra and goodwin watch at home . +». Charlie come out with challenger # 3 . announcer ( 0.c. ) ... ceturn with $ 69,500 , from New York , n.¥. , Professor Charles Van doren ! -- the sponsor and kintner watch in the all - white apartment . kintner oo . fifty million people tuning in week after week just to watch a man win , what -- $ 10,000 ? imagine if they could watch you . the sponsor shoot he a wither look ... ( continued ) 56 57 51 . continued : ( 3 ) - spinning headline : Business section : ' geritol sale double in ' 56 's ( with a photo of the sponsor ) variety : ' barry / enright sell to NBC for $ 2 million ' cosmopolitan : ' charle van doren --brain , look and available 's Saturday Review : ' van doren : america's answer to sputnik 's life : ' the smartest man in the world 's CUT to : int . day . van doren home - - cornwall hollow , connecticut . worn chintz and Christmas decoration . dorothy darn sock . the Professor open the front door . smile . the professor if it be not ' the smartest man in the World 's . reverse '' angle it 's Charlie , strain to carry a huge carton ... dorothy Charlie ! what a surprise ! charlie hello , mother. ( to father ) since when do you read life Magazine ? the professor trill tell I about it . charlie since when do trill read life Magazine ? the professor I think he see it at the dector 's office . ( continued ) 57 continued : 52 . charlie I can not even eat dinner in a restaurant anymore . people follow I inside to discover what kind of ' brain food 's I eat . ( to dorothy ) mother , do you have a scissors or something ? she go to the kitchen to find a scissors ... charlie there 's a girl at NBC now whose sole job it be to answer my mail . this week alone I get fifty proposal of marriage . the professor well , maybe you should accept one of they . - dorothy oh , do not be a old fool . the professor well , why not ? he 's 33 year old . Jesus Christ have a girlfriend at dorothy return with the scissors , hand they to Charlie . he uset .. about. open . the.carton ... dorothy some gold - digger whose only qualification for marriage be a ability to lick a postage stamp . charlie I '' sure they nre all very nice girl . the professor ( glare at dorothy ) in that case , maybe I should appear on a quiz show . charlie the money , meanwhile - - no one know what to do with it . I mean , everyone know what to do with it . I be besiege stockbroker . stockbroker and single woman . ( continued ) 57 continued : $ 3. ( 2 ) the professor why do not you just put it in the bank ? charlie it 's not that simple . the professor that 's what I have always do with my prize money . charlie it 's just -- you do not understand dad , it get very complicated at this level -- there be all sort of tax implication : - the professor I think I can understand the concept of tax . charlie will you just listen to I , dad ? I be not sure that J understand it , and it 's my money . dorothy how much money be it , anyway ? the professor - Charlie , you be . talk to I like I be some sort of count bumpkin- - or some flibbertigibbet with he head in the cloud -- charlie well , you have to admit it 's not you strong suit . the professor believe I , if you have a practical bone in you body , it come from the Van doren . dorothy hat Charlie finish with the carton . turn to they . the side charlie ready ? voila ! of the carton fall down , revealing ( continued ) 57 54 . continued : ( 3 ) a brand - new television set like a jewel in a beautiful cabinet . the wood match the wood of the room . Charlie kneel to plug it in . turn it on . dorothy this be wonderful ! now we can watch you on that show of yours ! the professor we be suppose to watch it the other night at the thurber 's . dorothy even thurber have a television . and he 's blind . the professor somehow we get sidetracked onto something - or other . they all admire the tv. dorothy Charlie ... how much have you make on that show ? the professor this ceaseless fretting about money . ' how frugal be the - chariot / that hear the human soul 's . dorothy maybe you should take the frugal chariot to the supermarket and see what chop meat cost . the professor would you like a sherry , Charlie ? the Professor exit to the kitchen . dorothy it 's a simple question . charlie it 's not important . dorothy I be go to feel like a fool if it come up in conversation and I '' the only one who do not know . {continued} ss . 57 continued : ( 4 ) the Professor return , hand a sherry to Charlie . dorothy ( to Charlie ) well ? the professor well , what ? ( get it ) be you still on about the money ? charlie $ 106,000 . the Professor be dumbstruck -- more money than he 's earn in ten year . dorothy in that case , we could also use a dishwasher . the Professor shoot dorothy a scathing look . the phone ring ... dorothy move to the kitchen to answer it . the professor so , Charlie , what do you make of this latest nonsense of norman mailer 's ? dorothy {from inside ) ~ Professor , . it ’s.. someone for you from ' time Magazine . the professor time Magazine ? what could that be about ? on the television as the Professor reach for the knob , snap it off , CUT to : 58 int . later that week . NBC - - reception area . the cover of time with Charlie 's portrait and the caption , '' charle van doren , '' as the glossy smack rhythmically against someone 's knee ... a metronome of impatience ... ( continued ) 58 59 $ 6. continued : wider herbie among the hopeful in enright 's wait room . he wear a sharkskin suit and a loud necktie . contestant # 1 turn to contestant # 2 , nod toward herbie . contestant # 1 ( aside } be not that -- what 's he name ? the guy that lose to Van doren ? enright 's Secretary approach herbie . secretary Mr. enright will see you now . CUT to : int . day . enright 's office . herbie enter with the copy of time . herbie do you see this ? do you ? enright herb , you should nve call . herbie -.oread ) " he combine the erudition of a Renaissance man with the nerve of a riverboat gambler ...’ remember how he snubbe I after the show ? enright he do not snub you . herbie he refuse to even ride in the elevator with I ! ( resume ) ' he have become a '' friend " in 50 million home , whose weekly visit the whole family eagerly anticipate 's -- do you believe this shit ? enright that 's the press -- you know how they exaggerate . ( continued ) 59 continued : 57 . herbie that should be I on the cover of time ! Charles Van doren -- he would not know the answer to a doorbell if you do not give it to he . enright what do you want I to tell you , herb ? life be unfair . herbie life be unfair to I . life be not unfair to Charles Van doren . it 's like a joke . ' what do you give the man who have everything ? 's $ 106,000 . enright it 's not like I never put a dollar in you pocket . herbie I be a ' friend 's , too , in 50 million home . now I be a ' friend 's in a walkup in queen . ( beat ) besides , it 's go . enright what do you mean , it 's go ? the money 's go ? herbie I mean invest . it 's invest . it 's tie up . enright have you speak to you broker ? herbie he 's not a broker . he 's more of ...ah... a bookmaker . enright you give you money to a bookie ? herbie seed money . he 's down in Florida right now . accord to he it 's the next growth area . ( continued ) $ 9 58. continued : ( 2 ) . enright you invest you money with a bookie who have since leave the state . herbie the point be you promise I a panel show . enright I say I would do what I could . I put you name on a list . herbie I lose 12 pound , you know . do you tell they I lose 12 pound ? enright I submit a list of 45 name -- herbie what about this tie ? this be the kind of tie that look best in black - and - white , right ? enright well , it will certainly improve it . herbie twelve pound . that will make a big . difference on camera . enright herb , listen . I put you on a list . 45 name -- they reject three . you be one of they . herbie who be the other ? enright they turn out to be Communists . herbie out of 45 name they reject I and two Communists ? enright there 's 1ll be other show . herbie I need that money , Dan ! I need that panel show ! ( more ) ( continued ) 59 continued : 59 . ( 3 ) herbie ( cont have ) that big blond putz be on the cover of time and I can not even make the top fuck 42 for a fuck panel show ? enright let I give you the name of my analyst . have he send the bill to I . it might be helpful to have someone to talk to . herbie I will tell you who I be go to talk to . I be go to the d.a . and the newspaper . enright that would not be smart . herbie I have be smart 42 year and look where it 's get I -- I be go to be dumb for a change . I be gonna tell the world that ' 21 ° be nothing but a fraud . enright who be you blow the whistle on ? you get the answer yourself , ' herbie I be bring you down with I , you lousy lie prick -- you and Charles Van fuck doren . enright go ahead . you know what ? nobody will believe you . herbie you just become part of television history , pal . ( mimic announcer ) ' the fix be in -- this week on uaqee , enright and even if anybody do believe you , they would not give you the satisfaction . ( continued ) 60 . 59 continued : ( 4 ) herbie the cover of time --his mug shot x11 be on the cover of time ! herbie slam out of the office as freedman enter . enright sigh , rub he forehead . enright shit . freedman what happen ? dissolve tq : 60 int . morning . goodwin kitchen . goodwin read the New York Times . Sandra watch the today show . sandra ( of£ television ) look at the arm on this guy . the Senators could use this guy . on the television a angry Latin american demonstrator wind up , hurl a stone at the motorcade of vice President nixon and he wife . reporter ( v.0 . ) +.. the -demonstrator stone and spat on the nixon as they proceed via motorcade through Caracas ... now back to Dave garroway and the today show in New York . dave garroway , the jovial host , shake he head . he turn to he co-host , J. fred mugg . a chimpanzee . he squawks . garroway ( 0.c . ) that 's what I be think . can you imagine that kind of thing happen here ? goodwin turn back to he paper . a item catch he eye . the wheel start to spin ... goodwin . you know what a presentment be ? sandra it 's on the tip of my tongue . ( continued ) 60 61 61 . continued : goodwin it 's a formal statement from a grand jury . they make a presentment to announce publicly what the grand jury find out . sandra so ? goodwin so it do not make any sense that a judge would seal it . goodwin point to a small headline on a inside page . presentment sealed in tv network inquiry Sandra look at the article . '' sandra what do they find out ? goodwin that 's what I be say . what do they find out ? excite , he guip at he coffee . kiss he wife and run . goodwin do not wait up for I . Sandra look nat the paper . then up as the screen door slam . CUT to : int . day . new york supreme court . the messy democracy of a New York courtroom . a bailiff call the court to order . bailiff the Supreme Court of the State of New York be now in session . judge schweitzer , 5as , a grumpy clubhouse pol , look at the day 's docket ... redden with rage as goodwin stand . goodwin you honor , I represent the Subcommittee on legislative oversight of the -- ( continued ) 62 . 61 continued : . schweitzer do Herbert stempel send you ? goodwin Herbert stempel ? as I understand it , this case involve network television , which fall under the committee 's jurisdiction -- schweitzer you tell you friend stempel that that presentment lie in a deep cold grave , and the only way he 's go to get he hand on it be to join it there . now you get out of here , or I be go to hold you in contempt ! the judge nod to the burly bailiff , who head toward goodwin . goodwin gather he . papers , scramble out . CUT to : 62 int . later . kintnern office . kintner enter as he Secretary answer the phone . secretary it 's judge schweitzer . - kintner stop in he track . stare 's at the blink phone . cut to : 63 ext . morning . stempel home . goodwin ring the doorbell again . herbie answer . goodwin Mr. stempel ? my name be Richard goodwin , I be a lawyer with the Subcommittee on legislative oversight of the United States congress . herbie yeah ? goodwin do you recently testify before the grand jury ? ( continued ) 63 64 63. continued : herbie yeah ? goodwin well , I have like to talk to you about it . herbie blink . he can not believe it . herbie gee , uh . ha! finally ! finally ! come in . what 's you name , goodwin ? ocall inside } hey , Toby , get dress , willya ? there 's somebody here from Congress ! CUT to : int . later . herbien apartment . they enter the live room . Toby watch the tv . sound of herbie 's son lester drumming wildly inside . herbie i_ know it be just a matter of time . this be my wife , Toby . this be Mr. goodwin , he 's a . investigator from . the United States Congress . toby please to meet you . herbie Mrs. rubber crutch here think I should nve keep my mouth shut . toby 1957 and I still believe in miracle . she get up . head toward the kitchen .... herbie if you be not big enough to admit you be wrong , honey , who be . toby ( to goodwin ) you want a cup of coffee ? I already get a pot on . ( continued ) 64 . 64 continued : goodwin yes , please . she exit into the hallway . herbie ( after she ) and bring some rugalach -- if there be any leave . ( to goodwin} I love my wife , but it 's like live with a plague of locust . goodwin sit , open up a legal pad on he lap . . herbie do you talk to Van doren ? goodwin Charles Van doren ? herbie if Charles Van doren tell they what I tell they , you think this grand jury thing would be squash ? goodwin quashed . ... herbie quashed ? goodwin not squash . quashed . herbie not in a million year , quash , okay ? goodwin Charles Van doren also speak to the grand jury ? herbie of course not . him they would have to listen to . the man 's name be open , sesame . Toby return with a pot of coffee and a plate of rugulach . toby so , Mr. goodwin - - you gonna be able to help my husband ? ( continued ) 65 . 64 continued : ( 2 ) herbie have a rugalach . goodwin no , thank you . herbie come oni you do not look like you have a weight problem . ocall inside ) lester ! willya knock it off for ten minute ! ( with rugalach ) they do not have this in Washington . goodwin no , thank you . '' herbie it 's a jewish delicacy . you do not know what you be miss . goodwin I be quite familiar with rugalach , thank you . herbie realize that goodwin be jewish ... herbie oh , .really ? toby do herbie tell you he go to the newspaper ? not one would print he story . herbie be a voice alone in the wilderness , you know , that 's one thing . be a voice alone in Forest Hills , that 's quite another . toby seventeen newspaper in the City of New York . herbie if Charles Van doren go to the papers -- can you imagine the headline ? ' Van doren blow whistle on quiz fix '. ( continued ) 64 continued : 66 , ( 3 ) . goodwin wait a minute -- what do you mean , ' fix 's ? ; herbie fix . ( shouting ) lester ! toby do you play a musical instrument , Mr. goodwin ? herbie you be not suppose to ask he question . he 's here to ask I question . goodwin I just want to get this straight - - ' 21 ' be fix ? herbie you nre so naive . of course it 's fix ! it n's a fix , it 's all a fix . a set -up . goodwin that 's unbelievable . herbie do -- you think that : big blond putz would be on the show 13 week without somebody spoon - feed he the answer ? herbie tear into the rugalach . goodwin you be say Charles Van doren be give the answer in advance ? herbie : they make I take a dive -- do you know that ? ' marty 's . they tell I I have ' plateaue ' -- that the rating have ' plateaue 's . toby a sink ship and the rat stay . ( continued ) 67 . 64 continued : ( 4 ) herbie would they tell I to take a dive and not give he the answer ? it 's not logical . goodwin then it 's purely inferential . herbie there 's nothing inferential about it . you think they have give I the answer , who do not even need the answer , and not give the Big goy the answer ? goodwin they give you the answer ? surprised , Toby shoot he a look -- this be the first she 's hear of it . a awkward pause , fill with the sound of lester 's drum ... herbie would you please go inside and tell gene krupa to take five ? Toby get up , go inside . herbie resume . goodwin herb -- why would you admit that they give . you the answer ? herbie exactly . exactly . that 's the difference between I and Charles Van doren -- I admit it . I have my morality . goodwin I want the get this straight -- they make you take a dive after give you the answer . herbie I just want the money -- frankly , to get out from under the financial thumb , as it be , of my in - law . I do not put myself up to the world as the Crown Prince of Education . I do not parade myself on the cover of time . that 's why you have to nail hin . ( continued ) 64 65 68. continued : ( 5 ) . goodwin this be not mccarthyism . . herbie listen -- think about what mccarthyism do for mccarthy . goodwin I be not here to nail anyone . herbie I be just say -- do not make necessarily the mistake that I might have make in life . think about you career . you nail Van doren , kid , it all be bigger than sputnik . it ‘’d be like sputnik crash -- like a big blond sputnik crash right on he fuck ead . : ext . day . columbia campus . student greet Charlie as he stride across campus . a man in he element . then he notice goodwin follow he . start to hurry . look over he shoulder . still be follow ... .. goodwin Professor Van doren ! Charlie at a trot now ... goodwin run after he . charlie dash at a dead run across the quad . goodwin pick up the pursuit . charlie duck into the library , hustling through as student greet he . hide and seek behind a large card catalogue . goodwin hurry by . Charlie peek . sneak down a hallway . stop at the elevator . pound on the button as he look around furtively . charlie darn . goodwin look around . backtrack down the stair . {continued ) 65 69 . continued : turn the corner see Charlie , hide he face with he newspaper , press urgently on the elevator button . run up to he . goodwin Professor Van doren ! Excuse I -- my name be Richard goodwin . I 'ma lawyer with -- charlie oh. thank God ! Excuse I -- I think you be a stockbroker . goodwin a lawyer 's bad enough . Professor -- charlie nobody without acne get to call I Professor . call I Charlie . goodwin do you have a minute ? charlie sure . we can go up to my office , if this elevator ever get here . Charlie punch the button again . . charlie you krow , ' you look like - someone I know . now be not that funny ? I have forget he name . goodwin my mother say I look like tony curtis . charlie no , that 's not it ... the elevator arrive . Charlie gesture for goodwin to enter first . then suddenly stop he . charlie stempel ! remember he ? that 's who you look like -- Herbert stempel ! CUT to : 70. int . later . low library . they move up the hallway past a sign hand - scrawle by student : '' this way to world' smartest man " charlie --- I almost become a lawyer . but there 's only nine seat on the Supreme Court , after all , and -- where have you go to law school ? Charlie unlock he office , gesture for goodwin to enter . goodwin Harvard . I be first in my class . charlie good for you . do you know Professor byse at all ? -goodwin he teach I contract . charlie he teach I my backhand . that 's he up there with dad and Roosevelt . goodwin inspect the memorabilia on the mantle : Mark Van doren with clack byse and FDR . Mark Van doren and hemingway . the National Book Award . the pulitzer Prize . charlie so , you must be happy to flee we Nation 's Capital . goodwin then you have spend some time there . charlie Washington ? Washington 's a town where for excitement they go to Baltimore . goodwin let I ask you -- have you hear anything about this allegation that ' 21 's be rig ? charlie rigged ? goodwin fix . ( continued ) 66 continued : 71 . charlie what a odd idea ... I do not even know how you would go about it . goodwin so you have never notice anything suspect about the show ? charlie its popularity be , I suppose , suspect , goodwin Herbert stempel say that during he reign on ' 21 ° he be give the answer . charlie Herbert stempel ? I no have think they get the answer from he . goodwin he also say he be make to take a dive in he contest with you . charlie I no hate to think I win anything but fairly . goodwin you have never be ask to do anything improper ? charlie oh , Lord , no . goodwin because if you be , you know , they would just be use you for you name . you have be a victim as much as anyone . charlie frankly , I wish they would . I 'a love to take a dive and get back to normal life . the door open and the Professor enter . the professor oh. hello , Charlie . be I interrupt ? ( continued ) 66 continued : 72 , {2 ) charlie Dick , this be my father , Mark van doren . this be Dick goldwyn . goodwin goodwin . it 's a honer , sir . the professor goodwin -- what a wonderful name ! ' good . 's ' win '. all of America be in that name , charlie do you happen to see the show last night ? the professor it be on last night ? I be sorry , Charlie , I -- charlie it 's nothing , it 's just -- there be a question about hawthorne . i think you would get a kick out of it . the professor I completely forget . goodwin get up to leave . hand Charlie a card . " goodwin I be at the gramercy Park - - you can reach I there till Tuesday . Charlie walk goodwin to the door . charlie be you a card player , Dick ? we have a regular game Saturday night , we be look for someone to fill in . goodwin i_do not know that I be a card player . I have play card before . charlie the address be -- actually , why do not we drive up together ? I will pick you up around 7:30 . ( continued ) 66 67 73. continued : ( 3 ) . the professor Dick , if you lock around the table and can not tell who the sucker be -- it 's you . they all share a big laugh . CUT to : ext . day . STREET . Charlie talk on a pay phone on Broadway , tear at he hair and look around furtively . charlie ++- I simply can not have this . he be question I ! '' enright { 0.c . ) calm down . his wife probably want a autograph . charlie Congress investigate Communists . Congress investigate mobster . that be not we people . enright ( 0.c. ) look on the bright side -- you will '' -- be.on national television . ( beat ) that 's a joke , Charlie . charlie you give Herbert stempel the answer ? you never tell I that ! enright ( 0.c. } it never come up . charlie ( 0.c . ) you say I could never beat he without get the answer . enright ( 0.c . ) i_ say you would advance the cause of education . be I right ? charlie { 0.c . ) why be he do this ? he 's only implicate himself ! ( continued ) 67 74 . continued : a passerby recognize Charlie . point at he . passerby hey ! it 's Charles Van doren ! Charlie try to hide in the phone booth . enright ( 0.c. ) think about the future . do you know hew many call I get from the network about you ? charlie you do not understand . I have a name . enright {( o.c . ) that 's what I be tell you . charlie I be Charles van doren . on the passerby as other crowd around he , stop to gawk . passerby look -- Charles Van doren ! hey , - Professor -- you call information ? ' he 's call 411 for information . back on - - charlie as he struggle . flashes a phony smile to the gawker . enright ( 0.c . ) I have something that 's gonna make herbie go away . I guarantee it . just do not say anything . charlie ( flustered ) I have to -- I have to go . enright ( 0.c . ) do you say anything ? charlie Goodbye . yes. no. Goodbye . ( continued ) 67 68 69 75 , continued : ( 2 ) Charlie hang up . turn . the crowd start to cheer . Charlie smile a phony smile , hurrie from the applause ... CUT to : int . night . HOTEL --front desk . the concierge hand goodwin he key and a note . concierge good night , Mr. goodwin . goodwin open the note . the letterhead , charle van doren . scrawle beneath : it be a pleasure to meet you . -- cvd from the shadow a waiting man emerge ... goodwin look up . waiting man you goodwin ? goodwin yeah ? the wait man wheel a camera to he eye . aim . flash ! CUT to : int . night . HOTEL . goodwin smoke a cigar in bed , cradle the phone on he shoulder . Sandra do the crossword at home in georgetown . goodwin what if I tell you ' 21° be vigge ? sandra ' 21 's be like wrestle ? goodwin that 's what that grand jury be about . Herbert stempel admit that they give he the answer in advance . ( continued ) 69 76 , continued : sandra that 's unbelievable . goodwin and when they want he to lose , they make he take a dive . sandra what about Van doren ? goodwin I meet he today . him and he father . it turn out -- sandra do you ask he if he 's get the answer ? goodwin o£ course I ask he . you be not listen . sandra I be sorry . goodwin it turn out Clark byse be a old family friend . sandra - who ? goodwin my old contract professor at Harvard . sandra it do not make sense that you would make one guy take a dive and not give the other guy the answer . goodwin you sound like stempel . sandra . what make you think van doren do not get the answer ? goodwin Sandra -- why would somebody like Charles Van doren jeopardize everything he have for a quiz show ? ( continued ) 69 70 77 . continued : ( 2 ) sandra that good -look guy be always bullshit artist . goodwin do you have any idea what I be onto here ? I be go after some of the biggest institution in the country ! I , Dick goodwin -- the former bard of the Fayetteville kiwanis - - sandra you smoking in the bed ? goodwin draw deep . grin ear to ear . goodwin I be have the time of my life . CUT to : int . night . stempel apartment . herbie brushes he tooth in the bathroom . Inside , Toby turn down the bed . toby you never tell I you get the nanswer , . herb . herbie of course they give I the answer . I mean , not very many answer . I be sure I mention it . toby it 's not a thing you ' mention 's . what else do you do that you do not ' mention 's ? herbie what , be you gonna start on I , too ? the man come here , he sit in we kitchen and he say , ' how would you like to make $ 25,000 's ? I do not know any man in America who would turn that down . toby that 's not the point . herbie enter the bedroom , brandish he toothbrush . ( continued ) 70 71 72 78. continued : herbie let I tell you about honest . you know what my father use to tell I ? ' work hard and you will get ahead 's . be that honest ? look at geritol - -' geritol cure tired blood 's -- and I be the one who 's suppose the be ashamed . toby you never say you be get the answer . herbie let they believe whatever they want . what do I care ? what do I care if a bunch of sap -- toby ( right back ) I be one of the sap , Herbert . close on herbie for the first time , he realize what he do to he wife . CUT to : int . morning . " 21 " set . the set be - dark . goodwin climb ' into - a ctsolation booth . put on a set of headphone . look out through the plexiglas , out at the empty seat , the podium where Barry stand ... goodwin well , gee , Jack . hmmm . ty cobb , for starter . ( beat ) would honus wagner be the next ? ( beat ) most base hit ... something make I want to say tris speaker -- a NBC page knock at the door , startling goodwin . NBC page Mr. enright will see you now . CUT to : int . day . enright 's office . goodwin enter . a angry enright confront he . ( continued ) 72 79 , continued : . enright do you see the paper this morning ? he hand he the Daily News . a large photograph of goodwin- - snap last night at the hotel -- beneath the headline : congress probe quiz fix enright I will not have my show -- what we have accomplish for the cause of education -- slander like this in the tabloid . goodwin I assure you , I have nothing to do with this . ' enright fix ? the question on ' 21 's be certified by the encyclopedia britannica ! they nre keep under lock and key in a bank vault ! goodwin notwithstand the bank vault , Mr. enright , Herbert stempel swear the show be rig . . enright it would take a real individualist to believe herb stempel . do he have any concrete evidence ? do it make any sense that a man would implicate himself like this ? goodwin well , I have only just -- enright it 's not even logical . do you know how the show work ? if I make he take a dive , I would have to give the answer to Charles Van doren . goodwin not necessarily . enright Charles Van dorent with he background ? I think if you even suggest a scheme like that he have punch you in the nose . {continued } 72 continued : 80 . ( 2 ) goodwin with my nose he could hardly miss . enright Mr. goodwin , I would rather not share this with anyone , but it seem like there 's no other way . a tape recorder sit on the coffee table . enright hit " play " , herbie ( 0.c . ) I need that money , dant I need that panel show ! that big blond putz 1s on the cover of time and I can not even make the top fuck 42 for a fuck panel show ? '' enright ( 0.c . ) I think it 's important that you see a analyst , herb , for the - intensive psychiatric care we both know you need . herbie ( 0.c. ) I be go to the d.a . and the newspaper . I be gonna tell the world that ' 21 's be nothing but a fraud . '' enright { 0.c . ) this be a crude blackmail attempt that will never succeed . you know that I have always be scrupulously honest with you . . herbie ( 0.c. ) I be bring you down with I , you lousy lie prick -- you and Charles Van fuck doren . enright stop the tape . shake he head ... goodwin I do not understand - - he need money ? enright gambling . and that 's the least of it . I trust you will keep this between we -- give herb 's medical condition ... ( continued ) 81 . 72 > continued : ( 3 ) ; goodwin Medical condition ? enright go to he desk . open the top drawer , return with a sheaf of bill . goodwin examine they . enright I have be pay he psychiatrist 's bill . a man like herb , no longer in the public eye -- television ' 's like a monkey on he back . needless to say , I feel responsible . goodwin five session a week ? enright well , it 's not so bad that he need to be institutionalized ... enright usher goodwin to the door . enright my theory , Dick , be that herb be so angry with himself for lose , so guilt-ridd , that he have project that enormous guilt onto the person of Charles Van doren -- blame he for he - downfall . whereas the real ~- downfall of : Herbert : stempel have always be , regrettably ... Herbert stempel . goodwin do you worry about Van doren ? someday when he 's not in the public eye -- enright he 's far less neurotic than herbie , 73 int . day . psychiatrist 's office . a analyst sit in a cool , dimly - light room . Charlie lie on the couch alongside he . ( continued ) 73 74 75 82. continued : charlie --: I keep have this dream . I open up my billfold , and there 's a $ 20 bill there . and I take it out , and close the billfold , and when I open the billfold again , there 's another $ 20 bill . and it 's pleasurable at first . but then T want it to stop , and I can not . do you have any idea what that might mean ? ( a long beat } you sound just like my father . CUT to : ext . evening . stempel apartment . goodwin ring the bell . Toby answer , worry on she brow . goodwin hello . be herb around ? ( reacting ) what 's the matter ? lester emerge from the shadow . with a vivid black eye . CUT to : ext . evening . forest hill . herbie rage outside a neighbor 's home . a crowd gather around he . herbie come on , you son of a bitch ! take responsibility for you degenerate son . the neighbor , a brute in a undershirt , appear at the upstairs window . scratch under he arm . neighbor Drop dead . he slam the window shut . herbie ' Drop dead 's . that 's very . articulate . ( gesture ) darwin disprove , lady and gentleman ! the window open . the neighbor lean out . ( continued ) 83 . 75 continued : neighbor ( sneering ) ' marty 's ! ' marty 's ! goodwin fight through the crowd . herbie hustle up to the doorbell . leans on it . hustle back down and resume he siege . herbie you think you can just move into this neighborhood and launch a pogrom ? gcodwin herb , what happen ? herbie what ? nsee goodwin ) hey ! you know who 's here ? the United States Congress be here ! goodwin would you tell I what happen ? herbie get up there . subpoena he , that son of a bitch . herbie shove goodwin toward the door . '' ~o the window '' open and the neighbor emerge again . herbie say hello to the United States Congress , pytz . neighbor listen , asshole , you have -- he toupee as it fall off , land softly . herbie run , grab it . herbie rapunzel ! neighbor leave that alone ! herbie come down and get it . ( continued ) 75 84 . continued : ( 2 ) herbie plant the toupee firmly on he own head . the neighbor disappear from the window ... head down ... herbie turn to goodwin . herbie wait will he discover the wrath of the american people as deliver by they elect vepresentative . goodwin what happen to lester ? herbie do you see ? do you see what he son do to my son ? the door open and the neighbor emerge . neighbor gimme it back . herbie his son call my son a kike , okay ? I do not have to take that . in my own neighborhood ? * neighbor my son take it back . I be call you a kike . herbie a kike ? you who could not spell kike be call I kike ? neighbor I call and be call you kike . herbie {to goodwin ) go ahead . subpoena he . goodwin will you please stop ? herbie subpoena he ! go ahead ! ( continued ) 75 76 gs . continued : ( 3 ) herbie shove goodwin toward the neighber . the neighbor shove he back . goodwin stagger , regains he balance . the neighbor grab at the toupee . a tug of war ... herbie . do you know whe this be ? neighbor another fuck kike . goodwin rear ... ball he fist ... smack the neighbor the neighbor stagger back ... then volley back with a leave hook ... herbie jump he . other jump in ... a melee int . night . stempel apartment - - kitchen . morose , goodwin hold a icebag on he head . elate , herbie hold a steak on he eye . herbie that be some shot you give he . I can even forgive you for not give he the subpoena . goodwin ( ironic ) I be glad I could help out . herbie do you see that one I give he ? that hook ? goodwin I may have miss it . herbie you think he have maybe some ringing in he ear ? he 'il be answer the phone for a week . ( gesture ) ' hello ? 's ' hello ? 's guy like you and I -- he 's never see guy like you and I . goodwin herb ... I speak to Dan enright . ( continued ) 76 continued : 86 . herbie that 's a big waste of time . when be you gonna talk to Van doren ? you owe I , you know . who do you think tip the Daily News ? goodwin start to say something . decide against it . herbie enright -- what , do he play that tape for you ? he try to scare I off with that , that prick . listen to I -- like I be shocked . if the man have one ounce of ethic they no throw he out of the producer 's union . goodwin he imply that he might leak it to the press . herbie that have be just like he -- to wait till I be forget and then smear I back into the public eye . goodwin be there anyone who can corroborate you story ? any concrete evidence ? '' herbie just talk to Van doren . wasp -- they can not even help it , they nre congenital liar . ask Van doren what day it be and he will lie to you just for practice . goodwin this be not about Van doren , herb . herbie you think it be not , but it be . trust I . go. enough with the ice . go up to Columbia - - I be sure he 's there right now . gol herbie grab the ice bag out of goodwin 's hand , throw it in the sink . pull he by the shirt up out of he chair . goodwin blows . knock herbie 's hand away . goodwin cut it out ! stop. just stop . ( continued ) 76 77 continued : 87 . ( 2 ) herbie do not think I do not see what your do . you be go to uuild this great case -- against I . a pile of evidence , a army of witness - - yes , indeed , herb stempel get the answer . and meanwhile you and Van doren be off give each other the secret ivy League handshake . goodwin you do not say that thing ? herbie I fall for the same bullshit , okay ? I think I have some stake in the system . goodwin he 's not pay you psychiatrist 's bill ? herbie wait a minute - - who do you believe here ? goodwin I believe you , herb . but frankly , you be a lousy witness . herbie , deflate , ' look ' out ' the - window ... int . day . herbie it 's gonna change , you know . magnetism . what 's attractive . what 's sexy . what 's ' in 's . you think I be wrong ? I be never wrong -- that 's my curse . every movie , every Magazine , it 's gonna be short , annoying jewish guy with big nose and a lot of hair on they back . and italian . you think I be kid ? guy like you and I -- we be just ahead of we time . CUT to : nec . freedman hand Charlie a manila envelope with the answer . ( continued ) 77 78 88. continued : freedman here you go , Professor . charlie I be think , Al -- if it 's okay -- I be think that I would prefer it from now on if you just give I the question . and then I could look up the answer on my own . freedman just give you the question . charlie then I look up the answer myself . it 's , do not you think -- well , less egregious ? freedman take the envelope back . freedman take the word right out of my mouth . CUT to : int . later . hallway - - NBC . - Charlie head down the hall . run into goodwin.a he emerge erom a '' storage room , he arm laden with box - - fill with kinescope and file . two janitor follow with more box . Ie oh , hi , Dick . goodwin Charlie . ( off box ) nothing like a subpoena . goodwin continue down the hall . Charlie brood a beat . charlie ( after he ) hey ! see you tomorrow ! 19 80 89 . int . later . HOTEL room . goodwin watch a kinescope on the wall . a old " 21 " episode . a 16mm projector whir on a table . file box and film can pile around the room . goodwin they want I to think herbie 's crazy . he 's no more crazy than my uncle harold . sandra you uncle harold 's crazy , Dick . he make a pass at I at we wedding . goodwin then why be it ? why be it I still believe he ? sandra I know what you mother would say . goodwin what ? sandra you take after you uncle harold . CUT to : int . later . HOTEL room . a tired goodwin box a kinescope . thread a new one through the projector . snap it on . on the wall as the projector clickety - clack and goodwin adjust the focus -- stempel face jame snodgrass , a greenwich Village artist in he late 20 . Barry introduce he . barry ( 0.c . ) and James snodgrass -- you be a artist by profession ? snodgrass ( 0.c . ) that 's right , Jack . a painter . barry ( 0.c. ) well , fellow -- what do you say ? let ' 's play ' 21 ° ! ( continued ) 80 90 . continued : back on - - goodwin as he pour himself a cup of coffee . box of file stack around the room . on the wall as Barry launch into he first question . barry ( 0.c . ) Jim , I nil read you line from four of America 's great poet , first , ' I hear America sing -- the very carol I hear 's . snodgrass ( 0.c . ) that would be Walt Whitman . barry ( 0.c . ) that 's right . second : ' I shot a arrow in the air ... ' goodwin watch rub he tired eye . pour himself more coffee . barry ( 0.c . ) finally , ' hope be the thing with feather -- that perches in the soul 's . snodgrass ( 0.c . ) ' hope be the thing with feather -- that perches in the soul 's . barry ( 0.c. ) would you like more time ? snodgrass ( 0.c. ) no. that 's Emily dickinson . barry ( 0.c. ) I be --. ( doubletake ) Emily dickinson ? snodgrass ( 0.c . ) she 's one of my favorite poet . angle on - - goodwin as he see the doubletake . sit up and take notice . ( continued ) 80 81 91 . continued : ( 2 ) barry ( 0.c . ) Ho ! well , yes ! all right , Jim - - you could not get off to a better start -- goodwin fumble with the projector . rewind the film . on the wall ; __ , snodgrass ( 0.c.} Emily dickinson . barry ( 0.c. ) I '' - -. ( doubletake ) Emily dickinson ? back on - - goodwin excite now , he rewind the film again . on the wall barry ( 0.c , ) I '' - -. ( doubletake ) Emily dickinson ? snodgrass ( 0.c . ) she 's one of my favorite poet . goodwin grab the phone . dial '' information '' . goodwin I need a address for a James snodgrass . try greenwich Village . barry ( 0.c . ) ho! well. yes ! all right , Jim - - you be off to a veritable fly start , and we will get back to you after this word about another of we fine product . CUT to : int . the next evening . car , goodwin and Charlie zoom up Park Avenue , top down , hair whipping in the summer wind . {continued} al 82 92 . continued : charlie guy like you and I , Dick - - the way american society be today -- it 's so hard to find a way to stand out . nothing seem to be enough . the irony be , I sometimes think a volume of keat and a room full of freshmen be all I really need . Charlie drive a beat . then turn the goodwin with a smile . charlie so what do you think of the car ? wider revealing Charlie 's brand - new red mercede 190 - - the one goodwin see earlier . a traffic light turn red as Charlie blast through it ... : CUT to : int . night . park avenue apartment . cash as it 's throw into the middle of a table . a thunderhead of tobacco smoke . goodwin Plays seven -card stud with Charlie and four well - breed wasp buddy : fred , gene , jack , and trey . gene «.. fold . trey fold . goodwin ( to Trey ) Nice home you have here . Ie ( aside ) we do not say ' home 's -- we say ' house 's . Bet five . goodwin raise a dollar . ( continued ) 82 $ 3. continued : charlie you have better watch out , Fred . Dick 's one of the brightest young lawyer down in Washington . fred great . all my money already go to Washington . jack I be out . fred tax -- it 's nothing but organize theft . goodwin ocorrect he ) property . fred what ? goodwin " property be theft 's -- I believe that 's the iscus classicus . from proudhon . charlie {to Fred ) I warn you . gene great . another one . the betting conclude ... . Jack @eal the next round ... jack ( look at card ) what nre you work on there , Charlie ? Charlie look at he card , smile . charlie raise five dollar . goodwin and Charlie lock gaze . goodwin throw in another five Fred think , throw in another five . fred I would love to know what you have under there , Charlie . ( continued ) 82 34 . continued : ( 2 ) Jack deal another round ... charlie the truth have its price . fred everything have its price . trey so where would you prep , Dick ? silence . they all look at goodwin . he stammer ... charlie Dick 's up here on a witchhunt . he think ' 21 's be fix , and I be get the answer beforehand . _ goodwin be you ? everyone start to laugh . gene try he . trey ( mimic Charlie ) I will take nine , nine point . gene name the first five vice president , charlie let 's see . John Adams , Thomas jefferson , Aaron burr , George Clinton , and elbridge Gerry . gene which face card be in profile ? without look . Ie charl . | Jack of spade . King of diamond . and Jack of heart . trey who 's the King of Belgium ? fred Joseph Belgium . ( continued ) 82 continued : ( 3 ) charlie it 's baudouin , King baudouin . gene bo who ? charlie b-a-u-d-o-u-i-n. goodwin the night lincoln be shot - - who be the doctor at he deathb , who embalm he , and who be the detective on the case ? jack could we have a card game here ? it 's bad enough my wife make I watch this bullshit . charlie the detective be clarvoe , John Alexander clarvoe ... James Hall be the doctor . and he be embalm -- who embalm he ? cattell , Henry or Harry -- Henry cattell embalm he . fred and then he get murder with estate tax . gene I be impressed . you be not impressed ? Charlie smile at goodwin . take out he wallet . pull out a fifty - dollar bill . slide it onto the table . fred ( fold ) now I be impressed . gene go ahead , Dick - - call he . goedwin leok at Charlie . look at the fifty . . Ie what do you say , Dick ? goodwin think a beat . fold up he card . ( continued ) 96 . a2 continued : ( 4 ) . gocdwin too rich for my blood . jack try geritol , ; trey sandwich time . everyone head to the kitchen , leave goodwin and Charlie . Fred slap goodwin on the back . fred ( to goodwin ) ' property be theft 's - - maybe we should investigate you . Charlie smile enigmatically as he rake in the money ... goodwin look Charlie in the eye . " goodwin I know you be lie . charlie ' bluff 's , Dick - - the term be ' bluff 's . goodwin Charlie ... I know you be lie . they exchange a long look . charlie I be sorry you feel that way , Dick . CUT to : 83 int . night . HOTEL . goodwin talk on the phone to Sandra . goodwin I hope you nre satisfied . sandra I think you have something . . goodwin he know I have something , and he still deny it . now what do that tell you ? ( continued ) 83 84 85 97 . continued : what ? sandra goodwin stempel aot the answer because be try to create Van doren . then they get the real van doren . stempel be frankenstein . . sandra it just do not make any sense . goodwin that 's the last poker game I get invite to . CUT to : ext . later that week . rca build . the frantic audience throng toward the door , hold by struggle usher . goodwin fight toward the door ... usher # 1 the hell with it -- let ‘em in . the usher drop the rope ... the crowd surge forward , carry goodwin along ... CUT to : int . same time . " 21 " set . a atmosphere electric with anticipation . technician adjust light , test microphone . the orchestra tune up . vivienne nearing , 30 , the attractive challenger , sit nervously tear a kleenex . Barry approach . barry Mrs. near ? I be Jack Barry . welcome aboard . she jump up . the piece of kleenex scatter . Barry kneel to pick they up . a make - up artist approach Mrs. near . . make - up artist you be a little shiny on the monitor , mar ‘am . ( continued ) 85 86 98 . continued : while the make - up artist dab with a powder puff , Barry look up Mrs. near 's skirt . CUT to : int . same time . control room . appall , enright watch Barry on the monitor . Charlie pace . freedman lean back on a swivel chair . freedman +-- he 's bluff . charlie ' I know you be lie ' . that be he word . freedman I grow up ’with guy like he . he 's a poodzh . charlie he may be a noodzh , but he be also first in he class at Harvard Law School , freedman dismiss this with a masturbate gesture . charlie will you please stop that ? enright Charlie , you have to look at this analytically . we know he 's speak to stempel . at best he 's find another contestant who 's tell he a similar story . charlie how many people do you give the answer to ? enright that 's not the point . charlie I want to know . do anybody play this : game straight ? enright we have 37 contestant who swore they innocence to the grand jury . ( more ) ( continued ) 86 continued : 39 , enright ( cont would ) if they change that story , they have go to jail for perjury . charlie maybe I should just tell the truth . enright you will set back education in this country 50 year ! do you want that blood on you hand ? charlie I just have no idea it would go this far . enright Charlie , the only people who can implicate you directly be all in this room . think about that . freedman thank you , dan. ( to Charlie ) you think that noodzh be gonna get I to talk ? charlie no . I suppose you be right . freedman they could kill I , I would not talk . they could submit I to any kind of torture ...ah...ah ... charlie ( helpfully ) the rack . freedman they could put I on the rack . charlie the Iron maiden , freedman whatever . . charlie the bastinado . the . boil in oil . running the gauntlet ... ( continued ) 100 . 86 continued : ( 2 ) freedman I be not tell they a fuck thing . correct I , Dan , if I be wrong . enright you nre Charles Van doren . remember that . it 's they word against yours . freedman they take a vote in this country -- they have put you on the dollar bill . charlie oh great . enright there 's no concrete evidence . no tape . nothing in write . freedman plus what do you do wrong ? everybody know the magician do not see the lady in half . charlie it 's hardly the same thing . freedman it 's entertainment . charlie it be a college professor ! a knock , and a NBC page enter . NBC page they need the professor in makeup . CUT to : 87 int . later . bar . herbie watch ' 21 ' with two barflies . . announcer ( 0.c. ) +.. return with $ 143,000 , from New York City , Charles Van doren ! ( continued ) 89 90 102 . int. same time , ' 21 ° ser . Barry ask the first question . barry ( read ) at the same time as the attack on Pearl Harbor , the japanese also attack this three Pacific Islands . name they . mrs . nearing midway , wake , and guam . barry correct for eight point ! in the control room freedman triggers the '' applause '' sign . a NBC page usher goodwin inside . '' NBC page Mr. enright ? enright can not this wait ? goodwin I do not think so . enright give he headphone to freedman . lead goodwin out . CUT to : int . night . van doren home - - cornwall . dorothy wring she hand beside she bored husband . barry ( 0.c . ) -.- the p - 40 , the p - 47 , the p - S1 , the B - 24 , the B - 25 and the B - 26 . give I the nickname that the Air Force give to this plane . dorothy why , that 's much harder than the question they ask that woman -- and hers be ten point . do you know the name of that plane ? the professor of course not . ( continued ) 103 . 30 continued : dorothy who would know the name of that plane ? he 's not the Secretary of Defense . CUT to : 91 int . same time . enright 's office . enright gesture to a seat , close the door . enright Mr. goodwin , you be a very disruptive young man . goodwin do you remember James snodgrass ? he be a contestant on you show . " enright a bohemian type , be not he ? Al dig this people up . I do not know where he find they . goodwin ' hope be the thing with feather - that perches in the soul - - ' ? enright thanks for the fortune -- where 's the cookie ? goodwin that 's the first line of a poem by Emily dickinson . you tell James snodgrass to identify the author , incorrectly , as Ralph waldo emerson . enright Mr. goodwin-- between herb and now the raving of this greenwich Village beatnik : - goodwin he ' 's a beatnik ? why ? because he 's not Charles van doren ? enright you be damn right he 's not Charles Van doren . {more ) ( continued ) 101 . 87 continued : barfly # 1 I get one for you . name the guy that lose to van doren . barfly # 2 gee . I do not remember . who the hell be thac ? on the television as the show begin ... barry ( 0.c. ) well , Charlie , what do you think of Mrs. near ? charlie ( 0.c . ) she 's quite terrifying . 's barry ( 0.c. ) quite a bean inside that pretty head , huh ? back on - - herbie as he start to thrill ... herbie ( to himself ) goodwin get something . he 's take a dive . herbie hustle to a phone booth in back . dial . herbie {to phone ) I have a bet for you . CUT to : 88 int . same time . ' 21 ° set . freedman and enright watch Charlie on the monitor . freedman you do not think Charlie have -- you do not think he would blow the whole thing , do you ? get garroway . CUT to : 104 , 91 continued : enright ( cont would ) ( resume ) without a single shrea of concrete evidence -- this unsubstantiated crackpot allegation -- goodwin reach into he jacket pocket . pull we a envelope goodwin Inside this envelope be all the question James snodgrass be ask on ' 21 's . what 's odd be that he appear on the show on May 13th . and he mail this letter to himself on May llth . registered mail . now I have say that 's pretty goddam concrete . enright draw on he cigarette . enright I do not suppose you would be interested in you own panel show . goodwin get up . move to the door . goodwin think about testify against the network . enright what about Van doren ? you de not have anything on van doren . goodwin it 's over , Dan . enright never underestimate the american public . CUT to : 92 int . later . ' 21 ° set . Barry talk to camera . barry _-- as we enter we final round , Mrs. ( more ) ( continued ) 92 continued : barry ( cont have ) near lead by a score of 20 of 16 . it be the moment of truth , as it be , for Professor Charles Van doren ... in the isolation booth Charlie alone with the sound of he own breathe , he pulse loud in he ear ... back on - - barry as he continue ... barry ( 0.c. ) -+. after a record -break 14 week ... inside the booth Charlie look out from he plexiglas cage . his watch ticking ... his heart pound louder ... wham ! wham ! wham ! back on - - barry as he hit a button ... barry Mrs. near ? mrs . nearing yes ? . barry we be go to let you listen in on this last round . inside the booth as the noise in Charlie 's head crescendoe , breath roaring , he heartbeat like tympani ... the intercom crackle on . barry the category be royalty . charlie royalty . well , let 's see . I will take five , five point . that would get I to 21 . in the balcony goodwin arrive . take he seat in the audience ... ( continued ) 92 continued : 106 , {2 ) barry ( read ) name the king of the follow country : Norway , Sweden , Belgium , and Iraq . charlie could I take the third part last ? mrs . nearing listen nervously in she booth ... 93 int . same charlie Norway , that would be haakon , King haakon . barry that 's right . " charlie Sweden -- that 's gustavus . barry the King of Iraq ? charlie I believe that 's he grandfather who 's portray in that wonderful book , ' the Seven pillar of wisdom '. ( beat ) faisal ! King faisal . barry and Belgium ? CUT to : time . across the country . family crowd anxiously around the tv ... nun tug at they rosary .. 94 int . same people on CUT to : time . movie theater . the ‘edge of they seat ... 95 96 97 98 99 107 . int . same time . park avenue . Charlie 's buddy and they wife , freeze in anticipation . CUT to : int . same time . goodwin home . Sandra eat chinese food on the bed . lift a shrimp to she mouth with she chopstick , she freeze ... CUT to : ext . same time . official build a sign read : '' consulate of belgium " inside the staff of the belgian consulate crowd around a small tv ... charlie ( 0.c. ) Belgium ... Belgium ... int . night . control room . a pensive enright return . freedman stare at the monitor . charlie ( 0.c . ) it seem like a easy one ... barry ( 0.c. ) would you like more time ? charlie ( 0.c . ) if I could , please . freedman that son of a bitch -- he 's gonna dump it . the '' suspense " music build ... int . night . sponsor 's S apartment . the sponsor and kintner look at each other ... CUT to : 100 201 102 103 108 . int . same time . bar . herbie watch at the bar , edgy ... CUT to : int . night . ' 21 ° ser , Charlie tuck inside himself ... look up . goodwin watch from the balcony ... charlie Leopold ? barry no. I be sorry . it 's baudouin , King baudouin . the audience gasp . Charlie fold -- like he 's be gutshot .. close on - - charlie he face turn away from the audience . as he smile . close on - - goodwin now he know ... CUT to : int . same time . sponsor nos home . the sponsor turn to kintner . sponsor how the hell do that happen ? CUT to : int . same time . park avenue apartment . Trey turn to the other . trey how could he miss that ? remember ? I ask he that the other night -- at the poker game . CUT to : 104 int . same time . van doren home . barry ( 0.c. ) Mrs. near , you be we new champion with $ 8,000 ! dorothy , crestfallen , turn off the tv. turn to the Professor . who 's sound asleep . she nudge he awake the professor what ? what happen ? dorothy Charlie lose . the professor oh. ( beat ) what be the question ? dorothy who 's the King of Belgium . the Professor get ‘up . the professor who care who the King of Belgium be besides the Queen of Belgium ? dorothy that be not the point . the professor some overbre bore with a hapsburg lip . you want a glass of milk ? dorothy Mark Van doren - - the professor mother , please -- it 's a quiz show . it 's not as if it be something that really matter . CUT to : 105 int . same time . ' 21 's set . as Mrs. near and Charlie approach the lectern , Barry notice someone in the audience . . barry Ho ! who be that over there in we studio audience ? ( continued ) 105 110 . continued : a spotlight sweep over the audience . land on dave garroway . barry be that Dave garroway ? Dave garroway of the NBC today show , lady and gentleman ! Charlie , puzzle , look out toward the audience . the applause sign spur a cheer as garroway bounce up onto the stage ... shake hand with Barry and Charlie ... garroway Charlie -- i'1l admit this have all happen rather suddenly , but -- you nve become like a friend , a wonderful visitor to million of home all across America . charlie thank you , Dave . I just think I be go to enjoy some peace and quiet now , and a chance to get back to my book - - garroway we at the NBC today show would like you to be we special cultural correspondent - - we ambassador from the land of culture and learn to the people and the schoolchild of America ... charlie . well , I hope you be not fire the monkey . garroway -+- at a salary of $ 50,000 a year . he take out a contract with a flourish . Charlie gape at it . from the balcony goodwin ( mutter ) . turn it down -- you do not need it . ( continued ) 105 continued : ( 2 ) back on - - charlie garroway it 's the world 's biggest classroom , Professor . just sign on the dot line . garroway hand Charlie a pen . Charlie take it . and sign . CUT to : 106 int . same time . bookie joint . the bookie , tough , 40s , count out a stack of bill . herbie put they all the same way . so they be face the same way . the bookie glower at herbie . reverse the bill . continue ... bookie you know something , do not you ? herbie no . it be , you know , a hunch -- it be just a hunch . bookie just a hunch . a $ 10,000 hunch . herbie do not blame I . you want to break somebody 's leg , break Van doren 's leg . ( beat ) I mean , you know , not -- maybe one leg . the bookie finish count . hand herbie the cash . CUT to : 107 ext . morning . charlie '’s townhouse . goodwin ring the doorbell . Charlie answer in a bathrobe . goodwin hello , Charlie . ( continued ) 112 . 107 continued : charlie oh , hello , Dick . would you like to come in ? CUT to : 108 int . morning . charliex townhouse . Charlie and goodwin enter the live room . no furniture . box full of book , yet to be unpack . and a gigantic television . charlie Excuse the robe . last night be the first decent night 's sleep I have have in month . goodwin Nice place you have here . charlie I have not have the chance to furnish it . goodwin {off television ) just the essential . charlie God know when I x11 get to this now , with this today show -- do you watch last night ? goodwin congratulation . ' the world 's biggest classroom 's . charlie well , it 's the world 's biggest something . would you like a cup of coffee ? Charlie go into the kitchen . goodwin just like herbie . Charlie duck back out . charlie Excuse I ? goodwin ' King baudouin 's . ( continued ) 113 . 108 continued : charlie oh. that . you know , apparently the belgian Consulate have formally protest my ignorance . Charlie return to the kitchen . make two cup of coffee ... goodwin I be just think it 's juste like herbie . you lose on one you know . in the kitchen Charlie stop . thinks . charlie how do you like it , Dick ? you seem like a black coffee man . goodwin enter . Charlie hand he a cup cf coffee . goodwin the other night , Charlie . at the poker game . Trey ask you to name the King of Belgium and you nail it . you even spell it right . charlie oh , dear - - you know , you be right ! how could that have slip my mind ? goodwin for chrissake , Charlie - - I be not after you . I '' not gonna call you to testify . I be even glad that a real intellectual make some money off this crazy scheme . I just want to hear you say it . it do not ' slip you mind 's - - you take a dive . Charlie take he coffee cup . flee into the live room . charlie you people be so persistent . goodwin follow after he . . goodwin why the hell do you do it ? charlie | please , Dick -- I be Charles van doren , I can not -- ( continued ) 108 continued : ( 2 ) goodwin you will feel better . for yourself -- just admit it to one other person . Charlie look at goodwin . charlie you know , Dick , the poet use to say the stag love the hunter who kill it . goodwin give up . put he coffee cup on the tv. goodwin do I a favor . if anybody should ask you about the quiz show -- do not make any kind of a public statement . do not hold a press conference . because then t’1l have to call you . charlie okay , Dick . Fair enough . goodwin Goodbye , Charlie . goodwin move to the door . Charlie call to hin . charlie if you ever need a place to stay when you be in New York - - well , I be all alone here . goodwin I have hunt stag , Charlie , with my uncle , up in Maine . I do not think there 's much affection either way . CUT to : 109 int . morning . waiting room . goodwin sit under the peacock . check he watch . get up . . secretary Mr. kintner apologize , he 's unavailable . ( continued ) 10g 110 continued : goodwin I be go back to Washington today . he can reach I at the committee . secretary he will know what this be in reference to ? goodwin tell he to read the paper . CUT to : montage spin headline : Daily News : house sift tv quiz fix World -telegram : the $ 64,000 answer : hoax ! Journal - american : quiz hearing announced CUT to : int . morning . stempel apartment . reporter # 1 talk on the phone the he editor . . reporter # 1 .-: stempel. ( cover phone ) be it stempel e-l or l-e ? ( to phone ) I think it 's e-l. Three other reporter surround herbie . Toby pour coffee . sound of lester drum inside . the doorbell ring . herbie you know , it 's very amusing to I that all you bum be knock on my door now . I give you this story six month ago . . reporter # 2 Mrs. stempel , you have any baby picture of herb we could use ? the doorbell ring again . Toby exit toward the door ... {continued } 110 continued : 116 . reporter # 1 {to herbie ) do you think you could ask the kid to stop for five minute ? herbie why do not you interview he ? lester , l-e-s-t-e-r . it 's a good human interest angle . reporter # 4 how would all this starr ? herbie I be babysit for my son , enright come to see I . he sit tight in that kitchen and he say , ' how would you like to make $ 25,000 ? 's and I say , ' who would not ? 's Toby return with reporter # S. reporter # 5 how 's it feel to be the center of all this attention ? reporter # 2 get in line . reporter # 4 oread ) '' ' how would you like to make $ 25,000 ? ° and you say , ' who would not ? 's Toby sense the mood change ... she exit . toby I be gonna go look for the baby picture . herbie in retrospect -- I mean , look at Van doren -- I should have hold cut for a lot more . reporter # 4 what do Van doren have to do with it ? you prostitute you name , you intellectual ability , for money . ( continued ) 117 . 110 continued : ( 2 ) herbie you be miss the story . reforter # 4 you pull a con job on the american people . herbie so do he , dope . so do Charles Van doren , but you know what ? I get he . I nail he . that 's you story . . reporter # 2 can you prove it ? herbie I do not have to prove it anymore . that goddam pious hypocrite -- let 's see he lie to the United States Congress . reporter # 5 I just speak to the committee . they be not call he . CUT to : 111 ext . same time . goodwin home . goodwin read the paper . Sandra move around the kitchen . sandra you nre gonna do a quiz show hearing without Charles van deren ? goodwin Van doren ' 's story be the same as herbie 's , the same as snodgrass . sandra he admit it ? goodwin I '' say even if he admit it , he do not add anything . - sandra what ’1ll you do when he make a statement proclaim he innocence ? ( continued ) 1il continued : 118 . goodwin he 's not go to do that . sandra you nre go to look like a jerk . goodwin why would he do thar ? be tell he to keep he mouth shut . sandra T still do not know why he 's not go to testify . goodwin I just tell you why . the hearing be circumscribe by legislative purpose . the legislative purpose be to reform television , not to reform Charles Van doren . sandra do not patronize I . goodwin I would not patronize you if you would pay attention . it 's the same as the and case , when I be at the Court . sandra if you do not want to answer , just do not answer . do not give I a lot ef legal bullshit . gocdwin I do not see any need to drag the man into the spotlight and tidicule he . sandra you be drag herb stempel into the spotlight . goodwin herbie do not need to be drag into the spotlight , believe I . '' sandra nobody force Van doren to go in front of 50 million people either . ( continued ) i121 112 continued : 11g . {2 ) goodwin at least he have the good sense to keep he mouth shut . sandra good sense or good breeding ? goodwin oh , for cry out loud . he make a mistake . sandra you know , Dick , you be ten time the guy Charles Van doren be , ten time the brain , ten time the human be , and meanwhile : the one bend over backwards for he . you be like the uncle Tom of the Jews . goodwin I be glad it 's so easy for you to destroy a man 's life . I all keep it in mind . sandra quiz show hearing without Van doren -- it 's like do ' hamlet without hamlet . CUT to : int . night . le cirque . Charlie arrive with he parent in tow . the maitre d' fawn all over Charlie . maitre d' welcome , Professor van doren ! ( to waiter ) Professor Van doren 's table . ( to the Professor ) yes ? the professor I be also Professor Van doren . : Ie Three tonight . the Professor scowl as the maitre d' usher they inside . CUT to : 120 . 113 ° int . later . le crroug . Charlie , dorothy and the Professor sit over they meal . dorothy look at you plate , Charlie - - you be hardly eat . it 's as bad as when you be on that quiz show . you would come over for dinner and just push a pea around you plate . the professor maybe it be you cooking . dorothy ' how ill white hair become a fool and jester ! 's charlie 2. the professor ' qo curse of marriage ! that we can call this delicate creature ours 's . charlie othello . dorothy cut off a piece of veal from she plate . gesture to the Professor . dorothy take some of this veal , Professor . I can not finish this . ( resume ) not that we see you that often . I do not think we have dinner together three time in all the month you be on that show . charlie ' uneasy lie the head that wear the crown’ . the professor ' some rise by sin , and some by virtue fall 's . . charlie - ' what ! must I hold a candle to my shame ? ° the professor ( continued ) 113 continued : 122i. charlie mother , pass the pepper . the professor ' o! what man dare do ! what man may do ! what man daily do , not know what they do ! 's charlie fu ing . ' I ama man more sin against than sinning '. the professor lear . ' the wheel be come full circle 's . charlie also lear . ' what 's go and what 's past help / should be past grief '. the professor dorothy be something go on ? charlie it 's just a game , mother . dorothy oh ! Professor ! do you remember to give Charlie that letter ? the professor oh , yes . you get a letter send to you up in cornwall - - it be address to Professor Van doren , I open it by mistake . the Professor pull out a envelope . hand it to Charlie . dorothy it 's probably another one of that mash note . read it aloud . the professor it 's personal . dorothy especially if it 's personal . as Charlie read , he start to tremble with rage ... ( continued ) 113 continued : 122 . ( 2 ) charlie ( read aloud ) dear Professor Van doren , I be @ great admirer of yours . the only way you will be able to live with yourself be to admit what you do -- openly , clearly , and truly -- as painful as that might be . you must remember that you be a Van doren . sign , a friend . dorothy admit what ? what 's he talk about ? charlie {to the Professor ) you write this , do not you ? " the professor ( blank ) it be in the mail . charlie if you have something to say to I , why do not you just say it , goddamit ! dorothy Charlie ! charlie why do not you admit what you be really think -- that you be thrilled ! the professor I will not sit here while you make a scene in front of you mother . charlie oh , come off it , dad . the professor I do not know what you be talk about , Charlie - - it be in the mailbox ! charlie {right back ) there 's no goddam postmark ! {continued } 113 114 123. continued : ( 3 ) Charlie storm out . patron and waiter gape at he . CUT to : int . night . stempel apartment . in the bedroom , Toby pack a bag for herbie . he sit en the tadiator , brood out the window , through the curtain . toby how long be you gonna be go ? just overnight ? herbie pack I two night just in case . after I tell my story -- you never know -- eisenhower might want to see I . she lay neckty out on the bed . toby which suit do you want ? herbie the sharkskin . not that tie -- the television tie . toby you sure you be do the right thing ? herbie of course I be do the cight thing . toby I just hope everyone do not hate you . herbie they nre not gonna hate I . toby herbie , you be gonna go up there in front of 50 million people and tell they they be so stupid they could watch that show week after week and never for a second think you be pull something on they . ( continued ) 114 115 116 continued : 124 . herbie they be not gonna hate I -- I be tell the truth ! toby I be you wife that love you and I feel like a jerk . herbie what be I suppose to do -- be I suppose to just take it and take it and take it ? they make I lose on ' marty 's . I be suppose to take it . toby T just do not know what you nre gonna accomplish . 's herbie I all tell you what . I be go down to Washington and if I do nothing else I will convince they that Herbert stempel know what win the goddam Academy Award for best goddam picture of 1955 . Toby return to pack the bag . toby where have you go with the car today ? herbie Connecticut . I have to drop something off . CUT to : ext . morning . rca build . a mob of reporter crowd outside , jostle against the NBC security guard barring the door . int . same photographer load they camera . CUT to : time . stage . Charlie wrap up he segment . ( continued ) 116 117 125 . continued : charlie -+ - " beauty be truth , truth beauty -- that be all ye know on earth , and all ye need to know " . wider garroway sit with J. Fred muggs. who squawks , scratch . garroway thank you , Charles van doren , for that timeless sentiment . now for a word from ex - lax . Charlie tear off he lavolier , head for the wing . CUT to : int . rca build - - hallway . Charlie go to see freedman . his secretary on the phone . secretary Mr. freedman 's office . would you hold ? ( punch button ) I be sorry , he 's unavailable ... ocover phone ) Mr. Van doren -- charlie where 's Al ? be he in ? before she can stop he , he open the door . inside freedman' office no photo . no papers . cleaned out . the window be open , and the curtain blow eerily ... the Secretary follow inside . secretary he 's go , Mr. Van doren , he 's -- charlie what do you mean , go ? he 's go home ? secretary he 's go to Mexico . Charlie blink . he lean out the window ... ( continued ) 117 118 126 . continued : charlie nos Pov the crowd of reporter outside ... he turn to the Secretary . charlie be there a back way out ? CUT to : int . later . rca build . Charlie look furtively up the back hallway . climb into a service elevator , ride down . suddenly , it stop . Charlie hit the button . then again . like a morse key now ... then the door OPEN a man climb in ... it 's kintner . kintner Charlie , I be the President of nac . I think it 's time we meet . he press a button . they ride down . kintner hand he a sheet of paper . Charlie read it . kintner we legal department prepare this for you . you declare you complete innocence of any wrongdo . charlie ( point ) there 's a split infinitive here in the second paragraph . kintner Television be a public trust . we can not afford to have even a hint of scandal in we company . charlie it 's just that -- well , Dick goodwin , he suggest : - kintner who ? charlie Dick goodwin . with the Committee . he suggest that I not say anything . ( continued ) 118 119 127 . continued : . kintner this be a time when we all need to pull together . have not we be good to you , Charlie ? charlie oh , absolutely . it 's just that -- kintner you would not want you family to think you be involved in this whole mess , would you ? CUT to : int . day . congressional hearing room , congressmen array in a leng arc , like a football team bear down after the kickoff . opposite they : herbie sit , nervous , at the witness table . from the counsel table , goodwin give he a reassure look . chairman for the record , will you state you name ? herbie Herbert M. stempel . chairman will you give you address ? herbie 105 - 15 66th Road , Forest Hills 75 , New York . chairman be you one of the contestant in the program refer to as " 212 herbie I be , yes , sir . chairman at what time ? . herbie I participate from October 17 , 1956 , to December 5 , 1956 . ( continued ) 119 continued : 128 , chairman and during that time be you ever furnish with the answer in advance ? herbie - generally , I would receive the question and answer on Tuesday , type up . chairman and the show aire when ? herbie Wednesday . we no have a sort of rehearsal on Wednesday afternoon . congressman # 1 a rehearsal ? herbie there be a great deal of . histrionics involved , for the show to proceed the way Mr. enright plan it . congressman # 1 Mr. stempel , what do you mean by * rehearsal 's ? herbie well , for example , he tell I how to breathe heavily into the microphone , and sigh , such as this . ( herbie sigh ) he teach I how to stutter and say , in a plaintive voice , ' I will take nine , nine point 's . chairman so it be all choreograph . herbie how to bite my lip . how to mop my brow - - he tell I specifically not to smear my brow , but rather to pat for optimum effect . of course I be shvitze the whole time because they turn off the air conditioning . chairman Excuse I ? ( continued ) 119 129 , continued : ( 2 ) goodwin Mr. Chairman , with you permission , we might at this point view a portion of ' 21 's take from the program of the night of December 5 . chairman whenever you be ready . goodwin signal a technician . a projector roll .... on the screen the stempel / Van doren contest ... and it 's as herbie describe it to the letter ... he sigh . he say plaintively , ' nine , nine point 's . the gallery start to titter ... from the witness table herbie , warming to the gallery , provide commentary . herbie there . there 's the lip bite . chairman yes , we see . laughter from the gallery . herbie finally I be tell to open my eye and with a dazzle smile give the answer and explode when Jack Barry say , ' that be right 's . on the screen herbie open he eye . smile . herbie ( 0.c. ) his paper be the emporia gazette . barry ( 0.c . ) that be right ! herbie explode . back on - - herbie thoroughly pleased , as the gallery laugh out loud ... ( continued ) 119 130 . continued : ( 3 ) herbie I do not know where he get it all -- some article on mass psychology he read in esquire . on the screen Barry and the camera turn to Charlie ... herbie here . watch Van doren . he 's even better at it than I be . congressman # 3 Mr. stempel , be you suggest that Charles Van doren also receive the answer ? herbie of course he get the answer ! ( off kinescope ) look at he . you see ? with the brow . pat -- not smear . congressman # 3 Mr. stempel , do you have any direct knowledge that Charles Van doren receive the answer ? goodwin try to signal herbie . but herbie 's intent on the kinescope ... herbie what ? no , I mean -- look at he ! it 's the same thing ! congressman # 3 do you rehearse together ? herbie well , it would not make much sense for I to take a dive and not fix Van doren . congressman # 4 Mr. stempel , have you ever receive any psychiatric treatment of any kind ? reporter # 1 run in . leans close to reporter # 2 . they both run out . herbie , distract , turn back to Congressman # 4 . herbie Excuse I ? ( continued ) 119 131 . continued : ( 4 ) ; congressman # 4 five session a week -- that 's pretty extensive , be not it ? herbie I believe we can all use a little help at various time in we life , congressman # 4 be it possible that any of you testimony be motivate by animosity toward Mr. enright ? reporter # 3 run in . whisper to reporter # 4 . who lean over , explain to reporter # 5 . reporter # 4 ( whisper ) Van doren make a statement , they all run from the chamber . herbie notice they as the congressman bear down ... congressman # 4 Mr. stempel ? herbie I do not feel that he live up to he agreement . [ think he Promised certain thing just to shut I up -- congressman # 4 so you resent the hell out of he . be that you feeling ? herbie I be here to tell the truth . that be my feeling . what 's you feel ? a buzz build in the hall . more reporter jump up , run outside . staffer whisper in the ear of congressman ... congressman # 4 Charles van doren be a professor at Columbia University . master 's degree in astrophysics . ph.p. in literature . hail from one of the most prominent intellectual family in the country . be not it just possible that you get the answer and he do not ? ( continued ) 119 120 132 . continued : ( 5 ) herbie q£ course it 's possible -- as a matter of classical logic -- a mad rush for the door now ... the Chairman gavel ... herbie , distract , press on ... herbie -- I be simply draw you attention to a inferential proof rather than -- reporter # 6 signal to a colleague , cry out . reporter Van doren 's make a statement ! chaos as the chamber empty . herbie lean into the microphone . tap it loudly . herbie Excuse I ! Excuse mee I be make a statement ! chairman adjourned till one o'clock . the Chairman gavel . herbie stand as the room empty ... herbie this be a statement . what I be say be a statement . I be tell the trutht CUT to : int . later . chairman 's office . the Chairman , enraged , a telegram in hand , circle goodwin . chairman who the hell be Charles van doren ? what be he , somebody on television ? goodwin you do not know ? ( continued ) 120 121 continued : chairman all I know be in the last hour I have receive over 200 telegram from Fayetteville ask I why I be persecute poor Charles van doren and why will not I let he defend himself . why be not he on the schedule of witness ? gocdwin well , sir , if I could refer you to the barenblatt and sweezey case -- chairman I wa : = he ass in that hearing room tomorrow . understood ? goodwin will you tell I what he say ? chairman ( read ) ' Mr. Van doren have make himself available to member of the committee staff . he have advise they that at no time be he supply any question or answer with respect to he appearance on ' 21 's , he be never assist in any form and he have no knowledge of any assistance have be give to any other contestant . sign , Charles van doren . ' CUT to : ext . night . van doren home - - cornwall . Charlie at the front door . move to knock . stop . move again . stops. turns. returns . move to knock . can not do it . head down the step , up the gravel driveway . the door open behind he . the professor Charlie ? CUT to : 122 int . night . van doren home - - cornwall . Charlie sit by the fire . the Professor pour they beth a scotch , join he son . the professor so what 's the news , Charlie ? charlie well , uh , there 's -- it seem there 's this congressional committee that 's -- they be investigate the quiz show . the professor I read about that . charlie I think you might have . anyway , they -- well , it seem they want to call I . to testify . the professor oh , I have testify before . for the National Endowment . it 's nothing . charli . I think this be a little different . the professor you will run circle around they . it 's not exactly jefferson and lincoln down there , you know . charlie I be just not sure , you know , what to tell they . the professor just tell they the truth -- you ’1ll do fine . the real issue , Charlie , be the way this be distracting you from you teach -- this and that program in the morning , although you insist it be not . charlie dad - - . the professor you nre a good teacher . I be not just say it because you be my son . ( continued ) 122 continued : 135 . charlie dad -- I can not tell they the truth . the professor why not ? from what I understand , all it be be this bunch of fraud show off a erudition they do not really have -- basically pretend to be Charles Van doren . all you have to do be -- charlie you see , the problem , dad , be it seem I be one of that fraud . the Professor stare at Charlie . unbelieve ... the professor they give you the answer ? Charlie get up , agitate . start to pace ... charlie oh , no . not at first . at first they just ask I question they already know I know the answer to . well , we run through that in five week . I still do not want they to actually give I the answer . so I have they give I the question . and I have go look up the answer . well , I do not have the time , and finally , it just seem silly . so -- ' the professor they give you the answer . charlie what be I go to do at that point ? disillusion the whole goddam country ? the professor they give you $ 129,000 to answer question they know you know . now that 's inflation . : charlie ( angry ) you be not be very helpful . ( continued ) 122 136 . continued : ( 2 ) the professor {angry back ) I be sorry . I be a old man . it 's just all very hard for I to comprehend . charlie it 's television , dad . it 's just ... television . the professor for what ? what be it ? be it the money ? charlie no , it be -- I do not know . the professor it be a goddam quiz show , Charlie . — charlie ' a ill - favour thing , sir - - 's the professor this be no time the play game . charlie ( savagely ) ine ' , it be mine . the professor ( cight back ) the two turn away from each other . embarrass by the expression of feel . hurt by the truth . the professor I be sorry , Charlie . charlie no , I be sorry . I be just sorry you will be drag into all this . the professor i’1l come with you down to Washington . , charlie you really do not -- ( continued } 122 123 124 continued : ( 3 ) the professor T will not hear a word about it . ( with sympathy ) my God , son -- what be you go to tell that committee ? CUT to : ext . day . hearing room . as vip be ushere in , herbie strain to see through the doorway . a Capitol Hill cop black he . herbie you gotta let I in . let I int ! it 's my hearing ! cop if you do not have a ticket you do not go in . herbie what about a subpoena ? just let I go inside and I will have my close friend the Chairman write I a subpoena . the cop back herbie off with he nightstick ... herbie okay . okay ! enough ! ( mutter ) asshole . he wander off down the hall . turn a corner and sees something ... hide behind the corner . look again . herbie 's Pov Charlie , sit in a shaft of sunlight , alone on the stair . CUT to : int . same time . chairman 's office . goodwin sit behind close door , alone with a witness . - ( continued ) 124 continued : goodwin -+- the Chairman 's instruction be to get you up there as promptly as possible and for the question to take no longer than 15 minute . he want you to receive all question in advance and for I to thank you for the courtesy of attend this hearing . goodwin hand over the question . reverse angle as kintner take the page , look they over . goodwin you know all along , do not you ? kintner Young man , I be the President of the National Broadcasting company . we number one show , a show worth literally million of dollar , that beat ' I Love Lucy 's in the tating ... the idea that I would not know every detail of that show 's operation -- frankly , it 's insulting . ( ironic ) I never , never imagine they would tamper with the honesty of that program . goodwin and they 'il let you off the hook . kintner {off papers ) this do not seem like a grueling line of inquiry , do it ? you be the only one I be worried about . and you do not have anything . goodwin I have Dan enright . . kintner Dan enright want a future in television . the public have a short memory . but corporation never forget . ( continued ) 124 125 139 , continued : ( 2 ) goodwin he 's not that stupid . he know he 's through . . kintner it might take five year , ten year . but he will be back . NBC go on . geritol go on . ( beat ) make you wonder what you have accomplish , do not it ? goodwin do not worry -- I be just start . kintner even the quiz show ' 1ll be back . they do not have to be fix -- you could accomplish the same thing just make the question easier . that 's what Dan never understand . herb stempel , Van doren -- Dan go nut try to find people like that . but we audience be not tuning in to watch some display of intellectual ability . they just want to watch the money . CUT to : int . same time . hearing room . goodwin hurry in behind the congressman . leans over to the Chairman , whisper . the Chairman excuse a witness . chairman the witness be excuse . the committee call Charles Van doren . pandemonium ! photographer press in ... flash ! flash ! flash ! as Charlie enter , the Professor by he side . in the hubbub , herbie sneak in , squeeze into the back of the room ... the Professor take a seat in the gallery . Charlie sit at the witness table . the room quiet . chairman will you state you name ? charlie Charles Van doren . ( continued ) 125 continued : / chairman will you give you address ? | charlie 11 Washington Square , New York City . chairman do you solemnly swear the testimony you give to this committee to be the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth , so help you God ? charlie I do . angle on - - goodwin 140 . as sit at the counsel table . glance over toward the side aisle ... doubletake . goodwin Pov as herbie crawl on he hand and knee up the aisle , get a better view ... chairman I be advise that you have a statement which you would prefer to read at the outset ? charlie yes , sir . May I ask first , sir , if I may have a glass of water . I be sorry to bother you . try to a page bring Charlie a glass of water . with glee , herbie watch he nemesis squirm ... chairman you may proceed . charlie I would give almost anything I have to reverse the course of my life in the last year . the past do not change for anyone . but at least I can learn from the past . I have learn a lot about life . ( more ) ( continued ) 125 continued : 141 . ( 2 ) charlie ( cont would ) I have learn a lot about myself , and about the responsibility any man have to he fellow man . I have learn a lot about good and evil -- they be not always what they appear to be . I be involved , deeply involved , ina deception . I have deceive my friend , and I have million of they . ina sense , I be like a child who refuse to admit a fact in the hope that it will go away . of course , it do not go away . there be one way out , and that be simply to tell the truth . 1 finally realize what I should have know before , that the truth be always the best way , indeed it be the only way , to promote and protect faith , the only thing with which a man can live . that be why it be here today . a long silence ... goodwin sit and watch , stunne ... herbie in he moment of vindication . and then ... chairman Mr. Van doren , I want to compliment you for that statement . charlie thank you , sir . congressman # 1 Mr. Van doren , I would like to join with the chairman in commend you for the soul - search fortitude that be display in you statement . charlie thank you , sir . thank you very much . congressman # 3 Mr. Van doren , I just want to add my kudo . I have listen to many witness in both civil and criminal matter , and yours be the most soul - search confession I think I have hear in a long time . ( continued ) 125 126 142 . continued : ( 3 ) charlie well , thank you , sir . and then congressman # 4 , a curmudgeonly public servant , break in . congressman # 4 Mr. Van doren , I be also from New York . another part of New York . I be happy that you make the statement , but I can not agree with most of my colleague . I do not chink a adult of you intelligence ought to be commend for simply , at long last , tell the truth . suddenly , the gallery burst into loud applause .. '' goodwin look up into the eye of a angry mob ... Charlie like a trap animal ... . smash CUT to : int . later . hallway . a frenzy of reporter press in on Charlie and he dad . reporter # 1 how do you feel , Charlie ? charlie relieved . reporter # 2 Professor , do you know you have be fire by NBC ? reporter # 3 Professor Van doren , be you proud of you son ? the professor I have always be proud of Charlie . reporter # 4 be you proud of what he do ? . the professor what 's important be that Charlie can get back now to he teach . ( continued ) 126 127 continued : reporter # 4 the Columbia trustee meet this morning . they vote to ask for Charlie 's resignation . the Professor blanch . he and Charlie exchange a look . then a angry man approach ... | angry man you son of a bitch ! smack ! as he punch Charlie in the eye . Charlie stagger back , the Reporters restrain the angry man ... herbie 's pov as he watch this . back away from the crowd -- like he 's see something for the first time . - reporter # 5 hey , herbie , how about a picture - - you and van doren ? herbie no . not now . ( off van doren ) Christ -- look at the guy . reporter # 5 come on . the two of you . herbie you know what the problem with you bum be ? you never leave a guy alone unless you be leave he alone . CUT to : int . day . HOTEL room . a man pack a suitcase on a hotel bed . on the television president eisenhower conduct a press conference . reporter # 1 ( 0.c. } Sir , either ag President or a tv viewer , do you have any strong feeling on rig quiz show ? laughter from the press corps . ( continued ) 127 128 continued : eisenhower ( 0.¢ , ) T think this be , if it be do , it 's a terrible thing to do to the american public . watching while he pack : the Professor . cold with rage . the professor God damn you , Charlie . cuUT to : int . later . hearing room . enright and freedman , aglow with he Mexico suntan , testify together . goodwin brood at the counsel table ... : congressman # 1 -+. s0 you freely admit that you help rig this show ? freedman what be this quiz show , a public utility ? I do not see why the hubbub . congressman # 1 so you do not think you do anything wrong ? freedman we do one thing wrong - - we be foo successful . chairman Mr. enright , do the network or the sponsor ever express any approval or disapproval of any particular contestant ? enright never . not to my knowledge . chairman do they know that you be supplying the contestant with the answer ? goodwin look at enright . ( continued ) 145 . 128 continued : enright {smoothly ) no , sir . they have no knowledge whatsoever . at the counsel table staffer # 1 join goodwin . staffer # 1 ( aside ) congratulation on Van doren . goodwin I think I be gonna get television . the truth be television 's gonna get we . CUT to : 129 int . same time . congress . the hall be desert now . the sound of enright testify inside . Charlie dab at he tender eye with a handkerchief . wait for the elevator . it open . herbie 's inside Charlie climb in . the door close . they ride down together , not say a word . they emerge into the sunlight . head they separate way , recede till they be little more than speck within the frame ... a crawl over this : -- Charles Van doren go to work for the encyclopedia britannica . he now life in he family 's house in cornwall hollow , Connecticut . -- Herbert stempel receive a degree in social work from ccny . he now work for the Department of transportation of the City of New York . >+ Richard goodwin become a speechwriter for president Kennedy and Johnson . he leave the White House because of the Vietnam War and retire from polity after the death of Robert Kennedy . he be now a writer live in concord , Massachusetts . -- Albert freedman work for penthouse magazine . ( continued ) continued : :: after seventeen year in exile , Dan enright and Jack barc come back to television with ' the joker 's Wild 's . the highly successful show run for ten year and make they multimillionaire , ' CBS , NBC , and ABC be never conclusively implicate in the quiz show scandal . in 1990 the gross tevenue of the three network totalled six billion dollar . fade to black :