quo vadis full feature animation film base on the novel by henryk sienkiewicz write by : anira wojan / jerzy siatkiewicz nowa filmklatka sp z 0.0 . contact : jerzy jednorowski warszawa 03-984 , nfk@nfk.pl ul . cichociemnych 4 lok 2 nip 521-327-43-10 scene 1 - 2 - 3 - 4 day_ext_rome_panorama sunrise . under the early morning light appear City of Rome . narrator this be Rome . the eternal city . the sixty - third year of the modern era . camera begin slowly pan to the right , show a panoramic view and the outline of Rome 's building , meanwhile the progress of the time of a day be show through the change of the light . narrator thirty year ago , far to the East of the Roman Empire , in the land of judea , Jesus Christ be crucify . the natural soft morning light transform into the afternoon . the camera reach the central point of the Arena - the egyptian obelisk . a white pigeon sit on top of the obelisk . narrator the Passion on the Cross be not the end , but the beginning of a new life . fade out scene 5 day_ext_appian road . early evening fade in appian Road be empty at this time of a day . there be only a long shadow of peter the apostle , who look ahead at the hilly surround area . beneath he hood you can see he grave expression and tired face . the sun begin to appear from over the hillside . Peter shield he eye with he hand , try to see the white pigeon , which flapped its wing loudly . Peter sink to he knee , rest he hand and head on he staff . around he outline appear a pulsing , golden light . than the single beam of light split like a prism into two streak - one of they be pale pink - another clear luminous . the staff slide from under he and he fall face down in the Sand , he head still cover by he hood . Peter stretch he hand forward as if reach for someone 's foot . silence fall . the golden light fade . Peter raise he head slightly . peter quo vadis , domine ? scene 6 credit the screen light up with " quo vadis " . ( enter open credit ) scene 7 day_int_petronius palace_atrium the interior of petronius 's home . petronius stand in he atrium close to a pool fill with fresh water . there be a statue of petronius behind he . both he and he statue stand motionless . petronius observe the golden haire eunice , who be straighten the fold in she tunic . MARK vinicius enter the atrium with the springy step of a soldier . vincicius greeting petronius ! May the god bring you prosperity ! petronius by Jupiter ! my nephew Marcus vinicius ! a true god of war . dear I , let I embrace you ! petronius make a sudden movement towards Marcus vinicius , unknowingly almost knock Eunice over . petronius hug vinicius . petronius welcome back to Rome ! you return from the war in armenia ? vinicius take a step back and turn sideways to petronius . vinicius yes and a sorry business it be , a totally unnecessary war ! he retreat further into the chamber . petronius follow he and put a hand on he shoulder . vinicius turn he head . petronius a true soldier turn away from war only when love have he enslave . do I guess correctly ? vinicius remain silent . petronius have cupid 's arrow pierce you heart ? vinicius face glow with radiance . vinicius what a perceptive judge of people you be , petronius ! no wonder you be ceaser 's chief counselor . petronius to advise nero , it 's sufficient to know the way of monkey . what be I say ! even monkey be not so stupid as to believe everything they be tell . vinicius be it that bad at the Palatine ? War let you forget about that thing . petronius War even allow one to believe that there 's a method to all this madness . but Rome will soon cure you of any such illusion . unless , you have be enchant by somemermaid . speak up , boy ! vinicius grab he arm and begin to speak rapidly . vinicius returning from the battle , I stop at the house of aulus plautius . he make I most welcome , and that be where I see she . one day , at dawn , I catch sight of she at the fountain . the morning ray ( cd ) vinicius ( CD ) seem to pass right through she body . vinicius 's face beam . petronius laugh . petronius as transparent as a young sardine ! so you truly have fall in love with a mermaid ! fade out scene 8 day_int_plautius palace_fountain fade in flashback . slow motion . ligia be see from behind stand next to a fountain and dip she hand in the cool water . she turn to the camera and smile with girlish innocence . end of slow motion vinicius stand admire ligia . he be at first strike dumb by she beauty . vinicius be you venus ? [ pause ] because only a goddess could look like that . ligia stare at vinicius , but make no reply . a girlish smile full of curiosity spread across she face . vinicius allow I vinicius stutter like a nervous schoolboy . vinicius ( CD ) .to ... ligia bend down and with she finger draw the " Pisces " symbol in the sand . vinicius suddenly crouch beside she and when he try to take she by the hand , but ligia 's hand give he the slip . vinicius ( off ) they call she lygia , but she name be callina . she make ... this hunger burn inside I . she must be mine . end of flashback scene 8a day_int_petronius palace - atrium back to reality petronius watch with amusement as vinicius nervously pace up and down the terrarium alongside the pool . petronius the maiden or the fish ? vinicius both . in the meantime , several beautiful slave girl enter - two ethiopian , three slender Greeks and Eunice . petronius better fish than this you see here be not to be find in all of Rome . Eunice ! a intimidate Eunice walk up to they . petronius what do you think of Eunice ? she smell of violet . even I do not know how sweet she kiss taste . take she . Eunice throw herself at petronius 's foot , plead . eunice please , master , do not send I away . petronius be visibly upset by she disobedience . vinicius turn down the offer by shaking he head and turn he back to they as a ethiopian slave present a bowl of oil for petronius to rinse he hand . vinicius I want only lygia . she be worth a hundred of this . she be the daughter of king . petronius wipe he brow , wrap he arm around vinicius 's shoulder and lead he towards the exit . petronius you mention hunger ? let 's go for breakfast . that will refresh the body , and then we ’1ll do something for the soul . what do you think of ( cd ) petronius ( CD ) the plautiuse ? what do you say we pay they a visit ? after they exit , the slave pick up all the basket and bowl and leave . Eunice look around and when she see no one be look she run up to the statue of petronius , stand on she toe and lightly kiss he on the lip . scene 9 day_int_plautius palace_collonade House of aulus plautius . Interior decoration in the atrium lead to the garden . petronius and vinicius stand opposite they host , pomponia and aulus plautius . Beyond , in the courtyard , can be seena wonderful fountain . the pearl of water shine and reflect the sun with a rainbow . petronius bow he head towards the host . petronius I thank you for the hospitality you give my sister 's son . aulus plautius as you well know , petronius , I spend half my life on the battlefield . see Marcus remind I of my young year . today , as we grow older , we whole world lie within this wall . petronius in my soul I think how different you world be from that over which we nero reign . suddenly he turn he head at the sound of joyful laughter from a girl and child . running up from the atrium be lygia and little aulus . the boy stumble and fall at the foot of petronius . petronius and lygia both lean down to pick up the child . they eye meet and lock momentarily . the little boy get up on he own and run out of the room . lygia run after he . pomponia reply to petronius with a wise , gentle smile . pomponia it 's not nero , but God who rule the world . petronius turn towards vinicius . vinicius be stand as still as a statue , stare at the place where lygia leave the room . petronius there be many god , everyone have he own . pomponia respond with conviction . pomponia there be only one God - just and omnipotent fade out scene 10 afternoon_ext_rome_street view_forum romanum fade in lightn . the contour of the street slowly emerge . petronius and vinicius be be carry in a litter . beneath they the head of noble pedestrian flash by . the litter , hold up by runner , turn sharply through the crowd and its passenger almost fall out . petronius ( off ) and so you be write poem ? that 's quite the fashion this day . but you must be careful - redbeard can not abide competition . so you have better be write bad poem or none at all . petronius smile sadly . vinicius 's expression do not change , then he suddenly explode . vinicius I do not care about caesar , nor do I care about poetry ! petronius shake he head impatiently . petronius I do believe you really be in love . vinicius be uncomfortable in the litter . he bang on the side and the runner come to a halt . vinicius jump out into the street among the crowd . vinicius and you , be you never in love ? he yell at petronius . petronius give he a manuscript as he leave . vinicius what 's this ? petronius poem . the author : redbeard . required read . " nero augustus ceasar " be write on the parchment . vinicius shake he head and move away disappear into the crowd . petronius tap with he cane for the runner to continue . petronius to the Palatine Hill , ceasar 's palace ! the litter hastily move away . scene 11 day_int_plautius palace_atrium the house of aulus plautius . the centurion hasto enter with several praetorian guard . the host stand in front of the group of soldier . the centurion bow he head slightly . hasto Commander ! I bring you greeting from caesar ! plautius frown . aulus plautius speak up hasto ! what be the charge ? the centurion take a step forward . hasto no charge against you , sir , but a order from caesar : the Divine nero be grateful to you for give shelter to the daughter of the barbarian king . but as a hostage , ( cd ) hasto ( CD ) the girl belong to caesar . therefore we divine emperor command you to hand she over . plautius turn around and look at he wife , to whom lygia be cling . next to the woman stand the powerfully build ursus . scene 12 day_int_plautius palace_atrium tear stream down the cheek of lygia and pomponia . plautius say with a voice that tremble . aulus plautius lygia ! both pomponia and I love you like a daughter , but you be caesar 's responsibility ... aulus walk past the woman and disappear into the house . ursus kneel before pomponia . ursus domina ! allow I to go with my lady to the house of caesar . she wipe away she tear . pomponia you be not mine , but lygia 's servant , ursus ! Guard she closely ! Little aulus run into the room and cling to lygia 's leg , cry as pomponia make the sign of the cross on she forehead . pomponia May the Lord watch over you , daughter . trust the God and believe that he mercy endure for ever . scene 13 late afternoon_ext_petronius palace_collonade + int_petronius palace_patio plautius step out of he litter and head into the home of petronius . on a shade patio , vinicius train with he sword . he stop training at the sight of plautius . aulus plautius and vinicius stand opposite each other . the commander 's face be draw in anger . 10 . aulus plautius I curse the moment you and petronius cross the threshold of we house ! vinicius plautius ! what be you say ? why , I be the most faithful of all you friend ! aulus plautius you be a thief ! you have steal my daughter ! vinicius rush across to plautius . vinicius speak up , tell I what have happen ! where be lygia ? plautius halt vinicius with a look , before he can get too work up . aulus plautius you uncle , petronius persuade caesar to take lygia to the Palatine , to he palace . scene 14 night_ext_ palatino_ palace entrance the grounds around caesar 's palace - Palatine . twilight . the grow buzz of laughter and cheer can be hear . the outline of column and row of statue of god can be see . along they move crowd of people head towards caesar 's feast . it get darker ; all that can be see be the outline of human figure move in different direction . somewhere far away music be play . the light come from lamp and lantern , along with torch burn in the garden . two female figure be see pass down a walkway border by perfectly trim hedge . they be illuminate by lamp burn on the ground behind they . the camera follow behind they , eventually catch up . one of the woman be lygia . she walk nervously , look around anxiously . she be dress in a beautiful gold tunic and a unique hair style . she seem a change person as she hold on tightly to the arm of the other woman , acte . her companion be older but also beautiful and speak with a warm , soothing voice . 11 . acte you would incur the wrath of caesar by not attend he banquet . he want to see you ! fear not , lygia . i’1l be right there with you . lygia you have be at nero 's side ... as a wife . but I be so terribly afraid of he . acte that be why I promise pomponia not to let you out of my sight . calm yourself lygia , caesar will soon forget about you , and he poppea will never allow he to come close to you ! lygia smile 's awkwardly as they disappear into the crowd of guest walk up the stair . scene 15 night_ext_ palatino_ palace entrance two male figure move along a walkway surround by illuminate sculpture . they enter into the circle of light , allow they to be recognize . it be petronius and Marcus vinicius . Marcus 's face be cloud with emotion . petronius repeatedly glance at he companion and say with sarcasm . petronius cease this silence and grim expression , or they will think that you be hide a dagger somewhere in the fold of you robe ! vinicius this be not what I want , petronius ! petronius place he finger over he lip and laugh . petronius you know too little of the way of this world , Marcus . the war have make a savage of you . this be Rome . the centre of the world . here we handle matter discretely . 12 . vinicius lygia should not have be abduct from the house of the plautiuse . petronius respond strongly . petronius only the emperor could have take she away , to then give she to you . you will be able to spend this night in she arm . vinicius be stop in he track , surprised . scene 16 night_int nero palace large banquette hall large hall . Palatine - caesar 's Palace . a lot of guest at table in a brightly light room . candle flicker on the table and wall but the guest at the table sit gloomily in silence . acte come in with lygia . scene 17 night_int nero palace large banquette hall the buzz and hum of the banquet . servant bring in great plate of food . acte and lygia be seat behind the long table . acte nod towards the brightly light end of the room and its decorate table . lygia look towards the throne with disdain . at that moment the room erupt in great applause full of scream and cheer . crowd hail caesar ! hail caesar ! hail caesar ! ceasar nero , surround by dignitary , enter the room . caesar be place at the table next to he close court , among which be two arch -enemy fight for influence in caesar 's court - petronius and tigellinus - the commander in chief of the praetorian . at that moment thousand of yellow rise petal fall from the ceiling onto the table and guest . lygia stare at nero . lygia whisper with fascination . 13 . ligia redbeard ...! scene 18 night_int nero palace large banquette hall nero 's table . caesar look around the room . after a moment , he focus and squint in one particular direction . nero be this the beauty that vinicius love so much ? tigellinus lean over to caesar and whisper in he ear . tigellinus a beauty she be indeed sire , too beautiful for vinicius . petronius 's face contort with anger . petronius sire , you be more generous to vinicius than if you be he own father . even tigellinus have notice she be too narrow in the hip , but as usual he be try to score . you have miss the boat , tigellinus ! nero grab he emerald monocle , put it up to he eye and stare at lygia . both of they await nero 's verdict . nero bust out laugh . nero yes , miss . too narrow in the hip . petronius release a sigh of relief as tigellinus send he a deadly stare . scene 19 night_int nero palace large banquette hall voice poppea ! poppea ! electrify cheer run through the room . augusta poppea , the wife of caesar approach , majestically glide across the hall dress in robe the color of amethyst and wear gorgeous jewelry and a amazing hairstyle resembling a giant sailing ship . 14 . nero , still stare at lygia , pay no attention to he wife as he turn the emerald monocle around in front of he eye like a prism . poppea walk up to nero and snatch the monocle out of he hand . she stare into he face he and jealously hiss at he . poppea you do not need this , my divine nero . the great beauty be right beside you . surprise , nero turn to she with a grimace . he reach out and tear a ruby from she neck and look at she through it , twirling the stone in front of he eye . Pov nero . this stone be cut with several facet ; through it we can see five head of poppea . nero this be a woman with five head . i’1l get rid of at least four of they . her hairdresser cost I too much . poppea can not hide the anger on she face but duly take she place next to she husband as thousand of red rise pedal fall from the ceiling . she mutter under she breath . poppea you better watch for you own head , nero . scene 20 night_int nero palace large banquette hall acte and lygia at the table . lygia watch poppea with delight . lygia how beautiful she be ! vinicius you be a hundred time more beautiful . lygia hear the voice of vinicius , who be stand behind she . 15 . vinicius hail , callina -lygia ! vinicius take a place next to the girl , move acte to the side . he be wear a scarlet tunic , he bare arm decorate in golden epaulette . vinicius reluctantly look at acte . he grab lygia by she hand and lean over , whisper in she ear . lygia try to pull away gently . vinicius I know I have find you here . but little do I know it would make I so happy ! acte begin to intervene as vinicius pull lygia towards he , but upon hearing nero be go to sing , she interrupt , want everyone to listen to he sing . acte hold you breath ! caesar be about to sing . scene 21 night_int nero palace large banquette hall nero recite a poem , pose grotesquely like a actor , while hold he zither in he hand . neron sweet venus , founder of Rome and pride of the god , you who guard traveler on the high seas , and make the land fruitfull for all live thing , the goddess of sunlight who still the storm for you cloud clear away ... the young freedman pitagoras kneel at the foot of caesar . he remove the laurel wreath from he head and put it at the foot of caesar with a expression of adulation on he face . crowdll oh heavenly voice ! we divine caesar ! redbeard , the great poet in the world ! nero look quizzically at petronius and then at tigellinus , then again at petronius . a boundless self - admiration appear on he face . 16 . petronius remain in a indifferent silence , as if the spectacle do not make the slight impression on he . not find delight in the eye of petronius , nero change he expression to that of a little boy begging for the praise of he father . petronius drag out the situation but in the end speak while retain he stone face . petronius curse be the fate that have we live with such a poet . be he verse any worst , perhaps I could find it in my heart to praise they . but I remain silent . embarrass . destroy by they beauty . nero 's face light up with delight and boundless vanity . nero grab a chalice to take a drink of wine . pitagoras throw himself to pour more wine for nero as tigellinus fume in jealousy . tigellinus thy verse , caesar , be bear like you among the god . they father be Zeus Apollo and they mother .... nero turn red in anger . nero silence fool ! my mother be agrippina , a curse woman ... a gloomy expression appear on nero 's face . nero I have no choice ; I have to sentence she to death , because she send a assassin to murder I . if I have not act quick than she , you would not have hear I sing today . tigellinus , want to calm caesar 's anger , yell out with excitement in he face as he raise a glass of wine . tigellinus on behalf of the city and the world I thank you caesar for destroy you mother and freeing we from she evil power . 17 . with contempt petronius stare at tigellinus and reach for nero 's emerald monocle , put it up to he eye . through it he see the weird party and its already drunk guest , hugging , kissing , raise glass and eat . in the background , shadowy slave move around carry massive trays of food and pitcher of wine . the image be drown by another precipitation of multicolor rise petal . petronius remove the sapphire from he eye and hand it to nero , jolting he from he mad , distant stare . petronius Close you ear , nero , lest the word of fool hurt they . you world be like a emerald . rare and fragile . scene 22 night_int nero palace large banquette hall a already drunk vinicius wrap he arm around lygia . she try to get out of he grasp . vinicius lygia , lygia ...! kiss I ! caesar have promise you to I ...! scene 23 night_int nero palace large banquette hall loud noise as gladiator enter the arena between the table . with bare body rubbed in oil , they begin to battle . two guest shake hand . first guest I wager that croto will wring he neck ! the fight continue . one of the gladiator win a advantage , choke he opponent and throw he to the ground . the winner put a foot on the back of he foe and cross he arm over he chest in a sign of victory . the hall erupt in the cheer of the man and woman look on . crowd croto ! croto ! croto ! 18 . scene 24 night_int nero palace large banquette hall vinicius try to kiss lygia , in the struggle she knock over a cup of wine . he 's drunk , with no control over himself . he mumble , meanwhile acte try to stop he . vinicius [ drunk ] Love I , lygia ! it be I that beat the parthian and bore the glory of Rome to the world . and now Rome give I my due reward worthy of a hero . you !... ( he speech slur off into drunken mumble ) lygia try to push he away with she last ounce of strength . acte try to restrain he . at this moment a gigantic form appear above vinicius . a giant - ursus appear from behind vinicius and pick lygia up like a doll . they disappear among the guest and servant , meanwhile vinicius be too drunk to realize what 's happen . scene 25 day_int_petronius palace_atrium House of petronius . atrium . petronius be walk alongside the pool , scolding vinicius , who be hide he face in he hand . petronius it be as I fear . this war have make a savage of you . you have become one of we . a bastard of the court . redbeard can be proud of you . I have forfeit the friendship of the plautiuse just to decorate you empty head with a wreath of withere leave . vinicius drop he head in shame . petronius be furious . Eunice silently slip into the room and turn towards petronius . eunice master , I find the man that you be look for and who be look for you . from behind Eunice appear a clumsy figure of a old man in a tear coat , who bow and mutter . chilon chilonide . 19 . chilon chilon chilonide at the service of the equal and the more equal . petronius look the man over with interest and then stare at Eunice . he regards she with amusement . Eunice blushes and walk out in embarrassment . scene 26 day_int_petronius palace_atrium chilon smile at Eunice as she run out . chilon she complain of unrequite love . I give she two thread from the mantle of venus . I have my method . petronius be you a magician ? the stranger pull he clumsy hand from he wear coat . his smile contort he face . chilon a philosopher , master ! do you not know ? vinicius stand over chilo . vinicius do you know what we want from you ? chilon squint he eye . chilon I be to find some girl who have be abduct by she slave from a feast hold by caesar . vinicius yell back in anger . vinicius only remember , this be not just some girl , you villain . it be the divine daughter of the King of the lygian , call callina ! chilon stare into petronius 's face , unsure who be in charge and who hold the money . he be afraid of vinicius . petronius calm the situation . 20 . petronius do you have a way to do this ? chilon if you have the mean , sir , I ’1l1 find a way . petronius so you be a philosopher for money , in other word a crook . petronius seem cynical , as the newcomer once again fiddle with he old coat . chilon I be save up , to hire a scribe , who 'il transmit my message to posterity . for myself , I do not keep a penny . not even for a coat . from one side , vinicius throw chilon a bag jingling with coin . even though he be not look , he catch it like a juggler . vinicius when will you start ? chilon hide the bag in he jacket . chilon I already have ! his tone become confident . chilon Noble lord , will you permit I to in turn ask a question or two ? petronius nod . chilon do you notice the divine lygia have any special mark : amulet , tattoo ? vinicius shake he head . chilon fall back and frown . chilon it will not be easy . vinicius come to life and suddenly shout . 21 . vinicius but wait ! I remember now ! she draw a fish in the sand ! chilo twist he head and mutter . chilon a Fish ? vinicius a Fish . chilon I shall do all in my power ... but .... you see for yourselves ... you understand ... show the hole in he coat as he slowly walk backwards towards the exit and disappear . petronius call out to he . petronius tell my servant to give you a new coat ! from outside the door chilo call back . chilo ( off ) thou art a true philosopher , master ! you hate even the slight injustice . Eunice show up in the doorway look more beautiful than usual . petronius look at she in amazement . vinicius interrupt he stare . vinicius what now ? petronius put he finger to he nose and , change he voice , pretend to be chilon . petronius first we fumigate the house , and then ask Eunice to accompany we . Eunice run up to petronius . he caress the flower in she hair and ask haughtily . petronius could it be that love really exist ? happy be he who experience it . 22 . scene 27 evening_ext_ dark rome STREET darkness . a gloomy path on which chilon be sneaking beneath gray wall . he run into the first light building , a winery . scene 28 evening_int_ winery the interior of the winery . chilon sit down at the nearest table . chilon wine , sporus ! the host put a pitcher before he . the Greek push it away . chilon something better than this , you swindler ! the best in the house ! he shout out and throw a gold coin on the table . sporus hand he a chalice . chilon take a huge gulp and pour the last bit onto the table top . he draw the shape of a fish in the wine . sporus watch with a blunt expression . chilo have you ever see this sign ? sporus 's face expressionless . a second gold coin fall onto the table . sporus all type frequent this place . chilon do you know who this be ? sporus mumble . sporus Fish ... people ? a third gold coin fall on the table . chilon can you at least count to three , fool ? sporus 's eye light up . he grab the coin and wipe away the draw in the wine . 23 . sporus Fish in Greek be ichthys . Jesus Christ , the Son of God , the saviour . chilo Christ ? the one who be crucify in judea ? sporus the same . scena 28a before sunset_int_crispus house view to the room with a table a golden sunset , though the sky be still blue . chilon sneak up to the home of crispus and cautiously look inside . at a table be sit : the apostle Peter and Paul , crispus , nazarius and lygia . Peter break bread , dip a piece in wine and pass it to Paul . he pass out the bread , do the same for all that present . this scene be accompany by music . scene 29 day_int_petronius palace_atrium House of petronius . in the doorway appear the haggard figure of chilon . chilon pax vobiscum . peace be with you . vinicius grab he , pull he in and shake he like a dog . vinicius where have you be , you villain !? he yell through clench tooth . chilon 's voice break as he wheeze . chilon do not choke I , Sir . I be just a philosopher . chilon wheeze and snort try to catch he breath . vinicius where be lygia ? 24 . chilon she 's safe , among she own people . vinicius meaning ? chilon you divine lygia be a non-divine Christian . vinicius be stop in he track , but after a while , unable to find a answer to this news , he turn to chilon in a more friendly tone . vinicius do you now anything more ? chilon more mean more .... for the both of we , less than tomorrow , but a lot more than yesterday . chilon be allude to extra payment . vinicius have not I pay you enough ? chilo have not I tell you enough , Sir ? chilon immediately respond . vinicius open a box and pull out another purse with money for chilon . vinicius here , take this , and you 's 1ll get a lot more when you lead I to she . scene 30 night_ext_dark rome suburban street darkness . two hood character move through narrow alleyway . behind they follow a hood figure , the enormous and powerfully build croto . the shortest of the three remove he hood , show the face of chilon . chilon who be this , Sir ? chilon nod towards the second figure who take he hood off . 25 . vinicius croto . the wrestler . chilon you be a cautious man , sir. guarding you virgin be a true giant . vinicius shove chilon , whose hood fall over he face . vinicius if you have lie to I , croto will count you bone first and then he will deal with the giant ! chilon but if I be tell the truth ? vinicius you will receive a house and five slave . chilon this very night , Christians will be gather in ostrianum . there be to be a man present who know Christ . they call he " the rock " - petrus . the Apostle Peter . they be go to pray together . that 's where we will find she , Sir . scene 31 night_ext_ravine outside rome the three hood figure be close to the entrance to a deep ravine . around they , ahead , on all side and at the top of the ravine be hundred of twinkle light . the light be concentrate in one meander stream flow down to the bottom of the ravine . vinicius , chilon and croto , still hide beneath they hood , slow they pace , allow other to hurry past they on they way up to the outlet of the ravine . scene 32 night_int_cave in ostrianum one of the cave in ostrianum . two fire burn by a wall that have window give a view over distant house scattered along via nomentana . 26 . light go out in the house as the resident go to sleep . someone light a bonfire with a torch , lighting up the area , then follow a interval fill with light and song . the shadow of that in attendance reflect off the side of the ravine . the camera 's view be from behind vinicius and chilon . the man stand far back from the fire . by the fire stand the old Apostle Peter . he stand tall and straight with dignity and inner strength . the light from the fire illuminate he gray head and age face . he speak . around he the hood figure listen . chilon that 's the one , the first disciple of Christ , a fisherman ! Peter raise he hand , make the sign of the cross , bless the follower , who fall to they knee . peter I have come to greet you in the name of he who send I . I have come to tell you to renounce luxury and pleasure . to love poverty , moral purity and truth . to endure patiently all harm and persecution , to beware of treachery , and set a example for one another . in vinicius 's eye we see the reflection of the fire . under the influence of Peter 's word he face begin to change . in the fire reflect off of he eye the gentle face of lygia appear . peter I see him , and he be like light and the joy of we heart , for we believe that he rise again and though the seas may dry up , and the mountain turn to dust , his glory shall not pass ... chilon tug at vinicius 's coat . chilon there ! take a look ! he 's right there ! the giant ! vinicius turn he head in the direction of chilon 's point finger . he see the massive ursus. 27 . scene 33 night_int_cave in ostrianum at that moment , the follower begin to sing as they move forward to Peter and bow they head . Peter dip a branch in water and baptize they . lygia stand next to ursus , stare off in front of she as the dance flame reflect off they face , make she almost transparent . vinicius take off he hood . vinicius lygia ! vinicius rush forward but chilon hold he back , grab he by the coat . chilon wait , sire ! you ’1ll bring disaster on we head . when this be all over , we will follow they , and then , in the darkness , this fellow here ... chilon look at croto , who be stand behind they with huge arm cross over he chest . he make a gesture with he hand as if break ursus 's bone . he take one step forward and direct he mindless , but faithful gaze on vinicius . croto now ? scene 34 night_ext_ravine outside rome High on the top of the ravine we can see the silhouettes of that return home from the Christian meeting . the sky in the background be slowly lighten as dawn approach . scene 35 night_ext_ rome STREET a dark alley . chilon look around the corner . chilon they go into that house . he whisper , nodd towards the gray facade of a house . croto stand in front of the building opposite the entrance . 28 . croto now ? from behind he appear the short vinicius . vinicius now ! he cry out he decision and lead the way . then they disappear into the hallway lead into the house , while chilon hide behind the corner . scene 36 night_int_crispus house_entrance + night_ext_crispus house courtyard 1 they walk down a long hallway . a large figure appear and block they progress . from the darkness emerge the face of ursus . ursus and who would you be seek ? croto you ! croto scream and throw himself on the giant . croto raaaaaaruh ! [ Savage battle cry ] ursus unnh ! [ grunt in reaction ] the two giant fight . scene 37 night_ext_crispus house_courtyard 2 vinicius run down the hallway and out into a courtyard . by a fireplace burn in the courtyard lygia sit , accompany by a old man , crispus . vinicius head towards they . the fire illuminate the face of lygia and crispus . vinicius push the old man out of the way and grab the girl . he run back out of the courtyard . in he way lie the fall body of croto . ursus inflict a heavy blow to vinicius 's head . the freed lygia call out to the giant . 29 . ligia no , ursus !!! no ! do not kill he ! vinicius slump to the ground . fade out scene 38 day_int_crispus house_main chamber darkness . voice can be hear . vinicus ( off ) kill I . his voice be full of sorrow . crispus ( off ) he be lucky ; you almost break he neck , ursus . ursus ( off ) in my former life I kill a lot of people , but back then I do not know Christ . ligia ( off ) trust in the Lord , ursus . he know best why you be bear with such strength . and such a great heart ... scene 39 day_int_crispus house_main chamber House of crispus . vinicius be lie on a bed with a serious head wound . he open he eye . crispus lean over the injure vinicius and wipe he forehead with a damp cloth . ursus look at he from a distance as crispus treat he . in the corner , there be nazarius sit on a low stool . he be cut a piece of wood to a form of a little bird . lygia sit at the end of the bed . when vinicius see she he whisper with all he strength . vinicius it 's you , lygia . lygia look at he with care . 30 . lygia peace be with you , Marcus . crispus hand vinicius a clean slate with a stylus . crispus God tell we to love we enemy , so we have dress you wound . now write a note to you people , have they come for you . vinicius try to lift he head . vinicius you want I to leave ? now , when I have find lygia !? I have harme she , it 's true . but I swear to the god , to my god , that I will not touch the woman I love more than my life . May you God also be my witness . permit I to stay . if only for one day . vinicius 's head fall back . lygia , emotionally move by he word , rise from the end of the bed with she eye turn to crispus . ligia let he stay . let he live . scene 40 day_ext_lake with a boat + day_ext_sunny beach dream of vinicius and he Pov . Water flood he vision . one can see how he be struggle with the wave . around he be darkness , wind , a storm . he 's struggle , lose strength until he slide under the water . with he last ounce of strength , he pull himself to the surface and reach out to grab the end of a oar , by mean of which he be haul into a boat . it turn out the person who hand he the oar be Peter . the fishing boat be go across a wide fiery lake . a sweet angelic hymn begin to play as the boat reach a shore with clean golden sand . the white pigeon be silently glide at the sky . end of Pov . vinicius wet and tired after battle the element lie on he back in the boat . 31 . Peter be not there anymore , as lygia bend over vinicius with a gentle , beautiful smile . lygia come , follow I ; I x11 show you the way ! fade out scene 41 day_int_crispus house_main chamber fade in vinicius open he eye in the house of crispus . his head rest on the lap of lygia , who be stroking he forehead . vinicius I see you soul in a dream . scene 42 day_int_crispus house_main chamber lygia melt away like a ghost . it be a ghost , a dream . vinicius 's head still rest motionless , but now it 's rest on a cushion instead of lygia 's lap . ursus lygia tell I you should drink this , master . ursus come closer to vinicius and hand he a metal cup with some hot brew , the cup hide in he massive hand . vinicius be you lygia 's slave ? ursus where we come from , there be no slave . vincius where be that ? ursus where the forest have no end , where there be castle make of wood , and a great abundance of honey and bread . where " yes " mean " yes " and " no " mean " no " 32 . vinicius and lygia ? ursus when you Roman appear in we forest , lygia 's father , we king die from a Roman arrow . soon after that she mother die . you leader plautius take the child under he wing . Rome become she home . and Christ she consolation . there be a transition to a stable from this chamber . you can see a donkey , which be eat hay in a shadow and suddenly , a face of lygia , hide there , listen , close to the donkey - appear . vinicius Christ ! who be he , that he could bring consolation to the Roman !? ursus he who change sorrow to joy . and death itself , which for you be the end of life , be for we the beginning . lygia run out of she hide and face vinicius . lygia yes ! believe in Christ we cannot be unhappy . vinicius and I be happy believe in you . I do not need Christ for that . lygia you be mistaken , Marcus . Christ be love . vinicius if it be as you say , let I see for myself . be my wife . we will celebrate the biggest wedding ever see in Rome . I shall ask the emperor himself for he bless ... lygia look at vinicius . her eye begin to fill with tear and she run out of the room . 33 . scene 43 day_ext_crispus house_courtyard 2 upset , lygia run out of the room and into the courtyard where fish be hang up and drying . Peter be sit on a bench , lean against he staff . next to he sit the taller and more powerfully build apostle paul . nazarius ( 16 ) , Peter 's compagnion be sit under the tree . he stay silent , but he nimble finger turn a piece of wood and a knife . now you can see a bird figurine that nazarius sculpt . running through the courtyard , she do not notice they until Paul speak . paul God bless you , my child . lygia stop and turn around to look at they . Peter tap he staff on the flagstone beneath he foot . lygia lower she head and approach they . paul sit down with we , young lady . lygia sit down on the stone beside the bench and begin to listen to they conversation . paul do you remember how you attend the wedding at canaa in galilee ? Peter nod he head with a smile , remember the old time . peter but you wer ant there ! how do you know about that ? paul you tell I all about it yourself , remember ? peter my mind be weaken by old age , but John have write everything down . have you read it ? 34 . paul yes , I have read the whole thing . you go to a wedding , and they run out of wine . peter and Jesus call a servant and say , " fill the wine jar with water . " paul he bless the love between the woman and the man . the apostle now look at lygia sit by they foot listen to the conversation . she begin to blush , but sit in silence with no need to speak , just to listen . peter while the eye of the one you love remain close to the light of truth , avoid he so that he do not lead you into sin . but pray for he and know that there 's no sin in you love . Paul glance at Peter . paul trust in you love . Christ have soften heart even harder than the heart of one Roman . Peter nod he head . peter thrice I deny we Lord , but he forgive I and command I to be a good shepherd to the people . Apostle Paul stand up , turn out to be a large man . scene 44 night_int_petronius palace_library House of petronius . he lounge in a seat in he library . the soft light of the moon enter to the library . Eunice peek around the corner , look at petrnonius as always , with love , as he quietly read verse of Horace out loud . 35 . petronius I will not all die , a great part of I will rise again . as long as high priest climbe the capitoline Hill ... petronius raise he eye from the page and continue to speak the verse in near silence . petronius can see Eunice look at he , unaware that she be reflect in a huge mirror . he momentarily stop recite , and then suddenly end the poem aloud , as if speak to Eunice . petronius ... May melpomene , the muse of song take pride in what I have make of all talent she give to I , and crown my head with laurel wreath . without take he eye off Eunice , he put down the book . petronius have you ever think about freedom , Eunice ? Eunice retreat behind she corner , hide . petronius you could leave this place , if I be to free you . Eunice suddenly appear from around the corner again . eunice oh no ! please do not do any such thing , master . Eunice approach he from behind as he continue to look at she in the large brass mirror . petronius freed , you could go you own way , have a husband , child , a life of you own ... Eunice fall to she knee . eunice you be my life , my lord. 36 . petronius but admit that you envy the beautiful Roman , they fine apparel , jewellery , hairstyle , lover ... eunice Love be not jealous or boastful , be not borne up by pride . Eunice look into he eye and then he see what kind of innocent soul hide behind she beautiful face . he reach out towards she with he hand but do not touch she , as if he be scared to touch such beauty . he motion to she to come closer . petronius but what if I send you to work in the field ? what if I marry another woman ? or have you whipped ? eunice Love bear every kind of suffer , believe all thing , see hope everywhere , endure everything . petronius but sooner or later it end , burn out and die ... petronius slide out of he seat and reach out towards Eunice without touch she , kneel in front of she . eunice Love never die . scene 45 day_int_petronius palace_atrium vinicius recline by the pool in petronius 's home . he still have a bandage on he head . petronius be sit across the pool with Eunice on he lap . he say irritably . petronius and so you have go quite mad . you free you slave , distribute you fortune among the poor 37 . vinicius I have come to believe they teach that happiness , beauty , and love be nothing but vanity . petronius if you want to repay evil with goodness ... then ... then what do you repay goodness with !? vinicius raise he hand and interrupt petronius . petronius begin to walk away . vinicius I can not repay they goodness with evil . petronius angrily turn around . petronius do you intend to accept the teaching of this ... Christ ?! vinicius when I be ready .... I would like you to meet he too , petronius . at that moment a beautiful Greek slave enter the room and hand petronius a letter , he read it and with a sigh throw the paper into the pool like a paper boat . petronius caesar order we to go together to antium . I advise you not to refuse such a request . vinicius I can not leave lygia . petronius if you do not wish to lose she for ever , better start pack before redbeard notice you absence vinicius I want nothing from caesar . if I be go anywhere , then I shall go with lygia and the plutiuse to Sicily . if that be what she want ... petronius look at vinicius with grow pity . 38 . petronius no one be free . everyone have someone above he who decide whether he life or die . keep that rule in mind . chilon 's contort face appear in the doorway . chilon psst .... vinicius what be he do here ?! chilon approach they and reach the pool , sit down , take off he sandal , and dip he tired foot in the cold water . he begin he game with a mysterious expression . chilon I know where to find .... vinicius jump to he foot . vinicius you dare not speak she name ! chilon be completely surprised by this turn of event . chilo why be that , sir ? what have change since you promise I a house and five slave . have I not keep my word ? vinicius grab chilon by he coat and lift he up over the pool , he foot dangle above the water . vinicius I be tell you not to hang around here any more and to forget that you ever know we . chilon if you drow old chilo , you 'il be do a favour to the enemy of Rome . along with I will perish matter important to the Empire , save in this head of mine . chilon try to tap he head . vinicius eventually throw he down at the edge of the pool . 39 . vinicius you be to cease you spying , now ! and do not show up around ! vinicius throw a purse of coin towards the door . chilon run after it and catch it , already close to the exit . he turn around and look at vinicius with plot and revenge in he mind . chilon you be very generous , sir. chilo will never forget it . he give a low bow a exit . scene 46-47 evening_antium at the sea side_ext_terrace antium . a large terrace villa . below can be see the calm water of the bay . nero and so Troy burn , burn , burn ... nero , with a zither in he hand play the last two chord , pathetically pick at the string as he lean against a rail under a blood red sunset . the groan of the zither endlessly prolong the last note of nero 's poem . he look around at petronius , vinicius , poppea and tigellinus with a expression of boundless pride . tigellinus clap he hand with a idiotic smile as he nod he head , as if he be agree with what he have just hear . nero what do you say ? do you see the fire that consume Troy ? tigellinus , you first - what do you think of my description . nero be surround by petronius , vinicius , poppea and tigellinus . servant move around silently in the background . nero have just finish read a poem , now he proudly cock he head and look at that present . tigellinus clap he hand in appreciation and nod . 40 . tigellinus amazing ! nero amazing ? tigellinus ! but be it true ? do you feel the fire burn you hand ?! tigellinus stutter like a pupil in front of the blackboard . tigellinus oh ! Divine one ! it burn and ... blind ! nero cast petronius a contemptuous look . move across , he closely observe poppea , who with a look of indifference on she face , stuff some grape into she mouth . she have no understanding or interest in the poetry of caesar . with a look of disgust , nero turn around and yell out to the servant with a impatient voice . nero clear the table . augusta be choke . two servant instantly bring out trays and bowl . meanwhile , nero look at petronius intensely . petronius withstand the long stare , and after a long pause pronounce he judgment . petronius throw you verse in the fire , caesar ; that would be the best thing for it . caesar try to control he anger and squint at he . nero what do you find so wrong in my description of the fire , petronius , that you would have the fire consume it ? petronius it be too cold . 41 . nero it burnt tigellinus . petronius do not believe he , divine caesar . you talent could wipe Rome from the surface of the earth , let alone Troy ! hear this , nero calm down . nero it 's true . the god give I talent . that be why I be share it with you . petronius the great poet of Rome do not look for acclaim from he soldier , but be worthy of eternal glory in the pantheon of fame . nero swell with pride and look at tigellinus with contempt , who shrink in he armor . nero tigellinus have the mind of a mouse and skin thin as a woman 's . come back tomorrow , petronius , and you will die in the flame . tigellinus 's face blacken with anger . nero as a sculptor seek he model , so I need to see a real fire . tigellinus at you command , sire , I will order all of antium to be set alight for you ! nero what be antium for caesar ! scene 48 night_ext_antium at the sea side_beach antium . Coast . petronius and vinicius walk slowly along a sandy beach . Jupiter shine like a lantern . 42 . vinicius be not you play with life and death ? wrapped in he thought , petronius for a moment do not reply . petronius if you want caesar to agree to you wedding with lygia , he must be pleased with himself . vinicius so why do you tease tigellinus ? petronius tigellinus do all he can to prejudice caesar against I . small wave lap the shore . vinicius it be say he who life by the sword , die by the sword . petronius it be also say : if you want peace - prepare for war . vinicius how be we to know what it 's all worth . I be a soldier and you area diplomat ... who will judge we ? petronius you yourself and I myself . the late evening horizon be illuminate by the sphere of Jupiter , lighting up the way for the two man walk across the beach as tiny wave crash onto the shore . scene 49 evening_antium at the sea side_ext_terrace small wave lap the sand . the crackle and pop of burn wood and house . the great fire , bear in nero 's head , in he poem , reflect off of the water . the flame be bear in nero 's head , in nero 's poem . we can hear only the groan of he zithar . 43 . nero be watch from the terrace of a villa in antium . he turn around and look at the room of guest , as if wait for applause . petronius speak first . petronius we need air , caesar . we be suffocating and the fire of Troy will soon reach we . nero what be you say , petronius ? have the stanzas of my poem make such a impression on you ? petronius I be quite burn up and do not know what will quench the fire . you have ruin my life , sire . vinicius , who remain stubbornly silent , could say the same , if he be not freeze with terror . nero what have you to say about my fire - you have feel the fire of battle ? vinicius freeze , not know what to say in response to nero . tigellinus take advantage . tigellinus Divine caesar . though I have be in a hundred battle ... nero , with a gesture signal he to be silent . he look at vinicius , expect a answer . petronius try to help . petronius vinicius would rather die than face the might of you poem , nero . nero break out into laughter . nero then you shall die , vinicius , if you do not tell I whether you have prefer to receive a poem or a horse from I ? petronius be bitterly silence . 44 . vinicius I have rather have a poem , sire . horse there be many , but only one caesar . nothing be worth more than he word . nero 's face light up in appreciation and he cry out to the servant from the terrace . nero bring I my horse ! he turn to petronius . nero they think I a monster ... they call I matricidal , they be jealous of my talent . the burden of magnitude be hard to bear . you alone understand I - the artist ! he put he hand on petronius 's shoulder . tigellinus as always look on they relationship with jealousy . the servant bring along he horse beneath the terrace . nero and I do so like to make people happy . vinicius - the steed be yours ! confused , vinicius look at petronius . petronius nod reassuringly , imply that you can not refuse nero . footstep on the terrace approach from behind . nero turn around . faon , the freedman fall to he knee in front of nero . faon forgive I , divine emperor ! there be a fire in Rome ! the great part of the town on fire ! nero look at he with curiosity then raise he eye and hand . nero ye god ! at last I shall see a burn city and finish my poem ! 45 . faon the flame be swallow up the people ! Rome be die , sire ! vinicius walk off down the terrace , not listen to the conversation . he jump on he horse and ride towards Rome . nero turn to tigellinus . nero tigellinus . will I be in time to see the fire ? the face of tigellinus show great excitement as he savor nero 's every word . tigellinus sire , the show be for you . scene 50 night_ext_hills around rome a horse with its neck outstretch and panting heavily rush past garden and hedge . vinicius lean over the horse 's neck . he urge the animal on . the horse and vinicius reach the hill . on the horizon we see the city engulf in gold and pink , with flash , like distant thunder . scene 51 night_ext_hills around rome the horse on top of the hill rear up on its hind leg . vinicius calm he down and look down on the city . the burn city can be see in the distance , a mass of fire and smoke . vinicius head down towards the city . scene 52 night_ext_rome STREET in FIRE 1 vinicius try to navigate with he horse through the chaotic crowd in the city . the form of people be hard to see through the thick black smoke . every now and then a terrify face , black from the smoke flash into view . scream of pain , anger , and curse can be hear . voice death to nero ! mother killer ! down with the tyrant ! we know he do this ! assassin ! arsonist ! hang they all ! 46 . scene 53 night_ext_ rome STREET close to the crispus house vinicius enter the street on which crispus life . from the entrance of the street fire can be see . the fire quickly move towards the rider , engulf and consume the vine surround he . the horse rear back in fear . a runaway run past . vinicius grab he by he tunic , almost fall off of he horse . vinicius where be they !? runaway there 's no one here ! the Christians have leave for ostrianum ! he disappear in the smoke . the horse turn around . its hoof pound on the flagstone of the street as it disappear into the cloud of smoke . scene 54 night_ext_crispus house_courtyard 2 during the FIRE vinicius on horseback enter a courtyard . there be still tongue of fire on the wall and roof . vinicius hang limply over the horse 's neck . he fall , roll onto the grass and lie on he back . his face be blacken with smoke . he fall unconscious . fade out scene 55 night_ext_burn rome_aqueduct fade in nero 's entourage stop at the edge of a aqueduct . nero take a few step forward and from the top look down on the burn city . they be surround by scorched tree trunk and a grow angry crowd . nero turn to he entourage and recite a short line witha pathetic voice as he gesture towards the burn city . neron homeless ruler of a homeless people , where will I lay my miserable head this night ... from beneath the aqueduct , the roaring of the crowd grow louder . 47 . scene 56 night_ext_burn rome_aqueduct nero tune he zither and look down . strike the string he begin to sing . nero oh star of my ancestor , dear birthplace ... oh star of my ancestor , dear birthplace ... after this few word , he throw the zither into a gap in the aqueduct where it smashes among the crowd below . nero wrap himself in he robe and stand in statuesque pose . a sinister howl come from the crowd down below . crowd where 's caesar !?! he put we in hell ! death to nero ! mother killer ! down with the tyrant ! nodding he head , nero say plaintively nero this be how the people appreciate I and my poetry . tigellinus come up beside he . tigellinus have the praetorian guard call out to attack they , sire . petronius come up on nero 's other side . petronius speak to you people , sire and promise they something . tigellinus glare at petronius . nero raise he head to the sky and with a heavy sigh sarcastically comment on the proposal . nero would you have the divine caesar speak to the rabble ? nero stare at tigellinus . nero you go down to they ! tigellinus lower he head in silence . 48. petronius caesar , I will go . nero yes , you my most faithful ... go and lavish promise on they ! scene 57 night_ext_burn rome_aqueduct petronius alone stand on the edge of the aqueduct , stare at the crowd . he raise he arm and after a while the hubbub subside . crowd petronius ! it 's petronius ! petronius citizen ! from afar , nero listen to petronius , add he own comment to the speech . nero ... and you scum ... petronius the city will be rebuilt . nero ... as soon as we be do with the show ... petronius caesar garden will be open to you . nero ... just do not throw any garbage around or bring you goat ... petronius from tomorrow , grain , wine and oil will be hand out ! nero ... fill you belly till you choke ... petronius then caesar will organise for you game such as Rome have never see before . 49 . nero and will never see again ... petronius great feast and generous gift await you ! nero ... Rome have burnt to the ground - long live Rome ! crowd bread ! bread ! Games ! bread and game ! bread ! bread ! Games ! bread and game ! scene 58 day_ext_crispus house_courtyard 2 burned after the FIRE nazarius lean over vinicius and splashes the rider 's face with water . Marcus vinicius open he heavy eyelid . the sun temporarily blind he . nazarius we house be burn down , master ! vinicius try to pick himself up . vinicius where be she ?! scene 59 day_int_rome_underground cavern a underground cavern . a few light give a faint glow . the cavern be fill with people kneel and praying . nazarius ( off ) there be cave beyond the garden of agrippina . they have take shelter there . stand against a wall be a more clearly illuminate Peter the Apostle . he make the sign of the cross with he hand . peter peace be with you ! the crowd respond with a murmur of pain and fearful voice . 50 . crowd do not abandon we ! do not leave we on this day of judgment ! Peter raise he hand . peter woe to the world , and woe to the sinful . Fire have come to the city of crime , but the Lord have show mercy to that of you wash by baptism ! peace be with you ! Peter move among the crowd , bless they . suddenly , he stand opposite vinicius . vinicius bow he head low . he look around and see a vat of water . someone hand he a twig with a few leave still sway on it . Peter dip it into the water and spray vinicius with it , baptize he . peter I baptize you in the name of the Father , the Son and the Holy Spirit . follow I . scene 60 day_int_rome_modest cottage house_chamber Interior of a modest cottage on the outskirt of the city . lygia be busy hang fish on a line . she do not see vinicius who have enter and be stand , watch he beloved lygia . when lygia turn and see vinicius , she for a moment do not know what to do . but she feeling overcome she doubt and she throw herself into he arm . there be a wooden pigeon sculpture by nazarius sit over they head , on the ledge in the wall . vinicius I promise you that I have never leave you ... lygia and then I 'il say " where you go caius , there go I caia " . vinicius this very day we 'il sail for Sicily . my house be you house . 51 . lygia my heart be you heart . during this time Peter the Apostle have also enter the room . as he see they in such a love and community , he approach they and take vinicius 's right hand and join it with lygia 's right hand . peter Love one another . there be no sin in this love of yours . vinicius look into the eye of lygia . vinicius I , Marcus vinicius , take you lygia callina for my wife and promise that I will not leave you for as long as I live . lygia look into he eye . ligia so help we , Lord God almighty . nazarius run into the room . nazarius the gladiator have revolt . they be kill everyone ! Peter silence he with a gesture and direct he word to vinicius . peter this be a great evil in the distance we hear the grow roar of lion collect in a animal pit . vinicius do not stray away , Father . i’1l come for you . vinicius straiten lygia for the last time and run out of the room . the roar of the lion become increasingly loud and clear . there be upcoming scream of people , as well . 52 . crowd this way ! run! God ! help we ! horror overcome the face of that gather . peter do he abandon his flock ? fade out scene 61 day_int_rome_palatino_nero’s chamber fade in palatino . nero 's chamber . petronius stare at nero . petronius sire , you need to go to hellas . it 's get too dangerous in Rome . tigellinus abruptly interrupt he . tigellinus that be not a good idea ! Civil war could erupt before you get to ostia , sire ! the praetorian may betray we ! angry voice from a crowd approach from a distance . crowd death to the arsonist of Rome ! mother killer ! coward ! death to the tyrant ! arsonist ! burn he at the stake ! burn they all ! nero they have enough grain and oil , what more do they want ? tigellinus Vengeance . nero squint and collect he thought for a moment . suddenly a idea come to mind and he smile evilly . nero and vengeance require a victim , tigellinus . you must go out to they and admit it be you who set fire to Rome . 53 . tigellinus look petrify . after a moment he look at nero 's with defiance . tigellinus I burn Rome on you order ! nero and tigellinus measure each other like wild beast . the sudden voice of faon stand in the doorway to the hall interrupt the moment . faon the divine poppea wish to see tigellinus . scene 62 day_int_rome_palatino_poppea’s chamber poppea 's chamber . the Empress lie on a bed hold the collar of a huge leopard . in front of tigellinus - chilon . tigellinus so , you say that vinicius ...? chilon yes , master . tigellinus and how about petronius ? chilon perhaps ! it may very well be . poppea burst into hysterical laughter . poppea do not be ridiculous , tigellinus . petronius , that lover of life and pleasure - a Christian ? you will not protect we with this . the anger of the people will turn against nero and will fall on I . chilon fall to he knee and crawl towards tigellinus , glance at poppea the entire time . chilon vinicius be with they . I swear ! lygia too be a Christian . they have marry . they mean to disappear from sight , and leave nero in this stench of a burnt city . 54 . tigellinus you come here with with ? you have nothing on petronius ?! chilon rub he finger together insinuate money . tigellinus reject he with a kick . chilon catch the nephew in the net , and the uncle will fall into the trap of he own accord . and may I count on you good grace , master ? scene 63 day_int_rome_palatino_nero’s chamber the room in which nero reside . poppea and tigellinus enter . nero laugh sheepishly , clearly nervous . from afar , under the Palatine , the scream of the crowd can be hear . crowd the mother killer set fire to Rome ! death to nero ! nero it 's get nasty . we have better make we escape to hellas . caesar walk over to tigellinus . tigellinus the people already know that it be caesar who set fire to Rome ! nero if I so desire , I can turn the people against you . tigellinus I have not kill my mother . they remember agrippina and have not forgiven you that ... crime . nero you play you part in it . tigellinus as in everything that go on in the palace . silence . 55 . petronius listen from the side of the room , look out from a window at the hill cover by the figure of the grow crowd . petronius do my ear deceive I , nero ; do you really intend to let this muscle - bound fool have the last word ?! tigellinus look at petronius as if he have be strike with a arrow in the windpipe . all of a sudden he take a more conciliatory tone . tigellinus the people need revenge and ... someone to sacrifice . you have hear , sire , of the follower of this prophet , Christ ? as soon as we agree to have he hang on the cross , they make a God of he . it be they who set fire to Rome ! nero 's face begin to assume a expression of anger , grief and indignation . nero what do this poor city do to deserve such a crime ... at they hand ? and what be Rome to do now , with this beast ? poppea walk up to the emperor . poppea they be you enemy ! punish the arsonist ! tygellinus they go around the city try to convince people to turn against caesar . nero make another theatrical gesture . nero what punishment and torment fit such a crime ? petronius come out of the shadow , silently and intently watch the face of poppea and tigellinus and then nero . he start to talk with a grow power in he voice . 56 . petronius beware , sire , for they will say that nero burn Rome , but throw the blame on the innocent . nero - the coward . tigellinus stand by nero . tigellinus one word from you , and petronius will forever hold he peace . nero look at petronius , cock he head , feel hurt . petronius nero though he have wounded my heart , I still love he like a brother . petronius if you treat you brother as you treat you mother , there will soon be nobody in the world to love you . walk out silently . scene 64 day_ext_petronius palace_collonade + petronius palace_hall_view through the window House of petronius . porter quickly bring a litter through the gate . Eunice be petronius petronius get out and head towards the entrance . there to greet he . eunice vinicius be wait for you ! he want to say goodbye . this very day , he depart with lygia for Sicily . embrace she affectionately . petronius and if it should happen that we have to part ? eunice where you go , master , there I go . petronius some voyage have to be take alone . 57 . eunice take I with you . petronius stroke she golden hair and with he arm around she they both enter the house . from inside can be hear they voice , interrupt by Eunice 's laughter , as if they be child play . petronius ( off ) I have no right to decide about the life of the beautiful Eunice . eunice ( off ) Eunice belong to you . petronius ( off ) then I be the happiest man in Rome . there be some thing that can not be take from I . scene 65 petronius palace hall view through the window he have barely cross the threshold of he house , when petronius must regretfully put a end to Eunice 's joy . petronius forgive I . I do not ask you to accompany I . his face maintain a carefree expression , try to hide he depression . he kiss Eunice on the forehead , turn around , and disappear into he library . scene 66 night_int_petronius palace_library Library . petronius be write , lean over he desk . we see he outline from behind , along with the outline of column lead to the garden . after a few moment , Paul the Apostle appear in the entrance . he stand for a moment look at petronius . paul you do not want she to accompany you and you be set she free . note well God 's goodness and severity : he be severe with cut branch , and for you he be good - if you persist in this goodness . at the sound of he voice , petronius look up , confuse . 58 . petronius who be you ? a thief ? paul they tell I I would find vinicius here . I say to you , I , Paul , a servant of Christ Jesus , call to be a apostle to preach the good news from God . petronius snort and laugh bitterly . petronius " enemy of Rome ! " " arsonist " ! be you here seek revenge ? paul do not mote out justice yourselves , but leave that to God . " I mote out punishment , and I will repay for everything " - say the Lord . do not be overcome by evil , but overcome evil with good . stun by the discussion , petronius stand up and pace the room . petronius good ? what be that compare to wealth , fame and happiness , which the tyrant can destroy at a moment 's notice ? paul wish well for that who persecute you . live in harmony with one another . do not pretend to love , but really love other people . petronius death cancel everything . have you not hear the groan of victim ? paul if we believe that Jesus die and rise again , God will take that who have die in Jesus and lead they into eternity . petronius if God be on you side , what will become of that who be against you ? 59 . petronius lift he head to hear the reply , but Paul be no longer there . scene 67 afternoon_ext_rome_street view_forum romanum Street of Rome . crowd . you can hear the roar and drunken sing of the crowd among the ruin of the still smoking city . crowd Christians to the lion ! they poison we well ! let the animal at they ! get rid of this fanatics ! death to all Christians ! death to all Christians ! the litter with vinicius be have trouble move through the crowd . after a while it disappear into the smoke . scene 69 day_int_petronius palace_library petronius stand with he back to the library table , exactly where Paul stand before . stand in the dark corner , he look out the window at the vegetation grow around the column of the atrium . he do not turn round at the sound of vinicius approach . vinicius ( off ) caesar have accuse the Christians of set fire to Rome ! vinicius , angry , run into the library . petronius have you hide she ? vinicius they send over a hundred praetorian after they . they take everyone away . the elderly , woman and child . do you know about this ? petronius let 's say that I underestimate tigellinus . what about lygia ? vinicius apparently she 's together with the other in prison . 60 . petronius clap he hand . out of nowhere he female servant appear . petronius bring sword and mantle . finally petronius turn around , but he face be still hide in the shadow . petronius you ’1l1 have to bribe the guard to release she immediately . otherwise it will be too late ! vinicius talk to caesar . nero love you . he will release she for you . petronius do you think a man who sentence he own mother to death can love ? today , I be the first he would deprive of a voice and the last person he have like to hear . scene 70 day_ext_rome_prison gate dress in mantle , petronius and vinicius approach the prison wall . as they get closer they see a double line of soldier surround the seal entrance to the prison . crowd arsonit ! they burn down Rome ! death to Christians ! let the animal at they ! get rid of this fanatics ! death to Christians ! throw they to the lion ! let 's rid the city of this fanatics ! death to all Christians ! let 's see they God save they now ! petronius search for the commander , eventually spot he and approach he . it be kricsos . petronius hail , kricsos ! you have be order to guard the jail ? kricsos stand at attention . 61 . kricsos yes , noble petronius . the prefect fear there may be a attempt to free the arsonist . petronius my slave be in there . this be some mistake . I know she well and I know that she have nothing to do with they . kricsos my order be to let no one out ! despite this , petronius take a step forward , niger block he path . petronius do not you dare .... you can hear the clinking of weapon from the praetorian guard . kricsos that mean no one , Sir . vinicius and be you also forbidden to let anyone in ? kricsos .... that be not prohibit . vinicius so tell you man to let I through the cordon . I want to find that who burn down my house . after a few moment of debate this in he head , kricsos give he man the signal to let they in . vinicius turn round , embrace petronius , say goodbye and enter the prison . scene 71 day_int_rome_prison vinicius pass over the threshold of the prison and be envelop in darkness . the hallway and cell be fill with people . they stand calmly , quietly , most of they be praying . word of prayer reverberate throughout the prison . 62 . crowd we Father who art in heaven , hallow be thy name . thy kingdom come . thy will be doneon earth as it be in heaven . give we this day we daily bread , and forgive we we trespasp , as we forgive that who trespass against we , and lead we not into temptation , but deliver we from evil . in the meantime , vinicius wander around helplessly , look for lygia . a centurion approach vinicius ; he lean over and whisper in he hear . centurion I have see you before , sir. in ostrianum . vinicius be you ....? with he long gallic sword the centurion draw a fish in the sand . vinicius I must find lygia . centurion she 's no longer here . vinicius grab he by the shoulder . vinicius do you know where she be now ? the centurion shake he head . vinicius well , do you know how to get out of here ? centurion turn around , nod he head towards vinicius and disappear into the darkness . scene 72 day_ext_rome_prison exit_street vinicius exit through a side door from the darkness of the prison and come out into afternoon sunlight . 63 . he take a few step and encounter the Apostle Paul . he see he , however , from a distance across the entire width of the street . the Apostle look in vinicius 's face . a litter pass between Paul and vinicius . the voice of its porter can be hear . porter make way for the noble chilo ! make way ! vinicius grab the edge of the litter and tip it in he direction . chilon slide across to he , he eye wide with surprise . vinicius greeting to you , chilo . chilon try to cover he face with he arm . chilon hail , vinicius , but do not hold I up . I hasten to my friend tigellinus ! vinicius grab he by the robe and scream . vinicius it be you who betrayed they ! chilon reply arrogantly . chilon my friend , if you have a request , come to my house . I welcome all visitor and client in the morning , after I have take my bath . vinicius be still half hold on to he tunic . slow motion . some invisible force pull vinicius back . he look back and meet the eye of Paul . in one flash of truth there be a explosion of energy and agreement between the two man . vinicius turn he head back on chilon and look deeply into he eye . vinicius May God forgive you . vinicius then finally let go of he tunic and let the litter pass on . 64 . vinicius then look back to where Paul be stand , but he be already go . scene 73 day_ext_appian road + day_ext_appian road_panorama appian Road be empty at this time of a day . there be only a long shadow of peter the apostle , who look ahead at the hilly surround area . beneath he hood you can see he grave expression and tired face . the sun begin to appear from over the hillside . Peter shield he eye with he hand , try to see the white pigeon , which flapped its wing loudly . Peter sink to he knee , rest he hand and head on he staff . around he outline appear a pulsing , golden light . than the single beam of light split like a prism into two streak - one of they be pale pink - another clear luminous . the staff slide from under he and he fall face down in the Sand , he head still cover by he hood . Peter stretch he hand forward as if reach for someone 's foot . silence fall . the golden light fade . Peter raise he head slightly . peter quo vadis , domine ? voice if you abandon my people , I shall go to Rome to be crucify once again . peter Christ ! forgive I ! suddenly , there be nazarius come from the distance . he pull the bridle of a gray donkey . the donkey deny to go with four hoof . each step be difficult for they . nazarius manage to pull up the donkey . the confuse face of nazarius as he bend down over the old man . then from above they a pain voice speak out . the golden light fade as nazarius grab Peter and help he up off he knee . 65 . nazarius let we not delay , Peter , at any time they may catch up with we here . the Apostle Peter get up , and lean on he cane turn around to stare in the direction of Rome . suddenly he head back towards the city . nazarius catch up to he and grab he arm , try to stop he . nazarius where be you go , master ? Peter slowly turn he head , hold he staff in one hand and point towards the city with the other . peter to Rome ! in the distance you can see the Circus . scene 74 day_ext_rome_circus the Arena of the big Circus . View from the imperial terrace towards the audience . nero sit on a elevate podium with the magnificently dress poppea beside he . they be surround by the court . petronius be sit next to tigellinus . chilon be on the right hand side . the place to the leave of petronius be empty . petronius look around . vinicius take a seat next to he uncle . petronius have you find she ? vinicius shake he head . nero look towards petronius and vinicius . he get up . the crowd in the Circus roar and cheer . crowd nero ! nero ! Divine augustus ! Christians to the lion ! 66 . scene 75 day_ext_rome_circus Arena . massive gate be locate on the leave and right side of the arena . the shrill sound of trumpet break the silence . as soon as the trumpet fall silent , the gate on the right side open with a crash . from the black depth of the open gate emerge human figure that slowly move towards the center of the arena . the crowd in the Circus murmur . crowd Christians ! Christians ! Christians ! the Christians huddle together in the middle of the arena , squinting under the sun . they kneel and bow they head together while hold each other . crowd bring on the animal ! the animal ! the trumpet begin to play again . the gate on the leave side of the Circus open . from a black tunnel emerge a lion . behind it , more lion rush out . the animal sniff the air , growl and squint in the bright light . the crowd howl with delight . from the middle of the cluster of Christians come the song - " christus regnat " . scene 76 day_ext_rome_circus the scene be accompany by music . image show from a distance , without dramatic shot . nero 's terrace . with he sapphire monocle , caesar look out on the arena . poppea 's eye shine with excitement . she embrace she husband 's neck and shoulder . tigellinus wear a expression of contempt and triumph . a lion lurk closer , readying to pounce on the tight cluster of kneel people . he pounce and seize in its mouth the neck of a old man . the crowd go wild . increasingly horrify by this sight , chilon slide lower and lower into he seat . the lion drag they victim across the sand , the arena be now fill with the scream of that be murder . 67 . scene 77 day_ext_rome_circus chilon 's head be tilt back unnaturally . face pale , eye close , sweaty forehead . with a wild roar of laughter tigellinus jerk chilon 's arm . tigellinus look ! look ! this be you do ! petronius from behind tigellinus reach out towards chilon . with he carve cane he tap lightly on he pulsate Adam 's apple . petronius the god create he a foul villain . he have become a veritable demon ! but even a demon can not endure this . chilon wheeze , he eye shut tight . he reach break point . chilon enough , caesar ! enough ! vinicius look up . he see something and nudge petronius 's arm . petronius follow he gaze . at the top of the arena stand Peter , make the sign of the cross with he hand . stand in the light , he look like a ghost . vinicius look ! Peter be here ! Peter 's pierce eye be look straight at petronius . instead of Peter , all he can see be 's pigeon in a oncoming white pigeon . petronius I can not see anyone . Peter 's pierce eye be look straight at petronius , even though he deny he existence . suddenly , a big white pigeon be appear , where Peter be suppose to stand . some strange energy pass between they . the howling of the crowd in the Circus mix with the roar of the madden animal . tigellinus lean into nero 's ear . tigellinus I have something even better arrange for tomorrow . 68. scene 78 twilight_ext_rome_palatino garden twilight . Palatine garden . the area where cypress tree once grow be now cover with large cross . on this be tie half naked people , they arm attach to the cross by thick rope , they head hang down , they body cover in bruise and mark from beating . the cross be drape in dry garland of ivy . suddenly a large peal of trumpet . nero look down on the scene from the window of the Palatine . he make a gesture and put he monocle to he eye to examine the nearest cross . on it hang crispus . stand next to nero be the pale chilon , sway on he foot . scene 79 twilight_ext_rome_palatino garden darkness fall . Close - up of the crucify crispus . his head slowly rise . the victim be still alive . he open he eye and stare at chilon . his chap lip move silently , he chest rise with each breath as he face shine . he whisper . crispus I forgive and ask for forgiveness . tigellinus set the fire . the ivy be immediately light , lighting up the main avenue of the garden as the flame travel up the shaft of the cross . chilon 's white robe shine yellow and purple in the reflection of the fire . he hide he face in he hand and be shake by spasm . scene 80 twilight_ext_rome_palatino garden chilon run down the middle of the avenue past the burn cross , the flame whipping at he as he try to find a exit from the garden . once past the fire , he trip and fall , crash to the ground . 69 . scene 81 twilight_ext_rome_palatine garden a hood figure bend over chilon and touch he arm . chilon fear to open he eye . chilon I be curse , damned . the face of Paul emerge from under the hood . paul I bring you salvation . chilon for I there can be no salvation . Paul then draw a cross on he forehead . from chilon 's chest come a moan . chilo Christ ! the Apostle Paul disappear back into the darkness . scene 82 twigliht_ext_rome_palatine garden trumpets , noise and fanfare . suddenly out of the darkness emerge a figure wear a soot cover robe . he stand in front of the imperial retinue . it be chilon . he point at nero . chilo murderer of you own mother ! woe to you ! it be you who set fire to Rome . and Rome will have its vengeance on you . you time have pass . he point dramatically at the burn cross . chilon I swear that the innocent be be kill here . the arsonist of Rome be this one ! this man ! with he right hand chilon point at nero and freeze in that pose . silence fall . at first single voice be hear , then a grow number of ominous cry rise up from the crowd . 70 . crowd arsonist ! murderer ! tyrant ! mother killer ! despot ! redbeard ! down with caesar ! down with tyranny ! scene 83 twiglight_ext_rome_palatine garden a still burn stake collapse in front of the caravan of horse , scare they and knock chilon to the ground . his head and neck be shower with spark and burn splinter . the frighten horse panic and stampede , trample chilon . wheel run over he limp body . fade out scene 84-85 day_int_rome_palatino_nero’s chamber fade in voice ( off ) arsonist ! murderer ! tyrant ! mother killer ! nero the murderous dog ! who set we city on fire ?! you burnt my house , you dog ! we will have vengeance ! chamber in pallatino - the palace of the emperor . nero be walk around the chamber . tigellinus the ship be wait in naple , caesar . nero so we shall take a vacation on hellas after all ? petronius stand before caesar . petronius before you sail sire , and deprive we of you divine presence , do faithful petronius one last favour . nero what 's that suppose to mean ? petronius bless the young couple . 71 . nero you be get marry ? petronius vinicius want to marry the lygian hostage . tigellinus nero , she 's one of they . she 's in the prison . petronius she find herself there through you stupidity , tigellinus . tigellinus 's face turn black with anger . nero squint suspiciously . nero one thing that worry I , petronius , be that you take side with the arsonist . now nero look at tigellinus . nero we will organise a wedding the like of which Rome have never see . scene 86 twilight_ext_rome_petronius palace_collonade twilight . in front of petronius 's home . the sky be cover in drive cloud . fire light in the house cast long shadow along the wall . lean against the column of the house be vinicius , wait for word from petronius . at the sight of he chariot , he jump up and wait at the front for it to stop . vinicius tell I that you bring she freedom ! petronius do not reply right away . then from the darkness appear a figure in a gray tunic . he 's obviously in hide . he look around nervously , make sure he be not be follow . he whisper . nazarius be that you , noble vinicius ? 72 . vinicius nazarius ? where do you come from ? nazarius I have a message from lygia . in she fever she keep repeat you name . ursus be with she . vinicius how do you know this ? nazarius I know a centurion . vinicius I be go with you ! nazarius begin to run off in panic . he stop , turn , and from a distance convey the most important part of he message . nazarius lygia ask you , master , to persevere in you love and trust of God . nazarius raise he eye towards heaven . the moonlight filter directly onto he face . suddenly the heaven open with lightning and thunder . the sudden downpour soak they . nazarius disappear in the pour rain and darkness . vinicius cry out to he , but the rain drown out he word . vinicius I will wait for she ! always ! petronius wrap he arm around vinicius and forcefully bring he inside . petronius ( off ) pull yourself together , soldier . or pray , if you know how . scene 87 day_ext_rome_circus Circus . brilliant sunlight . nero be on the terrace . with he be tigellinus , poppea , and even hasto , pitagoras and faon . the sand in the arena have turn to pool of mud from the rain . 73 . petronius sit away from nero , in a adjacent terrace , next to vinicius , who be as white as a sheet . with dark ring under he eye , he stare at the gate . behind they armed praetorian hold prisoner . as always , a peal of trumpet mark the beginning of the spectacle . nero be curious how the spectacle be affect petronius and he nephew . he can not resist stare at they through he monocle . suddenly he burst out laugh and shout to tigellinus , who be lean on nero 's chair . nero I underestimate you , tigellinus . you be worse than I . tigellinus I have lesson from the best master nero . nero I can do anything , but you have manage to amaze petronius himself . look ! petronius look pale and exhaust . he slowly stand up . now he can be see stand tall above the other , stare at one point in the arena . he slowly turn he head and look straight at nero . very slowly and clearly he speak over the noise of the trumpet . petronius if they God really exist , what will become of that who be against him ? the gate on the right open , revealing the dark abyss of a tunnel . a moment later a huge athletic figure emerge . ursus enter the arena . struck almost blind by the ray of the sun , he squint and look around . he be half naked and devoid of any weapon . he kneel down and bow he head as if in prayer . he freeze in that position . the crowd begin to murmur , then scream . 74 . scene 88 day_ext_rome_circus the leave gate open and a enormous german bull run out . it have a half naked girl tie to its back . with chap lip , a pale vinicius whisper vinicius God , I trust in you . he close he eye and mouth a silent prayer . ursus see lygia hang limply across the bull 's back . he charge towards the bull and extend he hand . ursus ( savage war cry ) ruuaaaaah ! the bull rear its powerful head , its horn rip ursus 's leave side . blood pour from the wound . ursus ( a warrior 's shout of pain ) urraah ! ursus fall to the ground as the crowd roar and the bull run around the arena . crowd get he ! get he ! kill the giant ! bleed he like a bull ! the injure ursus struggle to get up . he size up the beast and then lunge at it , grab it by the horn . ursus ( warrior 's savage grunt and cry ) uuurrrrrrrah ! the bull start shaking its head . ursus tighten he muscle around the bull 's neck . the animal push back . ursus plant he foot in the ground , halting the beast 's advance and they remain momentarily freeze . a murmur of admiration rise from the crowd . ursus begin to twist the bull head . strain he muscle to they limit , he throw the beast to the ground . the animal 's head , hold in the giant 's vise - like grip , begin to tilt downward . the beast let out a roar as it begin to foam at the mouth . 75 . a moment later , ursus twist the bull 's head into a unnatural position . Roaring , it fall to the sand , kick with its hoof . ursus kneel over the fall beast , take hold of lygia and lift she up . the arena go crazy . crowd giant ! giant ! giant ! giant ! ursus hold she body up as he move towards the imperial terrace . the air be fill with the sound of thousand of scream spectator . ursus kneel , hold up lygia , extend she towards caesar . crowd giant ! giant ! giant ! giant ! scene 89 day_ext_rome_circus Imperial terrace . nero look down , squinting . clearly upset , he throw down he monocle . he look around . the crowd chant . crowd mercy ! mercy ! mercy ! free they ! free they ! free they ! mercy ! mercy ! free they ! free they ! mercy ! mercy ! set they free ! from all side thumb go up - a sign of mercy . the whole arena be a forest of raise thumb . nero do not want to accept they decision . he be furious . he look to poppea , faon and the other for support . however , everyone be show the thumb up . nero direct he gaze at tigellinus . the pressure of the chant crowd be enormous . crowd arsonist ! murderer ! tyrant ! mother killer ! despot ! redbeard ! down with caesar ! nero the murderous dog ! down with tyranny ! tigellinus gaze at the crowd . in the end , he too reluctantly raise he thumb . suddenly , the crowd once again start shouting malevolently at caesar . nero still have yet to deliver he judgment . he keep look for at least one thumb turn down to support he decision . 76 . he look at petronius . they stare at each other for a while . first , second , third look . and suddenly petronius raise he hand and then hold this position , without take he eye off nero , he change direction and show a thumb down . it be just as petronius expect . nero despise he former friend , see in he the antithesis of everything he hate in he own life . he can not bear the think of act like petronius . caesar 's thumb slowly drift upwards . a look of relief pass over petronius 's face . scene 90 day_int_circus_dark corridor to the STREET view ursus walk down the corridor lead from the arena towards the light come into the Circus from the street . vinicius stand in the sun 's ray , on the other side of the bar . the guard open the gate of the Circus and ursus take a step towards freedom . he give vinicius the body of the unconscious lygia . vinicius turn round , carry he beloved away towards a new life , away from the Circus , away from Rome . scene 91 day_int_rome_petronius palace_library + ext_rome_panorama the morning light penetrate to the library . petronius lean on Eunice 's arm . they sit in the library , next to the window , overlook the garden , huddle in a beam of sunlight , stare into the distance , motionless . the centurion hasto stand at the door behind they . even he do not want to disturb this peace and wait a moment before speak up . hasto on caesar 's order , petronius , I bring you death sentence . the camera zoom out from the centurion 's face and continue as petronius and Eunice enter the frame , lean against each other , they head touch . when we finally see they face , they be freeze in a smile , but devoid of life . they eye be close . 77 . off screen can be hear a whisper conversation , but the camera still continue to move backwards . in addition , go upwards - slowly like a balloon , like a soul escape the body . petronius ( off ) do you think vinicius and lygia have reach Sicily by now ? eunice ( off ) oh , yes . surely . they be carry on the wing of love . petronius ( off ) it 's time we also take a journey . eunice ( off ) finally , master , I 'il have you at my side , forever . petronius ( off ) it 's a pity you do not wish to stay . in my testament I leave you all my property . eunice ( off ) where we be go now , we will not lack anything ! the camera go on , float , leave the body of the people below and flow over the petronius Palace garden . suddenly , there be a white pigeon take flight . the camera follow he . scene 92 ext_rome_panorama the camera continue to float , follow the pigeon . camera soar for bird so high that suddenly find itself among the cloud . dairy light completely overlight the view . when the camera break through the cloud , you can see the landscape , which be fill to the horizon with a_ waterline , or mirror , or cloud . how aviator lose the consciousness of he position , so we do not know at first that we see only a reflection of a bird . the camera follow the pigeon as in a dream , farther and farther . 78 . after a moment , the prospect of full of light , glare and seductive color show its unreal , heavenly meaning . paul ( off ) if I speak in the tongue of man or of angel , but do not have love , I be only a resounding go or a clanging cymbal . if I have the gift of prophecy and can fathom all mystery and all knowledge , and if I have a faith that can move mountain , but do not have love , I be nothing . if I give all I possess to the poor and give over my body to hardship that I may boast , but do not have love , I gain nothing . Love be patient , love be kind . it do not envy , it do not boast , it be not proud . it do not dishonor other , it be not self - seek , it be not easily angere , it keep no record of wrong . Love do not delight in evil but rejoice with the truth . it always protect , always trust , always hope , always persevere . thus faith , hope and love - this three endure : but the great of this be love .