fade in : int . waiting room - day a sign feature the U.S. flag tell we that we be on the premise of " R & D : imagining our future " . stan ( twenty ) wait . nervously . a guard wait with he . Stan tap instruction into he " bee " , a device he wear like a wristwatch . stan's guide ( a hologram that be he information interface with the world ) pop up in front of he , in the form of a sexy blonde , who smile seductively : stan's guide hey Stan . stan message ? stan's guide sorry , sweetie . Stan tap he bee , and she change look and voice as she continue ( he 's scrolling through different version of he guide ) : stan's guide how ' bout some music while you wait ? you love that new cut by -- a door open . Stan tap he bee ; he guide disappear . 0 walk in . he 's a male android who look completely human -- like a executive in a business suit : calm , easy , self - assure -- except that he 's quick , sleeker , more efficient . his ( human ) assistant , mandy , accompany he . 0 sorry to keep you wait , Stan , busy day . 0 nod to the Guard , who leave . Stan blurt out anxiously : stan listen , I know I blow the last -- 0 we do not expect anybody to get it right all the time , human be not capable of that . Stan be not sure whether this be good or bad ... 0 joke , Stan , loosen up . what we look for be imagination , nobody bat a thousand . I have get good news : we be go to promote you . Stan relax : maybe everything be okay . 0 they be go to adjust you retinal scan for security , Mandy will fill you in . if you have any question , just give I a shout . Mandy open a door to a anteroom . Stan , hearten , go through the door . smell something . stop , panicked . turn back -- but the door slam shut . a blind red light flash around the door frame . 0 it 's the smell that frighten they , we need to work on that . mandy ( make a note ) smell like X bomb -- that kind of sensory - inspire fear be hard to get rid of in we human -- 0 smile -- a smile that turn you blood cold . Mandy realize she 's commit a faux - pas -- and be frighten : mandy sorry about that " we human " , be not think . 0 I be not sensitive , you know that . mandy I also know you want to be treat as if you be like we . 0 shrug it off , and stride out , tapping he bee , which be implant in he wrist : 0 we be come to look at potential replacement for Stan of the holloway family -- CUT to : ext . the CITY - day welcome to America a few year from now . it do not look very different from today . it 's much more crowded -- large building hunch up against each other , soar shaft of steam plume out of building and up from beneath the street -- but everything be organize , clean and emphatically fun : more disneyland than blade runner . the busy mass of people be polite -- if very much in they own world , occupy with they be and guide . they pay little attention to ( if they notice at all ) the bomb site everywhere . a cafe , a church , the whole front of a building be all be repair by efficient , partially automated crew . the destruction be hide by temporary wall , onto which ( like the wall of all the building ) be project news , entertainment and ad . it 's all bright , upbeat and distracting ... like this ad : announcer upgrade to you new , free bee 6.0 today and receive two thousand free credit , plus fifteen point toward premiere status . the announcer morph as people pass , they own be alter the announcer 's look and voice : announcer bee 6 feature senseworks , we fresh new interface that make it easier than ever to change you guide . do not like blond ? go . want you guide 's voice lower ? you sense be we command . and you own custom image and vocabulary style be easier than ever to upload . the bee device in the ad morph into a smile honey bee . announcer remember , we be you bee -- but to we , you be always a . a boy pass the ad . the bee wink at he . he pull he mother 's sleeve : little boy mommy mommy , I want it -- CUT to : int . grocery store - day a woman in a leather jacket and jeans ( tina ) put a jar of mayonnaise into she grocery bag and walk out of the store . there 's no checker ; nowhere to pay . instead , as she leave , she hologram guide ( a studly guy ) pop up in front of she : tina's guide yo Tina , that 's thirty - six buck , twenty cent . want to take that outa you general account ? tina yeah . ext . STREET - day Tina come upon a bank that have just be bomb . it 's still smolder , worker be pull out body , and slide in temporary wall to mask the devastation . Tina be the only passer - by who stop and look . her studly guide try to distract she : tina's guide this branch be close , babe , there 's one at Main and Sixth . Tina peer at the damage inside the bank . smile . tina's guide hey Tina , I get real - time video of Michael Jackson be release from prison right this minute ! video of , yes , Michael Jackson get out of prison be project from Tina 's bee onto a temporary wall as it be fix into place , block Tina 's view of the bomb bank . CUT to : ext . seedy apartment build - day Tina pass a lamp -post . zoom into the lamp -- surveillance video ( from the lamp - post ) Tina go into the building . int . seedy apartment - day Tina walk into the microscopic one- room apartment . the only window be black - out with aluminum foil , which be cover on the inside with a something white and gooey . two other cell member ( a man dress as a gardener and a teenaged boy ) assemble three bomb at the kitchen table . gardener you get they ? Tina take three metal vial of liquid out of she purse . hand one to the gardener , another to the teenager , and slip the third into she pocket . the teenager start to open he vial -- tina ( alarmed ) not now ! rattled , the teenager put the unopen vial into he pocket . CUT to : int . conference room - day 0 stride in , trail by Mandy . two assistant who have be argue with each other immediately quiet themselves . 0 so. replacement for the brother in the holloway family . first assistant ( jump in quickly ) hank Skinner -- the four wall come alive with surveillance video of hank ( twenty ; a normal , worker - bee , upwardly mobile guy -- or that 's what he want to believe ; underneath , he 's intuitive , creative , bright -- but he deny this quality even to himself , sense that they be not useful , even suspect ) . first assistant smart , funny , loyal , hard worker -- second assistant he 's risky , he parent be revolutionary -- member of the so-called free Republic . 0 do I detect sarcasm ? they have the right to call themselves whatever they like , it 's a free country . second assistant they engage in illegal act against the State -- 0 and they fail , nobody remember anything about they any more , they do not engage the popular imagination . not surprising with a name like " free Republic " . first assistant ( pointedly , to second Assistant ) anyway , they be dead . ( to 0 ) year ago , car accident -- 0 that work for we . second assistant unless the apple do not fall far from the tree . 0 any sign of revolutionary sympathy ? second assistant hard to say , he keep he head down . first assistant we would know . I mean ... he gesture to the surveillance info that surround they . second assistant but we do not necessarily know , surveillance do not tell we everything -- be not that why we be recruiting this people for R & D ? 0 it 's about balance . you want they to have initiative , be curious , creative -- but not too much . first assistant and that 's why hank 's perfect . this be take this morning -- the wall display surveillance video shot through window , from satellite , etc . it 's much better than back in 2004 : crisp and clear , if always from outside . int . hank's apartment - day ( surveillance video ) ( a nice but miniscule apartment . ) hank , in he boxer , sit beside he bed , draw on a sketchpad . first assistant ( 0.s. ) wait till you see this ... surveillance video from another angle outside the apartment move in on hank's sketch : the sketch be of he girlfriend val , who be asleep in bed . look just like she -- except that he have draw she pregnant , and she do not look it . first assistant ( 0.s. ) Val abbott , they have be together off and on since college , she move in for the first time five month ago when she lose she job -- second assistant ( 0.s. ) live - in girlfriend , that 's a problem . 0 ( 0.s. ) or something we can use . Val wake up . hank put away the sketchpad -- but not quick enough . she reach for it . he hold it away . she think it 's a game , tickle hank to make he let go of the pad : val come on , let I see -- she see that he have draw she pregnant . freezes . val how would you know ? hank ( disappointed ) why do not you tell I ? val I just find out yesterday , I be go to but ... hank not a good sign , be it ? about we . he force a smile . get up and head to the bathroom . int . conference room - day photo of hank 's sketches pop up on the wall screen . they uncannily capture the subject ' mood , thought , secret . first assistant he see people -- perceive who they be , what they want , what they be hide . right up we alley . 0 very promise . second assistant but she 's pregnant -- would he be willing to leave she behind ? 0 he seem ambivalent , maybe we can take advantage of that if we move fast . have we get a way into he ? intercut with surveillance video from the wall screen : int . dave' apartment - day ( surveillance video ) one-room , puny ( all the home be claustrophobic ) . a sickly man ( dave skinner , thirty ) stumble from bed to the bathroom . first assistant hank 's older brother Dave . only sibling , no other relative . neuroendocrine carcinoma . stable now but still suffer . 0 he can not afford a sci ? and neither , I suppose , can hank . first assistant neither of they be even close to premiere status . 0 that 's a nice shiny carrot . other image be project onto the wall screen : hank at work , at the gym ; out to dinner will Val , on vacation , etc . first assistant hank do not lose he cool . anything go wrong , he suck it up and keep everything under control . do not even vote -- seem politically indifferent . a perfect citizen . second assistant or he 's a revolutionary in disguise , keep a low profile . first assistant there 's no sign of that . also , he 's a great match for the holloway family . he have a strong , creative mother , a preoccupy father , one sibling -- second assistant the holloway matriarch be a grandmother , not a mother , the sibling be a sister , not a brother -- first assistant the psychological and emotional dynamics match , the all bode well for a easy adjustment . second assistant I have get some troubling file footage -- a new video file appear on a wall screen : int . sport bar - night ( surveillance video ) hank be out with some buddy , among they duane . different sport game with odd ticker be broadcast on screen , as the guy eagerly place bet with they be : hank duane get it , get it away from -- catch the ball you -- duane 's guide , a naked bimbo , pop up : 10 . duane's guide hey handsome , that dickhead palmer just lose you two hundred buck . hank ( laugh ) you bet on palmer ? palmer ? what 's wrong with you ? he grab duane 's arm , slip duane 's bee off he wrist -- hank tap duane's guide duane , you bee 's off ! duane I will lose point -- ! some instruction into duane 's bee -- duane's guide hey stud , they just dock you twenty premiere point -- and you be so close to premiere status -- duane hank come on , quit mess -- hank point he bee at duane 's bee . laser communication shoot between they -- duane 's bimbo guide hiccup and rewind , then giggle at he : duane's guide ooo -- you just upgrade , sexy , you be more massive than ever ! welcome to bee 6.0 . hank you bet 's erase . check it out . hank slip the bee back on duane 's wrist . duane how would you do that ? hank make sure nobody 's watch , then whisper to duane -- surveillance video find a different angle and push in : hank when it be re-writ you software , it write over the last two minute . 11 . int . conference room - day 0 lot of people figure out that bug . second assistant do we want that people work for R & D ? first assistant they be exactly the people we need -- resourceful , imaginative -- second assistant anti-establishment ? maybe even revolutionary ? I know it 's a balance act find the right kind of recruit , but we can not keep erring in the wrong direction . 0 that 's why I be here -- android be much better equip for risk - assessment than human . the second Assistant , chasten , nod . as o head out : 0 besides , if he do not work out , he can always be promote . CUT to : int . hank's apartment - day hank and Val grab breakfast , move around each other with the ease of people who know each other well -- and with the caution of lover who know the ice be thin : hank I get this chem - berry for you . val they be so expensive -- hank do not worry about it . val easy for you to say . he dish the berry into a bowl for she . end of discussion . 12 . val . thanks . ( eat they , can not help but smile : ) remember that trip we take to the coast -- when you could still pick berry for real ? hank this be sweeter . val ( diving in :) I do not tell you about ... that I be pregnant because I do not want it to be the reason . the reason we split up or stay together . hank nod , pour ingredient into a blender . val I know you be scared , I be scared , too -- hank I be not scared . val hank -- let I in for once ... hank turn on the blender . she turn it off . val you know , the world will not come to a end if you let I know how you feel once in a while . hank I do not feel thing as strong as you do -- he turn the blender back on . she speak over it : val I see you sketching -- you see thing , you feel thing most people can not -- how else could you have know I be -- hank they be just drawing , they do not mean anything . she turn off the blender : 13. val just cause you mother be a artist and get in trouble -- hank this have nothing to do with they . val then what be you scared of ? hank I be not scared . it 's just -- the only thing that 's private any more be how you feel , it 's the only thing that 's all yours . val ( not what she want to hear ) you want this baby ? otherwise ... hank otherwise what ? val .» I do not know . sanction abortion be expensive . hank not like we do not have the money . val I do not -- I do not have a job , I do not have a apartment -- hank you have here . val not if we split up . hank you can stay here , I have get a job , I have get money , we can do whatever we want . val . so what do that mean , you want to ? get a abortion ? hank what do you want ? 14 . val I want to know what you want . hank ... I do not know . sorry , really , it 's just sudden -- look , I gotta get to work , we will talk about it tonight -- okay ? val I know this would screw up everything . hank ( draw she close ) it will be okay . tonight , okay ? another angle - surveillance video capture they kissing goodbye . reveal o in he office watch they on he wall - screen . he get up briskly . CUT to : int . the seedy apartment - day Tina , the gardener and the teenager coat the three bomb with the mayonnaise Tina buy at the store , then wrap they in aluminum foil . they then place the bomb in a backpack , a purse and a plastic bag . a tv be on in the bg : ad on tv -- the new Sierra spring surgery Clinic where you will find a full array of aesthetic service . skin , height , voice -- you can be everything you want to be , and you do not even need premiere status -- CUT to : int . hank's office - day hank talk on a speaker - phone while work on a virtual keyboard and monitor that be project onto the desk in front of he ( they move with he , since they be project from a small computer that hang around he neck ) : 15 . o walk in . 0 flash hank we can hub everything through Detroit -- boss ( v.0 . ) I tell you , Detroit 's back up -- hank can I help you ? boss ( v.0 . ) you better or you be out of here . 0 ( imitate hank 's voice ) I will get right back to you . end call . hank hey -- ! a identity hologram from he palm : hank you be a android . 0 do not tell I you be racist . that would not be like you , not with you parent . hank ( tapping he bee ) get my boss back on the line -- 0 I be here to offer you a job. ( smile ) I be hope that my antagonize you boss will work in my favor . CUT to : ext . STREET - day hank and o walk past ad ( " ' real world 50 ' - surveillance have never be so much fun ! " ; " new no - boil rice - remember , the surgeon general have determine steam be unhealthy ... " ) 0 we work with law enforcement agency -- hank ( skeptical ) so it 's a government job . 0 we be outsource . I do not need to tell you it 's a dangerous world , hank . people want law enforcement to be like garbage collection -- just take away the bad stuff , do not make they see it . they do not want to worry , they want we to worry for they . ext . park entrance - day hank and o approach the entrance to the park : 0 we have become very efficient at gather data . we can see and hear pretty much everything we want to . I know more about you than you would like I to . but . what we can not do be get into people 's imagination . that 's where you come in . hank I be not a psychologist or a -- hank 's hologram guide ( pablo picasso ) pop up : hank's guide Park visit be twenty dollar each hour . 0 Picasso , huh ? o wave he imbed bee over hank 's wrist -strap bee . hank's guide most recent charge delete . 0 it 's on the house . hank 's guide disappear . they walk into the park : 16 . 17 . 0 Picasso see into people 's soul , you artist do that , you be empathetic to emotion -- hank I be not a artist , I just draw people once in a while -- 0 how would you know you girlfriend be pregnant ? hank gape at he : how would he know that ? 0 I tell you we know more about you than you would like . how would you know ? hank I start sketching she and I -- I guess I see something -- 0 exactly : we can not see that . ext . another part of the park - day the park be perfect : clean , sunny , the tree immaculately trim , the water antiseptically clean . 0 look at this park , it 's perfect -- too perfect , I be tell . I mean I like it , but then I be synthetic . it should have be design by people like you instead of by bureaucrat with computer . hank what do this have to do with -- 0 Technology , despite its advance , have no heart . and therefore it can not read heart . turn out that 's the miss link in the security puzzle . hank look , I be just a regular guy -- 18 . 0 you may want to be , but you be not . you can not actually enjoy that job of yours -- hank it 's a good job -- 0 well , it will be wait for you if you do not like we job . hank I do not get it -- I would be , what , " imagine " stuff all day ? drawing sketches of terrorist ? 0 it 's more about elaborate on data . hank you have get people train for that , intelligence officer -- 0 Intelligence , not imagination -- different wiring . we get lot of chatter which we know be important but which defy a logical approach . people like you help we figure out what the bad guy intend . hank I do not see how . 0 you will once you start do it . whether you know it or not , by sense what people feel , you can extrapolate motive and thought . everybody we recruit feel the way you do at first . but it work . hank so this have be successful ? 0 know how we finally win the war in Syria ? we hire some Hollywood screenwriter to imagine what the bad guy would do next . ( more ) 19 . o ( cont would ) we can not miss the next attack because we can not imagine what it could be . a child 's ball bounce towards they ... o snatch it , hurl it at hank . hank , startle , catch it . without miss a beat , o take a swing at hank . hank instinctively block 0' punch with he leave arm , without let go of the ball in he right hand . 0 ambidextrous . hank ( what the hell be he do ? ) . so what ? a little boy approach . 0 hand the ball back to the Boy : 0 careful , you do not want to lose the nice ball , do you ? ( move hank along ) Michelangelo be ambidextrous , do you know that ? also Einstein . they do a autopsy on Einstein 's brain , he have a much larger profusion of capillary interlace the cerebral cortex than average human . ( smile at hank 's confusion ) the two hemisphere of he brain be more evenly balanced -- like yours . you make connection other people can not . ext . park entrance - day hank and o return to the entrance : 0 the world be better , safer than it use to be . lot of people work hard to make that happen -- you parent in they own way . but there be still many terrorist group try to destroy we . we have make you life easy -- should not you give something back ? 20 . hank I see you be program for guilt . 0 ( laugh ) and for bribery -- the job have great benefit : you will live ina luxurious , spacious house with other member of you family -- hank family ? 0 we get the best result when this research group think of themselves as family -- it incubate they potential skill . hank I be almost with you , but that 's just too weird -- 0 you will be make five figure weekly , and upgrade immediately to premiere status . that should come in handy with thing like you brother 's illness . hank gape at he : this be too creepy . he make a decision : hank thanks for the offer , but ... ( shake he head , no ) o hand hank a card . it read : " R & D : imagining our future " , and there 's a embed code on it . 0 I hope you change you mind . o watch hank walk away . o 's second Assistant appear on o 's bee : second assistant I have get some other candidate -- 0 not so fast . second assistant he say no . 21 . 0 but I have not . CUT to : ext . lake - day hank and duane , in sweat , row in a scull on a lake . hank tap hank nod . hank's guide -- Val 's not answer she bee . hank she leave a message for I ? hank's guide no . you want to leave another message for she ? hank yeah -- no -- hank's guide I be a artist , I do not have time for this shit . he bee ; he guide disappear : hank I gotta download a new guide . duane trouble in val-adise ? hank no no , everything 's cool -- just we usual stuff , you know ? duane let I tell you something , buddy , there 's nothing better out there . duane when're you and Val gonna set I up with that girlfriend of hers ? Cause this day it 's just my bee and my right hand , dude . hank yechh . the lake suddenly sputter into a digital mess around they -- 22 . then it " shut off " , revealing they be actually in a activity room at the gym , on a scull machine . the lake be a virtual projection . hank 's guide pop up : hank's guide sorry hank , you be out of credit . hank that 's impossible -- hank's guide want I to try you savings account ? hank yeah , I get ton of -- hank's guide nothing in that account either . hank what ? it 's get to be a glitch -- CUT to : ext . STREET - night hank stride , talk with a bank supervisor project as a hologram in front of he : bank supervisor you account be withdraw today at -- hank but you need the password to do that -- bank supervisor do anybody else have access to you password ? hank get really worried , break into a run -- CUT to : int . hank's apartment - night the apartment be dark . there 's a key in the door , and then soft light , romantic music , and wall - to - wall sunset image all switch on automatically . hank rush in : hank Val ? 23 . the closet be half -empty . he hurry to the bathroom : same thing . Val 's go . he slump onto the bed , touch she pillow ... CUT to : ext . train station - night hank 's guide lead hank through the crowded station -- hank's guide -- the signal from she bee place she on the next platform -- hank follow he guide onto -- a empty platform . hank she 's not here . hank's guide yes she be . hank no she 's not . hank's guide do not yell at I , I be just a device . hank double - check the -- hank's guide the signal from she bee be come from this location . hank ( figure it out ) ... she take it off and toss it here . oh shit ... hank's guide incoming urgent call from Dave . CUT to : int . hospital - night hank rush in to find Dave look terrible , lie in a er cubicle , surround by medical device . it 's horrible : hank Dave ... 24 . dave so weird , I just faint . they say it can come back like that . hank that suck . dave I be so sick of always ask you for stuff . hank the procedure ? do not worry about it -- dave drug , all that shit , I be sure I bring this on myself -- hank that 's crazy -- dave easy for you to say . perfect son , perfect health , never a trouble - maker -- hank so , what , this be my fault ? dave I do not say that . it 's just -- maybe I should just ... hank ( call he on it : ) what ? maybe you should just what ? dave where be you gonna get the money for the procedure ? hank I will take that job -- dave oh no you will not , Mom and dad '1l1 curse I from the grave . hank so what do you want I to do ? dave you can not work for the bad guy . 25 . hank ( talk himself into it ) Mom and dad be wrong , universal surveillance be not so bad -- it keep we safe , right ? dave you really feel safe ? hank sure . dave I have not feel safe a minute of my life since they die . ( admire he ) somehow you get they ... bigness , they steadiness . hank come on -- dave you come on -- do not pretend you do not , not now . hank ( see it mean so much to he : ) . okay . dave even when you be a kid -- Mom would be finger - painting with you , I would turn up the tv loud , but she would not even look at I , not even to tell I to turn it down . she would stand behind you , tell you to concentrate , not listen to the tv , just zone it out and concentrate on whatever you be painting . she would put she hand over yours and you paint together . hank how do you remember this ? I do not even remember it -- dave the fridge be plaster with you shit . ( more ) 26 . dave ( cont would ) one of you finger - painting , a sunflower , you masterpiece , it stay there till ... ( then ) I be just so scared , man . hank grab Dave 's hand : hank you be gonna be okay . CUT to : ext . uni - church - night hank , deep in think , walk up the step of the uni-church . hank's guide you be out of credit . uni- Church cost fifty dollar for thirty minute . ( disparagingly ) religion . hank I will go on interest . hank's guide you have be approve , ten percent interest per week . CUT to : int . uni - church - anteroom - night hank walk in . a digital sign list church one , two , three , etc. , each designate occupied or available . hank's guide we be in Church four . int . church four - night hank walk into a empty room . there be pews , but nothing else : no religious iconography or decoration . hank's guide Catholic ? Methodist ? jewish ? hank the usual . and the video screen wall become a quaker meeting House . 27 . hank's guide sermon ? hank ( sarcastic ) do it cost extra without ? int . o's office - night 0 watch hank in the uni-church on he wall screen . hank sit in a pew , alone . hank's guide want you customize news ? I can order you usual take - out from chi and it will be ready when you -- hank turn off he bee , he guide disappear . it 's completely silent . a first . hank sit and think . back to 0 o's eye shine , glue on hank , fascinate by he -- hank take the sketch of pregnant Val out of he pocket -- 0 o 's breathe become shallow -- what 's hank go to do ? hank take out the card o give he . wave the card over he bee . hank's guide dial . back to 0 whose phone ring . o lean back , relieved . wipe sweat off he upper lip -- not very android-like behavior . he smile and answer the phone . CUT to : 28. int . office build hallway - day o lead hank toward a lab : hank you say this be a trial basis . 0 absolutely . hank I need you help find my girlfriend , she 's disappear -- 0 disappear -- or leave you ? hank I just need to find she . 0 that should not be a problem . hank and I need a advance on my salary . 0 consider it do . welcome to Research and development . he hold open a door for hank -- CUT to : int . lab - day a lab tech select a earwig ( a tiny device that fit in the ear ) from a tray : tech this will not hurt . hank regards the earwig warily as the tech bring it to hank 's ear : tech you can trust I , I be program specifically for this task . he fit it in hank 's ear -- 0 ( v.0 . ) hey handsome . 29 . tech go ahead and answer he . hank there 's no mike -- 0 ( v.0 . ) do not need one , I can hear you . zoom into hank's ear the earwig sprout leg , and burrow into hank 's ear , clamping down -- hank ( 0.s. ) hey ! something 's wrong -- hank reach into he ear : lab tech it 's adjust so it will not fall out . hank but how do I take it out ? o ( v.0 . ) you do not . CUT to : int . locker room - day the teenage cell member , surround by student , open he locker . put in that backpack into which we see he place he bomb . hold on the backpack -- CUT to : int . office - day - close on tina's purse as Tina set the purse contain she bomb in a drawer at she desk , and walk out . hold on the purse in the drawer -- CUT to : ext . holloway house - day hank approach , slow in amazement . it 's a big old wood craftsman house , a real throw - back . the city have build up around it , enclose it ... 30 . hank knock on the door . it 's open by mrs . jackson , sixty - ish , with a big , kind grandmotherly smile -- but make no mistake , she 's sharp , and the sugar mask vinegar underneath : mrs . jackson Mr. Skinner , you be here . be the traffic bad ? we be worried ... hank step in , through the look - glass -- int . holloway house - day hank worried ...? mrs . jackson well , you be ten minute late . they like we to get this family conference start on time -- hank yeah , about this " family " stuff -- mrs . jackson you be a member of the holloway family now , we pride ourselves on be punctual . but the cookie be still warm , I baked they myself . she offer he a plate of fresh - baked cookie . you do not say no to she . hank reach for one -- susanna do not touch they ! hank jerk he hand away . susanna blade ( early twenty , seem self - assure , have great equipment and know how to work it ) step in , sing " White rabbit " : susanna " one pill make you larger , and one pill make you small -- " ( take he in : ) you must be my new brother -- hank New brother ? 31 . susanna you be replace Stan , he be the hot brother I ever have ... till now . mrs . jackson susanna 's a " actress " -- she try so hard , do not you , dear ? she 's be much more successful with we work here in the family . susanna why grandma , what sharp tooth you have . mrs . jackson ( ignore she , to hank ) so we understand you be a artist ? very impressive . hank it 's just something I do , I have get a real job . mrs . jackson you have a really important job now , young man . susanna I use to be a artist 's model -- nude modell . wanna do I ? mrs . jackson I be a writer -- you have probably never hear of I : Frank Jackson ? hank Frank Jackson , the spy thriller ? mrs . jackson publisher think they would sell better with a male name . hank but you book be so ... ( stop himself ) mrs . jackson masculine ? I be in military intelligence . when they put I out to pasture , I take up write . 32 . susanna she give most of she royalty to the National rifle Association . seriously . mrs . jackson well we can not all be bohemian . gilman holloway ( forty ) come downstairs , carry a toy flash Gordon - type weapon . he 's passionate about the work , but the passion hide a dark anger and fear underneath : gilman ( to hank ) sorry to be late -- Gilman holloway -- I be the " dad " . I be up all night with this -- he point the toy weapon at a wall and fire it . there 's a nearly silent blast -- but when the smoke clear , the wall look unchange . susanna I have have night like that . Gilman stick he hand through where he fire : that part of the wall have be blast away , replace by a hologram of the wall the way it be . gilman it take a photo of the target right before it fire , then instantly project a hologram of the target the way it be . susanna cool . mrs . jackson that 's how Al amir get into the power plant without anyone know ? ( off Gilman 's nod ) 0 will be pleased . have a cookie . ( to hank , proudly ) Gilman 's the one who figure out how to get the Star Wars shield up and run . gilman do not do much good , turn out the enemy be inside the shield . ( more ) 33 . gilman ( cont would ) ( be : the weapon : ) stupid look prototype , but it be lie around . susanna ( quietly ) be it Amy 's ? ( off Gilman 's nod , to hank ) this be Gilman 's house , he kid sister Amy be kill by terrorist . mrs . jackson and he 's do a excellent job of move on . gilman Mrs . J lose she husband and son in the line of duty -- mrs . jackson shall we " move on " into the family room ? CUT to : int . shopping mall - day - surveillance video the gardener ( the male cell member ) , work on a planter -- hide in it the plastic bag contain the last bomb . the image freeze , and we be in : int . holloway family room - day the wall screen be fill with shot of the three cell member plant they bomb . xray shot zoom in on the purse , locker and plastic bag , revealing black blob inside -- as 0 brief the family ( hank , susanna , Mrs. Jackson and Gilman ) via a holographic video hook - up : 0 we have be tracking Tina falk 's cell for several day , no apparent connection to other terrorist group . mrs . jackson there be so many out there . 34 . 0 we believe this device to be bomb , but they have somehow disguise they so we can not get visual . of course , that make they suspicious in and of itself -- hank why have not you arrest they ? or pick up that bomb ? susanna ' Cause the bomb be decoy , right ? look at she body language -- she imitate Tina , as surveillance video show Tina plant she purse in the office be project on the wall : susanna she 's put on a show -- make sure she 's not block a surveillance camera , open the drawer more than necessary so we can see inside . it 's like she want surveillance to see she . 0 exactly . what we need you to figure out be , why plant decoy ? what be they try to distract we from ? hank I still do not get why you do not arrest they . 0 you think they will just tell we what they plan be ? we have to keep the cell in play until you can figure it out . hank but if that be real bomb , they be gonna go off -- mrs . jackson and that 's why we need to get to work , dear . ( for she earwig : ) decoy , domestic terrorist group . Research file pop up on the wall in front of she -- 35 . gilman Change angle -- let I see the device from above . c3 filter . the surveillance shot of the device change at he command . CUT to : int . diner - day susanna lead hank in , as she listen to she earwig : surveillance tech ( v.o. ) -- second table to you leave . susanna look at that table , spot Tina eat alone . susanna lead hank to a table face Tina , who be oblivious : susanna so what 's she think about ? hank I be not psychic . susanna I , I need to imitate they body language , act they out -- it help I get inside they skin , feel what they be feel . maybe you need to do something like that to draw they . they look at Tina , who be eat a huge lunch . a waitress bring she a jar of McMahon 's mayonnaise which she slather on she food . susanna she can put it away . hank and she 's so skinny . susanna I hate she . susanna hand he a pencil , as if to say : go . hank pick up the pencil . look at Tina as he take he sketchpad out of he backpack . put pencil to paper -- draw for a moment -- then toss the pencil down : hank this be stupid . 36 . he get up . susanna grab he hand : susanna find a way to make it work . he 's surprised by she urgency . susanna you do not run out on you family . hank I have my own family . susanna well I do not -- or I do not before the holloway . my foster parent adopt I for the benefit , I get they on the fast track to premiere status . hank what about you birth parent ? susanna do not know . the holloway be my family now . ( then : ) it take get use to , but it work . CUT to : int . hank's apartment - night hank toss in he bed . turn on the light . get up . pick up he sketch pad . look at drawing of he real family ... o ( v.uo. , in hank 's earwig ) any brainstorm ? hank ( startle ) God ! what be you , watch I sleep ? 0 ( v.0 . ) the people you have sketch , they be all people you know . maybe you need to know we subject better , I will prepare a file . and we really do need you to move in to the holloway house . hank do not respond , switch on a lamp . 37 . 0 ( v.0 . ) be there a problem ? hank well , I can not sleep with this thing in my ear . intercut : int . o's office - night surveillance of hank in he apartment be on a wall screen . but o be gaze at another image ( which we do not see -- yet ) with ... well , lust . what be it he 's look at ? 0 we can give you something to help you sleep . hank you be able to find anything about Val ? 0 the last surveillance we have of she be at the Northern railroad station -- take off she bee . that make trace she more challenging ... we finally see what 0 be gaze at lustily on a wall screen : it 's Val , asleep in a jail cell . 0 do not worry , we will find she . hank turn off he lamp . we stay with o : without take he eye off Val , o drop he hand and start stroking down there , rhythmically , faster and faster -- suddenly , he stop , aware of something , spin around to see : Mandy ( he assistant ) stare at he , shocked . she 's just come in ; she hand be still on the door . in one incredibly fast movement , o zip up he pants , shut the door and force Mandy to sit down . he look down at she , regain he composure and power , wait for she to say something . 38 . mandy ( shaking ) '' you be human . 0 unfortunately . but I have have some work do . mandy " work " . ..? 0 some people have surgery to change they mood or improve they strength -- I go in for neural transplant . he go to he desk , take out a syringe and a plastic vial : 0 synthetic cell . they speed up synapse connection , enable I to process information more efficiently -- as Mandy watch , not dare to move , o drain down the vial into the syringe ... 0 people do not question android . they trust they to make unemotional choice , efficient decision . it 's easier to maintain authority when people do not question you . he whip a rubber strap out of he desk , tourniquet it around he arm , and shoot up : 0 experimental but the result speak for themselves . although I have not be able to rid myself of all emotion yet -- as you see . he pop off the strap -- and , hold the drain syringe , approach Mandy . she can not take she eye off the empty needle ... 0 it 's brace , like a icy cocktail . I can feel my cell fire . ( more ) 39 . 0 ( cont would ) right now I be evaluate possible scenario much more effectively than you ever could ... he grab she . terrify , she struggle to free herself . 0 do not struggle , let I do the work . that 's what android be for . he jab the syringe into she neck , empty air into she vein . CUT to : int . hank's apartment - night hank wake up -- the apartment be fill with fog ... or be it steam ? it 's weird , nightmarish ... alarm , hank rise , try to peer through it . he slide silently out of bed , tread carefully toward the kitchen -- a hand grab he arm . hank spin toward the intruder . through the fog , all he can see be a powerful man -- the man ( reb ) drag hank to the stove , push hank 's head down toward a pot of boil water . hank desperately struggle to free himself -- but reb be too strong -- he twist hank 's head so that hank 's ear be right over the boil water -- hank furiously fight to get free -- suddenly , reb let go of hank 's head -- but then he grab hank 's arm and hold it over the boil water : reb I be not go to hurt you . they surveillance do not work through steam -- I temporarily disabled you earwig , now I be go to do you bee . hank look at he bee through the steam -- its display fizzle out . reb I have only get a minute before they be back online . 40 . hank see that the steam that shroud the apartment come from a device strapped to reb : hank who the hell be you ? reb I do not have a name , I do not exist , not in they record . I be go to let you go , okay ? hank nod . reb let he go . hank lunge for the door . reb grab he . they struggle . reb listen to I , listen ! you job , it 's bogus , they be lie to you . reb get hank in a clinch : reb you think you bank account just happen to be deplete the day they offer you a job ? you girlfriend do not take you money . hank ( floor ) . what do you know about she ? reb you brother 's cancer , why do you think it suddenly get worse ? hank ... what be you say ? they somehow spread he cancer so I would -- reb they be go to tell you you girlfriend be dead . hank what ?? reb they be go to tell you she 's dead , it 's the way they work , cut you off so you have nobody but you new " family " . they do it to you predecessor , but he would not play along , that 's why they " promote " he . 41 . hank 's bee buzze back to life . reb spot it . hank what be you say ? they kill he ? reb disappear into the steam . hank where 's Val ? hank peer around as the steam dissipate . reb be go . CUT to : ext . STREET - day Morning rush hour ; everybody consult with they be . hank hurry past a wall ad for a no-steam iron : wall ad -- smooth as silk with none of that unhealthy steam ! he slow as he take that in , then hurry on -- CUT to : int . holloway house family room - day Wall screen be fill with image . hank and susanna pour over surveillance file of Tina and the other cell member ; Mrs. Jackson and Gilman refer to weapon file while consulting with 0 in he office via the video hologram : mrs . jackson I can not find any precedent of decoy bomb that be fake -- to divert attention , the decoy have to be a real threat . gilman and I have not be able to infer what the bomb might be , but there be evidence of timing device . 0 how much time do we have ? Gilman shake he head ; he do not know . 42. mrs . jackson we be focus on the wrong thing : the decoy be irrelevant , they will only cause collateral damage -- hank " collateral damage " ? you mean they will only kill irrelevant people ? mrs . jackson of course not dear , I mean whatever this cell be plan have to be bigger than a couple of hundred casualty . ( to 0 ) you should arrest that three terrible people and interrogate they . gilman there may be other cell member involved , you do not want to tip they off -- hank this be weird -- they be all eat ton of food . mrs . jackson ( impatiently ) do try to stay focus , hank -- surveillance show Tina , the teenager and the gardener eat huge meal everywhere . hank I mean , look at Tina : she 's skinny as a rail but since last week she 's be put it away . susanna and the teenager and the other guy have be pork out too . gilman McMahon 's mayonnaise . mrs . jackson what ? 43 . hank he 's right , McMahon 's mayonnaise -- it 's in every shot , they be all eat it . mrs . jackson ( think out loud : ) maybe it 's a signal -- or maybe they be prepare to run off ... susanna what be you say , they be squirreling away mayonnaise for the winter ? mrs . jackson I be sure you must have a better idea then , dear . susanna ( think out loud ) McMahon 's be the fattest kind of mayonnaise around -- why would they all want to put on weight ? hank to raise they cholesterol -- ? gilman that would take month ... hank take out he pad and start sketching Tina ... CUT to : int . seedy apartment - day Tina , the teenage Boy and the gardener finish sandwich , which they slather with McMahon 's mayonnaise . some of that gooey white substance cover the aluminum foil that block the window slide off . the gardener get up , slap some more mayonnaise over the window in its place . tina it 's time for we next step . the teenage Boy and gardener glance at each other ... tina no see each other any more until the action . right ? 44 . the gardener fold the teenager into a embrace , as if they be father and son -- and never go to see each other again . they rise somberly ; something weighty just happen ... CUT to : int . holloway kitchen - night hank come in ; susanna make a salad , she back to he : susanna I hope you be not vegetarian . kiss vegetarian be like make out with a lawn . hank be surprised that susanna know he be there without see he . Mrs. Jackson , work at a counter , notice : mrs . jackson eye in the back of she head . susanna move to the stove to check out pasta which boil away , cascade steam around she . mrs . jackson and a real bitch in bed . that surprise hank . susanna do not react . mrs . jackson deaf as a post when she earwig 's off - line , poor lamb . save anything you do not want she to hear for when she 's steam up . susanna move away from the stove and steam . hank notice Mrs. Jackson be chopping two different thing with two knife , one in each hand . she catch he look : mrs . jackson we need to get back to work asap . that veggy need to be wash . ( as hank do so : ) be ambidextrous only indicate you have a predisposition for we work . you have to develop it . hank I do not know if I can . Gilman come in with a color chart : 45 . gilman how many color do you see here ? hank eight . gilman the berinmo tribe in papua New guinea see five -- they only have name for five color . we work , it 's like open yourself up to see new color . it 's wonderful . mrs . jackson my saint father love read storey aloud -- but I always know how they be go to end . I could see , actually visualize , the storey from inside the head of the character . spoil it for dad . I always think I be freakish -- susanna can not argue with that -- mrs . jackson -- until I start do this work . gilman exactly , it 's make I feel normal -- no , not normal , useful . my sister , all the other kid play with they toy -- as soon as I get one , I would take it apart and put it back together ina better way . all they see be part and computer chip -- I see purpose and beauty . susanna my turn ? I be the deaf bitch in bed . ( to Mrs. Jackson ) my earwig be not my only resource . I be keep the rest to myself . hank dry he hand , head for the back door : hank I be go home for a while . mrs . jackson this be you home now . 46 . hank look , I will help you as much as I can , but this family thing , live together , it 's too weird . ( head out ) I just need to take a break -- mrs . jackson and we need you here . you boy always think you can come and go -- hank ( that stop he : ) we boy ? Stan leave too ? I think he get promote . gilman hank please , we can not afford another failure , they will -- Mrs. Jackson flash Gilman a warning look . hank catch it : hank they '11 what ? none of they respond -- or look he in the eye . o come in : 0 hank ? CUT to : int . holloway family room - night o lead hank in : 0 I have bad news . Val 's dead . hank freeze . how should he react ? be it even true ? hank how do you know ? o tap he bee . video clip show Val get on a train , the train be blow - up , Val 's body be pull from it . hank oh god . 0 terrorist bomb . I be sorry . 47 . hank ( grief flash into anger : ) no you be not . 0 Excuse I ? hank ( cover ) you be a android , how can you be sorry . 0 I be program for it . ( then ) we be not so different , hank . TI do not feel emotion , you have spend most of you life try not to . hank will not let o see he grief . he stalk to the front door . 0 the irony be , you will only be useful to we if you allow yourself to feel . hank ( turn back ) " useful " ? be you threaten I ? 0 of course not -- but it would be disappoint if you give up so quickly . ( go to he , hand he a card : ) Tina 's address . it seem you need to interact emotionally with the subject to get into they -- that 's why you drawing of Val and you brother and you parent be so incisive . hank what happen to Stan ? be he not " useful " ? 0 base on he performance , Stan be promote . you could be , too . CUT to : 48 . ext . uni - church - night hank approach . a hooker peel up alongside hank . hooker hey baby , get a light ? she hold up a cigarette . a tiny dart shoot out of the cigarette , hit hank in the neck . hank be suddenly jello , slumping over the hooker ... surveillance video it look as if hank be paw the hooker , push she into the shadow where a steam shaft blow out of the uni-church 's ventilation system -- int . o's office - night 0 , watch hank , be surprised : 0 why hank . surveillance video as hank and the hooker disappear into the steam , the video and sound fizze out -- ext . uni - church - night the hooker jab a needle behind hank 's ear . he wake instantly , with a start , cough : hank what the hell ... reb be there , wait for they in the shadowy steam . reb you be easy to find , you go to Church when you have to make a decision . hank I be here cause Val 's dead . you be right , you satisfied ? reb what I say be , they be go to tell you she 's dead . she 's not . 49 . hank I see video , I see she body -- reb I could show you video of you own death . they be detain she . hank ( want to believe it ) how do you know ? reb they need something to hold over you . hank why ? why would they do that ? reb anybody the State can not control be a threat to they . they want to get rid of you , all of you with imagination , why do you think they be round you up into this " families " ? hank ( distraught with confusion ) that 's crazy -- reb then leave , do not listen to I . hank start to leave -- but something reb say make sense to he , no matter how much he try to talk himself out of it : hank they need we to -- reb fight terrorist ? that 's they excuse , and you ego . hank so , what ? there 's no terrorist ? be that what you be say ? there 's bomb , killing every -- reb of course terrorist exist , because the State need terrorist to exist . terrorist play into they hand -- reb take 50 . hank this be radical paranoid bullshit , I have hear it all my -- reb if there be not terrorism , we would not need security -- if we do not need security , we would not let the State to steal we freedom . hank I be free ... reb how can you be free when the State watch you every move ? when they coerce you into work for they ? hank ( all he care about : ) you know so much , help I -- help I find Val . reb help we . several small x-shape device out of a bag . hank ( scared ) . all the x-bomb be destroy . reb that 's what the State think , so they will not be look for they -- or for you . universal surveillance be the State 's great strength -- but it 's also they great vulnerability : if we can shatter it , they power will be devastate . we will help you locate they surveillance hub -- hank but X -bomb destroy everything for a block , they will kill hundred -- reb of they . some collateral damage can not be avoid -- hank do . reb take 51 . hank " collateral damage " ? you be as bad as they be -- reb as bad as they ? they kill hundred of thousand . they " amend " we constitution until it mean nothing . you think you can reason with they ? decade of talk and protest , what good do it do ? people be more numb than ever , they be doped up on technology . all we be try to do be give people back the right to think for themselves . you remember what that be like . he look away , know there 's truth in it ... reb like I say , they be not look for this . but just to be safe -- a jar of McMahon 's mayonnaise out of he bag . reb coat they with this -- something in the molecular structure , the synthetic fat , surveillance can not see through it . hank take the jar of mayonnaise . that 's a coincidence . he stare at it , not know what to make of it . reb misunderstand hank 's confusion : reb hold reb so simple , I know . but we be only a step ahead of they -- soon enough they will figure this out , and we will have to come up with something else . out the x-bomb for hank : reb we will contact you , the best way to avoid be see by they technology be not to use it . hank gaze at the bomb ... 52 . reb break one arm , fifteen minute delay . break two arm and it go off right away . hank shake he head . no . he turn away without take the bomb , and disappear into the fog . CUT to : int . seedy apartment - night Tina take out she metal vial of liquid -- CUT to : int . flop house - night the gardener unscrew he identical metal vial -- CUT to : ext . park - night the teenage Boy hesitates , then drink from he vial -- CUT to : int . dave' hospital room - night hank come in . Dave be in bed , with tube all over the place . dave hey . hank Doctor say the operation go well . dave ( nod ; then : ) thanks , man . hank no problem . dave you look like shit . hank so do you . they chuckle . Dave peer at hank , see something 's not right : 53 . dave what 's up ? hank everything 's cool . dave think I do not know when you be bullshit ? hank take a breath . can he tell Dave ? hank glance up at the surveillance camera -- realize he have to be careful . dave let I help you for a change . hank want to -- and see it 's important to Dave , too . hank it 's Val , she 's -- ( eye on that camera ) go . dave go ? what do you mean ? she leave you ? hank want to confide he doubt , but know the camera be on : hank she 's dead . dave what ?? shit. how -- ? hank terrorist . dave oh man I be sorry . I be so sorry . this be so screw up , this whole world be so ... I be wrong , man , what I say the other day , about you job . work for the bad guy be not bad if you catch worse guy . hank ( really need to know ) you think ? 54 . dave Mom and dad , they be wrong . Fighting for the free Republic ? what do that even mean ? hank ( cautiously ) the free Republic be against surveillance and centralization of power , the State take over media , education -- dave there be terrorist out there , kill innocent people like Val , they gotta be stop . you be do the right thing . he see that hank still be not so sure : dave when I wake up from the operation , I think , I want to live , I want to live in a world that 's safe . I will change , I will be more like hank , he 's do the right thing . CUT to : int . hank's apartment - night hank wheel a suitcase to the front door . take a last look around . spot he sketchbook . stuff it in he backpack . dissolve to : ext . tina's seedy apartment build - day the noise of a door close wake hank -- he 's spend the night in the car . he look up at the entry to the building . Tina have just leave , be head up the street . hank hurry out of he car , slip on he backpack , follow she . CUT to : int . locker room - day student make they way past the locker in which the teenage cell member place the backpack with the bomb . there be a click from inside the locker -- smash CUT to : 55 . int . tina's office - day Tina 's desk explode -- smash CUT to : int . shopping mall - day blast , FIRE and scream rip through the crowded mall -- CUT to : int . diner - day Tina sit at she usual spot , eat she usual sandwich ... hank take a deep breath , go to she : hank Excuse I ? this be gonna sound weird , but ... can I sketch you ? tina no thanks . hank I be not try to sell you anything , or come on to you or anything like that -- I be a art student , you have get a interesting face . Tina shake she head , no . hank turn to other diner nearby : hank do not you think she 's get a interesting face ? other diner look at she , and at this guy make a scene . Tina do not want attention draw to she : tina okay okay , do it fast . hank thanks , I really appreciate it . hank sit opposite she , start sketching : hank there 's something cool about you face -- you look decisive , like someone who know what they want . 56 . nothing from Tina . hank keep pitching as he sketches : hank know what you want , that 's the opposite of I . I have have a lot of different job -- what about you ? no response . hank hope you do not mind I talk , it help I get the likeness ... hank glance at he sketch : good likeness but not revealing . he gird himself to go deeper : hank you marry ? get a family ? ( no response ) I have a girlfriend , she be pregnant . kill . a bomb . Tina take he in for the first time . hank you lose anybody ? tina who have not ? hank that 's the truth . he glance at he sketch : still nothing helpful . he grab the pencil tighter , push to provoke she to some emotion : hank this terrorist , they be the scourge of the planet , they should be boil in oil or something , something worse than just death . tina ( rise to that ) there 's lot of thing worse than death . hank see a fire in Tina 's eye -- his hand start sketching more quickly , almost independently of he , as he focus on Tina without look at the pad . the rest of the room recede ... 57 . his focus be break when Tina 's usual waitress bring Tina a jar of McMahon 's mayonnaise with a smile : waitress sorry honey , forget you usual . Tina keep eat without even reach for the mayo . hank react : that 's weird . suddenly , police swarm in , grab and cuff Tina . she do not resist -- in fact , she smile . hank be take aback : that 's even weirder . as the Police drag Tina off , hank look down at the sketch : in he sketch , Tina be dead ! hank , stunne , snap he eye back at the unopen jar of McMahon 's mayonnaise . the penny drop . he 's on he foot , stuff the sketch in he pocket , racing out the door , shouting into he earwig : hank o -- get I o. CUT to : int . holloway house family room - day hank burst in . susanna , Gilman and Mrs. Jackson be quickly flipping through wall - screen image : hank I can not get o -- susanna they're in operation mode -- gilman the bomb go off -- hank I be there when they arrest Tina , she want to be arrest -- susanna want to be ...? hank she smile -- 58 . mrs . jackson please the bomb go off -- hank no it be more than that -- the mayonnaise , she do not eat any mayonnaise -- mrs . jackson Jesus , the fuck mayonnaise again , what 's wrong with you . hank it block surveillance -- gilman what ? hank surveillance can not see through it -- they have be eat it nonstop , they be try to hide something inside themselves ! susanna have bring up surveillance video of the diner arrest : susanna he 's right , look , she smile -- gilman freeze and xray -- the image of Tina freeze into a xray image . everything look normal . gilman mri it . the image change to a mri image , revealing Tina 's soft tissue and organ -- except for the area of she stomach , which do not register on the image . gilman can not see anything of she stomach . hank the mayonnaise coat it -- mrs . jackson . she 's a trojan horse ! susanna she want to be arrest -- 59 . hank -- so she could bring something in she stomach to wherever they be take she . Gilman have project surveillance video of the teenage Boy and gardener be arrest . gilman freeze and mri . same thing : they stomach do not register on the image . o appear on the video hook - up : 0 I receive you image -- I have be supervise the arrest and interrogation -- gilman where be they ? 0 the Federal Center . this be real time surveillance : real-time surveillance video appear : Tina , the teenage Boy and the gardener be escort separately from they individual cell by Guards down separate hallway : mrs . jackson where be they take they ? 0 arraignment . hank wait wait wait , they be arrest separately , right ? mrs . jackson ( think aloud ) -- take to different cell , they have not be near each other since they be arrest -- susanna the kid , look , he 's walk fast , faster than he guard , like he 's rush toward something -- 60 . hank the gardener 's terrify -- but she 's smile , smile again ! something 's about to happen -- susanna when they be all together -- gilman interactive agent ! they have get something in they stomach that 's go to interact when they get together -- ! mrs . jackson that courtroom at the Federal Center be a symbol of oppression to this terrorist group -- hank pull the sketch of Tina dead from he pocket , realize : hank the bomb be inside they , block from surveillance ! they be a bomb ! mrs . jackson together -- ! when they be all together ! susanna you have get to stop they before they meet in the courtroom -- ! 0 ( issue a order : ) Federal Center : stop the guard , return prisoner to they cell -- they watch breathlessly as the Guards escort the three cell member separately stop , listen to they ear-piece . suddenly , at the same time : - the teenage Boy make a run for the door to the courtroom . his Guard tackle he . - Tina knee she Guard in the groin . he slump over , release she . she run toward the door to the courtroom . he grab she foot , bring she down . she try to crawl to the door that be only a few step away -- - the gardener grab the gun of he Guard , who be distract by the instruction he 's listen to . the gardener shoot he Guard , and run to the door to the courtroom -- 61 . the gardener make it into the courtroom -- but the other two have be stop . the family breathes a sigh of relief . it 's over . 0 you just save hundred of life and deny the terrorist a huge symbolic victory . hank be congratulate by the family . he can not help but be proud . dissolve to : int . holloway house - hank's bedroom - day hank be unpack when susanna come in : susanna we just get the debrief . they have swallow chemical agent , they would have mix through the air -- the charge would have take out a half -mile . hank the chemical could mix through they skin ? susanna skin be porous ... she take he hand . he tense up . susanna I do not bite . hank ( cover with a joke ) you be my sister . susanna ( seductively ) we be a very tight family . hank what happen to Stan ? 62 . susanna ( frighten ) he be promote . hank to what ? susanna ( dare she tell he the truth ? ) . to glory . she leave . hank lift a photo of Val out of he suitcase . he 's startle to find something tape to the back of it : it 's a business card , for the midtown sauna . 0 ( v.0 . ) ( in hank 's earwig , startling hank ) could you step into the family room , please , hank ? hank slip the business card into he pocket . CUT to : int . holloway family room - day video and photo of the family 's new assignment fill the wall screen as o brief they via video hologram : 0 -- with this chip and wiring implant in a paraplegic 's brain , he can move he prosthetic arm by just think about it . mrs . jackson surveillance of the research facility do not show who steal the chip ? 0 the chip be not steal from the facility -- it be steal from the subject of the experiment -- video of a dead paraplegic whose head have be slice open . 0 -- at a time when he be off surveillance . we have upgrade we system so they can see through condiment , but we still have a problem with steam . 63 . hank finger the business card for the sauna in he pocket . 0 we need you to tell we what use terrorist might make of the chip -- that should help we find the people who steal it . gilman they could build a army of robot control by think , which can not be trace -- 0 yes , that 's a application we have envisaged . but what use might it have in the hand of evil - doer that we have not imagine ? the family kick into gear , pull up video , etc . -- except for hank , who shove the sauna card deeper into he pocket : hank I would like to take a couple of hour off -- I be not really useful unless I " get involved " with the subject , right ? and since you do not know who the subject be yet ... 0 ( with a smile ) we know how to find you . hank head for the front door -- 0 hank -- how do you know about the mayonnaise ? hank ( cover alarm ) . what ? 64 . 0 McMahon 's mayonnaise -- how would you know it be impenetrable to surveillance ? hank I do not know , I figure it out . 0 pretty big leap . hank . that 's what you hire I for . he leave . CUT to : int . midtown sauna - day hank , wear a towel around he waist , pad through the sauna , not sure what he 's look for . he head into the steam room ... int . steam room - day hank sit in the steam room with a couple of other guy in towel . the steam get thicker and thicker -- the other guy get uncomfortable and leave one by one . finally , hank can not take it . he head for the door -- to find reb suddenly beside he , in a towel , carry a gym bag : reb congratulation . hank for what ? stop three of you comrade ? reb they be not we comrade . they be blood - thirsty murderer . hank and you be better than that . reb there be many group work against the State who want to create fear and terror so that they can rule . ( more ) reb ( cont would ) they would overthrow one set of tyrant for another . we be the only group fight to turn this country back to the people . we do not believe in symbolic violence -- hank no , you like you murder more specific -- like Val . reb I tell you , she be not dead . hank how do you know that ? Cause you group or whatever the hell you be , you be the one hold she ? reb no . but we can help you find she . hank that 's what you get I here to tell I ? bring she to I , then we will talk . hank get up to leave -- reb you parent believe in we cause . that stop hank : hank believe ? you mean , believe . reb do not say anything . hank my parent be dead . reb I be with you father when he be kill -- hank they die in a car accident -- reb he die fight for the cause . reb reach into he gym bag : 66 . reb she do not want to do this -- hank eye on reb 's hand -- what 's he take out of the bag ? reb you know that she 's alive make it more dangerous for all of we ... reb hand hank a old , much treasure fold piece of paper . hank , he hand tremble , unfold it ... it 's a child 's finger - painting of a sunflower . hank cut he eye , misty from steam or tear , up to reb : reb we group have a name : we be the resistance fighter of the free Republic . off hank -- blackout .