fade in : open sequence ( musical score over ) image of a upscale suburban community . boat on the water . a quiet street . a picket gate . ext . back yard of a beautiful home - larchmont , NY — morning it 's a gorgeous spring day , and we move in on a impeccably laid out garden . straight row of flower in full bloom , manicure bush , and a trellis with climb vine . becca corbett , attractive , 30' , walk into frame drag a heavy bag of pot soil . she pull the soil bag over to a section of the garden where she have be digging , and cut the bag open . becca dump the soil onto the ground where she be plant flower . behind she , we see part of she fine house and across the street , a shimmer stretch of water . becca be on she knee now mixing pot soil with earth . she start to plant a straight line of young plant as a border to she flower - bed . she pick up the hose from beside the free-stand garage . near she we notice a empty doghouse a little later , becca stand with a hose , water the garden . she admire she day 's work . end of open sequence woman' voice ( 0.c. ) becca ? becca turn to see she neighbor peg , middle - age , peek from behind the gate lead to the next property . she come into the garden . becca be a little uncomfortable , but always polite . becca oh ... hey peg. peg it look so nice back here . becca well , I be just , you know , try to get thing back into shape . peg listen , I do not know if you and howie be free tonight , but we be have a few people over for dinner . becca oh , that 's very sweet of you . peg I know it 's really short notice . becca actually , we have plan . peg ( beat ) oh . oh , well . becca but , uh , another time though . I have not talk to Pete in age . peg well you have not miss much . he 's still the same s.0.b. he always be . peg chuckle . becca look down to see that peg have step on a plant recently put in the ground . peg oh God . I be so sorry . ( step off the plant ) becca it 's okay . peg I be so sorry . becca no , it 's fine . peg this stupid foot . becca well , have a great dinner , peg . this be she gentle cue to leave , and peg get the hint . she back out of the yard politely . peg we will do it next time . becca absolutely . but they both know this be probably a lie . peg say hi to howie for I . becca I sure will . becca close the gate after peg . as soon as she 's go , becca move over to tend to the crush plant . she assess the damage , and sigh , peeve . int . becca' kitchen —- early evening becca stand at she sink , rinsing vegetable in a colander . across the way , she can see right into she neighbor 's live room , where peg , pete and they guest be chat . peg 's in the midst of a very animated story that have everyone laugh hysterically . becca watch for a moment , then turn off the water in the sink , dry she hand , and turn the blind so no one can see inside . howie , home from work , come in and grab a beer . howie mmmm . smell good in there . becca if peg ask , we go out tonight . howie where would we go ? becca we see the stoppard play . howie really ? becca uh-huh . howie do we enjoy it ? becca very much . becca be at the stove now melting some butter in a pan . becca she ask we to dinner again . howie she 's just be nice . becca you be more than welcome to go over there . howie and abandon you risotto ? ( wrap arm around she ) becca careful , howie . the pan 's hot . she push he off gently , and continue stir the pot . she 's all business tonight . howie watch for a moment , then take a bite of some of the food be cook . becca ( gently scolding ) hey ... howie hey ... ( head out ) I be gonna hop in the shower . becca uh-huh . about twenty minute . int . becca' live room —- night a beautiful room . becca sit on the couch read . it 's late . the house be quiet . we hear only a tick clock . then the phone ring , startling becca . she do not move to get it . she just stare at it , afraid to answer it . finally she reach over , and pick it up ... becca hello ? becca listen . the news be not good . she 's confuse . becca what time be it ? int . becca' foyer - moment later becca be pull on she jacket when howie come downstairs , sleepy , in gym short and a t-shirt . howie what 's go on ? ext . yonkers police department - central book - night becca and she sister izzy , early 30' , be walk down the step and back to the car . becca be piss . becca you have nothing to say ? izzy ( beat - confuse ) thank you ? this be not what becca mean . becca you be in a bar-fight . izzy it be not a bar-fight . becca you be in a bar . Fighting . izzy it be not a fight . some drunk girl be scream in my face , so I hit she and that be the end of it . becca well who be she ? izzy I do not know . becca people do not scream at you for no reason . izzy sure they do , you should get out more . becca God izzy , it 's so ... Jerry springer . izzy what 's that suppose to mean ? you think I be trashy ? becca you can not keep do this . you be not a kid anymore . izzy I do not know there be a cutoff date . becca well there be . for act like a jackass , there 's a cutoff date ... becca unlock she car as they approach - bloop -bloop . becca I wanna stop worry about you . izzy hey , do not worry about I . she be the one on the floor . becca and izzy in the car . izzy can I stay with you tonight ? ext . becca' home - early dawn one light turn on in a downstairs room . upstair hallway — a moment later becca sneak out of she bedroom . she hear voice , and the distinct sound of a little boy laugh . she take a moment , then steel herself and head downstairs silently . live room — continuous becca find howie , seat with the light off , watch a video of Danny on he phone . he do not notice she presence . howie ( on video ) now , Danny , I wanna tell you a secret , ' kay ? when you go back down , give Mom a big kiss , okay ? ready ?... one , two , three . ... oh , that be high ! whoo ! howie smile as he watch the video . he be smile . howie ( on video ) Danny , look at I when you come back . becca ( on video ) he 's get use to it . howie ( on video ) do you want any cake ? danny ( on video ) yeah ! howie ( on video ) oh , do we have cake today ? becca ( on video ) yeah , we do . danny ( on video ) yeah . howie ( on video ) oh , my gosh . and you really want some ? this be too hard for becca . she back away as the video continue , and sneak back up the stair , unnotice . a_ blank white page a hand reach into frame and draw a straight line in black ink . the hand draw a parallel black line and then connect the two with a oddly shape circular end . we pull back to reveal the hand be draw a network of intersect tube and portal opening . the artist shade in a section . int . becca' kitchen - the next day — morning becca be put some finish touch on a creme brulee that she have just prepare in she kitchen . her eye narrow in concentration as she carefully cauterize the top of it into a brown hard shell . izzy stand nearby in she bathrobe , wait expectantly . howie enter the kitchen with he gym bag . howie well , if it be not ma barker . izzy I be sure that would be very funny if I know who that be . howie Rick and I be gonna play squash . ( kiss becca goodbye ) I have my cell if you need I . izzy squash . you go play squash , howie . howie you do not even know what squash be . izzy I do not care what squash be izzy 's cell phone ring . she check the call i.d. , and smile while answer the phone . izzy ( into phone ) hello ? ( head out of the room ) yeah ! yeah . ( laugh ) I think she be gonna kill I ! int . SUN - room - moment later izzy pace around the room while chat on she phone . izzy ( into the phone ) yeah , I know . I think auggie must have tell she . izzy see becca enter the room hold up the créme brulee . izzy ( into the phone ) hey , I gotta go . izzy hang up the phone and excitedly take the creme brulee from becca . izzy mmm . thank you becca . izzy take a seat by the window , and start tapping the caramel with the spoon . izzy oo , I like the way it crack . becca of course you do . becca watch she eat for a couple moment . then ... becca so you do know that woman . izzy ( throw she head back ) oh my god ! why be you listen to my phone conversation ? becca be you sleep with that girl 's boyfriend . izzy eat , really want to change the subject . izzy it 's be over between they . they be just live together because of the rent . becca then why do she accost you ? 10 . izzy because she 's a lunatic ! ( beat ) and auggie tell she I be pregnant . becca let out a disapprove chuckle . but izzy be not joke . slowly ... becca realize . becca you be not . izzy you be gonna love he . he 's a really great guy . he 's a musician ! becca that 's terrific . izzy he work , becca . he get work as a musician . becca how long have you know ? izzy a few week . becca do you tell Mom ? izzy nod sheepishly . becca oh , come on . you tell Mom before I ? izzy I have to . becca why do not you tell I ? izzy why do you think ? this just sit there for a couple beat . izzy I be sorry , becca . I know the timing really suck . 11 . becca hey , what can ya do ? becca have be disarm . how to proceed ? luckily , she 's a really good liar ... becca I be just glad you finally tell I . they hug . becca be obviously still processing it . int . squash court - day howie and he best friend , rick , athletic , 30' , be in the midst of a intense game of squash . it 's all grunt and thwacks and squeaking sneaker . howie lose the point . int . locker room —- moment later sweaty and spend , the man enter chat . they banter be easy and mostly good - nature . rick Debbie 's be drive I crazy with this kitchen renovation . the counter - top negotiation alone ... howie I tell you not to marry a agent . they open they locker and get change over the follow . howie she still have not call , you know . rick ( beat - guilt ) no , I know . howie I do not mean to be a pest about it , but ... I just know becca would love to hear from she . rick I know . I tell she , howie . I do . but she 's still ... I do not know freak out , I guess . howie it 's be eight month . 12 . rick I know . I will talk to she . howie thank you . ( change ) hey , how be the kid ? rick they be good . Emily 's do ballet . robby be in tee-ball . howie wow . tee-ball . howie try to look interested , but Rick see through it . rick ( try to sound off - hand ) have you guy talk at all about have another ? howie ( beat ) no. ( beat ) it 's a little soon . Rick nod . they go back to change . int . meeting hall - community CENTER - night becca and howie talk quietly as they walk into the meeting room . howie just be open-minded . that 's all I be ask . becca I be here , be not I ? couple mill about drink coffee , wait for the meeting to begin . becca and howie steel themselves as another couple approach . gabby be attractive . kevin seem tired . they both make becca uncomfortable . howie hey . 13 . gabby how 's it go ? howie good . becca yeah , good . hanging in there . howie look to becca , who look a little ill at ease . gabby you sure ? howie yeah . yeah , um , we just ... find out that becca 's sister be pregnant . so . becca ( a warning ) howie . howie what ? gabby that can be hard , I remember when my cousin get pregnant -- becca yeah , it 's not really a big deal . becca want to end this conversation . she 's miff howie even bring it up . gabby okay . if you wanna talk about it though , you know the group 's right here . becca ( chuckle ) yeah , I do not think so . " hey everybody , fresh meat . " howie becca , be nice . 14 . gabby ( to Kevin ) do not she remind of you of lydia ? ( back to howie and becca ) there be this woman in the group a couple year ago -- kevin it be four . four year ago . gabby well it do not really matter when she be here , my point be that she remind I of lydia . she really be not into the support group model at first . becca be suddenly confuse . do she just mishear she ? becca ( confuse ) how long have you be in Group ? kevin it will be eight year in June . becca be stunne , and can barely hide it . eight year . howie oh , I do not ... I do not realize it be that long . gabby yeah , we be the veteran . you know for we , it 's a good way to touch base . everyone 's on a different schedule ... howie of course . becca be stare at Kevin . his misery be still palpable . and this terrify she . int . meeting hall — later that night the meeting be in full swing . a grieve father , SAM , be speak to the group in a very heartfelt manner . his wife ( ana ) hold he hand throughout . 15 . SAM she , uh , she visit I sometimes . in dream . and she tell I it 's okay . and she 's with God . he check in with he wife . then continue . SAM and we have good day . then you think that if you have enough good day it might actually get better . but then ... several of the other parent nod with recognition . becca , however , actually look annoyed . she look to howie and roll she eye a little . SAM it be she anniversary last week . ana a year last Tuesday . SAM and it just start all over again . we just have to remind each other that it be just part of God 's plan . and we can not know why . only God can know why . ana God have to take she . he need another angel . SAM he need another angel . becca ( beat ) why do not he just make one ? silence . they all turn to becca , confuse . becca another angel . I mean , he 's God after all . why do not he just make another angel ? she be meet with stunne silence - a mix of confusion and offense . even howie be take aback by she outburst . gabby notice Kevin smirk a little . 16 . becca just put it out there ... but no one respond . becca leave over to howie and whisper ... becca I would like to go . ( to the group ) I think we be gonna go . ( to howie ) be that alright ? howie stand , stunne . he and becca make a awkward exit . howie Excuse we . int . italian restaurant - later that night becca and howie look through the menus , mid-conversation . howie they be talk , it 's they time , and you have to respect that . becca come on . howie I mean , you sit there for week and you do not say a word . becca I be sorry . I can not stand the god - freak . you know that . howie but they be not all like that . Kevin and gabby be not . becca no. Kevin and gabby be professional wallower . do you hear what they say ? eight year , howie . eight . if that 's what you want to become , then ... howie look , if you wanna take a break - - 17 . becca no , not a break , I be do . howie I know the izzy stuff get under you skin - - becca please do not do that . one semester of psychology fifteen year ago and suddenly you can analyze -- howie well Jesus , becca -- becca ( a little too firmly ) I just do not like the group . I give it a try , and it 's not for I . this be final . howie know he can not win this argument . howie okay . it 's not for you . becca thank you . ( back to the menu ... then ) do you mind if we not eat here ? nothing 's really jump out at I . he let out a breath - perfect - and close the menu . int . becca' kitchen — the next day becca be alone in the kitchen . it 's the middle of the day and the house be deadly quiet . she 's be alone with she thought for awhile . she stare at the painting on the fridge . she take they in - a tree , a robot , a shark attack a woman . they all have the distinctive scrawl of a child , and the name Danny write across the bottom . becca look closely for a moment , and then remove the magnet one by one , take the painting off the fridge , simply and without emotion . same - a little later becca clean out the kitchen cabinet . kid 's cereal , juice box , mac & cheese , all toss in a garbage bag . 18 . int . danny's room — day the room look essentially the same as it do when Danny be alive . becca be at he dresser pull clothes out of the drawer and toss they into a laundry basket . she do not pause over the clothes or give they much consideration . she 's just do the laundry . int . becca' laundry room - day becca load Danny 's clothes into the wash machine . the water be run . she carefully fill a cup with soap powder and pour it over the laundry . she stop for a moment to watch the agitator grind away at the clothes . then she close the lid . int . becca 's laundry room — day becca , hold the laundry basket , be stand , stare at the dryer . buzzzzzzz and the dryer cycle end . she open the dryer door and start to unload . ext . CITY STREET — yonkers — day becca drive through a less nice neighborhood . ext . becca' mother' house - yonkers - moment later becca 's car pull into the driveway of a rundown house on a rundown block . she get out of the car , and lift a large garbage bag from the trunk . she seem to be energize and in better spirit . she walk up the driveway , and be suddenly startle by taz , a big dog bark on the other side of the fence that lead out back . becca stiffen , she good mood go . the dog be loud and happy . auggie , a scruffy African american guy in he 30 's come across the yard with a heaping bowl of dog food . auggie taz ! stop ! come here and eat ! come on ! taz go run to the bowl of food , and auggie approach becca at the fence . she 's confuse . who be this guy ? she 's not she fix 19 . auggie sorry . he 's not really dangerous . ( to taz ) hey , eat . ( to becca ) just kinda dumb . becca no , I know . he 's my dog . auggie oh , you be becca ! of course ! I should have recognize you . I be auggie . sure how to take this . what have izzy tell he ? a loose strand of she hair . becca oh. hi , auggie . auggie hi. auggie and becca shake hand . the front door open to reveal nat , becca 's mom , plump and in she sixty . nat oh my god , why do not you tell I you be come over ? I would have pick up the house . ( indicate ) that 's auggie . becca yeah , we meet . be izzy here ? nat ( she eye narrow ) oh yeah , she 's here . ( do not approve ) she get fire from the applebee 's . becca follow she mother into the house . int . nat' dine room / kitchen - moment later becca , chipper again , be unpack the pile of Danny 's clothes onto the table . izzy sit watch , not exactly sure what to say . she 's uneasy . 20 . becca I be plan to bring it all down to goodwill , but now I be glad I do not . look at all this shirt , and the sweater . nat buzze around make they coffee . izzy I do not know , bec . they be in baby clothes for so long , it would be awhile before he could even fit into that stuff . becca it come up very quickly . you will see . you be gonna be happy I save they . auggie cross through the kitchen with bagpipe . becca ( whisper ) be he live here ? nat he have to . his girlfriend kick he out . izzy ex -girlfriend . nat she know what I mean . becca hold up a little shirt . becca do you see this one ? izzy cute . but what if it 's a girl ? becca then I will give they to someone else . you be gonna thank I . a couple year worth of clothes here . think of the money you will save . izzy it 's not about the money . becca well it should be . you need to start think about that . especially if the dad 's a musician . it cost a lot to raise a child . izzy ( finally ) it would be weird , becca . if it 's a boy . to see he run around in Danny 's clothes . ( beat ) I would feel weird about it . the air be suck out of the room . becca look down at the clothes , suddenly feel a little stupid . nat do not move . her eye look from one daughter to the other . becca yeah , I be sorry . of course it would be weird . I do not know what I be -- izzy it be a nice offer . becca you be gonna get a lot of clothes anyway - Christmas , birthdays . you will not have to worry about that . she 's re-bagging the clothes . nat try to lighten the mood . nat it 's probably a girl anyway . I 'ma little psychic about this thing . remember I say Sheila be have a girl ? and Karen ? I think there 's a girl in there . izzy I hope there be . that 's what I want . I mean , either way , so long as it 's healthy obviously , but I hope it 's a girl . becca I too . she look to izzy and try to smile supportively . 22 . nat you want some coffee cake , honey ? I get some coffee cake in here . becca I be gonna take off . I promise howie that I would pick up some dinner . ( be : cake ) mmm look good though . becca lift the bag , awkwardly . nat and izzy exchange look . after becca 's go ... nat ( to izzy ) here . eat some cake . ext . goodwill parking lot - day becca get out of she car , grab the garbage bag of clothes from she trunk , and make she way to the goodwill drop-box . once there , she consider what she 's about to do for just a moment , and then lift the bag into the drop box . she turn on she heel and head back to the car , without look back . int . becca' car — a moment later becca pull up to a stoplight , and she take a deep breath , determine to hold it together . a school bus pull up beside she car , and becca glance over at it . sitting in one of the window - seat be a teenage boy , face front . becca stare at he curiously . and then the grip on she steering wheel tighten . the boy turn he head slightly and for just a second , becca get a good look - it 's jason willette , 17 . back to becca — continuous becca lean forward , try to get a better view of the boy . the light change to green and the bus take off . becca , shake , just watch it go . and then the car behind she start honk , and becca be snap back to reality . she put she foot on the gas . 23 . ext . road of larchmont — day the school bus roll through the manicure street of the town . it stop at a corner to let a couple student off . and then the bus continue on . when it do , becca 's car roll into frame , keep a safe distance from the bus she 's trail . ext . 2 nd intersection - day becca watch the bus drive through a yellow light . her eye widen with alarm . her foot on the accelerator . her car move through the intersection just as the light be turn red . ext . tree - line STREET - larchmont - a little later the bus have stop , and becca pull up a discreet distance behind it . this time a 14 - year-old girl get off follow by ... Jason , book - bag sling over he shoulder . the girl walk off in one direction as the bus pull away . becca watch as Jason head in the other direction and up the driveway of a nice house . he slip inside . becca sit there for awhile . then finally pull away . int . becca and howie 's live room — night becca and howie have settle onto the couch after dinner . becca sit , lose in think , hold a empty wine glass . howie when do Rick ever beat I in squash ? becca do he mention Debbie at all ? howie you can call she , you know . get the report directly . becca I do not wanna call she . she should call I . howie head into the kitchen and toss the empty bottle into the recycle bin . 24 . becca ( 0.s. ) I would have be there for she if god forbid anything have ever happen to robby or em . kitchen - intercut howie stop at the fridge , and notice that Danny 's painting be go . not sure what to make of it , he just stand there . becca ( 0.s. ) I would not have vanish the way she do . becca I would not . becca ( 0.s. ) howie ? back to the live room howie stand in the doorway , debate whether to mention the painting or not . he decide against it . becca you know what I mean ? howie grab a remote instead and click on the stereo . Al Green 's " simply beautiful " play quietly . becca look up , bemuse . howie yeah . he move onto the couch to massage she shoulder . becca howie . howie turn around . come on , you need to relax . howie start to massage becca 's back . howie you be shoulder be all knotted up . becca yeah , well ... 25 . howie forget about Debbie , and whatever else be bother you . howie continue to massage she . becca seem to warm up to it . he kiss she neck . she giggle a little . becca ohhh , I see what this be . dimming the light . howie what . becca you be try to seduce I . ply I with liquor . howie it work in college . becca that 's enough . becca push he away playfully . becca that 's enough . ( get up off the couch ) howie where be you go ? becca I be feel kinda antsy tonight . I be sorry . it be a weird day -- howie right . howie click off the music , and let out a grumpy sigh . becca what , now you be gonna pout ? howie well it 's be eight month . becca ( beat ) but who 's keep track ? 26 . howie iam . I be keep track . becca I be just not ready yet , howie . I be sorry if you think that 's abnormal -- howie I do not . becca then what 's the problem ? howie we need to at least head in that direction , which might feel strange at first , but ... becca but you wanna have sex . howie well do not say it like that . becca you be try to rope I into have sex ! howie I be not . I be not roping you into sex - — becca Al Green be not roping ? howie no. becca Al Green ? howie I think it be nice . that 's all . I be try to make thing nice . becca well you can not . I be sorry . but thing be not " nice " anymore . they be silent . howie just stare at she . 27 . live room — later that night howie be seat with the light off , watch a video of Danny on he phone . we see flash of Danny on the little screen , spin around in what seem to be a tire swing . we hear a dog bark . howie ( on video ) and , will you hold he for a second ? just hold he , just hold he like that . danny ( on video ) ( laugh ) dad , quit it ! becca ( on video ) ( laugh ) quit it . the video be mostly a blur , with Danny 's laugh face come into focus for just a second as he swing on a tire swing . howie yeah , pull he past you . all right , now . becca ( on video ) Cause taz want to go on the tire . howie ( on video ) hold on . hold on . let I see Mom and -- becca ( on video ) okay , you ready ? I be gonna let you go . ready ? danny ( on video ) yes . becca ( on video ) here go . there ! whoa ! keep you foot up . howie ( on video ) Danny , look at I on the way back . becca ( on video ) keep you foot up , Danny . howie continue to watch the video . 28 . a_ blank black page the hand reach into frame and start to place cutout of the earlier see portal opening on top of each other . the hand cut out several more portal opening and add they to the intersect group . we pull back to reveal a large network of intersect tunnel . int . becca and howie' exercise room — morning becca be work out on the elliptical , listen to she ipod , when howie enter the room dress for work . she look over at he but do not stop she work - out . becca hey . howie ( after a pause ) if you be not gonna go to Group , I think you should see someone . ( pause - no response ) becca uh-huh . howie any plan for the day ? becca you be look at ‘em . howie ( pause ) well , I 'il see you tonight . becca yup . becca never stop she workout . howie head upstairs . 29 . int . becca and howie' exercise room - moment later becca be at the window , still wind and sweaty from she exercise , watch as howie pull out from he parking spot in front of the house . as soon as he drive off , she dart up the stair . int . becca and howie' bedroom - a moment later becca be rifling through she closet look for a outfit . she pull out a couple business suit , wrap in plastic , and look they over . she have not see this in awhile . she hold one of the suit up to herself . she look slightly pain . be she really go to do this ? same - a little later shower and dress , becca apply a little makeup , then check herself out in the mirror . she look good . ext . train station — a moment later becca , coffee and newspaper in hand , head up to the train platform just as the train pull in . this all feel so familiar to she . ext . midtown — manhattan — day becca walk towards we on a sidewalk . the street be pack with people , and the sidewalk cramped with fruit stand and kebab cart . becca love it all . back in she element . a shot of the top of a sculptural Frank gehry -like mirrore building . we tilt down to find a ebullient becca crossing the street and enter the building . int . sotheby's lobby - day it 's all glass and class in here . becca approach a receptionist at the reception desk . she 's all smile and confidence . becca hi , I be here to see Scott bader in the event Department . the receptionist search she computer for the name . receptionist I do not have a bader list . becca oh . well that 's weird . 30 . her heart sink . not what she plan on . what to do now ? becca kate Finn . what about kate ? receptionist I have a Robert Finn in Dec. Arts ? ( becca shake she head ) if you have a appointment , I can just call up there . who be you ? becca ( on the rope a bit ) um ... I be just ... I do not have a appointment actually . I be just a old friend . I use to work here . she eye she . she do not remember she . gary ( 0.s. ) becca ? she turn to see a youngish guy in a suit , gary , stand there with a Starbucks tray of several coffee . former frat - boy type . becca do not recognize he at first , but then ... becca Gary ? gary heeey . what be you do here ? becca um ... I have some errand in the city , and think I would pop in and say hello . but apparently nobody work here anymore . gary oh yeah , Scott go over to Christie 's back in March . the traitor . 31 . becca well nice to see you be still do the coffee run at least . gary oh , no , I do not usually -- um , I be in Scott 's old job . becca be clearly surprised , and a little confuse . the lobby seem to be fill with people young and better dress than becca be . be here suddenly feel like a big mistake . becca fight the impulse to run for the exit . gary hey , how 's the family ? becca you know what , Gary ? I know how busy it get up there , so I be gonna let you get back to it . gary ( chuckle ) yeah , that have not change . becca it be great to see you though . gary yeah , you too . and she take off . in she haste , she nearly get take out by the revolve door . she wait for the next open , and make she exit . Gary just stand with the coffee in the middle of the lobby , watch she go . that be weird . ext . manhattan STREET - day becca hurry down the street , shake up , and eager to get back home . come here be a terrible idea . ext . suburban STREET — larchmont - day becca drive with a purpose . she check the time on she watch . if she hurry she can still make it . 32 . ext . tree - line STREET - outside jason's house - day becca be in she car , back in she spot , park a safe distance from Jason 's house . finally the school bus pull up the hill . becca slump down in she seat so as not to be see . the bus pull over . becca peek up over the steering wheel and watch as Jason get off follow by the 14 - year - old girl . she walk off while Jason pause on the sidewalk to adjust he backpack . the bus pull away . but instead of head to he house , Jason walk toward becca . becca shit . panicked , she grab a baseball cap from the backseat and quickly put it on . Jason , meanwhile , do not even notice she . he walk right past the car , and down the street . becca look up tentatively , and watch in the rearview mirror as Jason disappear around the corner . becca start the car , pull away , and bang a U - turn , drive back in the direction Jason be head . ext . larchmont residential STREET - moment later becca trail he in the car , keep a safe distance . ext . larchmont avenue — moment later becca slow as she see he head towards the entrance of a public library . she turn to park . int . larchmont public library - moment later Jason be return a book to a elderly librarian . librarian well there be fine you know . 33 . jason no , I know . librarian the book 's quite overdue . we have send out several notice . jason yeah , that 's why I be here . librarian Seven dollar . becca spy all this from behind a row of bookcase , pretend to browse the stack . she watch as Jason pay the late fee . the librarian take the money , and head into a back room . Jason , meanwhile , head off into another part of the library . when the coast be clear becca approach the front desk . she look down at the book Jason return - " parallel universe " by Fred Alan Wolf . pretty dry stuff . librarian ( 0.s. ) can I help you ? becca look up to find the librarian back at she station . becca uh , yes , actually . would it be possible for I to check this out ? becca smile at the librarian . librarian certainly . int . library children' section - moment later becca be head for the exit with the book , when something stop she . in the child 's section a young mom , ABBY , be read " the runaway Bunny " to she little girl , lilly , 3 . ABBY " I will become a fish in a trout stream and I will swim away from you . '' look he 's -- 34 . lilly he 's in the water . ABBY yes , he be , " if you become a fish in the trout stream , say he mother , I will become a fisherman and I will fish for you . " becca turn away abruptly and make for the exit . but not before she smack straight into Jason . becca oh ! sorry . then she see it 's he . they both stand there , stunne , a little terrify . it 's as if time have stop for a moment . Jason see the parallel universe book in she arm and look as if he 's about to speak , when becca turn and hurry out of the library . he just watch she go , shake . int . howie' office — day howie be try to work . Rick pop he head in . rick hey . howie hey . rick I just score yankee ticket offa rowan . tonight . you interested ? howie ( really consider it ) I can not . I have Group . rick you can not skip one night ? they be behind home plate . howie another time . rick if there be one . Rick take off . 35 . int . meeting hall — community CENTER — night howie stand by himself with a cup of coffee , look more out of place than usual . gabby and Kevin approach . gabby go stag tonight ? howie uh , yeah . howie sip he coffee . gabby obviously want more info . howie becca 's gonna ... take a little break . from the group . no need to say more that . gabby smile sympathetically . Kevin actually look envious - lucky becca . kevin I be gonna get a coffee . ( head off ) gabby ( to howie ) wanna sit ? howie yeah . int . nat' live room —- night nat be on the couch watch television when she phone ring . she reach under some newspaper and answer it . nat hello ? int . becca' kitchen - intercut phone call becca hey Mom , it 's I . nat what 's wrong ? 36 . becca nothing . I be just ... think about make izzy 's birthday cake . would that be alright ? nat oh honey , you do not need to do all that . I be just gonna grab she one of that carvel thing . she like that . becca ( make a face ) I do not mind . it will give I something to do . nat okay then . becca check the fridge to make sure she have everything she need . nat no group tonight ? becca howie 's there . it 's too much God talk for I , so ... ( silence on the other end ) what . nat nothing . it 's just ... some people find that comforting . becca yeah , well , it piss I off . nat you know , becca , when you brother die , I find the church very helpful . becca I know you do , but that 's you , not I . and Danny be not Arthur . nat I do not know why you do not believe in god anyway . I bring you to church every Sunday -- 37 . becca ( laugh ) let 's not start this again , okay mom ? I be just call about the cake -- nat you be not right about everything , you know . what if there be a God ? becca then I have say he 's a sadistic prick . nat alright , becca . that 's enough . becca " worship I and I will treat you like shit . " no wonder you like he , he sound just like dad . it 's like a slap . nat cover the mouthpiece with she hand . becca immediately regret it . where do that come from ? becca I be sorry . nat take a breath , then remove she hand from the phone . nat you be gonna do the cake then ? becca yeah . nat right , I will see you tomorrow . nat hang up abruptly . int . howie' car — go to the party - a little later becca who have a birthday party at a bowl alley anyway ? izzy think she 's still fourteen . 38 . howie if you be not up to this we do not have to go -- becca no , it 's just a party . i’1l be fine . becca check the back seat . a cakebox be carefully place there . she also notice Danny 's booster seat and get a little pang . becca I really wish you have take that out of here , howie . howie you be hardly in this car , what 's the difference ? becca it 's just weird . they drive in silence . howie 's try to get up the nerve to broach a topic . alright , here go ... howie what if we give it another try ? ( off she silence ) another baby ? becca turn to he , expressionless . Cars fly by outside . becca what ? howie well we be not get any young . so if we be think about it -- becca be that what the sex thing be about the other night ? howie no -- becca you try to get I pregnant ? 39 . howie becca , no , of course not . I know it 's scary , but maybe it might ... help we get we back on track . becca on track ? howie what , we can not talk about it ? becca I think we should sell the house . ( off he blank look ) I have be think about it , and since we be on the topic -- howie how be we on the topic ? becca I have talk to a realtor and she think we can pull together a open house pretty quickly -- howie what do you mean you talk to a realtor ? becca we would probably take a loss in this market but -- howie why would you talk to a realtor without tell I ? becca I be tell you now . howie be confuse and put out by this information . becca you want to get we back on track , I think it would help if we move . howie we love that house . 40 . becca he 's everywhere , howie . the puzzle , the fingerprint on the door jamb -- howie ( take eye off the road ) I like see he fingerprint -- becca that 's because you do not have to sit and stare at they all day . you get to go to work . you get to escape ! howie I do not want to move ! becca and I do not want another baby ! becca look through the windshield ... becca ( gasp ) howie Jesus ! directly ahead of they a car have stop at a light . howie slam on the brake . they be pitch forward . the tire lock and screech . becca clutches the dashboard with she eye close . the car come to a stop behind the car with a couple of foot to spare . silence . becca open she eye , and nod . she take a deep breath . then ... she lean over into the back seat . howie what be you do ? becca what do you think I be do ? I be check the cake . it 's fine . and she do . howie 's jaw tighten , and he restart the car . 41 . int . bowling alley —- day this place be a dive , but everyone 's have fun . becca 's cake have be slice up and hand out . reema and several of izzy 's other friend take turn bowl and drink beer . becca , try hard to be chipper , be the official score - keeper . auggie and nat be in the midst of a heat but good nature argument . nat , tipsy , keep fill a cup with wine . auggie be you kid ? the kennedy ? with the assassination ... the lobotomy ...?! nat yeah , but that 's not a curse though . that 's just bad luck . auggie the plane crash ? nat too much money , that 's they curse . if that kennedy live like normal people , most of they would still be alive . izzy I think it 's sad . nat of course it 's sad . all that good - look people fall out of the sky like that . it 's a friggin’ waste . becca ( whisper to izzy ) do not I say no wine ? izzy she bring it herself . nat be not this nice ? sitting around talk politics ? I never do this . it 's a nice change . becca let 's do gift . 42 . izzy yes ! pass ‘em ! becca grab a big present and hand it over to izzy . becca okay . it 's heavy . izzy it 's so pretty . I hate to rip it open . but she do . izzy unwrap a tasteful bathroom set . beat . people respond politely . auggie look confuse . howie it 's a bathroom set . becca it 's more of a practical gift . izzy be this you way of tell I you do not like my Three stooge shower curtain ? becca I do not know what to get you . izzy seriously , this be great . auggie say thank you . izzy thank you , becca . thank you , howie . howie ( chuckle a little ) do not thank I , becca pick it out . ( off becca 's look ) what ? nat okay , now I . nat hand a gift to izzy ... nat I know it 's a little early but -- 43 . izzy unwrap maternity clothes . much warmer response . izzy oh , my God ! so sweet . thank you , mommy . izzy hug she mom . becca look uncomfortable . becca I think we be not do baby stuff . for the birthday . ( off they look ) I think we would wait for the shower . nat no honey , it 's not baby stuff , it 's mommy stuff . izzy ( xe : towel and such ) this be perfect , bec . I need a bathroom set . becca yeah , but you need baby stuff more . howie we can take it back . becca that 's right , we should . I will get you a basket of mustela lotion . they prevent stretch mark ... becca try to take the gift back . izzy becca , let go . you can get I the lotion another time . they struggle over it . becca finally let go . izzy thank you . silence . becca be embarrassed . this be awkward . becca regains she composure and hand izzy another present . becca here. 44 , same — later that night thing be much rowdier . izzy 's friend bowl like drunken fool . becca and howie with nat , who 's pretty sloshed . nat oh , I just remember what I be gonna say about aristotle onassis ! it be about the son who die in the plane crash ! becca look at she watch . people bowl . becca ( to howie ) you ready to go ? howie yeah . nat you should have stop I from go off on that Kennedy stuff , because my point be about onassis and how he put up a reward to anyone who could prove that someone have sabotage he son 's plane . he be so desperate to blame somebody . ( to howie ) do you read this ? howie get up to leave , but nat keep talk . nat he need a reason for lose he son . becca Mom , why be you tell this story ? nat I be just talk . I can not talk ? becca you never just talk . becca and howie gather up they coat and thing . izzy come over to say goodbye . izzy , sense the danger , try to defuse the tick bomb . 45 . izzy thank you guy for come to my party . becca the cake be so good . nat you forget what I go through when you brother die . you think I do not know anything , but I do becca ! becca like who to blame ? thing be get tense now . izzy 's friend notice . izzy you guy , this be my party . auggie ( take she hand ) let they 's go . that 's not on you . nat I be not talk about blame , I be talk about comfort . becca ohhh , comfort . well then . nat where be you get it ? becca Comfort ? I be not . nat well I think you should . becca okay . I will get right on that then . see what I can dig up on ebay . nat I be just try to help you , becca . I wish someone have give I a little advice when Arthur die . becca turn on she mother and lash out ... 46 . becca you know what I wish ? I wish you would stop compare Danny to Arthur ! Danny be a four- year - old boy who chase he dog into the street ! Arthur be a thirty - year - old heroin addict who od have ! frankly I resent how you keep lumping they together ! nothing but the sound of jukebox music and fall pin . nat he be still my son . becca gather up she thing . howie , look deeply uncomfortable , help to usher she out . becca we be gonna go . izzy , I hope you enjoy the bathroom set . izzy I be gonna . becca and howie head out . no one else move . nat when Arthur die , I be just as upset as she be , but I never take it out on other people . izzy what about Mrs. Bailey ? nat nobody 's talk about Mrs. Bailey ! int . howie be car - go home from the party - a little later becca and howie drive in silence . a_blank piece of black paper the hand appear over a black piece of paper with cutout of intersect tunnel . the hand paint three face in a white portal open . first a woman , then a man , then a boy . he do this several more time in other portal , vary the three face - sometimes all three , sometimes just one or two , and sometimes none at all . 47 . int . howie and becca 's bedroom — the next morning becca be at she mirror . she adjust the blouse she 's wear . it 's cheery . classy but cheery . howie ( 0.s. ) hey , do you call that guy about the roof ? becca I could not find the number . howie ( 0.s. ) it 's in my phone . it 's on the mantle . becca move to the phone and pick it up . howie come in from they bathroom , buttone up he shirt . becca seem to be have some trouble with the phone . becca what 's he name ? howie it 's not under he name . becca ( press button ) then how be I suppose to call he if I - -? howie it 's under roof guy . becca ( a little chuckle ) roof guy . howie well what be I suppose to put it under . becca look for the number but have trouble with the touch screen on the phone . becca I do not know how to use this thing . it do not -- howie look over she shoulder , and try to help ... 48. howie ( gently ) okay , now scroll down . becca ( she try to ) now what ? howie scroll down with you finger . becca you do it . howie reach over and find the number on the phone for she . howie roof guy . becca thank you . it 's just a small tender marital moment . and then howie go back to get dress . ext . tree - line STREET - outside jason's house - day becca be back in she spot , only this time she 's stand on the sidewalk next to she car , wait nervously . she 's wear she cheery top . finally the bus pull up the hill . becca fix she hair a little . she wait with anticipation . the bus stop and let out ... the 14 - year-old girl . no Jason . becca be confuse and disappointed . she 's about to get back in she car when ... jason ( 0.s. ) be you wait for I ? becca turn to see Jason stand on the sidewalk behind she . she 's obviously take aback . becca oh . um , hi. yeah , I ... I be sorry , I think you take the bus . jason I do . becca right . but not ...? 49 , jason not today , no . today I skip school . becca oh. well ... ( try to make a joke ) --- you should not be play hooky , young man . a little nervous laugh from she . lame . jason why be you wait for I ? becca I think we could talk ? jason ( beat ) about what ? but she do not respond . Jason be not sure what to make of she . ext . park - a little later Jason and becca sit on a park bench . Way off in the distance child play on a jungle gym . becca be this okay ? jason yeah . it 's fine . becca it 's not too weird ? jason um , no . I mean ... becca no , I know . it 's weird for I too . becca try to smile . now what ? becca do not you like school ? jason I like it alright . 50 . becca okay . I just think , you seem to not be go so -- jason I have be accept to college already , so ... becca oh . so it 's not a big deal then . jason no , it be a big deal , but ... only if my mother find out . becca I see . jason she say she have confiscate my phone if I do it again . ( beat ) not that I use the phone anyway . Jason nervously pick at the wood of the bench . becca where be you head ? jason Connecticut College . becca that 's a good school . and not too far . you parent must be happy . jason it 's just my mom , but yeah , she 's pretty happy about it . becca I bet . jason she keep say she 's gonna apply to the grad program so she can keep a eye on I while I be up there . ( beat ) she 's just joke though . becca nod politely . 51 . jason she 's not really look forward to it , since I be the only one at home now , but I tell she I would come back on the weekend if I could . becca that will be nice . more silence . Jason look over at the kid play . jason ( simply ) so , I be sorry . becca ( surprised by the topic ) oh , I know , you do not have to -- jason I know that do not help , but ... becca no it do . it really do . jason and I know I should have try to get in touch -- becca no , it 's fine . jason I just really wish I have drive down a different block that day . becca ( beat ) I know . Jason have not look at she during this exchange . jason you know what ? I should maybe go . becca it 's alright . jason my mom 's gonna start to wonder where I be at -- 52 . becca that 's okay . you really do not have to -- Jason get up to go . becca be a little confuse by he abruptness . then Jason stop , and he face she . jason could we do this again sometime ? becca ( beat ) sure . Jason nod , and take off , leave becca alone on the bench . ext . community CENTER parking lot - night howie get out of he car and start to walk toward the building where Group be hold . only something slow he step . at the other end of the parking lot he see a car idling . gabby be sit in the driver 's seat . just sit there . something be not right . howie walk towards she , concerned . as he come around the passenger 's side , and look in the open window , everything become clear . gabby be fire up a bowl . she take a huge toke , and only then see howie . gabby Jesus Christ ! she toss the bowl in the ashtray . howie be really amused . howie hey , gabby . gabby I can not believe you just see I do that . howie I do not mean to sneak up on you . I think something be wrong . but obviously everything ... smell fine . gabby you can smell it huh ? ( laugh and wave smoke outside ) God , everyone in there be gonna know . I swear I never do this . 53. howie where 's Kevin ? gabby he 's not come to group . and I blame you wife by the way . I think she put the idea in he head . howie well , he do not seem to really like group all that much . gabby he 's get I all upset . I mean , look at I . smoke pot ina parking lot . it 's like I be in high school . I be ridiculous . howie do you have any more ? gabby chuckle . then ... she realize he 's serious . and howie smile like a naughty child . gabby yeah ! come on in , partner ! int . meeting hall —- community CENTER - night the support group be well underway . howie and gabby sit in the circle of chair . they be both pretty stone . another grieve couple speak ... bob well if today be rage day , most of you know that I be a little more comfortable with rage . talk about rage . I deal with rage every single day . and I listen to this guy at work , and they go on and on about pave they driveway , or whatever , just the most stupid nonsense . they do not know . they have not have they life rip apart yet . howie start to snicker quietly . gabby dare not look at he . she be bite the inside of she cheek so as not to laugh . mary they be not in the club . 54 . bob exactly . meanwhile , I be sit there like , '' hey guy , my daughter die of leukemia - - ! " '' a burst of laughter escape from howie . a few people turn to he . he clear he throat and stand . howie I be sorry , I need some water . he get up . gabby close she eye , again so as not to laugh . ext . community CENTER parking lot - end of the night the meeting have let out . howie and gabby walk out together . howie you be one of that bad kid my mother warn I about . gabby yes , I be corrupt you . ( be : the pot ) do not worry , I will not tell becca . howie ( beat ) I would appreciate that . gabby good night . howie good night . they part way , head off to they respective car . int . live room —- later that night howie plunk down into he chair and whip out he I - phone , still stone . he click through he application look for something . he can not find it . howie be confuse . he click the screen of he phone repeatedly , panic start to set in . he scroll through . something be very wrong . int . bedroom / stairway / hall - simultaneous becca be read the parallel universe book when she hear howie yell . 55 . howie ( 0.s. ) becca ?! what would you do here ?! becca what ? we stay on becca as she dash from the bedroom , down the stair , and toward the live room , everything reeling . int . live room — continuous howie stand in the middle of the room scrolling through he I - phone application . he 's beside himself . becca stand in the doorway , scared . howie goddamn it , what do you do to my phone ? becca Jesus , howie . I think something have hap -- howie this morning . when you use it . what do you do to my phone ? becca nothing . I just get the number for the roof guy . howie for christsake ! becca what , you tell I to call he . howie you delete Danny 's video . becca ( beat ) no , no I do not . no. I just ... you be right there . I just get the number . howie yeah , and you keep press the screen . becca because I could not figure out how to use you phone . 56 . she take the phone from he and scroll the screen , try to find it . howie I check already . it 's go . becca ( still tapping the screen ) we have a hundred video of he , howie . howie that 's not the point , becca . becca then you should have put it on you computer . howie right , it 's my fault . becca ( still search ) I do not say that . howie I say it 's go ! he grab the phone and hurl it onto the couch . becca Jesus , howie ! I do not do it on purpose ! howie be you sure ? becca stand stare at he , dumbstruck . becca what do that mean ? ( no response ) you think I deliberately delete he video ? howie I do not know . becca you do not know ? she glare , shake , wait for some kind of explanation . 57 . howie it 's like you be try to get rid of he . I be sorry , but that 's how it feel . every day , it 's something new . becca ( beat - hold it together ) really . howie yeah . it 's like you be try to get rid of any evidence he be ever here . you take he painting off the fridge . becca yes , to save they . they be ina box downstairs . howie his clothes ? becca we do not need all that stuff . howie you want to sell the house . you send taz to you mother 's . becca there be a lot go on , howie . the dog get under foot . howie right . and he be a reminder . becca yes , he be a reminder , and I want one less reminder around here . howie and since you never want the dog . becca oh , for godssake . howie well if I have not buy the dog -- 58 . becca and if I have not run in to get the phone or if I have latch the gate -- howie I leave the gate unlatch ! becca well I do not check it ! I be not play this game again howie . it be no one 's fault . howie not even the dog' . dog chase squirrel , boy chase dog . becca I know that . howie he love that dog ! and you get rid of it ! becca just like I get rid of the video . howie ( lose it ) it 's not just the video ! I be not talk about the video , becca ! it 's taz , and the painting , and the clothes , and it 's everything ! you have to stop erase he ! you have to stop it ! you have to stop ! howie 's be reduce to tear . he have to move away from she . becca take he in . she seem more confuse than affront . becca do you really not know how impossible that would be ? to erase he ? no matter how many thing I box up , do you really think I do not see he every second of every day ? howie look up at she . 59 . becca the video be a accident , howie . and believe I , I will beat myself up about it forever , I be sure . just like everything else that I could have prevent . howie that 's not what I want , becca . becca no ? because it feel like it be . it feel like maybe I do not feel badly enough for you . they stand there , unable to go any further with this . howie this be not ... something have to change here . because I can not do this ... like this . it 's too hard . it 's too hard . howie head for the door , then stop . howie and I want that dog back . you mother 's make he fat . becca howie -- howie I miss the dog . I be sorry , but I miss he . I want he back . they regard each other silently . howie head down the hall , and then up the stair , leave becca alone . int . library - day Jason be in a secluded corner , work on he comic book . in one panel we see the boy pass through the portal in the science lab . and in the next panel we see he fall through a rabbit hole in space . the boy look terrify . Jason look up at the clock . crap , he 's late . he gather up he stuff , and run . 60 . ext . park — day Jason sit eat a lemon square . becca be beside he . there 's a tin of lemon square between they . jason you really make this ? becca I do . jason they be good . still warm . becca I be glad you like they . they be still pretty formal with each other . becca so I have be read that book . the parallel universe book ? jason yeah ? do you like it ? becca yeah , it 's interesting . I do not know if I buy it - the whole alternate reality thing - I do not know . but it 's interesting . do you have to do it for a school project ? jason no . it 's research . becca oh. Research . he consider she , then reach for he backpack . he unzip it , and pull out a handful of papers hold together by a big binder clip . he hand the page to she . becca look down at what be obviously the hand - draw comic book we have see . the cover be very retro and flash Gordon - esque . becca read the title - '' rabbit hole . '' 61 . jason it 's a comic book . she flip through the page - more incredible pen and ink drawing : a strange space portal , science fiction action sequence , a pirate sequence , dinosaur ... becca wow , this be ... impressive . you do all this ? jason yeah . becca wow . it 's amazing . what 's it about ? jason a scientist , I guess . and he son . the father discover this network of hole that lead to other galaxy and , um -- becca parallel universe . jason yeah , but the scientist die . so the son go into this rabbit hole to try and find he . but it 's not he , because he 's dead , so it 's like another version of he . becca be look down at one panel of the comic book : it 's one we see earlier : the father and son play ball on the front lawn , the mother with lemonade , and the boy behind the tree with the '' ?! " think bubble over he head . jason I know it 's kinda stupid , but ... becca no . jason no? okay . becca not at all . I would love to read it . 62. jason ( get uncomfortable ) yeah it 's um ... he reach out and politely take it back from she , then return it to he backpack . silence . jason sorry . it 's just ... it 's not do yet . but when it be do , I will let you read it . becca ( beat ) okay . jason okay . becca I do not want you to feel uncomfortable . I - - jason ( interrupt she ) I might have be go too fast . ( beat ) that day . becca do not know what to say . jason I be not sure , but I might have be . so ... that 's something I have be want to tell you . she just sit there and listen . Jason 's confession be simple and quiet . there 's nothing overwrought about it . jason it 's a thirty zone . and I might have be go thirty - one . or thirty - two . I would usually look down , to check , and if I be a little over , then I would slow down obviously . but I do not remember check on you block , so it 's possible I be go too fast . and then the dog run out really fast , so I swerve . I do not know ... I do not know . a moment between they . 63. jason I think you should know . I might have be go a little over the limit . I can not be positive . becca feel many thing . but mostly she feel badly for he . becca it 's okay . jason okay . becca I know , okay ? jason thank you . int . gabby's car — community CENTER parking lot - night gabby and howie be sit get stone again . they smoke up in silence for several beat before anyone speak . howie I do not wanna go in there . gabby look to he . what be they gonna do instead ? int . arcade - night gabby and howie be at adjacent lane play skee -ball . they be have a great time . gabby bowl a impossible shot . howie oh , come on ! gabby I be sorry , you suck ... howie I would be do better but you pot mess up my depth perception . howie make a fairly good shot . gabby I be gonna support that one . I be totally gonna support that one . she laugh . they continue to play over the follow ... 64 . gabby hey you know what . I have a confession to make . remember when I say Kevin leave Group ? howie yeah . gabby what I mean to say ... be that he leave I . he leave I . howie continue to bowl , not really sure how to respond . gabby yeah . I come home and he be go . howie wow . no note or -- gabby oh there be a note . well , nota note so much as a manifesto . on all the way that we be destroy each other . howie Jesus . I be sorry . gabby well ... this be generally how it go , right ? it change you . it literally change people . part of I think it be inevitable . this suddenly feel dangerous . they skee - ball in silence . howie I love my wife . gabby ( pause ) of course you do . howie I love she very much . gabby okay . 65 . int . live room — howie and becca' house — later that night becca be on the couch read the parallel Universe book , when she hear howie come in the front door . she immediately tuck the book behind a couch cushion , and grab a magazine . int . foyer — continuous howie hang he key by the door . then , see the live room light on , he feel a pang of guilt . int . live room — continuous howie stand in the archway for a couple beat before becca look up at he . howie so I think you be right . we should maybe look into sell the house . it 's probably for the best . becca barely respond . why the sudden change in opinion ? becca okay . she watch as howie turn and head upstairs . int . danny's room —- a couple week later nat be help becca clean out Danny 's room . becca be put Danny 's book into a milk crate . nat be take toy , stuff animal , puzzle , etc. , out of a toy box and place they into a garbage bag , or into a keep - box . something stop nat . she 's pull one of Danny 's sneaker out of the toy box . it 's smaller than she remember . becca glance over at she and realize what 's happen . becca do not do that . ( take the sneaker ) Quick and clean , like a band - aid . or we will never get through this . becca place the sneaker into a garbage bag , pass nat a kleenex , and carry on as if the moment never happen . nat grab a couple toy , accidentally flipping the switch to a obnoxiously loud flash toy . 66 . nat I do not know how to turn it off . it take a moment , but becca switch off the toy . becca only people without child give gift like this . she pop it into the keep - box with a smile . nat have you hear from Debbie yet ? becca nope . nat that 's too bad . but it can be worse the other way , you know . I remember when Arthur die -- ( stop herself ) sorry . nat bite she tongue and move away . becca feel badly . becca you can say he name . nat can I ? I do not know you rule , becca . I do not wanna get scold again . becca you can talk about Arthur . I just do not like the comparison . nat ( beat ) okay . a moment pass between they . over the follow , they continue to organize the toy ... becca ( begrudgingly ) so how be it worse ? nat you remember Maureen Bailey ? becca yeah . 67 . nat I could not get rid of she after you brother pass away . she be always at the house . becca yeah , I remember that . nat yeah well , I never have a moment to myself . so finally in the middle of coffee one afternoon , I say , " Maureen , why be you always here ? " becca what would she say ? nat she say , " I wanna be there , nat , I wanna share in you grief . " and so I say " well it 's not work . you plant you fat ass in that chair every frickin ' day - - " becca you do not say that . nat I do ! " and you suck up all my coffee , and I do not see you leave with any of this grief you be allegedly share with I . in fact the only thing you do take outta here be my cinnamon bun . " ( beat ) so I never see she again obviously . nat shrug . she get a genuine chuckle out of becca . nat I feel guilty now . becca you do not . nat ( laugh ) I do . ( then ) you be right , I do not . I do not miss she at all . 68 . ext . becca 's home — day it be a bright sunny day . becca 's home have a '' open house '' sign in front of it . ext . becca 's backyard — same day taz be back . howie put he on a runner in the back yard . int . becca' kitchen - a moment later becca pull a warm pie out of the oven . it look perfect . she move it to the counter . howie enter through the back door carry taz 's leash . howie that take care of taz. ( eye the pie ) ah , the ol ' apple pie trick , eh ? becca what ? howie for the open House . warm baked goods make it feel homier . I think you be do it for the open House . becca oh . no , I be just make a pie . howie shrug - wrong again . becca tidy up . howie so , you be not gonna stay ? becca God , no . you should not either . ( off he chuckle ) you should not . howie come on , I be not gonna bother anyone . 69 . int . foyer — later that morning howie be chat with the slightly uptight middle - age realtor woman , rhonda . becca 's get ready to go . howie so we have the garbage can in the back , the sign out front . I mow the lawn . I think we have set the sign - in sheet here , and they could move into the live room . rhonda that 's fine . howie my wife 's gonna go hide out , but I will stick around , if that 's okay with you . Rhonda pause slightly . rhonda sure . however you want to do it . becca head out . becca okay . howie bye. ( back to Rhonda ) I think that 's everything . ext . park —- a little later becca sit read the parallel universe book on the same bench she sit with Jason . she do not make plan with he , but half - hope she might see he here . she put down the book and look around . there be parent mind they kid on the jungle gym . there 's a couple sit on the grass , share a newspaper . a group of guy play touch - football . only becca be by herself , and she feel it maybe harder than she ever have . 70 . int . howie and becca' foyer —- day howie stand expectantly with a clipboard as a suburban couple ( craig and donna ) with a four year old son , caden , come in from the live room with Rhonda . howie southwestern exposure . Sun all day . donna the layout be exactly what we have be look for . craig ( to donna ) and the light in here . donna I know , it 's beautiful . rhonda why do not we take a look upstairs ? howie that 's a great idea . I x11 show you . follow I . he take over , lead they upstairs . Rhonda be peeve . int . danny's room - moment later howie be lead the family past the doorway ... howie we can start in the master bedroom if you want to see -- but the wife stop and duck into Danny 's room . donna what 's in here ? howie oh , that 's , uh -- the family enter the room . howie follow they in . Rhonda appear in the doorway , concerned as to how this might go . howie this could be a good room for the little guy , obviously . 71 . craig how about that , buddy ? you like this room ? the boy make a b-line for one of Danny 's wind - up robot . howie be immediately on edge . howie oo , careful with that . donna that 's not yours , honey . the boy reluctantly put the toy down . craig how old 's you son ? ( off howie 's blank look ) this be you son 's room , I assume ? howie uh , yeah . I mean ... it be , but .. - he die . Rhonda lower she eye . this be not the thing to say . the couple look confuse . this be suddenly very awkward . howie yeah , a car . right out front . donna oh my god . craig I be so sorry . howie thank you . donna this must be so difficult for you . howie yeah , it 's pretty weird . I still forget he 's not here sometimes . like maybe he 's just hide under the bed or something , and he 's gonna pop out . that 's what he use to do . ( look around ) I still feel he here . this come out weirder than howie intend . the parent be a little creepe out . the little boy look to the bed . 72 . howie ( beat ) would you like to see the master bedroom ? int . izzy's bathroom —- moment later izzy , toothbrush in hand , be just finish a phone call . izzy ( on phone ) yeah , I will be there . she hang up she cell phone . auggie pop he head in . auggie who be that ? izzy becca . she want to '' hang out . '' auggie look as confuse as izzy . she grab one of she new hand towel ( from becca 's bathroom set ) and wipe she mouth . the newly decorate bathroom look fantastic . int . upscale nail salon — day izzy and becca sit side by side get pedicure . becca flip through a magazine . the pedicurist work in silence . izzy this be a good idea . becca Nice , right ? becca glance over at izzy 's belly . becca you be start to show so early . izzy I know . I feel like a big ole balloon . I swear , once this kid be bear I be go right to the gym . becca while Mom watch the baby . becca smile and go back to she magazine . izzy can not quite tell if she 's just be insulted . 73. izzy what do that mean ? '' while Mom watch the baby . '' becca while you be at the gym , Mom can watch the baby . she love that . izzy no , auggie can watch the baby . he work night , so he will be home . becca okay . auggie , then . becca pass she a magazine . izzy be fight to bite she tongue , but it 's a lose the battle . izzy if you be gonna be mean to I , then I might as well stay home . becca what have I say ? izzy you think I be not cut out to be a good mother . becca that be not what I think . izzy I know I be not as organize as you be , or homey , or whatever -- becca nobody 's compare we . izzy really ? because that would be a first . becca honestly , izzy , I do not know what this be about . izzy it 's about I be a capable person who can raise a child , and look after it and protect it . it 's not izzy 's intention but this wound becca . 74 . izzy I resent the feel I get from you that I do not deserve the baby . or that I be not mature enough , or smart enough or something , to take care of it . I mean , my god , if Mom could do it , how hard could it be ? silence . they stare at each other . then becca go back to she read . int . supermarket — day becca and izzy stroll along with the shopping cart . muzak . becca this alright ? izzy yeah , it 's fine . becca I have just gotta pick up a few thing and then we can do lunch . becca make she way past wall of sugare kid 's cereal with colorful box . she roll past , not dare to look at they . another aisle - a moment later becca notice a mother , lori , at the end of the aisle . she be shopping with she little boy , sammy , in the cart . he 's about five , and really not happy . sammy please can I have some fruit Roll - up ? lori no , sammy , you know the answer . sammy please ? can I have some , please ? lori sammy . no. lori very deliberately turn she back on the boy and scan the shelf in front of she , ignore he entirely , which only anger he more . sammy I want the fruit roll-ups . lori not happen . sammy please , I ’1ll be good . lori stop it . sammy please ? lori no. sammy I promise . lori no , I be not gonna get ‘em . becca try to not pay attention , but it get under the boy 's whine turn into wail , and still the mom nothing . it go on for several beat , until becca take it anymore . she be suddenly stride down the toward they . surprise , izzy hurry after she ... but it 's too late , becca be already talk to lori . becca you know what ? it 's only three buck , why do not you just get he the roll -up ? the boy stop whining . he and izzy look to lori to response . the woman 's eye narrow . lori not that it 's any of you business , but we do not allow candy in we house , and my son know that . becca come on , it 's just fruit . why do not you give he a treat ? 75 . she skin . do can not aisle see she 76 . lori be you a mom ? the question hang there . izzy lower she eye . becca be obviously catch off-guard . she struggle to respond . lori yeah , I do not think so . ( move she cart ) Excuse I ... becca suddenly reach up and smack she across the face . hard . the woman stare at she , shocked . becca and izzy look equally shocked . do that really just happen ? the boy look as if he 's be hit too . izzy go to the car , becca . she do not move . izzy hiss through gritt tooth ... izzy I say go to the car . becca , slightly daze , step away from they . everything around she swirl a bit as she break into a run and dash for the exit . izzy ( explain to lori ) she just lose she son eight month ago and she 's -- lori I do not care . int . becca' car — parking lot - moment later becca and izzy sit in the car , still shake . int . becca and howie' kitchen - end of the day howie be look over the sign - in sheet . taz be bark out in the yard . becca and izzy come in with the grocery bag . becca unpack the grocery over the follow ... 77 . howie so ? fun day out ? becca toss izzy a warning glance . becca how would it go here ? howie not so good . we need to clean out that room . becca ( pause ) okay . howie maybe make it into a guest room or something . ( to izzy ) do not get any idea . izzy ha-ha . then izzy 's smile disappear . she look scared . becca notice and turn around - what 's wrong ? howie turn too . and then we see ... Jason be stand in the doorway of the kitchen . he 's somehow walk in unnotice . izzy Jesus ... jason hello . hi...um ... the door be wide open so ... ( no response ) and I knock , but ... they all stand there , still take aback by the moment . taz be still bark . howie taz ! shut up ! taz stop bark . they all stare at Jason . 78 . jason I see the sign outside ... the open House sign , so I think it have be okay to -- howie you look to buy a house ? becca howie -- jason no. jason ( turn to becca ) I just come to give you this . Jason hold out the " rabbit hole " comic book to becca . jason I say I would let you read it when it be do , so ... becca stand motionless . there 's no way out of this . she finally reach out and take the book . becca thank you . howie look from becca to the boy , completely dumbstruck . izzy be wide - eye with curiosity . becca can not even look at howie . Jason start to realize what he 's do . howie what ... what be this ? becca we ... bump into each other , in the library , and we decide to meet . howie you decide to meet . becca yeah . a couple time . howie shake he head . this be get weirder and weirder . jason I be sorry . I do not realize -- 79 . howie do you meet here ? becca no , we meet in the park . howie you meet in the park a couple time . becca yeah . howie 's breathe become shallow . he 's try hard to keep he anger under control . he advance on Jason a little bit . howie so my wife agree to meet you ina public place , and you ... what ? apologize ? jason I guess . howie okay , you apologize , and then what ? becca alright , howie , that 's enough . howie ( xe : book ) what be that ? becca it 's a comic book . howie it 's a comic book . a comic book . izzy look to she sister like , what the hell ? howie do she tell you to bring it here ? becca howie -- jason no , she do not . 80 . howie no , she do not . because this be we house . and just because there 's a sign out front do not mean you can pop in . becca howie , all right . howie no it 's not alright . you do not just walk into someone 's home like that . you should show a little fuck respect . Jason look to becca , then make a quick exit . they be all silent for a couple beat . becca ( quietly ) you be a asshole . she go out after Jason . howie watch she go . izzy put grocery away . howie ( whisper to himself ) I be a asshole . ext . sidewalk around howie and becca' house - moment later howie , still rattle , be walk taz on a leash . the big , dumb dog be essentially pull he down the block . howie easy ... he tug on the leash , but taz pay no mind . the dog continue to pant and pull , excited to be out of the yard . again , howie snap the leash hard , but it hardly do anything . howie be get piss . howie taz , stop it . taz suddenly see / hear some small animal in the hedge - in property next to the sidewalk . he leap towards the hedge , bark ferociously . 81 . howie taz . taz , stop it ! howie snap the leash back way too hard , and taz let out a pain yelp ! the dog retreat from the hedge , and cower . howie immediately feel horribly , and run to he . howie oh , buddy ... he bury he face in the dog 's fur . he feel to make sure he 's okay . howie rub he neck and pat he fur . taz look up tentative , and lick howie 's hand . the dog 's fine . but howie feel like a complete and utter heel . int . becca and howie' kitchen — evening becca be roll out dough for a pie crust . howie appear at the doorway . he stand and watch for a moment . howie why do not you tell I ? she stop and look up at he . becca ( simply ) for the same reason you do not tell I why you come home reek of pot . howie take this in . then retreat quietly from the doorway . becca go back to roll she pie crust . int . garage — day becca and nat carry the milk crate of Danny 's stuff down to the basement , and put they in the corner with a few other thing becca have put aside . becca stand there , take it in . Danny 's be reduce to a small corner of stuff in the basement . she let out a breath , then turn to she mother . becca do it ever go away ? nat what. 82. becca this feel . they lock eye . nat can see she actually want a answer . maybe for the first time ever . nat no . I do not think it do . not for I it have not . and that 's goin ' on eleven year . ( beat ) it change though . becca how ? nat I do not know . the weight of it , I guess . at some point it become bearable . it turn into something you can crawl out from under , and carry around - like a brick in you pocket . and you forget it every once in a while , but then you reach in for whatever reason and there it be : " oh right . that . " which can be awful . but not all the time . sometimes it 's kinda ... not that you like it exactly , but it 's what you have instead of you son , so you do not wanna let go of it either . so you carry it around . and it do not go away , which be ... becca what . nat Fine ... actually . they be silent for a couple beat . becca nod a little . nat turn and head up the basement step . int . howie and becca' bedroom - night they be both in bed read . becca be engross in Jason 's comic book . howie glance over , a bit annoyed by it . we see a panel - the boy in the story be run from a army of armor-clad knight . 83. he pass through a portal , and in the next panel he 's fall through another rabbit hole . he land on a suburban block . the think - bubble over the boy 's head read , " there 's my house ! I be back home ! " we follow becca 's eye across the panel . we see the boy at the front door of the house , and the parent stare down at he confuse . the bubble over the boy 's head read , '' it 's I ! you son ! '' and the mother 's bubble read , '' but we do not have a son . '' the next panel : a close - up of the boy 's devastate face . and in the next panel , he ask they , '' would you like one ? '' becca let out a little gasp when she see the picture . howie look over , intrigue . but she do not explain . ext . gabby's house - day gabby walk to answer the phone . gabby hello ? int . howie' office —- manhattan - intercut phone call howie hey , it 's howie . howie corbett . from Group ? gabby be obviously take aback . gabby hi , howie . ext . yard — late afternoon taz be bark and jump as howie make he way to the dog house . howie place the food down , and taz attack it . howie turn back to the house , and see becca work in the garden . she 's look at he strangely . howie hey . becca hi . you be go to group tonight , right ? 84 . howie ( try to sound off - hand ) yeah . you do not want to come , do you ? becca no . howie try to not look relieved . becca look a little guilty , as if she might have a secret as well . howie I be just gonna hop in the shower . becca okay . he give a little wave , and head in . becca watch he go . ext . becca and howie' front of house - minute later howie , freshly shower and change , head for he car . one guilty look over he shoulder , and he get in . int . live room / foyer - continuous becca watch from behind a curtain as howie 's car pull away . as soon as it do , she grab the " rabbit hole " comic book and she car key , and head for the kitchen . ext . becca and howie' driveway - a moment later now becca pull out of the driveway , and drive off in the opposite direction . as they drive down various suburban road , we intercut between the two car . becca and howie be both nervous , and eager to get where they be go . int . becca 's car — dusk becca place the comic book up on the dashboard . int . howie' car — dusk howie check he tooth in the rearview mirror . 85 . int . becca' car — intercut becca be on she cell phone . we hear Jason 's voice on the outgo message . becca hang up before it 's finish . int . howie be car - outside gabby's house - intercut howie finally reach he destination . it 's a beautiful house on a nice block . he slow to a stop at the curb . he put the car into park . he look up at the house , and take a deep breath . he 's terrify . he do not move . he just sit in he car . ext . gabby's house finally , he can not bear it anymore . he open the car door , and get out . he smooth he shirt , and head up the walk - way toward gabby 's front door . it 's just a few yard , but the walk may as well be a hundred mile . the door open , and gabby step outside . she look pretty . gabby do you find the house okay ? howie do not respond . he do not even move . gabby howie ? be he go to go through with this ? int . becca' car - intercut she pull up Jason 's block , and can not help smile . she 's grow to enjoy this encounter with he . but as she get closer , she smile fade . she 's really not expect to see the scene in front of she . ext . tree - line STREET - outside jason's house - continuous becca stop the car a safe distance away , unnotice by anyone . there 's a limo park at the bottom of the driveway . becca watch as Jason , in a tuxedo , very self - consciously pin a corsage to a skinny girl in a prom dress . 86 . jason's mother , giddy with pride , take picture after picture . jason's buddy and he buddy date heckle they from inside the car . when it 's time to go , Jason and he date , move to squeeze in the back seat . lot of good - nature shove , and big dress flipping up , and laugh . Jason 's mother , laugh herself , capture it all on film . int . becca '’s car — continuous it 's a relatively benign scene , but becca watch it as someone might watch a car-wreck - stunne , confuse , a little disbely ... the limo door close , and as it 's about to drive off ... ... something huge and uncontrollable open up inside of becca , and she begin to cry . a lot . she clutches the steering wheel and pretty much lose it . ext . becca' front lawn - day - flashback ( slo - mo ) Jason , at the wheel of he car , terror in he eye , turn to see becca stand outside of she house , tremble , not comprehend at all what she see . they lock eye . though becca have just see the body of Danny , we never do . we only see becca and Jason in this moment . and then ... int . limo — simultaneous ( slo - mo still laugh , Jason turn for just a moment and see becca 's car as they roll by . becca be hysterical but silent behind the glass of she window . Jason 's smile disappear . back to the limo ( slo - mo Jason watch as becca and she car disappear behind he , and he continue on to he prom . back to howie outside gabby's house howie be still stand there . gabby be wait . she try to smile . howie take a step back . 87 . howie ( barely a whisper ) I be sorry . howie turn , and head for the car . he get back in . gabby watch as he start the car and pull away . when he 's go , she shoulder drop in defeat . she slip inside , and gently close the door behind she . int . howie' car — speed home - moment later howie be suddenly in a big hurry to get home . he fly through the suburban back road , determine , and terrify of the very big mistake he very nearly make . ext . howie and becca 's front of house - moment later howie get out of the car , and yank the back door open . he grab the booster from the back seat , and toss it in the bag of garbage that have be put on the curb for pick -up . he close the car door , and head into the house . int . becca and howie' foyer - a moment later howie toss he key by the door , and peek into the live room , but there 's no one here . int . kitchen - a moment later no sign of becca . he peer out the kitchen window into the backyard . taz be asleep in the dog house . he move to the basement door , and listen . nothing . he call down the stair . howie becca ? still , nothing . this be odd . where do she go ? int . stairway / upstair hallway - continuous he run upstairs , a bit of panic creep in now . howie becca ...? 88 . int . bedroom - continuous he duck he head in . no one there . int . danny's room —- continuous howie click on the light . of course there 's no one here either . he look around the room . but there 's nothing . other than the stripped bed , the room be completely empty . and slowly , we see howie 's determination drain out of he body . he 's too late . becca be not here . and he 's convinced she 's actually leave he . spend , howie sit on the bed , stare off into space . then he quietly take off he shoe , and lie back on the bed . back to becca in her car - still across from jason 's house the prom car be go . becca be alone now . the street be empty again . she finally let go of the steering wheel . her cry be pretty much over . but she do not start the car . she just sit there . int . becca' car - early the next morning becca be asleep in she car - pretty much where we leave she . there a little tap - tap - tap at she window . she wake up , disorient , and see Jason outside , still in he tuxedo . becca Jesus . jason sorry . becca what time be it ? jason almost five ? becca and you be just get home ? 89 . ext . park — minute later they be back on they bench . the sun be creep over the field of the park . they have be sit here for awhile now without say anything . becca so how be it ? jason it be okay . becca well you look nice . jason thank you . becca be that you girlfriend ? jason just a friend . becca she 's pretty . Jason look to " rabbit hole " which sit on the bench between they . becca smile , and pick up the comic book . becca well , I like this so much . it 's beautiful . jason thanks . becca it remind I of orpheus and eurydice . do you know that myth ? jason not really . becca eurydice die , and orpheus miss she so much , that he travel to hade to retrieve she , but in the end it do not work out . 90 . jason I should read it . becca flip through the book . Jason undoe he bow-tie . becca so , be the scientist you dad ? ( off he blank look ) the scientist the boy be look for , be that you dad ? jason ( beat ) no . becca I mean , be it base on he ? jason no . my dad be a English teacher . becca oh. okay . I be curious about that part . jason it 's just a story . becca no , I know . I be just ... jason reading into it ? becca yeah . they sit there . a jogger run by in silence . becca do you think they be real ? jason parallel universe ? jason I think it 's basic science . if space be infinite , then everything be possible . 91 . she smile a little . this be the answer she be hope for . becca so somewhere out there , there 's a version of I -- what ? -- make pancake ? jason sure . becca or at a water park . jason wherever , yeah . both . law of probability . there be ton of you 's out there , and ton of I 's . becca so this be just the sad version of we . jason ( beat ) I guess . becca but there be other version where everything go we way . jason assume you believe in science . becca ( beat ) well that 's a nice think . that somewhere out there I be have a good time . Jason smile . they look out over the field , and the sun peek through the tree . int . danny's room — morning howie fall asleep on Danny 's bed last night . he wake up , squinting at the sun come in from the window . we hear the clink of mug be take from a cabinet , and coffee be make . Morning sound . 92 . it 's so strikingly normal that howie wonder for a moment if he be not imagine it . and when he realize he be not , a wave of relief wash over he . int . kitchen — moment later becca be at the table , drink she coffee , nibble on a piece of pastry . howie come in , still sleepy , and take in the scene . he get a mug , and pour himself some coffee . howie get a plate , and cut himself a piece . then move to the table . they drink they coffee . after a while ... howie I think maybe you have leave . she see the fear in he eye , and she feel badly for he . becca no . I do not leave . howie hide he relief by reach for the morning paper , and leaf through its content . becca so I be think we should invite Rick and Debbie over for a cookout . howie look up at she , totally perplex . becca she 's never gonna call . she think I hate she . I might as well just let she off the hook . howie so a cookout then . becca it will be good to see the kid . we should get something for Emily though . we miss she birthday . she turn four last week . howie right . okay . howie stare into he coffee mug . 93 . howie Danny 's be come up . becca I know . howie that 's gonna be a tough one . becca yeah . howie look up at she . howie so the kid ... Jason . do you tell he we do not blame he ? becca we do not blame he . howie no , I know , but do you let he know that ? becca I guess so . howie ( beat ) that 's good . becca look , howie , if you want talk with he . howie I do not . becca okay . they pick at the danish . howie it 's so quiet . 94 . becca that 's because I slip taz a couple ambien . howie ( smile ) you be funny . becca you think I be joke . a nice moment between they . it 's be awhile since they have have one . becca face he - down to business now . becca so what be we gonna do ? howie about what ? becca I do not know , pick something . howie ( think it over ) well ... we could go to Village toy tomorrow and pick up candy land for Emily . that 's probably something she would like . becca okay , candy land . that 's a start . then what ? howie then we wrap it . becca uh-huh . howie and then we have the cookout ... howie 's voice continue over the follow scene ... 95 . ext . becca and howie' back yard - a few week later - day a bright day . howie be at the grill . nat be blabbing away to he . becca be chat with she neighbor ( peg and Pete . ) Rick and Debbie come through the back gate with emily , 4 and robbie , 7 . becca get up and welcome they . howie ( v.o. ) and they will come over , and we will have a couple other people so it 's not too awkward for anyone . Debbie be still rather sheepish and apologetic when greeting becca . the kid make a b-line for taz , who 's tie up in the doghouse , and happy to see they . howie ( v.o. ) and to make they feel comfortable we will ask a bunch of question about what the kid have be up to , and we will pretend that we be really interested . howie 's voice continue over several more shot from the day . izzy , look especially pregnant , show up with auggie . she 's bring some kind of pie . becca seem both shocked and impressed by it . despite the iconic suburban cookout , this should feel more winsome than happy . the unresolved issue linger . howie ( v.o. ) and then we will wait for someone to bring up Danny while the kid be play . and maybe that will go on for a little while . and as he describe , we see they all sit around have some adult conversation as the sun go down . same — dusk everyone 's go . howie and becca be sit next to each other in separate chair look out at the fade light over the water . they be both lose in think . all around they be the wreckage of the cookout . 96 . howie ( v.o. ) and after that they will go home . becca glance over at taz , who be quiet and exhaust . becca ( v.o. ) and then what ? howie ( v.o. ) ( beat ) I do not know . something though . we will figure it out . becca ( v.o. ) will we ? howie ( v.o. ) I think so . I think we will . becca look to howie . they both look a bit scared . she reach over and take he hand ... for the first time in a very long time . it 's a simple gesture - not of resolution - but of possibility . howie hold on tight . and we ... fade out . the end