ext . hilly country road -- day a large , black , powerful - look motorcycle wait propped up on its center stand on the gravel shoulder of a desert country road . the gold lettering on its tank and side cover identify it as a norton commando 850 . two white Bell full - coverage helmet sit on its saddle , like medieval jousting helmet . Beyond the motorcycle , stretch out on a grassy rise , lie hart read , twenty -six , and he long - time girlfriend Rose , who be the kind of eighteen that often seem more like fifteen , and once in a while like twelve . at the moment Rose be definitely eighteen and in control of thing , produce tuna sandwich with lettuce and mayonnaise out of a string bag and pour coffee , pre-mix with sugar and milk , from a small thermos flask . read watch she play housewife with vast amusement . Rose hold out a sandwich . read what have we get , Rose ? Steak on a bun ? rose tuna with lettuce and mayo . you gonna make trouble ? read yeah . Big trouble . he grab Rose 's wrist and pull she close . he look she deep in the eye . read I want steak . read kiss she full on the mouth . Rose drop the sandwich into the grass . read Steak . they kiss passionately . ext . hilly country road -- day -- one hour later read kick the big norton into life . Rose put on she helmet , do up the chin strap , and get on the machine behind read . read wait for she to get settle , blip the throttle , then accelerate off the shoulder of the road , fishtail slightly in the gravel . ext . hilly country road -- day the norton boom along the twisty two - lane road . the road be clear and read feel good . he open the throttle even more , almost become airborne over the crest of a steep rise , and lean the bike over in the corner until he scrape rubber off the footpeg . Rose ride loose , completely at ease behind read . she clasp she arm around he loosely , always go with the motion of the machine , close she eye in pleasure . ext . hilly country road -- day further up the road , a neat white vw pop - top camper trundle along in the opposite direction carry a middle - age man , he wife , and they twelve - year- old daughter . they be city slicker out for a autumn camp jaunt , and thing be not go well for they . wife ( scrutinize crumpled map ) we pass it . man we do not pass it . I remember that farm . wife we pass it . that farm come after concession road 12 and we be suppose to turn at concession road 11 . kid I do not remember that farm , dad . man we do not pass it . I very distinctly remember that farm . wife if you would just stop this vehicle long enough to take a look at the map I will prove to you beyond any shadow of a doubt that we ... man ( lose he temper ) all right ! the man swing the camper across both lane in one furious motion and slam on the brake just before they go over the edge of the road into a ditch border a open field . man you be both right and I be all wrong . he slam the camper into reverse and back up as far as he can , then slam it into first and lurch forward , try vainly to make a clean three - point turn on the narrow road . man we will turn around and go all the way back . when the camper be stretch completely across both lane of the highway , it stall . the man twist the key viciously but it will not restart . man goddamn thing ! shoulda never sell the goddamn station wagon . kid the station wagon use to use too much gas , remember , dad ? wife you keep quiet when you dad 's ina sweat , Valerie . man ( still try to start the camper ) goddamn thing . shoulda never sell the wagon . without warning , read 's bike suddenly appear over the crest of the hill just beyond the camper . the bike be near 100 mile a hour . the wife see it first . wife oh , Christ , Bob ! man ( look up ) huh ? oh , Christ ! there be no place for read to go except off the road . the bike shoot over the drainage ditch beside the road two foot from the nose of the camper . the man and he wife sit with they mouth open , watch through they front windshield the bike fly through the air into a overgrown field , as though it be happen on tv . ext . field -- day when the bike finally land in the field , it hit down front wheel first . the impact slam read over the handlebar into the trunk of a small but solid tree . Rose stay with the machine for one complete cartwheel . the motorcycle end up on top of she , the tank across she belly . before she can move , the tank explode into flame . the flame begin to melt the plastic visor of she helmet . ext . edge of the field -- day the camper driver turn around in he seat and start to rummage around , look for something to put out the fire . his wife get hysterical . she can see Rose try vainly to get out from under the bike . wife oh , my God ! she 's gonna burn ! she 's gonna die ! man where 's the kid 's blanket ? where 's the kid 's goddamn blanket !? ext . terrace of keloid clinic -- day Jackie , a cool blonde English woman in she early forty have be bird - watch from the clinic 's terrace . something startling attract she attention . jackie I do not believe it . Lloyd walsh , a actor in he late thirty in the keloid Clinic of cosmetic surgery for he second facial touch - up , pause in the middle of a sit - up which he be perform on a exercise mat a few yard away . walsh be wear a blue jogging outfit whose top bear the word ' jogging kill . ' his head be bandage . walsh what be it ? you spot a rare tufte tit-mouse or something ' ? Jackie turn away from she binocular . she have thin surgical wire attach to the upper and lower eyelid of both eye . jackie there 's a motorcycle burn in the middle of a field . I think there 's somebody under it . walsh jump to he foot with exaggerated athletic vigor . walsh yeah ? lemme have a look . Jackie hand walsh she binocular and point he in the right general direction . jackie see that column of smoke ? just follow it down to its source . we look through the binocular with he as he do so . sure enough , there be a bike burn in a field with someone trap beneath it . walsh wow . lookit that ! he turn and begin to sprint for the stairway at the end of the terrace . jackie where be you go ? walsh gonna tell the boy downstairs . it 's right up they alley . jackie oh. ( call after the disappear walsh ) careful with my binocular ! they be very expensive ! int . clinic boardroom -- day the three partner who own and operate the keloid Clinic be hold a informal meeting in the posh boardroom of the clinic , with cigar ( cypher ) , cigarettes , coffee , and full ashtray much in evidence . involve be Dr. Daniel keloid , a youthful forty - five , low - key but forceful , founder of the keloid Clinic and extremely successful society plastic surgeon ; keloid 's wife , roxanne , who be herself a md and who be once a student of keloid 's ; and Murray cypher , the clinic 's accountant . cypher be forty - eight , dapper , generally enthusiastic , and believe passionately in creative accounting . it have apparently be a long and tiring session . cypher in particular show sign of strain . his end of the table be litter with page of scratch pad cover with hastily scrawle note and figure . cypher as far as I be concerned this guy be completely legit . the bank be just as convinced as I be . they tell I they be willing to go all the way with we . I be tell you , Danny -- a franchise operation for plastic surgery resort be one of that magnificent , inevitable idea . keloid bank be always quick to say that when everything 's roll easy . but you can take it from I -- first sign of heat from the medical association , first cry of professional outrage , and the bank will call back its note and leave we hang by we thumb . roxanne it 's not the financing that 's bother you , Dan . you voice have that edge to it . keloid I have never deny it . I sure as hell do not want to become the Colonel Sanders of plastic surgery . cypher why not ? sound great to I . keloid I will tell you why not . because it 's unprofessional , unmedical , and unsavory . cypher you think of it . keloid I be only kid . cypher you be not . besides , you want I to go back and tell three of the large investment group in North America , ' forget it . he be only kid ?! keloid ( in only partially mock despair ) oh , God . it 's all get out of hand . I can see it now : fifty enfranchise keloid 's cosmetic surgery clinics flung across the face of North America like holiday inn . next thing you know , do- it - yourself facelift kit . cypher I like it . we could call it ... we could call it suture self . ( start to scribble madly ) no , I be serious . I like that . there 's get to be a way . roxanne all right , boy . I think we be get a bit silly ... the office intercom on the table chime and the voice of Steve , a orderly , fill the room . steve ( v.o. ) be Dr. keloid there ? it 's urgent . keloid yeah , what be it , Steve ? steve ( v.o. ) there 's be a motorcycle accident a few minute down the highway here . look like a couple of people have be hurt . should I take the van and go get them ? keloid yeah , sure . ( short pause ) hey , wait a minute . Steve ? you still there ? steve ( v.o. ) yeah . keloid hang on till I get there , ok ? I be come with you . meet you at the garage . steve ( v.o. ) Roger . the intercom chime off as keloid stand up to leave . cypher throw he pen on the table . roxanne ( exasperate ) oh , now , Dan . we have get a lot of decision to make ... keloid ( leave ) you and Murray work it out , hon . just make the pill easy for I to swallow , ok ? he close the door behind he , leave cypher and roxanne to they own device . cypher well , what do you think about facelift kit , roxy ? I mean , they have get abortion kit . roxanne ( frustrated ) let 's just forget that anybody ever mention the idea , ok , Murray ? cypher shrug . it still sound great to he . ext . clinic driveway -- day in the middle of a landscape triangle of lawn stand a large light - box - style sign which read keloid clinic of cosmetic surgery . along one side of the triangle run a crush - gravel driveway at the end of which be a long , low garage just behind the main building , which look as though it might once have be a small stable . one of the three door of the garage slide up and a van peel rubber out of the garage , slide a bit once it hit the gravel . the van be set up inside and out exactly like a standard big-city ambulance , but without any ambulance marking . instead , sedate white lettering on the door read keloid clinic , lot . ext . field -- day read lie crumpled at the base of the tree . the end of he right collarbone be stick out at a bizarre angle and he right shoulder be hang too low . read have regain enough consciousness to feebly undo he helmet with he leave hand . Beyond he , cloud of oily black smoke curl skyward from the fall norton . read can hardly focus he eye on the figure run toward they from the camper at the edge of the field . he slip dreamily into unconsciousness . int . van -- day the clinic van turn off a secondary road on to the two -lane highway and accelerate furiously , toss its occupant around as it momentarily slew sideways . in the back of the van be Steve , who be busily prepare stretcher and oxygen , and Dr. keloid . keloid prepare several hypodermic syringe while expertly brace himself against the motion of the van . Steve finish attach a hose to a small cylinder of oxygen and turn the release valve to test the oxygen flow through the nose- piece . steve well , we have get oxygen now , Dr. keloid . keloid watch the thin column of black smoke loom larger through the windshield of the van . he reach for a small fire extinguisher affix to the frame of the van and begin to undo the clamp hold it there . keloid I think we be go to have to use this before we get close enough for the oxygen , Steve . ext . field -- day Rose have stop move under the flame machine . the man from the camper , run and stumbling over the uneven ground , finally arrive , follow by he older son ( who be about thirteen ) . the man try vainly to smother the flame with he young son 's blanket , but the heat be too intense for he to get really close . the man be almost in tear with horror and frustration . his son just stare wide - eye . ext . edge of field -- day the clinic van bounce to a halt by the edge of the field and the driver , the most junior of the clinic 's four orderly , jump out and run around to the back of the van . the back door swing open and keloid jump out with the fire extinguisher in one hand and a small leather bag in the other . he head for the flame as the wife and she kid watch from the front seat of the camper . the wife stick she head out of the window and point at the flame . wife ( to keloid ) they be over there , Doctor ! they be speed ! keloid be soon follow by the two orderly carry a large wheeled stretcher , which they have haul from the back of the van . ext . field -- day the man who be drive the camper be still make sporadic attempt to beat out the flame with the blanket when keloid arrive and open up the valve of the fire extinguisher . the white powdery foam cover everything in a few second , kill the flame easily . man ( to keloid ) I try to put it out . I could not get near it . keloid kneel beside Rose . he take a pair of scissors from he bag and cut the helmet strap under she chin . he slip the helmet off she head with great care . her long blonde hair fall into a pool around she face , which seem remarkably at peace and untouched : only a rectangle of black soot where she helmet 's visor melt away and admit smoke give any indication of what she 's go through . when the orderly arrive , the man point out read for they . man there 's another one over there . I see he movin ' around a minute ago . keloid ( to orderly ) might as well go get he . we will not be ready to move she for a few minute . the orderly trot off toward read with they stretcher . the man watch they leave , then turn back to look at Rose . he shake he head as keloid give she a injection . man Christ . I do not know it be a girl . be she dead ? keloid this be not embalm fluid I be shoot into she . see if you can lift the machine off she . use the blanket around you hand . it 's hot . the man wrap the blanket around he hand and begin to half - pull , half - slide the norton off Rose by the handlebar . the orderly go by on they way to the van with read unconscious on the stretcher . as the bike slide away to reveal Rose 's abdomen , the man recoil in horror . man my God . ext . country road -- day the clinic van speed along the road toward the clinic . int . van -- day Rose be on the stretcher with intravenous tube in she arm , bottle hang over she head , a oxygen mask over she mouth and nose , and several layer of blood - soak bandage and surgical gauze over she abdomen . the senior orderly monitor the oxygen flow , the iv level , and Rose 's pulse , while keloid speak to someone at the clinic over the van 's cb radio , which have a telephone - style speaker / receiver . read sit jamme into a small seat behind the driver , he head back against the van wall , completely daze . he be conscious enough to wince in pain with every bump the van hit , but he obviously do not know where he be or why he 's there . keloid roxanne ? yeah , listen . we be go to have to throw in everything we have get . I know , but let I tell you what we be look at . the gas tank explode over the girl 's abdomen and I do not know what she 's get leave in there . the man 's get a break hand , separate shoulder , concussion , the usual . we can send he to the General . but it 's definitely major surgery for she , and right now . I know we be not , but we have get no choice . I would say she 's get a half hour to live and it 's three hour to the nearest serious hospital . it 's we or nobody . yeah . I hope I can remember too . well , they say it 's like riding a bicycle . ext . clinic driveway -- day the van stop in front of the clinic and the orderly jump out . keloid hold the bottle and the oxygen as the orderly unload the stretcher and roll it up the front walk of the clinic , which be a spectacularly renovate old farmhouse -- all sandblasted auburn brick , pine , and cedar planking , white paint and vista vision window . a group compose of patient and staff cluster around the main door of the clinic to watch as the stretcher approach . nobody seem to notice read , who have be leave sit in the van . int . clinic entrance -- day Lloyd walsh hold open one of the main glass door while a nurse open the other one . the secretary -- receptionist abandon she phone and she sleek plastic desk / filing cabinet module to work she way through the group at the door in order to take a look . walsh make room for the secretary -- Sheila -- beside he . Rose be wheeled through the door . her condition be so obviously serious and so different from the usual ' touch - up ' job do at the keloid Clinic , which have a carefully calculate country resort atmosphere about it , that everyone become completely silent as she enter . keloid ( to nurse at door ) get the guy in the van into observation and check he out . but take it easy -- concussion , separate shoulder , break hand . ok , Louise ? maybe some demerol when he become lucid . louise ok , Dr. keloid . Louise leave the door once the stretcher have go by and head out to the van . walsh let go of he door and jog after she . Jackie , still wear sunglass , shake she head as she watch the stretcher go off down the hall and turn to the middle - age lady stand next to she . jackie what a waste . she do not even need a nose job . int . clinic hallway -- day the orderly wheel the stretcher down a hallway which be patently never mean to be use as a hospital corridor : Rose be get a very rough ride . as they move along they pass various patient who react with shock and horror when they see Rose . the keloid Clinic be usually more discreet about blood than a normal hospital . man ( as Rose pass ) Jesus wept ! what 's that all about ? woman somebody say something about a accident . man ( repulse ) could not they throw a sheet over it or something ? I be start to feel like I be in a hospital . the fastidious man and he companion go through some door which , accord to a elegantly lettere sign on a wall lead to a squash court . the orderly stop in front of another set of door . keloid hand one of they the bottle he have be hold as a second nurse , rita , come out to meet they . rita be a very solid , square - body , fortyish lady . keloid ok , boy . take she into pre -op and tell Dr. Karl to set she up for the work . int . surgical wash - up -- day keloid and roxanne wash with disinfectant in preparation for Rose 's operation , aid by a third orderly whom we have not see before . roxanne be short , dark , intense , and ambitious beyond she present practice . she do not wear she thirty - seven year particularly well , so the age difference between she and she husband seem more theoretical than anything else . she be very particular about be call by she maiden name and be know as Dr. rushton to all the clinic 's patient . at the moment , keloid and roxanne be have a very control , low - key argument which roxanne try to keep the orderly from hearing . roxanne I do not buy it , Dan . keloid you have not see she . roxanne I do not have to see she . neutral field graft have never be use internally . we could end up with a terminal cancer patient on we hand . keloid aw , c'mon . we can monitor , roxy . she 's get nothing to lose . literally . she do not have enough small intestine leave to absorb nutrient . if we just close she up she will have to be feed intravenously for the rest of she life , which will be a short and a dismal one . but if we graft neutral field tissue cone into the abdominal cavity , there 's a chance that they will read she condition by post - embryonic induction and develop into a new set of intestine . roxanne or run wild and make some very creative malignant tumor . Dan , the clinic do not need this . let 's play it safe . keloid do not respond . he finish snap on he surgical glove and turn to the scrub-nurse , who help he on with he sterilize operate tunic . int . observation room -- day read have regain full consciousness in the clinic 's observation room and be watch Louise cut away he well - wear leather motorcycle jacket with a pair of snub- nose surgical scissors . she cut she way up the right sleeve to the shoulder , then across the shoulder to the collar . she be then able to slip the jacket easily away from read 's right shoulder , which be still very obviously not where it should be . she now start in on he norton T-shirt , which be all he be wear underneath he jacket . read oh , no . not the T-shirt . Rose give I the T-shirt . louise I think you would find it pretty painful try to take if off the standard way . read make a attempt to slip he arm out of he T-shirt but immediately give up , grimace in pain . read no , look . I think I can ... ow ! oh ! you be right . cut the thing off . I will put it up on the wall of my garage . Louise continue snipping off the T-shirt . read so when do I get to see Rose ? louise not for a while . read why not ? Louise do not answer . read pull away from Louise and try to stand up . he can not keep he balance and fall back against the wall , bang he wreck shoulder . read I want to see she right now ! ow ! oh , God . I do not kill she , do I ? Louise reach for a syringe of demerol . louise she 's not dead . read what be that stuff ? I do not want you to put I out . louise it 's just demerol . it will ease the pain . all right ? read let Louise take he good arm . she swab he down and sink the needle in . read ( sarcastically ) sure. wonderful . anything to ease the pain . int . operating room -- day keloid and roxanne be well into they operation on Rose , assist by a team of five which include Dr. William Karl , the clinic 's anesthetist . keloid and roxanne be in the process of cut large square of skin from Rose 's thigh . keloid now , I know everyone here be familiar with the standard technique of skin graft , but what we be go to do be a little out of the ordinary . I will explain it as we go . we be remove full - thickness skin graft material from the patient 's thigh as per normal graft acquisition procedure . however , before this graft be apply to the damage area of the patient 's breast , abdomen , and so on , they will be treat so that they become morphogenetically neutral . they be then call neutral field graft . karl can we treat the graft material here , Dr. keloid ? keloid no , Dr. Karl . the graft tissue will be freeze and send to the sperl Institute . we will have to keep the patient in a operation - ready state until it come back to we . that 's go to be a bit try for all of we , but it can not be help . as keloid speak , the section of thigh skin be place in spun aluminum cylinder of the same general type as that use in eye bank . the cylinder be then seal and place in a medical freezer . rita I do not understand the functional difference between neutral field and normal graft tissue , Doctor . keloid well , when the thigh skin tissue be treat , nurse benedetto , it will lose its specificity as both thigh tissue and skin tissue . for example , if it be graft to a burn cheek , it would not just be thigh skin with the color and texture of thigh skin -- it would actually develop as facial tissue . in other word , neutral field tissue have the same ability to form any part of the human body that the tissue of a human embryo have . karl Doctor , this patient have lose most of she absorptive intestinal mucosa . could neutral field tissue reconstruct a organ as complex as the small intestine . keloid yes , Dr. Karl . I think that under the right circumstance it could . I have do it myself use lab animal at the sperl Institute . keloid and roxanne exchange glance , then keloid look away . keloid let I add that there be always a possibility that carcinomas will form when neutral field graft be use internally . in this case , we be use a radical plastic -surgery technique to compensate for we lack of heavy medical hardware . we be do it to save a life . it 's the only trick we have get . ext . keloid clinic -- day Wide shot of exterior front of the keloid Clinic in late autumn . slow dissolve to : ext . keloid clinic -- one month later -- day same shot as previous scene , one month later . snow be on the ground and the tree be bare . slow dissolve to : int . rose's room at the keloid clinic -- day read stand over Rose 's bed , which be a very well - disguise hospital bed ( everything possible be do to keep the clinic from feel like a hospital ) . read 's leave hand be encase in a wire cage which support all he finger . he be watch Rose intently , who be still in a coma and be attach to a battery of intravenous bottle connect to she by clear vinyl tube and iv needle . read be particularly fascinate by Rose 's eye , which he can see move around wildly behind she eyelid . he bend close , then kiss she gently on she pale , dry lip . int . clinic hallway -- day nurse Louise walk briskly down a hall toward Rose 's room . on she way she pass Judy glasberg clutching a pocket edition of the life and work of sigmund Freud and strolling thoughtfully in the opposite direction . louise hi , Judy glasberg . you back again ? judy daddy do not think the new nose be different enough , so I be in for more alteration . I keep tell he it look just like he , and he keep say , ' that 's why I want you to change it . ' I be terrify to find out what it all mean . they both laugh . the two woman part and go they separate way . we follow Louise as she open the door to Rose 's room , which bear a print sign say : intensive care , qualified personnel only . int . rose's room -- day Louise enter the room in time to surprise read in the act of pull back the sheet cover Rose . louise do not you see the sign on the door , Mr read ? you be suppose to register with I before you come in here . read I see it . I guess I consider myself qualified . Louise edge read away from the bed and cover Rose up again . her entire body be heavily bandage , and almost every inch of expose skin have a iv needle tape to it . Louise begin to moisten Rose 's eyelid and lip with various gel . louise what be you try to do , give she pneumonia ? read I be try to ease my guilt feeling by tell myself that Rose be get better . louise ( soften ) I see . be it work ? read be she get better ? louise you have be here often enough in the past two month to know as much as I do . read when do I get to see Dr. keloid ? louise you never tell I in advance when you be come . how can I make a appointment for you ? read I never know in advance when the next wave of guilt will hit I . I want to see he right now . louise he 's in a meeting . read tell he I force you . louise ( leave the room ) all right . but please ... no touch until she 's conscious . read ok , Mom . Louise make a face and leave . int . keloid be office -- day read sit across from keloid 's desk in keloid 's office , which seem more like a successful pr executive 's office than a doctor 's . while they talk , keloid toy with Rose 's file , not really ever look at it : he be obviously very familiar with its content , and also in a very distract frame of mind . keloid well , as you have see , Rose be still in some kind of coma , sort of half real coma , half normal deep sleep . could be week before she 's lucid . read you do not know for sure ? keloid no . her body be still in a state of total shock . she can not possibly be move to a city hospital yet . her graft seem to be heal well . we have be monitoring the internal graft electronically and there be definitely new tissue growth happen in the abdominal cavity . whether this growth will mature into function intestinal mucosa we will not know for quite a while . read you mean if you graft or whatever they be do not work , she will never eat like a normal human be again . she will have to be feed intravenously . keloid that 's right . at the moment , she have only enough small intestine to digest the most basic nutrient material . see -- the longer the small intestine , the more complex the food that can be break down and absorb by the body as food . cow have lot and lot of intestine so they can eat grass and other vegetable matter . we have medium - length intestine , so we can eat meat and a limited variety of vegetable matter . vampire bat -- the real one , I mean -- have short intestine , so they eat whole blood , which be very easy to break down and assimilate . you girlfriend 's in the same boat . read what about she brain ? keloid her helmet probably save she from brain damage , but until she 's fully conscious ... read you will not know that either . keloid ( throw up he hand ) hart , what can I tell you ? there 's no magic . look , I have do my best . you be welcome to come here and keep you vigil by Rose 's bedside any time the mood take you , but please believe I , I will personally telephone you the instant Rose show even the slight sign of regain consciousness . read sigh , then shrug with he good shoulder . ext . clinic driveway -- day Lloyd walsh and read stand in the driveway watch as two orderly load the burn and smashed hulk of read 's norton into the back of Murray cypher 's Ford station wagon . walsh jeez , when I see that thing burn , I never figure I would be stand here talk to you a month later . how 's you hand ? read they be take the cage off this afternoon . that 's when I will find out . the pin stay in my shoulder for another month , though . do not seem to bother I except when it get damp . cypher come hurriedly out of the front door , put on a suit jacket and stuff papers into he attach ® case at the same time . he walk over to read and walsh and open the door of he car . cypher ( to walsh ) hi , Lloyd . how ya doin ' ? walsh great . cypher get into he car , slam the door , and pop the passenger door open for read . cypher c'mon , hart . I get a pack of hungry investor wait for I . read get into the station wagon as the orderly slam the rear door shut on the norton . walsh wave goodbye to read , who smile weakly . cypher I hope you have get some friend who will help you unload that pile of junk . I have get a bad back . what be you go to do with it ? use it for a ashtray ? he turn the ignition key and start the station wagon . read give it to a friend for part . I can hardly stand to look at it . think I will get back into go -kart . cypher laugh , wave to walsh , and pull away from the driveway . walsh smile at they and turn back to the clinic , patting himself absently under the chin as he go . ext . clinic -- day Wide -angle shot of the front of the clinic as walsh go back inside . slow dissolve to : ext . clinic -- night same shot as previous scene , but late at night . there be only one or two light on inside . int . clinic hall / night nurse's station -- night the night nurse check she watch at she station , which be little more than a desk , chair , and lamp place at the end of a hall . it 's time for she to make she round . she put down she magazine -- people -- and walk down the hall . at the end of it , she disappear down a stairwell . int . another hall -- night the night nurse walk past Rose 's room , pause only for a moment to glance in at Rose 's sleep form . she then continue on down the hall . int . another hall -- night the night nurse walk past Lloyd walsh 's door . there be a please do not disturb sign hang from he doorknob . the nurse notice that walsh 's light be on and diffuse out through the crack under the door , but she continue on down the hall . int . walsh' room -- night walsh be lie in bed read the life and work of sigmund Freud , which he have borrow from Judy glasberg . his room , like all the private room at the clinic , be furnish in the style of the plushest , most modern jet - set ski lodge . it 's easy to understand why patient extend they stay beyond what be medically necessary , and just as obvious that the keloid Clinic management make no attempt to discourage this " home away from home ' attitude toward the place . walsh can not get comfortable with the book , which he have just start to read . he check he watch . it 's 1.13 a.m . he 's a little nervous about he operation tomorrow morning . he put down he book , get out of bed , put on he bathrobe , slip into he slipper , and leave he room to go for a stroll through the desert clinic . int . clinic hallway -- night hand in pocket , walsh stroll through the clinic , past the lounge , the ping - pong table , the breakfast nook . int . another hallway -- night walsh round a corner that lead he past Rose 's door , which still bear its intensive care sign . as he pass by she door , he hear a muffle scream follow by a series of moan and indistinct , angry shout . walsh open she door without hesitation . int . rose's room -- night by the light of the full moon and the hallway , walsh can see Rose thrashing around violently in she bed , get twisted up in she sheet and rip out she iv needle . as he watch , one of she iv bottle , pull off its stand by its feed tube , fall to the floor and smashes to piece , spilling blood plasma everywhere . walsh now see that the floor be litter with shred bit and piece of surgical gauze and bandage , which Rose have tear from she various wound and graft . the plasma begin to soak into the debris surround the bed . her torso be still cover only by bandage , make she look like a mummy jerk to life in the half - light of she tomb . walsh rush over to the bed and quickly lower the safety railing . he then try to hold Rose down by the shoulder to keep she from pull out the last of she iv tube . when he grab she by the wrist , he notice that she be ooze blood from where the iv needle have be pull out . walsh rosie , rosie , sweetie , take it easy ! you need that juice , sweetie . it 's keep you alive . hey , easy , there . easy . that 's it . that 's a girl . under the pressure of walsh 's body , Rose begin to calm down . her eye , which have be open but stare and unsee , now begin to fill with consciousness . rose hart ? what be you ... what be you do , hart ? be we all right ? be we ... walsh I be not hart , rosie . hart 's back in montreal wait for you . I be Lloyd . I be a friend of yours . rose hart ? walsh back in montreal . wait for you . he 's fine . he 's ok . I be just talk to he this afternoon . rose oh. I ... I guess I be dream . walsh let go of Rose 's wrist . walsh I do not think you be just dream . you and hart be in a really spectacular motorcycle crash . rose a crash ? be there fire ? be there ... blood ? walsh yeah . plenty of both . you be bleed right now . ( get up ) I would better get Dr. keloid . Rose grab walsh by the arm and pull he back down on the bed . rose no ! not yet . I be all right . but I be freezing cold , and you be so warm . hold I . walsh look , I think I would better ... rose please hold I . I be die of the cold . Rose put she arm around walsh , who hesitates for a moment , then put he arm around she and hug she for a moment . rose oh , God , that feel so good . behind walsh 's back , Rose pull the last remain iv needle out of she leave wrist . walsh ( a bit nervous ) ah , look ... you do not even know where you be , do you ? Rose pull walsh 's face down to hers , then slip she arm under he and lock she hand behind he back . rose sure I do . I be here with you . walsh look , this be really weird . be you sure you know what you be ... ow ! feeling a sudden sharp pain , walsh try to pull away . Rose will not let he get up . walsh hey , I think I ... I think I cut myself or something . you get something sharp in there with you ? ow ! oh , that hurt ! he make a huge effort to lift himself off the bed , but Rose hang on to he and come up with he . blood be soaking through walsh 's bathrobe around the right armpit , like dark red sweat . he be moan and sobbing as he strain to get away . finally , walsh collapse on top of Rose , quivering and whimper . Rose sigh deeply and begin to stroke he head affectionately . int . miss owen be room at the clinic -- early morning miss beatrice Owen , a tough -look maiden lady in she fifty , sit on the edge of she bed pull on a pair of white glove . she be wear a immaculate morning outfit which look vaguely ' 40s and probably be . one of she hand have be twisted by arthritis and put up quite a struggle before allow itself to be encase in its glove . she then begin to use she tooth to pull on the other glove . the second glove be only half - way on when miss Owen hear a desperate scratch and bump at she door . she stop what she 's do . miss owen yes ? ( pause ) who be it ? after a pause come more scratch , follow by the sound of a hand feebly slapping on the door . with she second glove still only half on , miss Owen get up , go to the door , and open it . the instant the door be open , a ghastly pale Lloyd walsh slump heavily across miss Owen 's shoulder . the force drive she back several step and she scream with fear . miss owen oh , God save we ! walsh I be sick . I be sick . help I . when she realize she 's not be attack , miss Owen step back from walsh , but , unsupported , he start to fall to the floor . miss Owen slip she hand up under he arm and guide he unsteadily to the bed . miss owen Mr walsh ! what on earth have happen to you ? miss Owen sit walsh on the bed , where he crumple into a awkward lie position . when she withdraw she hand from under he arm , miss Owen find that she right glove be soaking through with very watery blood . walsh I do not know . I can not remember a thing . int . examination room -- morning keloid and Louise examine walsh , who lie half - naked on he leave side , he right arm stretch out over he head to expose a deep , round , and still - bleed puncture in he right armpit . like everything else at the clinic , the examination room have be design and furnish with luxury and style in mind as much as pure function . even the cantilever examination light which keloid be play on walsh 's wound be color - coordinate with the drape , the chair , the coat-rack , and the enamel finish of the examination table itself . keloid be you sleepwalk ? could you have fall against something outside and then come back in without waking up ? walsh ( voice still shaky ) I doubt it . never do anything like that before . keloid ( to Louise ) get I some stuff , maybe a sponge or two as well . this wound be not clotting at all . I think we be go to have to shoot in some coagulant to get a scab to form . louise right away . she leave , close the door behind she . keloid take a closer look at the wound through a large , illuminate magnify glass . keloid from what I can see , it 's a very very clean and precise wound . you have not lean on any picket fence , have you ? kind with that little spearhead ? walsh ( unable to respond to keloid 's attempt at humor ) no . keloid grunt , take out a tongue depressor , and begin to probe walsh 's wound with it . keloid do this hurt ? walsh can not feel a thing . keloid ( surprised ) you can not ? walsh my whole right side have no feel in it . just this aching kind of tingling . keloid hm . Louise come in carry wad of surgical gauze , sponge , etc . she put they down and take keloid aside . louise Dr keloid ? Kenny Kwong would like to see you . keloid right now ? louise he say it 's very important . he 's wait in the hall . keloid ( confidentially ) ok . listen ... we friend here may have have a stroke . I think the General 's the best place for he . but before you plug he up I want 10 cc of blood draw directly from that wound for test . then get Steve to drive he into the city in the ambulance . tell he to take lot of plasma with he . we be go to have to forget about the coagulant until the General have a chance to do a ecg on he . louise will do , Doctor . keloid leave . int . hallway -- day keloid step out into the hall and join Kenny Kwong , the clinic 's senior orderly , a concerned - look , gray chinese man of about fifty - five . kwong can you come with I , please , Dr. keloid ? keloid sure , Kenny . what 's up ? they begin to walk briskly down the hall , Kenny lead . kwong you tell I to check around the grounds to see if I could find out how Mr. walsh get hurt ? keloid nod . kwong I could not find nothing outside . no blood , nothing . then nurse rita call I . she find something . she tell I go get Dr. keloid . you see it , then you tell we what happen . they round the corner take they into the hallway that go past Rose 's room . Kenny walk up to Rose 's door and knock sharply . kwong nurse rita wait for you in here . after a short pause , rita open the door and usher they inside , close the door behind they . int . rose's room -- day once inside the door , keloid be shocked at the state of Rose 's room . it be basically as we last see it , except that rita have reattach Rose , who seem to be in a coma once again , to she iv bottle . the area of the wall next to the doorhandle side of the door be smear with bloody handprint -- walsh apparently use the doorknob to pull himself to he foot , then support himself by hold on to the wall and door mould . rita lead keloid over to the bed , while Kwong hang back to watch that nobody enter inadvertently . rita watch you foot , Doctor . the police will probably want every little piece of glass and strip of gauze exactly the way we find it . keloid find a place to stand next to the bed , check Rose 's eye , then she pulse . keloid why do you think the police would be interested in this , rita ? rita why , it 's perfectly obvious that that walsh fellow attempt to molest the poor girl while she be still in a coma . I have see thing like that happen before . maybe he be drunk . keloid ( draw back the sheet ) hm . her graft have take amazing well . probably will not even have to rebandage . hm . I can not even see any scar tissue . he lift Rose 's leave arm and press around she armpit . keloid wow . I will have to have a closer look at that . rita rejection problem ? keloid lower she arm and cover she with the sheet again . keloid ( stand up ) do not think so . seem to be a extreme swell of the lymph node under the arm . could just be a local infection that 's under attack , but it 's quite a bump . and there 's some kind of lesion there . do not see to be gangrenous , but ... he walk thoughtfully toward the door . Kwong stand wait . kwong want I to clean up the mess now , Doctor ? keloid ( snap out of he train of think ) what ? oh , yes . but save all the piece and scrape some of the dry blood on to a slide . maybe we will find something out . rita but Dr. keloid ... Mr. walsh , he may well be ... keloid ( turn to rita ) rita , Lloyd walsh would not do something like that . he just would not . and none of this explain how he get he wound . I think a quiet , thorough , and very private investigation be in order . do not you ? rita lower she eye . ext . clinic driveway -- night Wide - angle shot of the clinic in the dead of night . the moon be full . int . rose's room -- night in the darkness of she room , Rose 's eye be open and stare . she begin to pull the iv needle out of she wrist and ankle . int . whirlpool room -- night in the whirlpool room , which contain three full - size whirlpool bath , a bar , and a lounge , Judy glasberg be take a midnight whirlpool bath to calm herself down . the room be desert except for Judy , but she seem to have no trouble adjust the control of the bath to get it just right . as Judy play with the temperature control , the door behind she open and someone enter , close the door behind she . Judy look up , startle . Rose stand at the door in she fresh clinic gown . for some reason , Judy suddenly feel vulnerable in she skimpy bikini . judy Rose ? be that you ? I think everyone be asleep . they tell I you be still in a coma . rose ( approach the edge of the bath ) oh , no . I be do much better now , thank you . she seem to be completely normal , and as childlike as ever save for the hollow under she eye . Judy position she body so that she nakedness be hide by the swirl bubbles of the whirlpool . judy it ... it 's really weird to meet you this way . I mean , I have never really talk to you before . but I sort of feel I know you , you have be around here for so long . and I see they bring you in right after the accident . rose do you mind if I get in with you ? I have be lie in bed for such a long time , my body aches all over . judy ah , well , I ... do anybody know you be here ? I mean , do Dr. keloid know you ... you have regain consciousness ? Rose climb into the bath with Judy , gown and all . rose I do not think so . everybody seem to be asleep . it be a bit spooky waking up and find myself all alone . I be so glad I run into you . ( with surprise ) hey , know what ? I think I can feel the warmth of you body radiating out to I through the water . I have never feel anything like that before . Judy start to grope for she towel by the side of the pool . judy I think I would better get out now . I be get all wrinkly . Rose float over to Judy and take she by the arm , interfere with Judy 's attempt to get she towel . rose oh , no . not yet . you have not even tell I you name . judy Judy glasberg . Nice to meet you . Rose slip she arm up under Judy 's arm and hug she tightly . rose mm . it 's nice to meet you too . Judy try to gently disengage herself from Rose 's embrace . judy oh , now , c'mon . you be embarrassing I . let I put some clothes on and we will have a few drink or something , ok ? when she realize that Rose be not go to let she go , Judy start to struggle more seriously . judy let I go , please ! I want to get dress . listen , to tell you the truth , I think there 's still something wrong with you . I think you ought to let ... ow ! oh ! something 's cut I ! oh ! it hurt ! she start to thrash about madly in the water , still lock in Rose 's embrace . they dip under the water , then come up again , Judy gasp for air . Rose let she move wherever she want , but keep she arm lock about Judy , she hand now digging into Judy 's shoulder from behind . in tight close - up we see something join the two body under the arm , from Rose 's leave to Judy 's right . even closer , we see something fleshy slip in and out of some kind of sheath , barb cut through flesh , blood beginning to draw along a fleshy translucent tube . from small gland at the base of the tube , dark green fluid , almost black , begin to flow into the blood draw up the tube . the mixture of blood and green fluid pump back and forth in the tube . Judy be now moan in spasm , she head arched back as far away from Rose as possible , she hair float in the water behind she and form spiral in the whirlpool . Rose hold on to Judy for dear life , she eye close in ecstasy , she cheek unnaturally flushed . she do not notice that Judy 's head be beginning to slip beneath the surface of the water . Judy 's body be wrack by one final spasm , then she relax completely , she head go under completely . the last bubbles of air from she lung mix with the bubbles spew out by the whirlpool oxygenator . after a few moment , Rose release Judy . we see a close - up of the translucent fleshy tube , now empty of blood , slide back into its sheath . it be only after she have back away and take several soul - deep breath that Rose notice Judy 's face be two inch below the surface of the water , the tip of she nose almost break through to the air but not quite . Rose frantically grab Judy by the hair and pull she out of the water . Judy be not breathe . Rose manage to drag Judy to the edge of the pool , clamber out on to the side , then pull Judy out on to the pool siding with she , Judy trail a thin trickle of blood in the water behind she . Rose hold Judy 's mouth open and try to revive she use mouth - to- mouth resuscitation , but it 's no good . Judy be dead . Rose shake she head and start to cry . rose oh , no ! no ! Rose shake Judy 's corpse hysterically , then collapse across it , sobbing . after a moment , she get up , visibly fight for control . she set she jaw and begin to drag Judy 's body out of the whirlpool room . int . read' garage in montreal -- night in the ramshackle garage behind the small house he have rent in montreal , hart read have finally get around to try to put he demolish norton back together again . the engine have be remove from its frame and sit before he on a metal - top work table , and read be in the process of completely dismantle it . small cardboard carton of various size sit on the table , wait to receive individual piece of the engine . the radio hang above the table be tune to a fm rock station which be on full blast , even though it be about 1 a.m . int . read' kitchen -- night in read 's kitchen , the telephone be ringing , but read have no chance of hearing it . next to the phone , pin to a cork message board with color plastic draft pin , be several photo of read and Rose enjoy happier time . int . clinic lounge -- night Rose listen to the phone ring at read 's from the telephone in the desert main lounge . her hair be wet and matte and she be shiver uncontrollably . she let it ring , huddle in she chair . int . observation ward at general -- night Lloyd walsh be in the process of pull on he pants in the observation ward of the General , which he share with a thirtyish traffic-accident victim . walsh 's lufthansa flight bag be already pack and ready to go , sit on he bed in the shadow of a iv blood plasma bottle . victim hey , you can not leave yet , Lloyd . they have not figure out how come you be bleed all over the place . walsh aw , it 's slowed down to a trickle . no problem . victim how 's you arm ? walsh it 's fine . he pick up he bag and open the door without hesitation . victim if the night nurse come around , I will tell she you be in the can , how 's that ? walsh terrific . take care of yourself . he leave , close the door behind he . int . corridor at general -- night walsh walk briskly down a corridor which lead to the main entrance of the montreal General Hospital , flight bag in hand . nobody stop he . ext . general entrance -- night walsh leave the General and walk around the circular driveway to the street , where he be just in time to pick up a cab be pay off by a night orderly arrive for work . walsh get in the cab and it pull away from the curb . int . cab -- night walsh lean he head back against the back seat as the cab pull away . he roll he head from side to side , as though try to shake off a headache . ext . montreal street -- night the cab move through the street of montreal and enter a ramp lead eventually to the decarie Expressway . the cab accelerate to the speed limit . int . cab -- night the nasal , wail voice of a popular singer blare from all four speaker in the cab . walsh be now sit quite still in the back seat , head rest against the seat back . cab driver hey , mister , you wanna sleep ? I can turn the radio off . it 's a long way to camelford . walsh do not answer . the driver look in he rear-view mirror . walsh be slump in the shadow of the back - seat area . cab driver hey , mister . you want I to turn the radio off ? or maybe if you want I can turn off the back speaker and just leave on the front one ... he turn around in he seat to look at walsh . his word die on he lip . walsh be stare at he with eye that have completely cloud over so that the white of he eye be indistinguishable from the irise and pupil . Dark green foam be drool from the corner of walsh 's mouth . the cab driver do not have a chance to react any further before walsh attack he viciously , grab he by the shoulder and bite the cab driver on the cheek . ext . expressway -- night the cab carry walsh veer crazily across three lane of the nearly desert expressway . int . cab -- night the cab driver try madly to pull himself around in he seat so that he can see where he 's go , scream in pain all the while . with one tremendous jerk he frees he face from walsh 's lock jaw . ext . expressway -- night the cab finally slew completely out of control , smashes into the low concrete railing lining the expressway , cartwheel over the railing , and fall on to the expressway ramp some twenty foot below , where it be ram by a immense diesel truck deliver furniture to a sub-urban warehouse . the cab be push fifty yard along the rampway , shed piece of bodywork and glass all the way , before the truck manage to stop . int . the keloid ' bedroom at the clinic -- night the telephone on the night table beside the keloid ' double bed start to ring . Dan keloid roll over , fumble for the receiver , and finally get it off the hook and up to he ear . roxanne stir beside he in bed . keloid yeah . yeah . no . no , you be kid . Dead ? yeah . no , I would have absolutely no objection to a autopsy . it 's definitely indicate . no , I have get nothing to add to my telephone report . we never come up with anything else . yeah . right. ok . " bye . he hang up the phone in a state of drowsy excitement . roxanne roll over and put she arm around he . keloid pick up he wrist - watch to check the time . it 's 3.07 a. marry roxanne what be it , Dan ? keloid Lloyd walsh be dead . roxanne start to snap out of she sleep . roxanne he 's what ? keloid he leave the General about a hour ago . told another patient he feel all right . he take a cab and the cab crash on a highway . both occupant dead . roxanne oh , god. poor Lloyd . but you say something about a autopsy ? be the cab driver drink ? keloid no , it 's walsh . they be not happy with he corpse . ( baffle ) something about the eye ... I be go to have to go over walsh 's file again . it just do not add up . ext . country road -- night ( approx . 4 a.m . ) by the light of a full moon , Rose walk purposefully down a dirt country road , a borrow windbreaker pull tightly around she over she clinic gown and hospital slipper start to come apart on she foot . she be determine to get as far away from the clinic as she can by morning light . dissolve to : ext . country road -- night ( approx . 4 a.m . ) Rose find herself walk beside a moonlit field with a ramshackle barn at one end . she pause beside the barn for a moment , then slip under the fence surround the field and make she way gingerly across the muddy barnyard toward the door of the barn . the house nearest the barn be dark . Rose gently edge open the door of the barn . int . barn -- night once inside the barn , Rose feel around for a light switch . she find it without much trouble and flick it on . the barn be low and full of cobweb , and house only two solemn cow and a scraggly chicken . Rose head for the nest of straw that the two cow have make , and gradually snuggle she way in between they . she start to stroke the side of one of the cow , get the animal accustom to she touch , at the same time carefully slip out of she windbreaker . she then raise she leave arm and press she leave armpit flat against the cow 's side . after a pause , she give a short , sharp push with she leave side , as though she 's push something into the cow with she body . the cow respond by lift up its head and turn to look at she . satisfied that nothing too threaten be happen , it turn back and lower its head again . Rose stretch out over the cow in ecstasy . her eye be close . blood begin to flow in a rapid , one - way stream from the cow into Rose . she be breathe rapidly and heavily . suddenly , she pull away from the cow , give we a chance to see a flash of some kind of elongate , tube-like organ retract under she leave arm , drip blood from its tip . as Rose lurch to she foot , we can see a small , deep wound leak blood and green , bile - like fluid in the cow 's side where Rose 's armpit have be press . the cow stir in reaction to Rose 's violent movement . she stagger away from the cow , dizzy and nauseous . she manage to reach the stall , which she lean on for support , before she begin to vomit . suddenly , the door bang open and a drunken old farmer stumble into the barn , a whisky bottle in he hand . farmer all right , you ! hold it right there ! ( spot Rose ) oh. whatta we get here ? hello , sweet honey pie . what be ya drinkin ' ? you come in to get outta the cold ? he wave the bottle at Rose as he approach she , then put he arm around she so that the bottle rest on she chest . farmer I get something ya can take a drink off of , a n'it be not no whisky , neither . he laugh coarsely and kiss Rose on the neck . when she fail to resist he , he drop he nearly empty whisky bottle and start to nuzzle she collarbone . Rose wearily slip she hand up behind the farmer 's head and pull it down toward she leave armpit . farmer ( surprised ) hey , that 's real nice , honey pie . you like I , do not ya ? I kin tell ya do . the farmer be slobbering happily around Rose 's shoulder when she suddenly grab he head by the hair with both she hand and pull he viciously down on the cut point of she bloodsuck organ . the farmer scream in agony . Rose hold the farmer 's head down until he stop scream and start breathe heavily , spasmodically . then she let he go . the farmer straighten up . he be hold he hand over he right eye . Rose be terrify at what she 's do . with a horrify sob , she back away , then turn and run , stumbling , out the door , leave the farmer to stand sway in a semi - anesthetize stupor in the middle of the barn . int . read' kitchen -- night ( 5.14 a.m. ) read have fall asleep at he kitchen table while work on the engine of he norton . the partially dismantle engine sit on a section of newspaper on the kitchen table next to a half - empty cup of coffee and a open , grease - smear norton owner 's manual . he be awaken out of he deep sleep by the sound of the kitchen phone ringing . read jump up , still half asleep , almost knock over he chair in the process . it take he a second or two to realize that he be in fact at home . read grab for the phone , somehow terrify that the person on the other end will hang up before he answer . read hello ? ( suddenly very excited ) Rose ? be it really you ? how come you're ... I mean , the last time I saw you ... oh , god. Rose , be you all right ? int . clinic lounge -- night in the main lounge of the clinic , Rose kneel beside the table on which the lounge phone rest , cradling the receiver in she hand . she be cover with blood , she gown have be rip , and she be close to hysteria . her foot be cover with dirt and she 's track mud inside , mark she trail from the clinic 's back door clearly . rose hart ? oh , hart . ( sobbing ) no , no , I be not all right . I be in terrible trouble . I want you to help I . read ( v.o. ) what be you talk about ? rosie , calm down , I can hardly understand what you be say . rose hart , can you hear I ? read ( v.o. ) I can hear you , rosie . rose hart , you have get to come and get I . you have get to come and get I as fast as you can . she suddenly become aware of someone else 's presence in the lounge . she turn with a start . rita , who be act as night nurse , be stand right behind she , a shocked and unbely look on she face . int . read' kitchen -- night read Rose , do not panic . whatever 's wrong I will be able to help you , understand ? now , I can be at the clinic first thing in the morning , ok ? I will get a lift from somebody , I will take a cab if I have to . Rose ? you still there ? rose ( v.o. ) ( strangely subdued ) I be still here . read Rose , tell I what 's wrong . please . I be go crazy here . rose ( v.o. ) I can not talk now . see you soon . read be suddenly leave hold a receiver hum a dial tone . he wait only a second or two before he start to look frantically for the phone number of the keloid Clinic in the small book hang from a nail by the phone . read ( thumbing through the book ) Christ ! what be the number of that place ? int . keloid be office -- night ( 5.30 a.m. ) keloid be sit at he desk in he bath - robe and slipper , look into a microscope hold a dry slide of walsh 's blood . there be a knock at he door . keloid look up as rita enter , close the door behind she . keloid hi , rita . I could not sleep . I have be try to figure out what there could possibly be in walsh 's blood that would cause ... rita ( interrupt with quiet urgency ) Doctor , I think you would better come with I . int . cypher' live room in dorval -- night a groggy Murray cypher sit on a sofa in front of the tv set in he live room , try to get he four-month - old son to drink he 6 a.m. bottle . the image of the early morning show -- the sound have be turn off -- seem to attract the baby more than the bottle do . to cypher 's complete surprise , the telephone start to ring . yp. ip p cypher oh , no . I just do not believe it . ok , Jeffrey -- you be on you own for a second . cypher try to prop the kid up between two cushion , but he start to cry the instant cypher let go of he . cypher pick he up and take he over to the phone , which be on a shelf at the other end of the room . cypher no ? you want in on the action ? ok , let 's go . cypher pick up the phone . cypher ( annoyed ) what could you possibly want at this hour of the morning ? int . read' kitchen -- night read Murray , it 's hart read . I hate like hell have to bother you like this , but I be go out of my skull . it have to do with the clinic . cypher ( v.o. ) yeah , ok . I be up anyway with the baby . so what give ? read I get this phone call from the clinic . from Rose . cypher ( v.o. ) from who ? read from Rose . she 's suppose to be ina coma . keloid promise I he would tell I the second she show sign of consciousness and here I be get a call from she at five in the morning . int . cypher' live room -- night cypher be have trouble juggling the phone , the bottle , and he baby , who be gum the receiver and drool into the little hole at the speak end . cypher that be pretty weird . but maybe she come to in the middle of the night and do not know where she be . that thing can happen . Jeffrey , do not eat the phone . you will get indigestion . int . read' kitchen -- night read but she say she be in trouble , Murray . she want I to come and get she right now . cypher ( v.o. ) look , hart -- she 's confuse and she 's scared . do you phone the clinic back and try to talk to Danny ? read I do . I get to talk to a tape recorder . I leave a message . int . cypher' live room -- night cypher ok . I will phone Danny right now at he private number , and I will make sure that he know that you rosie be make phone call in the middle of the night . then I will pick you up at you place in a hour and we will go up to the clinic together . how 's that grab ya ? read ( v.o. ) great . phone I right back if there 's a problem . cypher absolutely . int . read' kitchen -- night read ok , Murray . thanks a hell of a lot . read hang up the phone . he take a close look at one of the picture of himself and Rose on the norton . int . rose's room at the clinic -- night Rose sit quietly on the edge of she bed , she foot dangle over the side not quite touch the floor . she keep she head down and do not look at keloid , who be confer with rita at the door . rita have give Rose a new gown and clean she up a bit for keloid . rita leave and keloid close the door behind she . he turn to Rose and approach the bed , tapping he stethoscope against the palm of one hand . he do not say anything until he sit down on the bed beside she . keloid Rose ... I be Dr. keloid . Dan keloid . I be here to help you , sweetheart . Rose lift she head to look at keloid for the first time . tear be stream down she cheek . she throw she arm around keloid and begin to sob on he shoulder . keloid hug she gently and pet she on the head as though she be a child . after one or two moment , keloid detach himself from Rose and lie she back down on she bed . keloid Rose , we will not talk about anything right now except how you be feel , ok ? Rose nod , still snuffling slightly . keloid good . first thing I want to do be to check out some of the skin graft we do for you . now , could you please just slip you arm out of you leave shoulder strap and raise you arm over you head ? instead of do as keloid ask , Rose put she hand over she face and shake she head . keloid be baffle . keloid what 's the matter , Rose ? be you in pain ? talk to I , Rose . it 's the only way I can understand what 's bother you . rose ( from behind she hand ) I be hideous , Doctor . I be crazy and I be a monster . keloid c'mon , Rose . there 's just about nothing we can not fix if we know what 's wrong . now , I do not want any more game . do what I tell you . Rose reluctantly take she hand away from she face and slip she leave arm out of its shoulder strap . a pause , and then she raise she leave arm above she head on the pillow . keloid can barely suppress he surprise at what he see . nestled in Rose 's leave armpit be a fleshy , tubular lump with a open at the upper end of it . keloid reach over and press it gently with he fingertip . keloid do that hurt ? rose no . it do not hurt . keloid take a closer look at the fleshy pouch . the open at the upper end seem to be surround by sphincter muscle . keloid gently spread the open with he thumb . deep within the pouch , something a angry pink color , something glisten , seem to be pulsate . when he remove he thumb , the muscle pull the open close again the way a drawstring close a bag . keloid sit up on the side of the bed again , try to regain he composure . keloid ( after a pause ) as far as I can tell now , it will take just a very minor operation to remove that growth from under you arm . it may be some kind of external intestinal tissue . the neutral field tissue graft we do have be try to find a way to get food that you can digest into you body . I be hope it would do that by provide you with a regular set of small intestine but it seem to have have something different in mind . Rose shake she head . a baffle expression come over keloid 's face . keloid how long have you be conscious , Rose ? do you know ? rose couple of day . keloid do you feel weak ? rose I feel strong . I feel very strong . keloid rita tell I you refuse to let she attach you to you intravenous nutrient bottle . why ? rose I do not need they . they make I feel sick . keloid I do not understand . they have get to be you only source of food . rose they be not . they have not be for a couple of day . not since that man ... keloid man ? what be you talk about ? rose I will show you . Rose put she right hand behind keloid 's head and draw it slowly down toward she leave armpit . when keloid 's head be about a foot and a half away from the organ , Rose grab keloid by the hair with both hand and strain upwards with she body . keloid emit a low , gurgle scream which soon cut off with the suddenness of a throw switch . exhausted of energy , keloid collapse across Rose , who begin to rock he gently from side to side as she pump the blood from he body . ext . kentucky fried chicken depot -- morning ( 6.45 a.m . ) a batter old Ford pick - up truck pull into the parking lot of a Colonel Sanders kentucky fry Chicken depot beside the two -lane highway lead to the keloid Clinic . the door of the truck open and a vaguely familiar mangy dog jump out : it belong to the farmer who be Rose 's third victim . int . fried chicken depot -- morning the farmer enter the take - out depot , which be desert except for staff and one lone trucker . the farmer be wear a pair of crooked and crack sunglass . he be not very steady on he foot . his dog watch with concern through the glass door . farmer ( to counter girl ) one bucket of you best for I and my dog there . counter girl yes , sir . the counter girl convey the order through the window into the kitchen , then turn back to write up the farmer 's bill . counter girl yes , and will that be ... oh ! the girl 's word trail off as she notice a tear of blood run down the farmer 's cheek from under the right lens of he sunglass . counter girl hey , mister . do you know you be bleed ? the farmer dab at he cheek with a tobacco-stained finger , smear the blood . farmer it 's nothin' . trucker musta have a rough night , buddy . farmer think I get in a fight or somethin' . can not remember too good . the man in the kitchen slap a bucket of chicken down on the kitchen - window counter . kitchen man one bucket ready to go . the counter girl pick up the bucket and carry it over to the trucker . she have just barely put it down when the farmer grab it and start tear the lid from it . trucker hey , buddy . I think that one 's mine . the farmer grab a piece of fry chicken from the bucket and start wolfing it down . the trucker put he hand on the farmer 's shoulder and turn he around so that they face each other , a piece of chicken skin hang from the farmer 's lip . trucker I say ... I think that one 's mine , buddy . the farmer start shaking uncontrollably . farmer I gotta eat . I gotta eat . I gotta eat ... trucker take that glass off so I can see who I be talkin ' to . the trucker reach out and take off the farmer 's sunglass . to he disgust , he be confront with one close , swollen , and bleed eye , and one eye which have almost completely cloud over from white of eye to pupil . trucker what the hell ... bit of chicken drool from the farmer 's mouth , follow by a froth of dark green foam . without warning , the farmer lunge at the trucker and try to bite he face . the trucker dodge out of the way , catch the farmer by he jacket and swing he over the counter , where he crash into the counter girl . as the kitchen man come out of the kitchen with a pot of boil oil in he hand , the farmer grab the girl and manage to bite she on the arm before she can pull away . Green foam dribble into the girl 's wound . once the girl have pull loose and back away , scream hysterically , the kitchen man throw the potful of oil on the farmer as he struggle to he foot . the farmer scream . as the dog bark madly at the door , the trucker and the kitchen man jump on the farmer and pound he senseless behind the counter . int . surgical wash - up at the keloid clinic -- morning keloid and roxanne be prepare to perform a early morning facelift . they wash they hand and forearm and put on surgical glove as the scrub-nurse prepare they mask and gowns . keloid have a thick band - aid on he neck . roxanne you be sure you want to do this one , Dan ? Louise and I could handle it with no trouble . keloid I will be fine . roxanne you be pretty groggy this morning . ( notice band - aid cut yourself shave ? keloid I will be fine . keloid turn away from roxanne to avoid further discussion . the orderly begin to help he on with he surgical gown . keloid allow a pain , confuse expression to take over he face for a moment , then suppress it . ext . six - lane highway -- morning on a six - lane highway lead out of montreal , cypher 's station wagon start out on its journey to the keloid Clinic . int . station wagon -- morning Inside , cypher and read sit bleary - eye , both drink coffee from styrofoam cup with slit in they cover and listen to the car radio in silence . the 8 a.m. news be in progress . newscaster ( v.o. ) ... but there can be little doubt that the issue of police brutality will still be with we for some time to come . and speak of brutality -- a incident of violence that take place over a highway 11 fry chicken take - out counter end in the death of one man and the wound of a eighteen - year - old girl . we will give you further detail on that story as they become available . read and cypher drive on to the sound of a Radio shack commercial . int . clinic operating room -- morning keloid , roxanne , Karl , Louise , and the scrub-nurse be in the process of perform a routine facelift on a middle - age woman . roxanne watch keloid closely for sign of fatigue as he make the first cut under the woman 's chin with a scalpel . keloid 's hand be rock steady . he make two more cut and roll back a flap of skin . everything seem to be under control . int . station wagon -- morning cypher and read drive on , listen to the rest of the news story . newscaster ( v.o. ) the man , later identify as forty - three - year - old Fred Atkins of camelford , go berserk this morning during a argument over who be to be serve he bucket of chicken first and bit the counter girl on the arm . the man be subdued by a unidentified truck driver and the chicken place 's cook , but die of unknown cause before police arrive . local health authority suspect that raby might be involved and have vaccinate everyone concerned . the dead man 's dog be destroy on the spot . and now , a brief pause for station identification , after which we will talk to a scientist who say that earthquake may one day become a thing of the past ... while they listen to a variation of the Radio shack commercial , cypher notice that they be pass by the kentucky fry Chicken depot . there be still two police car park in the parking lot . cypher hey , we be right there . read ( drowsy ) huh ? cypher the place they be talk about on the radio . ( joke ) wanna stop off for some fry chicken ? read ( not reacting to the joke ) not hungry , thanks . cypher be about to say something further , but realize that read be too preoccupy with Rose to banter with . he decide to let it drop . they drive off to the sound of easy - listen radio . int . clinic operating room -- morning keloid be now stitching up the flap of skin under he patient 's chin . roxanne notice that he hand be no longer as steady as it be earlier on in the operation . he be have trouble place he stitches properly . his mask be soaking through at the mouth . roxanne do you want I to complete the stitching , Dr. keloid ? keloid I need ... I need something to cut with , Dr. rushton . roxanne you want the scissors now , Doctor ? keloid yes . the scissors now . roxanne 's brow be furrow as she reach for the scissors on she instrument tray and hand they to keloid . roxanne scissor . instead of simply allow the scissors to be place in he hand , keloid grab roxanne by the wrist with one hand and take the scissors with the other . he turn to look at she . she be shocked to see that he eye have completely cloud over . look into they be like look down two dark hole . roxanne Dan ...! without hesitation , keloid take the scissors and cut the tip of roxanne 's index finger off . roxanne stare down at she bleed finger , a unvoice scream rise in she throat . keloid let the scissors drop to the floor and pull down he mask . Dark green fluid foam from he mouth . he fall to he knee and put roxanne 's index finger in he mouth , suck on it like a straw . roxanne scream . Louise , who turn to look at keloid at the sound of the fall scissors , scream in unison , back away in terror and disbelief . the operate room explode in confusion and panic as keloid and roxanne start to thrash about , knock instrument and various surgical appliance to the floor . the patient slumber on , oblivious . Dr. Karl , the anesthetist , leave he post behind the patient 's head and try to pull keloid off roxanne . karl Dan , do not be stupid ! what 's the matter with you ? be you crazy or something ? stop it ! stop it ! keloid let go of roxanne and sink he tooth into Karl 's shoulder . Karl scream in pain but do not let go . Louise finally regains enough presence of mind to run out of the operate room . roxanne writhes in pain and shock on the floor . louise I be get the police ! I be go to call the police ! int . patient ' lounge -- morning Rose be sit in the patient ' lounge with one or two other patient , watch tv . next to Rose be a mobile intravenous cart , to whose three bottle she be attach by several iv tube . a young nurse we have not see previously sit beside she , obviously instruct to keep a close watch on Rose , who wear a clinic dress - gown over she nightgown . suddenly Louise come fly past the lounge in hysterics , half cry , half scream . louise ( hysterical ) he 's go crazy , he 's go crazy ! he 's kill everybody ! there 's blood everywhere ! we have get to do something ! we have get to get the police ! she pick up a stream of staff member and patient who trail after she try to get some sense out of the completely distract woman . the nurse watch Rose immediately get up and run after Louise , as do one of the two patient watch tv in the lounge . the other patient , terrify by the panic in Louise 's voice , shrink into a corner and try to look inconspicuous . the instant everyone round the corner at the end of the lounge , Rose stand up and push she iv cart down a hall that go in the opposite direction . int . side hallway -- morning once she be out of sight , Rose quickly begin to detach herself from she iv tube . shout and sound of struggle rise and fall in the distance as she pull the needle out of she wrist . int . judy glasberg's room -- morning Rose enter Judy glasberg 's room and close the door behind she . she pause only for a moment to glance at the photo of Judy tack up on the wall show she before and after she propose nose job , then open Judy 's closet and start rummage through the clothes hang there . int . cypher' station wagon -- late morning cypher and read be on the last stretch of highway before the curve which reveal the driveway of the keloid Clinic . read have not warm up too much , he anxiety increase as they have get closer to the clinic . read ( look through the windshield ) hey , look . what 's go on there ? the place be crawl with police . cypher what ? hey , you be right . read oh , Christ , no ! it 's Rose . it 's get to be . something 's happen to Rose ! cypher take it easy , hart . they would not need three cruiser for that . it 's something else for sure . ext . clinic driveway -- late morning cypher 's car pull up the driveway , with read hang half - way out of the passenger door . read jump out before the car have come to a full stop . there be indeed three Quebec provincial Police cruiser park at various strategic spot around the front of the clinic . there be also a paddy wagon park right next to a Quebec Bureau of Health van . cypher and read walk up to the front door and enter the clinic . int . clinic -- late morning several police officer and a police photographer be move through the building with Dr. Karl , who be describe what happen to the officer in charge . Karl look harry , confuse , and very unhappy . read and cypher meet Karl and the head officer as they talk in the reception area . Karl 's operate tunic be bloodstain at the shoulder . cypher ( to Karl ) where 's Dr. keloid ? what 's happen ? cop who be you ? karl Murray , thank God you be here . it 's be a nightmare . ( to cop ) this be Murray cypher . he 's one of the owner of the clinic . cypher what 's the story , Bill ? karl it 's Danny . he go berserk in the middle of a operation . I be there . he try to kill roxanne . he cut she . they have to take she away . he choke up . cypher ( in disbelief ) Danny ? you have get to be kid . read ( to Karl ) oh , God . have you see Rose ? have anything happen to she ? be she all right ? karl Rose ? you mean ... no , no , this have nothing to do with she . she should be around somewhere . cop ( to Karl ) ok , let 's see if I have get this straight . you be in the middle of a operation , a routine facelift , do you say ? karl that 's right . that 's what we do here . the operation be just about over ... it be Dr. keloid who be perform it , you see ... this be so bizarre ... read turn away from the main door and walk through the reception area look anxiously for Rose . there he encounter two patient , miss Owen and a slightly young woman , sit in lawn chair discuss the event of the morning . miss owen ( to woman patient ) ... certainly they take she away . she be bleed and she be completely hysterical . could not make out a word she be say . read have you see Rose ? the young girl who be in the motorcycle accident ? miss owen ( confuse ) do you mean the girl who be in here to have she nose fix two time in a row ...? int . clinic entrance -- late morning the chief cop , cypher , and Karl be still talk . cop ( to cypher ) so you be in fact Dr. keloid 's business partner ? cypher I be . cop come with I , please . the cop walk toward the main door . cypher turn to see if Karl be go to follow . Karl shake he head and look down at he shoe . karl I can not , Murray . you go . I have see it . baffle , cypher follow the cop out the front door . ext . clinic -- late morning cypher and the head cop leave the clinic and walk out to the parking lot . as they pass the Bureau of Health van and the keloid Clinic ambulance , cypher see a man in a medical uniform give a police officer a injection straight into he stomach muscle in the ambulance . the officer 's hand be bandage . cop ( to cypher ) couple of my man get bitten . that raby shot be killer . think I would rather take my chance on get sick instead . cypher bitten ? by what ? they arrive at the back of the paddy wagon . the cop point to the mesh window in the wagon 's rear door . cop by that . cypher look through the mesh . without warning , keloid throw himself against the mesh from the inside , froth green at the mouth , smear with blood and moan like a creature from hell . he try savagely to bite cypher through the wire , which cut he lip and scrape the enamel from he tooth . cypher jump back . cop can you confirm the identification of this man as Dr. Daniel keloid ? cypher ( totally dismay ) oh , my God . my god. int . entrance of clinic -- late morning read approach one of two police officer who stand talk to the police photographer . read look ... I be try to find my girlfriend . she 's a patient here . she be here last night but nobody seem to have see she . second cop we get a young girl downstairs . you wanna take a look at she ? read be she name Rose ? the two cop look at each other , then turn back to read . second cop we do not know . we do not ask she . c'mon . ( to third cop ) tell the chief I be downstairs gettin ' a id . be back in a flash . the third cop nod . read follow the second cop down a hallway . int . clinic basement -- late morning read follow the second cop down the stair lead to the clinic 's basement , which still show trace of the clinic 's origin as a old farmhouse . the second cop walk over to a bank of three huge upright freezer use to store the freeze food supplies for the clinic 's staff and patient . read hang back and glance around the immense basement . the cop walk over to the farthest freezer and swing open the door . second cop c'mere . can not see anything from there . read approach slowly , certain he worst fear be go to be realize . second cop ( gesture toward the interior of the freezer ) be that Rose ? read force himself to look . there , freeze into a block of ice that take up the entire bottom of the freezer , be the hunch - over , naked body of Judy glasberg , she eye stare , she lash frost , she mouth twisted horribly . read exhales sharply , almost sobbing with a combination of horror and relief . read no . no , that 's not Rose . ext . two - lane highway -- day Rose be in the process of hitch-hike she way into montreal . she do not have to wait too long before a immense diesel truck snort and squeal to a stop on the gravel shoulder of the road . Rose be wear Judy glasberg 's jeans , boot , flannel shirt , and jacket . as Rose run toward the truck , the passenger door swing open for she . int . truck cab -- day Rose sit in the passenger seat , she bare foot up on the dash tapping in time to the country - and -western music come from a tiny transistor radio hang by a leather thong from the rear-view mirror . Rose be flushed and excited , almost delirious to find herself alive , healthy , and free . beside she , the trucker eat a steak on a bun with great enthusiasm . he 's in he forty , gray at the temple , gentlemanly . he 's just about to start in on the second half of he sandwich when he pause and glance over at Rose , who be happily watch the countryside rush by . the trucker hold out the second half of he sandwich to Rose , take care to hold it in its tinfoil wrapper and not to touch it with he finger . trucker want this , Rose ? Steak on a bun . Real good . rose um ... would not mind just one bite . she take the sandwich , carefully peel back the tinfoil from one end , and bite into it . she chew and swallow . rose you be right . it 's fabulous . ext . two - lane highway -- day the diesel truck pull on to the dirt shoulder of the road and come to a halt . the passenger door swing open and Rose jump down , stumbling as she hit the ground . she start to vomit before she even have a chance to get off she knee . the trucker come around from the other side of the cab and squat down beside she . he put he arm around she and hold she while she finish be sick . trucker last time I ever patronize that greasy spoon , I can promise you that . c'mon sweetheart . there 's a girl . get it all out . Rose wipe she mouth with the sleeve of she shirt and try to stand up . she 's still wobbly . trucker you just put you arm around I and I will lift you back in . we will get you some coffee or some soup or something at the next stop , ok ? Rose nod weakly and put she arm around the trucker . as he lift she up she hold he close and close she eye . a tear run down each cheek . dissolve to : ext . two - lane highway -- day Rose walk along the side of the road , hitch-hike once again . after two car pass she without stop , a american sedan pull off the road slightly ahead of she and then back up to meet she . Rose get in and the car pull back on to the highway . she be flushed and invigorate . int . sedan -- day Rose find herself sit next to a plump , pleasant - look lady in she late thirty who smoke a cigarette furiously as she drive . lady hi . where be you go ? rose montreal . where be you go ? lady same place . Rose settles back in she seat and allow herself a smile . her cheek be flushed and glow . rose that 's wonderful . thanks . I be beginning to think I would never get back home again . ext . two - lane highway -- day a camelford police cruiser be on its way down the highway go in the direction opposite to Rose . we follow the cruiser down the road a few hundred yard until the diesel truck that stop to pick up Rose come into view , still stop by the side of the road , its passenger door open . the cruiser pull over and park behind the truck . one of the qpp officer get out and walk over to the cab of the truck . when he get close to the cab , the officer find the driver of the truck sit sideways on the passenger seat , he leg out of the cab , foot rest on the run board . the driver seem to be in some kind of daze and he be very pale . officer something wrong ? trucker huh ? uh , no ... nothing really wrong . I ... I guess I musta doze off . yeah . that 's it , I guess . pull over to have a nap . officer well , that 's good . we find too many of you boy take pill to keep yourselves go all day and all night . next time , though , try to pick a better spot to pull over . this road 's kind of narrow . trucker oh , yeah . right . will do , Officer . officer ok . have a nice day . trucker yeah . thanks . as the trucker turn to watch the cop leave , we see blood trickle from a wound at the back of he neck which the trucker be obviously unaware of himself . the officer walk back to he car and wait until the truck pull off the shoulder and head back down the road toward the city . ext . camelford station off two - lane highway -- day the cruiser pull into the parking lot of the local station , which be just off the two - lane highway between the clinic and the spot where the diesel truck stop by the side of the road . in the parking lot , mix in with various police vehicle , be several familiar vehicle , include cypher 's station wagon and the clinic van . as the two officer get out of they car , they be meet by a Health Bureau official dress in white who show they he id card . health official Claude lapointe , Quebec Bureau of Health , official business . sorry , boy . you can not go in unless you be willing to stay . the whole station 's under quarantine . we think we have get a epidemic . int . camelford police station -- day Inside the station , cypher sit on one side of a desk explain thing to the head cop , who 's try to keep up with he on a old typewriter . phone be ringing everywhere , typewriter be clack away . in one corner we find read glue to the receiver of a payphone , a finger in he free ear , try desperately to hear what 's be say at the other end of the line . read hey , mindy ? you still there ? yeah , it 's crazy here . I can hardly hear a thing . yeah . listen , I think that Rose might try to get in touch with you . yeah . she what ? she call you ? oh , that 's great . she 's on she way over ? that 's incredible . you would not believe what 's be happen . it 's crazy time . yeah . totally . well , listen . when she get there , tell she I will be stick in the camelford cop shop for at least forty - eight hour . camelford . it 's a town you go through on the way to the clinic . that 's right . the whole clinic be hit with raby or something , they be not sure exactly . yeah , the whole clinic . she might have to come in for test or something . I will find out . yeah . you keep she there for I . as soon as I get out I will come and get she . yeah . ok , mindy . ciao . read hang up . he discover that he 's actually smile . ext . montreal truck depot -- night at a montreal truck depot , crate be be unload from a warehouse and on to a series of truck . a dispatcher work he way through the crowd of loader look for a miss driver . dispatcher hey , anybody here see eddy ? he 's get the lead truck and I can not find the son of a bitch . hey , you see smooth eddy ? loader I see he climb into the box of he truck half a hour ago . he do not look too good . dispatcher whaddya mean he do not look too good ? smooth eddy always look good . loader naw , I mean he look sick . like , nauseous . dispatcher what the fuck we runnin ' here , a nursery ? the dispatcher , a short , dark , mustachioe man , work he way up to the lead truck . dispatcher eddy ... hey , eddy , you in there ? ext . depot -- night the dispatcher shove he way to the slide side door of eddy 's trailer and grab the handle . dispatcher you in there , eddy ? we gotta get this rig movin ' . the dispatcher slide the door open . eddy scream the second the light hit he and jump out at the dispatcher , eye cloud over , foam mouth wide open . the dispatcher be bowl over by the force of the impact and he fall backwards to the concrete , eddy all over he , scream and bite the dispatcher 's face and arm . in a instant five loader be try to pull eddy away . eddy immediately turn on they , manage to inflict several bite before he disappear beneath the ever- increase mass of loader and trucker try to get at he . int . mindy'' apartment -- night mindy be watch tv in she cramped one - bedroom downtown high - rise apartment . mindy be twenty - one , have live on she own for year , be on the plump side of voluptuous , and work for IBM sell office equipment . as she watch she color portable , mindy idly turn the page of vogue magazine , smoke a cigarette , and alternately sip a cognac and a black coffee . there be a special newscast concern the alleged raby outbreak in the clinic region , complete with documentary footage shot outside the quarantine qpp station . newscaster ... and health official have say they consider the outbreak of the new strain of raby as be potentially ' the worst of this century . ' at the police station in camelford , Kathy draper talk to Quebec Bureau of Health official Claude lapointe . the news camera pan across the front of 52 station and end up in a close - up of Mr lapointe , stand in front of he van . lapointe certainly this be serious . this be not just a question of swine flu or something like that . we have already several death on we hand in this one small area alone , and the main problem be ... we do not know what we be up against . interviewer ( 0.c . ) be you say that this be not a outbreak of raby ? lapointe I be not say that . I be not say that , exactly . but it must be a new strain of raby , because there be symptom involved which we and even the world health community do not seem to be familiar with . interviewer ( 0.c . ) what be this symptom ? lapointe well , the period of incubation of this disease be very brief , maybe six to eight hour at the most . now , that 's quick , much quick than normal raby . then the victim begin to sweat , to shake , to foam at the mouth . that 's not so rare . what be rare be that the victim always with disease become violent and bite somebody new . and this phase be follow by a coma in every case we know , it 's very strange . interviewer ( 0.c . ) this new want to crazy and then , by death . what advice would you give to we viewer ? lapointe the disease spread through the saliva of the victim ... the saliva be very contagious . it dribble into open wound and cut and cause immediate infection . interviewer ( 0.c . ) so ? lapointe ( shrugging ) so ... do not let anybody bite you . and if somebody do , find a doctor who can give you raby shot immediately . we be already set up vaccination center beginning right here and spread out toward montreal . if we do not keep the disease localize and out of large center of population , well ... I would not like to say what it could be like . interviewer ( 0.c . ) I hear you mention the Black Plague of London just before we go on the air . be that what you mean by ...? lapointe ( laugh ) we sometimes like to be dramatic about this thing . it 's more interesting than the usual paperwork and we get ... you know ... we get excited . it 's a real challenge ... there be a knock at the door . mindy get up and open it . stand in the corridor be Rose . rose surprise . I be amongst the live . mindy throw she arm around Rose , hug she , and pull she inside the door . they separate , then hug again , both of they on the verge of tear . int . camelford station cell -- night cypher and read be share a open cell at the qpp station , which have be make as homely as possibly by the addition of two chair and a small table , which cypher be use as a desk . read lie back on the lower half of one of the cell 's three double bunk bed , arm behind he head , watch cypher sift through a maze of papers of all size and shape . read get anything in there I might want to read ? I be start to go stir crazy already . cypher it 's actually pretty exciting stuff if you know how to interpret it . cypher throw down he audit Point pen , lean back , and put he foot up on the table . read I guess I be just go on automatic pilot right now . cypher ( shake he head ) I can not connect that creature I see in the paddy wagon with Danny . I just can not believe they be all dead ... read be on the verge of say something when they be both startle by the sound of a sudden chase in the main office at the end of the row of cell . scream and yell be punctuate by the crash of overturn furniture and smash glass . read and cypher barely have time to get to they foot when they see the head cop back slowly through the door lead to the main office , he service revolver draw . cop George , for God 's sake ! can not you understand what I be say ? stay back ! sit on the floor and put you hand on you head . when the cop be about a third of the way down the aisle between the row of cell , read step out behind he . the cop do not take he eye away from the doorway . read what 's go on ? cop get into the cell and be ready to lock yourselves in . do what I tell you ! before read have a chance to move , a second cop appear , sweat , staggering , drool green foam , eye expressionless black hole . the infect cop be stalking the head cop . somebody shout from somewhere back in the main office . voice get out of the line of fire , Ted . we will take he from here with the scattergun . cop ( shouting back ) gimme a count of three , Joe ! I will be outta you way by three ! voice one ...! the head cop draw even with the door of read and cypher 's cell . cypher have already back into it and flatten himself against the wall opposite the aisle . the infect cop come closer . cypher notice the bandage on he hand , then recognize he as the cop at the clinic entrance who be bitten by keloid and get raby shot immediately afterwards . voice two ...! cop ( to read and cypher ) gimme room . I be come in quick . voice Three ...! the head cop dive sideways into the cell . the infect cop lunge forward after he and be half - way through the cell door when read , hang on to the bar of the cell for leverage , put he foot in the cop 's stomach and kick he back out into the line of fire . before the infect cop can regain he balance , he be punch to the floor by several shotgun blast . by the time the gun stop fire , the infect cop 's body have be push almost to the end of the aisle . the head cop step out to meet the three cop from the main office , who approach warily through the acrid smoke drift up from the barrel of they gun . cop ( to nobody in particular ) they give he raby shot . he get bitten up at that facelift place and they give he he shot right away . the head cop turn away from the body and look up at the three man from the main office . cop they do not do he any damn good , do they ? read and cypher exchange glance . it 's be a lousy day . int . mindy'' live room -- night mindy and Rose be sit in mindy 's live room , Rose in front of the tv on the sofa , mindy at a small desk in the corner with papers and some sort of training manual spread out in front of she . Rose be watch tv with a long ear plug trail from the silent tv set across three foot of rug , up the sofa , and into she leave ear . Rose be watch shiver , star Paul hampton , Joe Silver and Barbara steele , and be get very restless . she can not help glance over at mindy , who be eat a ham sandwich while she work . mindy have she hair pull back and the pulse in she neck be somehow very prominent . Rose pull the plug out of she ear , turn off the tv set , stand up , and go to the closet next to the front door . mindy look up from she work for the first time . mindy what be you do , Rose ? rose ( put on she jacket ) I think I have to go out for a while . mindy get up and join Rose at the door . mindy rosie , I feel so stupid . I have not be much of a hostess . why do not you stay here ? there must be something in the fridge I can tempt you with . rose ( open the door ) thanks , mindy , but it 's not that . I just have to get out into the fresh air again . it 's a real experience for I just to walk down a street . mindy I will come with you . rose no . you stay here and work . I will not be go too long . mindy ok , rosie . if you get dizzy or anything , call I . Rose laugh , pat mindy on the cheek , and leave . ext . ST . catherine's STREET -- night Rose walk down the most crowded part of St. Catherine 's Street she can find . she have a new sensitivity to the heat radiating from the body of that close to she , and the presence of so much warm , jostling flesh full of blood whose coursing she can almost hear soon make she eye shine , she nostril flare , she step quick and precise . Rose soon find herself stand in front of a Eve cinema , which be show two soft - core skin flick , as usual . on a impulse , Rose dig around in the pocket of Judy glasberg 's jeans . in the back pocket she find a five- dollar bill . she hesitates for only a moment , then busy a ticket and enter the cinema . int . eve cinema -- night Rose walk down the center aisle and sit alone in the middle of a empty row of seat not far from the screen and its murky orgiastics . it be not long before a thirtyish , bald man leave he seat at the back of the cinema and sit directly behind Rose . as he remove he jacket , he brushes against Rose 's hair with he hand as though by accident . Rose turn around to look at he . balding man " scuse I . I do not mean to touch you . Rose give he a hard look , then turn around to face the screen again . balding man well , pardon I for exist . Rose turn around again . rose I think you do it on purpose . balding man no. really . I be take my jacket off and it brush against you . rose oh , well , I be sorry . I like see this movie but man be always bother I . I guess I 'ma little paranoid . balding man well , look . if I come and sit beside you everybody will think we be together and you will be able to watch in peace . all I ask be a couple handfuls of popcorn . rose ( laugh ) ok . c'mon . the bald man get up , move to the end of he aisle , then make he way toward Rose , try not to blow it by betray he excitement . he sit down beside Rose . she offer he some popcorn . dissolve to : ext . eve cinema exit -- night Rose slip out of the side exit of the cinema into a alley , she cheek flushed , she breathe heavy . crowd of people still throng past the open at the end of the alley , the night just beginning . Rose watch they move past as though still watch a movie , feel the full weight of she separation from the ordinary . after a pause , she move out to join it . int . eve cinema -- night back in the theater , the bald man be still sit in he seat three row from the screen , slump down , he head on he chest , one arm throw out around the edge of the seat beside he . blood stream from a small hole in the palm of the outstretch hand , which be still curve as though embrace someone 's shoulder . the image reflect from the screen flicker across he face , but he see nothing . int . mindy'' live room -- morning mindy be prepare and eat she breakfast of bran muffins , coffee , and orange juice on the run . while she shuffles she coffee cup and she notebook , she listen to the radio . newscaster ( v.o. ) ... decide that each municipality should take on the responsibility for set up vaccination center in community hall and health clinic . Police have criticize the City Hall decision , say that evidence have come to light which indicate that normal raby vaccine be completely ineffective against the new strain of the disease . they be ask instead for the organization of a series of militia-and army - control quarantine center until such time as a effective vaccine be develop . Said one police spokesman : ' we be have trouble contain the know outbreak of violence induce by the disease as it be . imagine what will happen if it spread through the city like a normal wave of the flu . mindy have finally get herself ready to go to work . just before she leave , she knock on the bathroom door . mindy I be go , rosie . I have leave you some coffee on the stove . turn it off if you go out , ok ? rose ( 0.s. ) ok . ' bye . mindy ( slightly worried pause ) be not you go to wish I luck ? ( pause ) be you ok ? rose ( 0o.s. ) ( oddly muffle ) brush my tooth . good luck . mindy ( relax ) thanks . see you later . mindy turn to the front door , open it , and leave . int . mindy'' bathroom -- morning in the bathroom , Rose be double over on the floor clutching she stomach . two second after she hear the front door slam close , she let out a low , strangle moan and begin to roll around on the floor . a sudden spasm force she to curl into a ball again , she fingernails sink into the palm of she hand . after the spasm pass , she prop herself up against the bathroom door . a thread of blood curl down she wrist . she open she right hand . she stare at the four tiny crescent of blood that she nail have cut into she palm . with slow , trancelike motion , she lick the blood off she wrist and she palm . int . subway station -- morning mindy stand in a crowded subway station wait for she train to come . every once in a while she glance down at a mark page in a blue corporation manual she 's carry , check she memory against the print specification of various piece of office equipment . the train finally come and mindy get cramme in with the rest of the rush-hour crowd . int . subway car -- morning as the subway car pull out of the station , mindy lean against the door and continue to consult she manual . as she look up and off into space , try to grasp the next set of machine specification , she eye be catch by the face of a woman with she back against the opposite door . the woman seem to be blind -- she eye be completely black from edge to edge . then mindy notice with horror that the woman be tremble and drool and foam green at the mouth . the sea of face between they seem indifferent to the woman until she scream at the top of she lung and plunge forward with she mouth wide open , apparently try to get at mindy . the people close to the woman suddenly start to panic , and the panic move out through the car in wave . everyone start to push and shove , and people try to climb over one another . the infect woman manage to lock she tooth on to the ear of a man who begin to punch she in the chest and stomach , himself completely terrify . the subway car pull into the next station and its door open . mindy be almost knock to the platform and trample but she manage to stay on she foot and flow with the stampede . the people wait to get on to the train be greet with the spectacle of three man subdue a insane , shriek woman on the floor of the car . ext . downtown construction site -- day Mr. lapointe , Quebec Health Bureau official , be riding in the back of a city limousine with a official from the mayor 's office . the limousine be work its way through the rubble of a desert construction site . lapointe ( exasperate ) you will pardon I , Mr. stasiuk , but I think the mayor should be take this epidemic more seriously than he be . official a city be a complex machine , Mr. lapointe . every part need constant attention . the mayor will listen to you , but you be not the only one . it take time ... the limousine have work its way into a relatively desert section of the site , and now slow to a stop . official ( to uniform driver ) why have we stop , Clark ? the driver point through the front windshield at the mannequin of a construction worker wave a flag that have be place directly in the middle of the narrow dirt road they be travel on . official well , be not there anyone around ? do we have to turn around ? before anyone can make a move , two construction worker suddenly emerge from the surround rubble and advance on the car , one of they carry a pneumatic jackhammer . official Clark ... roll down you window and ask they why the road be block . it may be strike trouble . be careful . Clark be in the process of roll down he window when the man with the jackhammer turn on the hammer and apply the chisel to the driver 's door . as the chisel point of the hammer chew up the door , lapointe can see that the eye of the two worker be cloud over and that they be all slaver green foam from they mouth . official oh , Christ ! Clark , let 's get out quick ! Quick , man ! lapointe they have get the disease ! look at they eye ! report that to you mayor ! before the driver can slam the limousine into reverse , the second infect worker have reach through the window and grab he by the hair . the hammer have completely penetrate the door . the driver scream . they will kill we ! the two worker begin to drag the scream driver out of the car . the official scramble over the front seatback into the driver 's seat , kick the leg of the driver away from the foot control , and slam the gearshift into reverse . the limousine fishtail backwards madly as the official floor the accelerator , the crumpled , bloody driver 's door flap like a break wing as the car back down the road . in the rapidly recede distance , lapointe can see the infect worker hunching over Clark 's body . int . shopping mall -- day Rose sit in the middle of a shopping mall full of early Christmas shopper . her hair be matte and straggly and she watch the people in the mall hungrily . in the background , child line up to sit on the knee of a huge , enthrone Santa Claus surround by elaborately wrap present and Christmas tree attach to a huge backdrop of crimson and tinsel . two cop , a nervous young cop carry a submachine - gun , and a older cop , watch the proceedings tensely . large crowd always mean trouble . the two cop patrol the mall separately , keep in touch by radio . a pleasant young man stop in front of Rose 's bench , look she over , then decide to get acquainted . young man ( to Rose ) mind if I sit down ? rose no . I do not mind . the young man sit down . young man nothing like Christmas , huh ? Rose do not answer . the young man be run out of open line . young man ah ... you smoke ? you know ... cigarettes ? you smoke ? rose yeah . sure . young man great . have one of mine . the young man fumble in he jacket pocket for he pack of cigarettes , then awkwardly shake one out of the pack for Rose . she take it . the young man put one in he mouth , then start to feel around in he pocket for match . he can not find any . young man no match . you get a light ? Rose shake she head . the young man look around . he spot a man with a cigarette in he hand at the end of the adjacent bench . he get up . young man just a sec . I will ask that guy over there for a light . ok ? be right back . he walk over to the man on the bench . as he approach , he notice that the man 's cigarette have burn right down to the flesh of he finger . young man " scuse I , mac. gotta light ? without warning , the man on the bench leap up at the young man and grab he by the hair . the man , a powerful , bearded man of about sixty , have eye like black hole and be drool green foam . he pull the young man 's head back and begin to tear at he throat with nicotine - stain tooth . the young man scream . the two cop break into a run the instant they locate the source of the scream . when they arrive at the bench , the bearded man look up , he beard and mouth stain with blood . the young man be quite obviously on the verge of death . the young cop level he submachine - gun at the man . young cop stand up ! stand up and put you hand behind you head ! the bearded man jump up and tear off through the crowd of incredulous onlooker . the young cop follow he . the bearded man head for the Santa Claus display . young cop outta the way ! get outta the way . he will kill you ! that mar n'll kill you ! the child around the Santa Claus display scatter as the bearded man head for they . the Santa Claus stand up and grab at the bearded man just as the young cop open fire with he submachine - gun . his bullet rip through both man and the entire display , scatter bit of Christmas wrapping and plastic fir tree everywhere . the older cop arrive on the scene , revolver draw , just as post-action shock hit the young cop . young cop oh , Christ ... I do not mean to hit the Santa Claus . deep in the gather crowd , a traumatize Rose push she way through to a exit . int . camelford station -- day we be close on a tv set sit on the admit sergeant 's desk just inside the station 's main entrance . a detailed analysis of the disease crisis be in the process of be broadcast , complete with news footage of army and militiamen jump off truck in place ville Marie , citizen be vaccinate at community health center and at emergency depot set up in subway station , etc . newscaster ( v.o. ) ... and the crisis have now be officially grant epidemic status by official of the World Health Organization . the Prime Minister be reluctant to officially declare a state of emergency , but as any citizen in the street can tell you , martial law have come to montreal . at a emergency vaccination center set up in the atwater Metro Station , we speak with a director of the World Health Organization who have just arrive from England to take charge of liaison with Health bureaus in western european country . the face of a aristocratic and very tweedy englishman appear on the screen with the name Dr. royce gentry , director , who , flash beneath he face on the screen for a moment or two . gentry I do not think there 's any question that martial law be need in the city of montreal at this point in time . it 's a necessity . it have already be establish that victim of the disease -- and it be not raby , though it may be related to the raby virus -- victim of the disease be beyond medical help once it have establish itself to the degree of induce violent behavior . interviewer ( 0.c . ) what you be say , then , Dr. gentry , be that ... gentry what I be say be very simple . it may not be very palatable for you viewer . shoot down victim of the disease be as good a way of handle they as we have get . if we lock they up , they immediately go into a coma and die shortly afterwards . we have now get a vaccine that we think will work ina preventative way , but for that who be already incubate the disease ... as far as we know , there 's no hope for they . the face of Dr. gentry be replace by a close - up of a needle sink into a arm . newscaster ( v.o. ) all that receive shot of the new vaccine be be issue plastic id card with a photo of the card holder . viewer be urge not to leave they home unless absolutely necessary , and be remind that if they do they must carry they vaccine card with they . Police , army , and militia officer may demand to see they . here be a list of vaccination center in you area and the toll - free telephone number of we special emergency information center . read and cypher , rumple and haggard , be signing form at the main desk of the station prior to be release . both be wear plastic vaccination plate on they jacket , read toy impatiently with he . cypher ( to desk sergeant ) Goodbye , sergeant . you have be a wonderful host . sergeant ok , Murray . take it easy . you sure you do not want to stay out here with we ? the city do not sound like a very appetizing place to be . cypher I would , but my wife and kid ... you know how it be . read ( very twitchy ) c'mon , Murray . Rose be waitin ' for I . cypher ok , kid . let 's go . ext . camelford station -- day cypher and read get into cypher 's station wagon , a qpp officer hand cypher the car key as he get in . officer remember to keep you window up and you door lock once you get into the city . maybe the bug can not get you now , but that ... ( tapping cypher 's plate ) ... that will not protect you from the crazy . take care now . cypher nod and start he car . they pull out of the parking lot and on to the highway . int . mindy'' bedroom -- late day Rose lie curl up in mindy 's double bed , the blanket twisted up around she , sweat , she shoe still on , she muscle contracting with wave of spasm that roll over she . Rose hardly notice the sound of key jingling , the latch turn , the front door open . mindy 's home . mindy ( 0o.s. ) ( close the door and lock it ) Rose ? be you home ? we hear the sound of mindy walk through she live room , then approach the bedroom . mindy Rose ? be you asleep ? mindy enter the bedroom , a bag of grocery in she arm . she stop at the door , shocked at Rose 's appearance , then put the bag down on she night table and sit on the bed beside Rose . mindy have you be out ? have you get you shot ? Rose roll over to face mindy . her lip be pale and parched , she nose be run , she voice shake as she speak . rose ( feebly ) I ... I have be afraid to go out . and , mindy , I ... I be starve . I be starve to death . and I do not want to eat . I do not want any more to eat . she burst into tear and roll away from mindy , who slide across the bed after she and begin to stroke Rose 's forehead . mindy rosie , what 's be go on ? what 's the matter with you ? poor kid . well , do not worry any more . we be two tough lady , you and I . we can handle anything we have to . ext . expressway ramp -- dusk read and cypher descend into the city on a long expressway ramp which afford they a clear view of other section of highway and a large suburban plaza dominate by a huge supermarket . both they ramp and the other section of highway be strewn with wreck and burn - out car and even the occasional body . as the station wagon descend , they can see the line - up of people move in and out of the supermarket guard by soldier with light machine - gun . before anyone be allow into the supermarket , he have to present he vaccine card at a registration desk set up at the entrance . cypher and read plunge on , deeper into the city . dissolve to : ext . STREET at foot of exit ramp -- night the station wagon swing off the exit ramp and on to a city street , narrowly miss a few pile of garbage , which seem to be everywhere . the street seem to be desert , the store on both side close and dark . ext . another STREET -- night the station wagon turn on to a long , broad , practically desert street . the only human activity be center around a convoy of heavy white city garbage truck manned by white - uniform , hood figure . the convoy of twelve be lead by a military jeep whose rider , a army sergeant , order they to peel off one by one down specific route deem primary for decontamination . armed soldier ride on the top of the truck carry rifle with telescopic sight . int . station wagon -- night read I can not believe it . it 's like we be at war . cypher listen , hart . we be go to my house first . I be not go to relax until I know that everything there 's ok . once we be there , I will give you the key to the car and you can go get you girl . read ( tense ) ok . thanks . ext . leafy suburban STREET -- night the station wagon pull up into the driveway of cypher 's small but pleasant suburban house . except for a bit of garbage strewn about , there be no sign of unrest in the neighborhood . the odd rifle shot in the distance be fairly easy to ignore in this surroundings . int . station wagon -- night cypher get out of the car and read slide over into the driver 's seat . cypher phone I when you get there , will you ? maybe you should bring Rose back here with you until this thing blow over . read yeah . listen , thanks for the car , Murray . I will call you . cypher smile and head up the driveway toward he front door . read wait until cypher have safely let himself into he house , then pull out of the driveway and on to the street . int . cypher' house , first floor -- night cypher enter he house and close the door behind he . he put he briefcase down on top of the hall radiator and walk toward the foot of the stair . cypher cecile ? it 's Murray , honey . I be home . nobody answer . cypher resist the temptation to panic and walk through the downstairs room . everything seem reasonably neat but there be no one there . cypher return to the foot of the stair and start the climb to the second floor . int . cypher' house , second floor -- night cypher get to the top of the stair and begin to move along the narrow hall take he to the front of the house . cypher cecile ? I be home , honey . where be you ? cypher stop at the doorway of the baby 's room and look in . int . cypher' house , baby room -- night cypher scan the baby 's room , which from its cartoon wallpaper to its brightly color broadloom and toy-filled shelf speak volume about the fastidious preparation which precede baby 's arrival . he be about to continue on down the hall to the master bedroom when he notice that the broadloom beneath the baby 's bathinette be wet . on a impulse he enter the room and lift open the top cover the bathinette . the bathinette be half - fill with bloody bath water , which have be leak on to the carpete , drop by drop , for hour . cypher let the lid drop down with a mixture of fear and horror suddenly stabbing he in the pit of the stomach . a insane kind of moan giggle drift over to he from the corner of the room . he whirl to face the sound . it seem to be come from the closet . drawn inexorably toward the sound , he approach the closet , which be not completely close . he raise he hand to grasp the doorknob . without warning , the closet door explode open , smash cypher in the face and knock he to the floor . a craze , drool cecile land heavily on top of he and begin to bite he savagely on the face , she cloud eye devoid of all mercy or recognition . int . mindy'' bedroom -- night mindy have tuck Rose into bed and be now apply a cold compress to she feverish forehead . Rose seem to be half asleep . mindy that 's it , rosie . you just get as much sleep as you need . do not think about anything . let you mind drift . mindy get up and go into she kitchen , leave Rose 's door open just a crack . int . mindy'' kitchen -- night in she kitchen , mindy continue prepare a elaborate vegetable stew , somehow convinced that she week in the hospital have induce in Rose a aversion to meat . the tv set , mindy 's constant companion , have be turn around so that mindy can just see it from where she 's work , although the sound have be turn off in deference to Rose . at the moment there seem to be a detailed analysis of the difference between raby and the new strain of disease hold the city in thrall , complete with microphotography , in progress . int . mindy'' bedroom -- night Rose take the compress from she forehead and place it carefully on the night table . she slip out of bed and begin to rummage around in the closet for she clothes . ext . downtown STREET -- night read drive cypher 's station wagon along a downtown street on he way to mindy 's . there be more people on this particular street than the one he and cypher first encounter . in fact , be it not for the heavily armed soldier place at several strategic point and the single guard garbage truck make its round , all would seem normal . the sound of sporadic gunfire in the distance seem to have be accept as everyday fare by everybody . but read 's focus of attention be on the car radio . he have be listen to a analysis of the possible origin of the disease and the information he 's get be disturbing he . the voice on the radio be that of Dr. royce gentry . gentry ( v.o. ) and so after use some rather elaborate tracking procedure and apply they to a map , we find that the disease do in fact seem to have a very specific place of origin . interviewer ( v.o. ) which be ...? gentry ( v.o. ) which be the keloid Clinic of cosmetic surgery , a few mile outside the town of camelford . you can see with you own eye how everything have spread out from there in geometrically increase proportion . now this pattern , in conjunction with some of we other statistic , indicate that there be a strong possibility that there be a special factor at work in the spread of the disease . interviewer ( v.o. ) you mean a carrier . gentry ( v.o. ) well , at the risk of set off a futile witch hunt ... yes . someone like the infamous typhoid Mary who incubate the disease and transmit it , but be herself immune to it . interviewer ( v.o. ) what be they do at the keloid Clinic , Dr. gentry ? gentry ( v.o. ) we have run into a certain amount of difficulty ascertain what exactly be go on there . we know what it be not . it have nothing to do with germ warfare or the like ... no secret government contract ... read 's concentration be suddenly shattered by a movement he catch in the corner of he rear-view mirror as he wait for a light to change . a crazy -- a man in he forty wear a scarf and glove but no coat -- break out from between two building just behind read 's car and head for the cluster of people crossing at the light . read watch the man brush by the car as though watch the scene on television . the people in the crosswalk scatter at the crazy 's approach . the sniper on top of the garbage truck have he safely in he crosshair and squeeze off a shot . the crazy hurtle against the hood of the station wagon as though fall from a building and bounce off and on to the road . before read can drive off , two garbage man run toward he from the garbage truck . one of they hold up he hand for read to wait . he produce a spray bottle from under he white jumpsuit and spray the crazy 's blood that have spatter the car 's hood . then he wave read on . read put he windshield wiper on . int . mindy'' apartment -- night Rose be dress and try to steal out the front door when mindy hear she from the kitchen . mindy ( 0o.s. ) Rose ? be you awake ? Rose yank open the door and have one foot out the door when mindy appear around the corner with a dish of sauce in she hand . mindy oh , no . Rose ! you can not ! it 's dangerous out there ! mindy bang the plate down on top of a stereo speaker and run after Rose . she catch she a few step out the door and haul she back inside , swinging the door shut again with she foot . the door do not lock . Rose be whimper and weak . she start to sink to the floor , and mindy , not strong enough to hold she up , go with she . rose mindy , mindy . I do not want it to be you . mindy hug Rose tightly , rock she back and forth . mindy of course it should be I . who else but you best friend , Rose ? I will take care of you . rose ( pause ) oh , mindy , I ache all over . I be hurt from the inside out . mindy well then , what you need be a nice , deep , hot bath . it will seep in and relax you from the outside in . she start to unbutton Rose 's shirt . Rose do not resist . ext . mindy'' apartment build -- night read park the station wagon in front of mindy 's building and get out . he sprint up the front step . int . apartment corridor -- night read emerge from the elevator at the end of the corridor and walk purposefully past the row of door until he reach mindy 's . he reach for the door . he notice that it 's ajar and pull back he hand at the last minute . he take a deep breath , then kick open the door . int . mindy'' apartment -- night as the front door of mindy 's apartment slam open , read be confront by the bizarre spectacle of Rose hunch over mindy 's prostrate form , suck blood from the large vein in one of mindy 's arm . the instant the door slam open , Rose pull she blood-suck organ out of mindy 's arm and try to hide it with she right hand . the organ , still drip blood , slide back up under she arm into its sheath . the half - conscious mindy put she hand over the hole in she arm and mumble incoherently . as read approach , Rose back away , slip she leave arm back into she shirt and fumble with the button . Rose now look flushed and healthy , excited and alive . rose ( quietly ) it 's not my fault . it 's not my fault . read it 's you . you be the one . it 's be you all along . rose what be you talk about ? read you carry the plague . you have kill hundred of people . rose no ... no ... you do not know what you be talk about . I be still I . I be still Rose . read what do they do to you at the clinic ? what do they turn you into ? rose ( suddenly angry ) I have to have blood . it 's all I can eat . and it 's you fault , not mine . it 's you fault ! read take three quick step and grab Rose by the shoulder . she shrink away from he as though he be the monster . read there must be some way to fix this ... we will go to the police ... we will go to the hospital ... Rose twist out of read 's grasp and run for the front door . read turn and run after she , almost trip over mindy . Rose make it out the door before read can catch she . int . apartment corridor -- night read chase Rose down the corridor . read Rose , I be sorry ... wait ! wait ! int . stairwell -- night read finally manage to catch Rose at the top of the stairwell . they struggle . read Rose , listen to I . you be right . we be in it together . we will figure it all out together ... as they struggle , Rose somehow smashes read in the face with she elbow and he go crash backwards down the flight of stair , hit he head several time on the metal step as he go . she watch in horror as read fall , then stand freeze for several heartbeat after he have land in a crumpled heap at the bottom of the stair . she run down after he and kneel beside he . he have a few large bruise on he forehead and temple but be still breathe . Rose touch he lip with she finger briefly , then get up and continue down the stair . ext . entrance of mindy'' apartment -- night Rose open the front door of the apartment building and step out on to the front step , bewilder . there she see a man with a mustache sifting through a handful of letter on the bottom step . he look up at the sound of the door open . mustachioed man can I help you ? I have see you around before , have not I ? I just move out of this building . they keep send my mail here . rose I ... yes , I be a friend of mindy Kent . I be suppose to meet she here , but she must have go out . mustachioed man well , it 's not safe to walk the street this day , not for a while , anyway . can I escort you somewhere ? have you be vaccinate ? no ? I neither . my brother tell I he have to line up for three hour . who 's get time ? rose listen ... I need a place to stay tonight . at least until mindy show up . could I stay with you ? for a little while ? mustachioed man ( slightly flustered ) I , ah ... guess you could . I be a single guy , you know . we would be alone . ( pause ) that do not bother you ? Rose shake she head , wide - eye and innocent . mustachioed man I be a nice guy , too . c'mon . my car 's just down the street . dissolve to : ext . apartment -- night night have fall over mindy 's apartment and the street be dark and completely desert . int . stairwell -- night read be only now regain consciousness in the damp apartment stairwell . he rub he neck and gradually manage to get to he foot . the top of the stair look as though it 's a mile away . read begin to climb the stair , one painful step at a time . int . corridor -- night as read stagger down the corridor , he hear a telephone begin to ring in the distance . the ringing get louder and , somehow , more persistent as he get closer to mindy 's door . int . mindy'' apartment -- night the telephone be patiently ringing in mindy 's apartment , as though wait for read to answer it . he enter the apartment and take a quick look around for sign of mindy . the place be empty . he swing the door shut and lock it . only then do he turn to the phone . read answer the telephone . read hello ? int . mustache's apartment -- night Rose have lock herself into the single man 's apartment and sly a heavy table across the door . the single man sit slump in a old wingback chair , he cheek bloody , he eye close . Rose have turn out all the light in the apartment except for a small mood light near the telephone , which sit on a end table by a victorian velvet sofa . she speak quietly into the receiver , as though not want to wake the mustachioe man . rose it 's I , hart . I be glad I manage to get you . be you all right ? do I hurt you ? read ( v.o. ) Rose , where be you ? we should be together . please , tell I where you be . rose well , what you say to I hurt I . it scared I . it scared I because I suddenly know you might be right . and if you be right , about my be a carrier , I mean ... then I ... I murder mindy . I murder a lot of people . read ( v.o. ) Rose , listen to I ... no court of law would convict you ... rose so I decide to try a little experiment to prove that you be wrong about all that . you see ? I be be very positive , be not I ? read ( v.o. ) there 's no reason for you to put yourself through anything like this ... rose so I find myself a partner for my experiment , a single guy , real normal and real healthy , and I take a little of he blood ... just a bit ... and I have lock myself in with he . and I be go to stay here with he until I be sure he 's not go to get sick . and then I will know that I be not the one who start it all . int . mindy'' apartment -- night read Rose , you have get to tell I where you be . you be commit suicide . rose ( v.o. ) hart , I just want you to be with I over the phone ... just until I find out one way or the other . we can live together over the phone for a while . we can do that , can not we ? read oh , god. Rose , how long ago do you ... take blood from the man you be with ? how long ago ? rose ( v.o. ) six hour . maybe seven . read Rose , you have get to get out of there . int . mustache's apartment -- night as read talk , Rose hear a sound behind she . she turn to see a shadow rise out of the chair behind she . the shadow seem immense . read ( v.o. ) please , Rose , just drop the phone and walk over to the door and run outta that place as fast as you can . you be not give either of we a chance to think . we do not need this pressure ... everything 's so confuse ... we have get to just clear a space where we can be alone and sit down and talk about everything and figure out what to do ... Rose ? get out of there , get out right now ! the shadow approach Rose , who lie as still as death on the sofa . the single man be finally catch by the edge of the mood light 's glow , and Rose can see the dead black eye , the drool green saliva , the slack , hungry lip . rose hart ... I be afraid ! the single man lunge for Rose 's throat . int . mindy'' apartment -- night read scream into the phone . read Rose ! Rose ! he be in agony as he hear the sound of Rose be tear apart at the other end of the line , but he be unable to take the receiver away from he ear , unable to desert Rose in she final moment . he scream insanely into the phone , this time incoherently , try to make it stop , try to cover it up . but it do not stop . ext . downtown intersection -- dawn in the chill of early morning , a armed garbage truck move through the city collect body leave in the aftermath of the night 's anonymous violence . dissolve to : ext . mindy'' STREET -- dawn on mindy 's street , just a few block away from mindy 's apartment , a garbage truck stop to collect a body cover with dry blood that have be drag out on to the front step of a apartment building . before the garbage man can get the body , the sniper on the roof have to shoot a dog who be sniff at the body . the garbage man be then able to get to the body , spray it with disinfectant , spray the dog 's body , and drag they back to the truck 's compressor . as the body be dumped into the back of the truck , we see that it be possibly Rose 's . the end