rachel getting married written by Jenny lumet 1 ext . halfway house porch . day 1 kym , a darkly beautiful girl in she early 20' , be smoking furiously on the porch of a urban halfway house . she glance impatiently at she watch and press she ear to she cell phone . as she exhales , we hear the rumble of thunder . irritate , she cram she cell phone into she bag . rosa a halfway house staff nurse be patiently handle walter , a irate patient who be screeching ... walter I want my fuck Zippo now ! walter start yanking at he hair . rosa walter , that be a behavior ... walter ( rake he nail against he forearm ) fuck you ! rosa and you be make a choice . her cell phone ring ... rosa ( to walter ) hold on ... hello ? walter God ! kym do not you get it yet , waldo ? she 's make a choice not to give you you lighter because you will torch the self - help library again . walter I be walter . kill anybody recently ? run anybody over with a fuck car ? kym grind she cigarette under she heel and blow smoke but give no signal that she 's hear anything . she yank she cell phone out of she bag as ... a tan mercede station wagon pull up in front of the House . ( continued ) 2 . 1 continued : 1 rosa ( to kym ) that they ? kym yes. finally . Rosa take two of kym 's several bag . they be oddly match . a coach tote , a fake prada , a gristede bag , and a World Wildlife Fund tote bag . walter you be not let she get behind the wheel be you ? be you ? rosa walter , you be only responsible for yourself . ( to kym ) this be all you stuff ? kym you know you never give I you cell number . rosa ( sotto ) it be a mistake . I be lucky I do not get fire . we have discuss this . ( she offer she hand ) good luck . kym do not appear to have hear she but she shake the hand barely ... so very , very faintly . kym 's dad , paul buchman , a tired , prosperous man in he late 50' step around the car and trot up the porch step . he be wear a big smile and he glass be foggy . they hug . kym talk rapidly over he shoulder ... kym oh my god . here you be . I think you be go to abandon I in rehab . it 's 12:30 . you guy be half a hour late . I have be stand here with this lunatic . you look so great . Paul offer he hand to Rosa . paul hello . I be Paul buchman . ( continued ) 3. 1 continued : 1 rosa I be Rosa . we meet last time you come up . paul ( do not remember ) of course , of course . kym let 's go , let 's go . where be everybody ? carol , a handsome woman in she 40' , wave from the car . kym ( loudly ) hey Carol . how be ya ? carol hello kym . kym so where 's Rachel ? Carol , where 's Rachel ? kym slide into the back seat as Paul load the car . carol get everything ready at the house . paul there be so much go on at the house I can not tell you . you know you sister 's do all of it herself . kym ( eyeing the rearview mirror as she arrange she bang ) my sister be bend the environment to she will ? really ? paul no wedding planner or anything like that . just she and sidney and a lot of they friend . she be so thrilled you be here . be that everything , sweetheart ? ( continued ) 4. 1 continued : 1 kym ( distractedly , rifling through she bag ) yah . can we go ? carol be there anyone you want to say goodbye to ? kym God no . 2 ext. / int . transitional shot . day 2 the station wagon travel through a constantly change series of environment as they journey out of New York City on they drive to suburban Connecticut . right away though , kym light up a cigarette and Paul and Carol crank they window . kym so be all this busy young wedding helper stay at the house ? because after eight month of constantly revolve cell mate and crazy people ... paul you be not in a cell , kym ... kym ... and group group group ... paul ... and nobody be crazy , nobody be in a rubber room ... kym ... I be look forward to a little privacy for once . carol the only extra person stay at the house be Emma , who 's actually be stay in you old room . but she can move , I guess . kym Rachel and Emma . oh , great . how relax . ( more ) ( continued ) 5 . 2 continued : 2 kym ( cont would ) the only two people on the planet less capable of delegate than hannibal ! on the eve of a wedding ! nachtmare . carol nachtmare ? paul it 's a nightmare so bad it 's in german . kym Rachel must be totally freaking out . be she too tense ?... paul she 's a wigwam ! kym ( right on top of he , rifling through she bag again ) ... be she eat ? or be all she latent food issue rear they head ? be she hoard snicker and cool whip under the bed like in high school ? she never do put that one to sleep . paul ( genuine ) I do not think that that 's a problem for she . kym no offense , dad , but you never think that be a problem for she . I be kid . it will be great to see she . foodies be the worst , though . they never get it together . there be six of they on my floor in the hospital and you could never get into the bathroom . they would cry at the chocolate pudding and one of they be a guy . I can not wait to see Mom . ( continued ) 6 . 2 continued : 2 paul you will see she and Andrew at the rehearsal dinner tonight . kym can we stop at the 7 /11 please ? I feel nauseous . I need something to drink . carol I bring you a diet Coke . she offer the can . ( continued ) 7. 2 continued : 2 kym I prefer pepsi from the fountain . 3 ext . mini -mart parking lot . day . 3 Carol look at Paul . he be fiddling with the dashboard . 4 int . mini -mart . day . 4 kym fill she Big gulp at the fountain and pay at the counter . the counter girl give she change . counter girl I see you on cop . kym appear not to have hear . she pocket she change and leave . 5 int . station wagon . day . 5 as Paul drive through a bucolic , well - to - do neighborhood feature a beautiful old church . 6 ext . the buchman house . day . 6 the station wagon pull into a circular driveway line with tree and bush of beautiful blue hydrangea . there be several late model car park in the driveway of the sprawling , shingle house . Young people crawl everywhere in the midst of wedding preparation , wrapping garland and hang paper lantern . a little girl toss rise petal in the swim pool . the atmosphere be slightly punch drunk and friendly . Paul unload kym 's bag . kym I will do it , dad . she do not . 8. 7 int . buchman live room . day . 7 kym charge into the house where norman sklear and more friend of Rachel be decorate . they stare at she as she run up the stair to the second floor . camera run all the way up with her . we hear ... rachel's voice off can we raise this hem half a inch ? emma's voice off yeah , yeah . here , let I just ... 8 int . upstair . day . continuous -- 8 kym slam open the master bedroom door and find she older sister , rachel , try on she wedding dress with the help of she best friend emma . radiant and sexy , Rachel glow like a angel in she creamy white and gold sari . Emma have pin in she mouth and a tape measure around she neck . kym oh my god , you be just mi-nute ! rachel kymmie ! emma ( to kym ) you can not smoke in here -- Rachel and kym squeal and embrace . Rachel be slightly awkward as Emma frantically try to keep the billow fabric from combustion . kym ow ! rachel I have pin all over I . you look great ! kym I be fat . rehab make you fat . all the vend machine . look at you , missy ! I would swear to god you be puke again ! ( continued ) 9 . 8 continued : 8 rachel hah ! emma kym ! kym Emma ! ( to Rachel ) no seriously , you be so tiny it 's like you be asian . dad want we to sleep in the same room so you will be able to watch I while he 's asleep and I will not sneak out of the house and blow dealer and shoot heroin . rachel dad do not say " blow dealer . " kym I tell he I would just sleep in ethan 's room . beat . rachel you can always shoot up in the tree house . kym laugh . a little too loud . emma kym , I be not remotely surprised you be start you drama already , however it 's Rachel 's wedding and this week it 's about she . kym Emma , you still have you tiny core of rage ! what a relief . kym flop on the bed and gaze adoringly at she sister for a moment . Rachel beam back . kym so be you a actual shrink yet ? even though you be like twelve year old ? emma psychology . not psychiatry . you know the difference , right ? ( continued ) 10 . 8 continued : 8 kym you should prescribe something soothing for Emma . like vicodin . rachel I will have my phd. in a year and a half . and psychologist do not get prescription pad , right kym ? kym they do in guam . rachel would you please put that out ? Emma design this dress and there 's forty - seven yard of it and I will go up like the hindenburg . kym take a last drag even though she 's down to the filter , then flush the butt down the toilet in the tiny bathroom . kym ( over the flush toilet ) since when be you a designer , Emma ? emma a while . rachel she have this great little boutique in greenwich . she say thing like " you need a fabulous jersey pant . " kym that 's so great . I think I hear that . be not this you fifth incarnation or something ? be not you a actress ? all the n.e.d. 's in the hospital be actress ... emma n.e.d.s ? rachel non-specified eat disorder . kym ... they be constantly do leg lift under the sheet . ( continued ) 11 . 8 continued : 8 rachel Angela paylin be come to the wedding . kym ( right on top of she ) I eat so much cookie dough and do so many whip - its with Angela paylin . rachel I know . and she confess to you she secret elvis stoyko fantasy . I spy on you . kym oh my god ... emma elvis stoyko the figure skater ? rachel in she fantasy , she be wear she hair up and very serious , responsible eyeglass , because she be a world renowned judge at the Winter Olympic for Men 's figure skate . and elvis stoyko be skate in the final to " could it be Magic " for the gold medal . and just when Barry manilow be sing " now / now / now and hold on fast ... " there 's this electric connection between they and he stop in the middle of he triple lutz ... axel ... kym and he skate over to the judge table , all panting and sweaty , with he spangly Neil diamond shirt open to the chest ... rachel there be silence as he stop in front of she , they eye lock , and he reach for she hand ... and Angela take it ! kym to the roar of the crowd and the shock of the Olympic judge ! ( more ) ( continued ) 12 . 8 continued : 8 kym ( cont would ) and he pull she out of she chair , undoe she hair , and they skate as a pair to the rest of the song ! rachel and he get disqualified but he do not care ! emma where would she get the skate from ? they collapse in laughter . kym study she ass in the mirror . kym I should call she right this second . be she really come ? who be all this energetic young people decorate the house ? emma she 's get everyone she know pull elf duty . kym ( squinting at she ass ) what about I ? what be I do ? Rachel and Emma exchange a look . kym hello ? rachel well , I think you will be assist on floral detail . I want everything all drippy and luxurious and Mom 's a little bit tasteful -- kym -- Mom 's in charge of flower ? rachel -- and I do not want to upset she . emma ( to kym ) and you be such a diplomat . ( continued ) 13 . 8 continued : 8 kym I be . I be like kofi annan . in rehab they say I be the maternal hub of my peer group . I be always the referee for softball . Rachel snort . kym I be . I be the only one who could convince the methamphetamine freak that no one be chase they when they run around the basis . emma it 's softball . someone be chase they . kym whatever . they have trust issue in the first place . I be go downstairs to find olive and get some unconditional love . kym swan out of the room . kym anyway , I be do some lighting . I already get the candle and everything . Rachel and Emma share a look . kym ( cont 'd ) forget Mom and I and the fuck flower . 9 int . upstair hallway . day . 9 kym cross the hall to ethan's room and open the door . kym speak of daw , when be I go to meet this fiancee of yours anyway ? rachel voice off he go to get stuff with kieran . they will be back . 14 . 10 int . ethan's room . day . 10 a little boy 's bedroom . pale blue . a single bed , a window , some game . some stuff in box . not a mausoleum . kym enter ethan 's room . she stand there look around . she take a moment ... 11 int . upstair hallway . day . 11 kym wander the upstairs hallway ... the wind corridor be a little spooky , despite the openness and light , it feel haunt up here ... look into she old bedroom , see Emma 's stuff inside . 12 int . upstair hallway . day . -- looking down -- 12 Paul come to the bottom of the stair , yell up . paul I be make hot dog and hungabungas ! who want what ?! Rachel and Emma shout back down . rachel it 's too hot ! emma I do not eat gluten , Paul ! paul what do not you eat ?! emma gluten ! paul where 's kym ? kym appear , down the back stairway , behind Paul , not shouting ... kym here . rachel besides I be in my dress ! ( continued ) 15 . 12 continued : 12 paul ooo ! can I see ?! Paul start up the stair . rachel / emma no ! paul okay , okay ! Paul have stop half way up the stair . he turn to kym , beam at she . paul kymmie , what can I make you ? kym actually there 's a meeting I have to make . and I have to pee in a cup . and register as a general biohazard . paul I will drive you . kym ( head downstairs ) just tell I which car I should take . Paul do not say anything . Carol float to Paul 's side . kym which car ? paul would you do I a favor , kymmie ...? kym I have a license ... paul you would not believe my insurance . and I be not ... that comfortable . could we figure something else out ? 13 ext . village community CENTER ( church ) . day . 13 kym pedale up on a bouncy , high tech racing bike that be far too big for she . she bang herself in the crotch as she dismount . ( continued ) 15a . 13 continued : 13 kym ow ! 16 . 14 int . community CENTER reception area . day . 14 kym hello ? hello ? kym stop a baby - face nurse . kym hi. I be here to pee in a cup . nurse ( over she shoulder ) she need to pee in a cup . ( back to kym ) someone will be right with you . kym okay . I be try to get to a meeting . nurse the meeting be over in the other building . kym I know that . nurse someone will be right with you . have a seat . several people be wait in chair . they look at kym . 15 int . community CENTER bathroom . day . 15 a different nurse be wait by the sink examine she tooth in the mirror . kym bang open the door of she stall with she foot . the door swing back and kym spill she sample all over herself . kym piss ! 16 ext . community CENTER . day . 16 as she run up the outside staircase kym wipe at she shirt with a wet paper towel . she yank open the door and a bird poop on she . kym shit ! 17 . 17 int . community CENTER meeting room . day . 17 narcotics anonymous meeting . chair , light . a attractive guy be share . kym slam in , frazzle and late . a few people look at she as she grab a fold chair from a stack lean against the wall and the other chair slide to the floor with a huge clatter . kym cocksucker ! attractive guy only once . my dealer . I be really break . the room break up . kym struggle to rearrange the fall chair . she be piss . attractive guy let 's see ... that be Tuesday ... 18 int . community CENTER meeting room . later . 18 pastor mel , a guest speaker , share detail of he struggle inside the " 12 step " process . kym , like everyone present , be rivete . 19 omitted 19 20 omitted 20 18. 21 ext . buchman house . day . 21 sweaty and feed up with Carol 's bike , kym cycle into the buchman driveway . Paul have be watch for she out the kitchen window while do dish . he wave and yell to he wife . paul Carol , she 's here ! kym where do you think I be ? paul I make you a sandwich , sweetheart ! meatloaf ! kym 's shoulder slump . watch from a upstairs window , Rachel observe kym wheel the bike up the driveway and Paul hurry from the kitchen to meet she , carry a meat loaf sandwich and a glass of milk . there be a awkward exchange of item . Paul hug and mush kym and kiss she on the forehead . Rachel open the window , call down . rachel kymberly ! 22 ext . buchman backyard . day . 22 fiancee sidney , sexy , compact , thirty , and best man kieran , be string light all over the house and yard . kieran be on a ladder . he be the same attractive guy from the meeting . sidney be completely wrap , chest to knee , in twinkly white light and he unspool himself as need . Rachel arrive with kym who be hold the aircraft carrier size meatloaf sandwich that 's ooze lettuce and ketchup and the enormous glass of milk . she hold they both like they be suspend in formaldehyde . Emma be work on she tan . rachel no . you guy be not get my design concept . ( more ) ( continued ) 19 . 22 continued : 22 rachel ( cont would ) I want every single light to represent a different one night stand during the misspent youth of kris kringle before he stop whore around and become Santa Claus . sidney oh . I think you say Satan Claus . kieran I think she say panty hose . or Panda claw . emma pandas be endangered . rachel I know . we be have a endangered Panda flee for its life for the ice sculpture . or impale itself on some bamboo . kym ! this be sidney Williams , my betrothed . sidney , meet my sister , kym . kym oh my god . you be black . ( to Rachel ) sorry I call he a dawg . rachel that 's fine . sidney no biggie . kym you do not look like a record producer . you be suppose to have a hapless lackey next to you with a umbrella . sidney usually I do , but Mom 's out simonize my car . funny , you do not look like lucifer 's cupbearer . kym ( finger a lock of hair ) I get a haircut . kym give Emma a look . Emma smile sweetly . ( continued ) 20 . 22 continued : 22 Rachel gesture up the ladder . rachel and this be best man kieran . kym look up the ladder at kieran . kym hey . kieran hi there . 23 int . basement . day . 23 kym and kieran , have sex in the cavernous basement . it run practically the length of the house and there be nook and cave everywhere . a ancient sofa , riddled with cigarette burn , some futon , drag down and throw haphazardly in corner , unicorn poster hideously and pornographically deface , and squat jar of ancient household product ( oil of olay , self tanner ) fill with cigarette butt offer proof of year of inhabitation . later -- kym light up . kieran well , that be so wrong -- kym gee , thanks ! kieran no , believe I , that be so lovely , lovely ! but in the program -- as you know -- and we just hear earlier today in fact -- kym it be kind of lurid , be not it ? the best man and the may of honor ... furtively slip off to the coal bin to have it off while the rest of the wedding party labor away at preparation for the big event . ( continued ) 21 . 23 continued : 23 kieran I think ... be not Emma go to be play that role ? kym what ? kieran " maid of honor " ? kym oh . kieran I think I hear that be the plan . 22. 24 int . high -end indian clothing boutique . day . 24 a lavish bollywood soundtrack plays as Emma wrap kym in lilac fabric for she sari-esque bridesmay 's dress . kym examine herself in the mirror of the private salon . the girl look like jewel against the lush fabric , pillow and curtain . Rachel sit at a vanity try on dangle earring and shake she head gently , the gem glimmer and sparkle . rachel be not the lilac fabulous ? you look like a freesia . kym ( to Rachel ) I love the grey . emma we be all wear lilac . kym ( heedless , grab the grey fabric ) look at this . I love this . it 's like a cloud . Emma look at Rachel . kym you guy know how I be . I never wear lilac . emma it 's good to have a principle . kym ignore she . rachel you wear a lilac sweater with a cat face on it on the cover of seventeen Magazine when I be at fat Camp . kym sure , but I get pay for that and I be on horse tranquilizers . so why be not I the maid of honor ? why be Emma the maid of honor ? rachel because . ( continued ) 23. 24 continued : 24 kym what do that mean ? rachel I be not entirely sure when you be come or even if you would make it . kym look sharply at she . rachel I be not sure if you would have time for a fitting . kym bullshit . it 's a sari . you take a bolt of cloth and wrap it around you . Jesus Christ I have be home one day and I can not get a straight answer out of anybody . rachel what be you talk about ? kym I be talk about dad offer I food every ten second ... rachel dad offer irish Hunger striker food every ten second . kym no . he have to know where I be and what I be do all the time because he have never resolve he own trust issue . emma that 's odd . kym shut up . emma blow I . rachel oh , leave dad alone . ( continued ) 24 . 24 continued : 24 kym I would love to but he will not let I . I feel he watch I all the time . and Carol and you guy too . emma I know I have nothing better to think about . kym everybody 's look at I like I be the visit sociopath . what be you people wait for I to do ? burn the house down ? they both look at she . kym that be a mattress fire and it be not even at home ! it be on a sleep over ! God ! I should just get hazmat tattooe on my forehead for you people . rachel stop ! you be like a harpy . be be my " maid of honor " this important to you ? I do not think you give a shit . beat . kym how could you fuck say that to I ? rachel Jesus . Emma ! emma what ? rachel Emma , would you be horribly offended and hurt if I ask you to step down as ... ( exaggerated , practically with quote finger ) ... " maid of honor ? " emma yes . ( continued ) 25 . 24 continued : 24 kym now Emma 's get another reason to hate I . like she need one . emma be it what you want ? for a instant , conflict and pain flicker over Rachel 's sweet face . rachel not really . emma Fine . the crown be yours , first runner up. kym thank you , Emma . no , thank you . emma it 's not about you . kym it 's about sisterhood . emma hooray for sisterhood . kym sisterhood conquer all . rachel and bludgeon all and pillage all and leave all for dead . kym ( return to mirror ) so the gray be not a option ? 25 int . ukrainian museum . night . 25 the rehearsal dinner -- " the rehearsal " component be in full swing amidst elegant diorama and display of ukrainian folk art saint , traditional costume , a skillion paint egg , the mount head of indigenous ukrainian animal , and the plaster bust of ukrainian pope . the audience of reveler be cluster at one end of the room with drink and appetizer , while at the other end , various friend take they shot at a brief rehearsal . ( continued ) 25a . 25 continued : 25 Old friend norman sklear be emcee the line - up -- he be currently at the mike with a funny improv base on really disastrous wedding he have know . everybody be laugh . ( continued ) 26 . 25 continued : 25 Paul , Carol , a few of Paul 's close record biz friend ( include a cult luminary or two ) ; mr. and mrs . william ( sidney 's mom and dad ) , sister kayra , grandmother herreast , and cousin joseph gonzale ( in US Army dress uniform , home on leave from Iraq ) blend easily with the young crowd . cousin Joseph be always filming with he own camcorder . quick cut -- other rehearsal moment such as a teenaged guitar / drum duo blow out " here come the bride " ; gaida 's Arabic wedding song ; ukrainian al ( the in -house music director ) get the woman to chant " Rachel " and the man to chant " sidney " ancient european - stylee ; zafer tee 's exquisitely heartbreaking improvise violin solo ; dorian lovejoy 's Rachel / sidney freestyle rap , etc. deliver to a breathtaking saxophone solo entitle " sidney love Rachel " by ( the real ) donald harrison JR . Harrison 's toast to Paul , he beautiful family , and the memory of many memorable night of music in the buchman house while the kid be grow up draw huge applause , powering into -- 26 int . ukrainian museum dine hall . night . 26 the dinner -- the forty - odd guest be now seat in a adjoin room at long table laden with a gorgeous indian feast . yellow rice , red curry , vivid green and orange vegetable dish , pink shrimp . huge plate of dosa and brinjal . candle flicker in lantern shape like lotus . photogenically stylish young server dress elegantly in black and white hover around the family and friend as everybody make total pig of themselves . the indian feast contrast agreeably with the ukrainian visual . evocative bollywood music provide the soundtrack . kym , wander on along the table like a nomad , wedge herself between sidney and Rachel . Emma grab a empty wine glass before kym knock it over . kym I do not know anybody at what 's obviously the loser end of the table . can I have you chana masala ? without wait for a response , kym dive in with she naan . rachel you have know most of that people since the eighth grade . you always pretend you do not know people . ( continued ) 27 . 26 continued : 26 emma be it because you owe they money ? kym where 's Mom ? where 's we mother ? how could she not be here already ? I have not even see she since I have be home . sidney she call a few time . she 's " run a little late but should be here soon . " kym ( stuff naan in she mouth ) GOD !!!! she try to catch a piece of Fish tikka in she mouth and miss . emma kieran would you like some more saag paneer ? kieran no thanks . be there any krill ? Emma blink . kieran just kid . kym I can not believe Mom would be late for my release back into the wild . emma and here I be think tonight be about Rachel ! sidney rach , I forget to tell you , Carol get the helium tank . kym the word " Carol " and " helium " somehow ... rachel be not there some rule about helium tank ? ( continued ) 28 . 26 continued : 26 kym ( snort ) she would not have any idea what to do with a helium tank . sidney only on public property . I think . k? kieran huge liability . kym you be a lawyer ? kieran be . for about five minute . kym say something legal . kieran tort . kym so what do you do now ? kieran I help sidney out with the business side of he stuff . kym sweet . rachel here 's Mom . the girl clamber up . kym brushes curry off Rachel 's shirt . ABBY , the girl 's mom , and andrew , she husband , enter the dining room . Abby be a beautiful , wise woman in she fifty . elegant , ladylike and graceful . Andrew look foxy in he abby-select armani , but he have the shoulder and knuckle of a heavyweight . as the girl approach , Abby acknowledge Paul across the room but make no move to go beyond a exchange of long distance little wave and tight smile . ABBY ( to Rachel , embrace ) hello , darling . a big hug . she turn to kym . ( continued ) 29 . 26 continued : 26 ABBY kym ! do you get my note ? they embrace . Abby step back but keep she hand on kym 's shoulder . ABBY you look beautiful . kym I be fat . rehab make you fat . ABBY nonsense . you girl . andrew hiya kym . you look great ! hey Rachel ! he kiss kym on the cheek . Rachel give he a big hug . rachel Mom , where have you be ? be everything okay ? kym wow . we be wonder if you get the date scramble . Abby step towards she daughter , take they in . ABBY yes , everything be absolutely fine now . kym thank god . what a relief ! now the party can really get start . Abby and Rachel look quickly at kym . kym ( lighting a cigarette ) so Mom , you look great . ABBY darling , can you smoke that in here ? ( continued ) 29a . 26 continued : 26 kym it 's a private party , Mom . how 's grandma ? still surly and irascible ? ( continued ) 30 . 26 continued : 26 ABBY oh , you know how she be . she send she love . kym great . same . kym drag on she cigarette like it 's the last coca cola in the desert . ABBY honey , you should really put that out . it 's not right . you know that . kym Fine . 27 int . ukrainian museum dine hall . night . later . 27 kieran be make a toast . dinner be mostly over . waiter be discreetly clear plate , etc. from the table , pour more drink . kieran ( something like ) I have know sidney most of my life . he personify many of life 's grandest cliches , even as he breathes fresh life into most of they . he have never , ever " cease to amaze I , " and only in the best of way . the magnitude of he artistry and he business acumen be matter of public record and delight . he 's be a great friend " through thick and thin , " and sometimes it 's get very , very thin -- but he " stand by I " at all time , so it be my privilege and honor to stand by he on this profound occasion ... time CUT -- Emma rise and bang she glass with she spoon . it shatter . rachel you be pay for that , Emma . emma of course . I would like to make a toast to the happy couple because I want to come visit they in Hawaii . ( more ) ( continued ) 30a . 27 continued : 27 emma ( cont would ) sidney what 's the name of that place again ? sidney humuu-humuu nukku-nukuu ... kieran a- pu- aa - aa . ( continued ) 31 . 27 continued : 27 sidney kiss kieran on the cheek . kym ( sharply , to she sister ) you be move to Hawaii ? rachel sidney 's recording studio be there . kym , stung , exhales a plume of smoke . emma I have know the bride she entire life . not biblically , except for that one time we french kiss at Evan yassky 's party in the ninth grade . sidney Film ! I want film ! whoops and holler . emma commence embarrassing story . rachel that be not it ? emma rach , do you remember the time I be teach you to drive in the wagoneer and you sideswipe that taxi driver and knock off he side mirror ? rachel I have no memory of that whatsoever . emma do you remember try to outrun he and lead he on a high speed chase across 96th street ? rachel gotta say no . ( continued ) 32 . 27 continued : 27 emma well I would like to share with everyone that miss Rachel - before she get she license or even have any idea how to drive - out maneuver a irate , scream cab driver across 96th street to the East river , handily avoid two emt guy load a old lady on a gurney , while at the same time , apply cocofudge lip gloss in the rearview mirror . bravos all around . emma wait , wait . she actually get the number of one of the e.m.t guy and go out with he . twice . kym ( loudly ) be that the guy with the peroxide hair ? Abby , not look at she daughter , shush she . emma anyway , when the taxi driver finally catch up with we , Rachel talk he down from he Middle Eastern fury in pretend farsi , and end up use he radio thing to call he dispatcher and recommend this guy for a commendation . rachel mahamoud ! such a nice man . emma we be drive so fast ! it be one of the more exhilate moment in my life ... sadly ... but I know that miss Rachel would make it okay . so here 's to you , my dear , dear friend . a woman who can drive fast , pick up a paramedic , make up language and get you home in one piece . sidney , you be a lucky bastard . sidney hear hear . ( continued ) 33. 27 continued : 27 rachel where ? where ? Abby smile broadly at Rachel and blow she a kiss . kym rise with she glass and take Emma 's place on stage . she glow in the candlelight . kym ( for the crowd ) relax , it 's seltzer . low giggle . kym ( cont 'd ) hello . I be shiva the destroyer and you harbinger of doom for the evening . I want to thank you all for come and welcome you even though I have not see most of you since my latest stretch in the Big House ... scatter low giggle . kym ( cont 'd ) you all look fabulous . during the twenty minute I be not in the hole for make a shiv out of my toothbrush , I actually do participate in the infamous 12 step program . 12 step . step -ball - change , step -ball -change . I be still wait for the change part . some guest laugh . sidney grin . Carol , Paul , Rachel , and Abby sit silently . Andrew move in towards he wife . kym ( cont 'd ) but as they say , relapse be a almost always inevitable component of recovery , God know I have get high mark in that mode ! everyone be stare at kym . kym ( cont 'd ) anyhoo , as more of you know than be likely to admit , one of the actual step be about make amend . ( more ) ( continued ) 34 . 27 continued : 27 kym ( cont 'd ) so I spend a lot of time call up people who barely remember I - who barely remember anything - and apologize to they for bounce a check or pass out in the bathtub and flooding they house , or otherwise involve they in sordid activity they be desperately try to forget . I have to call this one girl who be , I think , fourteen , but I could not talk to she because she Mom take out a restrain order . kym think this be hysterical . Paul do not . kym ( cont 'd ) anyway , I do a lot of apologize to people who be practically stranger so I very much want to take this opportunity to not only congratulate my extraordinary sister , the future explorer in matter of the mind , thank you very much , and she adorable , impending husband on the occasion of they unprecedented nuptial .. but also to apologize to my extraordinary sister , the future explorer in matter of the mind , for ... everything ! and I really mean that , Rachel . I have be a nightmare and you have be a saint . I be so damned glad I be here with you and sidney and he family and ours , and I be so happy for you guy , I really be . so , I be hereby raise my seltzer in celebration of my laudatory sister and herewith make amend . sidney , you be robbing we dysfunctional family of one of it 's most vital ingredient , and it 's only member still willing to lend I money . ( she pause for a second ) enjoy Hawaii . La chaim . she lift she glass and downs it 's content . there be a smatter of applause . kym ( cont 'd ) ( to the group ) one down . what 's for dessert ? ( continued ) 35 . 27 continued : 27 kieran stare sympathetically at kym . 28 ext . ukrainian folk museum . night . 28 guest leave . 29 omitted 29 30 int . buchman house . night . 30 kym drop into a chair in the dining room as Paul , Carol , Rachel , sidney , kieran , and Emma struggle in with several elaborately wrap wedding gift and leftover from the rehearsal dinner , which they pile on the dining room table . Rachel and sidney be have a quiet , tense exchange . kym ( to anyone , examine she split end ) I be exhaust . be there any watermelon ? carol let I see . rachel ( to kym , as if she 's joke ) Nice apology . kym what ? rachel ( again , make a joke out of it ) Nice apology . kym I be toast you and I be make amend . it 's one of the step . it 's important . rachel I know what the step be . ( continued ) 36 . 30 continued : 30 Rachel glide to the de and drag out the huge dictionary . rachel I learn they in school , and I have visit you in various facility , kym . sidney and Emma share a look . Rachel drop the dictionary on the dining room table . kym oh , god . dad ? kym look to she father . Carol return with a tray and a huge watermelon that 's be impale with a enormous kitchen knife . rachel amend . noun. often follow by ' for ' . offset a disability or frustration by development in another direction . Rachel blink at she sister . kym ( exaggerated ) yes ? rachel you have never say anything to I , that 's remotely apologetic . yet , all of a sudden , at my wedding dinner , in front of everybody , you decide to grace we all with you development ? kym Christ . I just get here . Carol hand kym a slice of watermelon . carol here . anybody else ? rachel " hey everybody ! and guest ! just in case you might be think about something else for five minute , like , I do not know , my sister 's wedding -- they just cut I loose ! ( more ) ( continued ) 37 . 30 continued : 30 rachel ( cont would ) I be a loose cannon , be that hysterical ? anyone for some rehab humor ? because I be really fine with acknowledge my disease . and now watch I be really selfless , and weave a lovely blanket apology to my sister for be a tad out of she loop . " Rachel giggle . sidney and kieran , stay out of this , exchange a glance . kym ( chew ) you be so cynical . dad , since when have she be this cynical ? paul she 's make a effort , Rachel . rachel a effort . that 's what it be ? because I think she presume that since everything have always revolve around she disease , everything else be go to revolve around she recovery . that 's what I think . paul Rachel . she just get home . rachel again . kym I have no idea you be so angry , doctor . rachel I be not . paul kymmie , you sister 's get a lot on she plate . she 's uptight about ... rachel I be not uptight , dad . ( continued ) 38 . 30 continued : 30 paul she 's meeting sidney 's folk for the first time , there 's menus , there 's all that live music , you be home , there 's a thousand thing to worry about . carol absolutely , a wedding will take it right out of you , boy . paul yeah , it would be so lovely if we could all just ... kym ( remove seed ) you people need to purge . you people really should go to nar - Anon or something . I mean it . carol oh my lord . kym , we have go through nar - Anon , baby . you know that . rachel ( turn she head ) you people ? you mean the people in this room ? you family ? kym all of you people live in this little world of judgement and paranoia and mistrust . I can feel it every second . at the slight sign of ingratitude or absence of atonement it 's like the freaking Salem witch trial around here . I might as well be ... paul ( pounce ) do not even start ... carol ( stand next to she husband ) nobody can make you feel any way unless you let they , kym . ( continued ) 39 . 30 continued : 30 kym thank you Carol , for you inevitable pearl of wisdom , but you people be my family . you people make I feel like shit a hundred time a day . you try live under dad 's constant monitoring for five minute and see how you like it . paul what constant monitoring ? kym " I will drive you ! " " Carol , she 's back ! " " do not sleep here , sleep there . " " here . eat this . " dad , you be obsessed . rachel please . that 's hardly news . you may not know this ... sure you do ... the only way to engage dad in any meaningful communication be to start the conversation with you name . " have you hear from kym ? how 's kym ? " it resuscitate he . it jar he into the moment . like a alarm . paul that 's unfair , Rachel . and completely untrue . rachel and she 's even worse ! " dad , you be never go to believe this , but I lose the car again . " " dad , you be never go to believe this , but that check you send I never show up and my landlord hate I . " " dad , can somebody meet I downstairs with cab fare and you be never go to believe this but I need to go to the emergency room and my neighbor 's suing I and my checkbook get steal ! " kym gee , rach , sound like you have some paternal / sibling issue to work through . ( continued ) 40 . 30 continued : 30 rachel be you kid ? the two of you be like a double helix of crise . in the language of psychology one could say you both suffer from acute boundary issue . paul Rachel ! it 's nice that you be get you ph.d -- rachel ( she throw up she hand . ) -- oh god -- paul -- but do not be patronize . it 's ugly . it do not become you . rachel how come she get to spout off about paternal issue , but god forbid I should even reference the " boundary thing , " even though I actually know what I be talk about ? kym ( wave she arm ) hello ? by the way ? I be not in crisis . I have not be in crisis for a year . rachel you just get out of rehab ! kym why be this so difficult for you people to understand ? it 's like you be not happy unless I be in some kind of desperate situation . you have no idea what to do with I unless I be desperate . God . why be I the only one who 's willing to say this stuff ? rachel oh , poor you . you be so much more evolve in you suffer . you know what ? you suffer be not the most important thing in the world to everybody ! ( more ) ( continued ) 41 . 30 continued : 30 rachel ( cont would ) there be billion and billion and billion of people , in nation all over the world , who never even think about you ! other people have life ! we have life ! I have a life ! I be in school . I be get marry . I be ... Rachel just stand there , not say anything . kym what ? paul what ?!! Dead silence . everyone stare at Rachel . Rachel look at sidney . sidney pass the look right back to she . rachel I be pregnant . beat , then : huge whoops and hollers !!!! everybody congratulation ! oh my god ! etc !!! Paul hug Rachel and kiss she hair . sidney and kieran hug . Emma hug Rachel and kiss sidney . hugging all around . kym be piss . Paul grab kym and Rachel , and hug both daughter at once . Rachel and kym 's face be mushed right next to each other . kym be impatient and stiff in the dread double mush . kym break from Paul 's vice - like grip . kym that be so unfair ! paul ( ecstatic ) when do you find out ? sidney roughly about the day before we decide to get marry . rachel I can barely believe it myself ! paul ( laugh , mush Rachel 's belly ) ( more ) ( continued ) 42 . 30 continued : 30 paul ( cont would ) how long ? how much pregnant ? do you tell you mother ? rachel we tell she at dinner . sidney she be so happy -- kym wait ! stop ! you can not just drop that tectonic bit of information into a completely separate conversation , Rachel . you can not do that ! rachel kym , you be go to have a niece ! sidney or a nephew ! kym oh , god . of course I be happy for you . but you can not tell I when we be talk like this . it 's a total set-up ! beat . all the energy drain out of Rachel . rachel I be so fuck exhaust . kym dad , will you tell she I be happy for she ? rachel I just ... I need to go to bed . sidney ? sidney yeah , okay . great idea . I be beat too . kym ( to Rachel ) you be leave ? in the middle of this conversation ? rachel yes . ( continued ) 43. 30 continued : 30 paul kymmie , she 's pregnant . she 's exhaust . kym of course . Fair enough . I be off to raid the medicine cabinet . kym be go . sidney she 's not serious ? everyone gather around Rachel . carol oh , Rachel darling , and sidney , I could not be happier . sidney she be not serious , be she ? paul do either of you want anything ? a sandwich ? you must be hungry . there 's cold saagwala and a little aloo gobi leave over ? rachel no thanks , dad . I really be pretty sleepy . paul you be pretty everything ! he mush she face and kiss she cheek . then he mush Carol 's face . carol Holy cow . what a day . I think I have age . I mean it . ( to Paul ) ) would you mind if I go to bed , darling ? paul ( kissing she again ) of course not . I will be up , Carol . I be just go to load the dishwasher . ( continued ) 44 . 30 continued : 30 sidney intone the open bar to Paul 's heroic " dishwasher theme " . Paul raise the cautionary finger in sidney 's direction . sidney stop with the music . carol let I help , it will be quick . now the cautionary finger be levell at Carol . paul do not mess with the King . carol okay , okay . hand in the air , Carol leave the room . kieran wow . that 's it for I too , you guy . good night everybody . kieran lay a manly , buddy hug on sidney . kieran congratulation , man . sidney thanks , my friend . kieran leave . now it 's just Rachel , Paul and sidney . Paul be beam like a klieg light . rachel I have never be so tired in my life . Paul give Rachel a kiss on the cheek and mush she face some more . rachel dad ? paul yes , sweetheart ? rachel I hope it 's okay , I tell Mom at dinner . about the baby . paul of course , lamb chop . I be so happy ! I be go to be a grandpa ! ( continued ) 45 . 30 continued : 30 sidney mush Paul and they attempt a hug and laugh and then they really hug . rachel I wish ethan be here . paul I know , sweetheart . I too . kieran' voice off that go well . 31 int . basement . night . 31 kieran and kym lie entangle in the basement , share a cigarette , dishevel . the floor of this entire section of the basement be now cover with all of the carefully arrange mattress and futon that be stack down here before . all of kym 's mismatch bag have be move down here too . there 's a little lamp there now as well but it 's not on . only one of the small , cobwebby window cast a dapple light onto the scene . kym that be such a set-up . kieran she probably do not realize she be do it . kym ha ! she 's such a operator . now I be the bad guy again . or still . kieran they be lucky to have you . kym thank you ! otherwise they would have to pay attention to they own suspicious life . nobody actually want I to actually change , you know . what would they obsess about ? I be like a bless . kieran ( laugh ) no argument from I . ( continued ) 46 . 31 continued : 31 kym dad have a actual " blueprint for rehabilitative success " at my last intervention . on graph paper . he go all out with the response , my dad . kieran not unlike this great nation in which we live . kym meanwhile a ex-heterosexual ex- boy friend of mine actually ring the door once and tell my mother , " kym be sit in she apartment ? with the shade draw ? do all this heroin and cocaine ? and I think she 's go to , like , die ? " and Mom smile and say " thank you " like he be speak in Sanskrit . kieran you can not actually speak in Sanskrit . kym exactly ! I nodd out into the poach salmon at dad 's wedding two year ago and he tell Carol he think it be jet lag . kieran I do that in soup once . it make such a mess . 32 ext . buchman house . day . 32 Saturday morning . a giant delivery truck drive slowly up the driveway , deliver the tent for tomorrow 's wedding party . 33 int . basement . day . 33 kym lead kieran through the labyrinthine room of the basement give kieran a guide tour of the subterranean world of which she be the ruler and where ethan be she loyal companion -- the secret hide - and -seek room , the mattress room , the scary little side room , etc ... CUT to : 47 . 34 ext . abby' / andrew's house . day . 34 a very stylish , very elegant , very " modern " ( in the best sense ) home , lot of grounds , lot of foliage . 35 int . abby' / andrew's house . master bedroom . day . 35 Rachel and Abby be seat on Abby 's bed , look through some family heirloom in a old alligator jewel case . Rachel be hold a ornate satin evening purse . rachel look how exquisite this be . I can not borrow this . what do you carry in here ? a vital organ ? a tiny spleen ? ABBY be not it divine ? it be grandma 's . she send she love . rachel I love the color . it 's oyster . ABBY you must promise I you will stay healthy now , Rachel . you will eat properly and get a lot of rest ? rachel yes , Mom . ABBY how be thing go at the house ? how 's sidney ? rachel Fine . ABBY and he friend ? what 's he name ? rachel kieran . ABBY he seem to be a big hit . be you sister behave herself ? ( continued ) 48 . 35 continued : 35 rachel I be not exactly sure what that mean . ABBY well , she need a lot of acknowledgement . rachel you think ? ABBY stop . it can not be easy . everybody know she trouble . rachel Mom , she 's sell syndication rights to she trouble . ABBY stop . rachel Mom , do it bother you at all , Carol do so much wedding stuff ? ABBY not at all , darling , I be thrilled to be provide the flower . you know how much that mean to I . they be go to be exquisite ! rachel yes , I be sure , and that 's so great and so you , but you can do whatever else you want , you know . I would love it . ABBY thank you , my sweetheart . I just know I would be one of that wedding mother who go completely insane about the hor d'oeuvre . Andrew say I should not be allow near a shrimp puff . rachel huh . ABBY there be so many other people for you to worry about . ( more ) ( continued ) 49 . 35 continued : 35 ABBY ( cont would ) you sister 's home and everybody 's there and the bride always end up keep everybody else satisfied . rachel you be right . ABBY but this be go to be the most beautiful wedding ever . and I hope you sister have a wonderful time too ... anyway I be go to be a grandmother ! hooray ! rachel hooray ! ABBY I be so excited . I have always want to be a grandmother . even when I be thirty . here . this ring be grandma 's and she want you to have it . rachel be she dead ? ABBY Rachel . rachel it 's beautiful . thanks , Mom . I hope it 's a boy . ABBY as long as it 's healthy . try the ring on . Rachel do . ABBY you have always have the most beautiful hand . 36 ext . / int . scotty' jamaican restaurant . day . 36 a neighborhood place , but on the other side of the parkway from the buchman ' neighborhood . friendly , bustling , kid on bike and skateboard , etc . large window offer a view of a stop sign , fanny 's beauty salon , soul to soul liquor , a barber shop , etc . ( continued ) 50 . 36 continued : 36 the restaurant be fluorescently light , with a jamaican flag on the wall and photo of Muhammad Ali , malcolm X , and Bob marley . there be a counter at the front where you place you order and pick up you food . there be a foosball table , and a pinball machine . kym and kieran be play foosball at the ancient table where someone have paint jamaican jersey on all the player . they be both viciously competitive and genuinely irritate with each other . kieran you hand be on the turf . kym what turf ? kieran the turf . the table . kym so ? kieran so we have to do it over now . it be you shot and you get to do it over . kym what be you talk about ? kieran do not tell I you do not know have one hand on the turf make the play null . kym null . maybe we should just play pinball . C /u . the metal ball ricochete around the interior of the machine . kieran sometimes play next to each other be easier than play together . kym who tell you that ? kieran my mom . she run a pre-school . ( continued ) 51 . 36 continued : 36 they both crack up . kym what 's Hawaii like ? kieran you have never be ? kym uh uh . kieran it 's beautiful . I have get a nice place . my horse life there . kym most people say " my girlfriend life there " or " my wife life there . " kieran I live there and so do my horse . he 's very possessive . we be work through it . kym have you have he a long time ? kieran yes . I may be a degenerate dope fiend but I love my horse . I do not have a wife or a girlfriend and I have be clean almost seven year . you could just ask , you know . you sister do not ask direct question either . she 's incredibly cryptic . kym that 's a shrink thing , not a genetic thing . 37 int . community CENTER meeting room . day . 37 kym be share at today 's " 12 step " meeting . kieran , the other , listen intently . kym we be in the park . I be sixteen and I be ... I have take all this percoset . I be unbelievably high . ( more ) ( continued ) 52 . 37 continued : 37 kym ( cont would ) he have throw away he shoe - and I be like " Mom 's go to kill I " because I have no idea where he shoe be - but he be so happy about it . and he have he red sock and he be run around kick up the leave . you know in movie where they show a person 's high or whatever and the camera careen all around ? it be like that . but fun . you know . we be have so much fun . we be leaping around in huge pile of leave . he bury I . I bury he in a big pile . I be on baby sit detail . he be pretend he be a train . so he be charge through the leaf pile , make track , you know ? I be the caboose . and he keep go " coal , caboose ! coal caboose ! " so it 's time to go and we be drive home and he 's in he car seat still demand coal , and I could not focus and I drive off the bridge . the car go into the lake . I could not get he out of he car seat . he drown . 38 ext . buchman back porch . day . 38 Paul , Rachel , Emma , sidney , and norman sklear be sprawle on the porch eat sandwich and figure out the seating arrangement for the wedding by manipulate tiny origami chicken , a tiny turtle , Monopoly piece , spool of thread , etc ... each with a small name tag . Paul see kieran 's rental pull up , grin , and call to Carol ... paul Carol , they be back ! Carol emerge with a tray of lemonade as the rental be roll to a stop . kieran and kym be climb out of the car ... paul ( shouting from the porch ) be you hungry ? I make a salad nicoise . it 's get tuna ! ( continued ) 53. 38 continued : 38 kieran ( shouting back ) I be just think salad nicoise ! rachel can we get back to what we be do , please ? paul all right . where be we ? ah yes ... the rosenzwiegs . can you please put the rosenzwiegs somewhere far away from I ? Paul sit heavily . rachel they be you friend , dad . paul they be not my friend . I have just know they my entire life . sidney just so you know , my mother expect to be carry in by livery servant to the triumphant swirl of the harp and seat on a solid gold throne forge by nun . rachel really ? because right now I have she shoveling kelp in the laundry room . but I have it as a montage . kieran and kym arrive on the porch . kym settles herself on a big comfy chaise . kym where be you put I ? in the stockade ? paul kym , stop it . you be at the family table . kym turn she face to the sun , shutting she eye . kym ( heedless ) do not put I with Michael and Sandy . ( continued ) 53a . 38 continued : 38 rachel they be not invite . ( continued ) 54 . 38 continued : 38 kym Sandy never call I back after I send she a amend e-mail from milestone . I hate it when people do not meet you half way . paul the family table . with we . close on seating placement board -- Paul move kym 's " marker " -- the monopoly dog -- to the family table . wider -- emma oops . that 's nine . I think you be have table of eight ? rachel ( pointedly ) I be . kym ( to anyone , she eye still close ) where be you put I ? rachel I be think of put you with Cookie puss and the Chicago cousin because they always get really drunk and need wrangle . kym can someone else do it ? I be plan on enjoy myself . rachel you be the only one they be afraid of . kym still ? god. Rachel push the monopoly dog to a different table . ( continued ) 55 . 38 continued : 38 paul ( not get it ) we can move grandma Rose and she companion . that 's actually a great idea . kym open one eye and see Paul switch marker -- the monopoly dog be back at the family table . Rachel stare at she father . kym that 's all I need . another reason for grandma Rose to hate I . paul she do not hate you . kym she 's still mad about that thing at the rite Aid . paul nonsense ! kym whatever . close shot -- Rachel move the Monopoly Dog to another table . Paul look at she . rachel dad , can I show you something in the kitchen ? 39 int . kitchen . day . 39 Paul and Rachel alone . paul ( sotto ) Rachel , what be this behavior ? rachel ( same ) I would just like to have a day please . ( continued ) 56 . 39 continued : 39 paul have all the day you want . nobody be take you day . rachel then why be you defend she ? paul defend she from what ? darling , look , no one 's defend any body ... rachel why be you protect she ? paul I do not want she to feel like we do not want she . rachel sometimes I do not want she . it 's my fuck wedding , do not you get it ? I want my table to be perfect . Paul kiss she on the forehead . paul stop it . she 's you sister . they look at each other . the screen door swing open as Emma , Carol , sidney , kieran , and norman sklear carry the lunch plate to the kitchen . kym follow , carry the salt shaker . paul okay . dish ? I be go to load the dishwasher . sidney Paul ! Paul , listen , I have be think about it . I do some preliminary sketches , I would love to show they to you ... kieran ( to Carol ) he 's not kid . ( continued ) 57 . 39 continued : 39 sidney and I think if you move the salad bowl to the upper tier you can get about 10 % more stuff in the dishwasher . carol hee hee hee . Paul give he a look . sidney start hum paul be dishwasher theme . paul sidney , you be a nice young man . you make a lot of money and the world be you oyster . but you do not know shit about load a dishwasher . sidney Sir , with all due respect , the mantle have pass . Paul take a moment to size sidney up then spin on he heel to the dishwasher . time CUT -- sidney have he sleeve up and start to load . kym what 's the time limit ? carol two minute . sidney be you comfortable with that , sir ? I could spot you thirty second . paul you young people should all go fuck yourselves . kym dad ! carol ha ! sidney you see Paul , I think you problem lie in lid placement . ( more ) ( continued ) 58 . 39 continued : 39 sidney ( cont would ) inverting the lid and stack they in the upper level be really for amateur . it 's passe . paul Rachel , you be out of the will . sidney observe . with a flourish , sidney present a beautifully stack dishwasher . Paul pat he shoulder somberly . paul clean out this machine please , boy . so I can break out the whup -ass . scream all around . kym jump up and down with she arm on Rachel 's shoulder . Rachel glance at she sister , laugh . sidney / kieran ( delightedly ) he 's breakin ' out the whup ass ! a sweet montage . Paul be load the dishwasher like a champ . Carol and Emma be smile and giggle . kieran have he eye on the clock . sidney trash talk from the sideline . sidney you know one of the early sign of senile dementia be a obsessive need to organize . paul Rachel , go fetch I my dart gun . sidney I find it touch but ultimately sad when the warrior of yesteryear be reluctant to lay down they plastic container from Zabar 's and retire gracefully . paul kieran , how 's my time ? ( continued ) 59 . 39 continued : 39 kieran you have twenty - five second . paul I need more dish . you amateur ! sidney what ? no way ! paul somebody give I some dish ! kym yank open a cupboard and pass a handful of dish to Paul . he begin to load they . close on paul he have a bowl in he hand . we see the bowl be a plastic child 's bowl with engine and caboose all over it . Paul turn the bowl around in he hand like a steering wheel . it dawns on kym that she 's hand she father ethan 's bowl . she be stricken . Paul look to Carol . he seem bewilder . the kitchen fall silent and Carol take ethan 's bowl and place it in the sink , out of sight . she lead Paul gently out of the kitchen . close on kym -- close on rachel -- she turn and leave the kitchen . sidney follow she . Emma and norman sklear step out onto the porch . kieran take the ethan bowl from the sink and put it quietly back in the cupboard and shut the door . kym do not know what to do . 40 ext . buchman neighborhood . day . 40 the station wagon head away from the buchman house . 60 . 41 int . station wagon . day . 41 Rachel be drive , kym be in the passenger seat . the radio be on and neither say anything . kym crank down the window , try to light a cigarette . kym Mom be handle the flower ? rachel well , she 's grow they and choose they - but they be be deliver by she people . kym get it . wow. nurture and grow thing from the soil . textbook , right ? rachel kym . can we talk about the candle for a minute ? because -- kym yeah , exactly ! candle and rice paper -- all light up during the ceremony . it 's a way of honore ethan , ethan 's ... spirit , you know ? it will look really nice too , mainly . million of little candle all over the place , and one huge rice paper candle - represent ethan - glow near the couple . that would be you and sidney . rachel oh my god , no . do not . just do not . that would kill dad . and Mom . and I . and everybody . please , kym , please please please do not do that . kym geez . it be a idea . lighten up , okay ? they do that in Japan or India or someplace , okay ? rachel just drop it , sweetie , okay ? please ? kym oh my god - fine ! done ! it be nothing , okay . it be just a idea . ( more ) ( continued ) 61 . 41 continued : 41 kym ( cont would ) just a stupid idea . I be joke , you jerk ! lighten up , Rachel . this be you big weekend . everything 's fine . 42 ext . downtown stamford . day . 42 establish this busy Connecticut city as the station wagon drive behind a fancy hair salon on the main drag . 43 int . beauty salon . day . 43 kym and Rachel have foil in they hair , situate a few chair apart . Rachel be intently work on a crossword puzzle . kym be you get a manicure ? Rachel silently waggle she finger . kym glance back at she magazine to discover one of the stylist stand close by , gaze at she face . kym do a little double - take . stylist you do not remember I , do you ? kym look sharply at the stylist , note he sincere face , the warmth of he eye . kym nooooo ..... stylist Rick James ' limousine . kym oh. my. god. stylist yeah . Rachel , nearby , grimace . ( continued ) 62 . 43 continued : 43 kym I mean to come back . I swear . I even have ... oh god , what be it ? stylist peanut m&amp ; m 's and carbona clean fluid . kym God be punish I . stylist no , he 's bless I . it 's cool : I talk he down . kym ( uncomfortable ) so , how be ya ? stylist I be okay . you remember we be in the hospital together , right ? kym we be ... at milestone ? stylist no . I do not go to milestone . I do not have the coverage . we be on the same floor at loeb House . that be before you go to milestone . kym where do you go after that ? stylist my parent ' house . unemployment . it 's all about the coverage , right ? he stare deeply , movingly , into kym 's eye . awkward . stylist ( cont 'd ) I can not believe I be see you again . kym ( more uncomfortable ) I know . it 's so weird . ( continued ) 63. 43 continued : 43 stylist listen . do you remember that exercise where we all have to write down experience and pass they anonymously to another person ? kym " the human Mirror : see with a Fresh perspective " like secret santas of despair . stylist I get yours . kym give he a quizzical look . stylist you draw poodle in the margin . I know it 's suppose to be anonymous and everything , but you be so brave . the way you uncle abuse you and you sister , and how it lead to you sister 's anorexia , and how you stay up night when she be down to fifty pound hold a mirror to she face to make sure she be breathe . I will never forget read that , I swear to God . Rachel 's stylist be remove she foil while Rachel choke on she diet pepsi and it come out she nose . kym look nervous . rachel's stylist ( to Rachel ) do you want a tissue ? Rachel look horrify , hold she hand over she nose . stylist ( to kym ) I find it so profoundly inspirational that you could be there for she during you own incredible ordeal . I thank God that you come in here today . I never think I would ever have the chance to thank you . it be you strength that give I the courage to confront my own abuse and help I turn my life around . Rachel slam down she magazine and leave the salon . kym run after she . both girl have foil in they hair . 64 . 44 ext . rear parking lot / beauty salon . day . 44 Rachel be be trail by she sister through the parking lot . kym would you stop ? Rachel do not stop . she be search for she key in the fade daylight . kym catch up , take Rachel 's arm . rachel do not touch I . kym do not you think he perspective might be a little skew ? rachel I never have anorexia . you sure as hell do not watch over I while I be sleep and we don't have a goddamned pedophile uncle !-- kym ( interrupt ) -- that we know of !-- rachel -- that made our childhood a live hell and explain away all of you shit in one fell swoop !... do you tell they that dad force we into a life of prostitution while you be at it ? kym ew !... ( she stop and try to remember ) wait ... Rachel yank open the car door , jump in . kym I be not hurt anybody . no one get hurt , rach . Rachel slam the car door shut . rachel I be hurt ! ( continued ) 65 . 44 continued : 44 Rachel drive off with a screech , leave she sister stand there . 45 int . buchman house . den . day . 45 Rachel , yanking the foil out of she hair , perches on the sofa next to Carol and Paul . she be furious . rachel I hate she . paul you do not hate she . rachel do not tell I what I do not hate . I hate , hate the lie . she lie in rehab . paul what do you mean she lie ? rachel she lie to the people who be work with she . who be try to help she . she lie to everybody . paul ( not get it ) where be she now ? rachel where be I now , dad ? kym' voice off Rachel ! Rachel ? paul thank god . in here . kym come stomping in . her foil be still intact . kym thanks for abandon I . I have to take a taxi ! rachel ( disbely ) be you kid I ? ( continued ) 66 . 45 continued : 45 kym why would anything I say or do not say at the hospital hurt you ? it be not about you ! rachel why not ? why be not it about I ? paul Rachel ... rachel dad , stop. ( to kym ) why not ? I be hopeful . I be on you side . I still be . do you have any idea what that mean ? do you have any idea how lonely it be with everybody go into you terrible world ? there be nothing leave . everybody be just empty . you think they remember I be alive or need anything during you ... life ? and after all that loneliness and Mom and dad blame each other and worry and death and divorce and that stupid hopefulness and dad not even be able to listen to music , you be in the hospital , lie about we ! instead of tell the truth about yourself ! kym God , Rachel ... paul wait a minute . wait a minute . what 's this all about ? rachel apparently she have a whole history of sexual molestation . carol what ? paul kym , what be you sister say ? do you say you be sexually molest ? ( continued ) 67 . 45 continued : 45 kym oh Jesus Christ . not by you ! it be a long time ago ! paul be you ? kym no ! paul why in god 's name would you say something like that ? kym it be anonymous ! it seem like a good idea at the time . the three on the couch be stunne for a moment . rachel dad , look at I . I be right here . I be tell you that after ethan die I want she to get better or just die ... paul and look ! she be better ! kym Nice , Rachel . thank you . rachel ( to Paul ) ... and dad , she be lie and she do not give a shit about the rest of we . recovery can not work if you lie . she know that . I be worthless to she . we all mean nothing to she . kym you be not worthless . you be my sister . I love you guy . I need you guy , but you do not get to sit around for the rest of my life decide what I be suppose to be like . you be not there . you be not inside my head when I be fuck up and you certainly not there now . you have not get a clue what I feel . ( continued ) 68 . 45 continued : 45 rachel kym , you take ethan for grant . you be high for he life . you be not present for he life . you be high . he be like a pet to you . you drive he off the bridge . and now he 's dead . paul it be a accident . kym yes ! I be stone out of my mind ! Jesus Christ , who do I have to be now ? mother theresa ? do I use up all the love I be allow for this lifetime because I kill we little brother ? paul no , it be a accident ! kym I be sorry ! I be sorry , okay ? I be sorry ! Paul burst out weep . paul it be a accident . kym , she hair still in foil , rush out of the house . Carol turn to Rachel . Rachel bolt upstairs . Carol turn to Paul . Paul wave she away . Carol be bawling too . 46 ext . 7/11 parking lot . dusk . 46 a state trooper , sit in he patrol car , look up from he coffee as Paul 's mercede station wagon screech into a nearby parking space . the cop watch kym get out of the car and stalk into the 7/11 . 47 omitted 47 69 . 48 int . abby' / andrew's house . master bathroom . night . 48 steam rise from the surface of Abby 's high - tech and sumptuous bathtub , as she quickly turn the water off and speak into she cell phone . ABBY hello ? 49 int . buchman house . paul' study . night . continuous . 49 he be alone and the door be shut paul hello Abby . it 's Paul . intercut the conversation : ABBY hello Paul . paul be kym with you ? ABBY no . why ? do she go somewhere ? paul she leave the house about a hour ago . ABBY to a meeting ? paul she and Rachel have a argument . ABBY oh , dear . the night before she wedding ? what be it about ? paul look , Abby , it do not matter . she leave the house . she take the car . ABBY what be the argument about ? paul I do not know . they be both get they hair do ... ( continued ) 70 . 49 continued : 49 ABBY you do not know ? well what be they say ? paul for god 's sake Abby ! I be try to figure out where she go before I call the police ! ABBY well , last time you call the police look for she she be upstairs , asleep in the guest room . paul she be not asleep , she be unconscious ! and I be glad I call the police because it take twenty minute to wake she up and at least something be be do ! ABBY Paul , I be try to help . paul you be try to dismiss everything ! ABBY she 's not a criminal ! paul you be disregard everything I be say , and this failure to listen , failure to understand what be right in front of you be exactly why you will never be able ... ABBY Paul !... paul ... to help she ! ABBY maybe that 's not what she need all the time ... paul ( incredulous ) what ? ( continued ) 71 . 49 continued : 49 ABBY ( stammer ) I mean .. I mean maybe she need we -- paul -- maybe she need someone to be watchful and present and in she life ! ABBY -- to trust she -- paul she could hurt herself ! she could be lie dead in a ditch somewhere ! ABBY all right ! all right ! stop it ! beat . Paul try to pull himself together . Abby be tremble . paul if you hear anything , can I count on you to please call I ? ABBY ( incredulous ) can you count on I ?... Abby put she hand to she mouth . intercut with Paul wait , then : ABBY yes Paul , you can count on I to call if I hear anything . now Abby wait : then paul okay , then . ABBY Goodbye . paul Goodbye . she hang up . he hang up . 72 . 50 int . buchman dine room . night . 50 the room be pile high with box overflow with tulle and flower and glassware . Carol , sidney , Rachel , kieran and Emma be seat around the cheerless dining room table , pick at the dinner in front of they ... even Emma appear to have give up . she be drink a lot of wine . Paul return to the table . paul Abby have not hear from she . Rachel stab she dessert with she fork . her head be on sidney 's shoulder , she look pale and exhaust . carol she must feel awful . kieran ( gently ) Excuse I , but when you be try to get better there 's a lot of pressure in rehab ... when someone be not ready to take responsibility they create something , like a uncle Stan , to take responsibility until they be ready . paul ( hollow ) well , she 's always be creative . carol I just wish we know where she be . sidney Paul , would you like I to go out and look for she ? Rachel take sidney 's hand . carol you be get marry tomorrow . a hundred people will be here . kieran I will go . I be ... I will go . any idea where she might have go ? everybody look at kieran . no one respond . the phone ring . Carol go to get it . everybody wait . carol it 's the caterer . ( continued ) 73. 50 continued : 50 Emma give Rachel 's arm a squeeze . emma I will take it . 51 ext / int . scotty 's. night . 51 kieran , look draw under the fluorescent light , stand inside the jamaican restaurant stare out at the night . through the window a beat up white honda tear ass right through the stop sign and screech on up the road . kieran flinch . 52 omitted 52 53 int . abby' / andrew's house . night . 53 Abby be in she kitchen prepare tea , dress in loose - fitting yoga - style pjs , hair still wet from she bath . a door open behind she and kym emerge from the bathroom rub she hand over she face . kym ahhh .... ABBY you should call you father . the air seem to go out of kym for a moment . kym in a minute . I need a glass of water . ABBY I have make some tea . Abby pick up the tray , lead the way from the kitchen into the live room . trail behind she , kym look around she mother 's unfamiliar house -- the spaciousness and stark modernity of Andrew 's house stand in mark contrast to the rampant folksy - ness of the buchman house . ( continued ) 74 . 53 continued : 53 Abby place the tea service on a low table in front of a sprawling sofa in the stone - wall live room . ABBY here darling . sit down . you look upset . kym sit , pour and sip . Abby remain stand and tighten the belt of she bathrobe . kym when will Andrew be back ? ABBY not too late . he 's at a dinner . beat . ABBY I speak to grandma today . she send she love . be everything all right with the wedding ? kym yes . ABBY good . kym dad be load the dishwasher ... ABBY mmm hmmm ... kym and I hand he ethan 's bowl with the train on it by accident . kym begin to weep . Abby remain still . kym 's weep become louder and louder . she be have trouble breathe . just as Abby reach out to touch she ... kym why do you leave I in charge of he ? Abby stop . ( continued ) 74a . 53 continued : 53 kym you know . all of you know . people tell you . I be a junkie . ( more ) ( continued ) 75 . 53 continued : 53 kym ( cont would ) I be a crazy drug addict . I steal from you . I lie to you face . I weigh six pound and my hair be fall out . I spend every dinner in the bathroom . ABBY you be sick . kym you know what I be . it 's not like there be not any clue . I stay in my room for day . I pass out all the time . where be you , Mom ! what be you think ? why do you leave I ? why do you leave I in charge of he ? Abby close she fist and beat kym with all she strength . ABBY you be not suppose to kill he ! you be not suppose to kill he ! kym curl up protectively and Abby suddenly stop . kym Mom ? Abby swing at kym again and connect . kym punch Abby right back -- twice -- now she be on she foot . both woman stop , terrify , and look at each other . kym move toward she mother . kym Mom ? ABBY get away ! kym stop . keeping she back to the door she back out of she mother 's house . 54 ext . abby' / andrew's house . night . 54 kym fall down the front step . her nose be bleed and she eye start to swell . where be the car key ? here they be . where be the door handle ? here it be . she drive off . 76 . 55 omitted 55 56 ext . seclude road . night . 56 kym drive the station wagon too fast . 57 int . station wagon . night . 57 --kym' p.o.v. : through the windshield -- headlights . windshield wiper . it 's not raining . a curve in the road , squealing around it . the road fork twenty yard ahead , wood in between . Left or right ? kym drive straight ahead , careen off the road , smash down a couple of sapling , lose speed , right fender smash into a big rock -- airbag blast up into kym 's face -- airbag deflate , kym 's head fall forward , bang against the steering wheel . a tiny moan . that 's it . 58 ext . wide shot . fork in the road . night . 58 the station wagon have come to a halt far off the road , conceal by undergrowth and tree in the foreground . there be no movement in the car . a volvo station wagon drive by , continue on its way . 59 int . buchman house family room . night . 59 Paul , kieran , and sidney be seat around the family room . Paul and sidney be drink red wine , kieran something else . a empty bottle be in front of they and sidney be uncork a fresh one . paul ... I never think I would have two little girl . two little girl run around with they tummy stick out in they diaper . they use to bite I on the nose , the two of they . ( more ) ( continued ) 77 . 59 continued : 59 paul ( cont would ) I would hold both of they in the pool and they would take turn bite my nose . ethan never do that . he prefer pinkie . or knuckle ... sidney and kieran chuckle appreciatively . Paul join the laughter , pour some more wine . 60 int . master bedroom . night . 60 Rachel and Emma be curl up in the middle of the bed , spoon - style , with clothes still on . Emma be behind Rachel , lose to the world , gently snore . Rachel 's eye be wide open . Carol swing the door cautiously open and peer inside . Rachel and Carol look at each other for a long time . Carol withdraw , close the door behind she . 61 ext . fork in the road . dawn . 61 the station wagon see just as before . a couple of jogger lope by on the road . 62 ext / int . station wagon . morning . 62 kym jolt awake as a stamford policeman rap on she close window . she be a mess . a black eye . a split , bloody lip . a gash across she forehead . the cop be simultaneously gesture for she to roll she window down and speak into he radio . kym try to start the car . no luck . the cop bang on the window . kym lean she head against the steering wheel . the horn start blow . the jogger , a couple of early dogwalker , and a couple of kid on bike be gather by the roadside , whisper and watch . 78 . 63 ext . station wagon . day . 63 now -- the cop be study kym 's license and registration . now -- a ambulance have arrive . Red light flash . the crowd of onlooker have swell considerably . now -- the cop give a clearly upset kym a breathalyzer test as paramedics wrap a pressure cuff around she arm -- she exhales into the breathalyzer tube , she eye darting between the cop , the crack windshield of the car and the gawk crowd up on the road . time CUT -- the paramedic hold kym firmly by the chin and peer deeply into she right eye . the other paramedic blot at kym 's swollen lip with a gauze and hand she a ice pack . time CUT -- the cop give kym she license and hand she a official look form , which she stuff in she shoulder bag . 64 ext . the buchman house . day . 64 a truck towing the beat - up station wagon come to a halt in the street in front of the buchman house . kym step down from the passenger seat , ignore whatever the driver just say in parting . the house be festoon with peony and light and worker hurry about . everything look absolutely beautiful . caterer be run from they van into the house with armload of food , drink , etc . Abby 's flower be be unload from another van . decorative chandelier be be carry inside . valet be set up they car-park operation ( a decorate picnic table ) at the foot of the driveway . kym square she shoulder and begin she long walk up to the buchman house , back into the chaos . a cute valet pass kym on the lawn , carry two paper cup of coffee , dress in a indian military tunic . he take in kym 's dishevel and bruise appearance . valet um. hi. kym I be the maid of honor . ( continued ) 79 . 64 continued : 64 valet cool . kym continue she walk toward the house . valet hey , I know you . I use to work at the dog groom place . kym keep walk , ignore he . valet hey , you hold ? Paul and Carol , beautifully dress , appear on the front porch and hurry towards kym . paul kymmie ? carol oh my lord ... paul be you all right ? they meet at the circular driveway . kym I hit Mom . paul oh my god be she ... kym not with the car . beat . paul we need to get you to a hospital . kym I have to get dress . paul look at you ! you need to get to a hospital ! ( continued ) 80 . 64 continued : 64 kym dad ! I be fine . he try to touch she . she stop he hand . Paul back off . paul you can not just vanish . you can not just leave . you have to call . you always have to call . Paul look helplessly at he wife . carol why do not you go find you sister ? she do not sleep last night wait for you . kym run onto the porch as a group of gofer carry more of Abby 's flower through the front door . Emma be on the front porch fill balloon with helium , assist by the kid from next door . Emma inhale from a balloon as she see kym . emma ( in a helium voice ) oh. my. god. 65 omitted 65 66 int . buchman foyer . day . continuous . 66 kieran be in the live room on he cell phone when he spot kym . behind he we see norman sklear , Matt and innbo remove the last of the live room furniture to the rear patio . kieran Holy shit . ( into the phone ) she just show up . yes . thank you . ( to kym ) do you need a doctor ? kym you send out the cavalry ? kieran for you dad . mostly for you dad . ( continued ) 80a . 66 continued : 66 kym I have to get ready . I have to get dress . ( continued ) 81 . 66 continued : 66 kieran okay . I be so glad to see you . kym' p.o.v. -- charge up the stair . 67 int . master bedroom . day . continuous . 67 also know as the bridal chamber . kym yank the door open and Rachel jump a mile . rachel aaaah ! fuck ! she be dress in she sari and huge gold earring and look beautiful , despite a lack of sleep . see she bashed up sister frame in the doorway , Rachel fight tear . she lose . kym I hit Mom . rachel with the car ? kym no. no. rachel you hit Mom ? you hit we mother ? kym look completely desperate . she nod . Rachel 's face contort with rage as she step forward and slam the bedroom door in kym 's face . kym wince . beat . kym okay . Rachel yank the door open again . 68 int . master bathroom . day . 68 Rachel have run a bath for she sister . she have remove she sari but not she earring . kym be in the bath . her body be bruise and purple . ( continued ) 82. 68 continued : 68 Rachel dab gently at kym 's face with a washcloth while kym scrub at she nail with a brush . she glide the soapy washcloth over kym 's back . she notice the word ethan inscribe within the design of the rise and thorns image tattooe on kym 's leave shoulder . Rachel rinse shampoo and leave and dirt out of she sister 's hair while kym brushes she tooth . Rachel dab makeup on kym 's chin as kym 's hand tremble with the mascara . rachel I get it . 69 int . master bedroom . day . 69 back in she wedding sari , Rachel wrap kym in she bridesmay 's gown and put some lily of the Valley in she hair . rachel can you do this ? kym nod . rachel okay . 70 ext . / int . buchman back terrace / live room . day . 70 the ceremony -- guest , some stand , some in white chair . the live room be festoon with wall to wall flower . a canopy of cherry blossom lead from the live room terrace to the open live room door . sidney , look stun in a dove grey Nehru suit and a lavender pocket square , wait at the altar with groomsman kieran , norman sklear , and cousin Joseph ( now wear full dress U.S. Army uniform ) ... and officiate judge castle . sfx : live music -- " here come the bride " on distant electric guitar and drum plus foreground violin and gently chant " Rachel 's " and " sidney 's " by the assemble friend . Emma 's smile face fill the frame as the ceremony begin . bridesmaid Emma , kayra Williams , Victoria , and - - the maid of honor !-- ( continued ) 83. 70 continued : 70 kym in she dress with she stripe hair , split lip and black eye , try to find she game face . the wedding guest be slack - jaw . Mrs. Williams ( sidney 's mom ) look like she 's pass a stone . Abby stand quietly with Andrew in the first row . she look compose and lovely and have the tiniest hint of a bruise on she chin . the procession reach the altar and the wedding party turn to face Rachel and Paul . Paul be beam , walk he beautiful daughter from the side of the house and across the terrace to the live room . she glow in she white and gold sari . they reach the altar of blossom . Rachel kiss she dad 's cheek and he hug she . thing be set up so that Rachel and sidney stand just inside the live room , face the beautiful backyard . kym reach for Rachel 's bouquet but Rachel have hand it to Emma by reflex . kym try to cover she gesture . Rachel and sidney join hand . judge castle we be here on this beautiful day ... somebody 's baby start to cry . judge castle exactly . everybody crack up , especially kym . she laugh a beat longer than anybody else . kym ( mumble ) Excuse I . 71 ext . / int . buchman back terrace / live room . day . 71 Rachel and sidney be say they vow . sidney I always just want to hear music , and when I meet you I hear you . you be the most beautiful thing I have ever hear . thanks for marrying I . ( continued ) 84 . 71 continued : 71 Rachel be cry . sidney take he pocket square and carefully dry she tear . Abby be drying she own eye . Rachel make she own declaration to sidney . norman sklear hand sidney a acoustic guitar and sidney strum it and pluck a delicate melody . sidney for you . ( to Rachel 's stomach ) and you ... ahem ... ( sing ) " she use to work in a diner never see a woman look finer I use to order just to watch she float across the floor she grow up in a small town never put she root down daddy always keep movin ' , so she do too . you know it be not easy you get to hold on she be a unknown legend in she time now she 's dressin ' two kid lookin ' for a magic kiss she get the far-away look in she eye . somewhere on a desert highway she ride a harley - davidson her long blonde hair flyin ' in the wind she 's be runnin ' half she life the chrome and steel she ride collidin ' with the very air she breathes the air she breathes . the air she breathes . the guest join in on the last chorus , with spontaneous ad - lib instrumentation from some of the musician friend . the song end with a huge eruption of laughter and applause . ( continued ) 84aa . 71 continued : 71 judge castle on that note , and with the power vested in I by the state of Connecticut and Neil Young , I now pronounce you husband and wife . Big kiss ! lot of scream and laugh . huge applause . Carol and Mr. Williams throw pink and white confetti heart . kym applaud wildly and be cry she eye out . Paul weep openly . Carol breathes a sigh of relief . 72 ext . buchman backyard . later . 72 post -ceremony lunch -- the whole wedding Party Inner Circle , everybody , be enjoy barbecue , oyster , vegetarian Supreme , beer , wine , various other chill - juice and snackettes -- on the back terrace , around the swim pool and spread out at picnic table and blanket across the expansive back lawn . the exotic reception party tent stand proudly and invitingly down the slope . the musician friend be play they version of " Rachel love sidney . " some guest have remove as many layer of clothing as weather permit . some -- include sidney and Rachel -- have even change into bermudas and sweatshirt for the moment . ( continued ) 84a . 72 continued : 72 Rachel and sidney be serve second helping to they friend . Abby and Andrew be at a table eat and chat with the Chicago cousin , the rosenzweigs , and Cookie puss . ( continued ) 85 . 72 continued : 72 kym be tie a little boy be balloon to he wrist . she look over at she mother . Abby be deep in conversation with Andrew . she tuck a stray hair behind he ear . 73 ext . buchman backyard . day . 73 " cutting the cake " -- a multi - tiered wedding cake , wedgewood blue , in the shape of a elephant , with two tiny plastic astronaut sitting on top . Rachel and sidney be cut the cake . sidney be this mocha ? or chocolate ? he sample the frosting . mrs . william baby Boy , let they take the picture . sidney okay , Mom . rachel yeah , baby Boy . Rachel lick the frosting off sidney 's finger then give he mom a big wholesome smile . Mrs. Williams shake she head but she 's okay with this . rachel can we all do this together ? reshuffle as sidney , he parent , kayra , and Rachel , Paul , Carol and kym each place a hand on the silver cake knife . rachel Mom . with nowhere else to stand , Abby lay she finger lightly on kym 's wrist . Emma 's aunt joyce , a cool professional photog , snap the picture . ( continued ) 86 . 73 continued : 73 sidney dear God , bless this family and let they always invite we for dinner because my new wife can not boil water or fry a egg . La chaim . everyone La chaim . Rachel suddenly stand on a chair and bang on a glass with a spoon . rachel Friends and family , family and friend ! I have a announcement to make ! I be the bride and I be knock up ! surprise whooping and holler . rachel I be exercise my bridely , knock up prerogative and demand that everybody start dance . and this mean you too , Mom ! Abby smile . sfx : the deejay spin a infectious platter ( tbd ) . rachel oh yay ! dad c'mon . c'mon dad ! this be my favorite song ! paul ooo . look at I , I be dance . she drag Paul to the temporary poolside patio dance floor . Paul be a fantastic dancer ! sidney drag he dad to the dance floor . he 's dramatic and weird ! Abby smile politely at kym and go to sit down with Andrew . kieran spirit kym to the patio , where they join the dancer . 86a . 74 ext . buchman backyard / outside the tent . dusk . 74 the receiving line -- all member of both family be line up outside the entrance to the tent to greet the inner circle gang and the lucky few outsider who have be invite to this evening 's gala wedding reception party . it be twilight . ( continued ) 87 . 74 continued : 74 everybody be spruce and rest . Rachel and sidney have change into awesome party outfit . Inside the tent , yet another group of musician friend be currently lay down a evocative , hypnotic and extremely cool , jazzy " world music " groove as the same attractive and immaculate young server ( from the rehearsal dinner ) circulate with trays of delicious appetizer , wine , seltzer , etc . kym be still wear she sari . she stand next to she mother . they be do they wedding party duty . neither woman be look at the other . bob the next door neighbor ( to Abby indicate kym ) and how be we little wayward girl ? kym Fine . ( beat . ) I have a accident . ABBY and , how be you , Bob ? bob God , never better -- Isaac open he practice ! quick cut of kym nice family friend we be all so glad you make it ! I should not be tell you this , but there be actually a pool ! be that hysterical ? distinguished neighbor ( eyeing kym 's injury with a twinkle ) if you be in need of any legal service ... awkward young guest I do not know if you remember this but you owe I $ 750 . hip young guest be you hold ? ( continued ) 87a . 74 continued : 74 interesting young woman kym ? do you remember I ? kym sorry ... I be not sure ... ( continued ) 88. 74 continued : 74 interesting young woman kym ! Angela paylin !! Angela sport a intense tattooe image on the inside of she right forearm . her face feature a unique pierce . kym hug she . they reunion make she cry ... Angela be nice . 75 int . exotic wedding tent ( ext . buchman backyard ) . night . 75 the tent be fairly pack now with about 60 - some odd people . everybody be get along fine . with a single dramatic gesture , norman sklear silence the band . upon norman 's instruction , the drummer work he cymbal in such a way that the party - goer realize that something big be about to happen . norman sklear now gesture for complete silence and he get it . Rachel and Emma grin madly at each other . sfx : live brazilian percussion slowly build , growing louder approach the tent entrance from the moonlit backyard . all eye on the entrance -- the swim pool light shimmer outside as -- -- four sexy brazilian drummer and four gorgeous brazilian carnival girl complete with headdress and feather dance into the middle of the crowd ! the musician blow whistle and bang on drum . the cafe - au-lait beauty gyrate and pull guest out of they chair . Rachel leap from she chair into sidney 's arm and he give she a huge , sexy kiss as he rub she tummy . wedding guest scream with delight and rush to the floor . the drummer become more impassion with every beat . they travel allover the dance floor , a trail of guest behind they . sweat be drip , the girl be glisten wet , the guest be pull into a massive pulsing heartbeat on the dance floor . Emma , kayra and Victoria be dance together scream until cousin Joseph , Matt and another male friend muscle they way in . Little kid swing each other around in circle . Rachel and sidney be practically do it on the dance floor . a brazilian beauty shimmy over to they , she headdress bob , she smile enormous . ( continued ) 89 . 75 continued : 75 sidney immediately put he head on she bosom . after a beat Rachel do too , laugh . sfx : pounding brazilian drum Carol stand quietly besides Paul and take he hand and whisper to he . though not dance , they be clearly enjoy the carnival . Paul give a little shimmy . Abby and Andrew be huddle together at a table , talk intensely . it 's like they be blind to the spectacle . kieran offer he hand to kym . she leap up , spilling she flower . kieran pull she to the middle of the crowd . they circle each other . they come together almost violently and dance like there 's no tomorrow . kym 's head be throw back . shoulder heaving , kieran swing she around by the waist . sfx : drummer drive the party faster and faster . Emma shimmy wildly with she partner , she hair a mess . Mr. and Mrs. Williams clap wildly and do the limbo / hustle / drunken parent dance . guest stomping and cheer . the brown , glitter dancer be shaking thisclose to the drummer who have they shirt off . a dancer rock with a older gentleman who gulp oxygen from a tank . Rachel and sidney be bath in sweat , kissing . sidney be gulp champagne . kieran and kym have they forehead together and they eye close , chest heaving . drum crescendo Carol and Paul watch , laugh . Andrew whisper in Abby 's ear . she just stare off . kieran and kym glue together . Rachel toss she hair wildly , sidney behind she . everyone laugh , laugh , dance . drum stop !!! ( continued ) 90 . 75 continued : 75 huge whoops and hollers !!! CUT to : 76 ext . buchman backyard . night . 76 the exotic tent look beautiful out there in the sprawling backyard , reflection of the pool light shimmer off its side . the whole backyard be enchant -- with magically deploy twinkle light , japanese lantern and other special lighting effect add to the aura ... " Rachel love sidney " be be play in a mellow , super - romantic trumpet solo mode now by Christian Scott . a assort bunch of guest have relocate to the poolside patio in they finery . the oxygen guy and he matronly wife be seat on a transplant live room couch , talk intently to a be-feather headdress dancer . norman sklear and Emma be share a stylish , quietly triumphant slow dance , whisper punctuate by gust of laughter . Angela paylin be out there too . Little kid be run around the lawn and a few be play with olive the Dog . kym kneel at the far corner of the swim pool , unnotice by anyone . a wooden serve tray float on the surface of the water , support a candle wrap in rice paper . a couple of smaller candle surround the slightly larger one . kym light the candle , extinguish the match , gently slide the illuminate tray out towards the center of the pool , watch . kym rise and walk towards the house , look for something . neighborhood girl ( to kym ) I can do a handstand ! she execute a truly terrible handstand . kym that suck . the girl throw a rebellious dance move in kym 's direction . kym ouch . the girl laugh and run off . 90a . 77 ext . / int . buchman live room -- continuous . 77 kym cross the back terrace and enter the live room through the flower bedeck canopy .... ( continued ) 91 . 77 continued : 77 where she find Rachel and sidney slow dance alone and dreamy in the center of the darken room , the wall still cover with the ceremonial flower . a single candle flicker nearby . the dancer be oblivious to kym 's presence . kym ( to Rachel ) hi. where 's Mom ? Rachel have she head on sidney 's shoulder , she eye close . rachel take a break . kym how can you take a break from you own daughter 's wedding ? rachel Mom do not actually participate in thing . kym and anyway , she have not even do anything all day . rachel I be think about get she a cat . cat be really annoying . at some point you have to deal with they , right ? or they starve to death and piss on you sheet . kym it 's so nice here . suddenly kieran sweep into the room . kieran you can run but you can not hide ! kym shriek as kieran grab she and plant a wet one on she , dip she to the floor . they careen into sidney and Rachel . sidney grab Rachel and start molest she . rachel ( totally into it ) stop ! stop you fiend ! Rachel and sidney fall to the floor writhe , sounding way too amorous . then : ( continued ) 92 . 77 continued : 77 abby' voice off hello ? kym hello ? rachel hello ? the ceiling light flick on overhead and Abby enter the live room . blink against the light , Rachel struggle to she foot smoothing she dress . rachel Mom ! ABBY here you be . sidney ( from the floor ) hello Abby . you be lovely . and I be not look up you skirt . kieran be busting a gut not to laugh . ABBY I have be look for you all over the place . andrew's voice off Abby ? where be you ? ABBY I be in here . Andrew pop he head in . andrew they be bring the car around . ABBY all right . rachel you be leave ? ABBY darling , I be exhaust . I have such a marvelous time . that dancer be so beautiful . but wedding be really for young people . ( more ) ( continued ) 93. 77 continued : 77 ABBY ( cont would ) I think we would just sneak off and not make a big scene . rachel you could make a little scene . ABBY and here I be make it . Andrew and I be go to Washington in the morning . kym why be you go to Washington ? ABBY it 's the mother of all fund raiser at american . I think I mention it . we be go to stay on about a week - there be lot of meeting . I think since you two be go away soon ... ( to kym ) ... and I be sure you do not want any grow up around check up on you ... will you still be here when I get back ? kym do not say anything . rachel what about we post -nuptial wedding gossip reconnaissance , Mom ? ABBY well , can you come by early ? rachel um ... ABBY of course you do not want to do that . it 's you wedding night . you do not want to get up early . I have to get Andrew organize . he 's hopeless . and we will be back in a bit . it be such a lovely wedding , darling . she bend in for a kiss . rachel wait ! I want my mother and my sister ! ( continued ) 94 . 77 continued : 77 ABBY Rachel ... Rachel wrap one arm around kym 's neck and the other round she mother and hug they both to she . she have she eye open . they have they eye open . they be stiff as board . Rachel stop hugging and look from one to the other . her mom and sister look at she and each other . beat . ABBY will you call I every day about ...? she pat Rachel 's tummy . rachel yes . of course . ABBY all right , then . sidney Goodbye Abby . ABBY good bye , son-in -law . kym and Rachel watch they mother leave the room . sidney ( horrify ) I see you mother 's underwear . kym see Abby and Andrew crossing the front porch through the window . kym I can not find my cigarettes . kym move quickly from the room . 78 int . buchman foyer . night . 78 kym be head for the front door , when Paul break away from a group of guest have coffee in the dining room and nab she , pull she into a conversation with a wedding guest . ( continued ) 95 . 78 continued : 78 paul kymmie . speak of the devil . you remember susanna galeano . kym ( she do not ) hi. susanna hi kym . kym be look out the dining room window between Paul and susanna -- she spot Abby and Andrew walk down the driveway towards the valet at the street . paul susanna have a public relation firm and she just lose one of she assistant . susanna wedding . they be a epidemic . you father give I my start about a hundred year ago . paul no , no . hardly . well ... susanna we could definitely use a extra body right about now . have you ever think about Public Relations ? kym the public be kind of afraid of I . susanna and Paul laugh . paul the firm be open a office right here in town , just in time for the holiday . you could stay right here . susanna have you ever think about p.r. kym ? paul logistically it 's just a dream . you could stay in you old room . I could chauffeur you around . you would not have to worry about rent . ( continued ) 96 . 78 continued : 78 kym have you already talk to Carol about I stay here ? paul of course . she 's fine about it . you could stay in you old room . susanna why do not you give I a call on Monday , okay ? she hand kym a business card and kiss Paul on the cheek . susanna Goodbye Paul . it be just beautiful . bye kym . she leave . paul suzy 's first rate . p.r. can be fascinating . kym you always say it be stupid . paul I mean stupid . do you want I to hold that for you ? you have get no pocket . kym I have get it . thanks , dad . I will be right back . 79 ext . front porch . night . 79 at the edge of the porch kym see Abby stand in the moonlight at the front of the driveway with Andrew , wait for they car . kym pause . Abby turn she head slightly in kym 's direction . kym , in the half dark , watch she mother . Abby do not move a muscle . kym step off the porch . the valet pull up in the car , jump out . ( continued ) 97 . 79 continued : 79 Abby fix she gaze on Andrew as he open the door for she . they drive off . close on kym 80 ext . buchman backyard . morning . 80 the absolute end of a wedding . the place be a gorgeous mess of wedding detritus . the tent look so lonely . a weary caterer pack away he trays . kieran be talk and smoking with sidney at the end of the lawn . 81 int . ethan's room . day . 81 a freshly scrubbed kym , in she own clothes , take a moment in ethan 's room . she collect a few snapshot of she sister and brother and stuff they in she shoulder bag . 82 int . upstair hallway . day . 82 as kym approach the stair , Emma stagger into the hallway , bleary - eye . she be in she underwear , head for the bathroom . she stop at the sight of kym . they stare at each other . Emma give a tiny wave . kym respond , head down the stair . 83 int . buchman stairway . day . 83 kym slip quietly downstairs . she move to collect she weird mish - mash of bag wait by the door . kieran be there . kym oof . you scared I . kieran make a break for it ? kym yeah . I have to go . I be come to find you . ( continued ) 98 . 83 continued : 83 kieran you do not have to slip away without make any noise , you know ? I like noise . kym I be come to find you . my ride 's outside . kieran ... okay ... if you need anything ... kym if I need to post bond ? kieran hand kym a fold piece of paper . kieran no . if you ever need anything . kym thank you , kieran . kieran maybe you will come visit I in Hawaii ? kym that would be nice . he smile , kiss she , tenderly . she hug he fiercely . kym I have to go . bye . 84 ext . front porch . day . 84 kym look back in through the window , see she father awake , in he robe , tired , gamely tidy . kym ( unbelievably softly and tenderly ) dad . Carol come up behind Paul , envelope he in a gentle bear hug . 99 . 85 ext . buchman driveway . day . 85 a `98 maroon camry be idling in the circular driveway out front , exhaust vaporize against the chilly morning air . a cute two - year- old girl be visible in a carseat and Rosa , the staff nurse from kym 's halfway house , be at the wheel . the car radio play quietly as kym open the passenger door , wiggling she finger at the little girl . like a ghost , Rachel appear on the porch . kym jump a little . the sister lock eye . kym look pain . Paul be still move around in there . she want to go . Rachel float down the porch stair and join she sister at the car . she take in Rosa who meet Rachel 's look with a nod . rosa hi. rachel hi. kym ( whisper ) will you tell dad ? Rachel nod . kym be cry . kym I love you baby ! rachel I too . Rachel hug she sister fiercely . kym get into the passenger seat but leave the car door open . Rachel smile she huge , luminous smile . kym shut the car door and roll down the window . kym ( quietly ) bye ! ( continued ) 100 . 85 continued : 85 Rachel mouth " bye " and give a little wave . the car pull out of the driveway , Carol watch it go from the dining room window . the end