brimstone media production , LLC | rage of the werewolf script < !-- body {font - family : verdana} a {text - decoration : none} a:hover {color : # 3171 b5 } a:hover {text -decoration : underline} --> about brimstone feature film filmography our book documentaries video production filmmaking current news current project future project ordering info submission contact rage of the werewolf written by Santo marotta & Kevin lindenmuth 11/25/98 4th draft - copyright 1998 camera pan down from star to the Earth . narrator on August 12th , 2001 , scientist discover that a meteorite be on a collision course with the earth . the large meteorite be hurtle towards the earth … narrator nuclear weapon be use in a attempt to destroy the deadly meteorite . show explosion on meteor — it break up into a few chunks . narrator although they do not destroy it completely they do manage to knock it off course , send it crash into the moonus surface . the impact be so powerful that it change the moonus orbit , bring it closer to earth . as a result the weather be affect , tide increase but the most astounding thing that happen be the strange biological change certain people underwent . Sky shot of full moon pan down to New York City — and we hear the howling of many many wolf . credit : ext . timex square , NYC — early morning graphic : 2010 jake and ralph , two man in they 30q , walk across a empty intersection . both be a bit bedraggle look . Ralph stop , look in the plastic bag he carry . he stop when he feel jake stare at he . ralph I ´m just make sure that I do n´t forget any of the can — jake still stare at he , disapprove . ralph what ? what be you look at ? jake you´re such a hyena … ralph hey , I ´m not the only one scavenge , here … jake you´re right . ralph you want to eat like a man , dontcha ? Jake do n´t answer . jake come on . I do n´t like be out in the open like this — ralph I and you can kick anyoney hairy ass , right ? Jake look around , concerned . no one be out . jake c´mon , letus just go — they continue , walk past abandon look building . finally they come to they building but they do n´t go through the front way . they go up the fireescape in the back , they secret entrance . int . apartment - day they apartment look like a typical '' guy '' apartment — messy . immediately , jake sense that there be someone there earlier . jake we have a visitor while we be out . ralph ( look around ) do n´t look like they take anything . jake yeah … I wonder what they want . ralph who give a shit . letus watch some tv . he turn on the television . the reception be quite good , surprisingly . on the television be the local news — news reporter in a unanimous decision , the Supreme Court have declare New York City a '' unsafe '' zone and be pull out the remainder of the law enforcement by the end of the month . that who be uninfected and be able to leave should do so as soon as possible . ralph interrupt — ralph I guess we´re shit out of luck . jake well , I be bear and raise here . I do n´t want to leave . ralph not as safe as it use to be — can n´t hide in the crowd anymore . jake you´re Mr. Fucking know it all , be n´t you ? ralph I just know the situation I ´m in . just try to get by — as heus talk he eye never leave the magazine heus look at . on the television be scene of werewolve pillaging and attack … anchor with we tonight be Professor Jonathan Hull , the lead expert on the werewolf phenomenon . Professor , what 's you explaination for all this ? prof . hull well , Jim , we´ve establish that a certain percentage of the population possess a latent gene that can cause lycanthropy . a sort of unbalance between human and animal , if you will . the shifting of the moonus orbit five year ago have accelerate this dormant gene . just as the full moon change the tide and some emotion in people , its influence have now increase to dangerous proportion . anchor thank you , Professor . ( to camera ) so far the disease have be contain to several major city in the US — Las Vegas , Houston , and New York … Jake be sick of watch this — he go into the other room . ext . of CITY - dusk Jake and Ralph be walk . Ralph suddenly stop and look up at the sky , very dramatic . ralph wait ! oh , no ! the full moonus come out ! I ´m change again ! grrrrr ! get away ! Jake look at Ralph with little reaction as Ralph mess up he hair , tear he t-shirt under he open coat , growl and jump around like a fool . jake I wish you'd stop with this bullshit you pull every time there 's a full Moon out . you´re not a real werewolf so you might as well get over it . Ralph continue to act nutty , jump around like a dog . ralph what do ya mean ? look at I , man ! I ´m a werewolf ! I ´m dangerous , Jake ! Jake stare at he and we see Ralph from he perspective . he look very pathetic . jake you know you should thank God you weren´t affect so much by the moonus orbit . you luck out but you´re too stupid to realize it ! Ralph compose himself — see that Jake be n´t go to put up with this . ralph you know , I ´ll take one of that DNA test right now — itus proof I have the wolf gene — i´ll proove it to you ( pause ) . oh , come on Jake ! why be you be so hard on I ? I ´m just try to fit in ! but Jake hold up a hand for he to be quiet . he hear something . jake shush ! listen . ralph what ? I do n´t hear anything . jake next block . bounty hunter — they´ve get someone cornere ! with that , Jake bolt out of frame . ralph wait ! what a idiot ! I can help ! wait ! Ralph catch up with Jake who be peek around a wall at the end of a alleyway . Three or four bounty hunter have a she-wolf cornere . she be growl at they , scared and angry . one of they pull out a gun and net . bounty hunter get ya now , bitch . no more run ! Jake become angry and we see he eye turn yellow . before ralph can stop he he leap and land in the alley behind the hunter . ralph ( to himself ) what a idiot ! jake confront they . jake leave she alone ! bounty hunter # 2 Jesus , this one can talk ! jake I do card trick , too … jake duck into the shadow as bullet go off . the female werewolf , only partially transformed , take the opportunity to strike at one for she would to capture . more bullet , Jake leap out of the shadow and slashes some of the hunter . while the one still alive reach for they weapon , Jake get hit several time by regular bullet while protect the she-wolf . ralph stay hide —he know he have n´t a chance of help ! int . jake / ralph apartment : the shewolf be on the couch , out of it , weak from the wound inflicted by the hunter . if she be n´t half comatose they would have to tie she down . most werewolve have no reason ability when they be change . ralph I do n´t know why you want to bring she here — like we do n´t have enough problem . jake she 's wounded . ralph she 's a wolf . she´ll heal . jake we´re not in a old horror film — if sheus hurt bad enough she could die . CUT to : ext night a couple , both in they 20us , be run down the street , look over they shoulder . they duck around a corner . the guy be dave , the woman lisa . although we may not see it immediately they both wear this gold medallion about they neck that have a pentagram on they . lisa why be they do this to we ? why do n´t they just leave we alone ? dave it 's because they get a thousand buck for a wolf pelt on the black market . Lisa look up at the partially full moon . lisa it 's not even a full moon yet … we´re not even change ! dave they´ll try to capture we . God know what they´d do to we in a few day … lisa we should´ve stay with the leader , we be protect there — Dave roll he eye . dave why do we leave he , again ? lisa because he want to fuck I . dave and … . she throw herself to he , hugging he . lisa because I love you ! dave he´d have kill I . lisa we do the right thing … they be both silent for a moment . they can hear the sound of the laugh bounty hunter in the distance . then , Lisa notice a open door to a nearby building . lisa letus go in there … they do . dave go in first , walk into shadow . but there 's a awful scream and he stumble back out , one of he arm go . he fall down . someone or something throw he wrench arm after he . Lisa start scream but a shape step out — large — and a hand grab she , lift she off of the ground . her foot twitch in the air . it be lazlo . lazlo nobody have they own pack , except I . how dare you try to leave I — be you sorry you make the wrong decision ? she try to talk but cant . he put she back on the ground so she can answer . she look at dave , who be moan . lisa it be all my idea to leave — if I go back to you will you leave he alone ? lazlo that 's what you wish ? lisa that 's all . then I ´ll go back .. quickly the leader go to dave and put a foot on he head . lazlo this be what you wish mean to I — and he step on dave 's head , squishing it like a ripe tomatoe . lazlo you´re next — he turn to she — CUT to : later /morning ralph walk in the front door and jake , waking up , see this . jake what be you do up so early ? ralph i…had a hard time sleep . all this make I nervous — ( he gesure to gina ) . very nervous . as they be talk the girl transform back into she human form , a girl name gina . she awaken . she look around , puzzle at the unfamiliar surroundings . gina man , that must´ve be some party . I ´ve never woken up with two guy before … jake it be n´t that kind of party . she start to get up , wobbly . jake Lay back down . you need to rest , let you heal factor kick in . ralph do you remember anything that happen last night ? gina I do remember you get shot ( to jake ) you be protect I , right ? but why be n´t you hurt ? ralph it 's because heus a special werewolf . ( he say '' special '' like you do when you talk about handicapped kid ) . jake shut up , Ralph . gina what do you mean ? ralph he do n´t get it from the moonus crazy orbit . he 's curse . jake what about '' shut up '' do n´t you understand ? gina be he tell the truth ? be you curse ? ralph Boy , be he ! jake I say shut up !!! gina really , be you curse ? jake yes ! gina how do it happen ? jake it 's a long story . gina well , I ´m obviously not go anywhere soon . like you say , I have to let that heal factor kick in . jake okay , fine . it all start one day when my father be a young man . he be out gather wood in the mountain outside a small town in Italy . he say a beast in manus clothing attack he — a werewolf . CUT to : flashback scene where he get attack . jake the beast would have kill he if not for a arrow shot by a nearby hunter . for some reason , my father be unaffected , but two of the three child he later have be — my older brother and I . my sister be spare the horrible curse . laslo and I do n´t feel the effect of the curse until we reach we late teens . one night during a full moon it happen … CUT to flashback scene — where he be change . jake at that time , before the change in the moonus orbit , I have no control over the beast inside I , I could n´t change at will , only when there be a full moon — like with you . after the many death my brother and I commit the townspeople begin to suspect my father , have hear the story from the hunter who save he from the wolf . my parent , my young sister , be burn alive in we very home . my uncle see lazlo and I get to safety by send we to America . so that 's it , that 's the story . gina and that 's why regular bullet can n´t hurt you ? jake I guess only silver bullet can , though I ´ve never be shot by one , so I can n´t say for sure … gina so all that old werewolf legend be true ? ralph curse werewolve , bloodsuck vampire and evil demon — they all exist . they ´ve just manage to keep themselves hide from mankind . jake stop it , you´re scare she . ralph she 's a fuckin werewolf , for christ sake ! jake pull Ralph aside , whisper , though she can still probably hear . jake I do n´t want you tell she anything else about we , okay ? ralph okay , Mr. secret Origin . jake glare at he . jake I do n´t want you tell she about we other hideout or anything . I do n´t trust she . ralph you´re the one who save she … jake do n´t mean I have to like she . he stand up , go towards the door . jake I ´m go outside for a while . do n´t make a mess . he go out the front door . Ralph and gina look at the close door for a moment before she turn to he . gina who bit he in the ass ? int . apt . build : day jake go down the front stair of he apartment building and be surprised by what he see when he get down to the front lobby — the door be wide open and there be the corpse of a woman ( lisa ! ) , sort of mangle . but that 's not the worst part — there be scavenger — homeless look people , who be feed on she , like zomby . this be the individual who have go insane from the werewolf transformation and will eat anything . Jake half transform and growl , scare they away . he then turn to examine the body … and notice she be clutching something in one of she hand . it be part of one of he t-shirt . jake what the hell ? then he realize that it be steal from he apartment yesterday . jake damnit ! he briefly look outside before he shut the door and run back up to the apartment . int . jake / ralph apartment : day as soon as he walk through the door he shut off the television ralph and gina be watch . ralph what do you do that for ? jake move you hairy ass . gina what 's go on ? jake I go downstairs and there 's a body — all over the place . ralph hey , I would n´t do that — jake I know , but who would ? if that bounty hunter come here be you go to want to deal with they ? ralph letus just clean up the mess … jake too late . there be scavenger already — ralph shit. ( he look around ) and I like live here , too . gina what about I ? I think I be suppose to recuperate ? jake you´re heal . now move it . ( to ralph ) get what you need . with that Jake go into the other room . he start throw clothes into a duffel bag . CUT to : various shot of a desert look New York city . int . jake / ralph apt . day Ralph walk into jakeus room . ralph so , who do you think do it ? jake well , it 's not a full moon for two more night and there 's only one other person I know who can change at will — ralph why' he do this to we ? jake because he hate the idea that we will n´t join he pack , I suppose . believe I , we´ve never get along . ralph I do n´t like he . jake make two of we . I want nothing to do with the asshole . ext . new york CITY - day they leave the apartment building , Ralph and Jake carry backpack over they shoulder . gina follow they . they walk for a while , not talk . gina walk in front of ralph and we see that he be enjoy the view , as it be . then , gina stop , catch Ralph look at she . gina look , maybe it 's better I go off on my own . I mean I do have a place to stay . ralph you want to leave already ? gina you two be in trouble , right ? no offense and thanks for save I and everything but I like the low profile . so , I ´m split . jake Goodbye . Jake start walk . ralph hey , be you go to let she go ? jake she can do whatever the hell she like . he make eye contact with she and nod . jake ( to ralph ) we´re gonna have a hard enough time without drag someone else along . she have no reason to stick with we . ralph well , adios , then . gina wave and start walk gina thanks , guy . they both watch she walk off . ext . jakeq apartment : the camera pan down to the corpse — but it be a different one than the one jake have see . two cop stand over the partially eat corpse . one cop # 2 , have a device in he hand . it be a DNA matcher , about the size of a cordless phone . cop # 1 look at this mess . this be fuck up ! Christ , why do they even allow normal people to even live this city ? the whole place be crawl with that werewolf freak ! cop # 2 ` you know why they´re here . they´re all criminal , tax violater , child abuser , you know , the scum of the Earth . cop # 1 yeah , whatever . but to die like this ? this have get to be the worst way to go , be chew up alive … cop # 2 hey , check this out . he spot the tear piece of clothing in the dead manus hand . cop # 2 letus see who this belong to — he use the DNA matcher on the clothes and a beep sound be hear a moment later . cop # 2 accord to the DNA on this the guy who do it be a Jake malderone . cop look up at the address on the building . cop # 2 shit . this be the guy address , too . cop # 1 that 's pretty stupid . cop # 2 well , criminal be n´t usually geniuse . he 's probably Long go by now but we should check it out . i´ll put out a apb on he . maybe one of the other patrol will spot he . CUT to later : Jake and Ralph be walk through the alleyway . they be look for food . Ralph stop by a small metal door by the ground . he open it up and out pop a bloody head . ralph I know we´re try to be like regular human being , eat like they , but I ´m so fuckin hungry right now ! jake you stupid bastard . what the fuck be the matter with you ? do n´t you want to get out of this place ? we have to act like they ! Christ , you´re not even a real werewolf ! then , he sense something . jake wait . come on , we have company . at that moment we hear the sound of approach bounty hunter . Jake and Ralph split down the alley and up the fire escape . they get away and head back for they apartment . outside , from behind some bush , they see police man walk around , ask question to people . they find out from a street person , charlie , that someone be murder outside of jakeus apartment and they´re look for he . they find the hobo in a nearby alleyway , get drunk as usual . they surprise he . he drop the bottle , it smashes and he get piss off . charlie be a werewolf affect by the moon . ralph hey , Charlie ! charlie godamn it ! you see what you make I do ! I outta kill you right now you wanna be ! ralph just try it old man ! they be about to go at it when jake get in between . Charlie start to grow some fang , etc . jake take it easy , Charlie . Ralph , make sure there be n´t any hunters around .. he go . charlie Jake , how do you put up with that guy ? jake it aint easy . what 's go on outside my apartment ? charlie quit the bullshit , Jake . you know what 's go on . get hungry last night , huh Jake ? . jake why do n´t you stop fuck around and tell I what 's go on ? I can be a lot more formidable than my wanna be friend over there . charlie okay , okay . cop say you kill a norm last night outside you apartment . look like he be important , too , some city official . jake that 's impossible . I and Ralph leave yesterday morning . and there be a body , but it be n´t any norm . charlie maybe . but they find piece of you clothes near he . matched up you saliva with the dna on file . jake shit . I can n´t believe heus do this to I … charlie what you be do ? jake just talk to myself . charlie if it be n´t you , then whoever do this be sure try to make people think it be . jake it 's probably lazlo , ralph you brother ? why would he want to frame you ? jake because he want I to join he , heus insane , want to take over the city , probably figure with I on the run I ´ll eventually join he . come on , letus get out of here . int . senators office — day : this be the office of Senator Robert mcnaughton . he be wear glass and a nice suit . he sit at he desk . his secretary buzze he on the intercom . secretary ( vo ) Sir , there 's a gentleman on the line by the name of lazlo . he refuse to give he last name , say you know he . shall I transfer the call to you phone ? mcnaughton no !! I mean no , that will n´t be necessary , I ´ll take it on the vivicom . thank you , Terry . he turn in he swivel chair to face a computer screen , then press a button . lazlo appear on the screen . lazlo hello , Robert , it 's be a while . mcnaughton not long enough , lazlo . I tell you never to call I here ! lazlo watch you tone of voice with I little man , least I come there and personally rip you throat out . be you forget who it be that help put you in that fine office of yours while the rest of we be live like animal ? you would n´t want I to tell the world that you be a fellow werewolf , would you ? mcnaughton wipe he sweaty brow with a handkerchief . mcnaughton no , no please , I ´m sorry . I ´m sorry . please , what can I do for you ? lazlo that 's better . I want you to acquire something for I . it might require some do but I ´m sure you can do it . mcnaughton yes … . what be it ? lazlo I have need of a vampire mcnaughton ( cough up he drink ) a vampire ? in heaven´s name , why lazlo ? this be n´t another one of you wild sexual escapade , be it ? lazlo Heaven have nothing to do with my plan , Richard , and my affair be of no consequence to you . all that matter be that you obey ! mcnaughton but lazlo , please … . lazlo no but , Richard ! you owe I and now I ´m call in the marker . a simple yes or no . mcnaughton yes Richard , of course . i´ll make the necessary arrangement and have the body fly out to you . lazlo excellent . you ´ve do well , Richard . until next time . mcnaughton shut off the vivicom screen . mcnaughton can n´t wait . ( pause ) where the hell be I go to get a vampire ? ext . CITY - day gina be walk alone . she go into a building , then down the stair to a long hallway . she look like she know where sheus go . int . lazlo 's office : there 's a knock on he door and he look up but do n´t answer . the knock be harder this time . lazlo come in . the door open and in step gina . her personality be a bit different — more evil . she sit down in the chair , look at he . lazlo so ? gina so , be you go to at least thank I ? lazlo for do you job ? she stare at he . lazlo you´re right . you do have my thanks — he push a few button on he computer keyboard and a grid of the city come up . a dot glow . he point to it — lazlo I know exactly where he be now — and it look like he´s on he way . ( pause ) be it hard deceive they ? gina you brother have this annoying compulsion to help people . it be extremely easy . CUT to : flashback of gina put a tracer on the back of jakeus coat . it signal wherever heus at . lazlo as I tell you . he go back to type at he computer . gina make a sound , clear she throat . he look up . lazlo yes ? gina be that it ? what about my reward ? lazlo you reward be come tonight , rest assure . it be something very unique . gina I be glad to be of service . she get up and leave . lazlo watch after she and chuckle to himself . ext . new york CITY - day : Jake and Ralph be on the run from some bounty hunter . up above be a helicopter , way off in the distance . they go around a corner and into a alley . they stop at the end of the alley because of two bounty hunter . ralph well , that 's no gonna work . what about the roof top ? Jake gesture to the sky , shaking he head '' no '' . jake too many copter . they´d spot we in a minute . ralph then , what ? jake there . he be point at a manhole cover . Ralph have a look on he face that tell we he do n´t want to go down there . Jake remove the manhole cover and they go down . int . sewer system ralph jeeez , this place stink ! jake smell like you room . ralph hah hah , very funny ( pause ) where be we go , anyway ? jake we have to stay out of sight , they´re all look for we . ralph you´re not a regular ' wolf . we could take on all of they ! jake we ? we ? you need a reality check again . I , I just want some peace . they walk for a while — encounter some strange thing along the way such as a human skeleton , rat , bat and when step over some water see a alligator . they eventually walk into what look like a maintenance tunnel . there be lot of cobweb . something watch the two of they , though … ralph Jake , look ! they look to the side and see glow eye stare at they and hear low growl noise . they be the hidden , that of who the moon have have a slightly different effect on . they be very dark in color , twisted feature , a lot of tooth . jake shit — a voice be hear — of the leader , vincent vincent this be we domain . why do you come here ? ralph we do n´t have to answer to you . we´re werewolve ! jake ( to ralph ) will you shut the fuck up !?! vincent Werewolves , hmmmm ? he come partially out of the shadow , toward they , growl a eerie growl . and we see that he be also a werewolf , of sort , stick forever half between in the transformation . half he face be that of a wolf , the other human . he also have one wolf paw instead of a hand . he be also huge . jake we mean you no harm ! vincent grab Jake and throw he against the wall like a rag doll . Jack become angry and partially transform — eerie yellow eye , some hair , tooth , claw . vincent pause at this , regard he . vincent you can transform at will ? Jake shrug . jake we´re just pass through , we do n´t want any trouble . vincent you be here be enough . we --- do n´t tolerate outsider — then , another one of the deform werewolve grab ralph and pull he into the shadow . Ralph scream . jake no , I warn you , now I can n´t be responsible for what happens ! he change and attack . there be a brief fight in which Jake and Vincent go at it . Ralph take a bit out of the creature hold he and it release its hold on he . we see Jake and vincent fight through a series of closeup and reaction shot of Ralph . finally , Jake rip off vincent good arm . he fall to the ground in pain while Jake stand over the body , growl triumphantly . the other mutant , have see they leader beat , back away into the shadow once more … . ralph Jake , Jake , snap out of it ! we have to get out before they decide to come back — jake okay , okay , letus go … vincent stop they ! agggghhh ! ( in pain ) they can n´t be allow to leave — they know we secret location ! you be many , they be only two ! kill they ! the mutant come back out of the shadow and go after Jake and Ralph . the two bolt through the tunnel . finally they duck behind a wall . a rat run by , squealing . ralph a rat ! food ! he´s about to go for it but Jake grab he and whisper . jake ( whisper ) we´re be chase by mutant freak and you´re think about food ?!! give I you lighter . ralph ( also whisper ) you´re on my ass for look at food and now you´re gonna have a smoke ? jake just give I the lighter , you idiot ! Jake grab a piece of rag ( 's ) on the floor and make a ball and light it up , throw it in the direction of the approach mutant . they can n´t stand the flame and back up , make strange , fearful sound . Ralph look around and see a way out . ralph Jake ! this way ! look like a way out . they both go in that direction but not before Jake throw another rag / flame ball at the mutant . ext . new york they walk down a street . ralph do you know where you´re go ? jake not exactly , but we can n´t go back home . the place be crawl with cop . maybe we should try and get out of this fuck city . I just want to be leave alone , you know ? ralph whatever . but in the meantime maybe we should find a nice safe place to rest , you know — ( he point ) like that warehouse , for example . jake you seem awfully anxious to go into that warehouse . would n´t be because you want to find some rat , would it ? ralph no , of course not ! it 's just that I ´m not go to be in my right frame of mind tonight , I do n´t feel so hot right now . the full moon , you know ? jake well , just do n´t try humping my leg ( pause ) . I really do n´t expect you to come . it 's I the cop be after . ralph hey , we´re pal , right ? I ´m here to back you up . I mean , what be friend for , right ? Jake smile and they both walk towards the warehouse . we hear they voice as they walk to the building in the distance . ralph I do n´t mind leave this city anway . I , I just want to be able to watch a little tv , eat when I want , and howl at the moon , you know ? jake we should rest . ralph best idea you have all day . — ext . new york CITY - day : a helicopter land behind some building and several man load a long , coffin size crate into a van . they slam the door to the van and drive off . int . build / warehouse : jake and ralph step into the abandon warehouse . jake be careful , there might be trap — ralph no one live here — jake exactly . ralph well , it look desert . ( he look at Jake ) . look , you know you can rip the shit out of anyone if they bother we . jake oh , I be just worry about you . ralph oh. CUT to : shot of the CITY — the sun be now set . int . lazlo 's build - basement . the same man who unload the coffin size crate from the van now bring it down the stair into the basement of lazlous building . they put it behind the bar of a cage that be build to one side of the room . cross and garlic dangle from the bar around the cage . they set it in the middle then leave , lock the door behind they . lazlo watch . slowly , the lid of the crate move and a hand come out , a womand hand . slowly , she push the top of it aside and sit up . she be young look — and very very piss . this be kessa . lazlo welcome to my home . the accommodation be a little rustic , but I ´m sure you can understand why .. she glare at the cross and the garlic . lazlo bat get you tongue , eh. she hiss at he . lazlo do n´t worry , though , you will n´t be here long … . he turn and leave . she watch he , hate in she eye . she remember — CUT to : kessa flashback : graphic '' two week ago '' int . build : kessa feed on a victim . she look up , blood on she mouth . she realize someone be watch she from the shadow . kessa you the fuck be you and what do you want ? there be no reply . kessa you´ve already piss I off . letus not make it a slow and agonizing death -- still no reply . kessa well wletus . a man step out from the shadow , a crucifex in one hand , a stake in the other . she hiss at he . he wear the collar of a priest . kessa do it the old fashioned way , I see . Fucking Van helsing wannabe . finally , the man speak . man I do it with a little help from my friend … . kessa Fine . more food to play with . one of they throw a stake — it go through she arm . it surprise she . she try to change shape but it 's not happen . man we put a bless on the house — you can n´t shift shape — the man encircle she . she can n´t stand the sight of the cross . kessa for cripe sake , just kill I — just get that good humor stick out of my face !!! man we have no intention of kill you . it 's far more profitable to keep you '' alive '' as it be — CUT to : present int cage : kessa shake she head of the memory and look at the cross on she cell bar . kessa sold to the high bidder . blood be go to flow … int . build jake and ralph be sit against a wall . we hear some squealing and Ralph slowly get up , like a cat ready to pounce on a mouse . he dart out of frame . jake watch . when he come back to sit back down he have a half eat rat in one hand . blood cover he mouth . he be clearly enjoy he snack . jake you´re disgusting . ralph least I ´m not hungry . int . lazlo 's house - night laslo be pour some wine into two glass . he pick they up and hand one to he guest — gina , who be dress up . he raise he glass of wine in a toast — lazlo to the beginning of a new world … she clink she glass against he and take a sip . gina so , where be this reward ? or be it something that be go to happen later on tonight … she smile at this , intention clear . lazlo you´ll be get it alright . well , no sense in beat around the bush . do you … want to see it now ? disappointment flicker for a moment on she face . gina ` sure -- lazlo follow I — they go down into the basement — but gina be feel a bit woozy . she reach out a hand to steady herself and lazlo take she arm . lazlo careful . — when they get to the bottom the stair they see the cage — and in it be kessa , whose head be down . she look very much like a victim . ginad face brighten up . gina for I ? lazlo all for you . gina step forward , even more woozy . perhaps we see a Pov of she , all blurred , etc . CUT to : gina be now in the cage , lazlo shut the door behind she . she realize what 's go on , but be drugge from the wine . gina what be you do ? lazlo what I have to do . kessa look up from she position and she be bare she fang — gina look extremely surprised . kessa feed ! dissolve to : lazlo enjoy ? kessa tasted like dog , to be honest . ( pause ) you think you´re so smart , that you have it all figure out . but soon my kind will come look for I ! lazlo I do n´t think so . this whole island be a prison that may be harder to break into than out of . besides , we should be do with my little experiment tomorrow night . you be stupid to be capture … she make a face at he . kessa let I go now and I may let you live . lazlo oooohhh . he toss the head at she but she movie aside . it bounce on the floor . kessa you´re go to kill I ? he approach she — look as if heus go to eat she . lazlo not tonight . tonight , I just want a bite — and he take a bit out of she arm —her eye widen and she realize what have happen . kessa what do you do to I ? lazlo wipe blood off of the corner of he mouth . lazlo I ´m make you one of we — kessa it 's heresy ! lazlo it 's power . and it 's all go to be mine ! CUT to : jake and ralph Jake be peek out a old window . ralph be they still out there ? we see jakeus point of view — cop walk the street , check around . jake we mine as well try and get some sleep . they´ll be go when it 's dark . ralph sound great to I . that hidious mutant freak really poope I out . jake yeah , well one of we have to stay awake and keep watch … Ralph take out a coin . ralph okay , we´ll flip and see who' get the first watch . he throw the coin - ralph I get head ! the coin land on head . Jake smile . ralph shit in a basket . ( he glare at Jake ) you suck . jake wake I up in a few hour . Ralph walk to the window , Jake fall right to sleep … CUT to : jakeq nightmare ( black and white flashback ) . two man be walk through a forest and be attack by two werewolve . they be jake and lazlo in they wolf incarnation . they attack the man , who scream in terror . the two brother feast on the body . dissolve to : it be morning and the two brother wake up near what 's leave of the body . Jake be repulse and walk away — they speak in italian lazlo why do you walk away , brother ? jake this thing we do — they be n´t right . they be evil , thing of the devil . lazlo this be the thing we do — who we be ! they stop walk abruptly when they hear the sound of the mob approach they home . CUT to : angry man , with torch in hand , approach Jake and lazlous home . CUT to : Jake and lazlo run towards the sound , leaping over bush , past tree . running and run . CUT to : the angry man be lighting what look like a molatov cocktail ( glass bottle fill with gasoline ) , cursing in italian . CUT to : a photograph of jakeus parent and sister fall on the floor . the glass frame break . CUT to : the man shake they torch in anger . CUT to : Jake and lazlo be still run towards the house . CUT to : House be in flame . photo catch fire , girlusl doll on fire , perhaps burn person . CUT to : Jake and lazlo make it to the house and be crouch behind the bush . but they be too late . the house be totally engulf in flame . Jake look to lazlo , who do n´t take he eye off of the flame . Jake try to approach he home but a dead body ( one of he previous victim ) rise from the ground and grab he leg , trip he , hold he there . the corpse speak . corpse this be you fault , for all of you sin ! you killing ! watch , watch they burn ! jake no ! no! nooooooooo !!! int . build - present Jake wake up scream and scare the shit out of Ralph , who have start doze off . ralph yahhhhh ! shit . what the fuck be the matter with you ? jake sorry … another one of my nightmare . how's it lookin´ out there ? Ralph look out the window . ralph I don´t´ see they anymore . jake letus go — ext . CITY day — a close up of a human skull be suddenly sprinkle upon by a fountain of water . we see that it be one of the bounty hunter , frank mccoy , relieving himself . his cellular phone start ringing , but he have to wait until heus do to answer it . the voice on the other end be lazlous . we cut back and forth between the two of they as they talk . frank yeah ? lazlo no one have teach you phone etiquette , have they ? ( pause ) frank I say , '' yeah '' . lazlo there 's a certain ' wolf I ´m interesting in . frank what 's so special about he ? you´re no longer into young boy ? lazlo if you be n´t so valuable to I I really would n´t put up with this shit , you know … frank I be good , baby , oh yeah … lazlo as I be say , there 's a certain werewolf I ´m interesting in capture , alive , I might add . frank that 's way extra … lazlo go without say . you´ll get triple you standard fee , if that 's agreeable . frank hey , you know how to take care of I … lazlo stay where you be a I ´ll have a messenger send you over the equipment and information you´ll need . frank yeah , I ´ll be here . have to rest for all the festivity tonight … lazlo do n´t have too much fun . frank oh , not I . Frank hang up the phone just as another bounty hunter approach he . bounty hunter # 2 who be that . you mama ? frank actually , it be my retirement fund . bounty hunter # 2 whatever . if you´re hungry , they´re serve dinner back at the camp … they turn and leave . ext . CITY -day Jake and Ralph have make it to the outskirt of the city . there 's huge fence with barb wire . plus what look like bounty hunter . ralph think we can take they ? jake take they be not the problem . it 's the fence I ´m worried about . look like it 's charge with megavolt . ralph so what , nothing can hurt you except silver bullet ! jake how the fuck do you know ? you´re so fuck tough , you go c limb it ! ralph forget it . what now ? jake with the full moon tonight this place be go to get wild . I say we make we way over to the park , rest up till we can plan a escape . we´ll come back in the morning , they will n´t be expect any trouble then , especially after the Moon . ralph you´re the boss . ext . bounty hunter camp — Men grab gun and weapon out of rack , shot of foot run by , etc . camera pan up to frank mccoy , who be look at a small computer screen in he hand . it be the tracking device that lazlo be tracking jake with . frank this be gonna be like shoot duck in a arcade . bounty hunter # 2 overhear he . bounty hunter # 2 what do you say ? frank nothing to you , Mr. snoop ! why the fuck be you always hang around I ? bounty hunter # 2 maybe because we´ve be hunt partner for the past four year ? I do n´t know . frank i…have to do something alone tonight . bounty hunter # 2 you´re kid , right ? no one in they right mind go out alone on a full Moon . frank I ´m not in my right mind . go with kerwin and the other . they´ll protect you . bounty hunter # 2 it wouldn´ve have anything to do with you '' retirement Fund '' would it ? frank i´d tell you , but if I tell you i´d have to kill you . ext . new york - night full moon be bright in the sky . various shot of people double over in pain , growl , smash thing . they be all transform into werewolve — thousand of werewolve . int . lazlo 's build - night lazlo be stand before kessaus cage — she be start to change into a werewolf as well — one with vampiric quality ( batlike ear , different fang , etc , should be fairly unique look ) kessa what have you do to I ? lazlo I ´ve make you better — kessa you die !!! lazlo approach the cage . lazlo you want a part of I ? all she can do be let out a growl . lazlo here — he stick he bare arm through the bar — and she attack , sink she snout into he forearm . there be little reaction on face — until he start to change — lazlo I … . I can feel it ! he start to change as well — central park - night Jake and Ralph have make it to the park . in the distance they hear the howl of the wolf . Ralph look in that direction as if he want to join they . he start to do he mimic change routine . unknown to they mccoy be nearby , watch they . ralph arggghhh ! I ´m change ! Jake watch he for a moment while he go through he act , tear at he shirt , etc . jake oh , why do n´t you stop ! ralph admit it , Jake , do n´t it just make you want to join they . you know , run with the pack ? suddenly some werewolve emerge from they hide place in the bush and start to approach they . Jake quickly change into he wolf persona . at that moment the bounty hunter let loose with a hail of bullet , kill most of the werewolve . Ralph split after Jake use he body as a shield to protect he . Jake be angry at this and confront the hunter . mccoy so , it 's really true , you can n´t be hurt by regular bullet ? jake you son of a bitch ! you kill they in cold blood ! they do n´t do anything ! and for what , so you can sell they pelt to the high bidder !? mccoy I suppose I ´ll do that . but it 's you I ´m really after ( as he say this he pull out another gun ) . I have this silver bullet make especially for you . the bounty hunter start fire silver bullet . Jake jump and roll on the grass behind some bush . mccoy they say only a shot in the heart can kill you but I ´m betting that if I hit you anywhere it 's gonna hurt like a mother fucker . Care to test my theory ? he start fire into the bush Jake have disappear into . he hear jake yell and smile . he go to claim he prize . suddenly , Jake jump down from a tree and grab the hunter , shove he into a tree . jake Dog food ! mccoy take it easy , take it easy . I be n´t really gonna kill ya , honest . jake oh , really . why should I believe you ? mccoy because my employer want you back alive . he give I the whole low down on you , how you could be stop and … jake who !?!?!?! mccoy I do n´t know…honest ! I never see he in person . he reach into he pocket and take out a gold medallion , which Jake immediately recognize . it have a picture of a pentagram on it . mccoy he want I to show you this … say it belong to you … jake lazlo ! mccoy who ? jake shut up ! I be n´t talk to you ! I ´ll take that gun of yours . and this rope you have too . Jake then tie he to a tree and throw the rest of the weapon away . mccoy look , I be n´t gonna kill you — just deliver you to he , like he want . jake well , heus damn right about that . I want nothing to do with he . mccoy well , I think you probably should —he have you friend by now — jake look around — call out . jake Ralph ? mccoy he 's catch . jake like you — jake growl at he , ferocious . mccoy w.. what be you gonna do to I ? jake me? nothing . but they do n´t look too happy with you . Jake look to the side and we see hungry werewolve approach , growl . mccoy no , please , do n´t leave I tie up here ! without my weapon they´ll kill I ! jake like you kill that poor soul before . you scavenger seem to forget that we be human once , just like you . you own kind ! you´re worse than a animal . they kill because of the gene in they body . you kill only for sport and greed ! Jake turn and leave but not before take the bounty hunter´s duffel bag with he . this weapon will come in handy later on … mccoy no! wait ! please !! the werewolve approach the tie up hunter and he scream as they tear into he as we tilt up to the full moon . he scream . CUT to : Morning . the sun have make its way on the horizon . City look desert . Ralph wake up from where heus sprawle out on the park bench . he spit out a bone he have in he mouth . he get up and start walk . he go to the nearest telephone and make a call . ralph yeah , it 's I . ( pause ) . I do what you say . ( pause ) I need a place to stay — I just do n´t want any of you thug beat the shit out of I when I come knock … he hang up the phone a moment later and walk on … int . lazlo 's apt . ralph be in the midst of talk … ralph he 's come for you , lazlo . he know you´re behind the setup . I ´ve do everything you ask so far — kill the norm outside the apartment , even plant jakeus shjrt on him as incriminate evidence . now it 's you turn — make I into a real werewolf ! I promise to serve you loyally ! lazlo fool . if you'd betray you best friend whose to say you would not betray I one day ? ralph no , never ! I would never betray you ! please make I a real Wolf and will serve only you ! lazlo spineless dog shit . do you honestly think i´d really transform you into one of the better species ? ralph you promise ! we have a bargain . lazlo yes , I promise I would change you and so I shall . in a few moment you´ll be dead . that 's a change from be alive , be n´t it ? ha ha ha ha ha !!!! he lunge at ralph and kill he horribly , there 's lot of gut and bone break . CUT to : ext . central park — Jake be walk around , look for he friend . he call out — jake Ralph ! Ralph ! there be no reply . he continue on . jake damnit . ext . CITY - Jake be walk out of Central Park , no one around except a bum who have a sign near he that read '' will work for human flesh '' . otherwise , the street be empty . he look up at the gargoyle on building . everything he see seem to disgust he about the city — itus write on he face . ext . new york CITY — various shot of Jake walk in New York , think to himself . we get the sense that time be pass . he finally stop and pull out a chain with a figure of Christ on a cross dangle from it . the camera zoom in on it — jake ( v0 ) what the hell do my brother want ? allus I want be to get out of this city , be that too much to ask ? what the fuck do he want ? CUT to : flashback ( Black and White ) jake be sit on a park bench , look at the same cross . lazlo come up from behind he . lazlo pray to that God of yours again ? do you think heus go to cure you ? jake probably not . lazlo mother should never have give you that . it 's false hope , pathetic faith . jake maybe faith be all we have now … lazlo you´re confuse , Jake . my guidance be what you need now . you ´ve only begin to see the cruelty of man , the selfishness , the insolence . jake yes , they can be evil at time but there be good in they . I can sense it . lazlo you still want to be one of they , do n´t you ? jake and what 's so wrong with want to be a normal human be ? we mother and sister be normal and they be good people ! lazlo they be weak ! that 's why they be n´t give the gift ! jake the gift ? you call this power a gift ? to hunt and kill like a animal ? it 's more like a curse , a curse we father know only too well . lazlo we father be a great man ! kyou should thank that God of yours for give you the power we possess ! you do n´t deserve it ! jake listen to I lazlo . we must work together , seek out doctor and find a cure , not jut for we but for the other ! lazlo you´re a fool ! you always be . I do n´t want a cure ! I want to embrace it , to lead the other who be like we ! I want to crush the human to the ground until only we kind remain . with that declaration he storm away , into the park . CUT to : present ext . CITY jake finally , he throw up he hand , come to a decision . jake better to get it over with . ext . lazlous build : he finally make he way to lazlous building . he kick the recently kill body out of the doorway and continue on … jake come out , laz . I know you´re there . lazlo so , you ´ve come to join I at last , eh brother ? and why not , we´re still family , be n´t we ? jake cut the shit . do you think I would n´t figure out it be you who set I up ? lazlo I be hope you would . what better way to get you here . I want you here at my side , to rule this pathetic weak human who think they can hold US prisoner ! it 's we destiny ! we be strong ! jake you´re babbling , like a break record . lazlo you , of all people , should understand how I feel — or do you forget what they do to we parent . to we sister ? jake I feel the rage , too , but that 's not the way . what we do back at we village be wrong , evil , but now we can control it ! we can help by set a example to that who suffer from the disease . lazlo do you polish you halo everyday ? jake this be insanity . even if I want to help you , which I do n´t , how do you plan on take on all of the norm ? they outnumber we a thousand to one ! lazlo poor Jake . you never do have much of a imagination . what happen to you ? you be always the one that hold the faith , always search for that wonder cure that would make you '' normal '' . common . be you still ashamed of you heritage ? he lower he head in shame . he do n´t need to answer . lazlo that 's a shame . perhaps once you see what I ´ve accomplish for we kind you´ll think differently . come on , I have something to show you . Jake reluctantly follow lazlo down a dark corridor and down some stair . the place be spooky look , with cobweb and maybe some spider around . there be a few body part also lie about . lazlo do excuse the mess . it 's just so hard to find good help this day . he smile a evil smile , turn and walk away . jake look , just show I where Ralph be — that bounty hunter say you have he . lazlo do n´t answer . Jake follow … the two walk until they come to a room with a jail cell in it . the cross and bulb of garlic hang from the bar . this be where kessa have be keep . she look very drain and sad . Jake sniff the air in front of he . jake a vampire ? you ´ve capture a vampire ? lazlo ignore Jake . instead , he rattles the cell bar with a nearby stick . lazlo wake up my dear , wake up . we have a special guest . kessa fuck off dog breath ! jake I always think you be just a little nut . do n´t you realize that she kind will come look for she ? kessa that 's what I keep tell he but heus a little thick . lazlo silence ! ( to jake ) now , dear brother , it 's common knowledge that the vampire legion leave this city year ago , right around the time the meteorite collision with the moon , which bring forth more of our kind . ( pause ) I have this one ship in especially for my experiment , which I must say have show very pleasing result . kessa ( to jake ) he plan on kill I . you know , to show what a big wolf man he be and all … . jake ( to lazlo ) you should really let she go — vampire be not good to mess with — kessa that 's right . we´re gonna suck the blood out of you hide ! jake I ´m not go to go along with this , you know . I ´m a lot older now , laz . a lot have change since we be kid . lazlo ( whisper to himself ) yes , a lot of thing have change . at this point lazlo triggers he own transformation , into that of a monstrous hybrid of vampire and werewolf . the change be dramatic , the most dramatic transformation we have see yet . he smile , evilly , as he growl , get into the pain of the change . his eye turn yellow , he clothes rip as fur appear across he forearm . his tooth grow extra long , saliva pour out he gape mouth . his ear grow long and pointy . while this be go on kessa get jakeus attention . kessa get I out of here now and I promise you´ll be spare . he turn from she to he brother , who be midway change . when he turn back to she she demeanor be more helpless and tone more plead . kessa please , do n´t let he kill I — Jake make he decision . he tear away the religious artifact from the cell bar and start to bend they . but before he can finish create a hole big enough for the vampire to fit through lazlo have now fully transformed into the creature . and attack he … the be / bat lunge at Jake and they take down a door and end up in the next room . as they fall and roll , the bounty hunter´s duffel bag rip off of Jake . the fight continue … lazlo bite jake just as he start to transform into he wolf form . jake roll on the floor in great pain as the vampire blood mix with he own , transform he into a similar look creature to lazlo . he be brownish in color , though , while lazlo be black / blue . Jake stare at he brother´s yellow eye , communicate a question which we hear . as brother , they can speak to each otherus mind when in wolf form . audible over they growl be what they be say to each other … . jake ( vo ) my god , what have you do to I ? lazlo I ´ve give you the gift of immortality . in short , I ´ve turn you into a better creature such as myself . you should be grateful . jake look away for a moment , stare at he hand , which be now webbed . he stare back at lazlo . jake grateful ? grateful ? you ´ve make it worse !!! jake lunge at he brother , renewing the battle . while they fight , kessa have manage to get out of she cell . she spot the duffel bag drop by jake and pick it up . she too be start to transform but not as severe as the brother . she now have fang and some fur on she face and claw . jake have now jump on lazlous back . jake ( vo ) forgive I , brother … and with a weird , savage growl that be a mixture of wolf and bat , Jake rip off he brother´s head . there be a lot of blood shoot out and the head roll to the end of the room , bounce off the wall . lazlous headless body tear Jake off and toss he to the side of the room , where he land on all four and growl like a savage animal . it 's here that jake see the mangle body of ralph on the ground . he be shocked — but not as shocked as he be to see the decapitate head of lazlo ( now human ) stare up at he and talk . meanwhile , lazlous headless body , still wolflike , be slowly pick itself up off the floor . lazlo do n´t look so sad , Jake . he deserve to die for double - crossing you . he´s the one who really set you up . jake can n´t take he eye off the impossibility before he . lazlo you look surprised . do you really think that would kill I ? lazlo start laugh . kessa enter the room , hold the bounty hunter duffel bag . and he gun . the one with the silver bullet . she fire at the headless body several time . the impact of the bullet push the body back but it do not kill it . strangely , the head of lazlo wince with slight pain with each bullet shot . the body turn around to '' face '' she . this give jake enough time to get to he foot . kessa look at the lazlo creature , then at jake — and gesture with she head that he should do something . she fire more bullet and this time lazlous head make a sound . this give jake a idea . he reach over and grab lazlous head — and run into the other room with it , where the jail cell be . lazlo what be you do ? in the other room the lazlo body be fumble around without eyesight to direct it . it be blind . kessa step around it and kick it in the ass as he dart into the other room after jake . jake have now return more to he human form , though he still have werewolf tooth and eye . jake what should I do ? kessa we have to separate he head from he body permanently , so he can n´t reform . — here — she take the head from jakeus grasp and throw the scream head into she coffin . jake now what ? kessa we have to fill the coffin with garlic and other religious artifact — the stuf for on the floor — Jake place reach into he shirt and reveal the cross and chain give to he by he mother — we see it have burn a mark into he chest . he then rip it off and place it into the box with lazlous head . it make jakeus hand smoke and be in pain , confuse . a sideeffect of lazlous '' gift '' . kessa flip the lid over as lazlo scream out — lazlo no , do n´t . don´t !!!! noooo !!!!! kessa pull Jake aside . kessa okay , letus go . jake wait , we´re not do . he might come after we — kessa I doubt it — she start pull he back towards the stair . kessa we really have to go -- jake why , what do you do ? to answer this we cut to the bomb stuff in the lazlo werewolf´s body pants . we see the number click by . a countdown . it be feel against the wall for the entrace to the jail cell room , try to find they . but without lazlous line of sight it be hard . kessa you´ll see — they scramble up the stair — but a hand grab she leg . she kick it off and they continue up to outside — they run out and pause a distance away . int . basement by now the werewolf body have find the head and take it out of the box — place it back on its shoulder . this be when lazlo feel — and then see -- the grenade stuff in he pants . he explode . ext . house — there be the sound of a explosion and some flame . both kessa and Jake stand and watch for a moment , before they continue . the sound of approach crowd — lazlous follower — be hear . ext . CITY — they be run down the street — kessa pull on he arm . they stop . jake what be it ? she be point at the horizon . kessa look — the sun be start to rise . jake what ? she make a sound and gesure with she hand , as if something explode . jake oh . you think ? she nod a yes . jake shit. letus go . they both continue … Jake and kessa duck into a nearby building –and see that it be to the staircase that go up . he look at she and she shrug . the sound of the crowd be still behind they . jake up we go . he walk past she and start up the stair . she follow , a bit reluctantly . on the way up they try get in through the door but they be all lock . they continue up . jake there must be a open floor up here — they continue … sound still behind they … finally they get to the top — and can see the sunlight leak in through the bottom of the doorway that lead to the roof . Jake peer over the stair and can see they come — he quickly take kessaus arm , open the door and pull they through . for a moment they´re both blind by the light . but nothing happen . they stand before the close door , incredulous . kessa examine she hand . no spontaneous combustion . kessa I can n´t believe it . the sun be up and I ´m not fry . I have n´t see daylight in six hundred year … jake must be one of the good side effect of lazlous experiment . maybe something good come out of this for you after all . she stare at he … . kessa why do you save I back there — when you brother be go to kill I ? jake i… do n´t know . I guess I have this annoying habit of help people who need it . ( pause ) . why do n´t you split after we kill he ? kessa I figure i´d return the favor . there be loud bang on the door , but it hold . they hear the angry mob of lazlous former follower . the door will n´t hold for long . jake we´re trap . kessa walk to the edge of the building and look down . at least ten storey above the street . kessa maybe not — there be another way out . he stand beside she and look down below , shaking he head . jake do n´t you think if I could have do that year ago I would have ? no , it 's part of the curse . kessa no , you just need to take a step and the rest will happen — jake I tell you — kessa I think we can still fly . his eye light up . CUT to : the crowd have manage to get the door open . but when they step on the roof they see that kessa and Jake be nowhere to be see . angry man where do they go ? CUT to : ext . new jersey — a skyline shot of New York City widen out to show Jake and kessa stand side by side . jake I never think i´d be able to leave that place … life a funny thing . she nod in agreement and walk out of frame . jake what now ? kessa anything . everything . jake what do you want to do first ?. kessa how about get to know each other better ? she gesture for he to come to she . intention be clear . Jake smile and let out a wolfish '' howl '' as go to she . end >> back to book horror and Science fiction film | www.lindenmuth.com | brimstone media production , LLC . property of Kevin J. lindenmuth copyright '' 1999-2015 brimstone media production , LLC '' | all rights reserved | soul crafted by Glass Planet industry ''