music in : " Stone cold Dead in the market " by Louis jordon the title appear on black . they be intercut with close - ups of a fighter 's body . examples : foot move . credit over black . body lunge . credit over black . fist swing and punch at the air . credit over black . we catch a glimpse of young jake lamotta . then CUT to : int . barbizon plaza theatre - dressing room - night ( 1964 ) jake lamotta , wear a tux , be shadow - box . we be unsure of where he be -- he move in and out of the shadow . at 42 , he 's overweight and out of shape , but the ball of he foot still pop up and down like they be on canvas and he tiny fist still jerk forward with short burst of light . he be rehearse a nightclub monologue . jake good evening , lady and gentleman . it 's a thrill to be stand here talk to you wonderful people . in fact , it 's a thrill to be stand ! I have not see so many people since my last fight at madison Square Garden . after that fight , a reporter ask I , ' Jake , where do you go from here ? ' I say , ' to a hospital ! ' I fight one hundred and six professional fight and still none of they bum figure out how to fight I -- they keep hit I in the head ! and that 's why I be here tonight ... ( start to sing ) ' when the fighter 's not engage in he employment , he employment , although he be champ and quite the rage , he must go somewhere else to seek employment , seek employment . but a fighter 's life be not a bowl of cherries , still I would rather have a egg than a fist upon my face ... that 's entertainment ! ' int . cleveland arena - night ( 1941 ) bam ! jimmy reeve , a fast , black middleweight , jab lamotta , 19 year old , in the face . jake stagger forward . no matter how hard lamotta be hit , no matter how often , he always stagger forward -- like a bull . the bell sound . batter , jake slump on the stool in he corner . it 's September , 1941 . Europe and Asia be already at war . Young soldier , freshly recruit , dot the hostile audience -- each scream at the fighter in the ring . suddenly , word be exchange , a girl scream , and a soldier and a civilian stand and start swinging . and in the ring : jake lamotta take a swig of water and spit blood into the bucket he young brother , joey , hold for he . tony , he trainer , work the cut . joey you do not have to come to Cleveland to get beat by a " moulan yan , " Jake ! tony he 's get you , Jake ! you be outpoint ! you be come up for the tenth . you gotta knock he out ! the bell sound for the tenth . jake pull himself up and charge at reeve . reeve slide away , jabbing , punch , pile up point . in jake 's corner , joey stand and yell at jake : joey a grand apiece ! we get a grand apiece on this , Jake ! a fuck grand ! jake suddenly corner reeve and unleash a desperate , wild alley - fight attack . one ferocious punch after another . the spectator go wild ; everyone 's up for the kill . reeve stagger , then fall to the canvas . the referee count : referee one , two , three , four ... the gambler call out new odd ; ten to one for reeve , the underdog . joey , excited , see that time be run out and step in front of the bell . he swing he arm , pretend not to realize he literally hold back the timer 's arm for a few second . this give jake more time for a knockout -- but not enough . joey be push back and the bell ring at the count of nine , end the match . boos and cheer . the bettor scramble back to the bookie to get they money . jake dance around the ring , kissing he glove and thrust they toward the crowd . joey rush out and hug he . the announcer step into the ring with the mike : announcer lady and gentlemen , the winner , under the rule of the Cleveland box Commission , after ten round , by a decision -- Jimmy reeves . the announcer hold up reeve ' arm as he corner try to lift he off the canvas -- still out cold . two attendant bring in a stretcher . jake be stunne . he still prance around , now try to figure out what happen . he raise he arm in victory , and the fan go crazy , cheer , rip chair out , fight with the cop , throw bottle and junk into the ring . people go into the ring . joey ( to Jake ) do not get out of the ring . you win the fight -- let he go out first . CUT to : reeve be place on the stretcher . a ringside official signal the organist and she start to play the " Star spangle Banner . " reeve be carry out . only then do joey and tony escort jake out of the ring . ext . webster avenue and 169th ST. , the bronx - next day it 's a rough neighborhood , inhabit primarily by welfare case and street kid . in the street , two young punk , 13 or 14 year old , exchange word and start to fight . they friend cheer they on . salvy and joey turn the corner . joey salvy , would I steer you wrong ? let 's say that 's the truck ; it 's full of cigarettes , right ? now , two o'clock this morning we move the truck from here to there , ( he point ; the camera pan ) take the cigarettes out , sell them , make some cash . salvy hey but joey , you be think nickel and dime . the money 's with you brother . joey what do you want from my life , salvy ? he 's my brother . salvy he be not doin ' the right thing . he 's makin ' bean compare to what he should be makin ' . can not you make he understand that ? a cop go over and start to break up the fight . joey ( to cop ) hey , leave the kid alone . salvy get lose . ( joke , he know the cop ) hey kid , " a cop be a rat . " remember that , " a rat . " the kide yell . joey ( to cop ) hey Jimmy , here 's a dollar for you trouble . there 's some bum around the corner -- they need you help . cop keep the dollar , joey . get yourself a new suit . joey ( laugh ) here 's my new suit . ( grab he crotch ) right here . cop hey , do not get wise ! joey just kid , take it easy . ( to himself ) no fuckin ' sense of humor . salvy and joey continue to walk a little faster , giggle . int . jake and irma's kitchen - day jake , bandage from the reeve fight the night before , sit at the kitchen table ( he 's have a few glass of wine ) while he wife , irma , 19 , cook at the stove . jake get up and poke at the fry steak with a fork . jake this look do . irma it 's not do . jake it look do . I will take it the way it be . irma here 's you steak . you can not wait for it to be do . here . she slam the steak onto he plate , and reach back to the stove . irma ( cont 'd ) here 's you carrot . you be in such a hurry . you can not wait . jake no , I can not wait . you know when I wait ? when it 's important to wait . it 's not important to wait for no steak . it 's important to wait for reeves to leave the ring . it be not important to wait for no steak ! I win that fight . so , I stay in the ring , and that way I make sure everybody know it . I shoulda knock he out earlier , sonofabitch . he start to eat the steak . he take a drink of wine . jake ( cont 'd ) wait ! I will wait . but let I tell you , if this steak be the middleweight championship , I would show you how I would wait . I would eat it raw . I would drink the blood . I would eat it before it come out of the cow -- that 's how I would wait . ext . jake and irma's apartment build / tenement - day salvy and joey approach the building . joey I can not convince he . he 's get such a thick head , I would like to crack it open myself . believe I , my own brother . it 's very hard . you do not have to convince I -- I know we should be with Tommy . you talk to he . he do not listen to nobody . salvy look , I be just tellin ' you how Tommy feel . Jake be makin ' it hard on himself . Tommy want he with we . it 's as simple as that . they stop at the doorway . salvy ( cont 'd ) talk some sense into he , will ya ? you be still he brother . if he be not gonna listen to you , he be not gonna listen to nobody ! joey all right , I will try . see you later . salvy tomorrow , at the gym . do not forget . joey right , the gym . salvy leave . joey go into the building . int . jake and irma's kitchen - day joey be knock at the door . irma open it . joey ( notice Jake ) what 's the matter ? irma he 's do it again . joey ( go to Jake ) what 's the matter ? you be drink . you be eat like a animal . joey sit next to jake at the kitchen table . jake have a drink in he hand , and tear on he face . joey ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? jake ( get up ) nothing ... jake go into the live room . irma look at joey . joey follow jake . int . live room joey walk up to jake . joey hey , c'mon , what 's the matter ? jake ( privately , to joey ) I be not ever gonna fight Joe Louis , that 's what 's the matter . joey what be you talk about ? he 's a heavyweight . you be a middleweight . jake hold out he scar hand . jake look at this hand . this fuckin ' hand . I be bear with a girl 's hand . and even if I put on enough weight to be a heavyweight , I would be too slow to fight . no matter how big I get , I will never be big enough to fight Louis . jake pause . irma watch from the doorway . joey that 's what I be sayin ' . you should not even think like that . it 's crazy . jake I tell you one thing . ok , I will never be big enough to fight Louis , but I know joey , I know ... joey you know ? jake yeah . do I a favor . joey sure . what be it ? jake hit I in the face . joey ( after a pause ) you want I to do what ? jake you hear I , I say hit I . joey c'mon , Jack . you have a few drink . jake go ahead . I be not drunk . take you best shot . on the jaw . joey Jack , I get no glove . jake ( grab a nearby towel ) here 's you glove . joey wrap it around he fist . irma watch . joey hit jake with he right . jake hold fast . jake ( cont 'd ) go ahead . hit I . c'mon , do not worry about it . I want you to hit I with everything you get . joey haul off and land he a real belt . jake roll with it and stand firm . jake ( cont 'd ) again . harder . joey hit he again . jake ( cont 'd ) harder . go 'head . joey hit he again . jake ( cont 'd ) harder. ( grab the towel ) take the towel off . joey Jack ! enough ! jake go ahead . joey hit he again . jake hold fast . jake start to walk away . joey what be that for ? I know you can take punch . I can hit you from now to doomsday . what the fuck do that prove ? jake see that , I do not feel it . I can take it . I know I can take anybody . ext . gleason be gym - next day gleason 's , a small gym and fight club , stand on 149th Street and 3rd Avenue above a small sandwich shop . each day bobby gleason post a small sign alongside the door list the fighter who will be work out . jake 's name be post at the top ; the other name be unmemorable . int . gleason be - day gleason 's have a single sparring ring and ten training bag . about a dozen manager train they fighter out at gleason' . for 50 cent , spectator sit in the gallery and watch the workout . jake be sparring with joey in the ring . they have be work out for a while now . the bell ring end the third round . jake prance about the ring wait for the bell to sound again . at that moment , salvy , along with two other young " button " men ( actually , they be very young -- about joey 's age ) enter the gym . they be well - dress ( over-coat , tie , suit , flashy ring , etc . ) . they say hello to some people by the door . jake look over and notice they . salvy look over to the ring . salvy ( wave ) hey joey -- joey wave back . salvy ( cont 'd ) ( wave again ) Jake , how you doin ' ? jake nod to salvy very cold . salvy notice and can feel that he 's not exactly want there by jake . joey notice the same and become a bit nervous . salvy sit down near the ring but not as close as he would like to . his two friend , frankie and guido , sit nearby also . jake go to joey 's corner . jake do you know they be come up here ? joey do not answer . jake ( cont 'd ) answer I when I talk to you . joey yeah , yeah . they just want to talk to you . so I ... jake ( interrupt ) do not ever bring that kid up here again ! I be work out , I be killin ' myself in here , and they walk around like they fuckin ' own the neighborhood . salvy and the other see joey be chew out by jake . they begin to feel unwelcome at the gym . the bell sound . jake be more aggressive now as he corner joey . jake swing away with body punch . joey can not block they . salvy and the other watch . the bell sound again . with that , salvy and the other start to leave . salvy ( to joey ) hey joey , we better go . see you later . joey , daze , turn to wave . jake go 'head . Wave goodbye . they be you friend . jake watch they leave . jake ( cont 'd ) and that hard - on , salvy . who 's he think he be ? I be gonna let that fuckin ' hard - on come up here and act like a big shot . joey what be you get so hot about -- Tommy como tell he to come down here ... jake ( interrupt ) hey , I do not care about Tommy como . I do not care about Jesus Christ on the fuckin ' cross . I gotta give they a percentage of what I make ! I be in here break my ass , not they . do not ever bring they up here again . joey I do not tell they to come . Tommy como ... the bell sound again . jake hit joey a few more solid body punch . joey get angry and fight back with a flurry of punch which have no effect on jake . jake laugh . jake that 's right , fight back . I get laid three time before I come up here this morning and I can still break you ass . joey fight back , but it 's no use . joey you cocksucker . jake laugh . the two continue to swing it out , as salvy watch unseen from the doorway . ext . shorehaven pool - day ( 1942 - 43 ) the shorehaven Pool , spic-and -span in the summer sun be the close thing to a country club in the bronx . a eight foot fence stand between the pool and the street . jake , wear slack and a sportshirt , hang out with the " boy " near the bar area . older , " made " men play card . a young fan walk by and say : fan hey , Jake . at the opposite end of the pool where the girl gossip , and sunbathe , joey swap small talk with vickie , a school girl , about 15 . vickie be a knockout . salvy , frankie and junior be with vickie and she friend . they joke with joey . jake watch salvy and vickie . jake' p.o.v. : joey be talk ( pan ) to vickie . vickie giggle . joey stand and walk over to jake . jake ( refer to vickie ) who 's that ? joey whadda you care ? jake whadda ya mean , whadda I care ? who be she ? what 's a matter ? you afraid I be gonna take she on you ? joey no , I be not afraid . why ? you wanna meet she ? jake yeah -- joey Cause I will go right over there and bring she here . jake go 'head . joey you sure you wanna meet she ? do not make I go over there , you change you mind and you make I look bad , cause she 's really a knockout . she 's 15 , this kid -- a great piece of ass . jake how do you know ? you know she that good ? joey no , I see she around the pool . I know she . I know she like that -- not like that . jake ( gesture to he bandage ) Nah , not now ... I wanna wait . I do not feel right ... jake watch vickie . int . jake and irma's apartment , live room - late night joey ( to Jake ) I be tellin ' you , she will be there , I know she will be there . jake ' Cause I wanna catch she alone . joey how you gonna catch anybody alone at a dance ?... I do not know if she will be there alone ... she will probably be there with she girlfriend or something . jake she ever go with they ? like salvy ? joey Nah , she do not go with nobody . she 's only 15 year old . jake what do that have to do with it ? she do not look 15 to I . I hear something ' with salvy . she be with he once or something ' , I think . it be like some blonde . that 's the one ... joey probably . you know she talk to everybody , and not just he . jake yeah , she 's nice . joey ah , some piece of ass , I be tellin ' you . jake you be not with she , be you ? joey huh ? jake you be not with she ? joey with she ? how ? jake you know , like bang she or anything ? joey ah , no , no . I do not bang she . I know she from around here , that 's all . you want to meet she or what ? jake Nah , not now -- all that hard - on around . I will wait . not now . the scene end on vickie as jake watch she . int . jake and irma's apartment - live room - late night joey ( to Jake ) I be tellin ' you , she will be there , I know she will be there . dress up and everything . jake I do not like all that other clown around . that 's all I know . joey c'mon , hurry up . we be never gonna get outa here tonight . joey sip a drink as jake knot he tie . irma enter from the bedroom . irma where you go at this hour ? jake what be you , a cop ? I be goin ' out -- business . irma you fuckin ' worm , if you be go out , I be go out . jake and where you goin ' ? irma none of you fuckin ' business . joey lift he eye up . jake eh , go out . do what you be gonna do . what do I care ? joey open the door to leave . jake follow . irma that 's right -- run out . I be not gonna be here when you get back . int . jake and irma's apt . build - hallway - late night jake and joey hurry down the stair . irma shout after they . irma bunch of guy . you all hang out together . yeah , you be all go out on business . you be all gonna suck each other off . int . jake and irma's build - ground floor - late night joey what a mouth on she -- you shoulda hit she -- no good fuckin' jewish cunt -- breakin ' we ball . you shoulda hit she with a chair . jake hey , watch you mouth . do not talk like that . she 's still my wife . joey no , but Jake ... how much abuse can you take . jake ( interrupt ) how many time do I have to hit she ? I hit she enough . they exit to street . ext . jake and irma's apartment build - STREET - late night joey and jake come out of the building and start walk down the street . irma open the window on the second floor right above they , and shout out to they : irma go ahead -- that 's all you be good for -- to go out and leave I here like a dog . you and you brother ! you do not even look like brother . you look like faggot ! that 's what you look like -- faggot ! jake and joey walk faster down the block , pretend that irma must be shouting at someone else . she throw a bottle at they . it smashes in the street . ext . webster hall - night ( a hour later ) establishing shot . int . webster hall - night a neighborhood dance be in progress . a small band be play while mainly older couple dance . there be two priest present . the young people be divide into two group -- the boy , who be dress in suit and tie , and spend most of they time at the bar area -- and the girl , who be in evening dress , and spend most of they time dance together . some of the more popular girl be surround by " wise - guy . " there be table near the dance floor with " set up " ( bottle of scotch , rye , and a bucket of ice ) on they . this table be the " basis of operation " for different neighborhood group , as if they be street corner . jake and joey be walk toward a table . vera , a young neighborhood girl , block they way as she bend over to talk to some guy at a table . vera 's well - build , and know it . joey try to move one way ; vera again block he way . this little game go on for a few second , then : joey look , could you move a little . would you mind , darling ? vera mind what , Mr. Big shot ? jake ( annoyed ) eh , girlie , take a walk . jake start to move forward ; joey stop he . joey ( to Vera ) all right , darling , I will just stand here and wait . joey cup he hand and grab vera 's breast . vera squeal , cover she breast , and move back . joey and jake walk past she . joey smile . joey and jake sit down at a empty table . jake do you see she yet ? joey give I a chance . let I look . moving shot jake try to find she -- camera pan until we find she . joey point out a distant table . he spot vickie with a couple of other girl . vickie lock beautiful and be obviously have a good time . joey ( cont 'd ) there she be over there on the other side . what do I tell you ? oh , be not she nice ? ai not she a fuckin ' doll ? as they watch , we see , from jake 's Pov : salvy , frankie , and junior show up at vickie 's table . they be in overcoat and hat and do not sit down . they be obviously on they way to bigger thing than a neighborhood dance -- and vickie and she girlfriend be glad to go with they . they get up to leave . jake be right back . salvy , frankie , junior , vtckie and the other two girl leave the dance hall . jake , unseen , follow they to the entrance way , as they go out onto the sidewalk . ext . webster hall - night jake watch as salvy usher everyone into he cadillac , and then drive off . jake stare after the car for a moment , then go back inside . ext . shorehaven pool - day ( 1942 - 43 ) jake and joey get out of they Packard convertible and walk over to the fence surround the pool . vickie be by the pool . joey ( call out to vickie ) hey , vickie , c'mere . do not be afraid . c'mere . just say hello . this be my brother . vickie come over to the fence . joey ( cont 'd ) vickie , I want you to meet my brother , Jake . he 's gonna be the next champ . jake put he finger through the fence . jake joey say you want to meet I . be that right ? you want to meet I ? vickie ( to joey ) I just want to say hello . jake you want to say hello , eh ? I can not believe it . when do you fall outa heaven ? anyone ever tell you you be the most beautiful one here , princess of the pool . you get a baby face . look at mine . whatcha wanna meet I for ? vickie I do not know . ' Cause you be cute . jake ( to joey ) ya hear , joey ? she think this face be cute ? hey , whatcha doin ' now ? you wanna go for a ride ? pan to car . vickie sure . gimme a few minute . she start to go . jake hey ... she turn . jake kiss he hand and hold it up to the fence by she lip . ext . shore road - day jake drive he Packard convertible down shore Road . vickie sit in the passenger seat , she blonde hair blow in the wind . vickie feel jake 's eye all over she , and love it . on the radio , Bing crosby sing " just one more charce . " ext . miniature golf course - day jake park across the street from the new miniature golf course on shore Road . the shore Road course be one of the best . the first green feature a pink windmill . jake and vickie get out to cross the street . vickie you do not talk very much . jake I be not ever talk to a movie star before . vickie ( giggle ) I be not no movie star . I be just in high school . jake oh no ? I think you be a movie star . a bus head toward they . vickie Jake ! the bus ! jake hold up he hand . jake any bus give you trouble , I knock it out for ya . the bus stop for they as they cross the street . ext . the first GREEN - day jake set vickie 's ball on the tee face the windmill . vickie you go first . let I watch how to do this . jake you do not get nothin ' do by watchin' . you just gotta do it . here , I will help you . jake hand vickie the putter , then move behind she and put she hand on the club . jake ( cont 'd ) that 's it . just grip up a little tighter . that 's it . you be gonna be real good at this . how do that feel ? vickie it feel real good . jake just keep you eye on the ball . vickie should I hit it ? jake just give it a nice little tap . vickie swing and the ball roll into the center of the windmill . vickie break free and follow she ball . jake follow . vickie I can not find my ball . jake can you see it ? vickie bend and look under the windmill . vickie no . jake bend and look . vickie ( cont 'd ) can you see it ? jake no. vickie what do that mean ? jake take vickie by the arm . jake it mean the game be over . jake throw he putter on the next green . jake ( cont 'd ) let 's get outa here . ext . arthur avenue apartment build - bronx - day jake and vickie pull up to a tenement . jake dash around the car to open the door for vickie . they enter the building . int . arthur avenue apartment - day joseph lamotta , sr. be finish he Sunday dinner with a glass of wine as jake and vickie enter . jake hi pop . this be my new girlfriend , vickie . V for victory . how do you like that pop ? joe lamotta V for victory . vickie ( nervous ) it 's a pleasure to meet you , Mr. lamotta . joe lamotta ( in italian ) sit down . eat something . jake be anxious . vickie be scared . jake c'mon , pop . you have be in America so many year . speak English . joe lamotta ( joke ) you want I to speak English -- fuck you . that 's English . jake pop , do not curse . there 's a girl here . I be gonna show she around the house . why do not you just finish you wine ? joe stare at he . jake grasp vickie 's arm firmly . int . arthur avenue apartment - bedroom - day the bedroom be a few room away from the kitchen . jake close the door . ( there be a warm light in the bedroom . ) vickie Jake , this be you father 's bedroom . jake that 's all right . he do not mind . the room be sparsely furnish . on the bureau , there be a large frame photo of the box brother : jake and joey lamotta . ( joey wear a suit in the picture . ) jake put vickie on the bed and remove he jacket and tie . vickie Jake ... jake it 's ok . he push she against the bed and gently undress she . they make love . int . olympia stadium - detroit ( feb . 5 , 1943 ) jake be fight sugar ray robinson . ( it 's they 2nd match . ) we see highlight of the fight : jake be fight ferociously , but sugar ray be a formidable opponent . a announcer's voice give a blow by blow description . jake take a lot of punishment from sugar ray -- until the 8th round . then , jake nail sugar ray with a savage leave . jake chase sugar ray and pound he with a leave and a right . sugar ray get in a right cross . they stand toe to toe , fight . then , jake land a leave to sugar ray 's stomach , and knock he through the rope . jake go after sugar ray , but the referee stop he . sugar ray get back into the ring and sink to one knee , while the referee count to 9 . the bell sound . time CUT : the announcer call out that jake be the winner . jake throw kiss . the crowd go wild . int . gleason be - day ( 1943 ) jake 's press conference . five reporter meander around the gym , wait for jake to finish sparring . they be not thrilled with they assignment . jake be not thrilled with have they there . the gallery be spot with the usual bronx type . the lone exception be vickie , dress very well , very sensual , and quite content to watch jake make he sparring partner ' life miserable , despite they head and belly protector . joey be off in one of the corner argue with one of the reporter : joey the fuckin ' papers be full of Robinson and nothing on Jake -- and Jake knock he clear outa the ring in Detroit . he 's the only guy ever to beat Robinson . whatsa matter with you ? I think we have a arrangement . reporter we do joey . you know we do . joey you hold I up for more cash or what ? the bell sound , end the sparring round . reporter I can not print nothing if Jake will not give I nothing . joey walk over to the ring . the reporter follow not far behind . joey c'mon , Jake . you be makin ' we look stupid . I bring this guy up here , now you do not wanna talk to they ? what be ya doin ' ? open you mouth , for christsake . jake nod he head , step out of the ring , and go directly over to the reporter , who be about to say : " hi , Jake . " jake ( interrupt ) I be tallin ' you now , when I read this , it better not make I look bad . reporter Jake , do I ever make you look bad before ? jake maybe it be not you , but you know what I be talkin ' about . joey ( interrupt ) do not worry . do not worry . it 's gonna be all right . ( to reporter ) ask he you question . reporter all right , Jake , you be be talk about as the top middleweight contender . do you think another victory over sugar Ray will get you a shot at the title ? jake why not ? there 's nobody else around who want to fight I ; they be all afraid . I do not see why I should not have a shot at the title right now . reporter well , the word be to get a title shot you have to cooperate with the people who control box , in New York . and they be say that you do not cooperate . jake you guy know more about that than I do . I just fight ... joey ( interrupt ) he fight the toughest guy around that everybody else be afraid to fight ... jake ( interrupt ) I be the only guy ever to beat sugar Ray , and I still do not have a shot at the title . reporter you just fight sugar Ray two week ago and you be training like this right now ... be you afraid sugar Ray might beat you this time ? jake I tell you what . you hit I here . ( point to he right cheek ) sugar Ray hit I here . ( point to he leave cheek ) I can not tell the difference . I just fight . jake turn to vickie , smile , and prepare for he next sparring partner . int . arthur avenue apartment - bedroom - day ( feb . 1943 ) jake , wear pleate dress slack , sit on the edge of the bed examine he muscle tone . he study he small fist . squeeze each knuckle . twist he wrist . clench . unclench . vickie step out of the bathroom wear a nightie and panty . vickie be you sure we should be do this ? jake come over here . vickie you say never to touch you before a fight . jake ( lovingly ) if you let I do it , I will murder you . come here . vickie you say I could not . you have be good for two week ... jake come here . jake watch vickie approach he . he respects she as he would a shrine ; he slowly remove she sheer nightie . his round hand caress she smooth skin . he glide he bruise knuckle across she shoulder , pride on he face . she kiss he bruise knuckle sensuously , then he bruise face . jake ( cont 'd ) take off my pants . vickie Jake ... jake do what I say . he touch she breast as she remove he trousers . jake ( cont 'd ) now take the rest off . vickie Jake , you make I promise not to get you excited . jake go 'head . do it . she pull off he short . vickie be now get excited . she kiss he chest and lick it . vickie I like the gym smell . jake now take you panty off . she do . jake ( cont 'd ) now , touch I ... ( take she hand ) ... here . vickie oh , Jake . she caress he broad shoulder and run she hand along he erection . jake 's lip be tremble . he quickly turn he back on vickie , go into the bathroom , and get a full glass of cold water . vickie watch as he put he erection in the glass of cold water . she be shocked and surprised . jake I can not do it . I can not fool around . this Robinson , I gotta beat he again . I can not fool around . do not come near I . jake grab she again and kiss she . then , gently but firmly , he turn she around and push she out . ( it 's start again , and he must stop it . ) he go back the bathroom and close the door . int . olympic stadium - detroit ( feb . 26 , 1943 ) this be jake 's rematch with sugar ray ( they 3rd fight ) . a announcer 's voice give a blow by blow description . the FOURTH round : jake be in serious trouble . sugar ray knock he with a hard right , then a series of rights and left . jake be punch all the way across the ring , but stay in there . the seventh round : jake , come on strong , force sugar ray into he own corner , then land a leave hook to he chin . sugar ray drop , and take a nine count . this time , however , the blow do not have a crippling effect on sugar ray ; instead , he come back and outbox jake . time CUT : the announcer call out the decision : sugar ray be the winner . jake be stunne . the crowd boo so loud and for so long that the announcer be unable to introduce the fighter in the next bout . int . olympia stadium - dressing room - night joey and tony be in the dress room . jake sit on the table , deject . his hand be be examine by a doctor . two hanger - on be also present . joey ( angry ) they rob we ! that fuckin ' judge -- what the fuck fight be they watch ? if I see they on the street , I will break they head . decision Robinson , my fuckin ' ass ! that judge give he the decision ' cause he 's goin in the army next week ! how else could this have happen ?... what do you think they give he the decision for , that 's why . jake ( almost to himself ) whadda I gotta do , joey ? I knock he down . what do I do wrong ? I do not understand . joey you win and be rob ! you do not do nothin ' wrong . jake I dunno . maybe I do not deserve to win . I have do a lot of bad thing . I dunno ... tony go to the door . joye fuck that . this be the fight . this coulda do it . this be we shot . they out and out rob we . mario come back from the door . mario vickie be here , Jake . jake I do not wanna see nobody . joey you want we to wait for you ? jake no , take she home . I wanna be alone for a while . everybody go . they exit . dissolve to : int . bathroom near the dressing room jake , now alone , go into the bathroom . he look in the bathroom mirror . after a pauseg , he touch he newly acquire bruise and bandage . he comb he hair . we hear the beginning of a early Frank Sinatra song . this song carry over onto the follow montage . montage this montage cover the period between 1943 and early 1947 . it show jake hard at work fight all the tough guy he can . each of the fight will be introduce by the corresponding title card from the " Big fights " film show a box glove with the fighter ' name and the place of the fight superimpose on it . the actual fight image will be black and white newspaper photo jump CUT together to simulate real action . for example : in still # 1 jake be about to land a punch on a opponent . CUT to : still # 2 , and the punch land , distorting the opponent 's face , sweat spraying out everywhere . live sound effect accompany this still . the fight still be intercut with 16 mm black and white home movie of jake , vickie , joey , etc. ( to be shot in 16 mm black and white ) . it will go something like this : a ) jake versus . fritzie zivic at the Detroit olympia ( January 14 , 1944 ) B ) jake , vickie , and joey , wear sunglass , pose in front of a cadillac . ( 1944 ) C ) jake VS. sugar ray robinson at madison Square Garden ( February 23 , 1945 ) D ) jake and vickie get marry . ( this will be a black and white still photo , pose especially for the occasion . ) ( 1945 , New Jersey courthouse ) E ) jake VS. sugar ray robinson at comiskey Park , Chicago ( September 26 , 1945 ) F ) jake and vickie on vacation -- very loving . they be dance , and he allow she to knock he into the pool . then , jake give vickie a present by the poolside . she open the box and take out a white garment and turban . she kiss jake . CUT to : vickie dress in the outfit . she look very much like lana Turner in " the postman always ring twice . " she kiss jake . ( 1946 ) G ) jake VS. jimmy edgar at Detroit ( the University of Detroit Stadium ) ( June 12 , 1946 ) h ) joey 's marriage . jake and vickie be there as witness . ( could also be a still photo as D be . ) ( 1946 ) I ) jake versus . bob satterfield at wrigley field , Chicago ( September 12 , 1946 ) J ) jake and vickie in front of they new pelham Parkway house . it be a affluent , split - level house , a idyllic scene -- stone terrace , freshly cut lawn , etc . jake carry vickie inside . CUT to : jake and vickie with they two boy jack , age 2 , and joey , age 1 in the backyard of the pelham Parkway house ; they be have a cookout . joey and he wife and they two child ( a boy and a girl about the same age as jake 's ) be there also . ( 1947 ) k ) jake VS. tommy bell at madison Square Garden ( March 14 , 1947 ) int . pelham parkway house ( 1947 ) we see a early model , round screen television . nearby a old radio . on it , Sinatra be finish the song we hear in the precede montage . jake enter , and turn down the volume on the radio . we see jake 's live room ; it be late forty modern . joey and vickie be seat around the coffee table , which be near the television . there be some remnant of a snack on the table . jake 's two boy be play nearby . jake ( to joey as he turn down the radio ) I just weigh myself - I be 161 . no more deal like this janiro bullshit . I do not tell you to do it in the first place . joey Jake , you be the one who say you could get down to 155 ! what do I do , pull it out of the fuckin ' hat ? jake ( angry ) well , sometimes you should not listen to I ! now I do not know if I can make it down to 155 . I be have trouble make 160 , and without tell I , you sign I for a fight at 155 pound , and if I do not make 155 , I forfeit $ 15,000 ! you be suppose to know what you be doin ' . you be suppose to be a manager ! joey you want the title shot ? jake say what you be gonna say . joey you want the title shot or not ? jake say what you gotta say . do not be a smart ass . joey ( yell ) this janiro 's a up -and -come fighter , this kid you gotta knock out . knockout this fuckin ' kid ! I be tell you , this be you step towards get a shot at the title . listen to I : I be tell you . you be killin ' yourself for three year . there 's nobody leave -- they be afraid to fight you . this janiro 's up - and-come . he do not know . fuckin ' tear he apart , wipe he out ! what be you worried about ? you weight ? look , even if you lose they be gonna think you be weak ; they be gonna think you be not the fighter you use to be . they will match you with guy they be afraid to match you with before , and then you will kill they and you will get you title shot . and if you beat this kid janiro , they gotta give you a shot at the title because there 's nobody else . either way you win and you do it on you own -- just like you want it . all right ? vickie joey 's right . janiro 's up - and come , he 's good look ... jake ( interrupt ) what do you mean , " good look ? " vickie well , he 's popular . a lotta people like janiro . you beat he and it only figure they will wanna see you get a title shot . but , what do I know ? I should keep my mouth shut , I should ... jake ( interrupt ) who ask you ? vickie but , Jake , I be just ... jake ( interrupt ) who ask you ? vickie I be just ... jake ( interrupt ) who ask you ? vickie , amaze , get up to leave . jake glare at she . vickie round up the kid and take they into the kitchen . ( moving shot ) . we see vickie in the kitchen angrily throw thing around . we clearly see the tension as she clean up , mutter to herself . jake ( cont 'd ) ( turn to joey ) all right , manager . everybody have they say around here . now this be what I be gonna say . I be gonna get down to 155 , and I be gonna destroy this kid -- get my title shot . and do not ever bet 15 thousand without my sayso again . jake come into the kitchen . he try to make up with vickie . she play hard - to-get . they begin to tease each other . int . copacabana lounge - night ( 1947 ) a comedian be in the middle of he act . jake , vickie , joey , and janet sit at a nearby table . janet , a attractive blonde , be be of joey 's girlfriend ; the moment you set eye on she , you know this be not he wife . the lounge be very crowded . the comedian interrupt he routine to point out that jake lamotta be in the audience , and even try a little harmless joke at jake 's expense . comedian lady and gentleman , I would like to point out a special guest we have with we tonight -- the rage bull , the bronx bull , Mr. Jake lamotta . there be applause . jake smile , and give a hesitant wave . comedian ( cont 'd ) stand up , Jake , c'mon . oh , you be stand . sorry. ( laugh ) just kiddin ' , Jake . jake wave a fist at the comedian , good - naturedly play along with the joke -- even though he hate it . jake ( to joey ) look at this abuse I gotta take . joey , vickie , and janet be amused . jake ( cont 'd ) ( joke ) what 's so funny ? ( lift he glass ) cheer ! post-time . joey , vickie , and ... ( to Janet ) what 's you name again , darling ? janet Janet . jake smile . they all drink . salvy , a little older , but still young - look , and dress even better than when we last see he ( flashy ring , etc. ) , come over to they table . he walk around like he own the fuck place . jake hate it . salvy hi , joey . Jake , how you doin ' ? vickie ... they respond . jake be cold towards salvy . salvy go on he way to como 's table . as salvy walk away , jake turn to vickie . jake what be you lookin ' at ? you lookin ' at he ? vickie no , I be not . I be look at you . jake do not tell I " no . " I see you lookin ' at he . why , you like he ? vickie I be not interested in he . jake you be not interested in he ? vickie no , I be not . jake in other word , you be not interested in he but you would be interested in somebody else , right ? vickie Jake , c'mon now . do not start . jake ( turn to joey , refer to salvy ) look at this , all of a sudden everybody 's a fuckin' Romeo around here . do you see the way she be lookin ' at he ? joey Nah , she would never ... jake ( interrupt ) do not you just see she lookin ' at he ? she tell I no , but I do not believe she . joey ( uncomfortable ) c'mon , Jake . you know she 's crazy about you . jake give he a suspicious look . joey feel uneasy . jake I would just love to catch she . oooooh , I would just love to catch she once . drink arrive at they table . waiter this be from Tommy como . jake look up but can not see where como be . joey get up . joey ( to Jake ) Excuse I for a minute . be right back . jake ( sarcastic ) do not be long . I be afraid with all this tough guy here . joey go to como 's table in the rear of the lounge . jake slide over and watch . joey shake hand with como . salvy be there at como 's table . joey come right back . joey Jake , come over for a few minute . Tommy want to say hello to you . c'mon , just come and say hello . jake do not like the idea , but go along with it anyway . another angle : como 's table . jake come over . jake hi , Tommy . how be you ? tommy Jake , sit down for a minute . jake sit . salvy smile and nod to jake . jake barely nod back . tommy ( cont 'd ) ( he arm around Jake ) fuckin ' kid ! you be the best fuckin ' fighter around . love what you do to satterfield . they " moulan yan " -- forget about it . they be all afraid to fight you . jake ( a little embarrassed ) c'mon , Tommy -- tommy how you feelin ' ? ok ? you feelin ' good ? jake never feel better . tommy tony janiro 's gotta watch out , eh ? jake he should . tommy ( to salvy ) this janiro 's a good fiahter , pretty good - lookin ' kid . salvy Bet on he three time . always come through for I . jake just stare , hold he anger in . there be a pause . tommy how 's the weight ? ok ? jake yeah , the weight 's ok . another pause . tommy smile and move closer to jake . tommy all right , lemme ask you something . let 's say I be a good friend of yours . and I be tell you I be gonna bet a lot of money on you in this janiro fight . what would you tell I ? jake I would tell you to bet a bundle . tommy sip he drink . int . pelham parkway house - bedroom - night vickie be in bed try to sleep . jake come out of the bathroom half - dress , and sit on the edge of the bed ( preoccupy ) . silence . jake vickie ?... vickie , you asleep ? vickie what ? jake you asleep ? vickie yeah . jake huh ? vickie yeah , what ? jake tell I , you think of anybody else when I be make love to you ? vickie nobody . I love you , remember ? jake then why would you say that thing about tony janiro ? vickie what do I say ? jake that he 's get a pretty face . vickie I never notice he face . jake you sure you be not think of he right now ? vickie positive . jake you be the one who say he be good look . you think he 's good look ' cause I know you think he 's good - look . I will smash he face inside out . I will make he into dog meat . nobody 's gonna think he 's good - look when I get through with he . so you just go ahead and think about who you want . vickie freeze . int . worth STREET basement - day tony janiro , wear boxer trunk , step off the scale . commissioner col . eddie eagan , a white - haire , heavyset man in he mid-forty , call out the weight . the basement of the New York box Commission on Worth Street be a sparse room , crowded with reporter , trainers and manager . eagan tony janiro , 151 lbs. and one half . jake step on the scale . he look weak and woozy . after the customary adjustment , eagan call out : eagan ( cont 'd ) Jake lamotta , 155 lbs. and one fourth . there 's a commotion in jake 's camp . janiro smile . jake just a minute . jake , joey , and tony confer . jake get off the scale and enter the men' room . a official follow he . int . the men' room jake force himself to urinate . int . worth STREET basement jake come out of the bathroom , and get back on the scale . eagan ok . this be official . lamotta stare at janiro . eagan ( cont 'd ) lamotta , 155 lbs. on the nose . jake throw janiro a kiss . int . madison square garden - night it 's the last round and jake be pour it on a beat and virtually helpless janiro . the crowd chant : crowd lamotta . half the audience be already on its foot . the kill be imminent -- and they love it . jake land one blow after another . he be relentless . several row back , tommy como , salvy and several other " made " guy sit with sober look on they face . jake move in fast , and with a powerful barrage , smashes janiro 's nose -- plaster it against he leave cheek . the final bell ring . janiro , he leg all rubber , stagger back to he corner . jake prance about , kissing he fist and throw they to the crowd . joey rush out , throw jake 's leopard skin robe over he and embrace he . tony follow . jake look right at como and salvy . a announcer step into the center of the ring : announcer the winner , by unanimous decision , in ten round , Jake lamotta ! joey I love you . jake , weak from lose the weight and win the fight , still manage to prance around the ring victoriously . vickie , now near the ring , throw kiss to jake . jake ( shout to vickie ) this be my night ! listen to they ! I be gonna be champ ! he bend down and give she a kiss through the rope . jake ( cont 'd ) I be make everything up to you . int . copacabana - night ( 1947 ) joey be at the bar with a detroit promoter and jackie curtie . detroit promoter when we gonna get Jake back in Detroit ? Jesus , he really do a job on janiro . who you after next , joey ? joey ( evasive ) I dunno . we be work on it . he 's training at the camp now . jackie curtie after what I see , they gotta give he a shot at the title . joey we be gonna get we shot . the detroit promoter introduce joey to jackie curtie . detroit promoter oh joey , this be Jackie curtie . he handle a lot of business in South Ohio . jackie curtie I like you brother . make a lot of money on he . joey betcha more than he have . jackie curtie make a little cabbage on the Tommy Bell fight too . whatever happen to he ? joey ai not he dead ? detroit promoter Nah . he 's get a job downtown . run a elevator in some building . joey yeah ? detroit promoter go down to see he the other day . I say , " Tommy , take I up to the fifth floor . " and you know , he take I right up there . jackie curtie yeah , Tommy always be a stand - up guy . salvy and patsy arrive with vera , sandy ( two neighborhood girl ) , and vickie . they go to a nearby table . the bar area : joey see this . detroit promoter joey , let I get you another drink . joey ( distract ) just a minute . Excuse I . I will be right back . the table area : joey arrive at salvy 's table . vickie be nervous . there be a cold exchange of ' " hellos . " joey ( cont 'd ) ( to vickie ) c'mere , let I talk to you for a minute . there be a awkward silence as he grab vickie by the arm and take she over to the hat - check area . joey ( cont 'd ) what be you doin ' with salvy ? you should not be here with he . Jake 's away killin ' himself . suppose he find out . vickie what the hell be I do wrong ? just because Jake be training , I can not go out ? what be I , a goddamn prisoner ? joey no , you be he wife . vickie I be not do anythina wrong . I be just try to have a good time . do I have to be coope up in the house all the time ? joey it do not look right . vickie well , go ahead , tell Jake . he 's gonna kill I anyway . it 's a matter of time . joey I be not gonna tell he nothing ; but if he find out , he will kill you . what 's the matter with you ? be not you happy ? you get everything you want . vickie you do not sleep with he . I do . I do not get to breathe without tellin ' he . he keep I in a cage . if he think I be lookin ' at somebody the wrong way , I get use as a punch bag . he do not trust nobody . if he see the two of we talk together right now , you would be in trouble too -- believe I . look at I , joey . I be 19 year old . I wanna enjoy my life . I love Jake , but you do not know . he get crazy sometimes . I be scared . joey try to understand , vickie . Jake 's get a lotta aggravation . he 's be a top contender too long . vickie that 's right , take he part . you be he brother . he 's never gonna be champ . too many people be against he . joey and you be drink with they right now . vickie and I be gonna finish my drink . and , I be gonna have a good time , because I be not do nothing wrong . she start to go back to the table . joey ( grab she ) you be wrong to be here . let 's go . vickie pull away from joey , and go back to the table . the table area : joey arrive at the table . he grab vickie . joey ( cont 'd ) I say , let 's go . salvy joey , relax . you be take this the wrong way . why do not you sit down and have a drink ? joey Excuse I , I be talk to my sister in - law . salvy Excuse I for live . joey what do you think , I be blind ? my brother 's break he ass in a ring , and you be here with he wife . salvy hey joey , I be here with patsy and Vera and Sandy . and vickie just happen to come along . we be just try to have a good time . what do you want from I ? so , why do not you just take it easy before this get out of hand . as the conversation get louder , people begin to notice . paul , the owner ( a tough -look , well - dress guy ) , and some bouncers also become aware of the argument . joey get the fuck outa here . what do you do , take you gangster pill today ? I will tear you fuckin ' head off you shoulder ! joey go for salvy . people react . the girl begin to scream . vickie exit . joey notice she leave , and call after she . joey ( cont 'd ) hey , wait -- paul come over and stop the fight . paul ai not you forgettin ' something ? ai not there never suppose to be no trouble in this joint ? salvy and joey give each other look . joey go out after vickie . ext . copacabana - night joey look up the street for vickie . she be go . salvy and patsy come out of the entrance . salvy hey joey , whadda ya lookin ' to die young ? joey ( as he turn and lash into salvy and patsy ) I will suck you eye out ! I will fuckin ' take the two of you . after a few moment , paul and the bouncers from the copa come out . the bouncers pull patsy away . they try to separate salvy and joey , but can not . joey savagely beat salvy on the copa step and in the street against the park car . joey ( cont 'd ) fuckin ' low -life , cocksucker , etc . ... salvy try to fight back , but joey be too tough for he . salvy hit the pavement . joey kick he . paul , patsy , and the bouncers finally pull joey away . patsy try to go after joey again , but paul stop he . patsy ( to Paul ) do not fuckin ' put you hand on I ! you be gonna near about this , Paul . paul ( to patsy ) get the fuck outa here . do not come in my place and start fuckin ' trouble -- I do not care who you be ! ( to joey ) get outa here . go on . joey look back at he , and then walk away . int . the back room of the debonair social club the room be furnish with a few round table and some chair ; it be somewhat reminiscent of a old - fashioned candy store . tommy como , salvy , patsy and joey be present . salvy 's face be bruise from the beat joey give he . como all rightg I do not have to hear any more . I think I understand what happen . I understand it be you brother 's wife and there be probably a misunderstanding . I be not sayin ' salvy should not have act the way he do . but , joey , you do not raise you hand . you do not do that kind of thing . this time we forget about it but no more after this . you understand ? joey yeah , I understand , Tommy . como all right , you guy , shake hand . salvy , joey , and patsy shake hand . como ( cont 'd ) go 'head . be friend . that 's it . ( to salvy and patsy ) all right , lemme be alone with he for a minute . salvy and patsy exit . there be a pause . como ( cont 'd ) aside from everything else , you family all right ? joey yeah , they be good . they be good , Tommy . como what be it with you ? can not you talk ? you get like a funny attitude . I can not figure you out , joey . what 's with you and the quick answer ? you wanna get outa here fast ? joey aw , Tommy , c'mon , it be not that . como look joey , I wanna tell you something . you brother be not gonna get nowhere without we -- nowhere . and I be tellin ' you between the two of we , it 's gettin ' to the point where it 's gettin ' to be a real embarrassment to I , a real embarrassment . joey how can he embarrass you ? como he 's a embarrassment because frankie and the other guy be expectin ' I to do something about it , and I be lookin ' very bad . I can not deliver a kid from my own neighborhood . why 's he make it so hard on himself ? he come to I , I can make it easier for he . joey Tommy , Jake respects you . he will not even say hello to anybody else -- you know that . but you know when Jake get set on something ' , Jesus Christ almighty could get off the fuckin ' cross and he be not gonna talk he out of it . I be he kid brother . I get no say with Jake on this . he think he can buck everybody and make it on he own . como make it on he own ? do he know the kind of money involved ? I mean the real money . he think he 's gonna become champ on he own ? we be gonna sit by and see some nut come in there and hold one of the most important title in the world ? a nut who do not listen to nobody or respect nobody ? be he really crazy ? listen , joey , you understand , you tell he . I do not care how great he be or how colorful . he could beat all the sugar Ray robinson and all the janiros he want to . he be not gonna get a shot at the title without we . I be not askin ' you to do another thing except get that message into that thick head ! ext . shoreraven pool - day another day . joey , fully clothed , open the gate and look around . jake be sit alone near the deep end . joey walk over to he . joey whatcha doin ' ? jake I remember the first time I meet vickie ... I know there 's something ' up . I know she 's doin ' somethin' , but I can not catch she ... joey maybe she 's afraid you be gonna hit she so she can not talk to you the way she want to . jake what do you mean ? joey try talkin ' to she . she 's you wife -- ask she what 's the matter . jake when I be away , do you ever notice anythin ' funny with she ? tell I the truth . joey Jack , if there be anything funny , I would tell you . jake I want you to keep a eye on she when I be not here . understand ? joey sure , I will keep a eye on she . jake what do Tommy say ? joey I get good news , and I get bad news . the good news be you get you shot at the title . the bad news be ... jake ( interrupt , resign ) yeah , I know . int . worth STREET basement - day as billy fox step off the scale , eddie eagan call out : eagan billy Fox , 173 3 / 4 pound . joey remove jake 's leopard - skin robe as he step on the scale . the reporter crowd around . eagan ( cont 'd ) Jake lamotta , 167 pound . jake' handlers urge he with word of encouragement as they walk toward he dress room . int . jake' dressing room - day eagan walk over . jake what 's up , Colonel ? eagan I would like to talk to Jake a minute . joey sure . eagan I suppose you hear what everybody 's be say , Jake . jake what who 's be sayin ' ? eagan you be a big favorite in this fight . then two day ago the odd start jump all over the place until you be a 12 - 5 underdog . jake I do not follow no gamblin' commissioner . I be just a fighter . eagan now the fight 's off the book altogether . meyer lansky could not get a bet down on this fight . some people be say you be go into the tank . jake believe what you want . eagan I want to believe you , lamotta . jake I be gonna kill he . that fuckin ' jig 's gonna wish he never come outa the jungle . you get any money ? eacan what ? jake you get any money you want to bet on billy Fox , you can put it right here ... ( extend he hand ) ' cause Jake lamotta do not go down for nobody . eagan tap jake on the shoulder . eagan that 's all I want to hear . jake glare at eagan as the commissioner walk away . int . madison square garden - night ( NOV . 14 , 1947 ) the old Garden be pack . the ex-champs , the PRESS , the official , the mob guy , the fan -- they be all here . the fighter be announce . billy fox and jake touch glove and return to they corner . fox be taller and have a longer reach than jake . the bell sound and the fighter come out . fox go to the head ; jake go to the body . fox land a solid blow to jake 's jaw , but lamotta be unfaze . fox be surprised . in the past , he opponent have go down when he connect . in the audience , como , salvy , and some other boy watch with interest . jake move in with a rapid series of trademark body blow . all of a sudden , fox be wobbly . jake go for the head , then cut he punch short . fox be about to go down . jake throw he arm around fox to make sure he do not fall . jake ( to Fox ) stand up ! what the fuck be you doin ' ? the referee break they apart and fox remount he attack . jake bicycle into a corner and let fox work he over . fox connect : once , twice , three time . jake barely defend himself -- but he do not go down either . the crowd start to smell a fix . there be call from the audience . crowd get you swim trunk on , Jake ? I hope they be pay you enough . Fake , fake . time CUT : jake 's corner . jake be act stunne . tony , not aware of what 's go on , be slapping jake . tony what 's the matter with you ? what 's the matter with you ? time CUT : the sign read " round four . " jake be in the center of the ring take a relentless pasting from fox . jake 's arm hang at waist level ... fox land one blow after another . the stink of a fix permeate the arena . jake be furious that fox can not deck he . he curse through he mouthpiece ( as he absorb blow after blow ) : jake hit I ! hit I ! what 's the matter with you , you motherfucker ? hit I ! boos and catcall echo through the Garden . this be not even a fight . the referee , realize this , step in between fox and lamotta , wave he arm and signal that fox be the winner by a technical knockout . as he do , jake spit he mouthpiece in disgust at fox and strut back to he corner . jake , joey , and tony be already on they way out of the arena as the referee declare fox the winner . como and the other , satisfied , get up to leave . int . jake' dressing room - madison square garden - night as a reporter and a photographer come through the door , we see and hear a commotion in the hall behind they . they rush in , look , and stop by the door . there be silence -- except for jake' uncontrollable sobbing . the atmosphere be like that of funeral . jake be seat behind the rub table . he be still in he leopard-skin robe . his head hang low as he sob . the photographer snap a picture . the handler motion to he to stop , and then go and sit near the door . the reporter still stand near the doorway , seem quite stunne by the scene he be witness , but nevertheless continue to scribble away on he pad . joey , stand near jake , have he back to everyone ; he shoulder be shaking , he lip be tightly draw . he cry soundlessly . tony be pace nearby . tony do not fight anymore ! ( pause ) it 's a free country , do not fight anymore ! jake ( between sob ) why do they have to stop it ? why do they have to stop it ? the reporter lean over to the handler and whisper . reporter what happen ? handler ( quietly ) he must have be really hurt in the 2nd . he do not answer I when I try to tell he something in the corner . jake , still bury in he robe , become aware of the hum of voice and shout out : jake get everyone out of here ! the reporter and the photographer leave . jake continue to sob . int . pelham parkway house - live room - day insert : close up of a Daily News headline from November 22 , 1947 : " board suspend lamotta . " jake , deject , sit on the couch . in front of he , on the coffee table be scattered several newspaper -- include the one with the headline we have just see . joey pace in front of jake . joey ( yell ) it woulda be so easy , Jack . so easy ... joey go into a box stance . joey ( cont 'd ) stick out you hand , Jake . jake c'mon , joey . joey g'wan , do it . ( jab at he ) protect yourself , rummy . jake , out of reflex , stick out he hand . as he do , joey feign a hit and fall onto the floor -- " out cold . " jake look down at he . joey pop to he foot . joey ( cont 'd ) see ? that 's all there be to it . jake what the fuck they want ? I take the dive . they want I to fall down too ? I do not fall down for nobody . I never go down in my life . joey , what do I gotta do ? crawl on my hand and knee ? I make a asshole of myself in the fuckin' Garden ! all the newspaper writer make fun of I . I be the bum of the year . all I want be a shot . just a fuckin ' shot . what do I gotta do ? I will do anything . joey except fall down like a normal person . jake yeah , except fall down . that 's right . joey all right , you do not wanna fall down , so now you gotta take a rest . so , you enjoy the suspension . ' Cause there 's nothin ' you can do about it . let the commissioner and the d.a. jerk you around . so you wait . jake Jesus Christ ! Seven month ! what be I gonna do for seven month ? I be gonna go crazy . how do I keep my strength ? by that time I will be too weak to win the title . and my weight ? forget about it -- I be gonna blow up like a balloon . I be not never gonna hold my weight down . Seven month ! I do not know ... joey we do what we have to do . Tommy do not forget . sooner or later you will get you shot -- if Tommy do not die . ext . book - cadillac HOTEL , detroit - day ( 1949 ) it 's raining outside the stately Book -cadillac . a banner above the door proclaim . the Book - cadillac welcome marcel cerdan middleweight Champion of the World and the Challenger Jake lamotta int . book - cadillac lobby - day the lobby be chaotic : fight people and sportswriter mill anxiously about . something 's in the air . the bell captain page : bell captain Mr. Williams . mr. william , the detroit promoter last see in the copacabana Lounge , answer the page . william listen on the phone a moment , then hand it back to the bell captain and announce : detroit promoter it 's official . the fight 's be postpone twenty - four hour . a groan go up from the lobby . int . lamotta's suite - day jake 's suite be modestly decorate and consist of a live room and two bedroom . dr . pinto be there sewing up a pork chop . jake , shadow - box in sportswear , pace back and forth . tony watch he . vickie sit quietly on the sofa , sip some wine . joey be on the phone . joey that 's right . " no comment . " ( listen ) you like that ? good , ' cause I get a lot more " no comment " where that one come from . joey cut the line off , then leave the receiver off the hook . joey ( cont 'd ) I be gonna order up some stuff . have a steak . jake I can not eat a steak . if I eat a steak , I be gonna have trouble make the weigh - in . joey so eat just a little . you gotta eat something . jar what be I gonna do for 24 hour ? I can not even eat ! jake go into the bedroom . joey go over to the doctor . doctor ( show he the pork chop ) how 's that ? joey how long do it take you ? doctor 45 second . joey no good . try to get it down . it 's gotta be no more than 30 second to be on the safe side if we gotta stitch he up . int . the bedroom jake be alone . there be a knock at the door . joey open it and poke he head in . joey Jake , somebody want to say hello to you . joey open the door wider . tommy como be at the door with joey . jake go over to the door . como hey champ ! jake Tommy , thanks for come over . como you just take it easy , now . you will do all right . feelin ' ok ? jake I be ok . como just come by to wish you luck . ( shake he hand ) need anything ? jake no , we be all right . thanks anyway , Tommy . como ok , champ . como turn to go . he say goodbye to everyone in the live room . he go over and kiss vickie . jake watch this from the bedroom doorway . como ( cont 'd ) ( as he kiss vickie ) look at she . as beautiful as always . take care of that guy , will ya ? vickie ( go to the door with he ) I will take care of he . thanks , Tommy . bye . jake ( to vickie ) c'mere . she go to the bedroom doorway . jake grab she arm , pull she in , and slam the door . jake ( cont 'd ) ( push she toward the bed area ) hey , you do not say goodbye to he like that . vickie what do I do ? jake ( push she ) you do not kiss like that . hello and goodbye , that 's all you do . vickie all I do ... jake ( interrupt ) you know what I be talk about . do not ever make I look bad on the night of my big fight . vickie you be hurt my arm . jake have she by the night table now . they be edging they way to the wall . jake shut up . you just say hello and goodbye to he . you do not kiss he the way you do . that 's out of line . jake push she against the wall . the lamp fall . there be a loud crash . she try to move away . he grab she by the throat and pin she against the wall . she 's gag . vickie but Jake ... I do not say anything ... jake do not ever do that again . you do not ( he push she against the wall ) do it ! vickie ( gag ) Jake ... joey look in and then start to come over . jake you hear what I say ? you do not do it . he push she again . vickie try to get away , but can not move . jake ( cont 'd ) ( push she again ) you do not do it . joey have he hand on jake 's arm , try to pry it away from vickie 's throat . joey Jake , Jake ... tony and the doctor watch from the doorway . vickie 's eye close . jake release he grip . joey help vickie . jake watch this . jake ( to himself ) she be not gonna ruin this fight for I . ext . brigg stadium - night ( JUNE 16 , 1949 ) Bright floodlight illuminate the arena . the weather 's clear and the stadium be fill with cheer fight fan . a announcer step into the center of the ring and begin it introduce the many celebrity that have gather for the fight . announcer and here be the young man who have inherite marcel cerdan 's european championship - Laurent dauthuille . dauthuille jump into the ring . while we hear he introduce the boxer and celebrity , we see a rapid montage : jake prepare for the title bout : pre -fight montage a ) jake and group arrive in the dress room . B ) in he bathrobe , jake put on he box shoe . C ) we see a pan with raw steak in it . joey drain the blood ( juice ) into a glass and jake take a long , slow swallow . D ) reprise of image from previous scene ( slow motion ) - new angle . tommy como shake jake 's hand in the bathroom doorway . vickie kiss como . Jake watch . announcer ( v.o. ) and we very special guest tonight need no introduction . the only man to defend the heavyweight crown a remarkable twenty - five time , the king of all heavyweight , the Brown bomber , Joe Louis . come into the ring , Joe . joe louis ( v.o. ) thank you , johnny . let 's bring the middleweight crown back to the old u.s.a. where it belong . many cheer . E ) dr . pinto inject a hypodermic needle fill with novocaine into each of jake 's fist . F ) joey massage jake 's neck . G ) jake 's hand be bandage h ) reprise of image from previous scene ( slow motion - new angle ) jake strangle vickie in the bedroom , then release she . joey look after she , but the image make they look as if they be make love . Jake watch . announcer and in this corner , the middleweight champion of the world , from casablanca , Morocco , the casablanca clouter , marcel cerdan ! I ) jake put on he cup and trunk . J ) mario lace up jake 's glove . k ) jake , ready to fight , a towel drape around he head , bounce on the ball of he foot . he start walk down the corridor from he dress room , surround by mario , joey , dr . pinto and he handlers . he enter the stadium . int . brigg stadium - night jake , wear he leopard -skin robe , be push through the crowd by joey , mario and he handlers . he 's still shadow box . jake step into the ring to both cheer and boo ( many still remember the Fox fight ) . jake raise he glove . announcer and in the opposite corner , from New York , New York , the challenger , the bronx bull , Jake lamotta ! jake shake hand with the assemble celebrity and ex champion . jaye I only wish it be you , Joe . joe louis win the belt back for we , Jake . good luck . jake glance at vickie who be sit in the third row . she be nervous . time CUT : the open bell sound . cerdan and lamotta touch glove and begin to fight . jake be hot : there 's no stop he tonight . he fight like a man possess . cerdan clinch jake to avoid he brutal body blow . jake push he out of the clinch in disgust . there be no more boo . jake have win over the crowd . time CUT : end of round nine . jake be work over a bloody cerdan . punch to the body , then to the head , then back to the body . the bell sound . jake walk back to he corner and sit down . joey be ecstatic : joey look at he , Jackie ! you get at ! the fuckin ' championship ! he 's yours ! finish he off . jake do not have the chance . the referee , stand in cerdan 's corner , wave he hand signal the end of the fight . the referee hold up jake 's hand as the announcer take the mike : announcer the new middleweight champion of the world by a knockout after nine round , the bronx bull , Jake lamotta ! joey be all over he . tony help vickie through the mob . in he corner , cerdan hold he head in he hand and say , " my title , my title ! " the official clear a circle as they bring over the jewel studd championship belt . joe louis fasten the belt around jake 's waist . jake touch the oversize belt with he bloody glove . tear fall across jake 's huge grin as he hold he hand high in the air . it be the most glorious night in he life . ext . " jake lamotta be " - night ( 1956 ) the name " Jake lamotta 's Lounge " be emblazon in neon across a lounge / liquor store on Collins Avenue , Miami 's main drag . jake 's bar be across from the rooney Plaza , one of Miami 's more prestigious hotel . fifty car be park outside the club . int . " jake lamotta be " - night jake lamotta , 34 year old , wear a tux , step in front of a large paint wall mural of the cerdan fight as he enter he club . the Lounge be dominate by a large circular bar . feature entertainer perform on a raise platform in the center of the bar . the club be half fill with sport , entertainment and mob type . the small band play a routine fanfare as jake step onto the platform . he take the mike with one hand and silence the band with the other . the applause die out as he speak : jake good evening , lady and gentleman . it 's a thrill to be standin ' here talk to you wonderful people . in fact , it 's a thrill to be standin' . I have not see so many people since my last fight at madison Square Garden . after that fight a reporter ask I , " Jake , where do you go from here ? " I say , " to a hospital . " about half the patron be listen ; of they , half be laugh , some a little too loud . jake ( cont 'd ) I fight one hundred and six professional fight and none of they bum figure out how to fight I -- they keep hit I in the head ! ( call to the bar ) will somebody at the bar -- Linda ? - get I a drink . I figure if I be gonna work to drunk I might as well be one of them ! I like this place . it 's a family type club ... every night I see a lot of father sit out there with they young daughter ! that 's nice . linda hand he a drink . jake ( cont 'd ) thanks , honey . -- she 's terrific . the kinda girl you wanta take home to meet you father . especially if you old man 's a degenerate ! -- here 's a toast ! " to you health ! you only live once . but if you play it right , once be enough . " I should not be drinkin ' like this ' cause I be tryin ' to lose weight . I be on this terrific diet -- I be allow to eat anything I want . as long as I do not swallow it ! well , I never have much luck with my weight . in fact , -- I never have much luck with anything -- until about a few year ago , when this happen -- he indicate the blow - up behind he and wait for applause , of which there be some . jake ( cont 'd ) ... thanks , I be glad to see you remember . for that of you that do not ... that 's I takin ' the title from cerdan . you know , the tough thing about winnin ' the title ... the next thing you gotta do be have a rematch ... just to show it be not no fluke . so what happen ? marcel cerdan , a really great champ , after I beat he ... he get himself kill in that airplane crash ... a pretty rotten break for he . that 's why I do not like to fly . people say to I , " look , Jake , when you time be up , you time be up . " and I say , " yeah , but suppose I be on the plane and the pilot 's time be up ? " as good as cerdan be , I could have take he again . but I never get the chance to prove it be not no fluke . he get kill but he get to be what they call a legend . I do not know what 's worse -- bein ' a fluke or bein ' a legend . -- that 's the kinda luck I get . that 's why I quit the ring and move down here from New York . my wife say , " you gotta get outa this town , Jake . " come to think of it ... the box commission say the same thing ! but I do not miss New York . give I Miami any day . the audience applaud . jake ( cont 'd ) Miami 's a great place . I get along with everybody in this town ... even the police force ... they get the best cop here money can buy ! -- only kiddin' . by the way ... I and my wife vickie 's gettin ' ready to celibrate we eleventh wedding anniversary . more applause . jake ( cont 'd ) we get along real great . we fight a little but I never really belt she on purpose . once in a while I be standin ' there doin ' little shadow - boxin ' and she happen to walk right into the shadow ... I can not help that . she say , " whataya hittin ' I for ? " I say , " it 's nothin ' . it 's only a love tap . " she say , " it 's a good thing you be not crazy about I ! " -- I be crazy about she . I hear she talkin ' to a friend on the phone and she be sayin ' , " after eleven year , I be still in love with the same guy . " -- if I ever find out who the bum be , I will kill he ! woman . you can not live with them , you can not live without them . then , suddenly , fall into character ... he quote lago 's speech in othello . jake ( cont 'd ) " ' oh , beware , my lord , of jealousy . it be the green -ey monster , which doth mock the meat it feed on . that cuckold life in bliss who , certain of he fate , love not he woronger ; but o , what damned minute tell he o'er who dote , yet doubt -- suspect , yet fondly love ! " -- that 's from something ' call " othello " -- or , alternate speech : jake ( cont 'd ) be whisper nothing ? be lean cheek to cheek ? be meeting nose ? kiss with inside lip ? stop the career of laughter with a sign ? -- a note infallible of break honesty -- horsing foot on foot ? skulk in corner ? wish clock more swift ? hour , minute ? noon , midnight ? and all eye blind with the pin and web but theirs , theirs only , that would unseen be wick ? be this nothing ? why , then the world and all that 's i not be nothing ; the cover sky be nothing ; bohemia nothing ; my wife be nothing ; nor nothing have this nothing , if this be nothing . " -- that 's from something call " the Winter 's Tale " -- Shakespeare ! you all remember Shakespeare . he write all they famous play one after the other , then he go into a big slump and he be not do anything good in year . that speech be about jealousy -- jealousy 's a bad thing . jealousy bother a lot of guy ... take I ... I almost kill my brother ... I love he ... he 's my family ... I mean , there 's nothin ' he would not do for I . and that 's the way we be goin ' through life -- doin ' nothin ' for each other ! anytime he get in trouble when we be kid , I get he out of it . you know , he use to steal little thing when we be growin ' up . but he be particular ... only steal thing that begin with a ' a ' -- a watch , a car , a suit , a ring ... but I be wrong ... I shoulda never hit my brother . afterwards , I be sorry . now every time I need somethin' I gotta go shoppin ' for it ! a psychiatrist once tell I , " when you hit you brother you be really hittin ' you mother , but you can not admit it to yourself . " he 's really crazy . I woulda never hit my mother . I mean , only in self - defense ! int . jake' live room - day ( 1950 ) jake be struggle with he later model ten-inch rca tv . he fool with the dial , then slap the side . the bluish video image come and go . joey watch jake fix the tv . jake have a half - eat sandwich in he hand . vickie enter the house , surprised to find jake home . vickie Jake , you be home . jake look up at she . ( she go over to he and kiss he . ) moving shot . joey give vickie a polite peck on the mouth . moving shot . joey hi , vickie . jake watch joey kiss vickie . vickie notice jake' reaction . vickie what 's the matter with you ? jake tryin ' to get this fuckin' tv to work . paid all this money for it and still can not get a station a mile away . and Mr. wizard here be not no help . joey screw you , Jack . jake ( to vickie ) where you be ? vickie go into the bedroom to take off she coat . on the stair , moving shot : vickie I go out . jake ( to joey ) what 's that kissing on the mouth shit ? joey what ? I just say hello . since when I can not kiss my sister - in- law ? jake ai not a cheek ever good enough for you ? I never even kiss mama on the mouth . joey well , you be not suppose to kiss you mother on the mouth . jake well , that 's what I mean . jake lean over the tv . jake ( cont 'd ) how 's that ? joey I can not tell . you be stomach 's in the way . jake stare at joey . joey ( cont 'd ) do not give I that look . I be just you manager . the minute you start to be champ , you start eat like there 's no tomorrow . and you give I look . all I know be that I do not have to defend my title next month . jake look up at joey . jake answer I somethin' . what happen at the copa with salvy when I be out of town ? joey when ? jake you know , when you give he a beatin' . joey ( be as vague as possible ) nothin ' . salvy be out of line . he be drunk or something ' , I dunno . anyway , the windup be I give he a beatin' . Tommy call I down , and we straighten it out . it 's all forget about . jake why do not you tell I about it ? joey it do not have nothin ' to do with you . jake do not it have nothin ' to do with I ? joey no , I just tell you what happen . jake ( he obviously know ) who do it have anything to do with ... vickie ? joey Jack , no . I just explain the whole thing to you . it be just between I and salvy , if it have anything to do with you and vickie , I woulda tell you about it . jake well , I hear some thing . moving in on joey , jake' p.o.v. joey " you hear some thing . " will you stop worryin ' about that shit ? forget about it . you know you get a title fight comin ' up . pause . joey ( refering to the tv ) whatever you touch , that 's good now . jake do salvy fuck vickie ? joey what ? jake you be suppose to keep a eye on she for I . I be askin' ... joey ( interrupt ) I do keep a eye ... jake then why do you give he a beatin ' if he do not do anything ? you and he be friend a long time . joey some thing change between we . now , he think who the fuck he be . he 's be pass certain remark that I do not like . jake ( interrupt ) do not bullshit I , joey . you be not tellin ' I the truth . joey what bullshit ? hey , I be you brother . you wanna believe I - you trust I ? jake when it come to she , I do not trust nobody . I be askin ' you somethin' . joey well , you be wrong Jack . I be tellin " you what happen . he get outta line , we have a fight , and it 's staighten out now . there be a pause . ( move in on joey , jake' p.o.v . ) jake ( suspicious ) you givin ' I that look . I gotta accept you word , but if I find out anythin ' , I be gonna kill somebody ... joey ( yell ) so , go ahead . kill everybody . kill salvy , kill vickie , kill Tommy como , kill I while you be at it . what do I care ? you be kill yourself the way you be eat , the way you worry about thing you do not have to worry about . jake ( interrupt ) what do you mean , " you " ? joey what ? jake ( interrupt , catch joey ) what do you mean , " you " ? joey ( catch ) I mean , kill everybody . you or I or anybody . you be a big shot . kill , kill ... g'head . jake but you say " you . " joey so what ? jake eh , joey , even you do not know what you mean . you mention salvy , Tommy como , you -- that mean somethin' . why would you say they ? you coulda say anybody . joey you be worried about this girl , you be gonna let this girl ruin you be life for you ... you wanna worry , worry about you fuckin ' stomach that you can not bend over -- that you gotta step in the ring in a month . jake do you ever fuck my wife ? joey what ? jake I do not mean now . I mean before -- before we meet . joey whadda ya mean ? jake do you ever fuck my wife ? joey whatsa matter with you ? jake you be very smart , joey , very smart . nobody give I a straight answer around here . you be givin ' I this answer , but you still do not answer my question . do you fuck vickie ? joey ( feed up , he start to leave ) I gotta go . I gotta get outta here . I can not take this shit . lenore be waitin ' for I . I gotta go . you be a definite wacko . you be fuckin ' crazy , you know that , crazy . jake' p.o.v. , moving shot as joey leave . jake go into the bedroom . int . the bedroom jake walk over to vickie . ( move in on vickie - jake' p.o.v. become she shot . ) jake where you be all day ? vickie I take the kid to my sister 's . jake I call . you be not there . vickie I get bored so I go to the movie . jake what would you see ? vickie I go to the movie . jake what would you see ? vickie " Father of the bride . " jake what be it about ? vickie oh , c'mon . for christsake , do I have to tell you everything ? jake do you ever go to the copa when I be away ? vickie what be you talk about ? jake answer I when I talk to you . what happen that night ? vickie ( interrupt , yell ) I be answer ... jake ( hit she ) what do I have to do to get a straight answer around here . jake hold onto she , but she get away . vickie Jake , no -- jake ( as he chase she around the room ) do I have to kill you , eh? ( hit she ) do I have to kill somebody to get a answer ? ( hit she ) I know about you at the copa . I know all about it . jake catch she . vickie I do not do anything wrong . I swear . I just have a few drink . jake ( pin she down , hit she ) with salvy , eh ? vickie I go with Sandy and Vera . salvy be there . ( get hit ) stop it . I just have a drink , that 's all . I do not do anything wrong . ( get hit ) vickie escape and lock herself in the bathroom . jake ( by bathroom door ) come out of there ! do you fuck salvy ? ( punch door ) answer I . open this fuckin ' door , you fuckin ' cunt ! ( punch door ) who have you be fuckin ' ? vickie ( from inside bathroom ) nobody , I tell you . Jake stop it . jake you be a fuckin ' liar . he break down the door . jake ( cont 'd ) who have you be fuckin' ? salvy ? ( hit she ) Tommy como ? ( hit she ) I can not trust nobody . ( hit she ) do you fuck joey ? ( hit she ) who you be fuckin' ? she finally manage to push he away . vickie all right , I fuck everybody ! go ahead , kill I , kill I . vickie take jake 's hand and hit herself . jake be stunne . vickie ( cont 'd ) I will say anything you want I to say . I fuckle salvy . I fuck Tommy . I fuck you brother . I fuck everybody ! what do you want to hear ? I suck you brother 's fuckin ' cock ! jake you do ? vickie yeah , I suck he cock . jake start to walk away . vickie go after he . jake be go . int . joey' pelham parkway house - day joey be at the kitchen table eat lunch with he family . his wife , lenore , she hair do up in pin curl , sit next to he . joey 's two kide sit across the table from they , bicker . joey ( to kid ) do not hit you brother ! be nice . suddenly , jake come through the front door , go directly to the table , grab joey , lift he into the air , and start hit he . joey ( cont 'd ) Jake , stop it . jake keep hit joey . the kide start to cry . lenore want to stop the fight , but be afraid to get too close . jake be vickie part of the deal with Tommy ? be my wife part of the deal ? tell I , be that it ? joey stop it . what be you , crazy ? jake drag joey into the live room , and push he onto the floor . jake ( kneel over joey and hit he ) you do not tell I . you do not tell I . you let I marry she . you let I marry she . vickie rush into the house , past lenore and the two kide who be scream even louder now . vickie ( hit Jake on he back as he hit joey ) you be kill he . you be kill he for nothing . stop it . jake ( hit she ) get the fuck outa here . whadda you mean nothing ' ? you stupid bitch ! vickie ( still hit Jake ) nothing be what I say ! go on , kull I . ( hit he ) kill I . ( hit he ) I be not afraid of you anymore . I do not care if you kill I like you be kill he . you be a sick animal . joey be knock out . lenore go over to he and hold he . jake ( to vickie ) you be the fuckin ' animal ! you run around with every guy I know while I be breakin ' my ass for you . vickie ( as she push and hit Jake to the front door ) you be not only a animal , you be a stupid animal . ( push and hit he out the front door ) you be rotten . ( hit he ) rotten. ( hit he ) rotten. ( hit he ) you be a sick maniac . a maniac ! you belong in a mental hospital . ext . joey' pelham parkway house - day vickie give jake a final push out the door and then slam it in he face . jake be leave alone on the front step . dissolve to : int . jake' pelham parkway house - live room - early evening jake sit alone in the darkness . vickie let herself in . she come and stand behind he . vickie well , he be not dead in case you be interested . ( pause ) I be leave you . and I do not care if you do try to kill I . go ahead . I be not afraid of you anymore . there 's worse thing than be dead and one of they 's live with you -- ( pause ) I be leave tonight . I must have be crazier than you be for stayin ' with you this long . you be hopeless . you be not gonna let anybody love you . I keep think that you would change when you get to be the champ ... but I just can not take it anymore . I be take the kid and I be leavin ' . there be a pause . jake aw , vickie , aw vickie , please no . vickie , no ... do not leave I . Christ , I be plead ... I know , I know all the bad thing , but I need you . I be a bum without you and the kid . I will change . aw , vickie , maybe I do not do it the right way , but I love you . I love you . there be a pause . vickie you know , if there 's one thing -- I just do not understand you , not one single little bit . you love I ? jake yeah -- dissolve to : int . steam bath - night the steam be oppressively thick . it must be 140 degree . jake , nude , do push -up on the floor . his body be bath in sweat . he push himself up , then collapse . his eye be glaze over from lack of strength . he make he way to the door and pound on it . tony open the door and get on he knee beside jake . tony it be not worth it , Jake . get out . jake ( barely coherent ) what time be it ? tony nine o'clock . jake at night ? tony yeah . at night . jake how many pound I gotta lose ? tony Three more , I figure . jake just give I a chip of ice to put in my mouth . just a chip of ice . tony I will give you anything you want , Jake . I think you should come out for a few minute -- give yourself a break . jake ( barely audible ) be you outa you mind ? if I come out , I will lose the title . int . jake' pelham parkway house - live room vickie be seat on the sofa , read newspaper . jake be pace . vickie Jake , why do not you just try lie down and get some rest . jake I do not know what it be . I dunno , it 's the kind of thing that -- the word will not come out . vickie Jake -- jake what ? vickie I want to say something to you without you blow you stack . jake ok . talk . vickie ( pause ) why do not you just call he up ? jake what do I say to he ? call he up on the phone and say , " joey , I be sorry about that little trouble we have . how about havin ' dinner ? " be that what I say ? vickie no , not that . jake then what ? vickie ( pause ) I do not know . int . olympia stadium , detroit - night ( sept . 13 , 1950 ) the lamotta-dauthuille middleweight championship be tell through the eye and word of the ringside announcer . jake be not do well . ringside announcer ... lady and gentleman , I have sit in front of this microphone for over twenty year but this be the strangest championship bout I have ever see . with two minute to go in the final round , the champion , the mighty bull from the bronx , be just simply take punch after punch from the challenger . dauthuille score a combination , then backpedal . lamotta pursue he . one minute to go . Laurent dauthuillle , who have already beat lamotta in a non-title bout , be about to fulfill a dream -- to bring the middleweight crown back to France . in the ring , jake look like he 's on queer street . bounce off the rope , open he jaw to dauthuille . but dauthuille 's punch lack strength . jakm be play possum . ringside 'announcer thirty second to go . the bull start to swing . lamotta come in for a brutal body combinaticn : one , two , three , four punch . lamotta have land a solid leave hook to the frenchman 's jaw ! dauthuille seem confuse . lamotta be swinging wildly now : right , leave , right , leave ! dauthuille be back off ! everyone be on they foot ! I can hardly see , lady and gentleman . dauthuille be on the rope . lamotta hit a right -- dauthuille be down ! dauthuille be down ! referee Lou handler be count he out -- three , four , five -- if dauthuille can stand , he will win the decision -- eight , nine -- dauthuille be on one knee -- ten ! it 's all over ! with thirteen second leave on the clock , Jake lamotta have retain he middleweight championship in one of the most remarkable comback in box ! dauthuille be stand now , confuse . but the fight be over . a announcer hold up jake 's victorious hand . he seem as surprised as everyone else . tony throw jake' robe around he shoulder as the announcer call out : announcer the middleweight champion , and still champion by a knockout in fifteen round , the bronx bull , the rage bull , Jake lamotta ! the crowd cheer . jake raise he arm in victory . int . jake' dressing room - olympia stadium - night it be after the fight . tony , vickie , and other be in the room . some people be leave . congratulation be hear . tony put away jake 's fight gear . jake , half - dress , look troubled . jake ( to vickie ) I miss joey . I wish joey be here . vickie why do not you just call he ? jake I dunno . vickie tell he how you feel -- you miss he . tell he you be sorry . jake ( pauze ) ok , all right . telephone 's in the hall . dial he number . vickie go to the pay phone in the hall , and dial long distance . jake be nervous , but follow vickie . the hallway as the number start to ring , vickie hand the phone to jake . joey ( o.s. ) hello ... hello ... jake can not answer . joey ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) what 's this , a joke ? hello ... hey ! jake can not answer . joey ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) well , if there 's somebody listenin ' , they mother 's a fuckin ' whore who take it in the ass . there be a click as joey hang up . jake stand there , and finally hang up the phone . int . " jake lamotta be " - night ( 1956 ) jake gulp down the last of he scotch . jake ( continue he monologue ) I shoulda never hit my brother . afterwards I be sorry . now every time I need somethin' I gotta go shoppin ' for it ! a psychiatrist once tell I , " when you hit you brother you be really hittin ' you mother but you can not admit it to yourself . " he 's really crazy . I woulda never hit my mother . I mean , only in self - defense ! a lot of people wanta know who be the best guy I ever fight . let 's see ... there be that one I fight twice ... the other frenchman ... you know who I mean ... ( have trouble pronounce the name ) ... dauthuille ! he be tough , but I beat he ... I have to ! I mean , how would it sound losin ' to a guy whose name you can not even pronounce ? but ... Robinson . I can say that alright . I fight sugar Ray so many time it 's a wonder I do not have diabete ! Linda ... get I another drink ! Linda 's the most popular waitress here ... you can tell by she tip ! she 's the kinda girl I go for . you oughta see the one I get . linda bring he another scotch . jake ( cont 'd ) ... thanks , babe . she 's a nice kid . she will only do it with a guy if she really like he . she 's get a lot in common with will Rogers -- never meet a man she do not like ! ... I be talkin ' about sugar Ray . some of you think I be better than he ... but you know , it 's a toss up . except the last fight ... February 14 , 1951 . jake sip he drink . jake ( cont 'd ) Valentine 's Day . the anniversary of the St. Valentine 's massacre . Robinson do not use a machine gun but it be still a massacre ... jake take another drink . jake ( cont 'd ) actually , I be doin ' okay at first . in fact , by the end of the fifth round I really have he worried -- he think he kill I . int . joey' pelham parkway house - live room - night ( feb . 14 , 1951 ) lenore , joey 's wife , watch the 6th Robinson -lamotta fight on joey 's new television console . joey walk by on he way to another room , but stop to watch . lenore be not a fight fan , but be catch up in the fight , anyway . lenore look at that . the sonofabitch be outbox Robinson . joey I can not believe he 's get that jab in . the bell sound , and a pabst commercial come on : pabst commercial " friend , the quality that have carry pabst Blue ribbon around the world be yours for the ask . next time that friendly bartender say , ' what will you have ? ' give he the answer the whole world give , pabst Blue ribbon ! " int . chicago stadium - night tony be wiping jake off in he corner . jake he be not hurt I , but I can not get he down . tony do not talk . keep at it . jab , jab , jab . you be ahead on point . in the other , sugar ray' trainer pat down robinson 's pompadour as he say : s.r.' trainer he 's go , sugar . he 's old . he be not Jake lamotta no more . make you move , sugar . kill he ! robinson nod . the bell sound and the fighter step onto the canvas . they look at each other before the box start -- they both know the inevitable outcome . robinson smile . int . joey' live room - night robinson make he move . his arm be a blur , swinging rapidly but accurately . joey and lenore be suddenly silent . tv announcer lamotta 's on queer street , but he 's still stand . Robinson throw a right , a leave , a right , a right and a right again ! how can lamotta stay on he foot ? on the tv , we see that robinson have jake up against the rope . he 's give jake a pier six beat . it 's the Fox fight for real . jake 's face be so soak in blood that it 's impossible to pinpoint the cut . tv announcer ( cont 'd ) no man can take this kind of punishment . lamotta be just a rag doll now . God know what 's hold he up . this be a historic beat . sugar rav stagger lamotta with a leave and come across with a blackjack punch to the champion 's head . the referee be step in , Robinson have lamotta on the rope . that 's it ! sugar Ray Robinson , former welterweight champion , have take the middleweight crown from Jake lamota . as the referee stop the fight , joey sigh with relief . int . chicago stadium - night lamotta , a bloody and beat fighter , walk over to the victorious robinson and put he arm on he shoulder . jake you never knock I down . you could never knock I down . robinson , receive congratulation from every direction , take time to turn to jake and say : robinson so what ? ext . jake' miami house - day ( JUNE 2 , 1954 ) establishing shot . the house be quite large , and have beautiful landscape and a swim pool . int . jake' miami house - live room - day jake , wear sportclothes that can not hide he paunch , and vickie , wear a dress and look she best , sit in the live room with they three child ( the two boy , and also a girl , about two year old ) . a still photographer click picture of jake and vickie as two reporter talk with jake . jake I be pull out of next Wednesday 's tv bout ' cause I can not make the weight . I be fight at light heavyweight , and I still can not make the weight . reporter do that mean ... jake it mean I be through with box . I be tired with tryin ' to make the weight anymore . I be sick of thinkin ' about weight , weight , weight . reporter you sound bitter . jake why should I be bitter ? box 's be good to I . I get a nice house , three kid , a beautiful wife -- take a picture of she . vickie . vickie pose dutifully . jake ( cont 'd ) ai not she beautiful ? coulda be Mrs. America if I do not pull she outa the contest . do not want she wear a swimsuit for nobody but I . reporter what do you think of Jake 's retirement , Mrs. lamotta ? jake cut in : jake I also buy a club on Collins Avenue , and I be gonna open it real soon . know what I be gonna call it ? " Jake lamotta 's . " int . " jake lamotta be " - night ( 1956 ) jake , a empty glass in he hand , stand on the bar platform . he 's wear a white tuxedo jacket with a red rise in the lapel . his tuxedo shirt be stain . he continue he monologue . jake Valentine 's Day . the anniversary of the St. Valentine 's Day massacre . robinsin do not use a machine gun but it be still a massacre ... ( take another drink ) actually , I be doin ' okay at first . in fact , by the end of the fifth round I really have he worried --- he think he kill I . you know , I could keep tellin ' you this brilliant material all night -- but you would only laugh . now I be gonna sing . -- any request ? I mean , besides " do not " ! ( then to piano player ) -- in the key of H. ( then to audience ) you be laughin' . give I the right key and I will play in anybody 's flat ! I sing for a reason . when I finish , you will be so sober up , we will sell a lot of booze . jake 's onstage version of " that 's entertainment " differ from the backstage version . it 's not just that he 's a little drunk -- no , he voice be defiant , sadly defiant . he be sing at the patron rather than to they . jake ( cont 'd ) " when the fighter 's not engage in he employment , he employment , although he be champ and quite the rage , he must go somewhere else to seek employment , seek employment . so what do he do ? he go upon the stage and meet he true adversary , all you member of the human race . but a fighter 's life be not a bowl of cherries , still I would rather have a egg than a fist upon my face ... that 's entertainment ! jake bring the band to a crescendo with a wave of he hand , then silence it . the spotlight go out and there be a hearty round of applause . jake receive the kiss , glad handshake and congratulation of the patron as he work he way around the club . jake 's new friend love he . they be party girl , sport figure , columnist , mobster , B actor , and other " celebrity . " jake pose for a still with two buxom young lovely . one girl giggle as he fondle she . after the flash go off , the girl admire he " small , delicate " hand . jake step over to a table and greet j.r. , a newspaper columnist , and he companion . jake ( cont 'd ) j.r. , glad you could make it . j.r . you be great , Jake . just like old time . good thing sugar Ray be not here tonight . oh Jake , this be State 's Attorney bronson and he wife . jake shake he hand , then hold it up -- show a empty palm . jake ( joke ) sorry , empty ! heh , heh ! oh , I do not mean that . if I do not give you husband no money , he will not have enough to buy you a drink . to show you I be a nice guy , this one 's on I . the last one be you payment for this month . bronson be embarrassed . he do not think the joke be funny , but he manage a smile . his wife give a nervous laugh . jake lean over and kiss she . jake ( cont 'd ) you be a good sport , lady . j.r. I see you fight Bob satterfield in ' 46 , Jake . in Chicago . you be great . jake yeah , I really clean up on he . j.r. where 's you wife , Jake ? jake do you think I would let she in a place like this with guy like you hangin ' around ? jake feign a few jab , and they all laugh . he walk off . as jake leave , j.r. whisper to he friend : J. R. you ought to see he wife . jake step over to a table where some of the " boy " be sit . ricky be the Miami 1956 version of salvy . jake hey , ricky , glad you come . ricky would not miss it , Jake . jake call a waitress over . jake hey , honey , give this fella a round on I . I can tell they be gonna be regular customer . the waitress say to a clearly underage girl : waitress I will have to ask for you i.d. jake lean over and give the young girl a long kiss on the lip . she enthusiastically reciprocate . jake whew ! any girl that can kiss like that can drink in my club any time ! they all laugh as jake move on . the life of the party . ext . " jake lamotta be " - day jake , hungover , he tux wrinkle , walk out of the club to the adjacent parking lot . vickie be sit in she yellow cadillac outside the Club . the curbside window be halfway up . she call to he : vickie Jake . jake , chagrine , step over to the car . jake I be sorry . I have to work late last night . slept at the club . vickie I be leave you Jake . jake sure , what else be new ? vickie no . this time it 's true . I do not bother to tell you until I have everything work out . jake try to open the door . it 's lock . jake open the door , vickie . vickie no . I will not talk to you where you can use you hand on I . jake aw , c'mon . do not say that . vickie I get a lawyer , Jake . we be get a divorce . I be get custody of the kid . jake aw , c'mon , vick -- vickie I be sick of it . I can not watch you this way . you be too drunk all the time . there 's too many girl . I can not ... I do not wanna talk about it . I make up my mind . jake try to reach in the window , but vickie hit the power switch , close it and catch he hand . she now have to yell to he : vickie ( cont 'd ) you get three day to get you stuff out of the house . after that , the cop will be there . I have the kid with I . I never want to see you again . vickie turn she face and drive away . jake grab at the cadillac , but it be bigger and stronger than he . jake be leave alone in the parking lot . the car be go . int . jake' office - day ( jan . 9 , 1957 ) jake have a office above the lounge . ever since vickie leave , it 's also be he apartment . the place be a mess . jake send he laundry out when he run out of clean clothes . dirty sock , short and shirt be scattered randomly . empty whiskey bottle on the desk , empty beer can in the wastebasket . 1st deputy let 's go , Jake , wake up ! jake huh ? whadda ya mean , get up ? 1st deputy ( show badge ) we be from ... jake ( interrupt ) I know where you be from . you guy look the same every place . 1st deputy they wanna talk to you . jake about what ? 1st deputy I do not run the joint . they just tell I to bring you in . jake for what ? 2 nd deputy c'mon , get dress . jake hunt for he clothes . jake hey , I be a big tax payer down here . do not that entitle I to some information what this be all about ? the second deputy show jake a photo . 2 nd deputy you recognize this girl ? she be in the club ? jake I dunno . 2 nd deputy she say you introduce she to man . jake I introduce a lot of people to man . so what ? what do that mean ? 2 nd deputy she 's fourteen . close up of picture . ext . jake' miami house - day jake , wear a suit , walk up to the door and push the bell . vickie open the door and look at he over the chain . jake vickie , open up . I need to come in . vickie be you drunk ? jake no. open the door . jake try to touch she face through the doorway crack , but she step back . jake ( cont 'd ) please , vick . I will not bother you . I be out on bail . you can send the kid next door . I just gotta pick one thing up , then I will get outa here . vickie think a moment , then open the door and let jake in . vickie the kid be sleep . jake I promise I just gotta pick up one thing . vickie all right , just do not make any noise . int . jake' miami house - day jake walk directly past vickie into the live room . vickie watch from a safe distance . jake remove he jewel-studded championship belt from the glass bookcase and carry it into the kitchen . in the kitchen , he take a hammer and screwdriver out of a drawer , place the belt on the counter top , and start digging the jewel out of it . vickie appear in the doorway . vickie what be you do ? jake I need ten thousand dollar . my lawyer say if we can spread ten thousand buck around , we can get the case drop . vickie but they do not have a case against you . jake ( digging at the belt ) be you kiddin ' ? do you ever see a 14 - year - old testify in court ? do you see the papers ? " lamotta on vice Rap . " everybody like a shot at the champ . vickie Jake , be careful ! what be you do to the belt ?! jake do not make no difference no more . vickie can not you get the money from you friend ? jake what friend ? jake , frustrated by he task , turn the belt over and hammer at it . the jewel scatter across the counter top and floor . jake collect the jewel and put they in he pocket . int . jewelry shop - day jake stand at the counter of a small jewelry store . the jeweler examine the stone . jeweler do not you also wish to sell the championship belt , Mr. lamotta ? jake that 's it . that be the jewel that be in the belt . jeweler but where 's the belt ? jake you want the jewel or the belt ? jeweler both . this stone be worth about fifteen hudre dollar , but the belt of a champion be a very rare item . the belt with the stone untouched would have be worth near five thousand dollar . jake seem to despair of the whole thing : the belt , the attempt to raise 10 ge , the vice case , he life . ext . phone booth - day jake place a call from a booth outside the jewelry store . jake ( on phone ) I can not raise the ten thousand . fuck them . let them put I on trial . int . barbizon dressing room - night same as scene 1 . jake , 42 year old , continue to rehearse . he be seat across from a mirror . jake so there I be in the can ... and not the one that say " gentleman " on the door . I be talkin ' about jail ! down south ! I mean , jail up north be gotta be like summer camp compare to jail down in cracker country . and if you be a guy like I , you be not get a chance in a place like that . especially if you be italian ... you come from the bronx ... and you be a ex-champ . as soon as they see I ... soon as they hear I ... I know I be in trouble . to I , they get a accent , and to they , I get a accent ! you gotta get the picture -- I be big , I get small hand , I walk like I be still in the ring ... the ball of my foot pop up and down , you know ... and whenever I get the chance , I read a lot . so naturally , takin ' all this into co sideration , they figure it add up to one thing -- I be queer ! now I do not mind too much when they call I " queer " or " Mr. tough guy " or " yankee punk " ... but one day this screw get to I ... I be workin ' on the work gang , pickin ' up some tree that be knock down by a storm or something ' and puttin ' them on this truck . all of a sudden ... one of the tree slip and fall on I and pin I to the ground . I be lyin ' there with a tree across my chest ! this screw walk over , takin ' he time , he look down at I and say , " well , champ pimp ... you lyin ' down on the job again ? " ! they get a great sense of humor when they be standin ' there with a gun in they arm and you get a tree on you chest ! so I look up at he and say , " oh , this tree ... it fall on I . " and he say , " oh , I be sorry ... if I would have know , I would have yell ' timber ' " I say , " hey , look ... it hurt . I think maybe I break somethin' ! " he say , " well , whaddaya know ... champ pimp 's get himself a boo-boo . " then I get as stupid as he . I say , " if I be champ pimp ... how ' bout givin ' I the money you make last night ? " ! then another screw come over and say , " this yankee creep givin ' you trouble ? " -- what kind of trouble ? what be I gonna do -- hit them with the tree ? now anybody else in they right mind would have say , " no sir , I would not think of give any of you gentleman trouble ... I just want to serve my time and get the hell out of here as soon as I can . " that 's anybody else . when I say it ... it be a little different . " you stupid cracker ... take you hand off I or I will get up and kick you brain out -- but first you gotta bend over so I can find them ! " next thing I know I be in the hole . solitary confinement . all my life I have guy in my corner yellin ' " go get them , jake ... kill them ! you be the great . " now there 's nobody rootin ' for I . but it be not so bad . I learn thing there . I learn how to scratch a calendar on the wall . I never know how to do that before . now I know . Monday be one scratch . Tuesday be two scratch . Wednesday be three scratch . and so on . except for Sunday . Sunday be no scratch . Sunday rest . int . dade county stockade - day the camera track down the lonely corridor of the dade County prison . empty face stare out from behind the bar . jake be lead down a long corridor by two guard . his hand and leg be manacle and chain . the guard , redneck screw both , take special pleasure in work jake over . they take jake to the " hole " -- solitary confinement . one of the guard unmanacle jake . both guard push jake into the cell and slam the door . int . the hole - day or night a thin slit provide the only light in jake 's cell . the rough cement wall be cover with obscure graffiti . the 8x8x8 room feature only a cot and a toilet . the room be mostly darkness . sound be more tangible here than sight . we see jake 's body as it pass through the slit of light . jake crouch into the corner away from the light . as we see jake 's face , the follow montage image appear . ( there will be contrast sound effect accompany the image : for example , the image of jake hit vickie might be accompany by the sound from a love scene between they . ) a ) 1940s black and white pornography : partially clothed man and woman engage in explicit sex act . B ) box magazine : fighter ' beat and bloody face . a body building ad : Charles atlas raise he muscle biceps . C ) li'l abner comic ; Daisy mae 's tit seem about to fall free . D ) reprise from earlier scene : back in jake and irma 's old apartment , joey , use a towel as a glove , punch jake in the face . E ) a 1934 " older girl " sashays into the candy store in flicker 8 mm black and white footage . we see ohter bronx preteen girl walk , smile . F ) at shorehaven pool , jake and joey , in bathing suit , be sleep in the sun next to each other . other bather be around , also take in the sun . G ) reprise from earlier scene : as in D , joey hit jake in the face again . we see again the image of jake 's face as he sit in he cell . the montage continue : h ) janiro 's face at the weigh - in . I ) jake throw janiro a kiss at the weigh - in . J ) jake punch in janiro 's face . k ) a naked girl stand in the doorway of a bedroom . L ) jake lie in bed with irma stare at the ceiling . m ) vickie 's pretty young face double expose with sugar ray robinson 's . N ) dr . pinto inject novacaine into jake 's fist . o ) sitting in he corner of the ring , jake spit blood into a pail ... p ) still in jake 's corner : joey wipe off he brother 's bloody face . q ) still in jake 's corner : there be a open cut over jake 's eye . joey , rush against time , suck the blood from the wound as dr . pinto begin to examine it . R ) still in jake 's corner : joey put the mouthpiece in jake 's mouth . ( slow motion ) S ) jake win over cerdan . joey , overenthusiastic , hit jake on the back of the head a little too hard . jake give joey a quick look , but joey just embrace he . T ) on a bed , a girl be go down on joey . the girl turn and look up at jake . it 's linda , the waitress from he club . jake stare . U ) jake 's fist hit linda 's face . V ) vickie playfully bend jake 's hand back , pretend to break it . W ) jake hit linda again . she cry . X ) repeat image N : dr . pinto inject novocaine into jake 's fist . we see again the image of jake 's face as he sit in he cell . the montage continue : y ) vickie be in she underwear in a bedroom . a pair of black arm come in and embrace she body . Z ) close up of jake ; he react to this . he 's in the ring with sugar ray . he knock sugar ray out of the ring . aa ) vickie again . jake approach she from behind , pull she head back by she hair , and slap she . bb ) the announcer point to sugar ray as the winner . ( different fight . ) camera pan to ray , victorious , he arm up . CC ) a bloody jake come over to sugar ray and embrace he . we be back with jake in the cell . he slowly start to bang he head against the wall . jake ( murmure ) why , why , why ? ( with each bang of he head ) I be a man , I be a man . I be no faggot . I be not a faggot . ma , why ? what do they want ? my cock 's not enough . what do they want from I ? why ? ma ? why ? jake be now smash the wall with all he strength -- vicious body punch . jake ( cont 'd ) why , why , why I ? you take it away from I . they take everything away . what do they want from I ? what the fuck do they want from I ? I be not bad . I be not bad . I be not that guy . I be not that guy . I be not a monster . I be not a animal . jake break he knuckle ; the pain and blood be unbearable . jake collapse to the concrete floor . his hand be smashed . he cry , then sob . jake ( cont 'd ) I be not like that . please . I be not like that . please . please . please . then silence . we begin to hear : jake do a monologue . jake ( cont 'd ) and so , as Shakespeare say , I have be down so low there 's nowhere else to go . int . metropole - night ( 1958 ) the metropole be a club on 7th Avenue off Times Square . jake lamotta , 36 year old and wear a hip fifty suit , continue he monologue . jake except here , gentleman , with you bum . I call you " gentleman " ... but you know what you really be ! you know , this place use to be pretty exclusive ... now they get bouncer outside to throw the drunk in ! my first night here I say to the boss , " where 's the toilet ? " -- he say , " you be in it ! " by the way , this engagement be just a step stone for I . if I do good here , I be ready to get out of the business ! the crowd start to shout : " get the fuck off the stage ! " jake ( cont 'd ) ok , ok , I know what you be waitin ' for -- and from the look of you , you be waitin ' for it for a long time . I have my own joint in Miami Beach once ... it be too high - class for you guy ... we have a 50 - cent minimum charge just to keep out the riff-raff ! the crowd continue to shout , as before , also shouting : " bring out the girl ! " jake ( cont 'd ) hey , sorry . here 's you girl . ( grab he crotch ) yeah , she 's here ... just like it 's advertise out front . she 's come back . a girl who 's see the lower depth ... who 's be as far as I have in that direction . she 's on she way back up now ... give you a idea how low she be ! let 's give she a warm welcome ... make she glad she 's back , boy . -- miss Emma 48' ! jake get off the stage as miss emma 48' go into she dance . he go over to the bar and get a drink . several older men in t-shirt - a disreputable look lot - be at the bar . ext . metropole - night the Club be close . jake and emma , the stripper , come out and walk by a delicatess on they way to a parking lot . jake see he brother joey enter the delicatess . jake look , sweetie , be a good girl . here 's some money . take a cab . go home by yourself . just wanna walk around a little , sort of unwind . ok ? emma will I see you later ? jake yeah . I dunno ... I will call you . jake go to the parking lot entrance as emma get into a cab . dissolve to : ext . parking lot - night it 's about twenty minute later . dolly into a medium shot of jake wait by the parking lot . he look at the delicatess . joey finally come out carry a paper bag . not notice jake , he walk right past he to he car which be park near the rear of the outdoor lot . jake hey , joey -- jake walk towards joey with he hand outstretch . joey look at jake . silence . joey turn he back and start to get into he car . jake run over to joey and grab he shoulder . jake ( cont 'd ) no , joey , no . look , wait a minute , please -- joey look at jake like he 's shit , throw jake 's hand off he shoulder , and start to get into he car again . jake ( cont 'd ) aw , joey -- jake stop joey from get into he car . he put he hand on joey 's shoulder again . jake ( cont 'd ) you be right . you be perfectly right . you get every right in the world to hate my gut . joey pull away from jake 's hand , and try to put the paper bag into the front seat of the car . jake ( cont 'd ) no , please . I know I be a cocksucker . you be right . I shoulda never raise my hand to you . joey half push jake away , and begin to get into he car again . jake pull joey by the arm . jake ( cont 'd ) no , joey , listen to I -- jake pull too hard , cause joey to drop the paper bag to he foot . the container of coffee and tea in the bag break open and splatter joey 's pants leg . joey stare down at he pants , then up at jake . suddenly , he belt jake with a leave and a right to the jaw . jake be take by surprise , and back off to get he own hand up . joey keep pour it on . jake drop he hand and take it . jake ( cont 'd ) go ahead . ( get punch ) hit I again . ( get punch ) I deserve it ... ( get punch ) pay I back ... ( get punch ) more ... ( get punch ) joey stop in mid-punch and stare at jake . he can not figure it out . jake nod and try to smile , but start to cry instead . jake ( cont 'd ) more . go ahead , joey . I deserve it . joey pause , then finally throw a very weak punch to jake 's shoulder . he leave he hand there -- then , uncurl he fist -- and finally put he hand around jake 's neck as tear start to fill he eye . joey hug jake close to he , cry . they hug each other , both cry . they do not say anything . ext . barbizon plaza theater - night ( 1964 ) the theater light be flash . this may not be Broadway , but it 's a long way from the metropole . the entrance to the barbizon look out on the corner of 6th Avenue and Central Park South . a stand - up billboard in front of the theater advertise " a even with Jake lamotta . " the billboard also list the author whose work will be perform : paddy chayevsky , Rod serling , Shakespeare , Bud schulberg , Tennessee Williams . int . barbizon dressing room - night same as scene one and eighty - one . jake be alone prepare to go onstage . he rehearse . jake you know , I be not a philosopher or anything like that but I be around a little and the way I look at it be -- we be , all of we , lookin ' for the same thing : a shot at the title . no matter what you wanta be ... you wanta shot at bein ' the best . well , I have mine and it will always be in the record book ... it do not make no difference what happen to I from here on in -- I get my shot and that 's a fact . some guy be not that lucky ... like the one marlon brando play in " on the waterfront " -- a up and comer who 's now a down and outer . you remember ... there be this scene in the back of the car with he brother Charlie , a small - time racket guy , and it go something ' like this -- " it be not he , Charlie . it be you . you ' member that night in the Garden you come down my dress room and say . ' kid , this be not you night . we be go for the price on Wilson . ' you ' member that ? ' this be not you night ! ' my night -- I coulda take Wilson apart ! so what happen ? he get the title shot outdoors on the ballpark , and what do I get ? a one - way ticket to palookaville . I never be no good after that night . it be like a peak you reach . then it go downhill . it be you , Charlie . you be my brother , Charlie . you shoulda look out for I a little bit . you shoulda take care of I just a little bit so I would not have to take they dive for the short end money ... you do not understand ! I coulda have class . I coulda be a contender . I coulda be somebody -- instead of a bum , which be what I be . let 's face it . it be you , Charlie . " a shadow go by the frame ; it 's a stagehand . stagehand ( o.s. ) hey Jake , how you do ? the shadow exit . jake how long do I have ? the shadow pop in again . stagehand ( o.s. ) about five minute the shadow exit . jake ok . jake pause , then start to shadow - box in he dress room . his breath come in quick gasp . his foot pop up and down like they be on canvas . his tiny fist jerk forward with short burst of light . still alive . still a contender . a 42 - year-old man fight for he shot . the camera dolly into a full shot of he fist as they hit the empty air -- in and out of the frame . this quote appear : ( Music in ) " verily , verily I say unto thee , except a man be bear again , he can not enter into the kingdom of heaven ... " John 3-3 the camera go into darkness . the end credit roll up . the end