rail & tie by micky levy fade in : a distant whistle , then softly , ch ... ch ... ch ... a train approach ... over the black screen , in white letter : life be like a train . life , like a train , travel up hill and down valley , life , like a train , sometimes get off track , the train , like life , keep its own schedule , the train , like life , have a final destination . life be like a train , only the train depart and return , but life , oh life , it never come back . unknown the train sound fade as --— ext . rail crossing , simi valley - day a decrepit brown lincoln drive over ballast - track gravel - that have spill from the track to the asphalt road below . the car stop right in front of the crossing signal . it 's green . run-down apartment building create a depress backdrop behind the car . the air be so hot , it ripple . int . lincoln - day LAURA danner , 27 , neglect , oily hair , doughy skin , shut the engine . next to she , davey danner , 9 , cradle a scratch , black toy locomotive in he lap . Laura , drowsy , lean she head against the seat . her speech be slur . LAURA what day be it ? davey Tuesday . I tell you . LAURA and the date . davey August eighth . LAURA we will wait , davey . we will wait here until it come and then ... davey do you know the Coast starlight go all the way to Seattle ? LAURA ( praying ; eye close ) o God , you be my God , I wait for you from the dawn ... davey there 's two engineer on every passenger train . they change team every twelve . hour . LAURA ..- my soul thirst for you , my body long for you ... pray with I , davey . davey I already pray . LAURA .-- my lip will praise you for you mercy be better than life itself . the crossing light go from green to a flash red . davey it 's here ! she start the car . davey wait , Mom . do not go ! it 's come . she press on the gas and hurl the lincoln forward , past the signal , up the embankment , onto some gravel and then the track . they bounce as the car 's tire jump the rail , then the tie and then the rail again . she stop the car . ext . rail crossing - day the lincoln sit with its front wheel over the far side of the track . its rear tire slightly touch the near rail . int . lincoln - day Laura lock the door , take the key out of the ignition . Wide -ey , davey watch as she hurl the key out the window . she turn to he . LAURA time to rest now . ext . union station - coast starlight - day Blue letter on silver car : coast starlight . the shiny , majestic train be almost ready to depart . int . union station - hallway - day tom stark , 44 , and n.b. garcia , a massive man , gray hair , hurry down a marble corridor - rough man who talk tough , walk gruffly and live hard . n.b. how you hold up , Tom ? do alright ? the long corridor be adorn with black and white picture depict train and passenger in the 30' and 40' . tom my train 's run in ten minute . n.b . no tell with that mess - up disease . my mother - in-law , God rest she soul , be only 63 -- tom megan 's 38 . n.b. take time off . I get you cover . vince , 50 's , another engineer , barrel toward they hold a stack of papers : train order . n.b. ( to Vince ) about time , hoghead . vince car trouble . sorry , Tom . tom what do I care ? vince ( nervous ) I get you train today . it 's all set with the boy upstairs . Tom study he hard , then turn to n.b. tom no . I want to work . he push a door open , exite to -- ext . coast starlight - platform - day passengers board the train , pass a sign that read : union station - los angele a elderly couple wave goodbye to they son and grandchildren . a steward , in a amtrak uniform , point a woman to she car . Tom head to the locomotive with n.b. Vince follow close behind . n.b. can I say this as you friend and not you boss ? you be not deal with it . tom I be deal with it my way . n.b. listen . I '’1l give you all the streak you can handle , but you keep run away from she , you 'il regret it forever . Tom climb into the locomotive . n.b. shake he head and turn to Vince . n.b. give he the order . Vince hand Tom the paperwork . ext . tom & megan 's house - front yard - day a two -story suburban home . megan stark , 38 , pale , short blonde hair , exceedingly thin , pound the hard soil with a trowel . a palette of mix - color impatien sit nearby . she choose the pink one , entomb they in the dirt . a car pull in the driveway . megan smile and rise . a sharp pain cut through she lower back . she gasp , fall to she knee on the dirt . susan garcia , plump , in a nurse 's scrub , exit the car hold a large copper pot . see that megan be down , she put the pot on the driveway and rush toward she . susan what do you think you be do ? megan plant flower . susan to work in you condition ... really , it 's insane . she help she up . they walk toward the house . susan where 's Tom ? I think he be keep a eye on you . megan sometimes I feel like he can not stand to be around I . susan ( uncomfortable with intimate subject ) my soup ! she hurry down the black asphalt driveway to retrieve the copper pot . megan , pensive , watch as Susan bend down to -- ext . diner , san francisco - dusk a_black asphalt road . it cut a dizzyingly precipitous incline . a 50 's style building sit at the top of the hill . int . diner , san francisco - dusk young megan , 22 , adorable in a pink waitress outfit and a ponytail , and lee , also 20' , waitress , watch young tom , 28 , from behind the counter : shy and stiff , he sit at one booth , read a very heavy textbook . he look up at megan - meet she eye - and quickly return to he book . young megan what do he want ? lee Babe , he 's be come here twice a day , every day , for two week . ( more ) lee ( cont would ) trust I . it 's not for the pancake . young megan you think ...? oh . she saunter to Tom 's table with a pen and pad . he look at she , smile . she take the book away from he . young megan May I ? he nod . young megan ( read book title ) '' the railroad : what it be , what it do . '' straight forward . I like that in a man . she give the book back , look at he expectantly . he can not think of anything to say , but : young tom coffee please . young megan have not you have enough for one day ? young tom you be work a double . young megan on wednesday . young tom right . she smile . tongue-ty , he open he book and furtively watch she as she join Lee behind the counter . she pour he coffee . the girl giggle , whisper . megan turn - catch he stare again . she approach with he cup , place it on the table and wait . he do not say anything , just grin . she sigh . young megan you keep stare , but you will not talk to I . young tom I can not help it . young megan the stare or the talk part ? young tom both . young megan you be infuriate . young tom I be sorry . young megan I do not know if I should slap you or kiss you . repeat after I . I ... young tom I ? young megan would like ... young tom ( catch on ) would like -- young megan to take you out sometime ... young tom to take you ... you have go out with I ? young megan now that you have ask so nicely , why not ? he smile widely . she laugh . int . tom & megan 's house - bedroom - day it have the easy , comfortable feel a room get when its occupant have live with each other for a length of time , and yet the sparse furnishings make it seem transitory . megan , hold a glass of water , lie on the bed . Susan , sit by she , sip a bowl of she own homemade soup . susan ( offer soup ) sure you do not want some ? megan shake she head , reach for a pill bottle and take out a capsule . she swallow it with some water . a open catalogue sit on the night stand , show a baby grand piano . megan put she glass down next to it . megan beautiful , be not it ? Susan glance at the catalogue . susan the piano ? megan I order it . susan you be kid . megan I 's '' go to learn how to play . I have always want to learn . susan oh , megan . megan ! you have to rest . take it easy . megan '' do not go gentle into that good night ... rage , rage , rage against the die of the light . '' susan be that what you be do ? rage ? megan it 's a Dylan Thomas poem . do I ever tell you I be a English major ? the phone ring on the night stand . megan ignore it . it ring again , make Susan anxious . susan should I get it ? she put the soup down and hurry to the phone . susan ( into phone ) Stark residence ... no , it 's not , may I say who 's call ... oh ... be he alright ?... yes ... yes ... thank you . shaken , she put down the phone . megan , puzzle , study she . susan Tom have a accident . int . coast starlight - engine car # 1 - day Dark . the noise emanate from the enormous , shiny 16 - cylinder , 4200 horsepower engine be deafen . a small door , lead out of the car , open . daylight flood the engine . a brakeman peer inside . ext . coast starlight - engine car # 1 - day the brakeman walk along the engine car - there be three of they - for one final check up . int . coast starlight - engine car # 2 - day another massive 16 - cylinder engine roar . int . coast starlight - engine car # 3 - day the last gargantuan engine be ready . the brakeman shut the engine car 's door . int . coast starlight - locomotive - day the roar from the three engine come in wave . the locomotive be surprisingly small . two GE desktop console occupy most of the space in the car . each console have a elaborate instrument panel . Tom study the train order , fill out paperwork . otis petalas , man the other side of the console , be a lean , glass - wear man in he 30' . tom what the hell 's today ? otiis Tuesday . August eighth . sure you should be drive , Tom ? tom do not you start with I too . he scribbles the date , then sign the order . otis raise he hand in surrender and pick up a black phone - a radio . 10 . otis ( into radio ) this be the Coast starlight , and we be set up and run ... wanda , you favorite train be leave ... wanda ( v.o. ) about time , Coast starlight . otiis come on . do not give we a hard time over five little minute ... Tom smile . otr ++- you know you want I . wanda ( v.o. ) like I want hemorrhoid . over and out , Romeo . otis put down the radio . Tom laugh . tom Romeo ?! otis oh , yeah . Love on a train - be not nothin’ like it . Tom look out into the already hot sun . int . train - first CLASS compartment - moving - dawn pale sunrays paint the old - fashioned sleeper compartment silver . Young megan , recline on the narrow bunk . Young Tom , undoe she blouse . his finger study she curve . she moan . he hike up she skirt , whisper in she ear ... young tom megan ... young megan yes , Tom . young tom how do you feel about train now ? young megan I love they ... 11 . young tom I love you . she pull he toward she . they move together to the rhythm of the train . int . foster home , simi valley - bedroom - day a dega print , '' the dancer , '' hang on one wall next to pink ballet shoe . a _girl 's room complete with pink curtain , a pink bedspread and a vanity . davey stare out the open window through a dirty screen , watch -- ext . foster home - day judy neasy , very heavy , curly hair , efficient manner , and renee , a nervous , wiry social worker . the woman walk toward the street , past a neglect front yard . renee you will be gentle with he ... I think he suffer from ptsd . ( off Judy 's clueless look ) Post traumatic stress disorder . judy this kid do not need pity , they require structure and discipline . that 's my gift to they . renee it 's just that he mother -- judy stop . you already tell I . Separate yourself from you job , Renee . they nre not you child . renee of course . you be right . I know you be . they arrive at a van with a red decal park curb side : ventura child & family SERVICES Renee turn to the bedroom window , see davey . she wave . 12 . ext . coast starlight - locomotive - moving - day the long , massive train barrel out of downtown Los Angeles . pile of brick , lumber and coil of sheet steel be stack out back by they respective warehouse -- the private part of american Industry , only visible from the train . int . coast starlight - coach - moving - day howie pugh , the conductor , now with a headset , grin ... howie Romeo ... he check he watch , remove the headset and get on the intercom . passengers settle in recline seat . howie ( v.0 . ) welcome to the Coast starlight . we be happy to have you on board . int . coast starlight - coach - moving - day another pack car . a elderly couple hold hand . a woman leaf through a fashion magazine . her teenage daughter put on lipstick , use a small compact . howie ( v.o ) Tom Stark , we # 1 engineer , and otis petalas , the # 2 engineer will take you all the way to oakland ... int . coast starlight - locomotive - moving ~ day Tom watch as the train speed increase on he display screen - in green letter it climb from 5 to 10 mph . otis tape the train order to the locomotive 's back wall / divider . howie ( v.0 . ) ..- for that of you continue to Seattle , lean back , relax and enjoy the ride ... int . tom & megan' house - bedroom - night Tom , deeply sad , watch as megan , in T-shirt and jeans , go to the closet . she take out a nightgown . 13. tom there 's go to be a hearing . I have to be here to find out when . megan ( sarcastic ) good . a official excuse . tom it 's not a excuse . if I be absent at the hearing , I will lose my job . megan you be like sand , Tom . the harder I try to hold you , the quick you slip through my finger . she exit to -- int . tom & megan' house - bathroom - night megan take off she T-shirt , toss it in the laundry bin . she open she bra . a white sponge fall to the tile floor . she pick it up and put it on the counter . she study she image in the mirror . a mastectomy scar she leave side . in comparison , she remain breast be supple and young . she turn on the water . she grab a washcloth , wet it and rub she face , she arm , she breast . she scrub harder and harder as if try to scrub away she illness . int . tom & megan 's house - bedroom - night Tom study the light filter into the room from under the bathroom door . he hear the water run , then muffle sob . int . tom & megan' house - bathroom - night Tom enter , see megan crouch on the floor , cry . he kneel by she side and pull she tightly to he . int . coast starlight - locomotive ~ moving - day the back door , connect to the train , open . Tom and otis turn . howie , the conductor , enter with a tray of doughnut and coffee . he put it down on a side table . the ride be so smooth , the coffee do not even stir . 14 . howie ( to otis ) Breakfast , lover Boy . Tom grin . otis frown . howie ( do a feminine voice ) Romeo , oh , Romeo , my asshole 's itchin 's - could it be love ?... otis shut you trap , jerk . be you eavesdropp on my radio again ? howie darn ! I forget my preparation h ... he send otis a air kiss and leave . Tom take a doughnut . otis I be gonna file a complaint . I be nail that nosy bastard . tom relax . you still take class ? otis sure I be . tom account 101 ? otis intermediate account III . if you be smart , you have be go too . train . it 's a die business . int . hospital - office - day dr . offenberger , 50 's , glass , sit opposite megan . she 's in scrub . frame certificate hang on the wall behind she . the doctor take a pause before speak . dr . offenberger I can not answer that . megan I will not hold you to it . give I you best guess . 15 . dr . offenberger you sure you want to know ? megan please , Doctor . he meet she eye . int . foster home - bedroom - day davey roughly wipe away tear from he eye and look around the pink bedroom . he take down the dega print that hang on one wall next to pink ballet shoe . he stare at it a brief moment , then crash ! he pound the print with he fist as hard as he can . the glass break , cut he hand . blood trickle over the paper dancer . the pain be almost a relief . he choose one large shard and use it to cut the window 's screen . he remove the pink pillowcase , wrapping it around he hand to stop the bleed . with he good hand , he grab he train from the bed and crawl out the window . ext . tapo canyon road , simi valley - day davey run by this main thoroughfare , typical of simi Valley precisely laid - out , spiritually bereft street . a ambulance , siren blast , barrel down the street . he 's so lonely , it hurt . ext . coast starlight - day Desert . the train be approach a wide curve on the track . int . coast starlight - coach - moving - day howie get on the intercom ... int . coast starlight - sightseer lounge - moving - day passengers enjoy this second level lounge , surround by glass window afford 360 - degree view on all side . howie ( v.o. ) hello train rider ... 16 . int . coast starlight - locomotive - moving - day Tom put the dynamic brake in reverse to slow down the train because of the turn . howie ( v.o. ) ... we be approach beautiful simi Valley on schedule . otis watch as the train speed gradually decrease on Tom 's display screen - it drop from 65 to 58 mph . ext . CENTER for intuitive medicine - garden - day a pond spurt water into the blue sky . tree and rise bush with white bloom surround this secluded , pastoral consultation area . megan , in the cotton dress , be on a garden chair next to Tom . she flip through a brochure : '' CENTER for intuitive medicine '' megan I try to plant flower yesterday . I do not do a very good job . we should water the yard more often . the dirt out there be so hard . tom this be a good place , you will see . megan see what , Tom ? tom chemo and hospital be not we only option . sheila , 30' , a attractive woman wear a sharp pantsuit , approach and sit with they . she offer megan she hand . sheila megan ? I be Sheila , it 's a pleasure to meet you . peace and love . megan hi. sheila hi , tom. ( to megan ) Tom think we can help you . ( more ) 17 . sheila ( cont would ) he be very convincing on the phone . do you browse through we brochure ? megan briefly . sheila we be a center for alternative approach to treat or ameliorate disease . we offer apply kinesiology , cupping , and even electromagnetic therapy . megan can you cure I ? sheila we be one of the best center in the country . megan you do not answer my question . sheila Tom tell we you be a nurse . as a professional from the medical field , you know there be no guarantee . however , we can try to rejuvenate you system , teach you a number of relaxation technique . megan I do not want to relax . I want to live . tom for Christ 's sake megan , will you just listen to she ? sheila that 's alright , Tom . of course you want to live , megan , but — - megan and I intend to spend the rest of my life do exactly what I want . electromagnetic therapy be not on my list . she rise and leave . Tom , upset , look at Sheila . 18 . sheila ( smile patiently ) give she time . she all come around . ext . coast starlight - locomotive - moving - day the engine enter the curve . the long train follow . Cars barrel over the turn in the road . int . coast starlight - sightseer lounge — moving - day passengers doze off . a teenager rock with he walkman . a father and he child watch the front portion of the train , as it negotiate the curve . squalid apartment building go by . child where be the tree and deer ? father we will see lot of tree after we cross the desert . child what 's that ? over there ... the child point ahead . there 's something on the track . int . lincoln - day Laura hold onto davey , try to subdue he with the last morsel of energy she can muster . davey no , Mom ! no! LAURA shh ... shh ... it ' 1ll be over soon . davey let go ! he try to pull up the lock on he door , but it will not budge . LAURA I wish you would stay with I ... he reach to she side and press the '' unlock '' button . a click sound . the lock pop open . 19 . wriggle himself free of he mother 's grasp , he open the car door , grab he train and jump out onto the track . int . coast starlight - locomotive - moving - day otis pour himself a glass of milk . Tom finish he doughnut , put down he coffee cup and look ahead . tom object on the track . otis squint . the lincoln be a blur on the track ahead . otis Jesus Christ . Tom reach for the air brake , take it down a notch and stop on '' service application . '' the psi drop on the screen : 5 pound , 10 pound ... otis get on the radio . otis ( into radio ) this be the Coast starlight approach hwy 6 . we have a object on the track , I repeat ... int . hospital - labor & delivery unit - day a glass enclose room with neat row of baby peacefully sleep in bassinet . megan , in a nurse 's scrub , cradle a baby boy wrap in a blue blanket . Susan , sad , also in scrub , enter . megan place the baby back in the bassinet . she softly kiss he forehead . megan I will miss they . ext . TOWNSHIP avenue , simi valley - night davey run . a industrial nightmare . pick - up and semi truck drive by . a warehouse . a hose , pitch on the side of the building , drip . davey , sweaty and heaving , find the faucet and turn it on with he good hand -his leave . he drink from the hose . a_quarter wink at he , shine on some gravel next to he foot . he pick it up . a truck with huge headlight exit the warehouse . the driver notice he . driver hey kid ! what you do there ? 20 . davey throw the hose . frantic , he run across the dark highway toward a neglect small park . the headlight throw off sliver of light , take he back to : int . LAURA & davey 's condo - LAURA 's bedroom - day slivers of light filter into the room through cheap blind . the window be shut . the air be stuffy , sour . davey enter , carry a plastic tray with a plate of scramble egg and burnt toast . next to the plate , a coffee mug read : '' # 1 Mom . '' he blink , adjust to the relative darkness . davey Breakfast be ready , Mom . Laura be cover in thick blanket in spite of the hot day . LAURA do you say you morning prayer ? davey push away a array of liquor bottle , make room for the breakfast tray on the night stand . he go to the cheap , white blind and roll they open , just so . davey eat you egg before they get cold . he return to the bed and put the sad tray on she blanket . LAURA I do not want it . davey Mom , you have to eat something . she place the tray back on the night stand and sit up in bed envelop by a sense of purposefulness . LAURA kneel , davey . davey I say my prayer . LAURA we 'il say they again . he kneel reluctantly and clasp he hand . 21 . LAURA o God , come to my aid . ( to davey ) I can not hear you . LAURA davey o Lord , make haste to help o Lord , make haste to help I . glory be to the Father I . glory be to the Father and to the Son and to the and to the Son and to the Holy Spirit , as it be in the Holy Spirit , as it be in the beginning , be now , and ever beginning , be now , and ever shall be , world without end . shall be , world without end . amen . amen. LAURA alleluia . she push the blanket away revealing a housedress that have see better day . davey it 's after ten . you sleep so hard , I do not want to wake you . LAURA I feel stronger , praise the Lord . davey I know it ! I tell you you would get better . I tell you ! LAURA it be Friday , davey ? davey no , Mom . it 's Tuesday . LAURA Tuesday 's a good day . how long before the train get here ? davey ( check clock on dresser ) thirty -six minute . ( realization ) we nre go to see the train ? LAURA yes , davey . davey you mean it ? 22 . she put she foot on the floor . shiver , she reach for a pill bottle on the night stand . davey we do not have to . if you do not feel good ... she open the pill bottle and spill out the remain pill . there be only five leave . she give two to davey . LAURA two for you and three for I . davey what for ? LAURA to make we happy . here . I ’11l take mine first . she drink they down . davey put the pill in he mouth . LAURA good boy . int . tom & megan 's house - bedroom - night Tom sit on the edge of the bed , wait with a pill bottle . megan enter from the bathroom in a white nightgown . he take two pill from the bottle , give they to she . she swallow the medicine quickly like a practice patient would . megan I be leave to San Francisco tomorrow . alone . she pull a empty suitcase out of the closet and leave it lie on the floor . exhausted , she crawl under the blanket . tom wait until the hearing . I '11 come with you . megan no , you will not . you will sign up for more shift . tom let I make it up to you . 23 . megan what for ? a tour of duty ? a last goodbye ? she kill the light , turn she back to he , as a train horn prelap and take we to the -- ext . rail crossing - day tracks . davey run to Laura 's side of the car . the train be grow larger . its horn sound like a thousand wail . ext . coast starlight - moving - day the brake pipe reduction be apply - Air flow out from the air reservoir on each car to the brake cylinder cause the train to slow down . int . locomotive - moving - day Tom and otis watch the speedometer . the speed go down from 58 to 52 mph . the oppressive hiss from the brake infiltrate the cab , make it even hotter . otis look ahead in disbelief . the car be clearer now . the train 's horn be so loud , he have to scream over it . otis a goddamn car ! tom shit. shit ! otis +.. play chicken with a train . Tom close the throttle . the locomotive vibrate violently . he eye the emergency application on the air brake gage . tom how many car be on the turn ? otr be how should I know ? ten ? tom get howie on the radio ! do it ! now !! 24 , ext . foster home , simi valley - day Renee 's white van drive away , its red decal show : ventura child & family SERVICES int . foster home - bedroom - day davey turn away from the window as Judy neasy , the heavy efficient foster mom , enter carry a plate with a thick slice of roast beef . she put it on the pink vanity . judy use to be my girl 's room . we ask for a girl , but you be a emergency . ( beat ) we like boy . we have two here already . they be brother . you be a only child , be not you ? ( beat ) you want some clean clothes ? not wait for a answer , she open the large closet , take out a girl 's pink T-shirt screen with cheerful , red heart . judy this will have to do for now . ( beat ) we eat together , but we already have we lunch . I '11 leave it here for you . we will talk later . and she exit , close the door behind she . int . coast starlight - locomotive - moving - day Tom watch as the speedometer drop to 48 mph . he turn to otis who get off the radio . tom what do he say ? otis seem stricken . tom what did he say ? otr be Seven car need to make the turn . 25 . tom son-of-a-bitch ! they both automatically turn to the emergency application . wanda ( v.0 . ) Coast starlight ? what the hell be go on there ? int . foster home - kitchen - day davey carry in he plate . he do not touch he food . he go to the sink and dump the roast beef down the garbage disposal , rinsing he plate conscientiously . a small tv be perch on the counter . he turn it on and turn up the volume on the Channel 4 news reporter : news reporter the senior engineer drive the train , Tom Stark , and he partner , otis petalas , have be suspend pend a investigation . source say there 's some dispute as to -- Judy enter briskly and shut the tv . she 's angry . judy Kitchen be off limit between meal time . tv privilege be with permission only . understood ? davey yes . judy yes , mar ’am . as long as you live here , you will play by my rule . davey listen to you own rule . judy go to you room . now. davey you should stay out of the kitchen . judy you be bad . I know it the moment I see you . she grab he arm and lead he out . 26 . int . foster home - hallway - day Judy roughly pull davey down the hall . a door off to the side open and a seven - year old boy peek out . judy in you room ! the Boy shut the door as Judy hurl davey inside '' he '' room . int . foster home - bedroom - day Judy shove the girl 's pink T-shirt into davey 's arm . judy put it on and go to bed . she head to the door , then turn . judy no wonder you own mom try to kill you . she leave , slamm the door behind she . davey 's eye sting with tear . he roughly wipe they , then he turn to the dega print on the wall and ... int . tom & megan' house - garage - night Tom , in front of one section of the platform , prick he finger on the jag roof of a miniature farm house . this be Tom 's own railroad : a expansive undulate wooden platform run around the inside of the garage . shiny model train sit on miniature rail and tie , complete with plastic passenger , station house , and '' scenery . '' blood trickle from the cut in Tom 's finger . he pick up the '' farm house , '' put it in he palm and study it . close on house : mary ( v.0 . ) happy birthday , tom. int . house , fresno california - live room - day mary stark , in a blue 1960 's factory uniform dress , put a homemade cake with a single burn candle on the salvation Army table . little tom stark , 9 today , blow the candle . 27 . she give he a short hug and grab she purse . he look away , try to hide he disappointment , but she see it anyway . mary next year we will have ourselves a real party . a quick kiss , and she hurry out . he follow , stand at the doorway , watch Mom run down the dirt driveway - the rag hem of she dress flap against she pantyhose leg - flagging a pass bus . it stop a few foot ahead . Mom climb aboard . he wait for the bus to disappear , then run out . ext . train - day Gray plume of smoke billow into the hazy afternoon air . the rusted car of a western pacific freight train roll over the track flanke by orange grove on both side . Little Tom emerge out of the orchard run , he clothes cover in leave and dirt . he chase the train and reach for the handrail on the side of one car , sprinting with all he might . he grab the rail and swing onto the ladder at the back of the car . he cling to the narrow iron ladder , panting and laugh , high on endorphin and youth . the train , as if rebel against he intrusion , move faster . but the boy climb and slowly let go of the ladder , crawl onto the roof of the freight car . he lie on the warm steel , raise one palm up and up and spread he finger wide , feel the wind rush through they . megan ( v.o. ) you drive that damn train all day ... int . tom & megan 's house - garage - night Tom turn away from the track toward megan . she stand in the doorway . megan ++- then you come home and build you own train . tom I have see he before - the boy from the accident . he hang out at the simi Valley station always ask a million question about train . 28 . megan how sad . tom I do not ask he mother to pick the starlight . megan what if I be lie on the track . would you have stop the train for I ? ext . rail crossing - lincoln - day davey open the driver 's side door . he try to pull he mother out . davey it 's come , Mom . we have to go ! she sink into oblivion . her head fall on the passenger seat . he turn , frantic . the massive train be grow larger . he crouch , fumble on the gravel try to find the key . davey where be the key ? where have you throw they ? he look around . crying , he go to she and shake she . davey do not sleep ! oh , God ! wake up , Mom ! wake up ! int . coast starlight - locomotive - moving - day otis and Tom can see davey clearly now . otis a boy ? tom fuck ! goddamnit ! otis stop the train ! otis reach for the emergency application on the air brake . Tom push he away . 29 . tom we tail be on the turn ! we ’l1l derail ! of tiis we have to try ! tom not with hundred of passenger on board ! ext . rail crossing - lincoln - day davey try to drag Laura out , but she be like a oversize rag doll -- her entire body have go limp . he turn . the train barrel toward he . desperate , he look around . davey help ! somebody ! help I ! but there 's no one . int . LAURA & davey ’'s condo , simi valley - kitchen - day davey 's train stand on the grimy kitchen counter . davey spit two pill into the sink which be cramme with dirty dish . he turn on the faucet . the water wash the pill down the drain . a phone ring . LAURA ( 0.s. ) davey ? davey ( call toward bedroom ) I get it , Mom ! int . LAURA & davey' condo - live room - day squalid , filthy , messy - only year of neglect can do this . davey get the phone . davey ( into phone ) hello ? ( try to sound like a man and keep he voice down at the same time ) yes , we know David have not be in school ... well , see he mother die ... that 's okay ... thank you . 30 . int . kitchen - day davey rinse the dish with a wear - out sponge . davey ( whisper ; to himself ) o God , dear God , forgive I for lie to the principal , but I have to be here to take care of my mother . thank you , god. amen . ext . rail crossing - lincoln - day davey , clasp Laura 's shoulder and arm , pull with all he might . int . locomotive - moving - day tom we be follow procedure . ootis we be gonna hit ! tom there 's nothing we can do about it ! otr be Christ ! ext . rail crossing - lincoln - day davey have manage to get Laura 's head and shoulder out of the car . but it 's not nearly enough . crying , he turn . the train be huge , loom over he like a giant steel monster . davey mooommmmm ! int . coast starlight - sightseer lounge - moving - day Glass window afford 360 - degree view on all side . horrify passenger scream as they see the boy and the car . the Father take he child away from the window . passenger grab chair , wall , anything solid , brace for the impact ... 31 . int . coast starlight - locomotive - moving - day Tom and otis . the train be inch away from davey . otis God forgive we . ext . rail crossing - day with a horrific screech , the train plow into the lincoln drag it forward as if it be a toy . fade to black . int . J & G construction - front office - dusk a shabby , wooden shack with a tin roof convert into two office -- front and back . Laura , four year young , she hair in a ponytail be on the phone , stand opposite a small window . truck be park outside on the unpave road . LAURA ( into phone ) I know the holiday be come , Mrs. klein ... Jeff personally tell I , he 'il be there tomorrow ... jeff steel , 40' , potbelly , come out from the back , head to the front door . he check out Laura 's behind . LAURA ( into phone ) ... we will finish you driveway by Christmas , I promise ... he place a black , steel toy locomotive on she desk . he then put he hand on she ass . she squirm away from he . LAURA ( into phone ) -+. call I tomorrow if they do not show up ... okay , bye . he grab she ass again . she hang up and slap he hand away . LAURA stop it . I do not fool around with marry man no more . I go to Church now . every Sunday , Jeff . 32 jeff ( sarcastic ) salvation be near , I be sure . LAURA you gonna finish she driveway ? the old bag 's be call every day . ( notice toy locomotive ) what 's that ? jeff for you boy . he exit . ext . J & G construction - dusk the shabby office be locate on a large , fence lot . Jeff head to one of the pick-up . Laura follow . LAURA ( be : train ) I can not give it to he . davey hate you , you know . jeff he do not hate I . LAURA you bet he do . he 's see I cry every time you leave . jeff do not tell he it 's from I then . LAURA who be I suppose to say it 's from ? jeff make something up . tell he he dad leave it for he . she throw the toy to the ground . LAURA you dirty bastard ! you son-of - a - bitch ! jeff for a Christian woman , you get one hell of a mouth . 33 . he go to she . she spit on the ground . jeff what be you so mad about ? it 's a great idea . ' specially when you do not know who he lousy dad be . LAURA do not you talk to I like that . he pick up the train and put it in she hand . jeff try and have yourself a nice holiday , Laura . he head back to he truck , get in , drive away . tearful , she clean the dirt from the toy train in she hand . ext . LAURA & davey 's condo , simi valley - balcony - dawn the sun burn its way through the pale , orange sky . clothes hang to dry on the steel railing hemming the bare , second floor balcony . davey put he black , steel toy locomotive on the rail , share the sunrise with it as if it be a old friend . mrs . brown , a oddly formal English woman , sport curler , lean over from a neighbor apartment , feign surprise . mrs . brown ( british accent ) why , hello there , davey . how 's you poor mother , bless she , on this lovely Tuesday morning ? davey she 's okay . mrs . brown up and about , be she ? davey not yet , but soon . mrs . brown if you want I to drop by and fix you two some tea - - 34 . davey ( impatiently ) later , Mrs. Brown . he run inside . int . tom & megan 's house - kitchen - dusk Tom enter . megan sit at the round kitchen table . megan what happen ? tom they suspend I to decide if we follow procedure . ( change subject ) you see the doctor ? restless , he sit opposite she . megan Susan bring we some soup . tom I be not hungry . you have to do chemo again ? her nurse 's uniform lie neatly fold on the table . megan my scrub . wo not be need they anymore . this kitchen be my favorite part of the house . you know , it 's the only room we have fully unpack . tom what do the doctor say , megan ? what be we option ? megan we do not have option . we have day , week , maybe month . the tumor have metastasize to my bone . tom Christ . oh , God . I be sorry . shit. I be sorry . megan it 's okay . 35 . he rise and steady himself against the kitchen counter . tom we will treat it again . it 's go to be hard , but -- megan it 's over . tom what do you mean ? we have get to fight it . we have to . megan I be do fight . chemo make I sick . my cancer be too advanced . and I refuse to spend what be leave of my life in a hospital room with tube , syringe and oncologist . tom there must be something -- megan there 's nothing . tom we have to try ! we have get to find a way to deal with ... with ... megan death . say it . ext . rail crossing - site of accident , simi valley - day News and camera crews swarm in the peripheral recording the irritate , confuse passengers who wait in long line to board the blue buss of California amtrak . yellow tape isolate the accident scene from the media . the car , or the mangle piece of metal that be leave of it , be still attach to the train 's grill like a deform , giant bug . detective work around it , retrieve evidence . Tom and otis step out of one car each hold a plastic cup with a urine sample . otis avoid look at the mangle lincoln as he and Tom hand they sample to a police officer . tom let I know if I be pregnant . 36 . the Police Officer smile awkwardly and take the sample . n.b. and official from the Federal railroad administration , mill nearby under the hot sun . Tom join they . otis stay a few foot away . tom it 's a suicide . no doubt about it . we follow the book . the feed recorder will tell you . n.b. Tom , we know you do . this be a complicated situation . tom there be fifty train suicide every year in LA alone . it 's not complicated . it 's routine . n.b. not with a woman and a young boy involved . official # 1 you be suspend until the hearing . tom some asshole put himself in front of a train , and it 's my fault ? n.b . we do not have a choice on this one . no one remember Victor Lopez but everyone know who Susan Smith be . tom what the hell do that mean ? otris Victor Lopez -- the homeless man who dive under my train in oxnard . they all turn to he , surprised to hear he speak . n.b . no one care about some wacko who decide to end he life under a train . but everyone feel for a mother and she child . tom son-of-a-bitch . shit ! 37 . he walk away . they watch he go . n.b. follow . n.b. ( to official # 1 ) I all talk to he . he will cooperate . ( turn ) Tom ! Tom ! wait ! Tom , upset , stop a short distance away . he watch the detective as they work on the car . n.b. catch up . n.b . we be talk about a week . ten day max . let we prove you guy do everything right . tom you know we do . n.b . there 's a public image to consider . I do not have to tell you that every publicize train accident fuel a new amtrak budget cut debate . renee ( 0.s. ) come on , David . Tom and n.b. turn and see -- Renee , the wiry social worker , escort davey to a park van with the red decal : '' ventura child & family SERVICES . '' the boy suddenly look up and clash into Tom 's eye . he stare , transfix . then , he scream across the way -- davey you didn't stop ! Tom look away , out into the distance . int . house , fresno california - day fairly dark in spite of the bright day outside . the door open . Little Tom , 9 , barrel in with a tatter school bag . aunt rose and uncle adam rise from the dilapidate couch . they be ordinary fresno farmer and look it , except that aunt Rose 's eye be red and puffy . little tom aunt Rose ! 38 . aunt rose oh , Tom ... she go to he and hold he tight , sobbing . uncle Adam hold he hat in hand , uncomfortable with this blatant display of emotion . little tom why be you cry ? she 's too distraught to answer . he notice a fray suitcase at uncle Adam 's foot . little tom where be we go ? uncle adam there be a fire at the factory Tom , and you mother , well , she ... little tom Mom ? uncle adam you will be live with we now . come on , son. Rose . we need to be on we way . he pick up Tom 's suitcase and go to the door . the boy look around , stunne . little tom Mom ? he run to the kitchen . aunt Rose rise in tear . Little Tom come back in . aunt rose she 's go , Tom . little tom mom ! int . train station , simi valley - night a sign read : welcome to simi valley clean and light , almost homey . passengers , on wait - area bench , eat , read and talk . nearby , davey , clutching he train , scan the fair chart . one entry on it inform : 39 . '' simi valley to los angele : $ 10.00 one way . $ 20.00 round trip . '' it might as well be a million . his gaze wander aimlessly around the station when he spot he answer : sharon , a pierce , tattooe teenage girl sleep against a duffel bag on one bench . she stick out like a stain on a Sunday suit . he mosey over and plump down next to she , or more exactly next to she army - style boot . he furtively glance over . the girl be sound asleep . a wallet stick out from she back pocket , attach to she jeans with a silver chain . he inch he way toward she wallet . he check the terrain . no one notice . no one care . he gently yank the chain , pull out the wallet and open it . smack ! Sharon hit he hand , very awake . sharon Way too slow . that 's you problem . alarm , he try to hightail it , when the girl grab he shirt , plant he firmly on the bench . davey I be only gonna borrow it . sharon ( glib ) sure , you be gonna give it back . think the cop will buy you story ? davey please do not call they . ( take out the quarter from he pocket ) take it . that 's all I have . she glance at the quarter in he hand , unimpress and let he go . she pull out a cigarette . he 's too scared to move . sharon want one ? davey you can not smoke here . sharon look who 's talk . tony soprano of simi Valley . 40 . she light the cigarette and find a bag of twinkies in she backpack . she put it on the bench between they . he slowly reach for it . she notice the deep cut in he right hand : sharon what happen to you hand ? he take a twinkie , nearly swallow it whole . davey if you give I ten dollar , I '1l send they back when I get to Los Angeles . sharon what be you go there for ? ( he shrug ) come on . it 's a secret ? level with I . you a runaway ? ( he nod ) mother or father ? davey Foster home . sharon ( grin ) no shit . join the frickin’ club . she rise , toss the cigarette on the floor and squash it with she boot . she traverse the short distance to the ticket window . davey watch she while eat the other twinkie . Sharon return to the bench , hold a ticket . she hand it to he . he take it , speechless . sharon you welcome . it 's good karma . ( beat ) well ? the last train leave in five minute . davey I nil pay you back . sharon tell you what . send it to my sister . she 's in a foster home too . she take out a pen from she bag . sharon give I that ticket . 41 . he do -- reluctantly . she scribbles a address on it and give it back , much to davey 's relief . sharon good luck . ext . apartment build , simi valley - day megan , in a summery cotton dress , get out of the car and inspect the barely - readable address on this miserable - look building , ironically name : simi valley royale int . apartment build - day megan study the rusty mail box . she find what she want : '' danner. 202 . '' int . apartment build ~ hallway - day megan carefully advance down the dreary hallway . she get to 202 . it 's just a door with grease spot and yellow police tape . what be she expect to find anyway ? spend , she lean against the door ; it narrowly open . someone forget to lock up . she push the door in , expose the squalid , filthy live room - only year of neglect can do this . she take in the ruin of Laura and davey 's life . megan Jesus . mrs . brown ( 0.s. ) ( british accent ) I fancy they be long go . startle , megan turn . Mrs. Brown , the oddly formal british woman , frown at she . mrs . brown the officer . they collect they evidence and leave . megan you know they ? mrs . brown Laura and davey ? I suppose so . you look a bit pale , deary . 42 . megan I could sit for a moment . mrs . brown Lovely . I ' 11 fix we a cupper . int . tom & megan 's house ~ live room - day Tom open the door . it 's otis . otis hey , Tom . sorry to disturb you at home . can we talk ? int . tom & megan 's house - garage - day Tom install a piece of track . otis , surprised , check out the model track . otis I have no idea you be into model train . tom something wrong with that , Romeo ? of tis no , and I do not need anybody 's shit right now . Tom put the track down . he go to the door . tom let 's get out of here . ext . monument park , simi valley - night davey climb up a slope speckle with tall weed . something move behind he . he freeze , then quickly turn . every tree and bush be ominous and sinister . a_lonely bird land on a branch nearby . it watch he . he stare back . davey ( scare the bird ) ahhh ! it do not move . he bend , pick up a small rock from the ground and throw it at the bird . 43 . he miss by a inch , but the stubborn thing will not budge or even flutter . a shiver run down he spine . he look around . davey ( whisper ) Mom ? the bird fly away . he shake he head , dismissive , and continue up the incline . he settles on one spot and carefully sit , unravel the pink pillowcase wrap around he hand . he flinch . the cloth have stick to a deep , open wound ; it now remove piece of he skin as it come undone . int . mrs . brown' apartment - live room - day it 's a bit like a doll 's house with doily and whatnot occupy every available corner . megan , uneasy , be perch on the sofa . Mrs. Brown enter with a teapot and cup . she sit , put a cup in front of megan and take one for herself . mrs . brown we will let it brew a while . megan you be very kind . mrs . brown I have live next door to Laura for five year . we be no bosom buddy , but you live next to someone for that long , you get to know they in a intimate way . megan she ever mention suicide to you ? mrs . brown you be a nosy one . poke ! snoop ! how do you find we ? who send you ! megan Laura be list . call information if you do not believe I . mrs . brown oh , dear ...dear ... dear ... ( giggle ) try time , indeed . cookie ? megan no , thanks . really . 44 , but Mrs. Brown be already up and on she way to the kitchen . megan be impatient ... megan ( call toward kitchen ) you be say , about Laura ... mrs . brown ( 0.s. ) I look after she son here and there . bless she . Mrs. Brown return , munch on butter cookie . she set the plate on the table . megan smile cordially . mrs . brown could not help but notice all the man come and go out of she apartment . of course , no one 's be around in age , but they use to flock to she like hungry bird . megan they stop come ? mrs . brown she have a breakdown . a nerve disease . monstrous , be not it ? the trick we mind play on we ... tea ? megan you think she want to die , then ? Mrs. Brown pour imaginary tea from the pot . first in megan 's cup , then in hers . megan watch she , baffle . mrs . brown hard to say , be not it ? maybe she do . maybe she do not . ( sip imaginary tea ) quite good . do not be shy . try it . megan ( beat ) my cup be empty . mrs . brown nonsense . do not be scared , Love . I make it me-self . megan ( rise ) I should go . 45 . mrs . brown you have not have you tea ! megan ( " sip '' she tea ... ) mmmm ... very good . mrs . brown Lovely . int . union station - night davey look up at a large sign : welcome to union station , los angele a cavernous marble hall with tall ornate ceiling , black marble floor and fabulous chandelier . davey furtively pass a tall ticket counter . the two clerk inside be busy talk . he continue down to one door : '' authorize personnel only . '' int . union station - hallway - night davey make he way down the marble hallway carefully examine the picture that adorn the wall : Union Station in the 30n and 40' . n.b. come out of one office with a engineer . davey hug the wall . engineer tough break . Tom love he train . they go into another office without notice he . the door close behind they . davey continue down to the -- ext . union station - platform - night davey , hold he train , be face - to- face with a real , live dock train . he run he finger along one car . he see the ladder in the back and place he toy engine on the ground . ext . coast starlight - moment later davey get to the end of the ladder . he look down at the tangle of wire and steel connect he car to the next one . he step off the ladder and onto the roof , careful not to put too much pressure on he injure right hand . 46 . slowly , he straighten himself and take a few step . it 's scary . from he vantage point he can see the gigantic station building and more train . dock train , rest like beach whale on they track . he continue to walk . faster and faster . he stumble , lose he balance and almost slip off of the car . determined , he straighten up and look ahead . he run . he get to the end of the car - jump . he just make it , landing hard on the adjacent car 's roof , he body slamm against the cold , hard metal . victorious , he rise and look up at the dark sky . davey I be not scared of you ! do you hear I ? I ’m not scare ! int . car - moving - day Tom and megan in the cotton dress . tom what do you want ? what do you want I to do ? megan what happen to we ? tom what be you talk about . megan you hear I . tom meggie ... megan do not '' meggie '' I . I be not some fragile thing ! tom what do you want from I ! megan I want to know why we never have child ! ! he pull over to the curb . they sit there a moment , tread on dangerous ground now . 47 . tom we do not find the right time . megan you keep move we around . fourteen home in fifteen year of marriage . tom that 's what trainmen do . they move with the train . megan not all of they ! it 's not a rule . it 's what we do . who could have a child like that ? tom you get sick . megan you be blame I ? tom I ' be not blame anyone . it just happen that way . she absorb he word , swallow the lump in she throat . megan I think I have all this time . to be a woman , a nurse , a mother . then I find out I do not . thing that be not urgent before suddenly take on a whole new meaning . tom I be never sure I have make a good father . megan I be not afraid to die but to think I have not live , that terrify I . ext . coast starlight - platform - day passengers board the train , pass a sign that read : union station - los angele Vince , the engineer , head to the locomotive . 48. int . coast starlight - bathroom - day davey , wash he face and hair in the small sink , try to make himself presentable . he 's careful with he right hand that have the nasty , deep cut . his clothes be filthy . int . coast starlight - coach car - day howie , in conductor 's uniform , go by . davey exit the bathroom with he train and see he . he follow . davey you the conductor ? howie ( turn ) yeah ? davey I be look for my uncle Tom . howie never hear of he . davey he drive this train . howie you mean , Tom Stark ? I do not know he have relative . davey he have a sister . I want to surprise he . howie sorry , kid . Tom 's off duty because of the accident . davey ( play dumb ) the accident ? a middle - age man , a bit lose , hand howie he ticket stub . howie ( to man ) two car down . ( to davey ) tell you what , I 'il take you to Tom 's place . 49 . davey really ? howie sure , catch a ride with we . Tom 's nephew be my nephew . int . bar - dusk a work man 's joint . country music play in the b.g. truck driver wash down the road at the bar . Tom and otis be at one table . rosanna , cheap highlight and expensive cleavage , serve otis a coffee and put a beer in front of Tom . rosanna anything else ? tom we be good . she give Tom a sultry smile and leave . tom I think she like you . of tis not my type . tom I do not know you have a type . otis you think about it ? tom about what ? of tis the accident . I be have a hard time with it . tom keep it to yourself . I do not want to hear it . otis I be go to talk to n.b. I be give my notice . tom you do that now and you all make it look like we do something wrong . 50 . otis but we do , Tom . tom we do not have a choice , damn it . of tiis we do not ? tom if we have put the train on emergency , the wheel would have flatten . we would have derail . otis we will never know for sure . tom no . we will not . it be a judgment call , and I make it . ( try a different tact ) look , you do not have it so bad . you be good at what you do . you be barely thirty - five and you be drive the starlight . otis and the guy hate I for it . tom screw they . ( to bartender ; be : beer ) can I get another ? otis we kill a human be - a person . tom it be a suicide ! otis the homeless man be my first one - Victor Lopez . Tom shake he head . a heavy weight on he shoulder . rosanna put another beer on the table , give Tom another sultry smile and leave . tom ( desperate ) why do not we talk about something else . ( more ) 51 . tom ( cont would ) . tell I , what 's it like be a bachelor nowadays ? you pick up the girl in accounting class ? otiis it be right before the end of the shift . we have a smooth ride for ten hour . I be look at the clock and think that we be make good time , might even be fifteen minute early come into LA . then I see he . stand on the track , gaze up at the sky , clear as day in the spotlight , and we blow the horn and ring the bell , but he ignore we . tom they turn we into executioner . otis you know what he do right before we hit he ? he smile at we . tom he have a death wish . some people do . other people do not want to die and they die anyway . this be not easy to say . he drink . otis pause , then : he rise . otis I all wait until the hearing 's do . I will give n.b. my notice then . tom Fine . do that . otis do too . otis do not be a asshole . tom I have no need for a quitter . he throw some money on the table . otis everything in you life be die and you just can not deal with it . Tom punch he . hard . otis fall to the floor . his glass break . 52 . he spring up and try to hit Tom , but miss . Tom punch he in the stomach . otis double over . Tom be ready to pounce on he when the very LA bartender run over with a golf club . bartender get out ! now ! ext . bar - night a strip mall . otis get into he car . Tom be blind by rage . tom you talk about my wife again , I 'il kill you . otis at least I be alive . you be already dead inside and everyone know it . int . tom & megan' house - garage - day Tom , face distort in rage and sorrow , rise from the floor and look at he railroad . shiny model train sit on miniature track . he send he fist into the track . crash !! bit of plastic and metal go everywhere . a plastic '' passenger '' plunge to the floor . he turn to another section . crash !! the '' mountain scenery '' behind the track break in two . a yellow western pacific model train tumble down . methodically he go around the track break section after section . he stop to study the destruction . the chaos that be he life . int . tom & megan' house - bedroom - day megan close a suitcase . she take a last look around . int . tom & megan' house - live room - day megan carry the suitcase down the stair . the stark room be empty except for open and close move box that be scattered throughout . she know where to find she husband . int . tom & megan' house - garage - day megan enter with the suitcase . Tom sit on the floor margine by he break railroad . she put she suitcase down and take in the ruin around they . he rise . 53 . tom I be scared of lose you because everyone I care about leave I . megan it 's too late , Tom . tom I think if I do not get comfortable , if I keep we on the move and do not settle down it would not be so hard if you leave I too . she go to he and give he a hug . then : megan walk I to the door ? he nod , choke - up , and take she suitcase . they walk out . int . tom & megan 's house - live room - day megan and Tom enter . he stop . tom I can not let you go . megan Tom ... tom what 's go to happen when you get worse . who 's go to take care of you there ? megan I will figure it out . a knock . Tom put down the suitcase , go to open the door . davey stand in the doorway clutching he train . Tom blanch and take a step back . davey advance into the house , stare at he with accuse eye . megan see they . megan Tom ? mad with anger and grief , davey unleash a barrage of punch on tom. 54 . davey you do not stop ! shock and helpless , megan watch as Tom fend off davey 's blow . she notice the boy 's bruise hand . megan ( to Tom ) do not hurt he . Tom manage to pin davey against the wall . davey you have time ! you do not stop ! megan Tom ! let he go . he do . Tom and davey , at a stand off , glare at each other . megan why be you angry with Tom ? davey he kill my mother ! tom she kill herself . megan ( realization ) oh , god. davey what be you do ? 60 ? 70 ? tom 58 . davey 58 ! tom I do not owe you a explanation . davey yes , you do ! megan tom. please . 55 . tom ( beat ) my tail be on the curve . davey that do not matter . tom it do ! I be still make the turn ! davey how many car ? tom seven. megan show he the book . int . tom & megan' house - kitchen - soon after davey 's train be perch atop the table . davey hover over Tom 's tatter , thick rule Book , read intently . Tom watch he , tense . davey look up at he . davey it do not say . tom ( point to book ) right here . if you can picture a train go very fast -- davey you mean if it run over 50 mph . tom right . and the engineer decide to use the emergency brake instead of slow it down , then -- davey there 's a 60 % chance the train will derail . that 's what it say ? tom yeah . davey but that 's not for sure . 56 . tom it be a chance I could not take . davey because you tail be on the turn ? tom and I have three hundred passenger . the train be pack . davey pause , conflict between he love for train and he rage for Tom . davey it almost always be . tom it 's a popular route . megan join they at the table with a alcohol rub and a bandage . she clean davey 's wound expertly . he wince . megan it will only hurt for a second . she quickly fan it with she hand to soothe he pain . megan what do they call you ? davey davey . megan that 's a nice name . tom how do you find I ? davey I go on the train . tom what train ? megan who 's take care of you now ? davey no one . megan do not you have any family ? 57 . davey they put I in a foster home . tom ( to megan ) we should call the police . a knock . they exchange tense glance . tom if they be not here already . shit ! he rise . davey look at megan , alarmed . megan do not go anywhere . it will be okay . int . tom & megan' house - live room - day megan and Tom , confuse , stare at two husky workmen . a large , cover object rest behind they . a truck be park in the driveway . workman megan Stark ? megan yes . workman we have you piano . megan my...piano ? ( giddy with relief ) of course ! my piano ! he hand she a invoice . she happily take it . workman where do you want it ? she point to a corner by some move box . megan there . thank you . tom what piano ? megan I order it a few day ago . 58 . tom oh. they watch as the man carry the piano inside . megan what be we go to do ? tom get he out of here . megan let he stay . tom what ? megan just for one day . tom they 'il fire I . I can not have contact with a victim 's family . megan do you see he clothes ? do you see he face ? his mother just die . tom someone must be look for he . megan Tom , if he 's leave now , I be go with he . she return to the kitchen , leave he to watch the workmen as they uncover a black , baby grand piano . workman congratulation . it 's a nice one . int . foster home , simi valley - bedroom - day Judy enter . davey 's not around . she go to the closet . judy ready to say you be sorry ? she open the closet door . he 's not there . now she notice the shattered glass . the open window ... she hurry out . 59 . int . tom & megan' house - kitchen - day davey try to eat he egg politely , yet he 's so hungry he can not chew fast enough . megan , sit opposite he , smile . megan more ? davey no , thank you . have scrubbed the plate clean , he rise , take he dish to the sink . he open the faucet . she watch he , surprised . megan what be you do ? davey wash my dish . megan I will do it . davey I do not mind . megan it ''s okay . really . int . tom & megan' house - live room Tom , edgy , leaf through the newspaper on the couch . megan enter . davey follow cautiously . he be draw to the piano . megan do you play , davey ? he shake he head '' no . '' Tom stare at he . megan take davey out of the room . int . tom & megan' house - bathroom davey soak in a bubble bath . his train be on the floor next to he . megan open the door slightly . megan how be you do in there ? davey good , mar ‘’am . 60 . megan call I megan . she put some clothes on the floor and close the door . he take a sponge and scrub himself . int . tom & megan' house - tom 's office - day it 's really the storage room . a few box be stack on the desk . other be scattered throughout . megan cover the futon with colorful sheet . Tom peer in the doorway . tom where be he ? megan take a bath . he 's so polite . tom strange kid . too grown-up . she push some box out of the way . he help she . megan you can not imagine how he be raise . ( off Tom 's puzzle look ) I go to see he home yesterday . tom whose home ? megan davey and Laura 's . in simi Valley . she go into one box , take out picture of Tom with steam engine and freight train . he stare at she in disbelief . tom why would you do that ? megan to find out if she really want to die . tom she put she car on the track , do not she ? goddamnit , megan ! 61 . megan it be important to I . a woman die , and you seem to only care about you suspension ... Tom , you should have see they home . it be awful . terrible . she place the train photo on the empty bookcase . he take one and study it in a gesture of reconciliation . tom where have you find they ? megan they have be here . I think he 'il like they . davey enter in one of Tom 's t-shirt . he hold he train and stand there , awkward . megan smile . without the layer of dirt , davey be a handsome boy . int . dept . of child and family SERVICES - office - day the wiry social worker be at she messy desk , on the phone . renee ( into phone ) ++-i‘ 1l notify the police , Judy ... thanks . aggravate , she slam the phone , dig in she drawer , take out a cigarette and light it . she inhale , then : renee crap . since the desk do not have a inch to spare , file be stack on the wear carpet . she bend to the floor and find a folder there : david danner . int . tom & megan 's house - laundry room - day megan put davey 's clothes in the washer and start it . she pick up he sad , tear sneaker , wipe they clean . int . tom 's office - day the room be neater now . davey study a train photo just like Tom do . megan enter with a mug of hot chocolate . 62 . megan we better put you in bed . reluctantly , he go to the futon . davey no one sleep in the daytime unless they be sick . megan Tom sleep during the day . davey he do ? megan if you do not fall asleep , we all think of something to do . he get in bed , sit up . she give he the hot chocolate . he sip from it . davey you be not gonna make I pray ? megan pardon ? davey my mom like I to pray a lot . megan you can if you want to . davey not right now . she caress he hair . megan that 's alright . int . tom 's office - later davey sleep . megan watch he every breath . Tom open the door and peer in . megan he 's sleep . 63. int . tom & megan 's house - live room - dusk Tom remove a stereo from one of the move box . he install it next to the tv . megan take out a tall vase from another box . megan I guess we be stay a while . tom I think we will . his eye drift to she pack suitcase . it still sit by the door . a wordless understanding pass between they . she watch , as he carry she suitcase up the stair . int . simi valley police department - dusk spacious , clean , well - fund . police officer chat , drink coffee and file report . crime be under control in simi . Renee , anxious , cradling she own styrofoam cup of coffee , sit with detective ann crane and christian fox . renee Judy neasy have be a foster parent for three year . she have a excellent reputation with we . alright . she 's a disciplinarian . but I get he on such short notice , and I think that after ... well , after live with a psychotic mother , discipline might be good for he . ann I be sure you mean well . christian do you have a picture ? Renee open she folder , take out a school photo of davey and hand it to Christian . ann we will circulate it to we patrol unit . renee you will find he , will not you ? 64 . Christian and Ann exchange glance . renee maybe you could start with train station . after the accident he be hold this little toy train -- ann Renee . May I call you Renee ? renee yes . please . ann in 2004 alone , over one hundred thousand child be report miss in California . most of they be runaway . renee I be a social worker . you think I do not know the statistic ? christian then you should realize chance be we will never find he . never . int . tom & megan 's home - live room - night it 's start to look like home . megan , take a break from unpack , sit at the piano . Tom , stand next to she , smile encouragingly . she make random sound softly touch the key . megan I do not want to wake he . tom you will not . she caress the key with she finger . megan it 's so beautiful . he put he arm around she full of yearn . tom I be glad you do not ... megan I know . I know . 65 . int . renee 's office - night Renee , eye red , smoke a cigarette . guilt-ridd , she stare at davey 's photo lie on the desk . a janitor enter with a vacuum cleaner . Renee rise . renee I be just leave . her eye drift to davey 's photo . instead of leave , she sigh and sit down again . the janitor turn on the vacuum . ext . tom & megan 's home - tom 's office - dawn megan sleep on a chair opposite davey - she 's obviously be there all night . Tom , stand at the window , watch the August sun lazily make its way up the sky . he turn , meet she eye . tom good morning . she smile widely , glow like a young girl again . int . tom & megan be home - garage - day Tom work on the track . megan watch he . megan I wish we could keep he . tom you promise - one day . megan he need we . tom we would be break the law . be not it like kidnap or something ? megan so ? tom so ?! they will not reinstate I if they find out he be here even for one day . ( different tact ) we could get in big trouble ! 66 . megan I do not care . I be ask you to do this for I . tom if I do not work on the rail , I be nothing . megan you be my husband . int . tom & megan 's home - kitchen - day megan watch as davey , in he now clean clothes , drown he egg in ketchup . davey I sleep for almost a whole day . I be so tired , and I do not even know it . where 's Tom ? megan work on he railroad . davey he 's get a railroad ? megan in the garage . you can join he when you be do . davey ( jump up ) I be do . int . tom & megan be home - garage - day megan let davey in . Tom work on a break track section . davey wow ! he follow the track along the wall , not dare to touch they . davey they be break . tom I will fix ‘em in no time . 67 . davey so big ... Station house and people and the track - they be so real . tom yes , well , I have be at it a while . ( to megan ) you ready ? int . tom & megan 's home - kitchen - day with a tremble hand , megan jot something down on a piece of paper . she fold it neatly and give it to davey . megan that 's we number . if you need anything , just call I , okay ? davey I do not want to go back there . megan you can not stay . they will not let we keep you . davey because of the accident ? megan yes . she hug he . Tom enter and watch she . she release davey , hurry out . tom megan ... she turn to he . there 's nothing he can say to make it better . she leave . davey turn to Tom . they go to the door . ext . tom & megan 's home - day Tom and davey head to the car park in the driveway . int . tom & megan 's home - tom 's office - day megan , distraught , tear the linen off of the futon . she hear the car start outside . she drop the sheet and go to the window . 68 . int . car - day davey put on he seat belt . Tom look out the car window -- int . tom & megan ‘s home - tom 's office - day megan , at the window , watch as Tom pull out the driveway . int . car - moving - day a neighbor , walk she dog on the sidewalk , block Tom 's way . distract , he brake just in time and turn to davey . tom put you head down . davey bend low in he seat . the neighbor wave , while she dog relieve himself on the driveway . Tom wave back . davey what be you afraid of ? tom nothing . I do not want anyone see you , be all . he turn to the boy - davey clasp the scratch toy train that 's sit in he lap . it move Tom . he look at davey . int . tom & megan 's home - tom 's office - day megan , at the window , take a step back . she run out . int . tom & megan be home - live room - day megan run in , see davey and Tom . one look at she husband 's face tell she everything she need to know . she rush into he arm , sobbing . he hold she . she wipe she tear , release Tom and look at davey . megan everything be go to be alright now . 69 . int . train station , simi valley - night a sign read : welcome to simi valley clean and light , almost homey . passengers wait on bench . Renee tentatively hang a flyer with davey 's picture under the head : missing : david danner she look around , expect someone to reprimand she . no one do . no one care . int . tom & megan 's home - kitchen - night Three plate be set on the table . Tom sit opposite davey . davey when do you start drive train ? tom many year ago . davey how old be you ? tom I do not know . maybe thirty . davey I will be ten in January . megan , a bit anxious , set a grill chicken on the table . Tom cut the bird . megan ( to davey ) I hope you like chicken . davey I do. ( deliberate ; to Tom ) my_mom use to make it all the time . Tom , tense , push he chair back , rise . tom Excuse I . 70 . he leave . davey bite he lip and look at megan . she smile compassionately . davey you be not mad ? megan it 's okay to miss you mother . int . tom & megan 's home - tom 's office - night davey sleep . megan adjust he blanket . int . tom & megan be home - garage - night Tom roughly handle the track . megan enter . megan he do not know any better . tom he do it on purpose . to spite I . megan I be take the car . he turn to she . concerned . tom where be you go ? megan to buy he some clothes . he can not keep wear you t-shirt . tom I 'il go . she look at he , surprised . tom give I the key already . you have be go nonstop . megan make sure to get everything . she hand he a list and hug he . tom what the hell be we do ? 71 . megan I be not sure , but I feel good . better than I have in a long time . int . target store -— night Soft pop music play as Tom meander down the aisle with a shopping cart . he stop at the boy 's clothing department . he take a pair of boy 's jeans from the rack . he add they to he cart then take a few more pair in vary size , just in case . int . tom & megan be home - tom 's office - day the August sun bathes the room with light . megan take out new clothes from '' target '' bag . she gently fold one of the shirt , put it in the dresser . int . tom & megan be home - garage - day Tom work on he railroad . davey watch he , clutching he toy locomotive . Tom turn . davey look away . Tom resume work . davey resume stare . Tom sigh . tom ( relenting ) want to help ? davey yeah . Tom hand he some '' tree . '' tom you decide where you wait passenger could use some shade . he go back to fix the rail . davey put he train aside and approach the track . tom careful . davey nod and install the '' tree . '' davey what do you call you railroad ? tom the Stark special . 72 . davey good name for a train . tom I like to think so . ( be : davey 's train ) Nice engine you get there . davey my mom give it to I . ( lie ) she be like megan . she cook a lot and clean and help I with homework every day . tom yeah . I be sure she be mother of the Year . we be do here . he put down the track . davey , upset , run out . tom shit . he exit . int . dept . of child & family SERVICES ~ hallway - day Renee , with a stack of '' davey '' flyer , hurry to the door . her supervisor , aaron , enter . he see she and stop . aaron I think you have a hearing this morning . renee yes , well , I ask Richard to cover for I . aaron ( see flyer ) what be this ? renee Flyers . aaron I know what they be , Renee . what I do not know be what you be do with they . 73 . renee go to train station . aaron come again ? int . tom & megan 's home - live room - night megan and davey , in he new clothes , eagerly sit next to a thin , seriously perspire piano teacher . he take out some sheet of music and set they . megan that will not be necessary . piano teacher no ? megan I want you to teach I one tune . something ... simple . he think a moment and play a haunt piece by badarzewska . megan ( move ) what do you call it ? piano teacher '' the maiden 's prayer . '' int . department of child SERVICES - aaron 's office - day folder be neatly stack on the spotless desk . Renee sit opposite Aaron . a citation for excellency proudly hang directly behind he : '' aaron lapido - for a decade of dedicate service . '' aaron now and then we make bad call . what 's important to remember be that we do we best under difficult circumstance . renee I completely agree , but -- aaron to say the boy have a troubled history would be a understatement . ( more ) 74 . aaron ( cont would ) he probably would not have make it with any family . any . his flight be not surprising . it be inevitable . be we clear ? renee very . int . car - moving - day Tom drive . megan be next to he . davey sit in the back . megan you have really never see one ? davey they do not have they in simi . tom they be large , blue and wet . megan ( glib ; to Tom ) you be such a poet . ext . venice beach - dusk the hazy orange sun , hide behind distant summer cloud , diminish as it dip into the ocean . davey , barefoot , kick the water . he turn to megan and Tom , big smile on he face and run along the shore , hopping and jump on the surf . Tom turn to megan . she look pale . tom you alright ? she nod . he put a tentative arm around she shoulder . int . venice beach - coffee shop - dusk a busy joint on the Venice boardwalk . megan and Tom , drink soda , and davey , eat chocolate ice cream , sit by large window overlook the rollerbladers outside as they zoom by . a band play on a small dais . a wedding party , bride and GROOM in tow , enter the coffee shop happy , young and carefree . some buy ice cream . some sit . the bride , barefoot , and Groom , in sandal , get on the dance floor . 75 . in they honor , the Band play a sweet , slow tune . megan turn to Tom . one look , and they rise and go to the dance floor . davey , eat he ice cream , watch with a shy smile . megan whisper something in Tom 's ear . he return to the table and sit . megan gesture to davey . tom never keep a lady wait . davey hesitates , then rise and go to megan . she dance with he . Tom eat davey 's ice cream . ext . lapd - hollywood - night Renee park she van at the curb , toss she cigarette butt out the window . int . lapd - wilcox station , hollywood - night dirty and under-funded . busy police officer work at cramped desk . Renee sheepishly pin a '' davey '' flyer on one wall . a wall already crowded with dozen and dozen of miss young face that assemble in a heartbreaking collage . int . tom & megan be home - bedroom - night Tom and megan sleep . davey stand in the doorway , watch they . megan open she eye . startle , she sit up . davey back out . she rise . int . hallway - night davey sit on the floor rock to and for . megan approach . megan davey ? you need something ? he shake he head . megan come on . let 's get you back in bed . int . tom 's office - night megan tuck davey in . 76 . megan you want to talk about it ? ( beat ) be it a bad dream ? davey I be pretend . megan pretend what ? davey that you be my mother , and we be like a family . I tell Tom my mom be like you . that she cook and help I with homework , but she do not . not in a long time . megan I be sure she do she best for you . davey she try real hard . megan I know . go to sleep now . int . bedroom - night megan , exhaust , take off she robe . she get in bed . Tom turn to she . tom everything okay ? she bury she head in he chest . he stroke she hair . she hug he tightly . int . tom 's office - night davey get out of bed , hold he train . he go to the bookcase and carefully position it on top . ext . bookstore - day the sign on the front window announce : '' back to school sale . '' megan exit with a large bag . 77 . int . car - day megan get in , put the bag on the passenger seat . she start the car , then dig in the bag and take out child book . she leaf through they . int . tom & megan be home - davey 's room - day Tom and davey paint the wall blue in Tom 's office . it 's now officially davey 's room . Tom notice davey 's engine on the bookcase . davey follow he gaze . davey my dad ask my mom to give it to I for Christmas when I be six . he must have really like train . ( beat ) do you father like train ? tom I never know he . davey I do not know mine either . Tom take that in . davey dip he brush in black and paint a shape over the blue . Tom quizzically watch he . davey it 's a bird . int . tom & megan be home - live room - night Tom watch megan and davey play '' chopstick '' together . davey pound the key hard . megan do the same - even harder . davey laugh . Tom smile . int . tom & megan be home - bedroom - night megan enter . a single rise lie on she pillow . she go to the bed and take it . Tom enter from the bathroom , he hair comb back . he strike a pose at the door . she laugh . tom sexy stuff , huh ? megan irresistible . 78. he go to the bed , collect she in he arm . tom I want to be you man . megan silly . you be my man . tom will you be my woman ? he take a elongate box from the night stand and hand it to she . she open it . a delicate necklace lie inside . megan Tom ! we can not afford this . tom repeat after I : happy ... megan ( smile ) happy . tom anniversary . megan anniversary ... the year go by so fast , yet certain moment be so clear in my mind . tom the first time you talk to I at the diner . he gently lay she down . he kiss she , passionately . megan we first train ride . you remember ? tom every detail . I love you so much , my meggie . he unbutton she blouse . they kiss . his finger study she body carefully , like a man discover virgin land . ext . tom & megan 's home - dawn sunray dry the morning dew from the impatien . 79 . int . tom & megan 's home - kitchen - day megan listen , as davey read from Jack london' , the call of the Wild . davey ( read ) '' , .. instinct long dead become alive again ... '' ( to megan ) what be , '' instinct '' ? megan a feel you get in you stomach when something be right or wrong . Tom enter with the mail . he go through the envelope and open a official - look one from the National transportation Safety board . davey ( show off for Tom ) '' , .. the domesticate generation fall from he ... '' but he stop read , notice that megan be study Tom 's face as he scan the official - look letter . megan what be it ? tom I have five day . upset , he leave the letter on the table and ... tom I ' 1l be in the garage . he exit . megan take the letter , look it over . davey five day for what ? megan Tom 's hearing . to decide if he do the right thing in the accident . davey what if they decide he do not do the right thing ? bo . megan then he will not be a engineer anymore . that 's okay . Tom 's capable . he can do many thing . davey there 's nothing like drive a train . int . tom & megan 's home - garage - day Tom and davey work on the railroad . the break track have be mend . the '' scenic scenery '' behind the track be come together . davey pick up a model steam engine . davey what do you call this one ? tom up 2-4-0 . davey it 's real nice . tom uh-huh . davey carefully put it down and go back to install a '' mountain '' behind the track . davey I could tell ‘em she want to die . Tom turn to he , perplex . tom huh ? davey I could say that at you trial . tom it 's a hearing and , no , that 's alright . davey you do not want I to tell ‘em ? tom it do not matter if you mother want to die , what matter be if I handle the situation correctly . 81 . davey ( beat ) I forgive you . tom forgive I , for what ? she take away my option , when she put she car in front of I . davey yes , she do . tom it just so happen that she choose my train . davey yes , I know . int . union station - dusk a sign read : welcome to union station , los angele a cavernous marble hall with tall ornate ceiling , black marble floor and fabulous chandelier . Renee walk past passengers wait for they train or love - one . int . union station - rest area - dusk vend machine , chair , table . engineer , steward and other train employees eat , read the paper and gossip . Renee hang a flyer on the wall . she look around . everyone pretty much ignore she . howie , the conductor , and Vince , the engineer , enter . howie , brighten up , check out Renee . he and Vince exchange glance : Fresh meat ! they approach . howie what 's a pretty girl like you do in a train station all alone ? she hand they a flyer . Vince take it , pretend to study the photo . renee I be look for a miss boy . maybe you have see he ? 82 . vince ( teasing ) oh , yeah . we see he . when have we see he , howie ? howie ( glance at flyer ) oh , he just leave ... she 's not stupid . she snatch the flyer away from Vince . renee ( sarcastic ) thanks a lot . vince sure ... the smile leave howie 's face . he reach for the flyer . howie give I that . he look closely at davey 's photo . she watch he . howie it 's Tom 's nephew . renee who 's Tom ? ext . residential STREET - night the neighborhood be eerily quiet . Tom and megan take a walk . tom he say he forgive I for kill he mother . it use to be so simple . there be the right thing to do and the wrong thing to do . I mean , we be talk about train . it 's mechanic . there should not be a gray area . megan life be a gray area . tom not always . some thing you know with certainty . he look in she eye , kiss she . 83. int . tom & megan be home - davey 's room - night megan tuck davey in . megan good night , sleep tight , do not let davey out of my sight ... she tickle he . he giggle . megan that 's my prayer . you like it ? davey it 's good , but you be suppose to say '' amen '' at the end . megan ( serious ; clear throat ) amen . davey megan ? I nve be meaning to talk to you about something . megan shoot . davey this girl buy my train ticket to LA , and I promise I have give she the money back . it 's ten dollar . megan , touch , be speechless . davey misread she expression . davey I will work for it . clean the yard , do the dish , whatever you need . megan I will go get it . davey wait . he rise and take he train . he fish out the ticket stub from the toy engine , and give it to megan . the address Sharon jotted be on the back . davey send it here . it 's for she sister . she 's in a foster home too . 84 , megan I will do it first thing tomorrow . he put the train back on the bookcase and get back in bed . she kneel next to he and kiss he forehead . davey ( clasp hand in prayer ) God , dear God , take care of my mom , she name be Laura danner , and she sleep a lot and drink a lot , but she 's really a good woman , and she like you very much . amen . int . tom & megan be home - hallway - night megan close davey 's door and wipe away tear . ext . tom & megan 's home - dawn sunray dry the morning dew from the impatien . int . tom & megan 's home - live room - day Tom and davey watch as megan practice '' the maiden 's prayer . '' suddenly , she stop and double over . Tom rush to she side . he help she up and walk with she to the stair . davey what 's wrong ? tom nothing . she 's fine . int . tom & megan 's home - bathroom - day megan throw up violently in the toilet . Tom wipe she face with he hand . she sit for a moment , then throw up again . int . tom & megan 's home - bedrooom - day megan and Tom lie tangle in each other arm . he caress she wet , sweaty hair and pull she to he . davey sheepishly enter . davey there 's someone outside . 85 . Tom rise , look out the bedroom window : Renee 's van be park outside . he can see the red sticker . tom shit ! megan Tom ! watch you language . tom Department of Children and family service . at we door . megan goddamnit . int . tom & megan 's home - day Tom open the door for Renee . renee Tom Stark ? tom yeah ? renee I be Renee . from ventura Children and family service . we do not actually meet , but I remember see you at the scene of the accident . ( beat ) can I come in ? Tom open the door wide . Renee enter . int . tom & megan 's home - stairway davey , eavesdropp from the stair , make a fist . renee ( 0.s. ) thank you . what a lovely home . int . bedroom megan slowly rise from the bed . every move hurt . she put on a robe , take a deep breath . 86 . int . live room Tom and Renee be seat . Tom return a '' davey '' flyer . tom I know who he be . renee you have not see he since the accident ? he avoid she eye . tom no . she notice Jack london' , the call of the Wild . she pick it up and open it . renee great book . do you have Children , Mr. Stark ? int . stairway davey , panicked , turn to megan . she 's right behind he . davey ( whisper ) I forget my book ! megan ( whisper ) take my hand . he do . she lead he to she bedroom . tom ( 0.s. ) it 's my wife 's . int . live room he 's defensive , and Renee sense it . she rise . renee would you terribly mind if I look around ? 87 . int . bedroom megan and davey enter . he turn to she : davey it 's the woman who put I in that foster home ! int . stair Renee head up the stair to the second floor . Tom follow . renee he run away from he foster home . tom what 's it to I ? renee Mr. howie pugh ? the train conductor ? he tell I David be on the train , look for you . int . hallway they reach the top of the stair . renee he claim to be you nephew . tom my nephew ? int . bedroom megan and davey can hear the approach footstep . she desperately look around , then : megan under the bed ! int . hallway Renee look at davey 's room / Tom 's office . renee do you mind ? 88 . tom sure I do . this be my home . renee I be sorry . it 's a terrible imposition . Nonetheless , she look inside ... int . davey 's room davey be a neat boy , as no clothes be lie around . Renee take a quick inventory from the door : train picture , blue wall , sheet on the futon ... victorious , she see davey 's engine on top of the bookcase just when : megan ( 0.s. ) Tom ? what 's go on ? she turn to -- int . hallway megan , in she robe , be at the end of the hall . she close the bedroom door behind she and take a few step down toward Renee and a torture Tom . tom ( to Renee ) my wife . megan . renee sorry to barge in like this . I be look for a miss boy . megan oh ? renee ( be : davey 's room ) I could not help notice that the bed in this room be make and the wall be freshly paint . megan , shiver , lean against the wall . Tom , genuinely alarmed , go to she . Renee , curious , study megan . renee be you okay ? megan nod . 89 . tom she 's sick . megan I have metastatic cancer . in my case it mean the cancer have spread to my bone . Renee be shocked . megan 's short hair , pale skin , thin frame , take on a whole new meaning ... megan I have trouble sleep at night . and when I do , I go into the spare room . I do not like disturbing my husband . as for the wall , blue always cheer I up . renee I be sorry . tom ( pointedly ) you say that already . megan ( to Renee ; be : main bedroom ) want to look inside ? Renee , tear , look at davey 's room then back at Tom and megan . she shake she head . renee no . that 's okay . ( to megan ) I hope you feel better . she turn and leave quickly , go down the stair . slam ! megan and Tom hear the door close behind she . the bedroom door open . davey peer out . tom she 's go , kid . int . van - day Renee reach for she cigarettes , then crumple the pack and toss it in the passenger 's footwell . she dig in she bag , find a business card and she cell . she dial . 90 . police dispatcher ( v.0o . ) simi Valley Police ... hello ... hello ?... anyone there ? Renee hang up . she look out at Tom and megan 's house . she start the car . int . tom & megan 's home - bedroom - day megan , in bed , hold a thermometer in she mouth . Tom take it out and check it . tom still high . megan we should tell he I be sick . tom not yet . he 's not ready . megan I will call Susan . she can make dinner . tom do not worry about dinner ! megan Tom ... tom what ? megan it 's go to be okay . he lay he head on she chest . she pick up the phone , dial . int . tom & megan be home - kitchen - night Susan cook dinner while intently glance at davey and Tom who sit at the kitchen table . susan ( be : pot on stove ) almost do . 91 . int . tom & megan be home - bedroom - night Susan administer cold compress to megan 's burn forehead . Tom , worried sick , stand by the bed . Susan look at megan and then back at Tom . susan this be the single craziest thing I have ever hear . megan we know . susan I mean , really . tom yes . it 's pretty bad . int . department of child SERVICES - renee 's office - night Renee trashes the flyer in the waste basket . she take davey 's folder from she desk . she open a cluttere drawer , put the file in . the janitor enter . she shut the drawer . renee I be just leave . and she do . ext . griffith park - day a green , lush park . megan , under a tree , sit on a colorful blanket watch kide play ball . davey ( 0.s. ) megan ! megan ! look ! she turn . davey , follow Tom 's instruction , hold on tightly to a kite . the kite go high and even higher . davey , giddy , and Tom watch it go when a strong gust snap the kite out of davey 's hand . Tom and davey give chase . megan look on as Tom and davey , further away now , run after the kite . a sharp pain cut through she spine . she dig in she bag , find the pill . she dry-swallow one , lie down on the blanket , watch the blue sky above . 92 . int . michelle 's foster home - bedroom - day michelle , 9 , sit on the bottom bunk bed . she open a envelope address to she : a $ 100 bill fall in she lap , then a note : '' from davey and you sister . '' int . tom & megan 's home - bedroom - day Tom sit on the bed , hold he head in he hand . megan put she arm around he . megan you have to go . tom let 's not kid ourselves . as soon as they hear about davey , I be out of a job . megan if you will not testify , you 'il never know for sure . tom I do the right thing . megan then tell they . I do not want you to have any regret . not because of I . he turn to she and stroke she hair . tom I will not . megan I ' 1l come with you . tom no . you be not well enough . and what about davey ? you can not just leave he here . megan he will come with we . you have do so much for I . let I do this . I want to . 93. int . national transportation safety board - hallway - day Tom sit on one of the bench outside large double door . the door open . otis come out . n.b. appear behind he . n.b. ( to Tom ) they be ready for you . otis walk away . Tom call after he . tom hey otis ! you gonna be the sexiest accountant in town . otis can not help but smile . Tom go in . int . national transportation safety board - hearing room fluorescent light and chair . Tom 's in the hot seat across from five administrator from the National transportation Safety board and the Federal railroad administration . a few spectator speckle the room : amtrak personnel , n.b . administrator # 1 this be a unofficial hearing , Tom . the goal of this proceedings be strictly to determine whether a official investigation be require . tom I understand . administrator # 1 for the record , be you senior engineer on August eighth , the date of a fatal incident ? tom I be . administrator # 1 describe for we what happen that day to the best of you recollection ... ext . national transportation safety board - parking lot - day a two -story , nondescript administrative building . Tom and megan 's car be off to one side , at the end of the lot . 94 , davey ( v.0 . ) I wish I could go in . int . car - day megan , in the passenger seat , clutches she side . she turn to davey , who 's in the back , and give he a brave smile . davey why do we have to hide ? why can not I just tell the social worker I want to stay with you ? megan it do not work that way , davey . davey but why ? she lean she head against the seat . megan people like to follow rule . we , keep you , go against that . int . national transportation safety board - hearing room Tom be still in the hot seat . administrator # 1 what be you first reaction when you see the car ? tom I go for the emergency brake . administrator # 2 but you do not use it . tom I decide not to . nothing would have stop that train on time - not even the emergency mode . administrator # 2 you partner think the impact might have be prevent . 95 . tom I disagree . at that speed , on a curve , we probably would have derail . administrator # 2 if you could do it all over again , would you do anything differently ? Tom stare into space . administrator # 1 Mr. Stark ? tom I can not do it all over again . administrator # 2 but if you could . tormented , he cast he head . tom no . I would not do anything differently . ext . parking lot - day Tom approach . davey jump out of the car . he run to he . davey what do they say ? tom they be talk it over . megan exit the car . Tom automatically check she forehead . davey be you feel sick again ? megan I be okay . she lean against the car , enjoy the sunlight , and smile at Tom . megan you better get back . tom yes , yes . 96 . int . national transportation safety board - hallway - day Tom march down the hall . the door open . Tom rush toward the hearing room . the administrator and the amtrak personnel trickle out . a few give Tom a courteous nod . n.b. approach . relieved , he shake Tom 's hand . n.b. no official investigation . you do everything by the book , my friend . ( Tom nod ; overcome with emotion ) what 's wrong ? I think you would be jump up and down . tom I ' 1l see you later ... thanks . he hurry away . n.b. how 's megan ? tom everything 's fine . he 's almost run now , out , toward the exit . n.b. hang on ! when be you come back on the job ? but Tom 's out the door . n.b. look after he , puzzle . ext . parking lot - day davey kneel by the car 's passenger side . davey megan ... megan ... Tom run over . he see megan pass - out on the car seat . davey I do not do anything ... she ... she ... tom get in the car . 97 . int . hospital - oncology waiting area - day a sit area with a television set . Tom , stand , look out the large , 8th floor window . he turn to davey . the boy 's wait next to he . tom megan be sick . she have cancer . davey can not they cure she ? tom they do . twice . it come back . davey can not they cure she again ? they stand there in silence , digest the painful truth . davey be megan go to die ? Tom can not answer that one . Dr. offenberger enter . tom can I see she ? dr . offenberger Tom , she want to go home . ext . tom & megan 's home - dusk Susan , in scrub , wait in front of the house . davey exit the car in the driveway . Tom carry megan out . int . tom & megan be home - hallway - dusk Tom carry megan into the bedroom . Susan follow . davey , in shock , go into he room . int . tom & megan be home - bedroom - dusk Susan hook megan to a iv . Tom give he wife a faint smile . 98 , ext . tom & megan 's home - night Tom walk Susan to she car . tom thanks . int . tom & megan be home - live room - night Tom enter deeply sad . he open the piano and touch one of the key . thud !! it 's come from upstairs . he rush up . int . davey 's room - night davey , kneel by he bed , smashes he head against the frame of the futon over and over again . Tom see he and run over . he hold he . tom stop ! stop ! davey , cry , he forehead bleed , wriggle free and run to the door . Tom grab he . tom what be you do ? davey let go ! tom look at I . look at I ! davey nott ! he try to wriggle free . Tom will not let he . davey I can not be here ! I can not ... I be bad . tom what do you do ? davey no ! I be bad . 99 . tom davey , whatever it be ... davey I kill she . I kill she ! I be so sorry , Mom ... I be sorry .... he sob , hysterical . tom easy , davey . take it -- davey I tell the principal my mother be dead . I want to see the train ... tom you lie , be that what you do ? davey I know she be sick . I see she take the pill ... God be punish I . he know everything ... and now megan 's go to die too . tom megan 's be sick for a long time . before she ever meet you . davey I should have stop she . should not have let she out of the house ... I know she be sick ... I want to see the train . tom it 's alright . davey we be on the track , I try to pull she out . I try real hard , but I could not ... ( talk to he mom ) Mom , I could not . I be sorry . I could not . the train be come and I jump away and you ... you die ... ( see Tom again ) she die . tom you do the right thing . 100 . davey nnoooo !!! tom davey listen to I -- I should have -- tom davey no. should have -- tom davey there be nothing -- but -- tom davey nothing you could have do . she be heavy , too heavy ! tom it be not you fault . davey megan 's die . tom because she be sick . davey God be punish I . tom it be not you fault , davey . davey cry . Tom hug he . tom it be not you fault . int . bedroom - night megan watch Tom sleep on a chair by she side . to look at davey . he 's next to she in bed . davey please do not die . int . tom & megan be home - kitchen - day Tom put breakfast on the table for he and davey . he potato in ketchup . davey follow suit . she turn he drown 101 . int . bedroom - later megan sleep . Tom and davey sit by she side . int . bedrooom - dusk Tom watch as Susan check megan 's iv . int . live room - dusk Tom walk Susan to the door . she 's cry . davey enter and see she . she wipe she tear , go to the boy and hug he . int . kitchen - dusk davey eat at the table . Tom can not touch he food . tom why do not you go see megan now ? davey rise and leave . Tom , alone , weep at the table . int . bedrooom - dusk megan 's eye be tired , drowsy . davey enter . megan come sit by I . he do . megan I wish we have more time . I have like to take care of you for just a little while longer . davey if you think hard about it , you could stay . megan I love you , davey . and I will stay with you . ( point to he chest ) here . she hug he with the little strength she have leave in she body . Tom stand in the doorway . megan and davey see he . 102 . davey I love you too , megan . he leave . Tom enter , sit by she side and take she hand . megan promise I . tom anything . megan fight for he . he 's so much like you . promise . tom whatever you want . megan promise ... tom I promise . he bury he face in she chest . she smile . ext . tom & megan 's home - night davey sit outside watch the star , try to make he peace with God . ext . tom & megan be home - dawn sunray dry the morning dew from the impatien . int . tom & megan be home - bedroom - dawn Tom open he eye . megan 's eye be close . he put he head to she chest . she 's not breathe . tom oh , god. megan ... he rise and stare at she lifeless body . tom oh , no ... not my girl . not my meggie. 103 . davey enter . Tom try to pull himself together . tom she 's go . davey shake he head . Tom go to he and hug he . davey cry on he chest . they cry together . montage : 1 . a graveyard high in the mountain . the San Francisco Bay shine below like a thousand diamond . Tom , davey and Susan watch as megan 's casket be lower into the ground . 2 . davey and the piano teacher play the piano . Tom read the newspaper in the kitchen . he stop read . he listen . 3 . Tom and davey work on Tom 's railroad , install light all over the track . 4 . davey 's photo still hang on the police station 's wall ; a wall crowded with dozen and dozen of miss young face . end montage . ext . cemetery , simi valley - grave site - day the letter on a modest cross read : LAURA S. danner . Tom and davey put flower on Laura 's grave . davey wipe the dusty cross then kneel , clasp he hand in prayer . int . tom & megan be home - garage - dusk davey , sprawle on a blanket , look up at the railroad around he . he clutches a large remote control . Tom stand next to the light switch . tom all set ? davey yes . Tom turn off the light and lie down next to davey . 104 . tom hit it ! davey hit the power on he remote and the railroad above they come to life . it 's a bewitch sight . light shine from the miniature station house and tree around the track . davey 's engine , also light , swirl and make he way around the track elegantly . davey laugh in joy . Tom smile . '' the maiden 's prayer '' begin , bring megan 's presence into the room . surely , she 's smile from above . ext . parking lot - day it 's drizzle . summer be almost over . Tom pull into one spot . int . tom 's car - day Tom shut the engine and turn to davey . he give hima reassure look , smile . the boy nod . ext . department of child & family SERVICES - day Tom get out of the car . davey exit the passenger side . both pause to study the sign on the building : department of child & family SERVICES Tom take davey 's hand . they walk to the building . fade out . the end