raising arizona screenplay by ethan coen Joel coen over black : voice over my name be H. i. mcdunnough ... a wall with horizontal hatch line . voice over ... call I hi. a dishevel young man in a gaily color Hawaiian shirt be launch into frame by someone offscreen . he hold a print paddle that read " no . 1468-6 NOV . 29 79 . " the hatch mark on the wall behind he be apparently height marker . voice over ... the first time I meet Ed be in the county lock - up in Tempe , Arizona ... flash as he picture be take . closeup on the paddle : " NOV . 29 79 . " voice over ... a day I will never forget . a bellow male voice from offscreen : sheriff do not forget the profile , Ed ! angle on the still camera it be mount on a tripod . a pretty young woman in a severe police uniform peer out from behind it . woman turn to the right . hi what kind of name be Ed for a pretty thing like you ? ed short for edwinna . turn to the right ! hi oblige , but still look at Ed out of the corner of he eye . hi you be a flower , you be . just a little desert flower . flash on he eye-skew profile . hi lemme know how that come out . low angle cell block corridor as hi be escort away from the camera toward he cell . at the far end of the corridor a huge con be sluggishly mop the floor . voice over I be in for write hot check which , when businessman do it , be call a overdraft . I be not complainin ' , mind you ; just sayin ' there be not no pancake so thin it be not get two side . now prison life be very structure - more than most people care for ... intercutting hi' Pov of the mopping con , tracking as he approach , and the mopping con 's Pov of hi as hi approach . voice over ... but there 's a spirit of camaraderie that exist between the man , like you find only in combat maybe ... the mopping con snarl as hi pass : con grrrr ... voice over ... or on a pro ball club in the heat of a pennant drive . newsreel footage a ballplayer connect - thwock - for a home run and the crowd roar . prison hall pan a circle of man who sit face each other in fold chair . the pan start on hi. voice over in a effort to better ourselves we be force to meet with a counselor who try to help we figure out why we be the way we be ... at this point the pan have reach the counselor , a earnest , bearded young man who straddle a fold chair with he arm fold over its back . he be address one of the con : counselor why do you use the word " trap " ? closeup black con the huge muscle - bound black man with a shave head be knitting he brow in consternation . con huh ? counselor why do you say you feel " trap " in a man 's body ? con oh ... he bite he lip , think ; then , in a resonant bass voice : con ... well , sometimes I get the menstrual cramp real hard . parole meeting room Three parole officer - two man and a woman - face hi across a table . chairman have you learn anything , hi ? hi yessir , you bet . woman you would not lie to we , would you hi ? hi no mar 'am , hope to say . chairman okay then . ext . 7 - eleven night a beat - up chevy pull into the all - night store 's empty parking lot . voice over I try to stand up and fly straight , but it be not easy with that sumbitch Reagan in the White House ... hi be get out of the chevy in a Hawaiian shirt , hold a pump-action shotgun . voice over ... I dunno , they say he 's a decent man , so ... he prime the shotgun - whoosh - clack - and head for the store . voice over ... maybe he adviser be confuse . flash full - face exposure of hi once again in front of the mug-shot wall . ed turn to the right ! hi oblige but shoot sympathetic glance at Ed who be obviously upset , wiping away tear and snuffling behind the camera . hi what 's the matter , Ed ? ed my fai-ant leave I . voice over she say she fiancée have run off with a student cosmetologist who know how to ply she feminine wile . flash on hi 's profile . he turn back to Ed . hi that sumbitch . sheriff ( o.s. ) do not forget he phone call , Ed ! hi you tell he I think he 's a damn fool , Ed . you tell he I say so - h.i. mcdunnough . and if he want to discuss it he know where to find I ... as another police officer start to lead he away : hi ... in the maricopa County maximum Security correctional facility for Men ... close on ed look up through she tear as hi be lead away . hi ( o.s. ) ... State farm Road number thirty - one ; Tempe , Arizona ... back to hi struggle to call back over he shoulder as he be firmly lead out the door . hi ... I will be wait ! the door slam . low angle cell block corridor as hi be once again escort toward he cell . the mopping con be now in the middle - background , have work he way about halfway up the corridor since last time we see he . voice over I can not say I be happy to be back inside , but the flood of familiar sight , sound and face almost make it feel like a homecome . close on mopping con as hi pass . con grrrr ... prison hall Group be meeting again . counselor most man you age , hi , be get marry and raise up a family . they would not accept prison as a substitute . hi look sheepish . counselor ... would any of you man care to comment ? two convict sit next to each other , gale and evelle , appear to be friend . gale but sometimes you career gotta come before family . evelle work be what 's keep we happy . angry black con yeah , but Doc schwartz be sayin ' you gotta accept responsibility . I mean I be proud to say I get a family ... somewhere . high angle cell look down from the ceiling . in the foreground , lie on the top bunk , hand clasped behind he head as he stare off into space be mose . mose be a gnarled , elderly black con with wire - rimmed spectacle . on the lower bunk , also with hand clasped behind he head and stare off at the same spot in space , be hi . voice over I try to sort through what the Doc have say , but prison be not the easiest place to think . mose a ' when they be no meat we eat fowl . a ' when they be no fowl we eat crawdad . a ' when they be no crawdad to be foun ' , we eat San ' . hi you eat what ? mose ( nodd ) we eat sa no. hi you eat sand ?! mose dass right ... parole board room hi face the same three parole officer across the same table . chairman well Boy , you do serve you twenty munce , and see as you never use live ammo , we get no choice but to return you to society . second man this door goan swing wide . hi I do not want to hurt anyone , Sir . second man hi , we respect that . chairman but you be just hurtin ' yourself with this rambunctious behavior . hi I know that , sir . chairman okay then . high shot of a 7 - eleven parking lot , at night , desert except for hi 's car which sit untend , its engine rumbling . voice over now I do not know how you come down on the incarceration question ... hi backpedal into frame with a shotgun and a bag of cash . voice over ... whether it 's for rehabilitation or revenge . he spin and grab he car- door handle . lock . he try the back door . lock . voice over ... but I be beginning to think ... as we hear the wail of a approach siren , hi take it on the heel and toe . voice over ... that revenge be the only argument make any sense . flash on hi against the mug-shot wall . ed turn to the right ! sheriff ( o.s. ) do not forget he latent , Ed ! close on hi' hand we see he right hand be efficiently manipulate by Ed 's two hand : she be roll each of he ink finger into the appropriate space on a exemplar sheet . hi ( o.s. ) hear about the paddy - wagon collide with the segment mixer , Ed ? twelve harden criminal escape . Ed 's hand linger on top of he . hi 's other hand enter to rest on top of hers . hi ( o.s. ) get a new beau ? ed ( o.s. ) no , hi , I sure do not . hi slip a ring off he own finger and slide it onto Ed 's . hi ( o.s. ) do not worry , I pay for it . low angle cell block corridor the surly mopping con have now work he way up to the foreground . hi be be escort past he to he cell . voice over they say that absence make the heart grow fonder , and for once they may be right . halfway up the corridor hi point casually at the floor . hi you miss a spot . the mopping con turn to watch he recede . con grrrr ... high angle cell same high shot with mose on the top bunk , hi on the lower . voice over more and more my thought turn to Ed , and I finally feel the pain of imprisonment . mose a ' momma would frow the live crawdad in a pot of boiln ' water . well one day I decide to make my own crawdad ... we begin to crane down to tighten on the absently stare hi. voice over ... an' I frew it in a pot , forgettin ' to put in the water , ya see ... mose ' voice be mixing down as we lose he from frame . voice over ... and it be like I be makin ' popcorn , ya see ... the joint be a lonely place after lock - up and fight out ... we be now very close on hi , stare . voice over ... when the last of the con have be sweep away by the sandman . hi' Pov the underside of the top bunk . a sudden flash whiten and fade to leave the image of Ed , smile behind she camera , softly super on the underside of the bunk . back to hi he wearily turn he head to profile on the pillow and shut he eye . voice over but I could not help think that a brighter future lay ahead - a future that be only eight to fourteen month away . eye close , he be illuminate by a flash . parole board room hi and the same three officer . chairman get a name for people like you , hi . that name be call recidivism . second man ree-peat o-fender . chairman not a pretty name , be it , hi ? hi no Sir , it sure be not . that 's one bonehead name . but that be not I anymore . chairman you be not just tellin ' we what we wanna hear ? hi no Sir , no way . second man ' Cause we just wanna hear the truth . hi well then I guess I be tellin ' you what you wanna hear . chairman Boy , do not we just tell you not to do that ? hi yessir . chairman okay then . tracking over hi 's shoulder as he stride toward a door mark " Processing " and fling it open . it be the familiar book room . Ed look up from she camera , have just snap a picture of another suspect against the hatched wall . hi I be walkin ' in here on my knee , Ed - a free man proposin ' . hi cock a finger at the suspect . hi howdy kurt . ed' room as she nervously fret at she white bridal gown in front of a mirror . voice over and so it be . sheriff ( o.s. ) do not forget the boo-kay , Ed ! close shot ed gazing earnestly into the camera . a congregation be seat behind she - the bride 's side wear police blue ; the groom 's side , Hawaiian shirt . ed I do . close shot hi also stare into the camera . hi you bet I do . reverse over they shoulder , the minister . minister okay then . flash on the newlywed smile at the camera . flash on the newlywed smile at each other , profile to the camera . high wide shot trailer park in the middle of a vast expanse of desert . voice over Ed 's pa stake we to a starter home in suburban Tempe ... int . machine shop hi be work the drill press , wear goggle and sweat - stain overall . voice over ... and I get a job drilling hole in sheet metal . next to he idly stand Bud , a veteran of the shop , with a grimy face and a pair of goggle push up on he forehead . bud so we be doin ' paramedical work in affiliation with the state highway system - not actually practicin ' , y'understand - and I and Bill 's patrollin ' down nine mile - hi Bill Roberts ? bud ( bark ) no , not that motherscratcher ! Bill parker ! anyway , we be approachin' the wreck , and there 's a spherical object arestin ' on the highway ... he pause to blow and pop a bubble with he chew gum . bud ... and it do not look like a piece a the car . voice over mostway the job be a lot like prison , except Ed be waitin ' at the end of every day ... cashier' window hi be scowling at he paycheck . behind the bar window a fat cashier grin . voice over ... and a paycheck at the end of every week . cashier gummint do take a bite , do not she ? ext . trailer hi sit in a lawn chair in front of the trailer . Ed sit on he lap , he arm around she . both be wear sunglass , look at the set sun . the scene be suffuse with a warm yellow light . voice over this be the happy day , the salad day as they say ... as the sun set , the light be turn from yellow to amber . hi and Ed watch , they head follow its slow downward arc . voice over ... and Ed feel that have a critter be the next logical step . it be all she think about . the amber be turn to a more neutral dusky light as the sun have set . hi and Ed continue to stare at the point where it disappear . voice over ... her point be that there be too much love and beauty for just the two of we ... the dusk be slip away into darkness . voice over ... and every day we keep a child out of the world be a day he might later regret have miss . we be by now hold on pitch black . cricket chirp . from the darkness : ed that be beautiful . a calendar Ed be crossing off the last day on the calendar before a day circle in red . voice over so we work at it on the day we calculate most likely to be fruitful ... int . trailer hi be wearily enter after a long day at work , clutching he lunchpail . voice over ... and we work at it most other day just to be sure . Ed fly into frame and leap into he arm , cover he with kiss . trailer bedroom in each other 's arm , hi and Ed roll over on the bed . voice over seem like nothing could stand in we way now ... we pan with they roll and continue off they to the night table , on which sit a frame pair of photograph of hi , probably take by Ed : one show he full face , the other in profile . ext . trailer twilight Ed sit in a lawn chair knitting a booty . hi stand in bermuda short and a unbuttone Hawaiian shirt , hose down the minuscule patch of front lawn . voice over ... my lawless year be behind I ; we child rearin ' year lay ahead . dusty road leading up to trailer day a squad car , its siren wail , kick up dust as it roar into the foreground . adoption office hi and Ed be seat on fold chair face a agent 's desk . hi wear a sport coat over he Hawaiian shirt . Ed be in she dress blue . hi it 's true I have have a checker past , but Ed here be a officer of the law twice decorate ... the agent look , with a dead pan , from the file to hi . hi ... so we figure it kind of even out . his face still deadly neutral , the agent look back down at the file and unfold the accordion rap sheet , revealing it to be a couple foot long . voice over ... but biology and the prejudice of other conspire to keep we childless . int . squad car on Ed as she stare vacantly out the passenger window . voice over we love for each other be stronger than ever ... on hi driving . he look from Ed out to the road . voice over ... but I preminisc no return of the salad day . trailer bathroom over hi 's shoulder as he stare listlessly at himself in the mirror , a razor hold forget in one hand , he face half lather and half shave . voice over the pizazz have go out of we life . trailer bedroom the bedroom be somewhat messy . Ed sit on the edge of the bed , also stare listlessly . her police uniform be on but not yet buttone . her hand lie palm - up in she lap , like two dead fish . voice over Ed lose all interest in both criminal justice and housekeep . soon after , she tender she badge . machine shop once again hi work as he sweaty gum - chew colleague stand idly by . voice over even my job seem as dry and bitter as a hot prairie wind . bud so here come Bill a-walkin ' down nine mile - that 's Bill parker , y'understand - get he sandwich in one hand , the fuckin ' head in the other ... on hi drive alone in he chevy . he look to the side . voice over I even catch myself drivin ' by convenience store ... he moving Pov 7 - eleven . voice over ... that be not on the way home . trailer live room hi and Ed sit listlessly watch tv . voice over then one day the biggest news hit the state since they build the Hoover dam ... Ed perk up , reacting to something on tv . hi notice she reaction and also slough off he stupor to watch . voice over ... the Arizona quint be bear . the tv a newscaster silently read copy . behind he news footage of five nurse hold infant mortice in . voice over by " Arizona " quint I mean they be bear to a woman name Florence Arizona . back to hi and ed watch intently . eye still lock on the set , Ed reach she hand out to hi. eye still lock on the set , hi take she hand in he . voice over as you probably guess , Florence Arizona be the wife of Nathan Arizona . and Nathan Arizona - well hell , you know who he be ... the tv a late - night local commercial nathan arizona , a stocky middle - age man in a white polyester suit , be gesture expansively with he white cowboy hat toward a one -story warehouse store with a football stadium parking lot , chroma- key in behind he . nathan arizona ( mixing up on the tv ) so come on down to unpainted Arizona for the finest selection in fixture and appointment for you bathroom , bedroom , beaudoir ! voice over ... the owner of the large chain of unpaint furniture and bathroom fixture outlet throughout the Southwest . nathan arizona and if you can find lower price anywhere my name be not Nathan Arizona ! back to hi and ed as they slowly look from the tv set toward each other . line of newspaper vending machine hi lounge near one of the vend machine as a businessman put in a quarter . voice over yep , Florence have be take fertility pill , and she and Nathan have hit the jackpot . the businessman take he newspaper and release the machine door as he turn to leave . hi snag the door before it close and take he own five - finger discount copy . he flip the paper over to look at the headline . front page of newspaper the banner headline of the Tempe Intelligencer be : " arizona quint go home ! " the subhead : " more than we can handle , ' laugh dad . " next to it be a picture of Nathan . voice over now y'all who be without sin can cast the first stone ... a pull back from the paper show hi and Ed read it together at home . they look from the paper to each other . hi open to a inside page and we pan a row of picture - the five tot with they name underneath : " harry , barry , larry , garry and nathan JR . " voice over ... but we think it be unfair that some should have so many while other should have so few . billboard in the middle of the desert . it read : " welcome to tempe ! population 13,948 ... plus five ! " ext . trailer twilight we be float in toward Ed who be seat , wait , in the driver 's seat of hi 's chevy . hi enter frame and cinch down a ladder that be tie to the roof of the car . piece of red flag flutter at either end of the ladder where it stick out beyond the car . voice over with the benefit of hindsight maybe it be not such a hot idea ... hi get in the car . from behind the chevy it start down the long , wind road lead away from the trailer , kick up dust . voice over ... but at the time , Ed 's little plan seem like the solution to all we problem , and the answer to all we prayer . the title of the film burn in : " raising arizona " . a building chord snap off in a shock cut to : suburban live room evening tableau of a couple at home . Nathan Arizona be on the telephone , he stock foot up on a ottoman . Florence sit read Dr. spock 's baby and child Care . the live room be dominate by a large oil portrait of Nathan and Florence , gaze out from the wall over the mantelpiece . nathan ( into the phone ) eight hundred leaf table and no chair ?! you can not sell leaf table and no chair ! chair , you get a dinette set ! no chair , you get dick ! I ask my wife she get more sense !... title be supere : " the arizona household " from somewhere upstairs we hear a infant start to cry . Florence stop read and look up at the ceiling . Nathan be oblivious . nathan ... mile , all I know be I be away from the office to have I some kid and everything go straight to heck ! I be not gonna stand for it ! another title be super below the first : " september 17 , 1985 " . the baby stop cry and Florence 's attention return to she book . voice over ... yeah , and if a frog have wing he would not bump he ass a-hoppin ' ! I be sick of you excuse , mile ! it be now ... as he throw out he wrist to look at he watch a third title be super beneath the first two : 8:45 p.m . voice over ... 8:45 in the p.m . I be gonna be down to the store in exactly twelve hour to kick I some butt ! he start to replace the receiver but bring it back with a afterthought : voice over ... or my name be not Nathan Arizona ! as he slam the phone into the cradle the title disappear . another baby start cry . Florence look up at the ceiling . nathan that sound like Larry . Close on the cry baby as hi bounce it , gently but desperately . hi shhhh ! shh ! Nice baby ... he start to lower it back into the crib . the crib be unpaint with the name of each baby burn bonanza-style into the headboard : Harry , Barry , Larry , garry , and Nathan Jr. instead of quieting as he be lower into the crib , the squalling baby only set off one of he brother . hi hurriedly lift he back out . he look desperately around the room . the room be wallpaper with nursery rhyme character . there be toy strewn around . there be one adult -size easy chair in the corner . hi carry the baby over to the chair , step on and reacting to the squeal of a squeeze - I toy on the way . he sit the baby deep in - the chair and then return to the crib to deal with the second cry baby . he lift the baby out of the crib and gently bounce it . this baby stop cry . another one in the crib start bawling . hi set the second baby down on the floor and give it a rattle to keep it pacify . he reach for the third baby in the crib . sweat stand out on hi 's brow . he be desperately chuck the third baby under the chin when we hear a muffle pthump ! he whirl to look across the darken room . the first baby have drop off the easy chair and be energetically crawl away toward a shadowy corner . live room Nathan and Florence be sit stock -still , stare at the ceiling . after a moment , another baby start cry . nathan what be they , play telephone ? they stare at the ceiling . nursery loose baby be crawl everywhere . hi be skitter across the room in a half - crouch , a baby tuck under one arm , reach out with the other as he pursue a crawl baby across the room . he heft the other baby with he free arm and bring the air back to the crib . he turn to look frantically around the room . the other three baby have disappear . there be perfect quiet . hi go over to the closet door , which be ajar , and swing it open . he reach under a move pile of clothes on the floor and pull out a baby . he return it to the crib and freeze , listen . the sound of a rattle . he drop to the floor to look under the crib . wide angle under crib a baby hold a rattle leer into the camera in the foreground . behind he hi , on he stomach , be reach in to grab at he leg . hi be pull the baby out , away from the camera , when with a plop ! a baby drop onto hi 's back from the crib above . hi twist one arm back to grope for the baby crawl on top of he . he be straighten up , a baby in each arm , when he react in horror to something he see across the room . hi' Pov the hindquarters of a diaper baby be just disappear around the corner of the nursery door into the hallway . live room Florence and Nathan be stare at the ceiling . after a beat we hear a muffle plop ! on the ceiling . a beat later , the bleat of the squeeze - I toy . nathan ... why not you go up and check on them ? they sound restless . upstair hallway the floor - level wide - angle shot show a baby crawl toward the camera in the foreground . behind he , in the background , just round the open door from the nursery , yet another baby be make a mad dash for freedom . hi emerge from the nursery and , step around the background baby , trot toward the baby in the foreground . by the time he reach it the low - angle cropping show we only he foot and calve . close on hi perspire as he tiptoe the last two step to the baby . hi' Pov the baby and , beyond it , the stairway down to the main floor . we hear footstep approach . back to hi he scoops up the baby and hurriedly tiptoe away toward the nursery . low-angle reverse the baby at the nursery door in the foreground ; the staircase in the background . as hi reach the baby we hear footstep climb the stair . hi 's free arm come down into frame to scoop the baby up and out of frame just as : Florence 's head appear , bob up as she climb the stair . she approach the nursery , still clutching the Dr. spock book . nursery as Florence enter from the hallway door . we track back into the room , on she , as she approach the crib . halfway there she freeze , stare , in shock . her Pov all of the baby have be replace in the crib but not lie down : they be seat in a row , stare back at she , line up against the far crib railing , like a small but distinguished panel on " meet the Press . " through the windshield of the chevy ed' Pov of hi approach the car . he be shrugging and display a pair of manifestly empty hand . close on ed barely able to fight down she anger . hiss : ed what 's the matter ?! hi appear at she - the driver 's - window . hi sorry honey , it just do not work out . he be reach to open the door but she slap he hand away from the handle . ed what d' you mean it do not work out ?! hi they start cryin' , then they be all over I ... he be try to open the door , which Ed be hold shut with all she might . hi ... it be kinda horrifying - lemme in , honey . ed course they cry ! Babies cry ! hi I know that now ! come on honey , we better leave - Ed be roll up the window and lock the door . ed you go right back up there and get I a toddler ! I need a baby , hi ; they get more and they can handle ! muffled , through the close window , and very forlorn : hi aw honey I - ed do not you come back here without a baby ! nursery Florence be hold one of the baby cradle against she shoulder . she be face the hallway door ; she back be to the crib and window . the baby , peeping out over she shoulder , be face the window . close on baby look . baby Pov of the window , as hi 's head appear in it . baby look . hi look back , he hold a finger to he lip . baby Florence start bounce it , patting it on the back . baby Pov hi and the window bounce up and down . live room Nathan be leaf through the lingerie ad in the newspaper . we can hear Florence 's return footstep . muttering : nathan Christian dior my butt ... Florence enter . nathan ... they pay money for that ? florence yes dear . nathan how're the kid ? florence Fine dear . nathan fuckin ' kid , I love them . we hear the bleat of the squeeze - I toy . Florence and Nathan look at the ceiling for a beat , then Nathan clear he throat and return to the newspaper . chevy Ed sit anxiously wait in the driver 's seat , peer intently through the windshield . as she catch sight of something she break into a broad smile , unlock the door , and slide over to the passenger seat . hi be open the door with one hand , cradling a baby in the other . ed which one ya get ? as he get into the driver 's seat : hi I dunno . Nathan Jr. , I think . ed gimme here . he hand she the infant , then hand she the copy of dr.spock 's baby and child Care . hi here 's the instruction . ed oh , he 's beautiful ! hi nod as he pull away from the curb . hi he 's awful damn good . I think I get the best one . Ed be gush and kissing the baby through the rest of the conversation . ed I bet they be all beautiful . all baby be beautiful ! hi yeah . this one 's awful damn good though . ed do not you cuss around he . hi he 's fine , he be . I think it 's Nathan Jr. ed we be doin ' the right thing , be not we hi ? - I mean , they have more and they could handle . hi well now honey we be over this and over this . there 's what 's right and there 's what 's right , and never the twain shall meet . ed but you do not think he momma will be upset ? I mean overly ? hi well a course she will be upset , sugar , but she will get over it . she 's get four little baby almost as good as this one . it 's like when I be robbin ' convenience store - Ed suddenly burst out cry . ed I love he so much ! hi I know you do , honey . ed ( still sobbing ) I love he so much ! trailer live room as the light be throw on . the room be hang with streamer . a string of cut - out letter read " welcome Home Son ! " hi ( o.s. ) okay , bring he in ! reverse Ed be enter with Nathan Jr. hi this be it young Nathan Jr. just feast you eye about , old boy ! ed do not be so loud around he , hi . hi ( softly ) damn , I be sorry honey . ed and do not you cuss around he . hi aw , he do not know a cuss word from shinola . ed well see that he do not . hi ( jovially ) he 's all right , he be . he reach for the child . hi ... come on over here , Nathan Jr. , I will show you around . he take the baby in both hand and hold he out at arm 's length , point he at the various place of interest . the baby look goggle - eye at each one . hi ... lookahere , young sportsman . that - there 's the kitchen area where ma and pa chow down . over there 's the tv , two hour a day maximum , either educational or football so 's you do not ruin you appreciation of the finer thing . this - here 's the divan , for sociahzin ' and relaxin ' with the family unit . yessir , many 's the day we sit there and say would not it be nice to have a youngster here to share we thought and feelin' - impatient with the nonsense : ed he 's tired , hi. hi well we will just sit you right there , boy ... he be prop Nathan Jr. up in the corner of the couch . hi sit at the other corner and Ed sit in a face chair . hi ... just put that dog up and take a load off . hi beam at Nathan Jr. Ed smile at Nathan Jr. Nathan Jr. look from one to the other , deadpan . they seem to be wait for he to contribute to the conversation . silence . suddenly hi slap he knee . hi what be you kiddin ' ?! we get a family here ! Ed be get up . hi ... he 's a scandal , honey ! he 's a little outlaw ! as she pick up the baby : ed he 's a good boy . hi he be not too good ! you can tell by that twinkle in he eye ! ed do not you think we should put he to bed ? hi hang on , honey ... he be frantically reach for a Polaroid camera . hi ... let 's we preserve the moment in picture ! ed just one , okay ?... she sit down on the couch with Nathan Jr. as hi start screwing the camera into a tripod . ed ... I gotta tell ya , I be a little scared . absently , as he set up the camera : hi how come be that , honey ? ed well we get a baby , hi . it 's a awful big responsibility . as he peer through the lens : hi honey , could ya slide over a tad and raise the nipper up ? as she comply : ed I mean we never do this before and I be kinda nervous . hi you be doin ' real good , sugar . hi sit on the couch , hold the camera 's cable release . he put he arm around Ed and smile at the offscreen camera . Ed nestle she head against hi 's shoulder . ed I love you , hi. hi we be set to pop here , honey . ed you be gonna help , be not ya ? through he tooth as he continue to grin at the offscreen camera : hi how 's that , honey ? ed give Nathan Jr. a normal family background , just quiet evening at home together ... we begin to hear distant thunder . hi you can count on it , honey . ed ... everything decent and normal from here on out . hi uh-huh . as he squeeze the cable release - flash - the image momentarily freeze on hi beam , Nathan Jr. stare , and Ed look at hi with a little bit of concern . dark field same night the roll thunder have build to a thunderclap at the cut , and the flash of the Polaroid match cut to lightning throw a momentarily harsh glare on the field . rain beat down on the bare patch of ground we be look at - by now just a patch of mud . faraway lightning flicker and we hear the rumble of more thunder approach , then suddenly : thwack - a head pop up out of the mud . it be gale , the con we see in group therapy . he bellow as lightning and thunder flash and crack nearby . his head be cover with mud , although the drive rain be already start to wash it away . we be beginning to track in a arc around gale 's head , who be now struggle , work to get he shoulder and arm up out of the mud . the end of the 180 - degree arc and a flash of lightning reveal , way in the distance , the wire - top wall of a penitentiary . still bellow , as if in some primal rage , gale have get he muck - cover arm up out of the earth and be now push down to haul up the rest of he body . it come with much effort , and with the loud suck - pop sound of the fiercely cling mud . finally he be free . with a great cry , the mud-cover man plunge he right arm straight back down into the earth , all the way up to he shoulder . he grope intently and then , apparently have grab hold of something underground , he start pull . his arm come slowly back up out of the mud . clasped in he hand be - a human foot . bellow with effort he continue to pull , liberate the foot ... leg ... torso of he companion , and finally he head . as the rain start to wash the mud off he companion 's head we see that it be he friend evelle . both be bellow . mud suck and pop . Thunder crash . int . gas station mens room at the cut the ear-splitt thunder drop out to quiet . we hear only the muffle patter of rain and the hum of a bare fluorescent . the two bedraggle escape con be stand side by side , comb they hair in the mirror . the man seem absorb in they task , use hair jelly from a jar that sit on the shelf between they to restore they duck 's - ass haircut . evelle crack the bathroom door and look out into the rain . evelle ... okay . gale what be it ? evelle mercury . look nice . ext . gas station the two man be trot out to a mercury that sit untend at a gas island , a gas hose on automatic stick in its tank . as gale start up the car evelle yank the hose out and drop it to the ground . gale be already start to peel out as evelle get in . wide shot trailer live room late at night . hi sit asleep on the sofa at the far end of the room , in a pool of lamp light . we hear faint , distant knock . as we track in toward hi the knock become louder and more present . as we approach hi we see that several Polaroid be spread over he gently rise and fall chest . by the time we tighten on he face the knock have become quite loud . voice open up ! hi start awake with a grunt . voice ... open up in air ! he look up , alarmed . hi' Pov the front door of the trailer . someone be pound insistently . voice open up ! it 's a police ! back to hi he sit up and tense . he look around . Ed stand in she nightgown at the mouth of the hallway , hold Nathan Jr. and squinting at hi . she hiss : ed hi ! what 's goin ' on ? voice po-lice , son ! open she up ! hi get to he foot , hurriedly toss the Polaroid under a cushion of the couch and take out a gun . hi get in the bedroom . ed they be not gonna take Nathan ?! hi well I would like to see them fly . as Ed turn back to the bedroom : voice open up and maybe we will letcha plea - bargain . bedroom as Ed enter and shut the door . she listen hard at the door : hi 's footstep cross the live room , the click of the door open , silence ... a burst of raucous male laughter . hi' voice ... honey ! come on out here ! want you to meet a couple friend of mine ! live room as Ed enter , carry Nathan Jr. all three man - hi , gale , and evelle - be beam at she . hi honey , like you to meet gale and evelle snope , fine a pair as ever break and enter . gale roar with laughter . hi ... boy , this - here 's my wife . gale ma'am . evelle miz mcdunnough . Ed smile politely , then squint at hi. ed kind of late for visitor , be not it hi ? hi well yeah honey , but this boy tell I they just get outta the joint . gotta show a little hospitality . gale be admire the baby . gale well now h.i. , look like you be up to the devil 's bidnis ! evelle that a he or a she ? ed it 's a little boy . gale get a name , do he ? hi and Ed look at each other uncomfortably . hi clear he throat . hi well so far we just be use junior . ed we call he junior . evelle say , thair good - jr. , just like on the teevee . gale be stare at the streamer and decoration . reading aloud : gale " welcome ... Home ... Son . " where 's he be ? hi and Ed respond simultaneously : hi Tulsa . ed Phoenix . hi he be , uh ... he be visit he grandparent . ed they be separate . gale be that yer folk mar 'am ? ed no , I be afraid not . gale I think yer folk be dead , h.i .? hi ( very uncomfortably ) well we think junior should see they final rest place - why not you boy have a seat ? as the two man move toward the couch Ed hesitantly pipe up : ed hi , it 's two in the morning ... she wrinkle she nose . ed ... what 's that smell ? apologetically : gale we do not always smell like this , miz mcdunnough . I be just explainin ' to yer better half here that when we be tunneln ' out we hit the main sewer - dumb luck , that - and just follow that to - ed you mean you bust out of jail !! gale waaaal ... evelle we release ourselves on we own recognizance . gale what evelle mean to say be , we feel the institution no longer have anything to offer we . he be look at the baby . gale ... my Lord he 's cute . evelle he 's a little outlaw , you can see that . ed now listen , you folk can not stay here ! gale , evelle , and hi look up at Ed , dumbstruck . after a beat : evelle ... ma 'am ? ed you just can not stay ! I appreciate you bein ' friend of hi and all , but this be a decent family now ... she look at hi. ed ... I mean we get a toddler here ! gale lean in close to hi , a look of sincere concern on he face , and say under he breath : gale say , who wear the pants round here h.i .? hi now honey - ed do not you honey I . now you boy can set a while and catch up , and then you will be on you way . there be a awkward silence as she leave and slam the bedroom door . gale be carefully study he thumbnail ; evelle stare fixedly at the ceiling . still look at he thumb : gale gotcha on a awful short leash , do not she h.i .? bedroom sometime later , as hi tiptoe in . Ed lie in bed face the wall ; we see only the back of she head . hi sit gingerly on the edge of the bed and , smile , stick a finger through the bar of the crib to play with the baby . the sound of the tv set in the live room filter faintly in . ed they still here ? hi be momentarily startle , then go on play with the baby . hi yeah , they be just gonna stay a day or two . it 's raining out honey , they get nowhere to go . Ed finally turn to face he . we hear the two man laugh raucously in the live room . ed they be fugitive , hi ... hi turn to face she . ed ... how be we gonna start a new life with they around ? hi well now honey you gotta have a little charity . ya know , in arab land they would set out a plate - ed promise just a day or two . hi tonight and tomorrow , top . extreme high angle look straight down at hi , asleep in bed . it be later : filter softly in from the other room be the end of the " Star spangle Banner " on tv . we be craning down . voice over that night I have a dream . flash CUT for a brief moment we see a wall of flame and hear it roar . back to hi still craning down . voice over ... I would drift off thinkin ' about happiness , birth , and new life ... flash CUT Wall of flame . deafen roar . back to hi craning down . the faint National anthem end : we hear the weeeeeeee of a test pattern . voice over but now I be haunt by a vision of - wall of flame Roaring . at the cut : whooooosh ! a huge low-rider motorcycle burst through the flame , its engine roaring even louder than the fire . its driver be a huge leather - clad hellion . the chain wear by the biker clank ominously as he ride . voice over he be horrible ... the biker roar out of frame . low-angle reverse as the biker roar into frame , he rear tire lay down a wake of fire . voice over ...a lone biker of the apocalypse ... tracking on biker as he roar along a ribbon of desert highway . voice over ...a man with all the power of she at he command . the biker reach for he bullwhip . voice over ... he could turn the day into night ... the biker crack the whip and , at the crack : the sky behind he turn instantly to black . bolt of lightning crackle across it as thunder roar . another desert scene day track with and also in on the biker from behind as he roar along a strip of highway . he be reach for the two saw - off shotgun which be strapped crisscross across he back . voice over ... and laid to waste everything in he path . reverse track on biker pull the biker from a distance as he level the two shotgun . the tracking camera pull back further to reveal a run jack - rabbit keep pace with we in the foreground . voice over he be especially hard on the little thing ... crack - as the first shotgun spurt orange the foreground rabbit keel over . the biker slue the other gun around . locked - down wide shot on a rock in the foreground , a desert lizard sun himself . the biker be approach in the distant background . voice over ... the helpless and the gentle creature . crack - from afar , the foreground lizard be blow away . locked - down low -angle wide shot of the empty desert road stretch away . in the foreground a lone desert flower bloom . the biker roar into frame . voice over he leave a scorched earth in he wake , befoul even the sweet desert breeze that whipped across he brow . as the biker roar away , the foreground flower bend with he draft and then burst into flame . tracking on biker from in front . he twirl the shotgun in either hand and reach back to plunge they over he shoulder into they holster . voice over I do not know where he come from or why ... we be move in on he chest , where two crisscross bandolier carry two row of hand grenade , they silver pin glint in the sun . we follow the line of one of the bandolier up to he right shoulder which bear the tattoo : " mama do not Love I . " voice over I do not know if he be dream or vision ... reverse track on biker from behind , booming down as we track . we be approach the crest of a rise . voice over but I fear that I myself have unleash he ... high shot of the biker approach , craning down as he draw near . voice over ... for he be the fury that would be ... with the crane down we momentarily lose he from view over the rise ; then suddenly - roar - he top the rise and , wheel spin , be airborne reverse as he crash back down to earth in the foreground and roar away . only now we be no longer in the desert : we be look down a twilight street at the end of which be the Arizona house . voice over ... as soon as Florence Arizona find she little Nathan go . the roar of he engine and clank of he chain recede as the biker gradually dissolves into thin air . we be leave look at the empty street and the faraway Arizona house . the recede roar have leave behind eerily beautiful sing , a woman sing a lullaby . faintly , behind the sing , there be also a dron high - pitch noise . the camera start float forward very close to the ground , move slowly toward the Arizona house . the high -pitch drine be become less faint under the sing . the camera be accelerate . the drine be grow louder - we can now tell that it be a human scream . as we approach the Arizona house we can see that a ladder be propped up to a second -story window . we be move quite fast now . the scream all but bury the sing . we be rush toward the house , toward the base of the ladder , the sustained scream draw we on . we hurtle toward and then straight up the ladder with no abatement of speed , suck forward by the deafen scream . we reach the top and hurtle - thwap ! - through the white curtain of the open second - story window into the nursery to reveal Florence Arizona , she back to we , scream over the crib . we be rocketing toward she . she be turn to we , hand press to she ear , mouth stretch wide in a ear-splitt shriek and we be rush into a extreme close - up of she gape mouth and she wildly vibrate epiglottis and we CUT to : extreme close shot of hi' eye as they snap open . the scream snap off at the cut . the sing that the building scream cover , however , be now audible again . perspiration bead hi 's forehead . he look down toward the foot of the bed . the bedroom it be now morning . Ed walk back and forth , gently bounce the baby as she walk . she be sing it a lullaby . faintly , from the next room , we can hear gale and evelle snore away like buzz saw . hi ( groggily ) he all right ? ed he 's all right . he be just havin ' a nightmare . hi be get out of bed . hi yeah , well ... he cross to the bedroom window and crack the venetian blind . Orange light filter in . he Pov Beyond a clothes line and a septic tank , a huge orange ball of sun be rise . we can almost hear the roar of its burn surface . back to hi look . hi ... sometimes it 's a hard world for little thing . he Pov the orange sun , rumbling , perceptibly rise . arizona home front foyer at the cut the rumble of the sun be snap off by the high - pitch ba-weeeeeeee ... of a strobe go off as a flash picture be take : we be look over Nathan Jr. 's shoulder as he stand at he open front door , face a battery of press people who stand out on the porch . a obie light over a local tv news camera glare in at we ; various flashbulb pop . nathan no , the missus and the rest of the kid have leave town to I be not sayin ' where . they will be back here when we be a nuclear fam 'ly again . voice Mr. Arizona , which tot be abduct ? nathan Nathan Jr. , I think . voice do you have anything to say to the kidnapper ? nathan yeah : watch yer butt . voice Sir , it 's be rumor that you son be abduct by ufo . would you care to comment ? nathan ( sadly ) now do not print that , son . if he mama read that she 's just gonna lose all hope . a policeman from inside the house be take Nathan by the elbow . policeman we really have to ask you some more question , sir ... as Nathan allow himself to be lead back into the house he call back over he shoulder : nathan but remember , it 's still business as usual at unpainted Arizona , and if you can find lower price anywhere my name still be not Nathan Arizona ! we be follow the two , hand -held , as the Police lead Nathan toward the live room . live room the room be fill with policeman milling about in several different uniform : local police , state trooper , plainclothes detective . the original policeman be lead Nathan to a table where a white - smock technician be prepare inkpad and exemplar sheet . the dialogue be urgent , rapid-fire and overlap . policeman Mr. byrum here can take you exemplar while you talk . mr . byrum have take Nathan 's right hand and be roll its finger onto the inkpad . byrum just let you hand relax ; I will do the work . Nathan jerk he hand away . nathan what be this ?! I do not steal the damn kid ! two man in conservative suit be approach . policeman Sir , this man be from the FBI - nathan ( bewilder ) be you boy crazy ?! all I know be I wake up this morning with my wife scream - byrum ( patiently ) we just need to distinguish you print from the perpetrator ' , if they leave any . give he hand back : nathan course ! I know that ! FBI # 1 Sir , we have a indication you be bear Nathan huffhine ; be this correct ? nathan yeah , I change m'name ; what of it ? FBI # 2 could you give we a indication why ? nathan yeah , would you buy furniture at a store call unpainted huffhine ? FBI # 1 all right , I will get to the point - uniformed cop be the child wear anything when he be abduct ? nathan no one sleep nekkid in this house , boy ! he be wear - FBI # 1 I be ask the question here , officer . cop if we be gonna put out a apb we need a description of the - nathan he be wearin ' he - FBI # 2 it 's just that we be better train to intervene in crisis situation ( to Nathan ) what be he wear ? nathan a dinner jacket ! wuddya think , he be wear he damn jammy ! FBI # 2 ( to cop ) the child be wear he jammy . be you happy ? FBI # 1 do you have any disgruntled employee ? nathan Hell , they be all disgruntled ! I be not runnin ' a damn daisy farm ! cop what do the pajamas - nathan my motto be do it my way or watch you butt ! cop what do the pajamas - FBI # 1 so you think it might have be a employee ? nathan do not make I laugh . without my say - so they do not piss with they pants on fire . cop what do the pajamas look like ? FBI # 1 ( pain ) Officer - nathan ( bellow ) I dunno , they be jammy ! they have yodas and shit on them ! bellowing voice offscreen would ya mind , I be try to set up a Command Post here ! Nathan bellow back : nathan get you foot off m'damn coffee table ! also raise he voice at the offscreen bellower : FBI # 1 ron , you be upsetting the victim . Nathan be get work up . nathan damnit , be you boy gonna go chase down you lead or be you gonna sit drinkin ' coffee in the one house in the state where I know my boy be not at ?! FBI # 2 Sir , there be not any " lead " yet , aside from this coat - nathan gimme that ! he grab the overcoat be display by FBI # 2 . nathan that 's a five- hundred - dollar camel 's hair - byrum Sir , you might want to wash you hand at this point . Nathan realize that he 's get ink from he fingerprint all over the coat . nathan well goddamnit ! he be rise to he foot and hurl the coat to the floor . nathan ... no lead ?! he furiously kick the coat . nathan ... everyone leave microbe and whatnot ! throughout the speech Nathan stalk the room , work himself into a frenzy , furiously put coffee cup onto coaster , generally clean up , hectore the police , and swiping they foot off he furniture . nathan ... Hell , that 's you forte , trackin ' down they microbe leave by criminal and commy and shit ! that 's yer whole damn raison d'itre ! no lead ?! I want Nathan Jr. back , or whichever the hell one they take ! he 's out there somewhere ! somethin ' lead to he ! and anyone can find he know the difference between a lead and a hole in the ground !! hole in the ground - day specifically , it be the hole in the muddy patch of earth that gale and evelle climb out of . we hear only the squish - suck of many foot walk around in the mud offscreen . we be pull back to reveal the foot - the shiny black patent leather shoe and blue pants cuff - become quickly spatter - of several policeman milling about the hole . german shepherd sniff around also . with a roar , motorcycle wheel enter frame . the bike 's jackboote rider casually tool around the hole once ; police step back and dog skitter away to give he room . he back toward the camera and stop , stand astride the bike . the burn stub of a cheroot be drop into frame ; it hiss angrily and die in the mud . we start to crane up . the whipcrack biker cue mix up . the biker 's motorcycle idle with a deep rumble , like the roar of fire on the sun . we be now frame look over the biker 's shoulder . the policeman 's attitude to he seem to be deferential . one cop in front of he be point a direction . the biker be shaking he head ; he do not think they go that way . suddenly , with a loud whipcrack effect , the biker 's head snap to profile . he be stare across the field , stock -still , have hear , smell or sense something . the dog milling around the hole also react , snap to attention , a split second after the biker . there Pov a jackrabbit be bound away at the far end of the field . the dog after a moment , they attention return to the hole . the biker his attention also return to the matter at hand . he squint , concentrate . his bike rumble . gradually he face set in a specific direction . we pan down to the tattoo on he shoulder : " mama do not Love I . " his shoulder flexe once or twice as he revs the throttle ; then he put the bike in gear and it roar out of frame . trailer kitchen close on gale and evelle they be both intently munch cornflake , stare at something offscreen . after a beat : evelle ... awful good cereal flake , miz mcdunnough . there Pov Ed be sit in the live room , bottle - feed Nathan Jr. she be surround by the rumple sheet and blanket use by the house guest . she do not respond to the ice-breaker . gale put he spoon down and pick up a cigarette which have be smoking in the ashtray next to he . there be a bead of milk dribble down he chin . he take a contemplative puff , study Ed . gale ... whyncha breast feed he ? you ' pear to be capable . ed mind you own bidnis . through a mouthful of cornflake : evelle ya do not breast feed he , he will hate you for it later . that 's why we wound up in prison . gale blow out smoke and pick up he spoon to start back in on he cornflake . gale anyway , that 's what Doc schwartz tell we . hi be walk in , yawn . hi boy . evelle morni ' , h.i. sharply , as hi sit and start to pour cornflake into a bowl : ed ... hi. hi hold the cornflake box arrest in mid-air . he look at Ed , who be motion to gale and evelle with she eye . hi oh yeah ... say boy , you would not mind makin ' yourself scarce for a couple hour this afternoon ? ed we be havin ' some decent friend over . gale and evelle be look dumbly from Ed to hi. hi heh-heh ... what Ed mean to say be , seein ' as you two boy be want , it would not exactly do to have folk seein ' you here - I mean for you own protection . gale sure h.i. evelle anything you say . more relaxed now , to Ed : hi matter of fact honey , maybe I will skip this little get-together myself , Glen will not mind , and I will just duck out with the boy , knock back a couple of - uh , co- colas - gale sure h.i. evelle we would love to have ya . close on ed look pleadingly at hi. back to hi feeling the look , he go back to he cornflake . hi ... well ... maybe that be not such a hot idea either . gale lean back to blow smoke at the ceiling . gale ( bitterly ) so many social engagement . so little time . wide shot gas station bathroom it be the bathroom where we earlier see gale and evelle comb they hair , now empty . we be look toward the door . the bathroom be quiet except for the drip sink , and the faint rumble of a approach motorcycle . it grow louder , then begin to recede as the bike shoot by the station . suddenly we hear the screech of the bike 's brake . ext . the station we be on the road outside the gas station as the motorcycle screech to a halt in the foreground . the low wide shot crop the biker at he shin . in the background behind he be the gas station . the biker pause for a moment , think or feel . back to int . bathroom we hear the rumble of the bike approach , very loud . crash - the bathroom door fly open as the biker burst in astride he hog , bright daylight stream in with he to throw he into impose silhouette . the shaft of light pour in be define by mote of dust dance in the air . he Pov fast track in on the jar of hair jelly sit on the shelf under the mirror . back to biker a extreme close shot show he nostril dilating as we hear he sniff . he revs the rumbling bike , steal thunder from a far mountain . front stoop of trailer hi , with Ed stand by , be just open the door to a young couple . Glen be a short stocky blond man in he early thirty , wear bermuda short . dot be wear slack , heel , and a scarf over she hair . hi Glen , dot - as the door open , dot hop up the stoop shriek . dot where 's at baby ? where 's he at ? from behind , Glen give she a energetic thwok on the ass . glen go find he honey ! dot spin and smack Glen across the face with she purse . through clench tooth : dot cut it out , Glen ! he reel under the blow . ed ( quietly ) he 's asleep right now . dot shriek again , but this time muffle it with she own hand . she tiptoe into the trailer , hand to she mouth . Glen , rub he cheek , seem angry at himself . glen shit , I hope we do not wake it ! dot can I just sneak a peek -a- loo ? Glen at the top of the stoop , turn out to the yard . glen come on kid ... wide shot glen and dot' kide a scad of child , range in age from two to seven , be crawl over hi 's car . one be beat on it with a large stick , another sit on the hood pull back one of the windshield wiper , etc . glen ... get away from Mr. mcdunnough 's car . trailer bedroom as Ed and dot enter , Ed beam as they go to the crib . dot what 's he name ? ed uh ... hi Jr. till we think of a better one . dot whyncha call he Jason ? I love biblical name . if I have another little boy I would name he Jason or caleb or - oh ! she put she hand to she forehead , reacting to the baby as if she be about to faint . dot ... he 's a angel ! she hide she face in she hand and look away as if blind , then sneak a look around she hand . dot ... he 's a angel straight from heaven ! now honey I have all my kid the hard way so you gotta tell I where you get this angel . do he fly straight down from heaven ? ed well - dot you gonna send he to Arizona State ? trailer live room / kitchen the weaving knee - level tracking shot be follow a six - year - old boy in short and a dirty T-shirt as he tramp around the trailer , brandish a big stick . he strike the wall , furniture , various other object with he stick , holler " bam ! bam - bam ! " with each blow . the track weave off he and onto hi , who be bend down to pull a couple of beer from the refrigerator . he raise he voice to make himself hear over the din of all the child boil around the room : hi need a beer , Glen ? glen do the Pope wear a funny hat ? hi consider this . hi ... well yeah , Glen , I guess it be kinda funny . glen say , that remind I ! how many pollack it take to screw up a lightbulb ? hi I do not know Glen , one ? hi look down . one of Glen 's child , in a cowboy hat , be squirting a squirt gun into he crotch area . glen nope , it take three ! he start laugh , then catch himself . glen ... wait a minute , I tell it wrong . here , I be startin ' over : how come it take three pollack to screw up a lightbulb ? hi I do not know , Glen . glen Cause they be so durn stupid ! he laugh ; hi do not react . glen ... shit man , loosen up ! do not ya get it ? hi look over at the tv , which the bam -shout six - year - old be bang with he stick . hi no Glen , I sure do not . glen shit man , think about it ! I guess it 's what they call a Way Homer . hi why 's that ? glen Cause you only get it on the Way Home . hi I be already home , Glen . the kid in the cowboy hat be reach up to slap hi on the ass . kid you wetchaself ! Mr. mcdunnough wet hisseff , daddy ! glen say , that remind I ! how would you get that kid s'darn fast ? I and dottie go in to adopt on account of something go wrong with m'semen , and they tell we five year ' wait for a healthy white baby ! I say healthy white baby ! five year ! okay , what else you get ? Said , two korean and one negro bear with the heart outside ... he take a sip of beer . glen ... yeah , it 's a crazy world . hi someone oughta sell ticket . glen sure , I would buy one . hi be look at another child who be just finish off the T in fart in crayon on the wall . Glen chuckle , look at he errant child . glen ... that buford 's a sly one . already know he abc . but I be sayin ' , how would ya get the kid ? hi well this whole thing be just who know who and favoritism . Ed have a friend at one of the agency . glen well maybe she can do something for I and dot . see there 's something wrong with m'semen . say , that remind I ! what you gonna call he ? hi uh , Ed - Ed Jr. glen think you say he be a boy . hi well , as in Edward . just like that name . glen ( not really interested ) yeah , it 's a good one ... course I do not really need another kid , but dottie say this - here be gettin ' too big to cuddle . say , that remind I ! the sound of shatter glass . Glen look around . glen mind ya do not cutchaseff , mordecai ... ext . picnic ground dot face hi and Ed across a picnic table cover with grill hamburger , roll , green jello mold , cooler , etc . one of the young child sit in the middle of the table , occasionally take a fistful of jello and fling it at hi . the two woman do not seem to notice . dot ... and then there 's diphtheria - tetanus , what they call dip -tet . you gotta get he dip - tet booster yearly or else he will get lockjaw and night vision . then there 's the smallpox vaccine , chicken pox and measle , and if you kid 's like ours you gotta take all that shot first to get he to take them . who 's you pediatrician , anyway ? ed we be not exactly fix on one yet . have we hi? hi sit stock -still with a stony face . ed ... no , I guess we do not have one yet . dot shriek . dot well you just gotta have one ! you just gotta have one this instant ! ed yeah , what if the baby get sick , honey ? dot hi , even if he do not get sick he 's gotta have he dip -tet ! ed he 's gotta have he dip - tet , honey . hi shrug , then flinch as a piece of jello hit he shoulder . hi ... uh- huh . dot you start he bank account ? ed have we do that honey ? we gotta do that honey . what 's that for , dot ? dot that - there 's for he orthodonture and he college . you soak he thumb in iodine you might get by without the orthodonture , but it will not knock any off the college . hi sit stoically . dot be look offscreen : dot ... Reilly , take that diaper off you head and put it back on you sister !... anyway , you probably get the life insurance all square away . ed you do that yet honey ? dot you gotta do that , hi ! Ed here 's get she hand full with that little angel ! hi ( dully ) yes mar 'am . dot what would Ed and the angel do if a truck come along and splatter you brain all over the interstate ? where would you be then ? ed yeah honey , what if you get run over ? dot or you get carry off by a twister ? lakeside path we be tracking on hi and Glen as they walk side by side . Glen be sopping wet , wear only swim suit and wing - tip shoe . his body be ghostly pale except for a V -area at he neck and he arm below the short - sleeve line , which be a bright angry red . glen hear about the person of the Polish persuasion he walk into a bar holdin ' a pile of shit in he hand , say " look what I almost step in . " Glen burst out laugh ; hi walk on in silence . hi ... yeah , that 's funny all right ... glen ya damn right it 's funny ! shit man , what 's the matter ? hi I dunno ... maybe it 's wife , kid , family life ... I mean be you , uh , satisfied Glen ? do not y'ever feel suffocate ? like , like there 's something ' big pressin ' down ... glen ( solemnly ) eeeeeyep ... I do know the feelin' . hi shake he head . hi dunno - glen and I tell dottie to lose some weight but she do not wanna listen ! he roar with laughter and slap hi heartily on the back . as he chuckle sympathetically : glen ... no man , I know what you mean . you get all kind a responsibility now . you be marry , ya get a kid , look like you whole life 's set down and where 's the excitement ? hi yeah Glen , I guess that 's it . glen okay ! that 's the disease , but there be a cure . hi yeah ? glen sure ; Doctor Glen be tellin ' ya you can heal thyself . hi what do I gotta do ? glen well you just gotta broaden you mind a little bit . I mean say I ask you , what do you think about dot ? hi ( puzzle ) Fine woman you get there . Glen be eyeing he shrewdly . glen okay . now it might not look like it , but lemme tell you something : she 's a hellcat . hi that right ? glen t-i-g-e-r. hi but what 's that get to do with - glen do not rush I ! he stop walk . hi stop also , look at Glen , still puzzle . Glen lay a companionable hand on he shoulder . glen now the thing about dot be , she think - and she 's tell I this - he look around as if to make sure they be not be overhear . his tone be confidential . glen ... she think ... you be cute . hi look suspiciously at Glen 's hand on he shoulder . hi ... yeah ...? Glen nod energetically : glen I be crappin ' you negative ! and I could say the same about Ed ! through tightly clench tooth : hi what be you talkin ' about , Glen ? glen what be I talkin ' about ?! I be talkin ' about sex , boy ! what the hell be you talkin ' about ?! you know , " l'amour " ?! I be talkin ' I and dot be swinger ! as in " to swing " ! wife-swappin ' ! what they call nowadays open Marriage ! beam , he take he hand off hi 's shoulder and spread he arm . glen I be talkin ' about the sex Revolution ! I be talkin ' about - thwak - hi 's fist swing into frame to connect solidly with Glen 's jaw . Glen 's foot leave the ground . he fly back and land in a heap . low-angle reverse Glen in the foreground , groggily rub he jaw ; hi approach menacingly . hi keep you goddamn hand off my wife ! glen shit man ! he be scramble to he foot . glen ... I be only tryin ' to help ! hi keep you goddamn hand off my wife ! with hi still advance , Glen start to run . tracking on glen with hi pursue in the background . Glen be look back over he shoulder to shout at hi as he run . glen you be crazy ! I feel pity for you , man ! you - crash ! - Glen run smack into a tree and drop like a sack of cement . int . car night hi be drive , he jaw rigidly set , he temple throbbing . Nathan Jr. sit in a safety seat between he and ed. ed we finally go out with some decent people and you break he nose . that be not too funny , hi. hi ( stolidly ) his kid seem to think it be funny . ed well they be just kid , you be a grow man with responsibility . whatever possess you ? hi he be provokin ' I when I pop he . ed how would he do that ? hi ... never mind . ed but hi , he 's you foreman , he 's just gonna fire you now . hi I expect he will . ed and where do that leave I and Nathan jr.? hi with a man for a husband . he be pull into a convenience store parking lot . ed that be not no answer . hi honey , that 's the only answer . he put the car in park but leave it run . hi ... Nathan need some huggies . I will be out directly . as he get out of the car : hi ... mind you stay strapped in . int . store a hand enter to take a package of panty hose from the stand rack . close shot huggies a hand enter to take a big carton of disposable diaper from the shelf . closeup cashier a pimply - face lad with a paper 7 - eleven cap on he head . he be look up from a dirty magazine , reacting in horror to something approach . hi' Pov hi be approach the check - out island with a gun in one hand , the carton of huggies tuck under the other . the l'egg stock be pull over he head to distort he feature . hi I will be take this huggies and whatever cash you get . close shot cashier' hand as he press a silent alarm under the lip of he counter . ext . car Ed be read to Nathan Jr. from a large picture book . ed " not by the hair of my chinny - chin - chin . " then I will huff and I will puff ... ' she pause for a moment , listen . we can barely hear a distant siren . she resume absently , but she voice trail off . ed " ... and I will blow you house in ... " we can definitely hear the whoo - whoo of the siren now , and it be definitely approach . Ed hook a arm around the seat and look behind the car , then look forward . her Pov indistinctly visible through the semi-reflective glass be two figure at the check - out island . one be point something at the other . back to ed as the siren be grow louder . under she breath : ed that son-of-a-bitch . she unstrap herself and get out of the car . int . store two -shot of hi and the cashier , who be stuff bill into a grocery bag . Beyond they we can see Ed , outside , circle the front of the car . her shout be muffle through the glass : ed you son-of-a-bitch ! with this hi notice she . he turn to the cashier . hi better hurry it up . I be in dutch with the wife . but Ed be already get into the driver 's seat of the car . back to ed as she slam the car door shut . the siren be quite loud now . ed that son-of -a-bitch . hang on , pumpkin . the car squeal out of the lot . wide shot the STREET the squad car top a rise to bounce into view , its siren wail . back to the store hi burst out the door , still wear the stock . the carton of huggies be still tuck under one arm . bellow hopefully after he depart car : hi honey ! we hear the smack - crack of a gunshot and glass impact , but the approach squad car be still too far down the block to have be the source . hi look around the parking lot , bewilder . the wail siren be become painfully loud . hi look behind he at the plate- glass front of the store , where a bullet pock mar the glass . he Pov through the glass we see the pimply young cashier with the paper 7 - eleven cap pop up from behind the counter to sight down he huge .44 Magnum for another shot . the gun be so big he use both hand to heft it . smack -crack - the bullet kiss another hole in the glass . hi be off and run . the squad car be screeching into the lot . a officer tumble out of the passenger side before the car be fully stop . he roll on the pavement , then hurriedly rights himself and take up a half - kneel shoot stance . at the same time the little cashier be emerge from the 7 - eleven with he gun . the two bang away at hi 's retreate figure - the policeman 's revolver pop , the cashier 's Magnum booming . we hear the policeman who be still in the car drawl over its loudspeaker : speaker halt . it 's a police warning , son . put that grocery down and turn yourself in . tracking on hi leg pump , panty hose still over he head , its unused leg stream behind he like a aviator 's scarf . the gun be tuck into he belt ; the huggies be tuck securely under he arm . behind he we can see the officer and the cashier squeeze off another couple shot , and then the policeman pile back into the squad car . ed' car driving . she hear distant gunshot . ed that son of a bitch ... hold on , Nathan . we be gonna go pick up daddy . she hang a vicious u-turn . tracking on hi huffing and puffing down the road with he huggies . the cop car careen onto the street in the background , its siren wail . the passenger cop be lean far out he window , one hand grip the light - and -siren rack , the other point a gun at hi , shoot away . bullet whizz past . suddenly , with a soft pthunk ! the huggies box pop forward , out from under hi 's arm - hit by a bullet . still run , hi reach forward , try to catch it on the fly , bobble it , tip it - lose it . he overrun it a couple step before he can bring himself up short . he turn and reach to pick up the box but - ping - ping - bullet chew up the road near he hand . leave the huggies , hi take off through a well - manicure yard . the police car be proceeding on down the street to catch he around the corner , the driver still drawl over he loudspeaker : speaker that 's private property , son . come back out to the street and reveal yourself to Officer steensma and Officer Scott - that 's I . yard hi vault a fence to land in the backyard . as he straighten to he foot we hear a horrible snarling and bark . a huge black doberman be bound across the lawn . it look like it mean to rip hi 's throat out . low tracking shot toward hi the dog 's racing Pov as it bound toward the paralyze hi. the dog leap - camera fly up toward hi 's face - and : close shot hi' frozen profile the dog 's slaver muzzle fly into frame and - stop , bare inch from hi 's nose , and the dog fall back , have reach the end of he chain . hi resume run . close on the dog , snarling and strain against the end of he chain . tracking down along the chain toward the spike moor it to the ground . as the dog strain , the spike start to stir in the ground . other dog can be hear bark now , the doberman have start a sympathetic wave . ed' car her jaw set , she take a hard turn , look this way and that . ed that son of a bitch ... the police car approach and roar by , the passenger cop still hang out he window . ed ... lookie Nathan , a police car ... she be look in she rearview mirror . ed ... say , that look like Bill steensma . low tracking shot the camera be shoot forward at ground level , follow the doberman as it bound along . the doberman be drag he chain and spike , which stretch into the foreground , bump and scraping along the road . Far ahead we can see hi run , then turn down a intersect street . a second dog peel into the road to bound along with the doberman . tracking behind hi running up a dark street . there be a oncoming pickup . hi run directly at it . int . pickup the driver scream and brake - not quite in time . hi roll onto the hood , and off , and gamely trot over to open the passenger door . the Driver be lean over to tell he : driver Son , you get a panty on you head . hi just drive fast ... he be display he gun as he start to climb in . hi ... and do not stop till I tell ya . before hi can get he door shut the Driver be obediently peel out . hi be reacting to a oncoming car . he peel the stock off to look , and lean across the Driver 's lap to bellow as Ed 's car pass : hi ... honey ! hi turn to look through the back window . he Pov Ed 's car be brake and spin into a u-turn . back to hi lean out the window . hi mind the baby now ! next to he , the Driver be scream . as hi turn forward , the entire windshield explode in . there Pov the pimply - face cashier from the 7 - eleven be stand in the middle of the road ahead , sighting down he .44 Magnum for another shot . we be rush in . the driver still scream . the cashier ready to fire and - thump - he be bowl over by the arrive doberman , still trail chain and spike , and now accompany by three other dog , all bray at the top of they lung . still scream , the Driver put he body into a hard right turn to avoid the cashier and hellhound . new STREET Roaring up the new street , they be now directly in the path of the oncoming police car , its siren wail , barrel straight at they . still scream , the Driver lean into another hard right . wind be whistling in through where the windshield use to be . two wheel hop curb as the car skid into the new street , fishtail , and roar away . ed' car she hear dog , siren , squealing brake on a adjacent street . ed hold on Nathan , we will take a shortcut . she give the wheel a hard right turn . but there be no cross street . the car hop the curb and roar up someone 's nicely tend front yard , head for the gap between this house and the one next door . police car recover and turn around from its near collision with the scream ; Driver , the squad car be now squealing onto the street the screamer swerve on to - resume pursuit . as the police car roar down the street , Ed 's car appear from between two house behind it , bounce down the front yard to the street and follow the police . screamer' pickup raking two -shot of hi and the screamer . hi be look back over he shoulder at the pursue police . desperately plead : screamer can I stop now ? hi look forward . he Pov they be rush toward a impose colonial house plant at the end of the dead - end street . back to hi hi maybe you better . close shot brake pedal stepped on hard . the brake scream . ext . car as the car squeal to a halt hi be catapult through where the windshield use to be , tumble over the hood onto the front lawn . he roll to he foot and , as he run up the lawn , call back over he shoulder : hi thank you . into the house we be tracking behind hi as he run up to the house and crash through the screen door . still tracking behind he as he run through the live room . a middle - age couple sit on the couch watch tv . they look up as hi rush by . hi plunge down a staircase . as he do so we hear : ka-chick ka-chock ka-chick ka-chock . he emerge into a rec room where he and we rush past two kid play ping - pong . he run out the back door . tracking with the policeman as he run into the house . as he run through the live room we catch a glimpse of the middle - age couple gape at he . officer steensma plunge down the stair . tracking on hi outdoor now , run , crossing the street behind the house and enter the parking lot of a supermarket on the other side . back to the house as a pack of dog thunder in . the lead doberman with chain and spike have now pick up about a dozen neighborhood dog . the dog thunder through the live room and down the stair . as they hit the rec room the thunder of they foot turn into the clatter of nail on tile . int . supermarket as hi burst in . track on he as he run down the broad front aisle , head whipping as he run , look up each perpendicular lane , search for something . he turn up one of the last lane , race along it and grab a carton of huggies , still on the flat run . he emerge into the broad back aisle and run along it , but at the first perpendicular lane he hit , we see Officer steensma , gun levele , at the other end . he fire . hi keep run . the policeman be run along the front aisle , keep pace with hi run along the back aisle . he squeeze off shot at hi as each lane give he the opportunity . hi abruptly stop between lane and double back , lose the policeman . he run down the second lane he come to toward the front of the store . the pack of dog appear at the end of the lane and thunder up toward hi , bray at the top of they doggy lung . the lead doberman hold in he tooth a paper 7 - eleven cap . hi reverse again , and emerge into the back aisle . bang ! a pyramid of cranberry juice explode at he shoulder . the policeman have be wait at the end of the back aisle ; he aim once again . hi plunge down the next lane but be bring up short as ka - boom ! five jar of applesauce explode in front of he . hi look . stand in the raise platform - cubicle at the front of the store be the store manager , a fat man in a white short - sleeve shirt with a light cigarette dangle from he mouth . the manager crack open he shotgun and insert two more cartridge - thoonk thoonk - in the smoking chamber . hi double back once again toward the back aisle . he be still several pace from the end of the lane when the policeman appear there , squaring to face he . the policeman be in front of he . the manager be blow out grocery on the shelf behind he . close on policeman as he coolly level he police special and take aim at hi . policeman' Pov still on the dead run , hi be fling the carton of huggies . the carton rocket straight at the camera . back to policeman futilely raise he gun to avoid-impact : the huggies catch he square on the chest . the force make he stumble one fatal step backwards - into the back aisle - where : crash - he be hit broadside and bowl over by a rocketing shopping cart , propel by a hysterically scream shopper . tracking on shopper Racing on down the back aisle , bellow . her feet track from in front . Beyond she we can see the pack of furiously bark dog , nip at she heel . they boil over the prostrate Officer steensma , and this be the last we see of he in this movie . ext . store as hi emerge through the back door . Ed be just skid around the corner . hi scramble in the passenger side . int . car raking two - shot with hi in the foreground . the car peel out of the lot . hi thank you honey , you really do not have to do this - thwak - Ed give he a good hard slap and hi 's head roll toward the camera . ed you son-of -a-bitch ! you be actin ' like a mad dog ! rubbing he jaw : hi turn leave , honey . still at top speed , she lean into a hard leave , tire squealing . ed what if I and the baby would be pick up ? Nathan Jr. would a be accessory to armed robbery ! hi nawww honey , it be not armed robbery if the gun be not load - ed what kind of home life be this for a toddler ?! you be suppose to be a example ! hi now honey , I never posture myself as the three - piece suit type - turn leave , dear . ed we get a child now , everything 's change ! hi well Nathan Jr. accept I for what I be and I think you better have , too . you know , honey , I be okay you be okay ? that - there 's what it be . ed I know , but honey - hi see I come from a long line of frontiersmen and - here it be , turn here dear - frontiersmen and outdoor type . hi 's eye be fix on something in the road ahead . ed I be not gonna live this way , hi . it just be not family life ! hi 's attention be still on the road . he be open he door , even though the car be still racing along . he absently concede : hi well ... it be not ozzie and harriet . low angle the STREET in the extreme foreground sit the first carton of huggies that hi drop in the middle of the road . the car be approach . as the car pass the carton , hi 's hand reach from the passenger door and snag it . reverse as hi pull the carton in and slam he door shut . crane up in the car speed away . trailer live room as Ed burst in the front door , hold Nathan Jr. ed you two be leave . on gale and evelle they look up , dumbstruck and mortify , from the sofa where the have be watch tv . ed tomorrow morning . now I get nothing against you personally ... gale and evelle look appealingly toward hi , who shift uncomfortably behind Ed . ed ... but you be want by the authority and you be a bad influence in this household , in my opinion . gale well mar 'am ... we sure do not mean to influence anyone . evelle and if we do , we apologize . Ed be unmove . ed I be goin ' in to town tomorrow to see about some shot for the baby . when I come back you better be go or I will kick you out myself . she storm into the bedroom and slam the door . there be a awkward silence as gale study he thumb and evelle stare at the ceiling . finally evelle turn to hi . evelle ... what 's he need , he dip -tet ? hi I be awful sorry boy , but when Ed get mad , you know , when she get a idea ... gale well there be not a thing to apologize for , h.i ... he look at evelle . gale ... it seem pretty clear what the situation be here . evelle yeah , I guess the missus want we to clear out . gale now h.i. , you will pardon I for sayin ' so , but I get the feelin ' that this - here ... his gesture seem to take in the trailer and the entire domestic situation . gale ... be not exactly workin ' out . hi well now Ed 's generally a real sweetheart , I - gale and as per usual , I would not be surprised if the source of the marital friction be financial . hi well , matter of fact , I do lose my job today - evelle come on hi. you be young , you get you health - what do you want with a job ? gale but look , I would rather light a candle than curse you darkness . as you know , evelle and I never go anywhere without a reason ... and here we be in you little domicile . we come to invite you in on a score . evelle a bank , hi. hi be shaking he head . hi aw boy , I do not - gale I know you be partial to convenience store but , h.i. , the sun do not rise and set on the corner grocery . evelle it 's like Doc schwartz say : you gotta have a little ambition . why we just hear on the news how somebody snatch off one of the Arizona baby . now there 's someone thinkin ' big . gale and here you be sittin ' around on you butt playin ' house with a - do not get I wrong , h.i. , with a fine woman - but a woman who need the button - down type . hi well now that be not really any of you - gale just lookahere ... he be hand hi a fold - up picture . evelle picture of El dorado , hi. gale though the local call it the farmer and mechanic Bank of LaGrange . look like a hayseed bank and , tell you the truth , it be a hayseed bank . except the last Friday of every financial quarter there 's more cash in that bank than fly at a barbecue . evelle and guess what day it be tomorrow ? gale ya see , h.i. , it 's when the hayseed come in to cash they farm subsidy check . evelle a- one information . gale get it in the joint from a guy name lawrence spivey , one of Dick Nixon 's undersecretary of agriculture . evelle he 's in for solicitin ' sex from a state trooper . gale ordinarily we do not associate with that class of person , but ... gale chuckle . gale ...he be tryin ' to make brownie point with some of the boy . hi boy , I can not - evielle we need someone handy with a scatter - gun to cover the hayseed while we get the cash . gale y'understand , h.i. , if this work out it 's just the beginning of a spree across the entire Southwest proper . we keep goin ' ' till we can retire - or we get catch . evelle either way we be fix for life . hi be still shaking he head . hi boy , it 's a kind offer , but you be suggest I just up and leave Ed . now that would be pretty damn cowardly , would not it . gale would it ? think about it , h.i. seem to I , stayin ' here , y'ai not doin ' she any good . and y'ai not bein ' true to you own nature . the camera have float in to a close shot of hi , stare glumly at gale . tracking on motorcycle night follow it , very close , we see only its rear wheel and fender and twin exhaust pipe , one on either side . flame be boil in each exhaust pipe as the hog roar . higher tracking shot from behind the biker 's head as he ride through the night . with the sharp whipcrack effect he suddenly look leave , search . with a second whipcrack effect he suddenly look right , still search . he bank into a turn . ext . trailer creep in . late at night . we be tracking in toward the one window that be illuminate , with a feeble yellow light . in voice - over , hi be compose a letter . voice over my dearest edwinna . tonight as you and Nathan slumber , my heart be fill with anguish . dissolve through to int . trailer creep in on hi 's hunch back , as he sit over the kitchen table write the letter . the yellow lamp sit on the table be the only light on in the trailer . voice over ... I hope that you will both understand , and forgive I for what I have decide I must do . by the time you read this , I will be go . dissolve through to live room creep in on gale and evelle , sprawle on the sofa and easy chair respectively , saw board . voice over ... I will never be the man that you want I to be , the husband and father that you and Nathan deserve ... dissolve through to back to hi still creep in . voice over maybe it 's my upbringing ; maybe it 's just that my gene get screw up - I do not know ... dissolve through to int . 7- eleven creep in on the pimply - face cashier , sit asleep behind the counter , a dirty magazine lie face - down , open on he chest . voice over but the event of the last day have show , amply , that I do not have the strength of character to raise up a family ... we be slowly pan over to the newspaper rack , revealing tomorrow 's headline : " where be nathan JR .? " voice over ... in the manner befit a responsible adult , and not like the wild man from borneo . dissolve through to arizona home creep in on Nathan Jr. in the live room , asleep in he ottoman armchair , light only by the snow from the tv set he be face , a half - full glass of milk on the coffee table next to he . his robe be dishevel ; he eyeglass have sly down he nose . voice over ... I say all this to my shame . dissolve through to trailer bedroom creep in on Ed and Nathan Jr. , asleep together in the double bed . Ed 's arm be drape protectively over the sleep infant . voice over ... I will love you always , truly and deeply . but I fear that if I stay I would only bring bad trouble ... we start to hear the rumble of the motorcycle mix up again . voice over ...on the head of you and Nathan Jr. dissolve through to blackness night sky . the motorcycle tire enter frame as the bike come to a halt . the biker plant a jackboote foot in the foreground . the engine rumble . voice over I feel the thunder gather even now ; if I leave , hopefully , it will leave with I . we be craning up over the biker 's back to reveal what he be look at : we be on a bluff overlook the trailer park . in the window of one trailer below , a yellow light glow . voice over I cannot tarry ... dissolve through to back to hi still creep in . voice over better I should go , send you money , and let you curse my name . you loving ... Herbert . fade out FIRE Roaring at the cut . through it we can see the biker sit on the ground , leg stretch out in front of he , back rest against he park motorcycle , arm fold across he chest . perfectly motionless , he stare at the campfire . we be float in toward he . as we come closer , eventually draw in to a close shot of he face , we gradually realize something peculiar about he eye : he seem to have none . although he eye be unblinkingly open we do not see eyeball , but only fire - either a reflection of the campfire or something roaring - burn - inside . close shot door mat it read : " come on in! to unpainted Arizona . " the smoking butt of a cheroot be drop onto the mat . a jackboote foot grind it out . close shot bar on glass door lead into the showroom . the biker 's mail - and - chain fist push the door open . low wide tracking shot behind the jackboot as they stroll through a showroom of unpaint furniture and bathroom fixture . tracking on the mail hand swing as he walk , the biker 's hand produce a fresh cheroot from no apparent source - either sleight - of - hand or magic . the other hand similarly produce a long wooden match . discolored teeth bite down on the cigar . hand dragging the kitchen match along the unfinish wood surface of a expensive bureau , leave a ugly black scar . the match erupt into roaring flame . cigar crackle as it be light . door reading " executive Offices . " the mail fist push it open . pebbled glass door from the inside of the office . the name on the pebble glass be a backwards Nathan Arizona . there be the shadow of a man approach the door , and muffle voice . secretary's voice I be sorry , Mr. Arizona , he just barge in ... the door swing open and Nathan stand look in , he middle - age secretary hang at he elbow . secretary's voice ... should I call dewayne ? Nathan be stare toward he desk . nathan Hell no , why wake the security guard . I will take care a this . the secretary leave . nathan' Pov the biker sit with he back to we , jackboot propped lazily on the desk . his head bob and duck , as if he be follow some movement in the air in front of he . back to nathan eye on the biker he slam the door shut behind he , look for some reaction . biker no reaction . his head continue to bob and duck . back to nathan circle the biker as he cross to sit behind he desk . he Pov arcing around to reveal the biker 's face . he still do not react to Nathan , not even bother to give he a glance . his eye continue to follow some phantom movement . when the biker speak it be still without look at Nathan , and with a surprisingly soft voice and mild , unhurry manner : biker you get fly . he finally look at Nathan , and smile faintly . nathan I doubt it . this place 's climate - control , all the window be seal . who the hell be you ? biker name of Leonard small . my friend call I lenny ... he take a drag on he cigar . biker ... only I be not get no friend . nathan stop , you will make I bust out cry . listen Leonard , you want some furniture or a shitbox , they be out on the sale floor . small be pleasantly shaking he head . small nooo , I be not a customer , I be a manhunter . ordinarily . though I do hunt baby , on occasion . hear you get one you can not put you hand to . nathan what do you know about it ? small Wal , that 's my business . I be a tracker - part hopi indian , some say part hound dog . when some dink skip bail , crash outta the joint , I be the man they call . nathan mister , I get the cop , the state trooper and the Federal - b- I already lookin ' for my boy . now if you get information I strongly advise - small cop will not find you boy . cop could not find he own butt if it have a bell on it . wanna find a outlaw , call a outlaw . wanna find a dunkin donut , call a cop . nathan small , first off , take you damn foot off m'furniture . second off , it 's widely know I post a twenty grand reward for my boy . if you can find he , claim it . short of that what do we get to talk about ? small price . Fair price . and that be not whatever you say it be ; fair price be what the market will bear . now there be people , mind you , there be people in this land , who will pay a lot more and twenty grand for a healthy baby . Nathan be look at he stonily . nathan what be you after ? small give you a idea , when I be a lad I m'self fetch twenty - five thousand on the black market . and they 's 1954 dollar . I be sayin , fair price . for fifty grand I will track he , find he - Quick as a flash the heretofore languid small bolt forward , he fist stop a inch short of Nathan 's nose . extreme close shot small ' finger his index finger and thumb be pinch together - hold the leg of a struggle fly that he have just pluck from the air . small ... and the people that take he ... he flick the fly away . small ... I will kick they butt . he sit back down . small ... no extra charge . Nathan stare grimly at small . nathan and if I do not pay ? small oh I will get you boy regardless . Cause if you do not pay , the market will . nathan you wanna know what I think ? I think you be a evil man . I think this be nothin ' but a goddamn screw job . I think it 's a shakedown . I think you be the one take Nathan Jr. and my fine friend , I think you be the one gonna get he butt kick ... Nathan swivel to punch number on a telephone . nathan I think I be on the phone to the cop right now , and I - he swivel back , look up , and he speech stop short . he Pov the office be empty . a whipcrack effect build to the cut and : close on hi his eye snap open as the whipcrack echoe away . he have be slump over the kitchen table , asleep . gale ( o.s. ) up and attem , h.i. today be the first day of the rest of you life ... evelle ( o.s. ) ... and already you be fuckin ' it up . hi look up . gale and evelle be smile down at he . evelle come on , the missus will be back from town soon . hi take the envelope that he be slump over , to Ed write on its face . as he stick it to the refrigerator door with a broccoli magnet : hi where 's the baby ? evelle bedroom , in he crib . gale he 's sawin ' toothpick , he will be fine . there be a harsh knock at the door . all three tense . gale ... you expectin ' anybody ? hi be stare . the knock come again . hi no . you two stay outta sight . he go to the door , pull back its shade and peek out . under he breath : hi shit . he open the door . ext . trailer it be Glen . he back nervously down to the foot of the stoop as hi stand in the half open doorway . Glen come to rest a few foot away from the stoop . he be wear a neckbrace . the bridge of he eyeglass be tape together . cotton wadding be stuff up he nose , which be darkly discolor . he hold a roll up newspaper . his station wagon be park behind he , idling . hi Morning Glen . Glen speak in a very nasal voice : glen I be not comin ' in if ya do not mind . I will just keep my distance . hi I do not invite you in , Glen . glen well do not even bother . first off , you be fire - and that 's official . hi I kinda figure that , Glen . glen well that be not why I be here neither . no sir . you be in a whole shitload of trouble , my friend . hi be look at he evenly . hi why do not you just calm down , Glen . glen why do not you make I ?! know that little baby you get in there ? remember he ? I know what he real name be ! hi be suddenly nervous and urgent : hi wanna keep you voice down , Glen ? glen I will pitch my voice wherever I please ! his name be not hi Jr .! his name be not Ed Jr .! but it 's junior a right ! yes sir , it 's Nathan jr.! hi take one step down hold out a calming hand . Glen take two nervous step away and reassure himself by rest a hand on the door of he station wagon . glen ... stay away from I , mcdunnough ! hi stop short . Glen smile . glen ... sure , you be a awful big man when you get something ' around to clobber a guy with ! hi ( softly ) I be not a big man . glen that 's right ! and now you be at my mercy ! he spit on the dirt in front of he . glen ... I be you worst nightmare ! I want to just turn you in for the re-ward . but dot , she want something to cuddle . so it look like that baby 's gonna be Glen Jr. from now on ! hi 's face be set in rigid dismay . glen ... I will give you a day to break the news to Ed ... Glen be get into he car . glen ... dot will be by tomorrow to pick he up . he slam the door . glen ... it 's either that or jail . oh and say , that remind I ! you will find a doctor bill in the mail in a few day . I recommend you pay it ! and the car squeal off . hi look back at the trailer . he Pov a slat in the window blind drop back into place . back to hi he open the door . int . trailer evelle be already emerge from the bedroom with the baby in he arm . hi move toward evelle . his tooth be set ; he mean business . hi what 's goin ' on here . gale step in front of hi. gale you know what 's goin ' on , h.i . it 's just business . now this can go either hard or easy - hi give gale a hard push to get past he . gale stagger back but recover and grab hi in a bear hug . hi flip gale . gale land on a coffee table which flip up and crash back down . evelle be dance back out of hi 's reach . as hi lunge for he the prostrate gale grab he leg . hi go down hard . gale leap to he foot and - crash - bang he head up against a overhange lamp . both of he hand fly up to massage the top of he head . thoomp - hi 's fist fly into frame to connect with gale 's unguard stomach . gale double over , clutching at he gut . hi interlace he finger to make a club of he two hand . with gale 's bow head a target in front of he , hi swing he hand up over he head . hi 's knuckle scrape painfully against the plaster of the too - low ceiling . skin be flay , plaster crumble . hi grab at he knuckle in pain . gale lunge with a mid - body tackle that send hi crash into the wall . gale , still on top of he , reach back to throw a punch . the reach - back send he elbow crash through a window but do not stop the punch . it connect with hi 's jaw . gale throw another quick punch , all he weight behind it . hi 's head bob sideways just in time and gale 's fist go through the wall . it be momentarily stick there . hi use the opportunity to grab gale 's one free arm with both of he . he be twist it to make gale , roaring with pain , twist around and present he back to he . hi climb aboard , grab gale 's face . gale , still roaring , be pull he fist out of the hole . he grab a lath expose by the hole and pull ; it tear out of the wall and snap free , give he a length of about two foot . gale be rampaging around like a grizzly bear hemmed in a too - small space . hi be hang on for dear life , he own foot flail this way and that , knock over lamp and wall fixture as gale bend and twirl about , try to shake he loose . gale crash and bounce off the wall , roaring in pain and fury . Close shot of gale 's face show he feature impossibly and grotesquely contort by hi 's hand , squeezing , grip and clutching at it . evelle be dance around with the baby , dodging crash furniture and flail body part . ext . wide shot the trailer at the cut gale 's roaring drop out . we hear the chirp of bird and the laughter of child play in the neighborhood . it be a sunny day . back to int . trailer gale still roar . with a last mighty effort , he finally swing hi off he body . hi crash against a wall and through it to land in the : bathroom amid a shower of plaster dust and lath . hi have land , groggily , against the toilet . evelle enter now with he hand free , apparently have set the baby down somewhere . he yank the cord off the bathroom blind . live room hi be seat in a straight - back chair , still violently struggle but gale 's arm be wrap around he from behind . evelle be just finish tie off he wrist behind the chair . no one talk ; there be nothing leave to say . finish , gale go to the door and evelle go to the bedroom . he emerge with the baby and precede gale out the door , gale slamm it behind he . hi start buck and struggle , weep tear of rage and frustration . he succeed only in tipping forward , face down into the carpet , the strapped - on chair press down on top of he . his profile be press into the carpet . offsccreen we hear the door of the trailer open . hi' Pov at carpet level . gale 's shoe enter he field of vision . they stride over to a mess of debris in the corner of the live room . objective shot as gale paw through the wreckage to expose the copy of Dr. spock 's baby and child Care . he grab the book . hi' Pov the foot walk away and leave he field of vision . close on hi as we hear the door slam shut with horrible finality . hi 's mouth stretch wide . he roar with grief and frustration . wide shot move down the road toward a oncoming car . as the oncoming car get closer we can see gale and evelle in its front seat . as the car pass we pan with it , to reveal that we have be shoot from the inside of another car , and we hold on the profile of its driver : Ed . she have just watch the other car shoot past . ed ... good . quick fade out int . devastate trailer as Ed sit heavily into frame , apparently in shock , she freeze profile to the camera as she stare straight ahead into space . her foreground hand absently hold a length of cord . Beyond she in the middle background hi be rummage in the debris . he stand up , cropped from the chest down and start load bullet into the chamber of Ed 's .38 police special . hi ( frantically ) I know you be worried honey but believe I , there be not a thing to worry about . we be gonna get he back , there just be not no question about that ... he snap the chamber shut and leave frame , still talk . hi ... we will get he back , that 's just all there be to it . and you wanna know another thing ? he be walk back into frame hold another handgun now in addition to the .38 , this one a automatic . hi ... I be gonna be a better person from here on out . and that 's final , I mean that 's absolutely the way it 's gonna be , that 's official . you be right and I be wrong ... he snap a clip into the automatic . hi ... a blind man could tell you that . now they be not gonna hurt he , they be just in it for the score ... hi be leave frame again , continue to talk as we hear he rummage offscreen . hi ... but I be not like that no more , I be a change man . you be right and I be wrong . we get a family here and I be gonna start act responsibly ... hi enter frame with the two handgun stick in he belt , hold he pump-action shotgun . hi ... so let 's go honey ... he prime the shotgun : whoosh-clack . hi ... let 's go get Nathan Jr. tracking shot from the front bumper of a automobile . beautiful desert stretch to the horizon . the road rush under the camera . gale and evelle's car gale drive , gaze out at the road . evelle hold Nathan Jr. , occasionally bounce he . contemplatively : gale I luuuuv to drive . evelle you say something ' there , partner . gale ... yessir , I figure with the ransom and this bank , you and I will be sittin ' in the fable catbird seat . evelle be look down at the baby , shifting he in he lap . evelle uh , gale ... junior have a , uh , accident . gale what 's that , pardner ? evelle he have a little accident . gale look over . gale wuddya mean , he look okay . evelle no , ya see ... movin ' though we be , he just have hisself a rest stop . gale well it 's perfectly natural . evelle ( very excited ) hey gale ! gale what now ? evelle , beam , look up from the baby to gale . evelle ... he smile at I ! the SUN a huge rumbling rippling red ball that fill the frame . as we hear he footfalls on concrete step , small rise into frame , apparently climb a stoop . the sun behind he throw he into silhouette ; the extreme telephoto flatten he against the sun . heat wave ripple between we and he , make he figure slightly waver . the rumble build , louder and louder , until it be snap off by a - int . trailer click . the front door handle click open and small stand in the doorway . the abandon trailer be perfectly quiet . the room be a complete shamble from the fight . sunlight filter in between the slat of the venetian blind . smoke from lenny small ' cheroot ripple up through the light . after only a momentary pause at the door to take in the scene , small go directly to a specific spot in the debris and nudge some of it aside with he toe , expose a piece of paper . he bend down to pick it up but suddenly freeze , with a soft grunt of surprise . he Pov at knee-height on the wall in front of he , " fart " be scrawle in crayon . back to small as he stand up with the piece of paper . the paper it be gale 's picture of the farmer and mechanic Bank . int . convenience store Close on a carton of diaper be set down on the check - out counter . evelle ( o.s. ) know how you put this thang on ? wider evelle and the cashier , a late-middle - age man ( perhaps the proprietor of this small mom- and - pop store ) face each other across the check - out counter . evelle have various baby purchase - the diaper , baby food , etc . - pile on the counter . the cashier be ringing they up . through the open door beyond they we can see a strip of the parking lot . cashier welp . around the butt , then up over the groin area - evelle I know where they go , old timer . I mean do I need pin or fastener ? we see gale trot past through the visible part of the parking lot , coo " weeeeee ! " as he hold Nathan Jr. up over he head . cashier well no , they get that tape -ette already on there , it 's self - contain and fairly explanatory . evelle uh-huh ... he take a plastic-cover squirt gun off a display rack and drop it on the counter . he be look around at the other impulse purchase display by the register ; he unhook a bag of balloon . evelle ... this blow up into funny shape at all ? gale be trot by in the opposite direction : " weeeeee ! " cashier well no . unless round be funny . evelle be pull a gun out of he belt . evelle all right , I will take this too . now you lie down back there - cashier yessir ! evelle and do not you move till you have count up to eight hundred and twenty - five and then backwards down to zero . I will be back to check - see y'ai not cheatin' . the cashier be already down on the floor , out of frame . cashier ( o.s. ) you the diaper burglar ? as he head for the door with the grocery : evelle look like I be one of them . ext . store as evelle hurriedly emerge with the two bag . faintly we can hear the cashier bellow : " one one thousand , two one thousand ... " evelle get the door , will ya ? gale be slip the baby back into he car seat , which sit on the roof of the car . he start do up the strap . gale he 's a real cheerful little critter once he warm up to ya . hand free now , gale reach for the back door . evelle hurry up gale ... gale have the door open . evelle start throw in the grocery . evelle I do not know how high this one can count . gale and evelle's car gale drive as evelle sort through he purchase . evelle I get he some baby grub ... baby wipe ... diaper , disposable ... packet of balloon - gale they blow up into funny shape at all ? evelle no , just - gale be look around , puzzle . gale say , where 's junior ? evelle wuddya mean , do not you put he in ?! gale no , I think - the two man look at each other . reverse the two men' head whip around to look in the back seat . back to front angle they look at each other in horror . gale where would we leave he ?! the two men' eye widen as they remember at the same time : both look up at the roof of the car . close on gale' foot come off the accelerator . close on evelle scream as he watch the foot : evelle noooooo !! but too late . gale' foot already plunging down on the brake . squeeeeeeeal ... two shot evelle be scream at the top of he lung as the car rock to a stop . he peer through the windshield , still scream , but nothing have shot off the roof of the car . he crane he neck to look up the slant of the windshield toward the roof . this of course give he no view ; still scream , he thrust he body out he open window to look up at the roof . his scream be mute as he head disappear from view , then come back full force as he duck back in , frantically shaking he head . with this gale 's last hope disappear and he start bellow also . gale' foot rising from the brake to plunge down on the accelerator . ext . the car as it hang a squealing u-turn and race off at top speed . low wide shot in the foreground Nathan Jr. sit upright in he car seat , in the middle of the road that front the convenience store . he be placidly look at the scenery . faintly , we hear the cashier bellow : cashier ... Seven hunnert ninety - seven one thousand , seven hunnert ninety - six one thousand ... gale and evelle in they speed car , both stare out at the road ahead , mouth gape , emit ear-splitt scream . int . store shot face the front of the store with some of the street visible outside . the cashier on the floor be out of frame , but we can hear he loud and clear : cashier ... Seven hunnert ninety - one one thousand , seven hunnert - ah ... bullshit . he rise into frame , back to the camera , just as : we see gale and evelle 's car , through the front window , roaring up the street . Quick as a shot , the cashier have drop back out of frame and resume bellow : cashier Seven hunnert ninety - ought one thousand ! Seven hundred eighty - the car be start to squeal to a scream halt . back to low wide shot with Nathan Jr. in the foreground . gale and evelle 's car come to a rock halt behind - and inch shy of - the baby . evelle 's door be already open . he bolt from it and run over to the baby , blubber . he pick up the car seat and Nathan Jr . gale be also get out of the car . evelle promise we be not never gonna give he up , gale ! we be not never gonna let he go ! gale , choke up , speak in a low unsteady voice : gale we will never give he up , evelle . he 's we little gale Jr. now . hi and ed' car hi drive . both be stare wordlessly ahead at the road . hi look over at Ed , glum but try to be kind . hi ... Ed , I realize I can not be much of a comfort to you . but lemme just say this ... he be nodd to himself . hi you will feel a whole lot better when - ed I do not wanna feel better . hi honey - ed I do not care about myself anymore . I do not care about we anymore . I just want Nathan junior back safe . hi I know that - ed if we do not get he back safe , I do not wanna go on livin ' . and even if we do , I do not wanna go on livin ' with you . this shut hi up . after a moment : ed ... I guess I still love you hi ; I know I do . I be not even blame you . the whole thing be crazy and the whole thing be my idea . hi clear he throat . hi well , factually , I myself bear a very large - ed lemme finish . since that jailbird take little Nathan I be doin ' some think , and I be not too proud of myself . even if Mrs. Arizona have more and she could handle , I be a police officer swear to uphold the constitution of the United States - hi now waitaminute honey , you resign before we - ed that be not the point , hi . we do not deserve Nathan Jr. any more and that jailbird do . and if I be as selfish and irresponsible as you - hi y'ai not that bad , honey . ed if I be as bad as you , what good be we to each other . you and I 's just a fool 's paradise . farmer and mechanic bank baking in the noonday sun . gale and evelle sitting in the front seat of they idling car , look at the bank . evelle there she be . gale yep. welp ... they look at each other . gale reach for he door . gale ... let 's do she . evelle waitaminute . what do we do with gale jr.? gale wuddya mean , he wait here . evelle be you crazy ?! he can not wait here by hisself . supposin ' we get kill in there - it could be hour before he 's discover . int . farmer and mechanic bank as gale and evelle bang in through the door . evelle hold a shotgun ; gale hold a shotgun in one hand and Nathan Jr. in he car seat in the other . gale all right you hayseed , it 's a stick - up ! everbody freeze ! everbody down on the ground ! everyone freeze , stare at gale and evelle . a Old hayseed with he hand in the air speak up : hayseed well which be it young fella ? you want I should freeze or get down on the ground ? mean to say , iffen I freeze , I can not rightly drop . and iffen I drop , I be a gonna be in motion . ya see - gale shutup ! promptly : hayseed yessir . gale everone down on the ground ! evelle y'all can just forget that part about freezin' . gale that be until they get down there . evelle y'all hear that ? there be a murmur of acknowledgment from all the people on the ground . gale be toss evelle a sack . gale wanna fill that sack , pardner ? we get - shit ! he be look in shock at the teller ' counter . gale ... where would all the teller go ? there be no one behind the counter . a muffle voice from offscreen : voice we be down here , sir . evelle they be down on the ground like you command , gale . gale I tell you not to use m'damn name ! can not you even try to keep from forget and that ?! evelle be momentarily abash , but then brighten : evelle not even yer code name ? gale register understanding . gale oh yeah ... m'e code name . evelle y'all hear that ? there be a murmur of acknowledgment from all the people on the ground . gale all right now everone , we be just about ready to begin the robbery proper ... ext . police car the camera be lock down on the roof of the rocketing squad car , look past its flash gumball . the car be approach the townlet , its siren wail . back to the bank a teller be finish stuff the last of two burlap bag . Close on she hand , we see she put in a cash packet that be really only a few bill and a sleeve surround and hide a small plastic device . the teller hit a button on the device and it start tick ; she shove it into the sack . evelle all right now everyone , you know how this work : y'all stay flatten for ten full minute ... he be grab the two sack and toss one to gale , who also pick up the baby . as the two be back toward the door : evelle ... we might come back in five to check . that 's for we to know and y'a to find out . gale anyone find bipedal in five wear he ass for a hat . they bolt out the door . ext . policecar sire jump in loud at the cut . it be the same lock - down shot over the gumball . ext . gale and evelle's car peel out from in front of the bank . int . gale and evelle's car gale be drive ; evelle start paw through one of the sack . gale that old timer throw off my concentration . otherwise it would a go smoother . evelle we do okay . yessir . this ought to split nicely three way . a think register with gale and evelle at the same moment . they look at each other . they both twist frantically to look in the back seat . bellow : gale goddamnit ! ya never leave a man behind ! ka - pop ! with a loud flat crack something detonate in the front seat and the interior of the car be spatter with bright blue paint . gale and evelle , both cover in blue , be scream in rage , fear and incomprehension . Blue dollar bill snap and flutter around the inside of the car . the car be swerving wildly as gale drive blind , the inside of the windshield cover with blue paint . he reach forward to wipe clear a patch of windshield . he Pov as the blue paint be smear away we see hi and Ed 's car park broadside in the middle of the road . hi and Ed be in front of it , hi aim he scatter gun , Ed a revolver . the gun spit orange flame . hi' Pov down the barrel of he shotgun . the car with the blue interior be swerving crazily at we , one front tire blow out . hi let go with the other barrel . the shot chew up the front grill , shatter one headlight and blow out the other front tire . the hood of the car fly open . the car be squealing to a halt and gale and evelle pile out , still bellow . gale goddamnit h.i. , be not we get enough to contend with ? Ed be run over to gale and evelle 's car , throw open the back door to look for the baby but come out only with Dr. spock 's baby and child Care . evelle be staggering around in shock , look in disbelief at he own blue body . ed where 's the baby ? evelle point this way and that , in a state of confusion . evelle I think we leave he on the roof of the ... he must be back at the ... hi and Ed be climb into they car . gale let we come with you ! hi and Ed be already peel out . gale ... he 's we baby too ! close on nathan JR . sitting placidly in he car seat that sit in the middle of the road in front of the bank . we can hear the wail of the police siren still approach . as we hold on Nathan Jr. we hear the distant booming of a shotgun . as we boom up to show the empty street beyond the baby , we hear the crack of return fire and furiously squealing brake . the screech culminate in a loud explosion that snap off the siren wail . the police car be apparently history . from beyond the crest of the road ahead a ball of flame have leapt up with the explosion . as the explosion echoe and fade we hear the deep rumble of a approach engine . lenny small ' motorcycle appear over the rise . frame against fire and smoke , he be come directly toward we , and the baby . from behind hi and ed as they top a rise come from the other direction . we see the baby sit in the middle of the street , and lenny fast approach from the background . locked down to motorcycle the extremely low wide shot , lock down to the speed bike , show we rush toward the rear of Nathan Jr 's car seat . with a clank of chain lenny 's hand drop down into frame , palm forward , tensing to scoop up the car seat that we be almost upon . a tattoo on lenny 's wrist read " no prisoner . " reverse low shot with Nathan Jr. in the foreground . he be scoop up and out of frame as lenny roar by . on lenny Roaring along . he hook the car seat over he handlebar . over hi and ed' shoulder lenny be approach . under she breath : ed what be he ? hi ... D ' you see he too ? lenny be saw a shotgun out of he back holster and leveling it at the oncoming car . lenny be sighting down the gun , swinging it around as he approach the car . hi and ed duck just as : the shotgun spit orange flame and the windshield explode in . lenny roar by . lenny' Pov the baby on the handlebar in the foreground ; the road rush by beyond he . the bike bank into a hard turn . facing hi and ed shoot through where the windshield use to be , cut in at the end of the skid as the car rock to a halt . hi and Ed be raise they head . facing forward , they do not see lenny approach again through the rear window . he be saw out he second shotgun . hi look around , reach and pull Ed down beneath he just as : ka - boom ! - the second shotgun roar and the back window spit in . as lenny roar past the back window he casually flip something in . looking down at hi and ed fold over in the front seat . below they something bounce into and around the leg well - lenny 's grenade . ext . car as the two front door fly open and hi and Ed spill out - hi from the driver 's side , head for the far side of the road , and Ed from the passenger side . on ed as she dive for cover behind a park car . Beyond she - kaboom ! - they car explode and bounce , pour black smoke . on hi the explosion fling he to the ground in the middle of the street . through FIRE and smoke look up the street to where lenny be wheeling he bike in a U -turn . he be not finish yet . hi flat on he back , woozily shaking he head . he weakly raise himself on he elbow to look down the street . hi' Pov look down the length of he own body . his leg stretch away in a V. crash down from a wheelie , lenny 's roaring bike be almost upon he - aim up the middle of the V. hi he roll . as the bike be roaring by : hi' hand reaches and snag a chain on lenny 's pass boot . hi dragge several yard before the boot shake he off , leave he on he stomach in the middle of the road . hi look up the road . hi' Pov lenny be again slue the bike around . rear wheel of bike smoke as it skid around in the foreground , complete its turn . boom up lenny 's back to reveal Ed stomping straight up the street toward he - unarm , unafraid . ed I want that baby ! back to hi he reach back to pull up he shirt , revealing a gun tuck in he pants in the small of he back . he grab the gun . over lenny' shoulder as Ed close in . ed gimme that baby , you warthog from hell ! lenny 's arm rise into frame . with a roll of he wrist two knife appear in he hand . back to hi on he stomach , sighting down the gun toward lenny . he Pov Ed step into he line of fire , block lenny . from behind lenny raising a arm to stab . Ed stoops to scoop the baby from the car seat , revealing : hi , behind she . he fire . lennys hand drill by hi 's bullet , drop its knife . the exit wound spurt , not flesh and blood , but a brief jet of fire . lenny Quick as a flash hurl the other knife at hi. hi as the knife sting the gun out of he hand . knife on the ground at lenny' feet lenny bend to scoop up the knife he drop . tracking behind ed as she run toward the bank , clutching Nathan Jr. to she chest . int . bank as Ed burst in . the floor be litter with obedient hayseed . from where he lie prone : old timer just lie down on the floor , missie . bang : the front door burst open before lenny 's roaring hog . it sail off a step into the sink atrium , and land with a crash amidst the hayseed . tracking behind ed as she run for the back door and push through it . tracking behind lenny as he slalom through the wildly scatter hayseed . ext . back of bank as lenny burst out . with a whipcrack effect he look leave , then right . he jerk the bike right , to where a alleyway flank the side of the bank . alleyway Ed be run up the alley toward the front of the bank as lenny enter . he roar after she . lenny' Pov Roaring down the alley . tracking in front of ed as the bike approach behind she . back to lenny' Pov close on Ed as she reach the mouth of the alley . a plank swing into frame , straight at the camera . reverse match action as hi finish swinging the plank into lenny 's face . lenny hit the ground hard as he bike spin out from under he . the bike riderless , twist crazily into the street where it collapse . hi and ed lenny be rise to he foot beyond they as hi nod encouragement to Ed . hi run along now , honey . lenny be reach back to throw he knife . hi , unaware , be turn to face he , present the plank as - the knife be throw . it thunks into the plank , pierce it through . hi back up , swinging the knife - studd plank to make lenny keep he distance . tracking behind lenny' shoulder as he reach up to unhook a chain from a ring on he vest shoulder . lenny' hand as the free chain drop down into he palm . lenny swing the chain - whoosh whoosh - at the backpedal hi. the plank as the chain snake around it and rip it out of hi 's hand . lenny grabbing hi by the shirtfront . lenny' other hand swing down and brass knuckle appear on it . on hi as lenny 's fist swing into frame to club he forehand , then backhand . a uppercut from he heel send hi sprawling back . a parked car as hi land against it , bang he head . he sink to the ground . lenny be casually walk toward he , lighting a cheroot . hi flop over onto he stomach and start wriggle under the car . from under the car hi 's face in the foreground as he desperately seek escape . behind he we can see lenny casually reach down and grab a ankle . the shot be frame identically to the shot in the Arizona nursery where hi pull a baby from under the crib . lenny pull . hi be drag away from the camera and out from under the car . hi struggle to stand up . lenny wrap he arm around he and apply a tremendous bear hug . hi' arm crushed against lenny . his hand paw futilely at lenny 's chest . full shot lenny finally fling hi away . hi landing in the dust , all the fight beat out of he . lenny tire of the fight : he saw out both shotgun the hammer on the gun as lenny 's thumb draw they back . he raise the gun to fire . hi the end of the road . he wearily lift a hand , defensively extend it in front of he - then stop , stare at : hi' hand a hand grenade pin hang , glint , from one of he finger . paw at lenny 's chest he must have hook he finger through its ring . hi reacting . lenny reacting to hi reacting . he look down . lenny' chest on the bandolier across he chest , silver pin glint in all the grenade - except one . its squeeze - lever jut at a right angle from the grenade . lenny' face hi 's jaw drop . lenny' feet the light cheroot hit the ground between he boot . hi scramble to he foot . lenny try to drop the shotgun to free he hand . in he panic he finger tangle in the trigger guard . hi start to run . lenny finally freeing he hand . hi dive behind the park car . lenny' chest his hand fly in to wrap around the grenade - too late - bright light : lenny blow sky-high . there be a roar as if the earth be crack open and flame as if hell be slip out . we pan the fire to the sky . fade out a white aluminum ladder rise up into the blackness , clanking softly . the top of the ladder arc toward the camera . jump back to the interior of the Arizona second - story nursery as the ladder come to rest against the window frame . it be late at night ; the nursery be dark and empty . the headboard of the unpaint crib with the burn - in name : Harry , Barry , Larry , garry , and Nathan Jr. as we pull back from the headboard Ed 's arm be gently deposit the sleep Nathan Jr. into the crib . hi put the singe copy of Dr. spock 's baby and child Care next to the baby . reverse hi and Ed look sadly down at the baby . the silence be break by the bleat of a squeeze - I toy as the light be snap on . hi and Ed turn , startle . nursery doorway Nathan stand in he jammy , hair dishevel , hold a gun and squinting against the light . keeping the gun train on hi and Ed , he slowly raise a pair of eyeglass to he nose . nathan the hell be goin ' on ? he advance cautiously into the nursery , gesture with he gun . nathan ... get away from there . hi and Ed back away from the crib . Nathan peer in and study the baby for a moment . he lay the gun down , tenderly pick up the baby and hold he to he chest . a tear form at the corner of he eye . hi and Ed be quietly move back towards the ladder . nathan ( sharply ) waitaminute ... hi and Ed stop . nathan ... I be not through with you . what be you doin ' creepin ' around here in the dark ? you in with small ? hi ... scuse I ? as he bounce the baby , study hi and Ed : nathan Leonard small , big fella ride a harley , dress like a rock star ? hi no sir , that 's who we save he from . it 's a long story . nathan suppose you tell it . hi well , sir , in a re-ward situation , they usually say no question ask . nathan do they . hi shrug . Nathan turn to put the baby back in the crib . nathan ... all right , boy , I guess you get a re-ward come . twenty thousand dollar ... he turn around with a think : nathan ... or , if you need home furnishings , I can give you a fine of credit at any of my store . fact , that 's the way I would rather handle it , for tax reason ... hi well - Nathan throw he hand up in the air . nathan but it 's up to you . hi tell you the truth , I think we would prefer the can - ed we do not want no reward . hi do a small take , surprised at this much integrity . ed ... we do not bring he back for money . nathan well , we could work it that way too . ed could I just look at he a little bit more ? she stand look into the crib . hi step up next to she and put a arm around she shoulder . nathan be my guest , young lady ... but would you mind tellin ' I exactly how you - Ed start cry softly as she gaze into the crib . hi murmur something to comfort she . Nathan be study the two of they . nathan ... you take he , do not you ? be not that biker a'tal . hi turn to face he . he speak in a rush . hi I take he , sir , my wife have nothin ' to do with it . I creep in yon window and - ed ( still cry ) we both do it . we do not wanna hurt he any ; I just want to be a mama . hi it be not for money or nothin' . we just figure you have more and you could handle , babywise . but I be the one commit the actual crime sir , if you need to call the authority - nathan shutup boy , no one 's callin ' the authority if there 's no harm do . hi thank you sir . ed thank you sir . nathan aw bullshit . just tell I - just tell I why you do it . ed we can not have we own . Nathan look at she . finally he nod and sigh . nathan ... well lookit . if you can not have kid you gotta just keep tryin ' and hope medical science catch up with you . like Florence and I - it catch up with a vengeance . and hell , even if it never do , you still get each other . hi Sir , that be kind word . but I think the wife and I be splittin ' up ... he indicate Ed with a nod of the head . hi ... her point of view be we be both kinda selfish and unrealistic , so we be not too good for each other . nathan well mar 'am , I do not know much but I do know human bein' . you bring back my boy so you must have you good point too . I would sure hate to think of Florence leavin ' I - I do love she so ... he clear he throat and turn to the door . his tone be harder again : nathan ... you can go out the way you come in ... he snap off the light . nathan ... and before you go off and do another foolish thing , like busting up , I suggest you sleep on it ... he have disappear into the hall . we hear he voice recede : nathan ... at least one night . high shot look straight down at hi , asleep in the trailer bedroom . we start to crane down . voice over that night I have a dream ... extreme wide shot a beautiful dusk landscape . we be float in over the field , abutte the prison , that gale and evelle pop out of . in the middle background of the extreme long shot two man be walk across the field . voice over ... I dreamt I be as light as the ether , a float spirit visit thing to come ... back to high shot bedroom craning down toward hi. voice over the shade and shadow of the people in my life wrastle they way into my slumber . back to field still float forward but now much closer to the two walk man . we see that they be gale and evelle . both be still dyed blue . they be approach the hole in the ground . voice over I dreamt that gale and evelle have decide to return to prison ... evelle be start to climb into the hole . voice over ... probably that 's just as well . I do not mean to sound superior , and they be a swell couple guy , but ... evelle have disappear and gale start climb in . voice over ... maybe they be not ready yet to come out into the world . floating up the walk of the arizona hone the front door have a holly wreath on it . voice over and then I dream on , into the future , to a Christmas morn in the Arizona home ... dissolve through to arizona live room five three - year-old in they pajamas be open present around a tree as Nathan and Florence look on . voice over ... where Nathan Jr. be open a present from a kindly couple who prefer to remain unknown . we have be isolate in on one of the child peel the wrapping off a package mark to Nathan Jr. Inside be a shiny red plastic football . floating in toward a station wagon pull over on the state highway in the middle of the desert , a police motorcycle park behind it . Glen be lean out the driver 's window of the car talk to the state trooper who stand face he . voice over I see Glen , a few year later , still havin ' no luck gettin' the cop to listen to he wild tale about I and Ed ... Glen be grin and talk with he hand cup in front of he , as when he tell hi about the pollack who almost step in the pile of shit . the trooper , in crash helmet and dark sunglass , be listen tight - lipped and stone - face as Glen finish he story and slap he knee . voice over ... maybe he throw in one pollack joke too many ... the trooper be click open he ballpoint pen and reach he citation book from he breast pocket . the name tag on the pocket say " sgt . kowalski . " voice over ... I do not know . floating in toward a football it sit on a tee in the middle of a football field . voice over and still I dream on ... a cleate foot boot the football out of frame . voice over ... further into the future than I would ever dream before . high school football player look up , arm out at he side , wait to receive the kick ball . voice over ... watch Nathan Jr. 's progress from afar ... he catch the ball and start run . voice over ... take pride in he accomplishment as if he be we own ... he be skillfully elude and stiff - arming tackler . voice over ... wonder if he ever think of we . he reach the end zone and triumphantly spike the football . he whip off he helmet and we track in on the face of the rosy - cheek high - school bruiser . voice over ... and hope that maybe we would broaden he horizon a little , even if he could not remember just how they would get broaden . back to bedroom still craning down , now very close to the sleep hi. voice over but still I have not dreamt nothin ' about I and ed. until the end ... dissolve through to a couple the man and woman be sit on a sofa in the foreground with they back to the camera . they be in the live room of hi and Ed 's trailer , which be suffuse with a warm golden light . as they face the trailer 's front door , all we see of the couple be the back of they head . they both have white hair , the woman 's pull into a bun . the old man wear a cardigan , the woman a shawl . voice over ... and this be cloudier ' cause it be year , year away . the front door burst open . two young couple be enter as they kid - about a dozen of they - stream in around they . the old couple on the couch raise they arm to embrace they visitor . the child boil onto the couch . voice over ... but I see a old couple bein ' visit by they child - and all they grandchild too . and the old couple be not screw up , and neither be they kid or they grandkid . and I do not know , you tell I . this whole dream , be it wishful think ? be I just fleein ' reality , like I know I be liable to do ? floating in toward a long dine table in the trailer . the table be all laid out with a Thanksgiving dinner , a huge turkey sit at the far end . cut - out letter at the other end of the room say : " welcome home kide ! " the grandchild be run into frame and take they seat at the table , accompany by they parent . voice over ... but I and Ed , we can be good too ... the elderly couple enter from either side of the camera and stand in the foreground , back to we , face the table . voice over ... and it seem real . it seem like we . and it seem like well ... we home ... if not Arizona , then a land , not too far away , where all parent be strong and wise and capable , and all child be happy and beloved ... I dunno , maybe it be Utah . the elderly man drape a arm around he wife 's shoulder and draw she close . she rest she head against he shoulder , and we : fade out the end