raised by wolve written by Aaron guzikowski ext . rocky plain - night a harsh wind howl over a rocky expanse -- angle slowly widen to reveal the grey surface be pockmark with perfectly circular hole ... all identical -- around twenty - five yard across . Super -- kepler - 22b . distance from Earth : 600 light -year -- over three small moon hang in the black sky . a pin prick of light start to shimmer in the center of the triangle -- get brighter , closer -- suddenly a great booming sound reverberate over the landscape as something come barrel down through the atmosphere , rapidly get closer , then -- it pass overhead -- slam into the ground and start slide away across the rocky surface ... move down the blacken , smoke fill trench the crash object leave in its wake ... blink light up ahead ... it 's a space craft -- Earth build , but the tech look to be at least a century beyond what we have now . it 's about the size of a compact automobile -- no window -- maybe a unmanned satellite . a squealing SOUND start emanate from inside -- angle widen to reveal the craft be teeter on the edge of one of that round hole -- look like it could tip over the edge at any moment ... angle widen some more , afford a view over the edge of the hole -- look bottomless -- creak -- the doom craft tip a few more degree -- spark fly , scorched flap and rudder wave around uselessly . a loud beeping start , then -- the craft start to flower open , smoke leak out -- creak -- it tip a few degree further as -- a figure rise from the interior -- a young woman wear a light space suit , a cloth flight mask cover she face -- the woman 's eye be oddly calm as she take in the bottomless hole loom beneath the craft -- the craft 's damage thruster belching fire -- flame whirl - pool around the inside of the hole -- int . SMALL space craft - continuous the woman 's Pov as she duck down inside the claustrophobic , smoke - fill space , see a young man wear a identical flight suit and mask . he 's struggle to dislodge a steel crate the size of a steamer trunk from the interior -- the woman rush to assist the man -- the two of they muscle the steel crate , work to undo a series of heavy clamp -- the ship creaking , tipping -- the woman come to a metal clamp that 's be melt shut -- she twist it , crack the metal with inhuman strength -- angle widen to reveal there be no seat , window nor any stasis pod inside the craft ; the interior look more like a cargo space than a cockpit . the man and the woman start to lift the heavy container when creak -- the ship lurch suddenly , they fall back and -- clang -- drop the container -- they exchange something with they eye , then scramble to they foot and lift the crate back up -- ext . SMALL space craft / hole - continuous creak , the craft tip a few more degree as the woman climb out of the top hatch , then reach down inside -- grab one of the crate handle -- pull it up and out while the man push it up from below -- they get the crate out via the top hatch , stand on the top of the craft with it when creak , the craft tip some more -- they struggle to keep they balance as -- they move the crate to the side of the craft face solid ground -- the redistribute weight stop it from tipping ... the woman nod to the man -- he nod back -- hop down to the ground while she keep hold of the crate . he look up at she -- nod , ready -- the woman start to slide the metal crate down to the man -- the craft start tipping again -- the man grab hold of the crate handle when -- creak , crack -- the craft suddenly drop out from under the woman . the man get yank down to he knee -- he arm snap straight , he hand still grip the crate handle -- angle widen to reveal the woman hang there , hold on to the opposite handle -- she leg dangle over the seemingly bottomless hole -- the man then start to pull the crate up and the woman with it , display incredible strength -- Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 3 . back to the woman , hang from the crate handle as he lift she up -- she look back over she shoulder -- watch the ship smash into the wall of the hole below she -- strobing the shaft 's interior with light -- the man pull the crate and the woman up and out . they remove they flight mask ... both be in they early thirty -- a odd sort of intensity in they eye that 's both attractive and unnerve ... they peer down over the edge of the hole -- see the craft have get catch up on a outcropping about a hundred foot down -- it 's stick , hang there , smoke billow up ... man retrievable ? the woman consider ... man ( cont 'd ) without the com system we will have no way of detect the arrival of the mithraic 's ark . woman it will be at least a decade before they arrive here -- the woman kneel beside the steel crate -- woman ( cont ’d ) we can not afford to take unnecessary risk ; we be about to become parent , Father . she touch she hand to the surface of the steel crate -- two dozen light start pulsing ... father yes -- you be right , mother . mother watch the light pulse for a moment , then -- mother all the embryos be intact ... Father nod ... something occur to he , then : father what about you ? mother what ? +e + % father be you hurt ? do you sustain any damage during the landing . she look at he , a little throw by what she see as a totally irrelevant question ... mother minor mechanical issue . why do you ask ? father my programming be tell I that it 's a priority for I , mother . you well be . mother take that in . mother and yours will be mine , Father . after a moment the two of they smile at each other . mother ( cont 'd ) I feel optimistic . father yes . they start peer around at the rocky plain -- that round hole be everywhere ... father ( cont 'd ) ( be : the hole ) they be not crater ... mother maybe sink hole of some kind . this area could be unstable ... they look around ... see a hilly , forest region loom a few mile away . they look at each other , a unspoken agreement be make , then -- they each grab a crate handle , lift it up and start walk -- while we remain ... we move over the hole 's black abyss -- see the craft 's light flash a hundred foot below ... ext . alien forest - night mother and Father walk through the forest carry the crate -- past strange tree , three moon worth of eerie moonlight -- they emerge into a large clear where a waist high leafy plant grow -- reminiscent of a potato plant ... they walk out among the plant -- the plant grow in a spiral pattern reminiscent of the crop circle on Earth ... mother and Father set the steel crate down amidst the plant . Father squat down and inspect one -- feel the leave with he hand -- then he pull it up -- a ugly look yam - like vegetable come out of the soil ... mother look like a tuber . Father bite it , chew it -- bite something hard -- spit out a hard pit -- father with fruit characteristic -- seed - bear . High caloric value . no evidence of toxicity to human . Father spit out the chew tuber - thing -- father ( cont 'd ) ( be : the tuber-thing ) what should we call they ? mother the child should name they . Father nod in agreement . the two of they look around at the wide expanse of plant ... mother ( cont 'd ) ready make crop . what 's the expression -- too good to be true ... Father consider that for a moment , then : father we have be walk for eight point five hour , mother -- my power cell be get low . perhaps a more appropriate expression for this situation would be do not look a gift horse in the mouth . she look at he ... he smile ... mother Father , though we have only just meet -- I have a feel you be go to make for a amusing companion . Father stare at she for a moment , then : father yes , I seem to enjoy be amusing . mother and I -- it seem -- enjoy be amused . we creator be kind to think of this thing . father yes . so -- too good to be true ? should we keep move ? mother no , we can begin . mother touch she hand to the top of the crate -- it hum -- start vibrate , bright light emit as -- the top and the side of the steel crate slowly open up -- interior mechanism unfold as it transform into some kind of mobile laboratory ... mother touch one of several tiny control screen -- mother ( cont 'd ) initiating trimester one -- Father begin pull something from a compartment in the mobile lab ... six cable that merge into one main -- mother lift the shirt of she flight suit -- revealing a metallic port hole where she belly button should be ... Father plug the main line into the port on she stomach -- mother be now hook up to the mobile lab -- father Main umbilical lock -- Father then start pull translucent sack from a compartment in the mobile lab -- mother begin attach the sack to the six sub-cables -- CUT to : ext . generation-1 settlement - day super -- nine month later -- over the nursery -- a simple rectangular structure make of wood that 's be construct near the spiral vegetable field ... int . nursery - gen-settlement - day mother lie on a wooden cot look drain -- angle widen to reveal she 's still connect to the mobile lab via the main umbilical , control the lab 's flow of nutrient with she mind -- the nutrient be carry from the lab via a pulsing cable that split off into six sub-cables , each connect to : six semi-translucent beach ball - look thing fill with amniotic fluid -- artificial womb -- a real nine month old human fetus float inside of each one ... mother close she eye , direct the lab to increase the flow of nutrient to the fetus ; the time have almost come ... father be you ready , mother ? she do not answer , eye still close -- father ( cont 'd ) would you like to hear a joke to help relax you ? how many android do it take to -- she hold she hand up for he to shut up -- then breathes out , open she eye , look at he .. Father pick up a wooden knife -- move up one of the womb with it -- he puncture the womb -- liquid leak out while Father use he hand to tear away the wall , revealing the newborn baby inside -- the baby 's umbilical chord be connect to a port on the inside of the artificial womb , where it channel the sustenance it receive from the mobile lab -- Father pat the baby 's back -- mother watch on with a fevere intensity in she eye ... until the baby start to cry -- and something like relief flood she expression . Father use the wood knife to cut the baby 's umbilical chord , tie off the belly button -- then wrap the cry baby in a blanket and move on to the next -- 8 . mother concentrate as Father work -- control the mobile lab with she mind via the main umbilical -- she 's get paler , give she child all she have to give ... dissolve to : five crying baby on the floor , wrap in blanket -- mother watch on as Father puncture the sixth and final womb . but this time as Father pull out the newborn , there 's no sound of cry ... Father see there 's something cover the baby 's face -- a thing membrane of skin -- a caul ... mother watch on as Father remove the caul from the baby 's face -- Father then look down at the still , silent form lie limp in he arm ... father he 's not breathe ... mother reach she hand out -- mother give he to I -- father we programming dictate that we break he down -- feed he to the other . mother let I hold he first -- mother keep reach she arm out , implore he with she eye . after a moment Father hand she the still baby ... father we need to do it soon -- before its cell start to -- mother I know -- mother grab up one of the six sub-cables snake from the mobile lab -- father you be just waste formula -- undeterred , mother hold the end of the cable to the baby 's cold lip -- 9 . mother close she eye , command a change in the mobile lab 's inner working -- cause a potent form of baby formula to start dribble from the end of the cable -- mother hold the tube to the baby 's mouth -- the formula dribble down its chin -- mother catch it , push it up to he unresponsive lip . a quiet desperation pulse in mother 's eye as she rub the baby 's back . Father watch on , look increasingly confuse over why mother be do this -- father ( cont 'd ) you need to save you energy for the other -- mother ignore Father , start sing to the baby -- she voice impossibly beautiful -- outfit with a vocal range superior to Earth 's great opera singer -- the other child 's cry go quiet as the song soothes they . even Father look momentarily entrance by the beauty of mother 's voice -- but the baby in mother 's arm do not react . after a moment mother stop sing -- command the mobile lab to stop the supply of milk -- take the tube from the child 's mouth ... Father go to take the baby from mother -- when suddenly mother react to something and pull it back -- mother wait -- Father back off as mother start rock the baby gently -- the baby 's eye finally open -- stare up into mother 's eye -- mother smile down at the baby as she irise start cycle color in this pleasing , hypnotic way -- the baby coo at the sight of the color -- love swell in mother 's expression as she rock the child -- Father smile ... father we programming dictate that the youngest member of gen - 1 should be name after we creator ... mother campion . a strong name ... he seem deserve of it ... 10 . Father begin tend to the other baby -- take the umbilical cable that be attach to they womb sack -- feed they into the baby 's mouth for suckling ... CUT to : a series of shot as the year pass : a ) Three boy and three girl , now four year old , dress in handmade clothes , play on a half bury , fossilize , fifty foot long serpent skeleton . we recognize campion by the light scarring he face still bear from the caul . mother and Father watch on , smile , also wear handmade clothes . B ) mother and Father work to harvest the spiral field with they six four year old , pull that tubor- thing out of the ground -- call carbos -- fill wooden cart with they -- mother sing while they work ... the kid look happy . C ) the sun set on the field as mother and Father watch the six four year old play -- a boy name gabin pretend to be a serpent , hiss as he chase campion and the other around the spiral field as they run from he laugh -- D ) mother and Father , who still look the same as when we meet they , build a silo foundation with the six child who be now EIGHT year old . a big heavy rock tumble onto Father 's arm -- he pull he arm free , shearing off a large swath of skin in the process , inky black blood flow -- E ) mother wrap Father 's arm up , the child curiously eyeing the expose plastic and wire under he skin ... F ) a doll make of stick with a carbo pit for a head lie beside the edge of one of the hole -- mother rush up , pick up the doll -- stare down into the hole , horror in she eye ... G ) mother , mute grief in she expression as she teach Earth history to campion and four other grief stricken child , all seat cross legge on the ground in front of she , a conspicuous space leave where the decease girl once sit ... h ) Father , mother and the five eight year old huddle together for warmth during a freezing cold night , the wall of the wooden barrack shake from the force of the wind . campion notice one of the other boy as well as one of the two remain girl be look very sick , cough , pale ... I ) look down on the spiral field as campion and a girl name spiria run laugh from Gabin , play the old game , but now with three less participant , Gabin hiss out the word -- 11 . gabin the serpent be come to life -- the serpent be come to eat you ! dissolve to : ext . carbo field - gen-1 settlement - day campion , now 12 -- kneel in the dirt , he handmade clothing tatter and wear . he have a scrappiness to he , soulful eye -- think River Phoenix in stand by I . he dig he hand down into the loose soil -- push it down ... he pull a carbo out of the ground -- only this one look bad , petrify -- campion toss it into a wooden cart full of similarly shitty look carbos -- he dig he hand into the dirt again -- push it down deep this time -- feel around -- pull out a nice big one -- smile , carefully place it in the cart -- campion start push the cart -- one of the wheel be wobble , squeaking as he go . he 's sweat ; it 's hot during the day here and below freezing at night . he glance over at the nursery as he pass it -- through its open doorway he see Father sit in the semi - darkness -- stripping plant fiber with a wooden knife . campion set aside the good carbo , then transfer the other from the cart ; toss they into a ten foot tall carbo silo -- he then set the good carbo on a wooden table , quickly peel the skin off with a wooden knife , then he chop it , pull out the pit -- look like a jag black golf ball -- toss it on to a pile of discard pit -- Father emerge from the nursery , and though he visage have not age , he body show sign of heavy use -- he right arm still wrap up like a mummy from that accident he have year ago -- lot of old nick on he face -- he watch on as campion cut up the carbo , then arrange the piece lovingly on a wooden plate . then campion bow he head , murmure something inaudible under he breath -- look to be bless the food when -- father ( 0.s. ) campion . campion turn -- do not notice Father stand there -- look a little catch ... 12 . father ( cont 'd ) do not let mother catch you do that . campion give Father a nod , then head inside the child 's barrack with the food -- int . child 's barracks - continuous campion enter , see spiria , also now 12 , sit up ina wooden cot talk to mother . spiria be pale , circle under she eye -- look very ill -- campion cross the space to they , past four disus wooden cot lean against the wall -- Gabin now decease ; campion and spiria be the only two leave . as he get closer campion hear mother talk to spiria , but mother be digitally alter she voice so it sound identical to gabin' : mother ( in Gabin 's voice ) the serpent be come to eat you , spiria ! spiria you be so silly , Gabin -- mother ( in Gabin 's voice ) no , you be -- spiria giggle -- see campion walk up on they -- campion I pick you a nice carbo , spiria . it 's a good one -- it be way down deep . mother turn -- other than a few nick on she skin , she look as beautiful as she do twelve year ago . both she and spiria smile at campion as he offer the plate . as if they both know he 's something special and this be just further proof of it -- spiria you always pick the best one , campion ... mother watch as spiria take a few bite and then stop -- too sick to eat ... Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 13 . spiria ( cont 'd ) do you remember that silly sound Gabin use to make -- campion you mean this one -- campion make a strange hiss sound , imitate Gabin -- then spiria do it -- they both crack up laugh -- mother ( in Gabin 's voice ) no , you be do it wrong -- it 's like this -- mother -- in Gabin 's voice -- make a comical , lisping hiss sound to campion and spiria 's delight . they all laugh -- mother 's voice revert back to normal mid-laugh -- mother ( cont 'd ) alright you two -- it 's time for education . spiria and campion make face -- mother ( cont 'd ) would you rather Father teach today ? with he add joke I estimate it will take three time as long . campion , it 's you turn * to choose a topic -- * campion * I want to hear more about the war * on Earth . * spiria it 's all he ever talk about -- I keep tell he we be pacifist . campion I do not want to fight a war , I just like the storey . mother it be normal for a male you age . why do not you start by tell we * * how the mithraic turn the tide of the war . * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) campion by discover dark photon , the fifth fundamental force of nature -- the harness of which can be use to disrupt and destroy the human limbic system . mother good . and , spiria , what be the name of the barbaric weapon the mithraic use this technology to create ? spiria they call it the necromancer . it allow they to win the war , but at the price of rendering the earth uninhabitable . only the mithraic have the mean to build a ark with which to escape . they be now head here , which be think to be the only reachable planet where human can survive without the aid of technology and infrastructure . mother very good , spiria . but despite they advancement the mithraic remain stunt by the tenet of they religion . for instance , they believe that allow android to raise human child be a sin . which force they to send a ark outfit with stasis pod , rather than a lighter , faster craft , such as the one the atheist so wisely use to send we . she glare at campion -- mother ( cont 'd ) belief in the unreal can comfort the human mind , but it also weaken it . the civilization you be seed here will be build on humanity 's belief in itself , not a imagine deity . and should the mithraic 's ark ever make it here , you will not listen to they word ; you instead will remember the illogic of they action . you be atheist , peaceful , technocratic -- it be the only path to progress . a + * + hhh HH HH hk + fff he HH HH + h HH hhh hk Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 15 . campion they be go to claim the tropical zone if we do not hurry up and make the journey ourselves . mother they ark only carry a hundred or so people , they can not claim much more than a few square mile . and the electromagnetic field near the equator prevent they from landing there just as it prevent Father and I . it will be a long arduous migration on foot for whomever attempt it -- but it matter little who make the journey first . there 's plenty of space for all . campion take that in , seem to understand , but he still look worried as mother move on with the lesson -- mother ( cont 'd ) now , spiria , can you please list the way in which the number five relate to all manifestation of life -- CUT to : ext . gen-1 settlement - night the triangle of moon loom overhead . cold rush wind -- flute wooden chime hang from the child 's barrack , whistling -- angle widen to reveal ... the wooden cart , turn over -- Father work to repair the wobbly wheel in the darkness . he spin it , watch it -- shake he head , it 's still wobble -- he 's about to start make another adjustment , when he glance up at the three moon and notice something ... Father stand up , see what look like a fourth moon -- but it 's move -- look like a large ship orbit the planet ... Father 's eye go wide , transfix by the sight of it ... +e + HH HH HH hf + % + * 16 . int . child 's barracks - moment later Father enter to see campion sleep in he night gear : a full body suit mother and Father recently develop to protect they remain child from the region 's brutally cold night -- complete with a soft helmet - type thing , its amber color visor shield make from a hard translucent leaf . angle widen to reveal mother ( mother and Father do not have to wear night gear ) sit beside a sleep spiria who 's also wear night gear ... Father look like he 's about to tell she what he see when -- mother Father . her heart be slow -- CUT to : campion 's Pov through the visor shield as he wake up , hear a muffle commotion -- see mother and Father across the way stand over spiria , stripping off she night gear -- mother urgently try to resuscitate she -- campion start to get up -- campion what 's go on ? they do not answer , campion pull off he helmet -- campion ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ?! what 's happen ? mother start cradling spiria in she arm -- Father watch on , stone face -- campion walk up on they -- mother be do mouth to mouth on spiria -- but spiria be not respond ... mother stare down at spiria -- desperation in she eye -- then after a moment she start sing to she , the same song she sing to bring campion back ... meanwhile campion start praying desperately under he breath -- Father look over at he , contemplate the boy 's compulsion to pray as mother sing to spiria 's still motionless form ... CUT to : 17 . ext . gen-1 settlement - morning the alien sun rise over the horizon -- we float down on the settlement , the child 's barrack -- campion walk out the door , look daze ... int . child 's barracks - continuous Father be about to follow campion outside when he stop at the door , turn and look back at mother ... he can not see she face , she hair hang down -- she 's still cradling spiria 's body -- still sing , only now it 's just a strange melodic whisper ... father mother , last night before I come in , I ... she go quiet , look up at he ... mother what , Father ? he consider for a moment , then , instead of tell she : father nothing -- it 's not important . but we can tell from he expression that it be . she look back down at spiria , start sing in that whisper again -- ext . gen-1 settlement Father walk out to see campion look wash out with grief , pull a wooden spade from a tool bin . Father walk over to he -- campion hand Father the spade ... ext . spiral field - day campion follow after Father as he cut through the spiral row , make they way to the outskirt , revealing ... four large stone marker -- too heavy for human to have carry ; mother and Father bring they from the rocky plain . we notice the fourth and most recent grave marker be etched with a familiar name -- gabin . Father start digging a fifth grave right beside it while campion watch on ... 18 . campion you do not have to take care of I anymore you know . Father do not answer , keep digging -- then after a moment : father what do you mean by that ? campion I be useless now -- I can not have baby . the other embryos be not viable . the colony -- father we will continue to take care of you -- until we break down . campion but I be tell you that you do not have to , Father . I be set you free . father it do not work like that -- bump -- the wooden shovel hit something bury in the dirt . Father cock he head , squat down -- start clear dirt away with he hand -- campion what be it ? Father 's hand find something smooth and black -- the top of a very large , bury object ... father it 's just a skull . Father look up at campion , see he look afraid ... father ( cont 'd ) Bones can not hurt you . you use to like climb on they , remember ? campion shrug ... father ( cont 'd ) we have be here twelve year and all that time we have never see one on the surface . they be down in they hole -- and they be not come out again . 19 . we see Father from above as he start try to find the edge of the skull -- CUT to : ext . child 's barracks - later the open barrack door , the sound of a strange mournful song come from inside , footstep , then -- mother emerge with spiria in she arm , sing the wordless dirge as she carry she body across the carbo field ... ext . spiral field - moment later mother carry spiria 's body to the outskirt of the plant area -- angle widen to reveal the open grave Father just dig and in the background , something the size of a vw bug cover with a cloth tarp , the now exhume skull ... Father and campion watch on as mother lay spiria down in the grave . Father begin shoveling the dirt over as -- campion start cry , mother pull he close , comforting he as he look off , eyeing the skull under the tarp ... campion we do not belong here ... mother shoosh he . campion close he eye -- struggle to refortify he will -- mother they would not want you to give up . after a moment campion nod , open he eye -- show some renew strength now -- wiping he tear , try to put ona brave face -- mother ( cont 'd ) you be -- strong , campion -- campion hear mother trail off in a odd way -- he look up at she , see black blood trickle from she nose , she eye have go static -- look like she 's have a seizure -- campion Father -- Father look up from he shoveling , see mother be now about to collapse -- he drop the spade , rush to hold she up -- campion start freaking out -- 20 . campion ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong with she !? father I do not know -- ( to mother ) let I help you back to the barrack , mother . mother shake she head , start to steady herself , stand on she own now -- she wipe the black blood from she face -- mother I be alright . just overload ... father mother -- mother please -- continue ... Father and campion look at she -- worried . she implore Father with she eye -- mother ( cont 'd ) continue -- after a moment Father pick the spade back up , start shoveling dirt into the grave -- glance over at mother and campion -- grim worry crease he expression ... CUT to : int . child 's barracks - night campion Pov through the visor of he night gear helmet as he stare at spiria 's empty cot . mother walk over , sit on the edge of he cot and look down at he ... mother do you want to talk ? campion consider for a moment , then : campion can I talk to she ? campion 's Pov as mother nod , then look off , she expression change , then she turn , face he -- begin to speak in spiria 's voice : 21 . mother ( talk as spiria ) campion -- you poor boy , you look exhaust . you need to get some sleep . campion I do not want to -- I miss you too much . mother ( talk as spiria ) if you do not sleep you will not be able to concentrate on all the important work you have to do . campion spiria would not say that . mother revert back to she normal voice -- mother no , she would not . campion I do not want to forget what she look like . I can barely picture the other . I bet you can remember they all perfectly , can not you ? campion 's Pov -- mother look at he -- want so much to make it ok for he . then something start happen in she eye -- a blind light emanate -- campion 's eye go wide -- he can not believe it ... campion 's Pov -- he now see spiria sit beside he instead of mother ... campion ( cont 'd ) mother , I see she ! she 's here ! and then spiria 's eye flash and she change back to mother . both mother and campion look shocked and amaze by this ... campion ( cont 'd ) why have not you ever do that before ? mother I do not know I could . I have no record of virtual retinal display in my build description . ( more ) 22 . mother ( cont 'd ) likely a oversight on the part of my creator . campion do it again -- but do mariall this time . or tally -- after a moment mother nod , she eye flash , she appear as a six year old girl name tally -- tally hello , campion -- look how much you have grow ... ext . children' barracks - continuous Father pause at the window , see mother inside talk to campion -- to Father it just look like mother be sit there talk to the boy ; only campion -- whose retinae be receive the projection directly -- can see the illusion . Father turn from the window , start beeline for the nursery -- int . nursery - night a blurred repetitive motion -- hard to discern what it be at first ... then as the angle widen we reveal it 's Father 's hand -- braid together long piece of plant fiber -- work at a incredible pace ... he look to be make a rope ... angle widen some more as he work ... revealing the old mobile lab in the background -- dust cover , partially stripped for part . and on the wall there be old drawing make by the child over the year : the alien forest , giant serpent bone , mother and Father , the child themselves , and the hole ... depict with serpent slithering out of they ... ext . gen-1 settlement - another day a carbo land in the cart -- angle widen to reveal campion on he knee in the dirt , wiping some sweat from he brow , sigh -- stand up ; not in the mood to work today ... campion walk to the child 's barrack , open the door -- 23 . int . children' barracks - continuous campion step inside , see mother sit in the semi - darkness , stare into space ... campion mother , can I see spiria again please ? just for a minute . and then I 'il get back to work I promise ... mother do not answer , do not move -- campion ( cont 'd ) mother -- please , it 's so quiet out there ... I want to talk to she -- or one of the other . you say it do not use much power -- finally mother look up at he -- she eye static -- then : mother I be in sleep mode . my processor be occupy . be this a emergency ? he breathes out ... then after a moment he turn , walk out and slam the door behind he -- ext . gen-1 settlement - day campion grab a carbo pit off the pile -- look at it in he hand -- he expression twisted with grief -- he hurl it at the side of the main barrack -- crack . he pick up another one , hurl it -- crack -- he pause , stare at the barrack , wait for mother to come out and yell at he . but she do not -- he walk back to the window , look inside , see she have not move -- campion start back towards the spiral field when he see something across the way ... Father slip off into the forest with a big bag over he shoulder . campion consider ... ext . alien forest - day Father move through the alien forest , carry the bag -- purpose in he eye as he move past we ... 24 . then after a moment , we hear footstep -- campion creep up , follow Father -- campion skillfully negotiate the terrain like the native he be ... ext . the hole - day campion 's Pov -- rush across the rocky plain now -- he skirt past the edge of a hole , then change direction to avoid yet another -- secretly follow Father , who 's fifty yard ahead of he -- campion stop short -- see Father have stop near a hole ... campion duck down behind some rock -- then peek over the top , watch as ... Father pull a long coiled rope from the bag , then start tie one end of the rope to a large boulder about ten foot from the hole ... Close on campion 's face -- look increasingly concerned by what he see Father do , keep watch as -- Father walk to the edge of the hole , drop the now anchore rope down into the pit -- begin tie a harness to himself with a small length of rope -- realizing now what Father mean to do -- campion stand up -- start wave he arm as he run frantically up behind he -- campion no ! what be you do ?! you can not go down there ! you want to get eat ! Father turn , look a little catch , breathes out -- slowly shaking he head as campion run up on he ... father why be not mother watch you ? campion hear a faint beep sound come from down inside the hole ... campion what be that -- what 's that sound ? campion rush past Father to the edge , look down -- campion ( cont 'd ) what 's down there ? Father do not answer -- but before long campion figure it out on he own , become suddenly incredulous -- 25 . campion ( cont 'd ) you tell we you ship be go ?! father campion , I need you to listen to I . you mother be break down -- and soon I will too -- campion I do not want to hear this -- father you be go to be alone soon . completely alone . do you want that ? campion do not answer at first , then look ashamed he shake he head ... father ( cont 'd ) the night spiria die , I see something in the sky . I be unsure at first , but that sound you be hearing mean it 's true -- the ark of the mithraic have arrive and be now orbit the planet . I be go down there to transmit a sos ... so they can locate we position . campion but you say the mithraic destroy the earth with the necromancer -- that we have to stay away from they , build we own society -- father one boy can not build a society . I now think it 's best if we make contact -- so that when mother and I be go , you will be take care of . campion but they be we enemy . father they be all that 's leave of mankind , campion . you kind . the war be over . a ark carry only a hundred or so people -- they will need all the help they can get . we have valuable knowledge to offer they that will aid in they survival here . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 26 . campion take that in , consider grimly while -- father ( cont 'd ) you will have to pretend to ascribe to they belief , but I expect that will not be so difficult for you . I know contemplate a deity provide you with some comfort ... base on campion 's expression , Father be right , then something occur to campion -- he eye light up -- campion but can not they fix you and mother ? keep you from break down ? father that be likely within they power , but campion ... Father look down at campion , about to say something else , but stop himself when he see how campion 's face have light up at the possibility of he parent be save ... campion then we will have they fix you -- and we can all stay together . Father look vaguely conflict until he programming determine that this be the only way to get the boy to agree to what 's best for he ... father yes , we will all stay together ... but you can not tell mother . not yet . do you understand ? campion when can we tell she ? Father move to the edge , start rappelling down ... father when it 's too late for she to stop we . campion wait ! what about the serpent ? father we only tell you the pit be full of serpent to keep you child from play near they . ( more ) * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 27 . father ( cont 'd ) after what happen to tally we could not afford to take any chance ... campion take that in , look a bit outrage , then : campion it 's a bit hypocritical , be not it -- after all you and mother 's talk about not believe in the unreal -- father the serpent be real , campion , they just happen to be extinct . campion 's Pov -- watch Father , slowly descend into the hole , get smaller ... campion be you sure ? CUT to : ext . nursery - day a shadow grow on the nursery door -- angle widen to reveal it 's mother , but she look like she 's still in sleep mode -- sleep walk -- she push the door open , move inside ... int . nursery - moment later Close on mother , she 's do something with she hand -- but we can not see what -- then as she settles we move into she stare eye , into she digital mind ... she 's remember when she be hook up to the six womb sack , watch the baby float in the amniotic fluid -- back to mother 's static eye as she continue to dream -- she expression soften ... angle widen and we reveal what she be do with she hand when she come in ; she 's hook herself up to the old break - down mobile lab -- its main umbilical and the six sub cable attach to nothing -- but in she dream all six womb be there -- closer on one of the womb sack , the caul cover the fetus 's face -- it 's campion -- the amniotic fluid get cloudier , darker -- move through it now ... * +e + % 28 . as the cloudy fluid become cloud in a darken sky -- we be fly over some fiery , war tear city on Earth -- a deafening siren wailing -- people on the street run , terrify as we swoop down over they -- they struggle not to look , cover they eye , clamping they hand over they ear -- mother 's Pov as she 's jolted from the dream ... she 's stare down -- at the floor -- which look oddly far away ... angle widen to reveal mother be levitate , she back be press against the ceiling -- lift the mobile lab up off the floor by the line connect to she stomach ... CUT to : ext . the hole - day Father 's Pov -- still slowly rappelling down into the hole -- he 's almost reach the craft -- he notice something tatter hang off the wall -- it 's scaly ... look like slough serpent skin . he look up , see campion look small peer down at he over the edge ... Father look back at the shed skin -- touch it with he finger ... it crumble to dust -- seemingly ancient . then as he 's about to recommence he descent Father pause , look up ... sense something ... back to campion -- who 's reacting to a plaintive tear sound -- he turn , look over at the rock where the rope be anchore , see it 's start to fray -- campion the rope -- father I know . I be come back up -- Father start climb back up the rope while campion eye the fray section -- consider anxiously until -- he rush over and grab the rope , anchor he foot on a rock , now position a few foot from the edge where Father can not see he -- back to Father quickly make he way back up when he sense the vibration of campion grab the rope -- father ( cont 'd ) keep you hand off it ! you can not hold my weight . I will just pull you down with I . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 29 . back to campion -- as he ignore he Father , keep hold of the rope -- campion ok , I let go . father let go of the rope , campion ! back to Father , now that campion be in danger , rather than just himself , Father show worry -- climb faster -- almost to the top now -- back to campion , grip the rope tight with both hand -- he look to the fray section , it 's just tendril now , come apart -- SNAP -- campion get drag across the ground towards the edge of the hole , about to get pull down inside when -- smash -- he get he body wrap around a rock , it stop he -- Father scramble from the hole , rush over to campion -- father ( cont 'd ) be you injure ? campion shake he head -- wince , body bruise from he collision with the rock -- father ( cont 'd ) I tell you not to grab the rope . campion grunt as he sit up . Father look down at he with something like pride , then -- campion let I try . I weigh less than half as much as you -- Father consider as he help campion get to he foot , then : father look old , but without proper analysis you can not be sure ... campion what do ? father just some shed serpent skin I notice down there ... Father eye campion as campion 's bravery deflate , but not before he snap back and give Father a dubious look -- Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 30 . campion I know what you be do . Father start off while campion remain by the edge of the pit shaking he head at he ... father it 's too dangerous , campion . especially for a member of a endangered species . now come on -- campion breathes out and follow after Father ... CUT to : int . child 's barracks - continuous Father move inside , campion right beside he -- Father look around the empty space ... father mother ? int . nursery - day Father open the door , the light from outside illuminate the darken space revealing ... the old mobile lab be smashed on the floor ... mother sit in the corner , shaking , she knee pull to she chest ... mother I be fly , Father . when I come out of sleep mode -- I be fly ... he look at she with a grim expression ... help she up -- int . child 's barracks - night campion 's Pov -- as he lie awake in bed wear he night gear -- he look over at mother and Father talk across the way , out of he earshot ... mother and Father 's Pov -- we can hear they now -- father you spatial sensor be probably misfire ... this should be happen to I , not you -- you be by far the more advanced model . ( more ) + % +e 31 . father ( cont 'd ) you need to let I do a system check on you -- mother shake she head -- father ( cont 'd ) it could help extend you function . she do not answer . he look at she , get frustrated ... father ( cont 'd ) do you want to cease operate , mother ? I can not help you if you refuse to help yourself . she avoid he stare -- then after a moment he get up and exit . mother look over at campion lie across the way , cry softly ... campion 's Pov through the visor of he sleep helmet as mother sit down beside he -- campion be you really break down ? she do not answer at first , then -- mother yes , but by the time it happen you will not need I anymore . ( beat ) now , someone be here to see you ... campion 's Pov as mother 's eye flash -- and suddenly he see spiria sit there beside he instead of mother -- spiria what be you cry for , you big baby . do not you know you be go to be king of this planet someday . campion I do not want to be . spiria take that in , smile ... spiria and that 's why you will be great . campion consider that , then look off ... Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 32 . campion I do not want to talk to you anymore . it 's make I sad ... campion 's Pov as spiria turn back into mother -- mother 's eye shine like twin projector for a moment , and then everything normalize -- mother 's eye back in shadow ... mother I be sorry -- I think you want to see she . campion I do -- I just ... I wish they be like that man you tell I the mithraic believe in . the one who die and then come back to life . mother be stop , look at he ... campion ( cont 'd ) maybe you could tell I more about that book of theirs ... so I uh , can practice ignore they word ... mother what be you do all day ? you do not pick any carbos ... campion squirm as mother pin a probing stare on he ... campion make stick people like I always do . mother say nothing , stare at he , then : mother so you want to know more about what 's write in they book ? campion nod ... mother 's eye start flash -- campion 's Pov as a halo of fire appear around mother 's head as she body disappear ; she 's now just a fiery orb float in front of campion 's face ... campion gaze into the little sun , completely awed by it , but then fear begin to intrude as he see a multitude of eye appear on its surface , a snarling mouth ... SUN GOD to believe in the unreal be dangerous , campion . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 33 . campion retreat to the corner of the cot , try to look away -- bath in the little sun 's fiery light , sweat -- campion I be sorry . please stop this , mother -- SUN GOD tell I where you go today ? campion nowhere -- campion 's Pov as the sun 's mouth open into a maw -- its throat look like one of the bottomless pit , a serpent make its way up the throat -- emerge now like a live tongue , weaving through the air , move around to the back of campion 's head ... it whisper into he ear : serpent you be lie ... campion squeeze he eye shut , tear stream -- campion I follow Father to the hole -- to you ship ... his eye still close , campion wait for a response -- but there 's only silence now ... campion ( cont 'd ) mother ? campion hear the door -- open he eye to see mother across the way , angrily exite into the night -- ext . outskirt of spiral field - night the giant serpent skull -- no longer cover with the tarp -- it 's menace fang now reveal , empty socket eye -- and in the background we see Father work in the moonlight -- he 's braid together a heavier rope . after a moment he abruptly freeze he hand in mid-motion , hear someone walk towards he through the sprial field ... he go to hide the rope -- but too late -- mother emerge from the field , glaring at he accusingly -- see the rope , know instantly what it mean -- mother do you go down there ? a + % 34 . father I attempt to -- mother we agree we be not go to do that . father they be here , mother ... mother take that in , tensing ... mother why do not you tell I ? father I know you would try to stop I from transmit we location . mother you be right , I will stop you . because that be the exact opposite of we core objective . perhaps you be the one who need a system check -- father we no longer have any hope of increase we number -- there be only campion . and when we break down , he will be alone . he need to be with other human . even if the mithraic be delusional , he will be better off with they than with no one . we have both see it -- each death he suffer push he further towards belief . after all we teaching , it 's the only thing that ease he suffer . mother shake she head , tremble with mount disturbance -- mother I think we be in synch , Father -- that we would remain in synch until we cease to operate . father we come here with twenty - four viable embryos and twelve year later we have only one child -- mother stop -- 35 . mother start tremble -- shame crease she expression -- father we creator overestimate we ability -- mother be shaking now -- eye shine with denial and rage -- father ( cont 'd ) we fail he , mother -- and we have fail we child -- mother stop -- stop speak , stop speak -- mother double over -- suddenly catch in the grip of some agonizing internal pain . she stumble away -- Father follow after she -- father let I help you . please , mother -- he grab she , try to steady she -- see black blood leak not just from she nose , but also from she ear -- and beneath she eye like black tear as she writhes in he arm , act like she body 's on fire -- Father drag mother to the ground a few foot away from the giant snake skull -- start press he finger into she neck -- try to find a specific lever under the skin to force she into sleep mode -- father ( cont 'd ) sleep , mother -- sleep -- mother start thrashing like a rabid rodeo bull -- Father lose he hold on she and then in a flash -- mother flip Father off of she -- crack -- a strange surprised look on he face , black blood dribble from he mouth -- angle widen to reveal she 's impale he on the giant serpent skull 's lower fang -- father ( cont 'd ) mother , I be damage -- help I back to the barrack -- mother I be sorry , Father . but I cannot abandon we mission -- mother pull Father off the tooth , then slam he down on he stomach -- 36 . mother ( cont 'd ) or we son -- mother reach she hand into the open wound on he back , pull out something that look like a ostrich egg cover in black blood -- as soon as she do Father go completely still ... CUT to : int . child 's barracks - morning campion 's Pov through the visor of he night helmet as he wake up in he cot -- large overhead fan start up -- power by some kind of pulley system . campion sit up , pull off he night helmet , sweat -- it 's already warming up out there -- he start stripping off the heavy night gear -- ext . gen-1 settlement - morning campion emerge into the light , squinting as he eye adjust -- start look around , no sign of he android parent ... campion mother ? Father ? no answer . he walk across to the disus nursery -- open the door , peer into the semi-darkness ... he linger on one of child 's drawing on the wall -- a draw of mother and Father wear big creepy smile ... he turn , look to the carbo field -- the plant sway hypnotically with the wind ... ext . spiral field - morning campion walk through the spiral field of carbos -- look around , get increasingly freak out -- campion hello ?! from above we see campion stand in the center of the spiral pattern crop field -- utterly alone ... he walk to the outskirt , see the snake skull across the way -- one of the lower fang be conspicuously miss ... campion start towards the skull when -- mother ( 0.s. ) stay away from it . campion turn to see mother stand there -- 37 . campion mother -- he walk up on she , relieved -- until he see something off in she expression ... mother campion ... Father have shut down -- permanently . campion what ? what do you mean ? he be fine -- mother he know he be get close to the end -- we think it best not to tell you . do not want you to worry . campion no -- he be not break down -- we be -- campion trail off , he eye fill with confusion and grief . campion ( cont 'd ) where be he ? I want to see he ? mother we power cell become radioactive after we cease function -- I have no choice but to drop he remain into one of the hole ... she look off -- become faint -- start get wobbly , campion rush to she , hold she up -- campion what 's wrong ? mother I think I may have expend too much energy last night ... campion start help she back towards the child 's barrack -- 38 . int . child 's barracks - moment later campion watch as mother lie down on a cot . her eye suddenly go static -- in sleep mode now . campion lean down to she chest , listen for something to make sure she 's not dead -- hear a faint pulsing sound ... he sit there look at she , consider anxiously ... CUT to : ext . the hole - rocky plain - day campion walk up on the edge of the hole the craft be down inside of , hold the -- now repair -- coiled rope , thread through a short length of rope he 's wrap around he leave thigh and shoulder -- hear that plaintive beep echoing from a hundred foot below ... he drop the rope down into the hole -- take a deep breath , summoning he courage ... then start rappelling unsteadily down the vertical wall -- slide , stop -- he gauge he progress by the volume of the beep and by look up at the mouth of the hole get smaller -- the darkness swallow the light ... he can see some faint light now below he -- blink -- the ship only twenty some odd foot below he now -- his palm be bleed from slide down the rope -- he arm shaking -- sweat drip off he head -- the beep get louder and louder -- he see some of that snake skin hang from the wall -- fear start to overtake he , he quicken breath echoing loudly in the tunnel when -- his foot finally touch down on something -- he look down , see he 's step on the top of the craft ... he clock the open hatch , a dim light flash inside . he squat down , start carefully lowering himself inside ... int . SMALL space craft - continuous the beep deafen now , campion drop down inside the cramped , flash space -- look around , clock the control panel -- rush to it -- he start hit button -- no idea what any of they do -- 39 . campion hello ? we need help . do you hear I ? then as he hit another random button , the beep suddenly stop ... a screen light up , show a SUN symbol -- a voice start speak , but it 's too bury in static to understand . campion ( cont 'd ) hello -- can you here I ? hello ? campion hit some more button -- suddenly the screen wink out , the interior go dark ... a ominous hum -- the sound of the thruster come to life outside -- campion scramble to climb out as the ship start shaking -- ext . SMALL space craft / hole - continuous campion emerge from the hatch as the fire thruster dislodge the craft from the outcropping -- campion hold on to the rope as the craft suddenly drop out from under he -- campion hang from the rope -- it swing he into the wall -- smash -- he bounce off the wall , swing again -- get he foot plant on the wall , look down , watch the craft drop , disappear into the black , no sound of impact -- he take a breath , then start climb back up -- walk he foot on the vertical , hand over hand on the rope -- grunt , sweat -- he start to run out of steam -- less than halfway up -- he pause , he foot on the wall -- get he breath -- then , campion see a flash of light way way down below -- and then a vague impression of something large , slowly make its way up the shaft when everything go black again -- campion 's face drop -- eye fill with terror -- he start double timing it , hand over hand , walk up that wall -- use everything he 's get -- and as he do he start to feel a strange wind -- or be it a breath -- blow up from the pit , accompany by a faint rumbling sound -- horror twist campion 's expression -- mumble a desperate prayer to himself as he push himself on -- more air gust up beneath he , the snake skin on the wall billow -- 40 . ext . edge of hole - moment later campion climb out , fall to the ground -- limb shaking as he hug himself , writhe -- gag ; push he body way past its limit ... after a moment he start to catch he breath -- crawl to the edge of the hole and peer down ... campion 's Pov -- he see only blackness -- it 's unclear if he really see something down there or if he imagine it ... CUT to : int . children' barracks - dusk campion walk in , see mother be still right where he leave she . he walk up on she -- campion lean in towards she , listen -- he eye go wide -- hear a much stronger pulse than last time he check -- and its cadence have change , to a powerful oscillate purr ... mother open she eye -- she expression opaque as she look up at campion ... campion never hear you processor make that sound before . be you feel any better ? she sit up -- look out of it -- confuse ... mother you should not be worry about I -- you have just lose you Father ... she look off , consider , then look back at campion ... mother ( cont 'd ) do you want to see he ? campion no -- I do not want to play that game anymore -- campion 's Pov -- mother ignore he -- she eye flash -- she become Father -- campion ( cont 'd ) mother , no -- 41 . father do you want to hear a joke ? how many android do it take to screw in a light bulb ? campion please stop -- father how many ? campion refuse to answer -- Father 's face turn angry -- father ( cont 'd ) five ! the number five relate to all manifestation of life . I have five child bury in the ground -- in the ground ... Father 's visage go disturbingly blank -- then -- he eye flash -- he turn back to mother -- mother grab campion , start pull he towards the door -- ext . spiral field - night mother drag campion out into the freezing cold -- campion be shiver without he night gear -- mother a child can not care for itself -- so you must cease be a child and become a man -- mother shove campion to the ground . campion look up at mother pleadingly -- campion please , mother -- I be freezing -- mother I want the silo fill before dark . campion mother , it be dark -- you be not make any sense -- mother you be waste time , campion . I will soon be go -- you need to be ready . now work -- 42 . look afraid , campion obey -- shiver as he reach down into the soil -- feel around , he pull up a carbo -- mother ( cont 'd ) no -- you have to reach down deeper ... mother get down beside campion , then continue digging manically with she hand -- then punch she fist down into the soil -- dirt up to she arm pit -- mother ( cont 'd ) here , you see --— mother start pull something up -- something much larger than a carbo -- a piece of serpent vertebra that 's almost six foot long -- mother hold it up with one hand -- mother ( cont 'd ) the best one be down deep ... mother drop the bone , keep digging with she hand , frantically rip out plant -- pull another giant vertebra out of the dirt -- then another -- we watch from above as she continue to pull up the bone -- crawl around like a spider -- revealing that the spiral pattern the carbos grow in -- be cause by the fact that they grow exclusively from the remain of a dead coiled serpent ... CUT to : int . child 's barracks - morning campion awake , he 's sit on the floor in he night gear -- cover in grime -- pull he helmet off , gasp for air , sweat pour down -- look to be hope that last night be just a dream -- he hear a sound -- flinch -- look around , realize it 's just the pully fan start up overhead ... ext . gen-1 settlement - day campion emerge from the barrack -- he eye go wide ... see mother have pull up almost all of the carbo plant -- the field be completely turn up , look like someone attack it with a back hoe -- he hear the sound of the silo door whack in the wind ... he turn , start walk up on it -- whack , whack -- 43 . campion stop , see mother have stuff the silo with giant serpent vertebra -- mother ( 0.s. ) I apologize if I alarmed you last night . campion turn , see mother stand there , cover in dirt -- but look calm , more herself ... mother ( cont 'd ) I be experience a great deal of sensory interference . campion it 's ok ... mother it will not happen again . I think it serve to defragment my drive . the pain I be experience be go . perhaps I have more time to prepare you than I think -- mother trail off , hear something , look across the way at the forest -- campion turn to look -- see only forest -- do not hear what mother hear , he ear be not as sensitive -- but now the sound be slowly become audible to he ... a man 's voice , call out -- echoing -- and now a figure be emerge from the forest . he 's dress in white and chrome -- and then two more male come into view walk behind he , and then yet another -- campion stare out at they , wonder and fear radiating from he wide eye -- too overwhelm to speak ; this be the first adult human he 's ever laid eye on ... mother look down at he with a stern , control expression . campion I be sorry -- I think I do this . I just -- I can not let you die , mother ... mother you have it backwards , campion . it be my job to care for you -- she push campion behind she -- Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 44 . mother ( cont 'd ) do not tell they what I be . campion how can they fix you if they do not know -- mother just do as I say -- the approach figure ... member of the mithraic -- a sun symbol emblazon on they chest , identical to the one that appear on screen when campion be attempt to transmit ... as they get closer we see they uniform be dirtied , as be they tired face -- they look like they have be out in the wild for some time . out in front be non - noble sergeant , marcus , 40s , rough and tumble , more solider - like than the other two . then there 's noble knight , payen , 30 , refine -- aristocratic . and then a burly look cleric , 5as -- whose uniform have a more ceremonial air to it -- and trail behind they be jinn -- a skinny , odd look man who act like a servant -- wear the plainest uniform ... payen hello there -- we receive you signal . we represent the ark of the mithraic ... mother do not answer -- campion start to walk out to the man and she pull he back ... payen ( cont 'd ) we think Earth 's only survive refugee be aboard we ark . but it would seem sol have other plan . cleric what be you faith ? mother we be not believer ... Close on Marcus who seem to possess a level of instinct far beyond that of he cohort -- he 's silently stare at mother ; look to sense there 's something off with she . meanwhile campion be curiously eyeing the holster handgun hang from Marcus and payen 's belt . payen how do you get here ? the atheist do not have the mean to build a ark . + * Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 45 . mother it do not concern you . now please get off we land . we do not want you here . marcus apology -- but you signal we . and there be no law here regard land or anything else . ( then : ) I see you be do some farming ... we be very hungry . int . child 's barracks - day Marcus , payen , and the cleric sit around the table with campion -- jinn be stand outside . mother set a plate down in front of each of they with a withere carbo on it -- campion notice -- campion give they the good one , mother -- mother this be adequate . marcus after ten year in stasis with nothing but intravenous nutrient -- I be just happy to eat something I can actually chew on . the three man start eat the carbos ... make face -- apparently not very palatable despite they low standard -- Marcus bite a pit , scowl -- mother I forget to mention the pit . Marcus inspect the pit -- hold it up to he eye -- froma certain angle , the hard spiky contour look like a human face -- Marcus shudder , set it down ... campion what about you friend , be not he hungry ? marcus not likely . he 's a android . campion look at mother about to say something when she glare at he -- Blue Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) cleric how many of you be there ? campion it 's just mother and I . the three man take that in , exchange some look . marcus and how many do you start with ? campion there be eight of we -- my Father just pass a couple day ago . some more look between the man ... campion ( cont 'd ) I like you clothes . what be that picture on you chest -- cleric you mean you parent never teach you about the sol invictus ? campion you mean God ? cleric that be he old name , but yes ... campion maybe that 's why he do not always listen to I -- I keep use he old name . cleric you must show yourself holy and steadfast by undergo the seven grade of initiation . you look like a strong boy -- a budd soldier of sol . we faith be first found by soldier in Earth 's first century -- member of the great Roman army -- mother we be pacifist . ( to Marcus ) how many lander have you ark deploy to the planet ? marcus four -- include ours . 46 . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 47 . mother you be search for the most bountiful region to start you colony . payen yes , and we think we have find it . there 's a tropical zone near the equator . there 's a considerable electromagnetic field that 's prevent we from landing we ark there , but that be we ultimate destination ... campion give mother a look ... cleric the new eden . sol 's gift to the faithful ... mother as you say , there be no law regard land here . payen no , not yet -- but we will soon make they ... mother do not answer at first , stare back at they , then : mother and where do you plan to land you ark ? marcus this region be look like a prime candidate . it be good enough for you -- mother it be -- but the soil be grow infertile and the night be become increasingly cold . I advise you to explore the other side of the equator . when you be finish eat -- I would like you to depart and tell they that -- you comrade on the ark . payen be smile incredulously now -- payen would you ? +e + HH hf * + % + % +e + eh HH HH Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 48 . Marcus flash payen a this be not the time look -- marcus I promise we will relay you message . but we will never make it back to we lander before the temp drop ; how about let we stay until morning . mother do not answer -- look like she 's get ready to tell they to go fuck themselves when -- campion let they stay , mother . mother you will leave at first light -- with no delay . marcus thank you ... you do not tell we you name . she say nothing at first -- campion look at she , wonder if she 's go to say mother -- and then : mother my name be lamia . campion react with mute surprise ... marcus lamia , please allow we to introduce ourselves -- mother there 's no need . we do not want to know you name . i’11 show you where you can sleep -- int . child 's barracks - night the door open , mother show Marcus , the cleric and payen into the semi-darkness -- jinn remain stand outside -- mother the night gear will be too small for you . but you can use they as blanket . marcus thank you , lamia -- a 49 , mother close the door -- ext . nursery - continuous mother glance over at jinn who 's stand sentry by the door . she look at he with something like disgust then walk off -- jinn watch she go , he expression blank ... int . nursery - night the cleric , payen and Marcus sit in the semi-darkness -- wrapping night suit around themselves to stay warm . marcus she 's a android . payen be you sure ? marcus this settlement look like it 's be here for year . the only way they could have get here so fast be if they travel in a tiny craft with no life support system . no live human aboard . just freeze embryos and robot . payen I would hear rumor , but do not think they would really do it -- entrust machine to raise they child . so godless , even for atheist . something occur to the cleric , he look off , seem to be recalling something , then : cleric a orphan boy , who dwell in a empty land ... hear that payen 's eye light up -- he exchange a look of excitement with the cleric -- payen the prophet who will decipher the mithraic Mystery . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 50 . marcus let 's not get carry away . besides , maybe this land be not so empty . if they make it here , there could be other ... they consider that while look around at the smashed up mobile lab ... the drawing of the decease gen - 1 child ... payen she have to be malfunction after all this time . what if this boy be a prophet ? we can not leave he here . for all we know she kill the other . Marcus breathes out , consider ... then : marcus Fine . we will take he . ( then : ) jinn -- come in here . after a moment jinn open the door -- step inside , close the door behind he ... marcus ( cont 'd ) if the boy be not willing to leave without the android in the morning -- you will need to deal with she ... jinn yes , of course . she appear to be a low end model -- I do not anticipate any difficulty shutting she down . int . child 's barracks - night mother be watch out the window portal at the nursery across the way -- campion behind she in he night gear ... campion what be that name you tell they ? mother I pull it randomly from my implant data . campion you need to tell they what you be so they can help you . 51 . mother they be not go to want to help I , campion . campion you get all you information about Earth from you old implant data -- you do not have any idea what they be really like . all we know for sure be you creator hate they . well what if you creator be the bad guy ? mother we be go to have to leave here tomorrow , go somewhere where they will not find we ... campion you be not listen to I -- mother you make a valid point , campion -- I be proud of the analytical prowess you be display . but you be my son -- and you will do as I say . campion look at she , resentment and anger building in he eye until -- campion I be not you son . mother do not answer , keep watch out the window -- a pang of hurt in she eye ... CUT to : ext . child 's barracks - morning campion emerge from the barrack squinting into the morning sun -- notice payen and the cleric across the way , share a large carbo -- mother angrily reproaching they -- mother that be campion 's -- payen you have enough here to feed a arm -- Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 52 . suddenly someone grab campion from behind , put he hand over he mouth , drag he behind the barrack . campion spin around , see Marcus with he finger to he lip -- marcus I be not go to hurt you . ok ? I just want to talk to you without the android for a second -- campion she 's not a -- marcus save it , son . we know . campion breathes out -- marcus ( cont 'd ) how would you like to come with we up to the ark ? we ’1ll probably be in orbit for a few more day before we decide on we final landing area . I have a son about you age -- bet you two will get along great . there 's a hundred and twenty - six people up there -- and even some animal . campion you mean animal bone ? marcus no , live one -- hair , eye -- everything . have you ever see a mouse before ? campion shake he head -- marcus ( cont 'd ) my son have one -- he 's train it to do trick . Bet he have love to show you . ( beat ) what do you say ? campion do not answer at first , then after a moment -- campion can mother come too ? marcus what for ? you be old enough -- you do not need a chaperone . +e 53. campion I will not go without she . she 's break down . it 's why I call you . can you help fix she ? Marcus pretend to consider that for a moment -- look to feel for the boy , pang of guilt show in he eye as -- marcus we manage to get over a hundred people across the galaxy in one piece -- think we can fix a bust android . mother walk up on they -- realize the subterfuge , she glare at Marcus -- pull campion away -- Marcus walk off , rejoin payen and the cleric in the background as -- int . child 's barracks - continuous mother pull campion into the barrack , then : mother what do he say to you ? campion do not answer at first , then nod -- campion they be go to fix you . and you be go to let they . that 's all there be to it -- campion look past mother at the doorway , see jinn just walk in -- he 's stand there , stare at they creepily ... campion ( cont 'd ) we be still talk -- can you -- jinn walk calmly past campion straight for mother -- mother do not touch I . jinn suddenly grab mother 's head with both hand -- drag she to the floor , she struggle against he , limb flail as he try to twist she head around 180 degree -- campion get off her ! campion grab jinn by the back of he uniform , try in vain to pull he off he mother when -- 54 . someone grab campion from behind , pull he from the barrack -- campion get a last glimpse of jinn hunch over mother , the sound of crack plastic -- ext . gen-1 settlement - continuous Marcus drag campion away from the barrack -- campion no ! don ’t hurt her ! payen rush over with the cleric -- they assist Marcus -- campion kick and thrashing as the three of they force he to the ground and hold he -- the sound of a struggle emanate from inside the barrack -- marcus we be not hurt she -- we be shutting she down . cleric it 's not natural what they have do to you -- campion please do not do this ! please -- campion trail off as the sound inside the barrack suddenly go silent . all eye be on the empty doorway -- but no one 's come out ... campion pray under he breath that mother will be the one to walk out of there ... but then horror fill he eye as -- jinn emerge from the open door , black blood splash all over he clothes -- campion ( cont 'd ) no ! payen and the cleric bee line for jinn while Marcus continue to hold a bawling , scream campion -- marcus it 's ok , it 's over , it 's all over now -- jinn stand stock still as payen and the cleric approach he . payen now now , jinn -- she do not give you too much trouble , do she ? 55 . jinn do not answer -- they notice he eye pulsing faintly . cleric be you damage -- let I take at look at you ... the cleric move up on jinn , touch he hand to jinn 's neck when jinn start whisper something inaudible -- the cleric look jinn in he now flash eye -- cleric ( cont 'd ) what do you say -- the cleric find he now can not look away from jinn 's stare -- he body freezing up -- jinn 's eye -- just inch from the cleric 's now -- cycle strange color as a high pitch tone emit from he mouth -- the tone be reminiscent of the siren mother hear in she dream -- Marcus , campion and payen all press they hand over they ear as the tone get higher , louder -- vein start pop out on the cleric 's forehead -- the tone get higher , the cleric watch the color in jinn 's eye strobing -- the cleric 's face turn purple until -- boom , the cleric 's head explode -- Marcus , payen and campion freeze up with shock as the cleric 's now headless body crumple to the ground -- then a now blood splatter jinn start slowly turn he head to face they , he eye flash , cycle color -- until -- they see it 's really mother stand there splatter with blood ; she be use she retinae display feature to disguise herself as jinn . see this , Marcus realize something , start flee in a frenzied panic , drag campion -- payen right behind they , about to look back when -- marcus ( to payen ) do not look at she ! she 's one of ours -- a necromancer -- campion react with horrify bafflement -- payen it 's not possible ! how do she get here ?! Marcus pull he gun as he drag campion by the arm -- campion stare back at mother -- she 's just stand there watch they go and then ... 56 . she start to levitate slowly up into the air ... campion gasp -- but do not warn he captor -- he trip -- marcus get up -- move -- Marcus yank campion back up as payen rush ahead -- payen 's Pov stare at the ground as he charge through the plant , Marcus and campion rush to catch up as he reach the outskirt , then mother suddenly float down in front of he -- he stop short , but when he try to look away he inadvertently catch a glimpse of she flash eye -- payen immediately freeze up -- suddenly compel to turn back towards she , lock into she stare , she irise scrolling color -- that high pitch tone sounding from she mouth -- payen 's face twist with effort as he try to fight the effect -- draw he gun , struggle to lift he arm to shoot she -- the high pitch tone get even higher -- the vein in payen 's gun hand start bulg -- back to Marcus and campion -- Marcus now pull the boy in the opposite direction while behind they -- payen , struggle to aim the gun , he eye roll back into he head , the vein in he gun hand inflate further as he start to pull the trigger -- boom -- he hand explode -- back to campion watch , look away in horror -- marcus ( cont 'd ) fuck -- Marcus keep push on -- hear a rustling in the carbo plant -- mother creep up , about to cut they off , Marcus stop , clenching he eye shut -- grip campion 's arm -- angle widen to reveal mother stand a few foot behind they -- Marcus keep he eye close while -- campion meet mother 's stare -- and as soon as he do he body start to freeze up until he turn away , horrify -- realize he 's not immune to she power -- marcus ( cont 'd ) ( to mother ) we be the one who make you -- you be a necromancer -- a disciple of the sol invictus . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 57 . mother no , I be program by campion sturge -- a atheist . marcus you mean reprogrammed . you be reverting -- mother my -- my program have not change . marcus I think you son would disagree . mother go quiet for a moment , processing , then -- mother question : be there any more of my kind aboard you ark ? marcus no , we leave they all on Earth -- it 's theirs now -- they hell to rule over ... mother take that in -- then open she mouth and that strange siren blast -- Marcus let go of campion so he can cover he ear -- campion stumble away cover he own ear -- Marcus 's Pov as the sound go silent -- look down at the ground as he start run for the alien forest , thump -- he run into the serpent skull , get up , regard it with horrify eye -- he hear the plant swish as mother move up on he -- Marcus take off run into the alien forest . mother do not pursue he , just watch he go for a moment , then turn and look back at campion ... she see he 's cover he eye -- will not look at she ... a pang of pain in she expression ... campion 's Pov -- cover he eye , then slowly he remove he hand to see mother walk off into the forest ... 58 . ext . alien forest - day Marcus 's Pov as he haul ass through the forest -- weaving through the dense foliage , leaping over fall tree -- push through the brush -- he stop -- struggle to catch he breath -- then he turn , see something silently float through the tree -- he turn , start run again , come up on the rocky plain ... ext . rocky plain - day Marcus rush across the craggy expanse -- beeline for the lander -- a short range shuttle that 's sit near the hole where mother and Father 's ship go down . Marcus rush up on the lander 's side door , mumble a prayer to himself as he keep glance back over he shoulder -- marcus I wear the armor of mithras and the Light . I be shield from all that be harmful -- a keypad on the side door he start punch in a code -- the side door open -- he rush inside , hit button on another key pad -- beep -- he 's so frantic he 's hit the wrong key -- he try again -- get the code right this time , the door close behind he . int . lander 1 - rocky plain - continuous Marcus rush into the cockpit , start hit control -- struggle to catch he breath , watch the gauge -- wait anxiously for the lander to power up -- marcus I wear the armor of mithras and the Light . I be shield from all that be -- he trail off as he look out the cockpit glass , see mother stand outside , look straight at he , she eye flash . Marcus 's eye go blank ... he hit a control to open the door .. the sound of mother enter the ship , move up behind he -- he pull he side arm , hold it to he own head -- the gun barrel shaking ... he see she reflection in the cockpit glass , as she walk up behind he ... 59 . mother die -- bang -- he fire while he hand be shaking , bullet skip across the surface of he skull -- he head fall down on to the console -- ext . lander - rocky plain - continuous thud -- Marcus be throw from the door of the lander , land face down on the ground , he head bleed -- still appear to be breathe . mother then head back to the cockpit as the side door close -- the lander 's bright light shine on Marcus 's prone form as it take off into the sky above he -- int . lander - flying -- continuous mother work the control , discover she know mithraic tech -- the lander shake as it blast up towards the atmosphere while mother speak into the console , use Marcus 's voice -- mother ( in Marcus 's voice ) this be lander two -- do you copy ? voice Marcus ? think we lose you ... do you find the source of the signal ? mother ( in Marcus 's voice ) negative . we be return to the ark -- voice now ? be something wrong ? mother ( in Marcus 's voice ) the cleric be injure ina fall -- we have limited time , he 's lose a lot of blood -- voice copy that -- I 'il open the gate -- have the mo crew stand by . Blue Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 60 . ext . ark - space a ark -- a large air craft carrier - look ship -- this one have be dub heaven by its creator , the name emblazon on its hull -- angle widen and -- for the first time -- we see the planet from space -- look like a larger half - sister of Earth -- the ark orbit , then -- a tiny speck emerge from the planet 's atmosphere ... the lander -- its thruster intermittently lighting up as it make its slow glide towards the ark . a landing portal open on the side of the ark -- the lander glide inside ... int . AIR lock - ark - moment later a close air lock door , a hiss sound emanate as two armed guard pull a series of lever -- the hiss stop . the two guard stand back as the door slowly swing open ... they see mother , she eye flash -- they freeze up as she walk right past they -- they then draw they side arm , stare at one another in horror -- both hallucinate that the other be become a serpent -- they then begin fire bullet into each other -- int . corridor - ark - continuous mother walk down the long white hallway , vaguely temple - like design to the ship -- sun symbol everywhere -- chant -- she pass a prayer room -- where several people be on they knee praying -- a cleric raise he upturn hand into the air -- he glance at mother -- her eye flash -- he crumple , start weep -- she keep move , past a window space -- dozen of empty hibernation pod inside -- int . control room - moment later a screen show multiple camera view -- mother move through the ship , guard 's head and limb explode in she wake -- other just fall to they knee , make insane by she stare -- the attendant watch the screen turn around , five other in the control room -- panic -- 61 . attendant she 's a necromancer . whatever you do , do not look at she -- int . door to control room - corridor - ark - continuous mother be breathe a thin stream of blue fire from she mouth -- heating the center of the door -- she then push she finger through the soft metal -- int . control room - ark - continuous the attendant open fire as mother 's hand reach through the hole in the door -- the bullet tear up she skin as she hit a button -- the door open -- mother move inside amidst a hail of bullet -- one of the attendant catch a glimpse of she eye -- turn he gun on the other , another one get a glimpse -- more cross fire -- and then in a instant they be all lie dead around she -- she move to the main control panel , start manipulate the instrument -- a alarm start blaring -- computer warning -- landing coordinate incomplete . mother override -- computer Security code please . mother turn , see one of the attendant be still alive , try to crawl from the room -- she walk over , grab he , lift he up -- he turn he face away from she -- she grab he chin -- turn he face back to she -- mother open you eye -- attendant no -- she grab he face -- pull off one of he eyelid -- he darting retinae instinctively lock in with hers -- mother the override code -- 62 . she shove he towards the console , he punch in the code -- blood drip off he face on to the console -- computer landing sequence initiate . mother check another control panel -- show camera feed of various part of the ship ... clock a room where child be hide -- int . corridor - ark mother walk back the way she come -- the alarm blaring , scream come from open doorway , blood smear on the wall , attendant sprawle on the floor , clutching the gun they shot themselves with -- int . SMALL room - ark - continuous a group of child be huddle in the corner , across from a close door -- boy and girl -- various age -- they tense , hear someone enter a code on the other side of the door -- the door slide open revealing a dead eye attendant stand there motionless -- mother move past he into the room -- the child seem to know what she be -- they cover they eye , try not to look at she -- but then a little girl decide to look up -- CUT to : ext . gen-1 settlement - dusk campion sit in the field , cry -- it 's start to get dark -- the cold be come -- but he 's too upset to move , shiver -- and then he hear a booming sound in the sky -- he look up at the triangle of three moon -- and then he spot a fourth light shimmer -- get brighter and brighter -- it 's the ark -- descend in the far distance -- he lose sight of it as it get lower ... then he see a light flash over the horizon as it crash -- a distant booming sound as it explode on impact -- the ground shake ever so slightly -- 63 . ext . rocky plain - night Marcus , still lie where mother leave he , the ground be shaking much more violently here -- he 's awoken by the burn piece of wreckage fall down in the near distance . Marcus touch he hand to he aching head -- see the blood , realize the bullet do not penetrate he skull . he get to he foot -- the ground still shaking -- he hug himself against the cold -- peer around at the darkness , when he notice the reddish glow on the distant horizon -- a gargantuan black smoke cloud rise ... doom blossom in Marcus 's eye as the realization start to sink in ... then he clock a light emerge from the smoke cloud -- it 's he lander -- he look to be wonder if mother be still piloting it -- decide not to take chance -- he crouch behind some rock as it fly overhead -- he watch it disappear into the darkness ... Marcus look around desperately -- clock a big piece of burn wreckage across the way , run up on it -- he crouch by the flame to keep warm , pull a communication device from he uniform -- start try to call -- marcus this be Marcus -- do anybody read I ? no answer ... marcus ( cont 'd ) hello -- be anybody out there ? come in ... Marcus look back at the massive black smoke cloud ... int . child 's barracks - night campion sit on the edge of he wooden cot , wear he night gear , he helmet -- thought flash behind he eye -- perhaps wonder -- as we be -- if he 's now alone ... and then he see the door be open , slowly -- campion mother ? 64 . the door open the rest of the way -- campion see a young girl 's silhouette ... campion ( cont 'd ) mother ? be you do that ? the girl do not answer -- then she look at someone off to the side campion can not see . campion sit up , pull he helmet off , eye wide as he start walk up on she ... it 's the little girl we just see look up at mother -- wear a scorched white uniform with a sun symbol on the chest -- she eye blow out with shock , shiver in the cold ... campion ( cont 'd ) stop this , mother -- then campion see there be four more similarly dress child stand out there with the girl -- five in all . they begin tentatively move inside , desperate to get out of the cold -- all of they eying campion nervously -- baffle now , campion reach out , start touch they like a blind man -- discover they be solid , they be real -- he eye go wide , wonder in he expression -- they stare back at he -- all in total shock . the little girl , vita ( 6 ) , two other girl -- holly ( 15 ) and vrille ( 17 ) . and two boy -- paul ( 12 ) and hunter ( 17 ) . hunter be she go to kill we ? campion look back at they -- it 's obvious from he expression he no longer know the answer to that question ... see they shiver -- campion I will go get you some nightgear from the nursery -- campion rush out into the cold , the door close . the five child look at each other , confuse , terrify -- after a moment , Hunter motion to the other -- get the five of they to kneel in a circle , start to lead they in prayer -- hunter I wear the armor of mithras and the Light . I be shield from all that be harmful -- 65 . Close on Paul as he pray -- a little mouse poke its head out of the pocket of he uniform -- we realize he must be Marcus 's son . ext . children' barracks - continuous campion exit the barrack -- see mother across the way , load something he can not make out into the steal mitraic lander ... she pause , look over at he for a moment -- campion stand there look back at she , stunne until ... mother turn and walk into the lander , the door close behind she . campion watch as it hover up , spin , then zoom over he head into the night sky ... CUT to : ext . alien forest - morning a overhead canopy of strangely shape leave -- we hear mother hum a strange but beautiful song as we descend through the layer and emerge out the bottom to see below we -- Father lie face down on the ground , mother hunch over , work on he -- then after a moment -- mother pause , get up -- revealing Father 's back be open up , skin pin back -- he hard plastic spine visible , look like she replace part of it with mismatch spare part ... Close on a ostrich egg-looking thing -- a orphic processor -- similar to the one mother pull from Father 's inside , partially wrap in a giant leaf -- mother 's hand reach down and -- very carefully -- she lift it up ... mother kneel down beside Father and carefully install the new processor inside he torso ... CUT to : black ... back to : father' Pov he 's regain consciousness -- he eye take a moment to re up ; he see mother crouching in front of he , but she 's highly pixelate ... look like a abstract painting ... 66 . mother the internal distress you be feel be normal . you have have a new processor install -- you need to stay calm or you be go to undo all my hard work -- Close on Father 's face as he start to regulate he breathe -- still struggle to see ... father if you want I to remain calm , mother ... then why be you reactivate I ? Father 's Pov the pixelation be start to normalize -- the image become clearer -- revealing mother have a piece of cloth wrap around she eye , black blood soaking through ... father ( cont 'd ) you eye ... mother I have to remove they -- for the sake of the child ... father the child ? mother yes . campion , and now five more . they come from a ark call Heaven ... Father begin to notice the blood spatter on mother 's clothes , the steal lander behind she , jinn 's scattered body part ( Father 's unwitting organ donor ) -- mother ( cont 'd ) do not worry , Father . we will get it right this time . end of pilot