rambo : first blood part ii by sylvester stallone and James cameron final shoot script fade in : open montage - day the film open with a brief montage of " first blood , " culminate in the police station ... rambo be confront by trautman , who tell rambo he personal war be over . rambo nothing be over !!! ext . rock quarry - day a massive explosion that blow dust into the shot of the SUN . panning down , we be at a quarry where twenty - five harden criminal be slowly reveal by still moving camera . all the well - build man wear the same federal prison clothing . most wear tatter tank top with a large " p " stencile on the back ... five armed guard watch over the convict . we finally pan across the rise and fall of pick and shovel , arriving on a wide back with a array of scar . slowly moving up the back , we reveal rambo swinging a sledge hammer onto a iron wedge sink into the white rock quarry . rambo continue to pound away with deat stroke , finally split the rock . he let he hammer rest at he side and turn to look up at the nearest guard . he nod . the guard nod back and rambo turn and move to a water bucket . he wait for a black convict to finish drink out of a ladle that be attach to a large bucket . closeup - rambo drink and pour a ladleful over the back of he neck . voice John rambo ? rambo look up at a pair of prison guard whose face and body be nearly indistinguishable because of the bright sun that backlight they with a hellish glow . prison guard follow I ... ext . rock quarry - day rambo be lead toward the top of the quarry , flanke by the two prison Guards , pass the prisoner work away ... suddenly , trautman step into view , block rambo 's path . trautman how have you be , johnny ? rambo nod and stare into trautman 's eye . the silence be shatter . trautman ( continue , to the prison Guards ) that 's all ... thanks . the Guards move off . rambo continue he stare . trautman , a little uncomfortable , continue . trautman ( continue ) I be sorry you be send to sucha hellhole . rambo see worse . trautman you have ... have not you ... rambo yeah . trautman johnny ... I tell you I would help you when I could ... you interested ? rambo look off at the distance , watch the Guards hang around off to the side . trautman ( continue , take aback ) you can not possibly want to stay in prison for another five year ? rambo in here I know where I stand . trautman hear I out first . a covert operation be be gear up in the Far East . the computer dig out you name as one of the top three able to accomplish the mission . rambo what mission ? trautman recon for p.o.w. 's in nam . rambo why I ? trautman the prison camp you escape from in ' 71 be the target area -- no one know that terrain better than you . the risk factor be very high . you will be temporarily reinstate in the force ; and if the operation be successful , there may be a congressional pardon ... be you in , John ? rambo 's eye turn into trautman 's . he nod he acceptance . trautman ( continue ) good . I will get the necessary clearance , and the next time we will meet , it will be in Thailand with special op 's designate who will honch the operation . all clear ? trautman shake rambo 's hand and start to turn away . trautman ( continue , pause ) I want you to know I do what I could to keep you out of here . rambo nod ... he believe he ... rambo I know . trautman start to leave . rambo ( continue ) Sir ... do we get to win this time ? trautman this time it 's up to you . trautman study rambo 's calm expression . trautman nod , leave rambo with a sense of miraculous rebirth . dissolve to : ext . bkk ( base camp loc . ) Golden buddha -- crane up to helicopter as it fly by overhead . credit sequence - sunrise the SOUND of a chopper be hear and slowly the chopper 's blade slash into view . the chopper first move across the city of bangkok , then past the canal ... it pass over temple , farmland and oxen . over rice paddy and ascend into the cloud hover above the vast rain forest . int . jet ranger - day - sunrise rambo gaze out the window . ext . thailand jungle and rice field - sunrise in a rollercoaster movement , the chopper clear the mountain top and descend through the morning haze , we see below a military base once use during the war . it still have several building stand and hanger line a airstrip . the majority of base be thai Army with the far end be reserve for american military . ext . base camp - day rambo 's chopper land in a fury of dust and he exit . his hand be cuffed . behind he be a m.p. rambo be greet by a sharp - feature american dress in half - military , half -civilian . the chopper cut its engine . ericson speak with a air of worldly confidence ... ericson you can take they off . rambo study ericson with a rake glance . the cuff be remove ... ericson how ya do , rambo , I be ericson . we better make it over to the hanger . rambo follow along . ericson ( continue ) so you be the choose one . you do not remember I do ya ? we be in boot camp together in ' 63 . you go force , I go ranger ... have not be stateside since ' 72 . plenty of work here . they move towards the hanger . active military personnel head in a multitude of direction . many be take aback by rambo 's strange appearance . ericson ( continue ) you have make a hell of a rep back in nam . anyway , I be glad to be workin ' with ya , and ... this place may not be heaven , but at least you be out of prison . rambo . be I ? int . hanger - day a section of the hanger turn out to be a humming electronic womb . rambo and ericson enter . ericson pretty soon we will all be out of a job . somebody oughta blow it to hell and keep fightin ' simple . in the subdued light , bank of video monitor glow , and the status light of upright computer unit line one wall . work station for tracking , communication , and long - range coordination create a claustrophobic jumble of modular equipment rack . rambo and ericson walk towards the center of the hanger as a few technician stare at rambo 's unkempt , almost savage appearance from several yard away . tech # 1 what 's that ? tech # 2 he 's the one go in ? tech # 1 go in ? he look like he just come out . ericson enter first , follow by rambo . at the far end of the dark , voluminous hanger be trautman . next to he be marshall murdock , a robust thick - set man . murdock dress in he white shirt and half - undone tie , look like a displace corporate type . in the corner be another mercenary name lifer . lifer be unnerve in he silent attitude and ever present sunglass . murdock sweat profusely in the Thailand heat . he speak with a relaxed smoothness with whomever he be address . murdock have a makeshift office set up at the rear of the hanger . as they approach trautman and murdock : trautman ( step forward ) there he be -- ' morning , John . rambo sir. trautman this be Marshall murdock , he be in charge of special operation from Washington . rambo nod and shake he hand . murdock thank you , Colonel ; I have be look forward to meeting you . so how be the trip -- no problem ? rambo shake he head " no . " murdock ( continue ) none except for this damn heat , right ? never feel anything like it . anyway , let 's get down to business -- rambo , I glance through you file and I must say it provide interesting read . ( he open a folder ) rambo , John J. , bear 7/6/47 bowie , Arizona of indian-italian - german descent . join army 8/6/64 . accept , special force specialization , light weapon , cross - train as medic . helicopter and language qualified -- 59 confirm kill -- ericson eye rambo , who remain impassive . murdock ( continue , read ) two Silver star , four bronze , four purple heart , distinguish service Cross , and the Medal of honor ... you do get around , do not you ... incredible . now you be probably aware that there be still nearly twenty - five hundred Americans miss in action in Southeast Asia . most of this boy be presume kill . but to the League of families -- Congress , and to a lot of Americans , it 's still a very emotional issue . ( to ericson ) get I something cold , please . ericson open a Coke machine by turn the key that be in the front of the machine and reach inside . murdock rambo , you certainly do not know as much about I as I do about you , but I be honch with the second battalion , third Marines at kom tum in sixty - six and lose a lot of good man , so I know what you and every vet feel . maybe the government do not care , maybe certain sector of the public do not care but my committee care . it may have be a bad war , but the man be not bad . rambo nod . trautman so what he committee need be conclusive proof that Americans be be hold . murdock present rambo with a photograph . murdock ( override ) and once do , you can be assure we will get we man back ... ( rapidly ) if there 's any of we man leave at the p.o.w. targer camp you will confirm they presence by take photograph . rambo photograph ? murdock just photograph . then you turn that photo over to I . rambo ( to trautman ) I be suppose to leave they ? murdock ( to ericson ) not exactly -- the phrase two Delta Force assault team lead by Colonel trautman will handle the extraction . murdock step up and be backlit as he confront rambo . he shake rambo 's hand . murdock ( continue ) anyway , I want to say that with you participation I feel this mission have a better than average chance of succeed where other have fail ... I will meet you both at the operation center in one hour . murdock and ericson exit . rambo stare at he exite . the tension be break by trautman 's voice . trautman let 's move . ext . hanger - day trautman and rambo pass a tent - like camouflage under which a all - black agusta 109 helicopter ominously . it have no marking and content of screen from view . lifer be attend to the trautman from Thailand , across Laos , into the mountain of Vietnam to the drop zone . you will be fly a ceiling of 250 foot when you bail out , can you handle it ? rambo canopy squat which be chopper . give it a try -- trautman the code name for the insertion and extraction flight team be " dragonfly " ; home base " Wolf de , " you code name if " Lone Wolf . " since you be go solo , you be go to have to rely upon more equipment than you have ever use before , and use it -- so what I be sayin ' be , do not try the " blood and gut " routine , let technology do most of the work . if you need assistance , call for it . rambo let you finger do the walk . trautman ( smile ) . affirmative . they head out of the canopy area and back toward the rambo glance over he shoulder at a ultra - modern supersonic jet paint black . trautman ( continue ) there 's you ride . hanger - day rambo and trautman enter . rambo look around curiously at all the electronic equipment . trautman all of this be for you . murdock , ericson and lifer approach from the rear of rambo and trautman . murdock impress ? rambo look around . murdock ( continue ) besides the monitoring device you see here , you will be issue every ultra-modern piece of equipment to insure you safety . ( gesture at the hum equipment ) rambo , you can feel totally safe because today we have the most advanced weapon in the world available to we . rambo I believe the mind be the best weapon . murdock Times change . rambo for some people . ericson . amen . ericson smile and continue to walk . lifer watch rambo with casual indifference , as if try to size he up . murdock this be true -- do not let I interrupt , Colonel -- rambo gaze around as if in another world . trautman upon insertion , call in to base camp by transat -- proceed to Point Hawk September for rendezvous with ground contact -- indigenous agent co bao . glance at rambo who appear oblivious to the Colonel 's instruction . murdock speak to trautman but do not think rambo can overhear he . murdock be he listen ? rambo ( softly ) indigenous agent co bao . rambo give he a cold stare and head outside . murdock Colonel , be you sure he 's not still unbalance from the war ? we can not afford to have anyone involved who might crack under pressure in that hell . trautman pressure ? let I just say that rambo 's the best combat vet I have ever see . a pure fight machine with only a desire , to win a war someone else lose , and if win mean he have to die , he will die . no fear . no regret ... one more thing ... what you choose to call " Hell " , he call home . trautman walk away . murdock shoot lifer a meaningful glance . ericson notice this . tight on turbo jet intake - night a black maw . the vane begin to turn . the rise whine become a steady roar . int . rambo' quarter - night in the darken room , rambo 's presence be highlight by shadow as he intently sharpen he knife . extreme closeup on rambo 's eye then the blade as it drag across the grind stone . on peregrine - wider as the blue FIRE roar in the exhaust throat . int . rambo' quarter - night extreme closeup of what appear to be boot be tie on . ext . peregrine - night under the beam of floodlight a ground crew smoothly but quickly remove a fueling hose . int . rambo' quarter - night rambo be look down the telescope and sight of a assault rifle . ext . peregrine - night the pilot , one be ericson , go through a equipment check in the cockpit ... closeup of control panel , lifer int . rambo' quarter - tight on rambo' hand - night as he push .45 hollow point slug into a clip and jam the .45 which the camera follows past he face and into he holster ... int . hanger tent - night everyone sit at they respective station -- tension penetrate the room . murdock be flanke by a pair of army communication technician . loudspeaker d-minus 10 minute . murdock remain expressionless . int . rambo' quarter - tight on knife - night a closeup of the knife be pick up and place in the sheath . int . jet cockpit - night ericson be make some final equipment check on the dashboard . ericson the Prince of darkness . lifer what ? ericson that be he nickname in nam -- " Prince of darkness ' . at night he would go out alone and hunt cong , then come back at dawn ... no question ask . man have style . ext . airfield - night dollying before rambo and trautman . Blue and red taxi light send strobe flash of color across they face as they approach the aircraft . he be burden by what seem to be a mountain of high - tech military communication equipment . trautman thirty -six hour to get the hell in and out , so do not stop to smell the rose , okay ? if there be any trouble , try like hell to get to the Hawk September extraction sight mark on you map . rambo nod " yes " . ericson ( yell above the roar ) ready to roll , Colonel . trautman good luck , son . rambo ( low , but hard ) remember when murdock say he be with second battalion , third Marines at kom tum in ' 66 ... trautman nod . rambo ( continue ) the second battalion be at kud sank . trautman let that sink in then pat rambo 's shoulder . a relaxed lifer help rambo aboard . lifer all set ? rambo yeah . lifer let 's go . ericson give rambo a " thumb up " gesture ... rambo return the gesture . ext . airfield - night the aircraft hurtle down the runway , gather speed . the nose pick up . it clear the end of the runway and then the treeline by a few foot . ext . airfield - night trautman watch the jet start its takeoff and slowly ascend into the night . murdock step into frame next to he . trautman think he will find someone ? murdock p.o.W.'s ... doubtful ... but there 's people to satisfy . question that have to be answer . trautman you do not sound too emotional about it . murdock it be not my war , Colonel . I be just here to clean up the mess . murdock look up at the sky and report as trautman continue to watch the plane disappear into the night . ext . peregrine - night a sleek silhouette above the moonlit forest , the jet flash across the roll terrain just above the treetop . int . cockpit - night ericson use hud ( head up display ) that reflect the instrument off the front windshield . this device permit a pilot to fly without ever have to look down at he instrument . int . passenger compartment rambo check he equipment , prepare for the jump . int . hanger - night murdock and trautman be hunch at the main console . technician awac two -five have acquire . they be hold time line ... affirmative Wolf de ... over . int . hanger - night trautman watch the glow dot represent the jet crawl almost imperceptibly across a computer generate grid map of Central Laos . it be reflect in he eye . ext . peregrine - moving with it - dawn as it slice through a twist canyon like a knife . as it slither between mountainous flank -- still move incredibly close to the earth 's contour . int . passenger compartment - dawn rambo methodically check he burdensome pack and harness , seemingly oblivious to the insanity outside . ericson ( v.0 . ) ( filter ) back in the badland , my man . even the impassive rambo be affect as he realize he be back " in country . " lifer hold on to the side of the plane 's interior as he move to he position at the exit door . lifer Party time . ericson ( v.0 . ) stand by you position -- insertion , minus fifteen second . rambo unbuckle and half - crawl to the open door . ext . peregrine ( ground to AIR ) - dawn int . passenger compartment the ready light change from red to yellow . rambo hook up he static line . ericson ( v.0 . ) five second , four , three , two . jumper away . read light turn to green . rambo be go . ext . peregrine - dawn rambo 's static line suddenly get hang up . his equipment be tangle and rambo be be drag through the sky . int . cockpit - dawn a alarm SOUND and ericson nearly jump up . ericson ( into mike to lifer ) shit ! what 's happen ? int . hanger - dawn all present hear the transmission from ericson . ext . peregrine - dawn rambo 's helmet be tear off by the incredible wind velocity . rambo can no longer breath . int . passenger compartment - dawn lifer try to free rambo 's entanglement from the inside but cannot . lifer he 's hang up ! ericson he will be tear apart !! int . hanger - dawn murdock have the headset on . trautman what 's happen ?! int . jet ericson ( fill with panic ) condition Red ! he 's hang up !? int . hanger murdock what do you mean " hang up " ?! ericson he 's be drag ! lifer cut he loose . lifer can not reach he ! -- pull out before we get kill !! ext . peregrine - dawn rambo manage to grasp he knife and with he other hand pull a strap away from he body and cut it ... a pack of equipment blow away ... along with it , he rifle ... int . cockpit - dawn Pov of mountain approach . int . cockpit - dawn ericson eye the radar screen . murdock ( v.0 . ) ericson , abort mission ! pull out ! ericson it will kill he to change course ! int . passenger compartment - dawn lifer look out , see the mountain . lifer pull out you bastard ! climb ! ext . peregrine - Pov - dawn the mountain range be dead ahead on a collision course . ext . jet - rambo - dawn rambo cut the second strap and more equipment disappear . rambo strain to wedge he body forward and in a final effort break free of the jet . ext . jet - rambo rambo fall away from the plane . int . passenger compartment - dawn lifer be be ravage by the deafening roar and the wind force , and shield he eye as he watch rambo break free . lifer he 's out ! ext . peregrine - dawn the jet veer skyward . int . cockpit - dawn ericson ( to himself ) out where ? ext . sky rambo fall . his chute explode open . ext . sky - dawn closeup of rambo as chute open . rambo' Pov of ground approach . rambo approach the treetop and disappear through they . rambo hit the ground and roll down slope . rambo stop roll by hit a massive tree trunk . ext . jungle - dawn forebode darkness be everywhere . furtive . timeless . rambo be lie on he side , badly shake . he look around to get some sense of bear and then begin to gather in he chute . int . peregrine - dawn ericson and lifer in cockpit . ericson what 's happen back there ? lifer malfunction . ericson eye he . int . hanger - day the chief telecom tech turn to murdock . technician nothing 's come in from rambo . trautman dragonfly , this be Wolf de , over . dragonfly , do you read ? ericson ( v.0 . ) this be dragonfly one , over . int . peregrine - day ericson and lifer head homeward . trautman ( v.o. ) any visual bearing ? ericson negative . int . hanger - day trautman look at murdock . ericson ( v.0 . ) we do not see anything . ext . rain forest - clearing - day rambo squat , study he waterproof map . he check he compass in the knife 's handle . after a quick look around , he get to he foot , and slip into the jungle . ext . rain forest - day rambo move through the jungle . int . hanger - day trautman stand with murdock . murdock maybe the smart thing to do be abort the mission now before there 's any more complication . I mean who could have survive something like that ? trautman he 's get to be give the benefit of the doubt . he have 36 hour to carry out the mission and reach the extraction site , we owe he that . murdock of course we do -- but understand in 36 hour we pull out . ext . rain forest - day - later rambo head quickly up a steep trail over the ridgeline above . following rambo - hand - held - day as he move along a narrow game trail . shapes loom out of the mist , reveal as harmless trunk of vine only at the last second . ext . jungle - day rambo be half run along , then pause ... he hear movement and freeze . in one deadly movement he whip the knife around and a slicing SOUND be hear ... turn around he see the suspend body of a decapitate writhe snake hang from a branch ... he replace he knife and move on . ext . hillside - day running to the top of the rise , the trail open out onto a plateau-like clear area . rambo pause to catch he breath . ahead , wreathe in vine , loom from the mist , the ruin of a wat . wider as rambo walk into the atrium of a ruin " wat , " or Buddhist temple . ext . ruins of wat - day serene despite the ravage of century , two stone buddhas sit flanking the stair to the ruin temple . tree and vine all but obscure the crack and tumble form of ornately carve wall . the central courtyard be open to the sky . spire-like structure be dimly visible in the fog beyond . move in the shadow , rambo walk through the ruin noiselessly . rambo sense movement and lung to the side draw he pistol and go into a combat ready stance . the figure in the undergrowth take shift position . rambo take up a new position . what appear to be a viet soldier shift position again ; likewise rambo . ext . wat - day rambo move with surprising grace through the undergrowth ... his quarry also move with amazing swiftness ... this chess game go on for several more move . ext . wat - closeup - stranger - day we be not able to distinguish any recognizable feature . one thing for certain ; this person be carry a AK - 47 rifle ... the stranger turn and bring the rifle into view . rambo 's knife slashes into view ... he jerk the soldier 's head back , prepare to cut he throat ... the stranger 's hat fall off and long hair tumble out . co ( viet / subtitle ) do not kill I ! rambo freeze and behold a diminutive vietnamese woman of about 28 . she be absolutely beautiful , wide wide , expressive eye and a strong but sensuous mouth which be now parte in freeze fear . co ( continue , viet subtitle ) let I go , please ! rambo ( viet / subtitle ) who be you ? co ( viet / subtitle ) co bao -- be you the one they send ? rambo ? rambo nod . co ( continue ) I be hide -- you do not come on time . I think you one of mercenary still here . you do not expect a woman , no ? ( in break English ) better speak English , yes ? rambo nod ... co rise and stand before rambo , almost a head short than he . her lithe figure be not entirely conceal by she loose black " pajamas . " rambo we better get move . co yes , we go to river ... ( they start off ) why you so late ? rambo ( dryly ) get hang up . ext . river trail - day with co lead the way through a maze of aimless game trail , she and rambo make they way parallel to a modest river , the can . co I have arrange transportation down river -- old route not safe . rambo study she face . then they move off . ext . river - marshy inlet - day crudely fashioned hut of corrugate sheet metal and bamboo wall among the naked tree root in a brackish inlet off the main river . out on the edge overhange the river be two man , drunk and loudly speak . possibly two of the most misbegotten specimen ever see . modern day pirate . they suspiciously eye co and rambo as they approach from along the riverbank . Exchange a few quick syllable , and co turn , motion rambo forward into the hut . co Salt of the earth , yes ? rambo Pirates ? co best way down river -- not get army suspicious . int . pirate hut - day the sunlight filter into the dusty , dark hut , which be nothing more than a de of eight incredibly vicious - look thief ... most of they drink and smoke ... two wear - out river whore be present . every conceivable space be cramme with scavenge or loot detritus : ammo case , hubcap , radio , a tv with no back , several gun , and a shotgun be see among the junk . some of the pirate be smoking opium . wearing all manner of jewelry , include four wristwatch and a pair of filthy western -style jeans a size too large , captain trong kinh grin and motion they in . the grin reveal bare gum where he upper front tooth would be . kinh ( viet / subtitle ) wa-ky number one . you come number one sampan. co ( viet / subtitle ) thank you , Captain , for you hospitality . kinh ( viet / subtitle ) this be the man who want to go down river . ( laugh ) you speak viet ? rambo pretend like he be ignorant . co he do not understand . kinh ( viet / subtitle ) you have money ? co half now ... half later . co hand over a wad of american money ... kinh smile but be not happy about the financial arrangement and bark some command to the loung pirate . kinh ( viet / subtitle ) we leave now . it 's safer -- ( he offer co a drink from the bottle ) . want a drink ? good for you . he smile , and start out the door . ext . sampan cabin - day rambo , co and two of kinh 's croney sit in the dim interior . kinh you stay here -- you want a drink ? he offer the bottle again ... co shake she head no . rambo what about patrol boat ? co look at kinh who smile and open a greasy wooden locker and take out Russian - make r.p.g. rocket launcher ... int . sampan - kinh - day kinh return the weapon to the locker and smile at co . kinh we will have no problem . he laugh and exit . int . sampan - rambo - day rambo face co . co you want to rest ? they speak English which have the pirate stare curiously . rambo shake he head " no . " co ( continue ) that settles that -- we eat , yes ? co pull a food tube off she shoulder , she unroll the rubber tree leave and expose some rice . rambo take the rice on the side of he knife . co ( continue ) you be welcome . rambo ( redden ) . want it back ? co no , you eat -- how you get into this ? rambo Long story . co Long ride . rambo shake he head " no . " rambo how about you ? co my father work for intelligence agency -- he kill , and I take he place -- too much death here . death everywhere ... I just want to live , rambo . what you want ? rambo shrug . rambo to win , to survive . co to survive . rambo nod . co ( continue ) not so easy to survive here -- still war here . rambo to survive war , you have to become war . co that why they pick you because you like to fight ? rambo shake he head " no . " rambo I be expendable . co ex-pend-a-ble ? rambo know what it mean ? co do not tell I ... it mean if you invite to party and you do not show up , it do not matter ? yes ? rambo study she face and slowly nod . rambo look at the medallion around she neck . co ( continue ) it bring I good luck -- what bring you good luck ? rambo slowly reach down and wrap he finger around the butt of he knife then glance over at the loung pirate ... co gather he meaning . ext . CA river - dusk the water be coppery , silhouett the sampan as it glide down the river . int . hanger - murdock' office section - day murdock sit behind he desk . lifer sit in the corner nearby drink a soda ... trautman enter ... murdock look up . ericson be present . trautman any further report ? murdock none so far . trautman I want to go out with the extraction team at dawn . murdock denied . trautman denied ? murdock it 's too dangerous . ericson he deserve a chance . lifer eye ericson and exhales out he cigarette smoke . murdock Colonel , we be a team here . it 's everyone 's worry -- I just think all thing consider it 's a unnecessary risk . trautman we have a schedule to keep . murdock with who ? we do not even know if rambo 's alive . lifer the odd be against it . trautman look , you say we go through as plan . murdock but , if you want to go through with it , we will ! ( to ericson ) the Colonel will be join the extraction team ... you be a good man , trautman . trautman give he a curious look and exit . ext . sampan river - dusk the sampan glide toward the shore . the pirate prepare for landing . ext . sampan rivershore - dusk rambo and co appear on deck , ready to disembark . they jump off the boat , landing in water about knee deep and head toward the jungle . co ( to kinh ) you wait here ... we come back , then pay rest ... ext . forest - dusk rambo and co move through the forest ... dissolve to a different elevation and angle as they continue to travel . ext . swamp - night ext . prison camp - night as they reach a clear rise , camera boom up over the shoulder of the embankment to reveal a extraordinary compound beyond ... dark , except for the moonlight . ext . prison camp - rambo' Pov - night rambo and co watch from concealment in the foliage . ext . prison camp - rambo' Pov - night look between leave , scan the prison camp . two guard tower be uniquely build into tree that grow diagonally at opposite corner of the compound . there be a maze of roll barb wire on wooden post enclose the area and a main gate with a sentry box , that be build into the hollow of a tree . Three wooden barrack form a U , around the large but conceal open in the side of a rock formation . a1l this can be near a riverbank or swamp . the camp be totally original in its oppressive design , and contrary to the way most prison camp be depict in bright open area . this one be dark and recess into the hellish terrain . co ( 0.s. ) look empty . ext . prison camp - rambo and CO - night co we should move closer . she start to move and almost step on a booby trap but rambo place a hand on she shoulder to stop she . ext . prison camp - MAIN gate - night a young woman on a lambretta scooter pull up to the entry shack . ext . prison camp rambo and CO - night they listen to the conversation ( in vietnamese ) . co say : co cyclo-girl whore from village . Business slow there . ( listen more ) she make he good deal ... very good deal . ext . prison camp - MAIN gate - night the guard open the gate and the girl go inside . ext . prison camp - rambo and CO - night now rambo pick up he cylindrical pouch and open it . he pull out a collapsible bow . co what be it ? rambo a bow -- no sound . co that all you have ? CUT to : ext . prison camp - guard tower - night the tower guard now converse with another guard pass beneath the tower . ext . prison camp - extreme closeup - rambo - night rambo have complete assemble the bow . ext . prison camp - rambo and CO - night rambo screw on a vicious-looking razor - sharp arrow-head . co you not go in there ? -- but I think you be suppose only to take picture . rambo rise . co ( continue ) what about order ? rambo out here order stop and people start . CUT to : ext . prison camp - rambo - night dollying with rambo at ground level as he crawl to the wire . and leveraging he knife against the edge of the post and rusting barb wire , slice through the metal . ext . prison camp - CO - night moving with co as she belly crawl to the edge of the clear area , just a few yard from the wire . she be right under the guard tower , hide among the fern . ext . prison camp - guard tower - night the guard sit in a bored fashion and stare at nothing in particular . ext . p.o.w. barracks - night rambo crawl to door of p.0o . W. barrack , look , open door and look into empty room . rambo' Pov of empty p.o.w. barracks all grow with vegetation . ext . prison camp - night he reach the guard building . hug it . carry only the bow and a quiver of arrow he move like a snake . rambo raise one eye slowly over a window ledge . Inside several guard sleep soundly under mosquito netting . they rifle be stack against the far wall . ext . under guard barracks # 2 - night music be hear . moving with rambo as he move along the shadow . he freeze as a light be snap on . it stream down through crack between the slat . move very slowly , rambo squint through a gap . ext . under guard barracks # 2 - rambo' Pov - sgt . tay - night tay pick up a warm bottle of beer and open it . the foam now run onto the floor . the cyclo girl sit in the b.g. he push she toward a cot and bark something in vietnamese . the light snap off . rambo move on . ext . rear vinh' quarter - night as rambo crawl under a hammock stretch between the barrack and rock with someone sleep in the hammock . ext . prisoner ' cave - night rambo move to the cave- like entrance and move several foot into the recess of the cave . int . prisoner ' cave - night once inside he remove a thin flashlight and direct its thin red beam toward the SOUND of labored breathing . he see a large bamboo cell build into the moldy wet cave . he move closer and see -- int . prisoner ' cave - night five american p.0o . W.' be see through the bar . they be gaunt , scabrous . dress in rag peasant clothes too small for they . one man , bath in sweat , moan and toss with malarial fever . another be wrap so tightly in a fetal position he face be between he knee . they sleep on mattress of rubber leave ... rat move among they . int . prisoner cave - night rambo hear groaning sound come from the darkness outside the cave , he move toward it . ext . p.o.w. camp - cross - night outside of the cave and nestle near a pigsty , isa prisoner suspend from a bamboo cross . he be ghostly white ; a live skeleton ... his wrist be clamp ina wooden stock . blood run down from abrade sore . he open he eye when rambo touch he broomstick neck feel for a pulse . his lip be parched and there be a horrible bruise around one eye . rambo move to he . rambo come to get you out -- the prisoner manage to raise he hand , open he eye a little more . prisoner you american ? rambo quickly cut the lashing on the bamboo cross . rambo do not talk -- do not move . rambo hoist he gaunt frame over he shoulder and head off in a crouching run . bank there be other -- rambo . we will come back . ext . bridge - low angle guard # 1 we pan up to he reacting to a noise . he turn on he search light and pan it slowly across the camp . ext . bridge - high angle over shoulder guard # 1 - night the search light pan the camp and stop as ... ext . close two - shot rambo & bank near river - night the beam of light fully illuminate they . c.u. guard # 1 react to a laser dot that pin point he chest . c.u. rambo as he fire arrow . close guard # 1 the arrow hit he and he fall from the bridge . the light point straight down illuminate he body . ext . river p.o.w. camp - night rambo and bank wade into the river . ext . hut near river - night Guard # 2 come from a small hut toward the river . ext . river - rambo & bank - night rambo react and throw he knife . ext . river - guard # 2 - night die quickly , silently . close guard # 3 he sense movement and swing he light around ( he have not turn it on yet . ) ext . p.o.w. camp - rambo - night he 's move fairly quick with the p.o.w . the sickly man start to emit a wrack cough . ext . p.o.w. camp - guard tree tower - night the numbe guard be alert and in a listless manner turn on he light and flash it in rambo 's direction . as the light slowly swing around , it fully illuminate rambo . ext . p.o.w. camp - rambo - night a shocking vision of rambo , bow fully extend aim directly at the guard 's heart ... rack focus from the jag arrow point to rambo 's eye . the arrow be fire . ext . guard tree tower - night the guard slump forward with a arrow through he chest . he fall on the light that now shine skyward . ext . p.o.w. camp - night co watch with grow apprehension as she see the guard 's light angle oddly downward . ext . p.o.w. camp - patrol guard - night the patrol guard spy the oddly angle light and yell something to the guard . he flip on he light and aim it at Tower # 1 and see that he comrade be dead . ext . p.o.w. camp - night rambo be hide against tay 's barrack with bank when all of a sudden the light come on in the barrack the spill illuminate he . rambo duck . ext . p.o.w. camp - night patrol guard react to rambo 's movement and notice rambo against the barrack . he 's about to yell as rambo kill he with he throw knife . rambo lunge on the staggering guard and pull he from view . ext . tay' quarter - over rambo - night sgt . tay come out of he shack and look . the whore pull he back . american music come from a scratch record continue . rambo move into the shadow . ext . p.o.w. camp - night rambo carry bank , walk by a latrine , the door suddenly swing open almost hit then in the face as a prison guard exit and walk directly toward he barrack , and disappear inside . ext . p.o.w. camp - night co seem to have lose sight of rambo . she scan the camp to the treeline and back . wham ! a boot foot smashes down on she arm . she look up at ... a North vietnamese guard who hold a AK - 47 in she face . co stare nervously at he . there be a hissing SOUND , then a dull ripping SOUND . co look up to see ... the guard be paralyze by the arrow lodge in he neck and pin he to a tree . rambo and bank appear from the undergrowth , bow in rambo 's hand . rambo let 's move . rambo take the guard 's side arm and place it in he waistband . ext . swamp - dawn rambo and co carry bank . rambo set he down . rambo can you walk ? bank I think so -- bank stop and look at he two rescuer , he eye darting back and forth in they hollow socket . bank ( continue ) who be you ? co he be rambo . I be Co. bank bank -- Lieutenant -- Air Force . co . we must get to the river ... fast ! bank sit freeze for a moment . bank ( on the verge of tear ) thank you ... you be a miracle . ext . p.o.w. camp - dawn a stocky sergeant of the Guard stand over the partially conceal body of the guard rambo kill . he raise he whistle and send a shrill blast across the camp . ext . p.o.w. camp - cross - dawn a guard discover bank miss and yell to the rest of the guard . ext . swamp - dawn rambo carry bank through the swamp with co close behind they . ext . hanger - dawn lifer , and the ground crew be remove the camouflage canopy from the agusta 109 helicopter . the turbine be warming up with a ascend whine . ericson and trautman , f.g. , turn as tech run toward they . tech you have clearance . trautman minus one hour to extraction . ericson ( scowling at he watch ) we be probably just waste fuel . trautman let 's get move ! ext . forest - day a squad of viet soldier be move rapidly through the forest , look for sign of the escape prisoner . sgt. tay be supervise the search . ext . sampan river bank - day rambo carry bank and co arrive at the sampan pretty much as they leave it . the pirate keep watch . ext . sampan river bank - rambo - day rambo and co start to help bank aboard the junk . then co climb aboard . rambo be still in the water . co l.z. two k 's up river . bank good thing you come when you do . co why 's that . bank they move we around a lot ... to harvest crop . only be there a week . rambo ( confuse ) only a week ? rambo be alert by this information . bank ( nod and catch he breath ) yes. co when last time you in camp here ? bank maybe a year ... hey , what year be it ? co 1984 ... Camp suppose to be empty ? bank be shake . co ( continue ) something not good about mission , uh , rambo ? rambo be start to put two and two together as he climb aboard . ext . rain forest - day at treetop level the all - black helicopter roar down a forest valley at 180 mph . ext . river bank - day the viet soldier arrive at the shore and see the sampan in a distance too far to shoot at . ext . river bank - tay - day as tay be talk on the radio , obviously notify superior that the prisoner be escape via the sampan . int . sampan - day rambo watch through a chink in the sheet of the cabin as the hostile landscape roll past ... rambo be alert by the faint but grow SOUND of a boat engine . rambo move closer to the slat in the side of the sampan and peer out ... strain he eye because of the difficult angle he become startle when a heavily equip gunboat appear from around a bend in the river ... the boat be once property of the U.S. navy . before rambo can turn the two pirate have weapon in he back , and neck . one pirate jerk rambo 's .45 free and stashes it in he waistband . co be alert and try to get to she foot . one of the pirate kick she down and take she AK - 47 . bank be hold down at gun point . co what have happen ? rambo we be sell out . ext . sampan - day kinh wave a black piece of cloth from a stick and the boat draw closer . kinh yell at another pirate to take the helm as he go inside . int . sampan - day kinh appear and he friendly smile be go . rambo still remain freeze with a old high standard auto shotgun lodge against the back of he head . kinh Whore ! kinh slap co viciously ... closeup of rambo slowly move he hand imperceptibly toward he back . kinh ( continue ) you help this -- american pig ! he slap rambo , who use the moment to catch one pirate off guard and kill he with he knife . then throw the knife into pirate # 2 's heart . int . sampan - day rambo pick up the auto shotgun and fire . ext . sampan - day kinh see this panic and head out of the cabin . then suddenly explode from the threshold and sprawl like a rag doll across the deck . ext . gunboat - river - day the military man become alert and hasten toward the sampan ... the Captain yell a order to prepare to shoot . ext . sampan - deck - day rambo appear on deck with a vengeance ... he blow three more pirate away with deadly shotgun blast . int . sampan - day co see the outline of another pirate rush toward rambo and firing through the bamboo , blow he clear off the boat . ext . gunboat - day on the gunboat the Captain command he gunner to fire . ext . sampan - day the shell hit the bow , ten foot from rambo , destroy the front of the boat ... rambo ( to co ) get to the shore ! ext . sampan - day another explosion on deck that nearly find the mark ... the boat be sink fast . int . sampan - rambo - day rambo enter the cabin ... he flip open the locker and pull out the r.p.g. rocket launcher . int . sampan - CO - day co be firing wildly at the patrol boat that be bear down with surprising speed . rambo ( furiously ) take he and jump ! rambo shoulder the r.p.g. and take aim . int . sampan - CO and bank - day co sling she rifle across she shoulder and take charge of bank head out of the cabin . ext . sampan - day co jump into the brown water with bank . ext . gunboat - day the Captain be about to yell " Fire . " int . sampan - day rambo 's finger tighten around the trigger and the weapon belches a awesome flame . ext . gunboat - day the shot be perfect and the superstructure on the deck explode into the sky , kill everyone ... but the patrol boat be out of control and be about to ram the sampan . int . sampan - day see this inferno bear down on they , rambo sprint at full run , grab he knife out of the dead pirate , pick up he black bow pouch and lunge out of the cabin like a jungle cat . ext . sampan - rambo - day rambo appear on deck and dive into the river as the patrol boat be barely inch away . ext . river - day the gunboat and the sampan collide with a mighty roar , as rambo just break the water 's surface . ext . river bank - viet soldier - day a group of North vietnamese soldier at the river bank hear the explosion of the boat and head off in that direction . ext river - rambo - day he surface and glance back at the burn debris then for the whereabouts of co and bank . he spy they on the shoreline . ext . riverbank - day co and bank still out of breath , move out of anxiety than exhaustion . rambo join they . bank study rambo with awe . co knew you be a good man . rambo shoulder bank . rambo let 's move . they start off . ext . moving with the a109 - day as it rise and drop with the terrain . int . a109 - day once again ericson be fly . he put the landing skid through the treetop . trautman sit behind the seat in the main bay . the AIR roar in the open door and lifer , on door gun , dangle he leg in the windstream . the rain forest be a dim blur very close below . lifer rack the bolt on he m - 60 and grin . trautman nod politely and look at he watch . CUT to : ext . rain forest - near rice paddy - day rambo 's group head for the elevate landing zone . the vista be quite stun as the cold light suffuse the rain forest , give it a haunt quality . rambo scan the ridge line with intense concentration . ext . rice paddy - rambo' Pov - day figure of twenty or more vietnamese soldier can be see thread upward among the tree . ext . rice paddy - day rambo hand he quiver and bow to co . rambo I will not be needin ' it now ... Trade you . she hand over the rifle . rambo ( continue ) there 's explosive in the pouch . co it better I stay till end . rambo this be the end . co I want to stay ... now we have chance , why do not you take I back ? rambo where ? co America ... you can do if you want -- take I back as wife ... you do not have to live with . just help I get away from this . rambo I come for p.o.w. 's -- how would it look if I come back with a wife ? co look like you hell of a man . rambo shake he head " no . " co ( continue , softly ) what the matter ? not allow to feel -- maybe dead inside already . do not we die soon enough . just think I would ask . a long look exchange between rambo and co , then co kiss he cheek and turn to head off along a diverge trail . she turn . co ( continue ) rambo ... you not expendable . rambo watch she go and then turn to bank . rambo let 's go . int . a109 - day trautman watch over ericson 's shoulder as the helicopter roar between the wall of the mountain pass . the ship be buffete by turbulence , bounce and drop violently . ericson ( turn ) Three minute . the steep slope fall away and ericson dive the ship across the roll foothills . ext . rice paddy - day rambo be crouch with bank beside a large tree . they be take automatic weapon FIRE from the tree nearby . spurt of earth leap up around they . rambo fire a short , control burst down at the ascend troops . ext . rice paddy - day sgt . tay be eyeing rambo and bank through binocular as they move further up the hill . ext . rice paddy - tay' Pov of rambo and bank . ext . rice paddy - day NVA regular set up mortar . roughly aim . they FIRE with a characteristic whump . ext . rice paddy - day the Americans duck as a mortar round explode behind they , tear down tree . ext . a109 - day in the distance rambo and bank be see . they be surround . they move out of the tree line into a sparsely vegetate area that run along the very ridge of the tower hill . the chopper open fire with its machine gun and the NVA soldier back off . int . a109 - on trautman - day as he react to below . ericson be fire the machine gun . trautman that 's rambo ! -- Christ , he 's find one . relay the command . rambo 's find one of ours ! int . hanger - day murdock be pace behind the main console . telecom tech Mr. murdock ... I have a awac relay . dragonfly report the ground team have what appear to be a american p.o.w. with they . murdock 's reaction be unexpected . he whip around . murdock what do you say ? telecom tech ( grin ) they have get one of ours . int . hanger - tight on murdock - day as a look of calm be replace by mount rage . murdock ( loudly ) this station be now on condition bravo . Harrison ! meyer ! goodell ! out ... now ! the puzzle tech drop they headsets and leave . murdock ( continue , to tech ) go to you comint priority push . give I the mike ... dragonfly , this be Wolf de six . this be a alpha- kilo- Victor command priority . ericson ( v.0 . ) ( filter ) Roger , Wolf de six ... go ahead . murdock I want you to abort the operation immediately . I say again , abort . this be a recall , confirm , over . int . a109 - day the man have impassive expression . ericson say again , Wolf de six . he press the helmet - headphone tight to he ear , then turn to trautman , cupping he hand over the mike . ericson ( continue , to trautman ) I have be order to abort before pickup . trautman he must be crazy ! confirm it ! ericson confirmation 's not necessary . trautman ( grab a microphone ) murdock , for Christ sake , we have they in sight ! murdock ! do you read ?!! we be go down . lifer you be not go anywhere . lifer hold a rifle in they direction . trautman what the Hell be you do ?! ericson can not do that . trautman that 's a order ! ericson ( implacable ) we be independent contractor . we take we order from who 's pay . trautman goddamn mercenary ! there 's man down there ! we man ! lifer not we man , you man ! do not bea hero . trautman reach for he holster .45 , a voice stop he . lifer do not . trautman turn and see lifer aim a rifle not exactly at he but not away either . ext . rice paddy - day rambo half - support bank with one arm and fire he AK with the other . the rifle be empty and he drop it . mortar round explode on all side . they watch the a109 skim in low across the tree top , almost to they ... hover and then ... it veer in a tight bank and climb out . head away . the dust swirl around they . a mortar shell land so close it knock they down . ext . rice paddy - day - closeup - rambo as he look at ericson . closeup of ericson . ext . rice paddy frame against the grey sky , rambo watch as the a109 diminish over he shoulder until it 's a black dot . he be so consume with rage that he expression go slack ... blank ... a murderous disconnection from conscience . bank look stunne , lose . he sag to one knee . rambo just keep look in the direction of the a109 . ext . rice paddy - NVA - day from both side the NVA soldier advance like ant to the top of the ridge ... ext . rice paddy - rambo - day rambo glance down almost disdainful then back at the nearly diminish chopper . ext . rain forest - hill nearby - day co , watch from behind foliage , as the NVA 's converge on rambo and bank . her expression enigmatic . she turn and disappear into the forest . int . murdock' quarter - day murdock be pour scotch over ice in a glass as the door behind he bang OPEN . trautman be furious . trautman what be you do ? do you know what the hell you have do ?!! murdock stand up quickly , a glass of scotch in he hand . murdock do not act so innocent , Colonel . you have you suspicion , and if you suspect then , you be sort of a accessory , be not you ? trautman smashes the glass from he hand . trautman do not ever count I with you and you scum . it be a lie , be not it ? just like the whole damn war , a lie ! murdock what be you talk about ? trautman the camp be suppose to be empty . rambo go in ... a former decorate vet . he find no p.o.w. 's . the Congress busy it , case close . if he get catch , no one know he 's alive except you and you computer , and you can reprogram that , can not you ? murdock who do you think you be talk to , trautman ? trautman a stinking bureaucrat try to cover he ass ! murdock not just mine , trautman , a nation 's ! it be you hero 's fault . if you " warrior " have do what the hell he be tell , we would be out of this clean and simple . all he be suppose to do be to take picture ! trautman and if the picture show something they would have be lose , would not they ?! murdock be terribly on edge . murdock look , I do not think you understand what this be all about , trautman ! trautman same as it always be , money . in '72 we be suppose to pay the " cong " four and a half billion in war reparation , we renege , and they keep the p.o.w. 's , and now you be do it all over again ! murdock ( explode ) and what the hell would you suggest we do if some burnt - out p.o.w. show up on the six o'clock news -- fight the war all over again ? have a invasion ! bomb hanoi ? do you think anybody be go to get on the floor of the United States Senate and ask billion of dollar for a couple of forget ghost ! trautman ( roaring ) Men ! Men who die for they country , you bastard ! murdock enough , I be go to forget this meeting ever take place , and I would advise you to never make the mistake of bring this subject up again . trautman turn , start out , then turn back to murdock . trautman you be the one who 's make the mistake ... murdock pause . murdock what " mistake ? " trautman ( dryly ) rambo . as soon as trautman utter the name , we hear shout in vietnamese and the SOUND of a backhand across flesh . ext . prison camp - rambo - day he 's hang above the slime pit . his muddy face grimace as it be hit by sgt. tay . tay curse he in vietnamese . ext . slime pit - sgt . tay - day powerful and vicious - look as a rabid ferret . he raise one fist , and smashes it down , hit rambo . there be another sickening impact against flesh . int . prisoner ' cave - cell - day another whack ! hear from across the compound . all the p.o.w. 's be there . two of they , b.g. , seem completely autistic . the other seem to wince , as one , with bank , as the whack echo across the compound . ext . prison yard - slime pit - day off to one side of the camp in a gloomy shade area be the pit that be fill with slime . it be ten foot deep , eight foot wide . captain vinh , a severe - look tyrant , observe sgt . tay stand on a pair of plank near rambo , who be be slowly submerge in the slime up to he neck . sgt. tay look to capt . vinh who nod and tay backhand rambo across the face . rambo spit . tay have rambo 's special knife tuck in he waistband . ext . p.o.w. camp - wide shot - day the grinding SOUND of two arrive transport truck , draw everyone 's attention ... out of the truck climb a troop of 15 Russians . Soldiers , member of the elite Soviet airborne division , dress in dark fatigue . from truck two 15 vietnamese soldier emerge . ext . camp - huey - day a thunderous whipping SOUND be hear and the camp begin to fill with spin dust as a american make " huey " helicopter descend , landing near the guard tower . ext . p.o.w. camp - huey - day the viet officer and guard cringe against the rotor blast as the ship settles . the side door slide open . ext . slime pit - rambo - day rambo try to see through he water eye , but be blind by the blast . ext . p.o.w. camp - huey - day out step three Russian giant in black fatigue and beret . they be also member of the elite Soviet 3rd airborne division . lastly two Russian officer disembark . they eye the Russian soldier stand at attention . ext . p.o.w. camp - officer - day they glance at rambo for a split second and motion to Captain vinh to remove rambo . vinh yell a order at a pair of guard who start to pull at a pair of rope and slowly hoist rambo from the slimy pit . ext . slime pit - rambo - day rambo be pull upright and we can see that he be bound to a pole in a crucify position ... upon closer inspection we see he body be cover with at least twenty huge blood - gorge leech . ext . p.o.w. camp - officer - day the two Russian officer approach and coldy eye rambo who be slightly suspend above they ... capt. vinh and sgt. tay stand near the Russians . podovsk , the short , brighter - look of the two , pull rambo 's knife from tay 's waistband and , with a casual air , use the tip of the razor - sharp knife to sever a black leech from the base of rambo 's neck ... he handle the knife like a masterful surgeon . podovsk this people be so vulgar in they method . they lack compassion . I be Lieutenant podovsk . I do not know who you be yet -- but I will . ( viet / subtitle ) Inside . int . prison cave cell - day through the bar , bank and the two other p.o.w. 's can catch a fleeting glimpse of rambo be drag away . a older prisoner speak up in a weak voice . p.o.w. ( older man ) he 's dead now . int . interrogation room - day vinh send the gawk guard scurrying with strident yell as he follow the two Russians into the room . the Soviets stand in front of rambo . he be bare from the waist up . Lt. Commander podovsk have a hard face , sharp feature . his bear be erect , arrogant . he still have rambo 's knife in he hand , which he use like a painter when he speak . the other , sgt . yushin , be another story . a tall , broad slab of combat muscle . his hair cut short as a scrub brush . thick and functional as state sculpture , he feature cannot fill he broad , flat face Nordic mongolian - circassian heritage ... he wear a pine tree patch on he shoulder denote he status as a " plastune " or cossack scout . podovsk ( in Russian ) in the chair . yushin haul rambo into a wooden stool against the wall . in front of he be a radio and a transmitter . yushin 's eye move over rambo 's wound . he look quickly into rambo 's eye , then move away from he . podovsk sit next to he on a small metal desk . the only light be from a single bare bulb . podovsk ( continue , in viet to vinh ) thank you , Captain vinh . leave one guard please . vinh exit with tay and the other three viet . yushin prepare torture equipment . podovsk adjust he wire - rim glass and consider rambo . he turn rambo 's bruise face gently , and examine the mark leave by the leech . podovsk walk behind he and notice the long crisscross scar on rambo 's chest and back . podovsk ( continue , painting with the knife ) I see you be no stranger to pain ... ( pause ) be it possible you have be among my vietnamese comrade before ? no answer . I see . do you wish to tell I you name -- what harm can that cause ? rambo stare through podovsk . podovsk ( continue ) pride be a poor substitute for intelligence ... well , no matter . what you must understand be that we have to interrogate you . we will find out what you be do . he gesture to he massive assistant . podovsk ( continue ) to sergeant yushin , you be a piece of meat , a laboratory experiment . to I , you be a comrade similar to myself just oppose by a matter of fate . rambo eye the torture equipment in yushin 's hand . podovsk ( continue ) I know you be try to facilitate the release of war criminal hold by this republic . I can appreciate this -- rambo just stare . podovsk ( continue ) but this -- you capture -- this incident be -- embarrassing . you must understand . we must have explanation . first I wish for you to radio back to you headquarters and say you find no prisoner , that you operation be a failure . podovsk hold up the microphone . still no response . podovsk ( continue ) no ? you wish to test you strength -- very good . ( to yushin ) proceed . podovsk slip the knife into a pan of smoking hot coal that be situate in clear view of rambo . int . interrogation room - yushin - day yushin walk forward . ext . p.o.w. camp - MAIN gate - night the guard in the hollow of the tree , glance up at the SOUND of a approaching motorbike . a young woman , wear a ao-dai and coolie hat , ride up on a scooter and stop by the shack . strapped onto the scooter be the pouch contain the bow . ext . p.o.w. camp - MAIN gate - night over the girl 's shoulder as she step up to the guard box and coo something to the sentry . he grin to see a new face among the whore from the village , and one so pretty ... ext . p.o.w. camp - MAIN gate - reverse on girl - night it be co . she dicker price through the sentry box window . he unlatch the gate . int . interrogation room - night a iron bedframe have be bring in and lean vertically against the wall opposite the door ... charcoal smoke fill the room . rambo have be tie to the frame spread - eagle by length of wire around he ankle , neck and forearm at the elbow . his body be contort in agonizing pain as electricity course through he flesh . podovsk the name -- no response from rambo and yushin twist a large rheostat knob . rambo convulse with a explosive muscle contraction . slam against the spring . his vein swell as if to burst . ext . p.o.w. camp courtyard - night the light of the camp dim , flicker , under the current load . int . / ext . mess hut - night vinh and Russians be eat together . they react to the camp light flicker . int . interrogation room - night rambo slam convulsively against the electric grid form by the steel bed . his tooth be clench as if he have tetanus . int . prisoner ' cave - night they watch the light outside come up to normal brightness . bank close he eye , share a ghost of the pain . int . interrogation room - night rambo hang from he bond , heaving and shiver . podovsk turn to he conversationally , as if he be a acquaintance at work . podovsk comrade , here be something you might be interested in . he draw a fold piece of paper from he pocket . open it . podovsk ( continue ) a transcript of the conversation between you helicopter pilot and he commander we intercept . ( read ) mmmm . " dragonfly ... slam dunk . " colorful name . here we be -- " ah , coach one ... we have they in sight . " and the reply -- " abort the operation immediately . return to base camp . " he jerk rambo 's head back and he graciously show rambo the printout . podovsk ( continue ) it seem they abandon you on direct order . this be the people you protect with you pain ? -- you may scream . there be no shame . podovsk snap he finger and yushin turn the knob . ext . p.o.w. camp courtyard - night co , move stealthily out of a barrack ... as she move the camera angle down to reveal the outstretch leg of a dead soldier . int . interrogation cell - night rambo hang so limply that he might be dead . podovsk move in to check as rambo 's head begin to rise . podovsk good ... you be strong -- the strongest so far -- but you be nearly dead -- for what ? make the radio call ... yes ? the door open and bank be shove by sgt. tay . around he neck be a then wire that be be twisted by tay ... yushin take bank and fling he brutally against the wall . podovsk ( continue ) yushin have a memento for you of this occasion . yushin press the molten tip against rambo 's cheek leave a shearing triangular smoking scar ... through it all , rambo remain trance - like , not move at all . podovsk motion to yushin , toward bank . podovsk ( continue , bored ) put it in he eye . yushin turn as tay jerk bank ' head back . podovsk ( continue ) if you life mean nothing , perhaps he do . yushin take the knife and begin to slowly direct the point into the center of bank ' eye ... podovsk ( continue ) you will talk . int . interrogation cell - tight on rambo - night his eye seem like diamond drill . there be such determination bear of rage in he expression that podovsk stop . take a step back . podovsk yes ? the knife move closer to bank ' pupil ... bank do not say nothin ' ! ( to yushin ) do what you want . the knife move closer . podovsk look at rambo for a answer . podovsk yes ? rambo weakly nod . podovsk nod to he assistant who loosen he death grip on bank who choke . yushin replace the knife in the hot coal . ext . p.o.w. camp - near interrogation cell - night co duck out of sight as a pair of NVA guard pause in she path to have a cigarette . they be distract by the sudden thunder and lightning that follow . int . interrogation cell - night rambo be help to the table . he seem on the verge of collapse ... bank lean against the wall still in the clutches of yushin . thunder shake the room . podovsk only fool die for a lose cause . rambo be roughly push onto a stool by a NVA guard . podovsk motion for sgt. tay to leave . podovsk ( continue ) I trust you know the proper transmit coordinate , yes ? rambo nod . podovsk ( continue ) you will state you name -- that you have be capture as a spy ! you will state that the mission be a failure and all mission will fail . tell they not to attempt such hostile aggression again . do you understand ? bank do not do it ! yushin tighten the wire around bank ' neck . podovsk do it now ! podovsk motion to yushin who release bank and balefully stare at the agonize american . rambo 220 - 56 Lone Wolf -- receive . bank ( softly ) do not -- bank be viciously slam to the floor and we CUT on impact -- he be now unconscious . int . hanger - night the center be still manned by a assortment of military personnel who be start to dismantle some of the space age equipment . trautman stand in the hanger . he look like a forlorn soul as he stare blankly into the darkness . rambo 's weak voice transmission manage to break through the din of the operation center . rambo ( v.o. ) Wolf de -- this be ... Lone Wolf -- do you read ? over . trautman along with nearly everyone present snap to attention -- radio operator Lone Wolf ! this be Wolf de . transmit location and status , over . murdock be see rush in , follow by ericson . murdock what be it ?! radio operator it 's rambo , sir . murdock look sharply at trautman . int . interrogation cell - night rambo sit at the radio sweat profusely . this appear to be the hardest mental task for a tight - lipped soldier of he caliber to perform . radio ( v.o. ) we read you , Lone Wolf -- what be you position -- over . bank be slump unconscious against the wall . yushin pull rambo 's head back with a vicious snap . radio operator ( v.o. ) what 's you position , over ? podovsk you position will be death if you do not answer . int . interrogation room - extreme closeup - night yushin let rambo 's head loose . bead of sweat drop from rambo 's nose as he hand tighten around the rusted microphone . int . hanger - night trautman snatch the microphone away from the operator . trautman John , this be trautman -- where the hell be you ? int . interrogation cell - night rambo lean closer to the microphone , but still remain silent . trautman ( v.o. ) johnny , come in ! rambo shift he gaze to podovsk , then he eye harden into orb of defiant granite . rambo murdock . trautman ( v.o. ) he 's here ! int . hanger - night murdock move forward , he body stiff with apprehension -- trautman hand he the microphone . murdock look around as all eye be rivete on he . murdock rambo -- this be murdock -- we be glad you be alive ... where be you ? give we you position and we will come and get you , over . int . interrogation room - night rambo lean forward until he lip nearly touch the microphone . ( lightn and thunder effect . ) rambo ( chill ) murdock , I be come to get you . rambo strike yushin across the face with the microphone ... podovsk go for he weapon . yushin rise and go for rambo . int . interrogation room - night the floor explode and we see co under the floor board with gun in hand . she kill the NVA soldier whose rifle be aim at rambo . int . interrogation room - night rambo slam the pistol into yushin 's temple and elbow podovsk in the jaw . he fling yushin against the electric bedframe , which jolt the huge Russian . rambo grab he knife and be about to run podovsk through when the door slam open . sgt . tay and three soldier enter , he expression agape . rambo bolt to the window . ext . p.o.w. camp near interrogation room - night rambo jump through the window -- co join he and they run through the darkness as the camp come alive . ext . p.o.w. camp near interrogation room - night sgt . tay and he three man turn the corner in pursuit . co cut two of they down . sgt . tay drop back and yell for reinforcement . ext . p.o.w. courtyard - night a Russian run up , AK - 47 in hand . before he can fire , rambo spin into he with a fly kick which pitch he onto he back , a inert heap ... rambo take the AK - 47 and blow one of the spotlight and the guard to bit . ext . p.o.w. camp - night the camp go nearly black . the second tower swing its light toward rambo and Co. rambo open FIRE , shatter the light and cause the guard to dive for he life . with co close behind he , rambo run toward the compound fence . a run Russian and co OPEN up with they assault rifle . lightn and thunder continue simultaneously . the Russian be hit in the leg and dive for cover . rambo lift the wire for co to wriggle under . his hand bleed as the wire cut deeply into he flesh . co fire at several approach guard as rambo slip under the wire on he back , hold the wire up with he hand , shredd he pants . rambo and co make it into the forest , run full out . more AK 's OPEN up behind they . both tower pk 's have be manned again . ext . rain forest - night precede rambo at a dead run , as he crash through foliage . the forest be a blur . tracers whip by , ruler - straight line of red light . bark explode from tree trunk around they . leave be rip into confetti . rambo this way ! they angle away from the blind firing and spring away along the trail , disappear in a moment . ext . p.o.w. camp - night podovsk 's nose and mouth be bleed , he stride out of the interrogation blockhouse follow by yushin . he jerk sgt. tay to he foot by the collar . he point to the forest . podovsk ( viet / subtitle ) find ! now ! yushin release the viet sergeant . tay weakly yell order to he man . podovsk ( continue , to the Russians ) find and kill he . int . hanger - night murdock pace in front of the computer . ext . rain forest - night rambo and co at a dead run , zigzag along the dark game trail . the path steepen and he claw at expose root ... climb as much as run . behind they be the rise SOUND of helicopter rotors . ext . rain forest - night use hand light to follow he footprint , tay 's squad of six guard jog into the jungle . behind they , through the tree , the huey rise into the night . the chopper switch on the high intensity searchlight as it thunder overhead . shaft of light pierce the jungle . sweep . search . ext . forest - night rambo and co be climb rapidly , use root as hand - hold to ascend the steep trail . the whump -whump of the helicopter approach and the glare of light flicker behind they . rambo move into a densely woven thicket . Russians move quietly f.g. ext . forest - night rambo and co run down into a dip and into thick jungle . ext . forest - night rambo and co crash through foliage as a searchlight sweep toward they . it race over they backlight they as they dive off the trail . the searchlight flick past they . snap back . tay and he man in b.g. int . / ext . helicopter - night Pov of figure run follow by spotlight . ext . forest trail - night tracers rip down through the tree from the helicopter . ext . forest trail - night rambo and co tear through the jungle . they dive over the edge of a muddy ravine , drop through tangle vine . catch , claw , drop . they run on . ext . forest trail - night the Russians can not target they . ext . forest - rambo and CO - night they hit a solid trail and sprint , really cover ground . the shaft of light scan back and forth behind they . then farther away . they have lose they . for the moment . ext . above jungle canopy - night as the chopper circle , probing with lance of light . CUT to : ext . elevate overhanging rock - dawn rambo and co have take shelter in the protective contour of the rock and overgrowth ... the helicopter move off in the opposite direction ... co and rambo catch they breath . co ( softly ) ... we safe for now -- you look like hell , rambo . rambo tough night . rambo stare at she and almost have to smile . she hand over rambo 's bow kit , which be sling over she shoulder . co ( continue ) . maybe need this again . rambo take the bow kit and co look at he bleed hand . co ( continue , move very close ) you hurt bad ... not so in - vo-nerable after all . rambo no. co you rest a while , I watch . rambo ( shake he head ) I will watch . co . what you do , rambo ? try to get across to Thailand ? rambo yes . co then America . rambo nod . co ( continue ) you take I with you , rambo ? I give you one more chance . rambo . you do not know I . co I know enough -- you take I ? rambo stare at she and nod . co ( continue ) I think you make a good choice . rambo . yeah. ( rise ) better move . co rise and trail behind rambo . noise . she turn and fire ... and tay with four soldier hit the deck . ext . forest - day Russians and viet nearby react , then head toward the shot . ext . forest - day sgt . tay open FIRE with a small machine gun then the soldier open up on co and she be riddled to the ground . rambo no !!! rambo leap to she fall rifle and roll behind a protective object , fire back and blow two of the soldier away ... rambo move to another position . ext . forest - day tay bark something in viet to a soldier and slip fearfully away . ext . forest - day rambo flank the soldier and soldier turn to see smoking death racing toward he . he fall dead ... rambo rush to co . he cradle she for a moment and he expression transform into insane rage . co roll she glaze eye to rambo . co you good man , rambo ... good . not forget I . co die in he arm and rambo roar with grief . the hunt man become the hunter ... rambo scoops she up and disappear into the forest . int . hanger - day trautman be there , nervously pace , agitate . murdock sit solidly behind he desk ... ericson sit on the other side of the room . murdock do you really think that you can threaten I , Colonel ? trautman I want the rescue team ready to go in one hour . murdock ( almost amused ) you be risk you career , you reputation and you family 's security -- do you think any one person be worth that , trautman ? trautman yes , I do . murdock I be give you a direct order to withdraw from this project . trautman do I get the rescue team , or do I have to go over you head ? murdock Colonel , it 's time you understand I be in charge here -- here you be a tool , we be the machine -- ( to ericson ) I want he place under arrest . he 's not to leave the base . trautman he never have a chance do he ? murdock like you say , he go home . ext . forest trail - day a small band of viet soldier be move through the jungle search for rambo . ext . forest - tight on rambo' face - day start to rain . eye close , he have smear the goo thoroughly over he face . it be a neolithic , feral visage . he have bury co and pause on one knee at the gravesite ... around he neck hang she " good luck " medallion . he have cut a strip of she garment and with great deliberation tie it around he head . rambo rise with he bow in he hand and arrow across he back ... he be the warrior and the war have now begin . ext . forest - on seven russian and a sergeant - day move forward cautiously , they glide through the dense rain and thicket . ext . forest - day rambo watch motionless -- and then kill the sergeant and Russian # 2 with arrow . ext . forest - day through rain Russians materialize search for rambo . into f.g. come a Russian , part bush with rifle , turn past hollow tree . a arm come out and pull he in . he stiffen as rambo 's knife kill he . ext . forest - mo . rambo - day move in absolute silence nearby . he freeze and raise he bow . thirty meter away be the Russians ... a arrow sink into Russian # 3's chest ... Russian # 4 and # 5 sprint away ... to a different position for defense they motion to split up and a second arrow burrow into Russian # '' chest and lung as he move . he fall dead and Russian # 5 be freeze , until he see what appear to be rambo 's flee form and take chase . ext . forest - viet guard - day wave they AK 's , look for some sign of rambo . they hear something crashing through the downpour and undergrowth . Movement in dense brush . they OPEN FIRE . the crash of sustained FIRE be deafen . they blast blindly . they attention be so focus , the din so loud , they do not notice a dark figure move up behind they . rambo snatch the wayward last guard into a thicket . a knife slashes , one viet guard drop dead . tay shout repeatedly to cease fire and the other finally stop . tay ( viet / subtitle ) we get he ! they move away , advance on they " target " . tay gingerly part woven branch , revealing Russian # 5 riddled with hundred of 7.62 mm round . ext . forest - viet guard - day tay bark at he man to sweep the area in a arc . the guard advance , stricken with a grow unease . ext . forest - black hole - day rambo trap Russian # 6 with a vine around he foot . he slide down into a black hole and rambo slit he throat . ext . forest - two russian - day they separate near a mudbank , one go over the embankment ... the other near the river 's edge . russian # 8 no , this way ... where be you ? in the incessant rain , Russian # 8 move cautiously to he comrade 's last position . ahead , face down in the mud , be the body of Russian # 7 . approach the body , the frighten Russian look around in full circle . nothing . he move by a mudbank . ext . forest - mudbank / mudhole - day rambo come out of the mudhole and break Russian # 8's neck . ext . forest - day realizing they be without they flanker , tay and four viet Guards call out and move toward they last position . they stand together at the top of the mudbank , gape at the two body of Russian # 7 and # 8 . tay stare around , outrage . he yell to he squad to take up the chase . ext . forest - day rambo burst out of the dense tangle , drag streamer of vine , and find himself in a explosion of squawking chicken . he be in the muddy door - yard of a rural hutch , part of a small hamlet , of about a dozen building . Pigs scatter , grunting they surprise , as rambo sprint across the yard . over a low rail fence . between the hutch . ext . hamlet - day Soldiers charge down the slope behind he . ext . hamlet - day rambo emerge onto the main " street " at a dead run , tear a swath through the everyday village activity . the viet peasant scatter as the fierce american charge through they midst . a giant by they standard to begin with , rambo be now a mud-cake nightmare , trail vine and bramble ... he face a mask of dark streak top by encrust hair ... villager scream and flee ... rambo drop low look frantically for something beneath a hutch ... not find it , he move quickly to another ... notice a large can , open it , and smell its content . ext . hamlet - day wide from behind the soldier as they pour into the village . a figure dash from the hutch into the field of tall grass , disappear . ext . road - edge of grass - day two troop truck be deploy 40 soldier . directing operation be capt. vinh . vinh motion the soldier impatiently toward where he stand at the edge of the elephant grass , and they wade into it . Beyond they the coarse grass become a impenetrable wall almost eight foot high . vinh snort in disgust and point at some trample stalk . there be a bright smear of blood , and beyond , another . vinh ( viet / subtitle ) you see ? not a demon . a man . now , we find where he 's crawle to die . ext . tall grass - day a line of 20 regular and three Russians move into the grass . only the radio antennas of the squad leader be visible above the wave stalk . yushin 's helicopter arc in from the distant ridgeline , converge . ext . elephant grass - day Pov moving slowly through the grass . the point man part the stalk ahead . it be a quiet , eerie world , with only the swish of the grass and the occasional SOUND - off call of the trooper . there be a clear trail of blood smear on the grass , indicate a serious wound . various closeup of the regular as they advance , each man realize how utterly isolate he really be , in he own island of space in the green sea . it be hot . ext . grass - day one of the Russians have he fatigue unbuttone , sleeve roll up . sweat pour off all of they . ext . grass Pov - day Pov following the trail of blood . the grass be parte ahead and a small clear come into view . slowly move up on something lie in the grass . two chicken , they throat cut , be lie beside a kerosene can , which be upright with its cap off . a bizarre little shrine . there be no sign of rambo . ext . grass - day reverse on capt . vinh , puzzle , wary . vinh everyone back ! ! ext . grass - insert rambo - day insert / rambo' hand strike a match , ignite a wet trail of spill gas , a whoosh . ext . grass - day capt . vinh look up , see the river of fire snake toward he through the wave stalk . he turn , panicked . crashes into the man behind he . shriek at they to move . they trample over each other to run as the trail of fire reach the can . voom ! ext . grass - day vinh see a tremendous fireball erupt ahead . hear scream . he freeze in he track as the nightmare begin again . shriek , a man run toward he , on fire , charge past . vinh shout futilely into a radio as he 's engulf in fire . ext . grass - day firing blindly , several trooper OPEN up until they be engulf in the fire . ext . hamlet road - day from the truck it be apparent that the grass be burn on its own , in a long line where the " fuse " be laid out and in a widen circle around the explosion site . ext . edge of grass - day Black smoke roll through the grass , and trooper stumble about , cough as the wind carry it toward they . ext . hill above elephant grass - day closeup of rambo as he drop a small silver explosive charge into arrow shaft and screw on the razor tip . ext . hill above elephant grass - day rambo draw back he bow to full extension , and from he elevate position , take aim at the first troop truck ... the arrow bury itself near the truck and explode ... miss the truck . ext . hillside - rambo - day rambo adjust the site on the bow and release another arrow . ext . hamlet - day this time the arrow find its mark and the truck explode . ext . elephant grass - day on the edge of the elephant grass , trooper help each other flee . random firing be everywhere . the din be incredible , the pandemonium absolute . ext . hill - rambo - day rambo look down into the field at devastation as flame curl high into the morning mist ... he pause and almost look reflective for a moment ... the copter move closer to rambo 's position . CUT to : ext . forest - day rambo 's sixth sense cause he to glance behind and he spot sgt. tay 's man approach ... tay spy rambo and they OPEN FIRE . ext . forest - rambo - day with he bow still in he hand , lunge from view behind a tree ... he start to belly crawl into the brush , as tay and three other soldier think they have he pin down ... ext . forest - tay - day he signal and order the man to flank the tree . they do , but be flanke by rambo who step into view at a right angle to they position and cut they down , but be soon out of ammo . ext . forest - tay - day from he hide spot tay observe this and start toward rambo after firing off a couple of shot . ext . forest - rambo - day he flee and take cover behind a tree just as the bark be rip off near he head by tay 's auto - FIRE ... rambo dive into the brush and instantly disappear from view . ext . rain forest - tay - day with grow apprehension , he move forward , he body tense , sense the kill ! he hear rambo 's voice from behind . rambo here ! tay turn and with he rifle at the ready , face rambo on one knee with he bow fully extend . the arrow sink into he chest , and tay fire spasmodically . for a split second he grab the un -extractable shaft and rambo dive for cover . tay 's eye widen with sudden realization , and the next second he body explode into fragment . CUT to : int . huey - day yushin talk into he radio headset . yushin ( Russian / subtitle ) Drop the napalm ! ext . huey - yushin be Pov rambo - day through the tree ' canopy , yushin can see rambo flash in and out of view . ext . forest - rambo - day watch as two long metal cylinder detach from the helicopter and drop , tumble toward the forest . ext . forest - rambo - day rambo recognize the napalm canister and sprint even harder . ext . rain forest - day rambo slashes through the tree like a madman . behind he , the napalm cannister hit the ground . a enormous fireball blossom through the jungle , spew twenty - meter - long arc of flame , silhouett the tiny run figure of rambo . ext . rain forest - day just as the firestorm reach he , he dive at a dead run off a embankment into a mountain river . ext . river - rambo - day rambo dive in as a sun-bright canopy of fire rush across the surface with a muffled roar . ext . river - day surface , rambo , move at giddy speed over the tortuous stream bed . ext . ravine - waterfall - day rambo tumble clear of the fall water as he drop down the face of the cataract . he hit the surface of the pool with a tremendous splash . ext . pool of water - day boil with turbulence as he surface , gasp . above , on the escarpment , a fire -storm rage , lighting up the jungle . ext . huey - treeline - day as the huey swoops down past the treeline , scan the jungle along the riverbank . int . huey - day yushin swoops down toward rambo who gasp for air . the minigun blast at he . yushin ( Russian / subtitle ) goddamn he ! ! CUT to : ext . river - day as rambo break the surface of the water , eye the approach chopper and dive again as the bullet start pour forth from the minigun . ext . river - day as the huey descend over the treeline . yushin order he pilot down for a closer look . the huey hover only inch from the water . the water swirl from the power of the rotor blade . ext . river - huey - day as the surface explode and rise like a spirit from hell , rambo spring up from the river and grab hold of one of the skid . ext . huey - day yushin 's door gunner swing he m - 60 around to bear on rambo . but it 's too late . rambo 's hand shoot up and pull he out . int . huey - day the pilot feel the weight shift and look back , see rambo on the skid . he " pull pitch " hard . ext . huey - day the huey climb , arcing radically . ext . huey - day rambo slip . dangle . ext . huey - day he crash through the upper branch of a tree as the huey climb , banking in a tight arc . he manage to heave himself up . int . huey - day yushin spin to see a filthy , blood - encrust rambo come through the gun door . yushin charge as rambo swing inside . yushin draw he revolver but rambo tackle he and drive he into the control panel . with he free hand , yushin grab rambo violently by the face digging he finger into he eye . rambo grimace in agony . he take the side of he hand and drive it into yushin 's throat . he break the hold . rambo elbow he across the jaw . yushin grab rambo and fling he roughly against the opposite side of the chopper . he then kick rambo twice and be about to stomp he when rambo roll to he knee and drive he shoulder into yushin 's crotch and stand , ram the Russian forward . yushin grab rambo 's neck and be crush the life out of he ... rambo manage to drop and twist free and kick yushin in the face . the pilot see what be happen . he bank hard , try to get rambo to fall out the open door . rambo stumble backward , but manage at the last second to grab the barrel of the m - 60 doorgun and be suspend out the door . yushin grab he pistol and aim as rambo grab he boot knife with he free hand and fling it into yushin 's chest ... the Russian stagger back then forward and raise he pistol at rambo . at the last second he collapse and fall forward and past rambo who manage to pull he knife from the Russian 's body as he be fall . the pilot struggle to maintain control and look terrify as rambo swing up and advance on he . ext . river - day a figure tumble from the low - fly huey and splashes into the estuary . the huey dip and buck , then rights itself and fly off . int . hanger - day murdock look like he have not sleep in day . ericson approach . ericson it 's time ... murdock yeah . alert everyone , start pack , we be pull out now . trautman walk in and hear the above . trautman you be what ? murdock it 's finish , Colonel ... murdock exit . ext . p.o.w. camp - day the SOUND of a rotor get louder . a shadow fall upon the ten viet and four Russians leave to guard the camp . a shape , a outline ... in the glare of the sun . then ... ext . rambo' huey - day rambo unleash the minigun . the leave guard tower vanish in a cloud of fall splinter as thunder roll across the valley . the huey pivot nimbly . the minigun roar again . a orange lightning bolt vaporize the right tower . ext . p.o.w. camp - guard barracks - day Three guard in the guard ' barrack shoot at rambo ... they be destroy . ext . prisoner ' cave - day prisoner watch from they cell . int . rambo' huey Pov - day the guard barrack seem to disintegrate as the minigun sweep across it ... a shock wave of destruction behind which only fly kindling remain . he pivot a last time and annihilate the sentry post with a one - second burst . ext . p.o.w. camp truck - day a few soldier have manage to take cover behind a truck by the main gate . they begin firing . ext . huey - low angle - day a roaring silhouette in the metallic mist . the minigun speak . the truck be rip open like aluminum foil , shrapnel fly . the soldier cease to exist . it be all over in second . ext . p.o.w. camp - day the huey settles to earth in the center of the compound . ext . camp - day out of the boil , blast dust and smoke , the figure of rambo suddenly emerge . death incarnate encrust with dry mud , dry blood , streak with rivulet of sweat . rambo have detach the door gun from its sling and with the feed belt over he shoulder , carry it like a rifle . he run forward . ext . prisoner ' cave - day rambo move to the prisoner 's cage in a battle - ready stance ... everywhere around he be smoking destruction . ext . p.o.w. camp tree - day Hidden behind a tree , one Russian open FIRE ... next to the Russian be a mound of smooth rock . ext . p.o.w. cave - rambo - day rambo fire at the rock . ext . p.o.w. camp - tree - day the bullet ricochet off and kill the Russian who stagger out and fall face down . ext . p.o.w. cave - day rambo run to the prisoner 's cage . he shoot off the lock and rip open the gate . the five prisoner stare at he in wide - eye amazement . rambo let 's go ! ext . p.o.w. camp courtyard - day the five prisoner be help one another into the huey as rambo carry a sixth . int . huey - day once aboard , the p.o.w. 's turn and look at they savior , tear clouding some of they eye . ext . huey - day bank be cover rambo who be haul the last of the p.o.w .' S onto the chopper . bank have a rpg sling over he shoulder , and a AK in he hand . a wounded Russian open fire and badly wound the last p.o.w . ext . huey - day bank level he AK , kill the Russian and assist the wounded p.o.w. on board , then climb in himself . ext . huey - closeup - day the turbine whine increase , and the huey slowly lift off . rambo huey / russian helicopter attack sequence to be filmed as per storyboard . int . / ext . huey - day rambo seem drain of color , fly on nerve . p.o.w. 's look forward as a broad river appear beyond a ridgeline less than a kilometer ahead . bank that 's Thailand ? rambo nod , eye rivete straight ahead . bank ( continue , to the man ) we be home ! we be home ! int . huey - day rambo pick up the microphone . rambo Lone Wolf to Wolf de -- do you read ? int . hanger - day trautman and murdock who have be wait for further transmission suddenly hear rambo 's transmission . tech we hear you , Lone Wolf . come in . int . huey - day rambo talk into the microphone . rambo prepare for emergency landing . arrive with american p.0o .w.' ! over ? int . hanger - day everyone freeze as they wait for order from murdock ... he remain silent -- eye be shifting . ericson look at trautman who yell ... trautman you hear . prepare for arrive p.o.w.' S. the personnel await murdock 's confirmation -- there be none forthcoming . they look at trautman , then suddenly begin to scatter . ext . hanger - day rambo 's burn huey descend toward the landing field . as the tech and other camp personnel stand watch , murdock raise a pair of powerful field glass . ext . hanger - murdock be Pov - telephoto - day the image of the burn , mortally wounded huey seem to waver through the long lens . it look like a death ship , the Flying dutchman with a crew of corpse and a demon at the helm , come in out of the sky . ext . hanger - murdock - day he slowly lower the glass . face ashen , murdock head into the operation hanger . int . huey - day the chopper be burn badly and fill with black smoke . ext . huey - day the huey sheer sideways across the staging area . its skid clip the top of the wire shearing off communication gear . it hit the ground . bounce and plow forward into the operation hanger . int . hanger - day firefighter with extinguishers envelop the burn chopper in foam . int . hanger - huey - day the p.o.w. 's be pull from the chopper . int . hanger - rambo - day he slide out of the flight seat and go out the door . he quickly eye trautman then move off into the hanger . int . hanger - day dollying with rambo as he head past the mountain of communication equipment with relentless determination . the technical personnel fall back , let he pass ... Dust be everywhere . int . hanger - trautman - day he see rambo and stride forward to intercept he , then pause . int . hanger - rambo - day he shove the equipment aside that be block he path to murdock , who be see retreate . ericson stand in he way . rambo , without break stride , club he with the butt of he knife . int . hanger - day rambo move , silhouett , closer to the humming communication area , reek of jungle , blood and death ... murdock be against the wall ... no where to hide . int . hanger - day rambo close in on murdock , loom . murdock start to move away , rambo grab he from behind , spin he down on top of a crate and raise he knife . rambo we win ... you lose ! Mission accomplish ! and with all he strength impale it next to murdock 's terrify face . rambo ( softly ) there 's more man still out there , find they , or I will find you . ext . hanger - day rambo step steadily out into the wane light . he take a deep , slow breath . start to walk and see bank in the distance . bank ( weakly ) thanks . rambo nod back ... in the b.g. , they be carry the p.o.w. 's stretcher or push they in wheelchair toward the medical facility . everyone stare at rambo with respect . ext . hanger - day trautman step in alongside rambo . trautman John ... where be you go ? rambo I do not know . trautman you will get a second medal of honor for this . rambo you should give it to they ... ( indicate p.uo.W.'s ) they deserve it more . trautman you can not keep run . you be free now ... come back with we . rambo back to what ? -- my friend die here ... part of I die here . trautman John , the war , everything that happen here may have be wrong , but dammit , John , you can not hate you country for it . rambo hate ? -- I would die for it . trautman then , what be it you want ? rambo what do I want ? I want what they want ... ( indicate p.uo.W.'s ) and what every other guy who come over here and spill he gut and give everything he have want ... for we country to love we as much as we love it ... that 's what I want . and that 's what they want . ( indicate p.uo.W.'s ) trautman how will you live , John ? rambo Day by day . rambo walk with he head hold high until he fade into the smoke and distance . fade out . the end