fade in : ext . delta terminal - kennedy airport - day on a taxi arrive at the Delta terminal of Kennedy Airport . a man in a well - tailore gray suit get out of the taxi . CUT to a closer shot of the man as he pay the cabbie . he be willcox hillyer , the middle - age " buddy " of this story and the observer through whose eye it be see . he have a dry , ironic , rather agreeable manner and he should seem like everyone 's idea of a successful author , a slightly gray , trim , still - youthful - look fifty . the camera follow he as he walk into the terminal carry a small travel bag . int . delta terminal - kennedy airport - day CUT to a shot of willcox hillyer at a counter get he ticket process . a little smile be on he face as he talk to a pretty airline girl . this character like girl ; he aloofness be modify , he face change when he talk to they . the airline girl smile back , she find he attractive . we do not hear what they be say , no dialogue on track -- it be obvious he be flirt with the girl in a mild way , but now a frown come on he face and he turn he head as if slightly annoyed by something . CUT to a Pov shot of a tall , gaunt , almost totally bald man at the next ticket counter . the man be about sixty - five and look like a half senile great dane . he be dave wilkie , erstwhile husband of the heroine of this story . Age have not be at all kind to Dave ; he face be line with bitterness , he be a sour , angry , lonely man and now he be make a very unpleasant scene with a ticket girl and a airline representative , wave he ticket and gesticulate angrily . he wear a expensive , ill-fitting suit and a Texas - type hat . we do not hear he angry complaint , no dialogue be on the track . CUT back to a close shot of willcox hillyer as he stare with a frown at the man . it 's as if he know the man but can not place he . the airline ticket girl speak to he and he turn back to she , he face soften as he answer she , obviously say he will carry he bag . he nod goodbye to the girl , turn and the camera follow he as he walk some distance away and stop , look back with another pensive frown at the tall , gaunt man at the next counter . CUT to another Pov shot of Dave wilkie , a longer shot than the first . the man be now argue angrily with two airline representative , still wave he ticket and shaking he head . we do not hear he . lip-reader might pick up what he be say : " I be suppose to be in first class , not tourist . what 's the matter with this friggin ' airline ? " CUT back to willcox hillyer , a close shot of he face as he rub he chin and frown obviously struggle to remember the man . the camera hold on he as he stare at the gaunt angry Dave , rack he brain . he shake he head , he cannot place the man and yet he know he . the camera move in closer on willcox hillyer 's face as he stare in pensive puzzlement at this ghost from the past and now we hear , as if from a distance , faint music on the track -- it be " Dixie , " play with beautiful lazy mock love by the great Louis armstrong in he prime . at first we can barely hear it , then the music become louder as hillyer 's frown deepen and he seem almost to know the man . MAIN title ( superimposed ) : " rambling rose " the music remain a bit in the distance , but it can be hear . other title ( superimposed ) : over the follow action . various shot , on willcox hillyer . he give up he effort to recognize the strangely familiar Dave with a little shrug , turn and walk away with he travel bag . int . delta terminal - lounge - day we see he enter the departure lounge and board the plane . int . delta airplane - day a shot of he as he smile rather nicely at a very attractive young stewardess as he walk down the aisle of the plane . he be not a crass or lewd flirt , but life come into he face when he see a pretty girl -- he seem to have a real affection for girl : toward man he be polite but rather dry and ironic , almost aloof , but girl he like . we see he sit in a seat , open he travel bag and take out long galley sheet . he stare for a moment rather wearily at the galley , then sigh , put on read glass and begin to make correction as board passenger walk by in the aisle . something or someone disturb he , he look up with a slight frown and CUT to a Pov shot of Dave wilkie , all wonder and enthusiasm . this over the title and we do not hear the dialogue they speak , what we hear be louis armstrong , but I will put the dialogue in here so the actor can act it . we do not want to hear it , the sense of what they be say will be obvious from the act . dave wilkie ( not on track ) buddd -dee ! my God , if it be not buddy ! well , if this be not the darnest thing ! another angle , on they both as Dave block the aisle , a idiot false - toothe grin on he face . hillyer have a pain embarrassed smile . willcox hillyer ( not on track ) Excuse I ... you voice be familiar and I be sure I know you from somewhere ... dave wilkie ( not on track , with delighted injury ) awww -rr , buddy , come on , you know I ! willcox hillyer ( not on track ) well , I ... I ... ah-h , let 's see ... dave wilkie ( not on track ) it 's Dave wilkie ! I be Dave wilkie , do not you remember I ? willcox hillyer ( not on track ) oh. oh , God . of course , Dave , how be you ? the man shake hand , Dave enthusiastically , hillyer less so . we see Dave stow he suitcase and take the seat next to hillyer . ext . kennedy - day CUT to a shot of a big Delta jet make its final taxiing turn and roaring into a take -off . int . kennedy - day CUT to a dramatic underbelly shot of the jet go up . end of title . dissolve to : int . delta airplane - day a shot of the attractive , young stewardess , harry as she fix drink . int . delta airplane - day CUT to Dave and willcox hillyer as the young stewardess give they drink . Dave bestow a sour glance on she when he see the single drink , but at the moment he be in the midst of a aggressively self - satisfied conversation and say nothing to she . he speak to hillyer , who be make a real effort to be polite but be less than happy about the encounter . dave wilkie well , I be in the construction business , buddy , and without braggin ' I have do real good at it . ( with a meaningful bitterness ) there be that who would not have expect that out of I . ( pause as if wait for a reaction , but hillyer be very silent ) right now I be buildin ' a giant motel unit near Alexandria , outside Washington , d.c . not fi-nance , I be on the construction side . willcox hillyer ( make polite talk ) well , that 's interesting , Dave . I always like Washington , it 's a pretty town . dave wilkie oh , it 's all right , beat Jew York . but the nigger have take it over , just like every other city we get , only worse . hillyer give a barely perceptible wince at this speech , but Dave do not notice , he go on with aggressive self satisfaction after a swallow of whiskey . dave wilkie ( cont 'd ) but I have do real good in the construction field . what I do not know about buildin ' be not worth knowin' . I knock off twenty - eight thousand smackeroos last year , how 's that for a old country boy ? Dave pause , realize this might not impress ; glance down with curiosity at the galley sheet , then a unpleasant smile . dave wilkie ( cont 'd ) ha ha , course you make a lot more . ( point at the galley ) what 's that you get there , buddy ? willcox hillyer ( reluctantly ) galley proof . dave wilkie galley what ? willcox hillyer page proof of a book I be work on . dave wilkie how about that . well , you always be a screwball . willcox hillyer ( lift a eyebrow in mild irony ) oh , yeah ? dave wilkie ( unfaze ) I do not mean that the way it sound . ( stare at galley as if rattlesnake ) imagine it , a book . and I use to know you personal way back when . ( pause , then earnestly ) tell I something , buddy , how do you dream up all that stuff ? willcox hillyer ( absolutely straight ) well , actually , we have a little black boy name her - --t who life in the garage . he do it for I . dave wilkie ( for a moment half believe it , then a slow , stupid grin ) heh heh heh heh , same old buddy , always jokin ' around . almost as much of a joker as you daddy . ( drain he drink , grimace ; a heavy drinker , Dave ) I see you daddy a coupla year ago , I be up in glenville lookin ' at a motel site . I guess that 's where you be head , huh , to see he ? willcox hillyer ( stare out of plane window ) that 's right , Dave , I be head for glenville on a whisperin ' jet . dave wilkie ( suddenly call out ) hey , girl ! hey , you , give we another drink ! ( to hillyer , sullenly ) Dumb little bitch , suppose to give we two in the first place . willcox hillyer listen with a pain half smile , a hand at he temple . dave wilkie ( cont 'd ) this friggin ' airline 's out of its mind . ( a martyr ) the son of bitch try to put I in tourist . ( portentuously philosophical ) but we whole civilization be screw up , buddy . the heebies and the coconut have take it over and ruin it . willcox hillyer half close he eye in weariness , but say nothing . gently , he rub he temple . it be plain Dave wilkie give he a headache . int . delta airplane another angle , on the pretty young stewardess as she bring two more drink . Dave stare sourly at she , wholly unmove by she charm . dave wilkie take you time gettin ' here . willcox hillyer she have other thing to do , Dave . willcox smile apologetically at girl . dave wilkie suppose to get two drink in the first place . this friggin ' airline can not do nothin ' right . the stewardess purse she lip at Dave , who be bow over he drink busy open it . hillyer lift a eyebrow at the girl as if to say , " do not blame I because of this damned idiot , " and she half smile at he . willcox hillyer ( obviously get he off subject ) tell I about that job in Alexandria , Dave , the big motel you be building . dave wilkie ( with pedantic exactitude , the man be a complete pain in the ass ) near Alexandria . it be not in Alexandria , it be outside it . willcox hillyer I see . outside it . dave wilkie that 's correct -- outside it , not in it . as for the job , well , the jewboy supplier give I a lot of grief and we use a pile of nigger to haul and tote and they be not worth a sorry - ass damn . ( take big swallow of drink ) but I can build anything , buddy . give I the plan and I can build a goddamn staircase to the moon . it 's a fact , I can build anything ... ( pause , then bitterly ) ... but she never believe that . oh , hell , no , she never believe in I . this be another point bitter reference to the unknown " she . " once again , willcox hillyer be deliberately unresponsive . willcox hillyer um -m , well ... dave wilkie ( broodingly ) doubted my ability all along , the little bitch . I never remarry , buddy , you know that , do not you ? willcox hillyer well , no , I do not actually . dave wilkie she 's the reason -- cure I of woman once and for all . oh , I get rid of she , buddy , I do not waste no time kickin ' that bitch out . Hell , she be screwin ' everybody in Savannah . I catch she in a motel with this long tall son of a bitch and boy do I beat the everlastin ' piss out of he ! Dave wilkie 's eye narrow with vindictive anger as he say it and one can well believe the streak of raw violence in the man . it be frightening even now ; he be a clown , but he be a dangerous clown . as he long , bitter , impassion tirade continue , willcox hillyer become increasingly tense and pale -- it be obvious he detest what the man be say and he be struggle to control himself . Dave 's tone and voice be laconically Southern , but the hatred and misery in he eye be raw . dave wilkie ( cont 'd ) she do not marry he , though , later she marry another guy and go to Winston - Salem . it do not last that girl could not have no lastin ' marriage , she leave he and marry another dumb sucker and go out west . Little bitch leave he , too , and you know what she 's marry to right now ? ( put a big finger on hillyer 's chest ) a kike . that 's right , some kind of kike horse doctor name schapiro out in Seattle , who 's get the nerve to have the same first name I get . would not you know it , Rose would wind up marry to a goddamn kike ? she be always out of she friggin ' head and I will tell you why . ( he eye narrow and again he put a finger on hillyer 's chest ) buddy , she be sick in she mind and between she leg , too . she be a nymphomaniac . willcox hillyer ( he have have enough ; with a pale tremble anger and in even tone ) Dave , you be as full of shit as a Christmas turkey and you know it . now if you want to start a fight on this plane and get yourself in jail , go right ahead . but I be tell you , you be full of shit right up to you eyeball . dave wilkie ( with surprising mildness ; a little smile almost as if he be pleased ) I do not want to start no fight with you , buddy . why do you say I be full of shit ? willcox hillyer Dave schapiro be no horse doctor and Rose have be a good wife to he for a long time . to call she a nymphomaniac be the most stupid thing I ever hear in my life . dave wilkie ( again surprisingly mild ) you love she , do not you . well , so do i. ( a little shrug ) you will have to admit she have four husband . willcox hillyer yeah , it take she a while to grow up and find Mr. right , but she do it . she find he . dave wilkie ( another little smile ) she use to call I Mr. right . remember that , buddy ? willcox hillyer ( he be pale with anger ) yeah , I remember it . willcox pick up galley sheet , half turn away . dave wilkie well , I tell you , I do not know what the world 's come to this day . thing use to be better . we do not have any money , but thing be better . ( grimace in anger ) goddamn nigger and kike burn the flag , rioting , raise hell -- they ought to shoot they ass off . I tell you , buddy , where this country make its mistake be allow people without property to vote . during this speech , willcox hillyer grit he tooth but say nothing . he keep he eye down on the galley sheet . as Dave shake he head in sorrow at the state of the nation .. dissolve to : int . atlanta terminal - hertz counter - day a shot of willcox hillyer at a hertz counter in the Atlanta airport . a tense , wringht up Dave wilkie be in the b.g. of the shot . during the follow brief exchange , hillyer be politely cool , wilkie under a great strain . dave wilkie ( hold out hand ) well , get to get a plane to Savannah . great run into you , buddy . give my best to you daddy . willcox hillyer yeah , I will do that , Dave . dave wilkie ( sweat , tense , under some kind of awful emotional strain ) ah-h , if you happen to run into Rose sometime ... do I a favor , give she a message for I , will you ? willcox hillyer ( a trifle wearily ) Dave , I have not see Rose for year . hillyer take rental car papers from a pretty young hertz girl , give the girl a little smile , pick up he travel bag . in desperation , Dave take he arm . dave wilkie buddy , I be a sick man . I have a heart attack last year , I be not expect to live . hillyer turn to Dave , puzzle and interested ; Dave earnestly explain . dave wilkie ( cont 'd ) you might see she . she write you daddy , and she and that doctor come to see he , do not they ? I wish you would tell she something ... I never could write letter . willcox hillyer ( in a different tone , interested , curious ) what do you want I to tell she , Dave ? dave wilkie ( a painful inward struggle ; the man be torment , miserable ) oh , to hell with it , never mind . do not tell she anything . do not even tell she you see I . ( half turn he back , he face twisted with strong emotion ) get to run , buddy , I will miss my plane . willcox hillyer and the pretty young hertz girl stare after Dave wilkie as he walk away with spasm - like step . hillyer seem affect , less hostile toward Dave now . he speak half to himself , half to the hertz girl . willcox hillyer he still love she . the poor damn fool still love she . hertz girl who be she ? willcox hillyer a girl name Rose . ( pull himself back into the world of reality ) still take r75 to glenville ? hertz girl yes , sir . willcox nod thanks and walk away carry he travel bag . ext . atlanta airport - road - day CUT to a shot of the red Ford drive from the airport . ext . interstate 75 - day a shot of the red Ford on interstate 75 , Atlanta skyline in b.g . ext . georgia interstate - day on the red Ford as it speed along a Georgia interstate through red clay hill in green springtime . int . / ext . car - georgia interstate - day CUT to a shot on willcox hillyer close on he face in the car . he be lose in reflection . a look of bitter sweet emotion be on he face , a expression of sadness mix with amusement . as the camera hold on he face , we hear again on the track Louis armstrong 's great version of " dixie , " or music of comparable power , beauty and nostalgic evocation . now the music be stronger , much stronger than behind the title , we be beginning to hear it full force . dissolve to : blurred screen flashback : ext . hillyer home - day a shot of a thirteen - year- old boy on the front porch of a house in the sleepy Depression South of many year ago . he be buddy , willcox hillyer as a boy . the music continue as he shade he eye to look at something far away . ext . hillyer home - driveway - day CUT to a long Pov shot of a young and very pretty blonde girl walk slowly up a oak -shade driveway . a zoomar lense take we toward she . she be carry a cardboard suitcase tie with a string . her clothes be cheap , she shoe be dusty , run be in she stocking . she be sweaty , tired and seem very nervous . rose be a very attractive girl , but she primary quality be not sexiness , but a innocence and sweetness . she pause to wipe sweat from she forehead with the back of she hand and nervously moisten she lip as she stare ahead uncertainly at the " nice " Southern home which to she seem very grand . it be apparent she be badly frighten and apprehensive about what lie ahead . she be also exhaust from the heat and a long hot walk in the Southern sun . she blink at perspiration , swallow in anxiety again and force herself to walk on . ext . hillyer home - porch CUT to a shot of buddy on the porch . expressionless , unreadable , neither friendly nor hostile , he stare with a even gaze directly into the camera . he have he hand on he hip in a distinctive way that we will later see be a mannerism of he father 's . buddy try to imitate the style of he father , not always with complete success . unreadable as a sphinx , he stand there , wait . ext . hillyer home porch - day CUT to a Pov shot of Rose at the foot of the porch step . a tentative little smile be on she face . it be very plain she be nervous and frighten . rose hello . I be Rose , and I have come to live with you and you family . silence . the damn boy say nothing . a trifle crestfallen , Rose moisten he lip and swallow . she venture another little smile and the camera follow she as she walk up the step . the at-time - insufferable buddy come into the shot . he still have he hand on he hip daddy -style and he expression be inscrutable , neither friendly nor hostile . rose ( cont 'd ) what 's you name ? what do they call you ? finally , the boy speak -- and he be not so bad . he 's a child after all . buddy lot of thing . buddy , mostly . rose ( greatly reassure , a real smile now ) buddy . well , now , that 's a nice name , I like it . I be real pleased to meet you . ( solemnly hold out she hand , they shake ) hey , look , do you think you get a cold drink of ice water somewhere ? buddy sure . let I take you suitcase . a warm and beautiful smile come on Rose 's face and a little twinkle come into she eye . the innocence and sweetness be not lose , that be never lose , but this be a girl who like boy and man . rose you be sweet . int . hillyer home bedroom study - day CUT to a shot of buddy 's mother , Mrs. hillyer , in a Morris chair in she bedroom study . mother be a sensitive , kind and rather appeal if slightly eccentric lady of about 37 or 38 . she wear glass , have a victorian hairdo and a 1930ish style dress . at the moment mother be absorb in she study -- notebook and history book be litter and pile everywhere around she chair . she be drink a coca - cola and smoking a cigarette hold by a bobbie pin . calmly , she glance up as buddy enter the room . the camera pull back to include he . buddy the new girl be here . mother wonderful . what 's she like , brother ? what be you impression of she ? buddy she talk a great deal and smile a lot . she 's very pretty , she have a real good figure . she 's very girlish or womanish , if you know what I mean . she would not hurt anybody , this girl . she could not . mother accept she son 's precocious pronouncement as perfectly normal ; talk to he as if he 's a adult . mother you impression be very reassure , brother . of course she 's have trouble , poor thing , but I sense that be that the girl be like and I be glad to have it reconfirm . buddy you mean confirm , mother . I do not confirm it before . I would have have to confirm it previously , in order for it to be reconfirm . mother all right , all right . doll and waski be upstairs take they nap , you go get they and bring they down to the live room . where be the girl ? buddy in the kitchen drink all the ice water in glenville . she walk out here , she do not go by the hotel . mother walk , in all that heat ? it 's a wonder she have not get sunstroke . I will phone daddy and you go get doll baby and waski . dissolve to : int . hillyer home - live room a shot of mother , Rose , buddy , doll and waski in the live room of the hillyer household . doll be a pretty little girl of about 11 , waski a boy of 5 . mother 's tone be very gentle , very sweet , very kind . her unabash admiration for she own child have a ingenuousness that be more amusing than offensive . mother Rose , this be waski . his real name be Warren but we call he waski . he do not like it much and I suppose someday we will have to stop call he that . waski you can stop it right now . mother when he be baby we call he " wa wa , " a baby name , you know . you will find he a very good boy . his brother can be bad and so can he sister , but waski be a very good boy . and as you can see he 's beautiful . waski oh , mother , cut it out . mother ( serenely ) there be plenty of girl who would give thousand of dollar to have you auburn hair . beauty be beauty and that 's all there be to it . beauty be there and we have to recognize it . now Rose , the little girl sit across from you with the blue eye be doll baby . she look like a angel and she be a angel , but she can be a naughty angel sometimes , although she father will not believe it . her real name be france , but we call she dolly or doll . doll I do not like that , either , it 's worse than waski . I want to be call Fran . mother daddy would not hear that . now the redhaire boy you see sit there , of course you have meet he , he be my oldest son and my most brilliant child . all child have great creative power , but I do not want to rattle on about my child , they say I brag too much about they , especially about brother . be I boring you , Rose ? Rose have not as yet catch on to mother 's style and be stare at she with lip apart and blue eye slightly pop . rose ( feebly ) oh , no , mar 'am . mother well , it 's rather interesting about brother , actually . I realize the remarkable thing he have when he be six week old . he look at I and understand I , he know exactly who I be . I know it sound crazy but it 's true . he 's very remarkable , he be bear for the ministry and could move million , but he do not know that yet . I have to warn you about he , he can be very dangerous , there be a evil streak in he , a streak of pure sheer meanness . but at heart brother be saintly and that be why he be bear for the ministry even if he do not know it . thus , mother . slightly cuckoo , a bit out of touch with reality , but no fool . a very intelligent woman really , and very , very gentle and kind . her style , however , take a little get use to and she long speech throw Rose completely . she stare at mother in speechless open- mouth awe , unable to say a word . the camera move in closer on Rose as she moisten she lip , swallow , try to talk and can not . she be very , very nervous . now she flinch and look around as we hear a deep masculine voice over the shot . it be the voice of daddy , Mr. hillyer , buddy 's father . daddy' voice honey , you will scare the gizzard out of the girl go into the fourth dimension like that . another angle on daddy in the doorway of the live room . he be a handsome man of about forty with a style and a manner all he own . as extravagant as he remark often be and funny though he be at time , the man have a courtly Southern dignity that be never lose . he be no clown , he be not even a comedian , he be a man and a formidable man at that : all the character in this story love and fear he . we see now where buddy get he unreadable expression thing and he hand on the hip thing . daddy be unreadable . a straw hat be on the back of he head , a roll - up glenville tribune be in he hand , he hand be on he hip . he be stare with what seem to be stern fierceness at they all , but he attitude really be inscrutable . mother it be not the fourth dimension . to you it 's the fourth dimension , maybe , to I it 's simply the truth . daddy ( stare fiercely at Rose ) well , well , well . so miss rosebud have arrive . un-hmm . and you be all assemble here . yes , indeed . un hmmm . daddy walk in as Rose stare wide - eye at he . it be obvious he scare the absolute bejesus out of she , she look actually as if she might faint , she hand tremble on she lap and she knee quivering beneath she cheap and tacky dress . but she have a surprise come . she be soon to lose all she fear of he , every bit of it . daddy walk over and sit in a chair beside she , stare fiercely at she for a moment , then begin a long speech . again , extravagant as this speech be , he be no clown , he be not " be funny , " he mean every word he say . daddy ( cont 'd ) well , rosebud , now you be here , darling , and I swear to God graceful as the capital letter S. you will adorn we house , rosebud , you will give a glow and a shine to this old wall . if there 's one thing I like to have around , it 's a frizzy - haire blonde . now I assume Mrs. hillyer and the child have introduce themselves and make you acquaintance , and so forth and so on ? Rose can barely answer , eye fix in rapt fascination on he , a half whisper . rose yes , sir . daddy all right . now as head of this household I have a couple of remark to make . it be my dear wife 's belief , which I accept although I do not totally grasp it , that to hire a person to do household work be a criminal practice . therefore , you be here not as a servant , you be here as a friend , as a guest and hopefully as a member of this family . you will eat you meal with we , you will share life itself with we -- in love and harmony , dear rosebud , in love and harmony . do you understand I ? rose ( a half whisper ) yes , sir . daddy pause , then in a different tone , he hide gentleness and kindness be much more plain ; as he talk Rose 's eye begin to well with tear . daddy now , I know you have have some trouble in you life , that ... scoundrel in Birmingham and so forth try to ... lead you astray . I hope you find a safe haven here , honey , I know you have have a hard time . life can be cruel to a young girl all alone . we welcome you to we home , rosebud , we all welcome you from the heart and hope you be happy here . Rose bite she lip , she eye be fill with tear ; a inaudible whisper . rose yes , sir . int . hillyer home various shot of Rose do household chore : sweeping the floor , vacuume , cooking . she be cheerful in she work , smile , good -humor and she work hard . it be obvious she be happy . we see the child in most of this shot . it be apparent Rose be a very good worker and very happy in she new home . int . hillyer home - kitchen - day Rose be wash the dish while the child finish breakfast . buddy look up from this cornflake with a slightly sly expression . buddy Rose , who be that scoundrel in Birmingham ? rose nobody . buddy but who be they ? rose they be just bad man , that 's all . buddy in what sense be they bad ? rose bad be bad , buddy . there be not no sense to it . buddy do they try to induce you to become a prostitute ? Rose turn around , lift she eyebrow , toss down the dishcloth . rose I do not answer talk like that , buddy . I just do not hear it , I turn my back and look away . Rose turn she back on he . buddy be that what they try to do ? be that why daddy give you the job , to save you from that scoundrel ? rose you daddy be a wonderful man , I will say that . he 's the best and most kind - heart man in the world . buddy hey , Rose , do you hear about that terrible thing down in cave Springs ? rose what terrible thing in cave Springs ? buddy there be this old man that eat he niece . Rose stare emptily for a moment , then bite she lip together . rose I do not hear you . I do not hear that . buddy he really do , he eat he little niece . he make pork chop out of she . rose I do not hear you . I just turn my back on that kind of talk and look away . buddy well , it 's only the truth . there be horrible thing in the world , Rose . rose buddy , you be in one of you evil mood , I do not want to talk to you . I be go out and sweep the patio . Rose exit and the camera stay on buddy , doll and waski . buddy Rose be almost as sentimental as mother . if there 's one thing I can not stand it 's sentimentality . in chattanooga this man commit a almost perfect murder . he kill he wife with a black widow spider . doll oh , shut up , buddy . waski yeah , shut up . ext . hillyer home - patio - day CUT to a shot of Rose on the stone patio of the hillyer house , a attractive area with outdoor furniture and crabapple tree limb overhead . Rose be busy sweeping . the camera pan to follow she and we pick up Mrs. hillyer , mother . it be a nice day and she be study out on the patio , book and notebook pile around . Rose glance down curiously at she . rose what be you study now , Mrs. hillyer ? mother more history , Rose . rose be you go to get you degree soon ? mother well , I be work on my thesis . rose ( as she busily sweep ) it must be wonderful to be so smart . I do not see how you do it , read all that book , learn all that stuff . mother ( look up , and gently ) Rose , you work too hard . why do not you go sit down somewhere and drink a co-cola ? rose ( smile , trust and know mother now , not at all afraid of she ) you be so sweet . Rose again busily sweep . mother really , why do not you go sit down somewhere ? rose I like to work . I do not mind work . it 's the least I can do after all you and Mr. hillyer have do for I . ( stare worshipfully at mother ) you be so sweet . there never be nobody like you . mother ( gently ) well , you run on now . rose yes , ma'am . exit Rose . mother adjust she notebook and turn the page of a history book as she resume she study . we hear the sound of a approach car and she glance up . ext . hillyer home - driveway - day CUT to a shot of a slightly wear - out 1932 model-a Ford as it roll up the driveway of the hillyer home , daddy at the wheel . ext . hillyer home - patio - day another angle , on daddy as he get out of the model -a . he have he usual straw hat on the back of he head . the camera follows he as he walk onto the patio . daddy good morning , sweetheart . beautiful day . mother yes , it 's so nice I think I would work outside . daddy how go it , darlin' ? mother slow , hon . but at least I can concentrate now that Rose be here . daddy what do you think of she , honey ? mother do not answer , she write on , head bow over she notebook . we see in this shot the hearing aid she wear and hear from it a faint buzz . daddy ( cont 'd ) turn up you hearing aid . mother what ? daddy you hearing aid , it 's buzzing at I like a snake . mother ( adjust hearing aid ) oh. do you say something ? daddy I ask you what you think of rosebud , now that she 's be here a while . mother honey , she 's perfect . she work all the time and she 's wonderful with the child . and they love she , even brother like she though he will not admit it . I think she 's just perfect . daddy um-hmm . almost too perfect . mother and she 's such a good-heart thing , there be not a ounce of harm or malice in she . daddy well , I will admit I do not see any fly on she yet . mother there be no fly on Rose , I do not know what you be talk about . daddy well , she must have do something to encourage that scoundrel in Birmingham , even if she do run away from they . int . hillyer home - kitchen - day CUT to a shot of buddy in the window of the kitchen . he be propped on he elbow and listen with keen interest to the talk on the patio . we hear the voice of he parent over the shot . mother' voice if you mean ... boy and man , I do not think so . Rose seem very calm about all of that . daddy' voice well , so far I have to agree . she seem calm as lettuce . the camera follows buddy as he draw back into the kitchen . we see doll and waski play a game on the kitchen table . buddy daddy say Rose be calm as lettuce . do you believe that , doll ? doll no . waski neither do I . buddy oh , waski , you do not even know what we be talk about . waski I do , too . buddy turn , look back out the window . ext . hillyer some - patio - day CUT to mother and daddy on the patio . daddy stand up . daddy well , let 's hope for the best , darlin' . mother hope for the best ? I do not understand all this skepticism . I think you like Rose . daddy I love rosebud , I be wild about rosebud . I just hope she do not turn out to be a hide hotcha character , that 's all . we have grow child in the house . mother hotcha character . if I have to live with you cynicism , I would not want to live at all . what you can not understand be that the creative force of the universe be positive , not negative . daddy ( gently , he irony be mild ) all right , darlin' , do not go off into the fourth dimension . mother I be not in the fourth dimension -- ( point a finger at he ) -- you be in the fourth dimension , when you allow skepticism and doubt to take control . as blake say , if God have doubt the sun would go out . daddy ( again gentle irony , always courtly toward she ) forgive my crudity , darlin' . I do not understand this deeper thing the way you do . mother ( reach up , take he hand ) be nice to Rose . she 's never have a real home . daddy you be a wonderful woman , darlin' . as long as you be around , I be sure the sun would not dare go out . int . hillyer home - kitchen - day CUT to a shot of buddy and doll and waski in the kitchen . doll and waski be play parchesi on the kitchen table . buddy turn from eavesdropp at the window and stroll across the kitchen , hand in he khaki pants . buddy it 's pitiful . neither one of they know . doll ( as she shake dice ) I think daddy suspect . buddy no , he do not . not really . the camera follows buddy as he go to the hall door , carefully open it to make no noise and peer down the hall . int . hillyer home - front hall - day CUT to a Pov shot of Rose busy dusting hall furniture , hum as she work . we hear on the track the SOUND of the model -a start , and Rose freeze . then , quickly , Rose hurry down the hall toward the front door . on buddy as he watch she through a crack in the door . he have he hand on he hip daddy -style and he face be expressionless . another angle , Pov of buddy but closer on Rose at the end of the hall . she be stare soulfully through the glass of the front door as we hear the model - a go down the driveway . Rose lift a hand between she breast , sigh . a lovesick expression be on she face . int . hillyer home - kitchen - day on buddy , as he come back into the kitchen sadly shaking he head . buddy it 's really pitiful . she 's in bad shape . doll she 's watch the car again ? buddy yeah . doll I get so irritate with daddy . he 's so dumb sometimes . waski yeah , I know . buddy oh , waski , you do not know anything . waski I do , too ! buddy all right , what do you know ? waski Rose be madly in love with daddy ... doll ( pause , then solemnly ) well , do not tell mother . waski do you think I be crazy ? dissolve to : int . hillyer home - dine room - night a shot of the family at dinner in the dining room at night . daddy be at the head of the table , mother be at the other end . buddy , doll and waski be all seat in neat , nice clothes , hand wash and hair comb . Rose be serve , but a place be set for she . she wear a attractive little apron and be smile , blush , happy as daddy tease and joke at she . daddy ( in a good humor ) rosebaby blossom , this be the most delicious candy yam I ever eat ! why , they just melt in my mouth . and this fry chicken be fit for a king . how do you do it , peachbird ? what be the secret of you art , plum blossom , huh ? rose ( blush , smile ) oh , I do not know , I ... I ... daddy rosebird baby , you be the light of my life , darlin' . how do we ever get by without you ? rose ( stare at he , stricken ) I ... I will get the grit . the camera follows Rose as she exit , and stop on buddy and doll . buddy slew he eye toward he sister , who meet he gaze for a moment then look down at she plate . the camera move on to mother , who be utterly oblivious of anything go on between Rose and daddy . mother Rose do have a gift for cooking . she learn so fast , but mainly I think it 's that she try so hard . int . hillyer home - dine room - night ( later ) another angle , on the family as they eat dinner . Rose be seat at the table now . she be pick lifelessly at she food and glance from time to time with a lovesick expression at daddy , who be busy eat and seem wholly unaware of it . mother also be wholly unaware , but all the child know what be happen . Rose take a gravy for a biscuit and spill a little , she hand be tremble . mother ( gently , suspect absolutely nothing ) Rose , you be in a awful dither tonight . what 's the matter with you , honey , be you sick or something ? rose ( in a feeble voice ) no , mar 'am , I be just fine . mother you look sick if you ask I . I hate to leave you with the dish and all , but I be suppose to go to a meeting of the Garden Club this evening . ( to daddy ) I will need the car key . daddy I will drive you , darlin' . you have get no business behind the wheel of a automobile . you do not think about what you be do and you will run into a telephone pole . mother I think about what I be do all the time , and I have get as much business behind the wheel of a automobile as anybody . besides , I want you to stay and help Rose with the dish , the poor girl be not feel well . daddy all right , darlin' . dissolve to : int . hillyer home - dine room - night ( later ) a shot of daddy alone in the dining room , read a newspaper and drink coffee . Rose come into the picture , get dish as she clear the table . she stare with a lovesick expression at daddy , who be absorb in paper . daddy ( to himself , mostly ) hmmp . do you realize there be a thousand coca -cola millionaire in Atlanta ? int . hillyer home - front hall - night CUT to a shot of buddy and doll tiptoeing down the darken hall toward the front door . we hear the model - a go down the drive . they peer out of the glass of the front door . they whisper . buddy there go mother . doll yeah . buddy let 's go peep from the live room . doll okay . int . hillyer home - live room - night the camera follows they as they tiptoe into the darken live room . they go over to the slide door and silently struggle for the best peeping spot . buddy get up high , doll down low , at the crack in the door through which light shine . int . hillyer home - dine room - night CUT to a Pov shot of the dining room , as see by child . daddy sit absorb in he paper , oblivious of Rose . she be stare down at he with a pale look of love . int . hillyer home - live room - night CUT to a close - up of buddy and doll , they head together . they whisper . doll I think she 's gonna kiss he . buddy at least . int . hillyer home dine room - night CUT to a Pov shot of daddy and Rose , as see by child . the table now be clear and Rose stand half behind daddy , stare down at he with a stricken expression . daddy ( half to himself ) ehh , Lord , should have buy that stock when we have some money . a thousand millionaire . Rose suddenly make up she mind , place she hand on he shoulder , turn sideways , sit down on he lap , put a arm around he neck . rose oh , oh ! oh , Mr. hillyer , I love you , I love you so much ! I have try , but I can not help it ! please kiss I -- will you kiss I ? for a long time daddy stare groggily at she with a half frown as if he can not believe it . in order to stare at she , he must tilt he head back and , handsome man though he be , he look a bit like a startle rooster . her breast be press against he , and she eager - pink lip be wait for a kiss . daddy ( finally clear he throat ) ahh-hem ! now , Rose , get off my lap . what be you do , girl ? be you crazy ? rose yes , crazy about you ! kiss I , Mr. hillyer ! daddy why , I be not go to kiss you , you crazy girl . now I be tell you again , get off my lap . come on , Rose , get up . now you get up , I say , and stop this ! rose no , no ! you do not understand , I love you ! it 's real love and I can not help it ! please kiss I , Mr. hillyer , I love you , I love you so much ... Rose break down and begin cry , she head on he shoulder . she have she arm wound tight around he and daddy seem at a loss what to do . daddy ( in a shake voice ) all right , all right . now calm down , Rose , the child will hear you . calm down , let 's talk ... about this thing , let 's discuss it . rose ( sobbing ) do not make I ... I ... I ... get up ! daddy calm down , Rose , let 's calm down and discuss it ... int . hillyer hoke - live room - night CUT to a shot of buddy and doll . doll be down near the floor and can not see as well . they whisper . doll I can not see . what be they do , what 's happen ? buddy they be discuss it . doll I can not see , let I see ... doll try to rise up and buddy put a hand on she head and shove she down . buddy this be my place and you can not have it . doll ( a whisper moan of frustration ) ohhh - hh ... what 's happen now ? buddy ( he eye open wide ) he 's try to get up -- good God , one of she titty be out ! doll let I see ! int . hillyer home - dine room - night CUT to a Pov shot of daddy and Rose , as he struggle to rise from the chair . they be half fall to the floor and now they fall , Rose still on he lap . one of she breast have come out of she dress , which be very loose and low-cut . she have no bra , the breast be bare . daddy be stare groggily at the breast as if slightly daze . int . hillyer home - live room - night CUT back to buddy and doll . buddy be frustrated now . buddy now I can not see . what be they do ? doll ( happy , peeping through crack ) Boy ! wow ! buddy groan and peer intently through crack . int . hillyer home - dine room - night a Pov shot of scene as observe by buddy . he be up too high , the dining table block he view . we see the lower half of Rose and daddy . Rose 's skirt be up well above she knee . int . hillyer home - live room - night CUT to a shot of buddy and doll . doll wow ! brrrother ! buddy what be they do ? doll buddy , this be amazing , you would not believe it . buddy what be they do , doll ? doll ( stare , enthralled ) he kiss she . buddy be that all ? doll ( happily , enjoy it ) he have he hand on she titty . buddy let I look . ( can not stand it , grab she around waist and pull she away ; eagerly look , sag ) aww -rr ... CUT to a Pov shot of the scene in the dining room . int . hillyer home - dine room - night down low , we can see under the dining room table now . daddy have he hand on Rose 's shoulder and be firmly push she away . daddy all right , that be enough of this nonsense , and I mean enough ! get up off this floor , Rose , and put you damned tit back in you dress ! do you hear I , girl , get up off of that floor ! Rose , on all four , blonde hair over she face , make little whimper noise of dismay : rose ohh-hhh ... ohh ... int . hillyer home - live room - night CUT to buddy and doll . buddy ( disappointed ) she 's put the titty back . doll ( a furious whisper ) buddy , that be my place . doll force she way in and they both peep through crack in door . int . hillyer home - dine room - night CUT to a Pov shot of Rose and daddy . Rose stand sheepishly by the dining room table , half - cry as she adjust she dress . daddy sit in he dining room chair . daddy be glaring at she . daddy goddamn you , girl ! you have make I make a fool out of myself , damn you hide , but let I tell you I be stand at the pass of thermopylae and I will not budge ! the very idea , my own home with child in the house , to say nothing of my wife -- oh-h , you have better believe I be stand at thermopylae , you little nut , you have better believe it ! what be you , crazy ? a man be suppose to be a fool like this , but a woman be suppose to have some control and sense ! be you a nitwit ? what 's the matter with you ? rose ( weep ) oh-h , I be sorry . I be sorry , Mr. hillyer ... I just ... could not help myself . I be sorry ... int . hillyer home - live room - night CUT to a shot of buddy and doll as they peep at the door . doll whisper angrily at he . doll buddy , that be pretty snotty of you , push I away like that just when it be interesting . buddy you should not watch such thing , doll . they continue to peep with interest through the crack in the door . int . hillyer home - dine room - night CUT to a shot of Rose and daddy . now Rose be sit penitent and cry in one of daddy 's handkerchief . daddy 's anger be go , he have get control of himself and speak to she now in a different tone . he sit beside she , a arm around she shoulder in a fatherly way . daddy Rose , Rose , Rose , you poor miserable little child , do not you know I love you ? do I have to put my hand on you body or kiss you pretty lip to prove it ? you be beautiful to I , Rose , I have love you since you first come here , darlin' . and do not you know Mrs. hillyer love you , too , that she 's already take you into she heart , and that that woman 's heart be as wide as the blue sky itself and as deep as the star ? rose ( weep in handkerchief ) oh , I know . she 's so sweet , she 's be so good to I ... daddy do you know what a friend you have get there ? do you know she would fight for you like a tiger , that she would fly to you defense in a instant with all the courage in she soul if anyone try to hurt you ? be this any way to repay she trust and love ? be you ashamed as I be ashamed ? ( pause as Rose sob in handkerchief ) do not cry , honey , do not cry . but let I warn you , damn you hide , this be thermopylae and I be stand here . do you hear I , damn you . I be stand at thermopylae and the Persians shall not pass ! now get you tail out of here and go wash that dish , and stop cry ! int . hillyer home - live room - night CUT to buddy and doll in the darken live room . he gesture that they would better leave , and they do . the camera follows they as they tiptoe out of the live room . int . hillyer home - front stair - night another angle , on buddy and doll as they tiptoe up the front stair . int . hillyer home - top of stair - night on buddy and doll at the top of the stair . they pause to talk and now they do not have to whisper . doll be happy , pleased . doll be not daddy wonderful ? he want to kiss she some more and play with she , but he do not , because he love mother and all of we , and he love Rose , too . be not he wonderful , be not he great ? buddy ( dryly , aloof ; he do not mean this really ) wonderful ? he kiss she and play with she titty , and I do not see anything so great about that . he be probably afraid mother would come back early and catch he . doll you know , buddy , sometimes you make I sick . doll give he a venomous glance and walk away . the camera stays on buddy as he stare after she with a thin little smile . be seem wryly amused that he have make she angry . after a moment , he turn and stare in the direction of downstairs and he face change . his smile fade , then slowly return as he think of what have happen . buddy ( quietly , to himself ) thermopylae . the Persians shall not pass . it be obvious that secretly buddy admire very much he father 's behavior . dissolve to : int . hillyer home buddy bedroom - night a shot of buddy at night in he small bedroom . he wear a rather skimpy old - fashioned nightshirt that come midway between he hip and knee . at the moment he be finish brush he tooth at the bureau , use a old fashioned water pitcher and bowl . the camera follows as he walk across the room in the light of the lamp by he bed . he look around cautiously , then pick up the mattress of he bed . he push it far back and we see spring . he take out a small " book " or pamphlet and stare gravely at it . close -up : the front cover of the pamphlet . we see the overall title : little dirty comic book . and beneath it : blondie and dagwood . and beneath that , in smaller letter : " Mr. dither come to dinner -- and how ! " we see buddy 's hand in the shot , and he open the pamphlet and we catch enough of a glimpse of the thing to know it be pretty awful -- a draw maybe of " blondie " stark naked with a finger in she mouth go , " tee - hee ! " on buddy , as he stare down with grave intentness at the Little dirty comic Book . slyly now , he retrace he step to the bureau and take out a flashlight . he go back to the bed , switch off the lamp , get in the bed and turn on the flashlight and pull the cover over he head . we hear a faint SOUND on the track and buddy suddenly yank back the cover , put the flashlight on the table by the bed and throw the Little dirty comic Book under the bed . he lie on pillow and pretend he 's asleep , and we hear the door of he room OPEN and a creaking on the floor . another angle , on a weepy Rose in a very thin nightgown . the shot be from below as buddy might see she as she stand over he bed . she look very lonely and unhappy and be half cry . rose buddy ... be you asleep ? another angle , on both of they . buddy stare at she in surprise . it be dim in the room , but we can see they in the moonlight . buddy no , I be awake . what 's the matter ? rose buddy , I be wander in a wilderness , lose . ( sit glumly on edge of bed ) I just feel awful . do you mind if I get in bed with you for a little while ? buddy well , all right . another angle , on Rose and buddy in the bed in the moonlight . it be all innocent enough , buddy be a child and Rose obviously have no lewd intent in get into he bed . she lie back on a pillow stare up at the ceiling and smoking a cigarette . rose I think I would go crazy back there in that room all by myself with nobody to talk to . as a child , I never have no room all to myself , we be awful poor . buddy ... I have get a confession to make . buddy what be it , Rose ? rose it 's so terrible I can not tell you . oh , buddy , you do not know how it hurt to have a break heart , what a terrible feel it be , and I have have a break heart so many time . Men , I do not understand they , I can not figure they out and they break my heart , that 's all . I can not find Mr. right , buddy , I can not find he no matter how hard I look , all I find be a whole pile of Mr. wrong . but this be the worst ever because it be not he fault . it be my fault , oh yes , my fault , I be bad -- oh God , I be bad , you would not believe how bad I be . buddy ( a little smile ) what would you do , Rose ? rose buddy , I be horrible . I can not tell you who it be , but do you know what I do ? I sit on he lap and get ahold of he and wiggle and wiggle my ass on he and be worse and you could know , a child like you . why , I let one of my tit fall out deliberate on purpose and practically smack he in the face with it and I let my dern skirt come up so he could see my drawer ... ( pause , realize this be not too dignify ) but to get back serious to what I be sayin ' , it be not only , buddy , the loss of he but my own bad behavior what bother I so ... buddy you be pretty bad , huh ? rose why , it have just make I ill , buddy . I be sick . I do not want to eat nothin ' , I do not , and I I get a good appetite , that be not nat 'ral for I . I be ill . buddy ( slyly , pretend he do not know ) but , Rose , what be the cause of it all ? rose promise not to tell doll ? -- or nobody ? buddy , it 's you daddy ! I be so much in love with he I be out of my mind ! buddy but , Rose , how could such a thing as that happen ? rose I fall madly in love with he when he call I rosebud . you know that first day when I come and he say I look graceful like a capital letter S and call I rosebud ? I fall madly in love with that man right then . ( sigh tragically ) but it 's a lose love , buddy . he 's a good man and will not have nothin ' to do with I . another angle , on Rose and buddy in the bed . buddy have propped on a elbow and be stare down at she breast in the moonlight -- we see the soft notch between she breast in the open V of she thin nightgown . she be completely unself conscious with he . buddy ( casually ) can I touch you here ? before she can answer , he touch she breast with he finger through she nightgown . buddy ( cont 'd ) hmmm , it 's soft . it 's awful soft . rose ( casually , do not object ) what do you expect ? buddy well , I think they be more like a cantaloupe . rose ha ha ha , that 's some idea , a cantaloupe . buddy ( touch she breast more boldly , he hand outside the nightgown ) there 's some kind of gristle in it , though . rose buddy , quit that , you be just a child , you be not suppose to be interested in such thing . buddy actually , I be , though . rose ( dreamily , think of daddy as she smoke cigarette and stare up at the ceiling ) you know , that daddy of yours be the funniest man , the thing he say , you never know what 's go to come out of he mouth next . buddy can I put my hand inside you nightgown , Rose ? rose no , you can not . and I will tell you this -- he scare I . as kind as he be , he scare I . you can not fool around with he , not with that man . and , boy , I sure better not try nothin ' like that with he again , he will fire I . buddy Rose , can not I see what the nipple on it be like ? rose ( frown ) buddy , what 's come over you ? a child like you , askin ' such thing . buddy but I be curious , Rose . put he hand in she nightgown . rose buddy , get you hand offa I ! quit it , get you hand away ... take he wrist . buddy just for a second . please , Rose , what 's the harm ? rose ( gently ) buddy , you do not realize it but what you be do be not nice . buddy aw , come on , Rose , I want to see what the nipple on it be like . rose you don ' t need to know that . it 's none of you business . buddy aw , be a good sport , Rose . ( sweetly , almost sugarily ) you like I , do not you ? I like you a lot . int . hillyer home - master bedroom - night CUT to a shot of mother 's bedroom - study in the moonlight . we see daddy lie wide - awake in a single bed stare broodingly out into space . mother lie asleep in a big four poster in the background of the shot . daddy sigh wearily to himself in the grip of " insomnia in reverse . " int . hillyer home - buddy bedroom - night CUT back to buddy and Rose in bed . he have evidently sweet talk she into let he fiddle with she ; he hand be - in she nightgown . there be no indication of lewd interest on Rose 's part , a peeve and exasperate look be on she face . buddy seem quite fascinate , however . rose well , be you satisfied now ? can we just lie and talk , huh ? buddy hmmph . it have a nipple , all right . rose ' course it do . buddy first I could not feel it , but now I feel it easily , it 's like a little acorn . rose ( moisten she lip , swallow ; it be affect she ; she frown ) all right , that 's enough . ( firmly push he hand away ) you be just a child and would not understand it , but that type of thing can stir a girl up . now lie back and we will talk . buddy that be very interesting . thank you , Rose . rose ( lighting cigarette ) do not mention it . buddy ( pensively , with the solemn pedanticness of a precocious child ) it be softer and I think , that be my main impression . you know , if you hit a girl there it would hurt she a lot . rose who would want to do such a thing as that ? buddy well , some fiend might . rose ( stare wonderingly at he ) you know , buddy , sometimes I can not figure you out at all . you can be very nice , but like you mother say there 's a evil streak in you . buddy there 's a evil streak in everybody , Rose . rose there be not none in you daddy . you know , what happen have just make I love he all the more . I not only love he , I respect he , I admire he . buddy Rose , I have a serious favor to ask you . rose most man would not do what he do . if they can get a girl they go right ahead and get she -- I guess to hell they do , just like a dern rabbit . ' course later they will tell she she 's no good when they do the same thing they selve . they be a bunch of monkey . I like them , but they be a bunch of monkey . buddy ( try to be casual ) Rose , since you be here in bed with I and everything and I have already touch you titty ... can not quite say it ; lean over and whisper in she ear and we do not hear what he say . rose ( she eye open wide as he whisper ) why , buddy , shut you mouth ! what a awful thing to say , and where do you get any such idea as that , anyhow ? buddy I be curious to see what it 's like . I be very curious , Rose . rose well , now that be just too bad ! curiosity kill the cat . buddy yeah , but satisfaction bring he back . can I ? rose no ! you ought to be ashamed of yourself astin ' such a nasty thing a child you age ! buddy can not I touch it a little , Rose -- not a lot , just a little ? rose of course you can not ! I be ... I be shocked at you , buddy , real shocked ! now you be quiet or I be go back to my own bed ! buddy please , Rose . I be curious , that 's all , I have a natural curiosity , it 's only human . you be my friend , be not you ? do not you like I ? ( again sweetly , almost sugarily ) I like you , Rose , a lot -- in fact , I love you . rose ( soften despite herself ) well , you be sweet , but you do not really love I . buddy yes , I do . please , Rose , be a good sport . rose buddy , you be just a child . buddy I be thirteen . and I have a natural curiosity . it 's only nature , Rose , that 's all . now what 's wrong with nature , huh ? rose well , nothin' . int . hillyer home - master bedroom - night CUT to a shot of daddy sit on the edge of he bed in pajamas . he look frowzle - haire and glum . the camera follows he as he wearily get up and walk across the bedroom in the moonlight and take a package of cigarettes from a bureau . be glance over he shoulder as we hear mother . mother what 's the matter , hon ? be anything wrong ? daddy no , darlin' . just that damnable insomnia in reverse . I sleep like a baby for a hour then I be wide awake . you go back to sleep . daddy light a cigarette and walk to the window and stare out at the moonlit night . the camera move in closer on he face and we see a weariness and strain he have not show before . daddy the Depression have get I . that miserable hotel , no money anywhere , strong man out of work , child hungry . it 's a great life if you do not weaken . dissolve to : int . hillyer home - buddy bedroom - night a shot close on Rose and buddy in bed . evidently Rose have weaken and be allow he to fiddle with she , but we can only surmise this , the shot be on they head and shoulder and a cloud have cross the moon , the light be more dim . a different look be on she face , a solemn expression as if she be listen to some far away sound that she find strangely haunt . she moisten she lip , speak in a slightly feeble voice . rose you better quit that . buddy but Rose ... rose I must be outta my mind . buddy , quit it . buddy be I hurt you ? rose ( pause , stare off as if listen , then in a even feebler tone , a half whisper ) no . no , you be not hurt I . ( moisten she lip , swallow ) but I think you better quit it . buddy but why , if I be not hurt you ? rose you would not understand . ( put a hand on he shoulder as if to push he away , but can not ; put she other hand over she eye ) oh , God , I must be outta my mind . what would you momma think ? the hand fall limply from Rose 's eye and she turn she head to the side and close she eye . helplessly , she lie there as the boy fiddle with she . int . hillyer home - front hall - night CUT to a shot of daddy walk down the downstairs hall in a bathrobe and slipper . he look very frowzle and sleepy . int . hillyer home - kitchen - night on daddy as he walk into the kitchen , turn on the light . he go to the ice box , a old - fashioned type make of wood that take cake of ice . be pour out a glass of milk . int . hillyer rome - buddy bedroom - night CUT to a very close shot on Rose 's face . the light be dim but we see perspiration on she forehead . her breathe be not normal . her eye be shut tight , she tooth be clench . CUT to a shot close on buddy . we do not see what he be do , but evidently he be fiddling with she . he seem quite interested in the proceedings . buddy Rose , beyond a doubt this be the most fascinating experience of my life . int . hillyer home - kitchen - night CUT to a shot of daddy in the kitchen as he sit rather gloomily at the kitchen table drink the glass of milk . daddy ( to himself ) ehh-hh , Lord , man bear of woman hath few day and they be full of trouble . int . hillyer home - buddy bedroom - night CUT to a shot close on Rose be buddy in the bed . the shot be of they head and shoulder . she have a arm very tight around he shoulder and she eye be shut tight . the moment of truth be at hand . rose ohh - hh ! ohhh - hh ! ( it 's all over ; she twist sideways , put both arm around he ) oh , buddy , you be so sweet . I love you a lot . int . hillyer home - kitchen - night CUT to a shot of daddy as he wash out the glass in the sink . int . hillyer home - buddy bedroom - night CUT to a shot of Rose and buddy in the bed . the extremity of she crime have dawn on Rose and she be sit up in the bed with a look of horror on she face . buddy be stare worriedly at she . buddy Rose , be you all right ? be you sick or something ? rose ( stare off in space , lose in horror ) no . no , I be all right . ( turn , stare at he , put a hand in woe on she forehead ) oh , God , what have I do ? I have rob a cradle and fall into hell ! ( fumble desperately on bed for cigarettes ) I must be crazy , a child like you . oh , God , oh , Lord . this be awful , this be terrible , I gotta get outta here ! another angle , on Rose and buddy as Rose in a panic get out of the bed , pull down she thin nightgown and tiptoe toward the door . she stop and look back as a chill think occur to she . rose buddy , you would not tell nobody , would you ? buddy ( a trifle too piously ) do not worry , Rose , I will not tell a soul . rose I sure hope you do not . ( still in a panic ) I gotta get outta here , good night . buddy ( sweetly ) good night , Rose . int . hillyer some - upstair hall and downstair hall CUT to a shot of daddy walk down the downstairs hall in he bathrobe . the shot be down the staircase and Rose in the upstairs hall tiptoe into the picture . a floorboard creak and he look up and see she . daddy Rose , what be you do up ? rose nothin ' , just goin ' to the bathroom . daddy be anything wrong ? rose no , sir . daddy well , good night . another angle on Rose in the upstairs hall . fortunately for she the light be dim . her knee be shaking beneath the nightgown , she look as if she might faint . rose good night . the camera follows she as she go on shaky leg down the hall . int . hillyer home - rose's bedroom - night CUT to a shot of Rose as she enter she small bedroom . feebly , as if totally exhaust , she shut the door behind she then lean against a bureau and state into its mirror . the horror of she own criminality have overwhelm she . with tremble hand , she take a cigarette from she half empty pack and find a wooden kitchen match on the bureau . her hand tremble visibly as she strike the match . she have not turn on the light in she room and she considerable charm be very apparent in the orange glow of the match . Burning match in she finger , she stare at she own reflection in the bureau mirror , transfix by a horrible realization . int . hillyer home - dream - cellar quick dissolve to blurred screen : the border of the screen be blurred , we be obviously see a nightmare fantasy . the shot be of a eager , excited , diabolically mischievous buddy and a astonished , awed doll . they be in some far dark recess of the cellar of the house and the scene be furtive , murky , cobwebby . buddy wait till you hear what happen ! now you wont believe this , doll , but Rose come in my room and get in my bed last night ... another angle on buddy from below with candlelight give he child 's face a sinister look . now he have " dracula " tooth and evil arched eyebrow . buddy ( cont 'd ) ... and she sweat and snort like a horse and have a horrible fit , she eyebrow be all scrunch up and she groan like she be eying and foam at the mouth ! int . hillyer home - rose's bedroom - night CUT to a shot of Rose stand horrify before the mirror . the match be still burn in she finger . quick CUT to : int . hillyer home - master bedroom / study a shot of mother in she study , a worried doll stand before she . the border of the screen be blurred , it be another flash of fantasy . mother yes , dear , what be it ? doll mother , buddy say Rose get in he bed last night and he fiddle with she and she snort and have a fit -- and he say I would too if I be grow -up . be it true , mother -- would I sweat and snort and froth at the mouth and have a horrible fit like he say ? mother stare in consternation at doll . quick CUT to : int . hillyer home - front porch - night a shot of daddy and Rose on the front porch of the house . the scene be murky , dark , gloomy night and the weather be bad . daddy have he arm rigidly thrust outward as he point down the driveway . a weep , slump Rose sadly walk down the step carry she cardboard suitcase . fantasy . daddy out ! out , you viper in the grass ! out ! never darken we doorstep , you immoral , terrible girl ! int . hillyer home - rose's bedroom - night CUT back to Rose stand before the mirror , sick with horror . a feeble whimper- like groan come from she . rose ohh -hh , ohhh - hh ... ( match burn she finger , she shake it out ) ouch ! oh-hh ... ohh ... another angle on Rose as she turn from the bureau and stare off into space , a very badly frighten girl . half -cry , she speak to herself . rose ( cont 'd ) he will tell them for sure , he will . oh , Lord , what can I do ? int . hillyer home - buddy bedroom - night CUT to a shot of buddy half asleep in bed . the light of the lamp by he bed go on and he sleepily open he eye . the camera come back and we see Rose in she nightgown stand by he bedside . she be very pale and tear be on she cheek . rose I hate to turn on this light , you daddy 's awake downstairs , but I have to take the chance . ( sit by he on bed ) buddy , please do not tell on I . buddy ( rather coolly ) I say I would not . rose ( she lip tremble ) buddy , I have to ask you , as bad as I have be please have pity on I and do not ruin I by tell they what I do . I know it be bad , it be bad and dumb . but mostly it be dumb , I do not mean you no harm , I would never want to hurt a hair on you head and that 's the truth . I love you . but they would think I do , they would think I be awful , they would despise I and hate I ... Rose bow she head and begin cry into she hand . CUT to a close shot of buddy . we hear the soft sound of Rose weep over the shot . buddy be affect , he flinty child 's heart have be touch , but he be not quite ready to admit it yet . he be struggle with himself , try to remain " cool " and not show he emotion . he frown , moisten he lip , swallow . with seem coolness , very much as in the scene with doll in which he deprecate daddy 's stand at thermopylae , he shrug . buddy well , I do not know what you be worried about . it be my idea , I be the one who think of it , not you . the camera pull back to include Rose . she be stare at the boy with hopeless despair . rose you do not understand . they would blame I , not you . and they would think I be awful , a disgustin ' girl , which I be , but buddy , please do not tell they . please do not . Ill have to go and I love it here , I love you whole fam'ly , you daddy , you mother ... ( pause , then make she final and ultimate plea in a shaking voice as tear run down ) buddy , I know I be no good , I be a bad girl but I can not help it , please have pity on I and do not tell ! please do not , please ... too much for buddy , he lose he " cool . " he swallow and blink as if he might cry , then sit erect in the bed and square he shoulder and assume a stern expression daddy style . buddy ( very solemnly ) Rose , they could stick splinter under my fingernails , and I will never say a word ! I will never tell they , because ... I love you ! rose ( see that he mean it , smile in relief and throw she arm around he ) oh , buddy , you do love I ! I know you do , know it all the time ... int . hillyer home - master bedroom - night CUT to a shot of daddy , lie in bed and stare up sleeplessly at the ceiling . insomnia in reverse have get he . daddy ( a half whisper to himself ) ehh-hh , Lord ... great life if you do not weaken . int . hillyer home - buddy bedroom - night CUT to a shot of Rose and buddy . Rose be sit on the bed beside he and she have dry she tear and get herself in hand . rose well , Ill tell you this . I have learn a lesson tonight . I be not gonna run around , but when I start botherin ' you daddy and worse robbin ' a cradle , I gotta face the fact of life . ( pause , then with firm resolution ) tomorrow mornin ' , I be gonna get myself up and go out . buddy ( a wee mite puzzle ) you be go to get yourself up and go out ? rose buddy , Mr. right be out there somewhere and I be gonna find he ! dissolve to : int . hillyer home - kitchen - day a shot of a coolly angry mother in the kitchen . it be late morning . as she talk the camera pull back to show a sheepish buddy stand " on the carpet before she . the other child , doll and waski , be seat at the kitchen table have hamburger for lunch . they be happily smile with schadenfreude amusement at they brother 's discomfiture . mother brother , when I have to wake you up at eleven o'clock in the morning you be either sick or you be up very late last night . ( point a finger at he ) and you be not read huckleberry Finn . I look and its not in you room . now what be you do ? buddy ( sheepish ) mother , I have to tell the truth . I be not read huckleberry Finn , I be read one of that Little dirty comic book . mother ( sadly ) oh , brother , I be so disappointed in you . you must not look at that horrible thing , they degrade the human image . brother ( hang head ) they be filthy , mother . mother sex be not ugly , sex be one of the most beautiful thing in life , the creative power of the universe be behind it . brother I know , mother . mother but we must respect that power , we must be in awe of it . brother I be in awe of it , mother . mother I do not think you be sufficiently in awe of it . get the castor oil . brother ( wince , as doll and waski happily smile ) oh , mother , not the castor oil . mother this be not punishment , I do not believe in punishment . it 's for you health . obviously you be sick if you can act like that . as she talk , buddy reluctantly get a bottle of castor oil and a tablespoon from a shelf and bring it to she . a smile doll come forward and hand buddy half of a orange . he make a face at she . mother take the bottle and pour out a tablespoon of castor oil . buddy ( wanly ) mother , cant you make it calomel instead of castor oil ? mother this be for you own good . when you look at negative , destructive thing like that little filthy comic book , you be sick . here , take this . buddy ( he be resign , there 's no way out ; he make a face , swallow the castor oil ) geccch , yehh , guhhhh ! mother stop gag like that and put on a show , and swallow it . buddy uhhh , gahdam stuff ! mother what do you say , brother ? buddy I say ahhh - dam stuff . mother no , you do not say that , brother . buddy yes , I do , mother . you hearing aid be not work right . I say ahhh - dam stuff . doll no , mother , he 's lie ... buddy shut up , doll . I will cut you gut waski ( happily excited , stammer ) he do lie , and ... and ... and mother , yesterday he steal money out of you pocketbook ! buddy quiet , you little muddy - eye brat , or Ill kill you ! mother Children , child ! be quiet , all of you ! ( the child at once simmer down ) the vibration in this house be strange today . where 's Rose , anyhow ? buddy she 's get herself up to go out . mother ( frown , adjust hearing aid ) what would you say , brother ? buddy she 's get herself up to go out . I think she 's come down the hall now . mother oh , yes , it 's Thursday . ( glance around at sound of a open door ) hello , Rose , dear ... ( she eye open wide as she stare at Rose , disconcert ; now weakly ) ... my , you be ... look pretty ... CUT to a shot of Rose in the doorway of the kitchen . she be quite a apparition . she wear bright red lipstick , pink rouge on she cheek , mascara and she hair be coiff up in some outlandish manner , but she clothes be the most remarkable thing of all . the skirt be of strange , pink , semi-shiny and very thin material and have about a dozen tiny little flower that could be rosebud sew on it . it fit extremely snugly to say the least . the blouse seem a composite : it have frilly white sleeve that be opaque and otherwise be make of filmy white material that be hardly opaque at all . she have no bra and she breast be half visible , the nipple dent the material . it be pretty wild for 1935 . she seem to have on no underwear of any kind ; the skirt , which cling to she like a bathing suit , show no panty seam . she be carry a shiny black patent leather pocketbook and have on high heel black patent leather shoe and no stocking . a ingenuous little smile be on she face . rose how do you like my outfit ? I make most of it myself . Rose walk in , " modeling " the outfit and the camera pick up mother . mother ( smile , slightly aghast ) well , it 's ... very gay . we hear the SOUND of the model a on the driveway . buddy here come daddy . rose ( stare down admiringly at the outfit ) I have a knack for design clothes . but I have to buy the shoe and the pocketbook . mother ( make up she mind to defend Rose ) well , I think it 's charming , rose. ( tactfully ) but do not you think ... ah , the skirt be a little tight ? rose oh , no , that 's the style . it 's mean to be cling . we hear the porch door slam . smiling , happy , Rose glance around . we hear the SOUND of the kitchen door open . CUT to a Pov shot of daddy in the kitchen doorway . as usual , he have a roll - up glenville tribune in he hand and a straw hat on the back of he head . his hand be on he hip and he be hunch forward as if he cannot believe what he see . daddy ye god and little fish . what have you do to yourself , Rose ? on they all . Rose be smile , happy to be the center of attention . rose nothin ' . I get myself up , that 's all . daddy get yourself up ? rose yeah . I be goin ' out . daddy walk slowly into the kitchen shaking he head . sit at table . daddy um-hmm . well , that be the damndest outfit I ever see in my life . you walk down the street like that and they will put you in jail , Rose . mother why , they will not either . she look pretty . and I wish you would not pick on the poor girl all the time . do not listen to he , Rose , you look pretty , even beautiful . rose ( smile affectionately at mother ) you be so sweet . daddy if you have get time before you go " out , " get I a half - a- cup of coffee , Rose . not a whole cup , a half - a- cup . rose why , sure , always get time to get you a half - a- cup , and one of this day I be gonna get you a whole cup and see what happen . daddy ( a growl , do not like joke about he foible ) um-hmmuhh . I never drink a whole cup , my nerve can not stand the caffeine . ehh-hh , Lord awful insomnia in reverse last night . Lay there and sweat blood for hour . doll ( sweetly ) daddy , buddy be up late last night read little dirty comic book . mother give he a dose of castor oil and he curse it , he take the lord name in vain , then claim he have not say it . he lie , daddy . mother you must not be a tattletale , dear . you must not be delilah-ish and Jezebel - ish toward you brother , dear . doll I be only try to help he , mother . buddy heh , what a hypocrite . mother ( to daddy ) I do wish you would speak to brother . it 's true he 's be look at that horrible little book again . daddy ( stare sternly at buddy ) Lay off of that stuff , son . it upset you mother . mother ( genuinely worried ) I be serious . we forget he 's just a child . I wish you would speak to he . daddy I will take he with I downtown . ( glance at Rose as she come with coffee ) and you , too , Rose , if you want a ride . rose sure , love one . here 's you half - a cup of coffee . daddy be stare with a very dubious frown at Rose 's skirt . he slowly shake he head . daddy that 's a pretty stylish skirt , Rose . the only thing I do not understand be how do you ever get it on . rose ( happy , pleased by he interest ) well , it have button . point to little button on right side of the skirt . daddy how can the button stand the pressure ? rose there be more on the other side . point to button on leave side . daddy turn around , darlin' . happy to oblige , Rose turn around . her plump , round , feminine behind be only too plainly reveal through the thin material . daddy slowly shake he head . daddy ( cont 'd ) they will put she in jail . the damn little fool might as well be naked . mother ( a wee mite worried ) well , it be a little tight . but it be not as bad as all that . no one will notice unless they have such thought in the first place . daddy who do not have such thought ? ( glance at wristwatch ) we would better get go . mother you be not have lunch ? daddy just half - a- cup of coffee . I never eat , darlin ' , you know that . not eat and reverse insomnia be my curse . let 's go , Rose , you and brother , let 's hit the road . mother Rose , you and brother wait in the car . I want to speak for a moment lo Mr. hillyer . rose yes , ma'am . mother doll , you and waski run on , too . ext . hillyer home - patio - day CUT to a shot of Rose and buddy as they walk out onto the patio of the house . Rose walk down the step to the flower garden and buddy follow . another angle on Rose and buddy as Rose pick a red rise and put it in she hair . ' rose do you momma really give you castor oil ? buddy yeah . rose ( put a arm around he shoulder ) you be my sweetheart . int . hillyer home kitchen - day CUT to mother and daddy at the kitchen table . mother ( earnestly ) I wish you would not pick on Rose and tease she like that . of course she clothes be silly , but she 's ignorant , naive , she do not know any better . daddy the girl worry I . if she walk down the street like that , a army will be follow she . mother well , I admit that outfit be not very modest . but she do not mean any harm , she just want to attract , attention . daddy she will succeed . mother I do not think you understand she . it be not sex she want , it 's love she want and this be the only way she know how to get it . daddy ( musingly ) that farmer in gadsden be awful eager to get rid of she , and I be beginning to see why . mother he and he wife both say she have a fine moral character and be wonderful with child . daddy well , she love child , all right . ( add dryly ) she love everybody . mother but that 's a wonderful quality , not a bad quality . ( take he hand ) have a little patience with she . she 's such a good-heart little thing and try so hard . daddy ( stare pensively at she ) you be the one who 's good-heart . ( rise ) as for Rose , let 's hope for the best . mother ( rise , again take he hand ) be kind to she . she love you so much . ( daddy stiffen slightly , and she add ) in a perfectly proper way , of course . daddy yes , of course . ext . hillyer home - driveway - day CUT to a shot of Rose and buddy wait in a model a . Rose be smile , happy to be go out . the red rise be prominent in she hair , daddy walk into the shot , get into the driver 's seat of the car , he glance in a wry manner at the flower in she hair . daddy what have you get in you hair , girl ? rose my rise . it 's kind of like a motto . people will say , there come Rose with she rise . daddy give she another wry stare and start the model A. CUT to a shot of the model a go down the driveway . ext . model a in town - day another shot or two of the model a on the quiet summer street of a sleepy little town in the Depression South of year ago . int . / ext . model a - day CUT to a shot of daddy , Rose and buddy in the car . buddy be in the middle . daddy be stare expressionlessly straight ahead . his tone be sternly neutral as he speak . daddy you be up late last night , brother . buddy well , a little . daddy reading dirty comic bock . ( glance shrewdly at he ) and you admit it ? buddy ( a trifle uncomfortable ) well , yeah . both Rose and buddy begin to look increasingly tense . hawkshaw the detective be on the scent . daddy stare ahead . daddy you be up late last night , too , Rose . rose ( meekly ) yes , sir . I have to go to the bathroom . a long pause , as daddy stare ahead . his expression be inscrutable . daddy ( finally , " casually " ) sometimes I think I be bear to be a detective . I get a feel about thing . I be not always right , but often I be . ext . model a by light - day CUT to a shot of the model a as it stop for a red light . int . / ext . model a - day CUT to a shot of daddy , Rose and buddy in the car . daddy turn and stare sternly at buddy . daddy Son , be Rose in you room last night ? buddy ( scared , but a good liar ) no . why should Rose be in my room ? daddy sternly scan they both . they stare back " innocently " at he . finally he seem to accept it . daddy I can not imagine why . it be just a think . daddy shift gear and face front . buddy glance upward in relief , as if to say , " wow , that be close . " daddy ( cont 'd ) where do you want I to let you out , Rose ? rose oh , anywhere downtown . daddy you do not know where you be go ? rose oh , I will just mosey around here and there . ext . model a - day CUT to a shot of the model a as it stop off the main street of a small sleepy Southern town . int . / ext . model a - day CUT to a shot through the side window on Rose , buddy and daddy . daddy be this ill right ? rose it will do just fine . ( get out of car ) bye-bye , see you later . Rose wave goodbye and walk off down the sidewalk , swinging she hip and she pocketbook , int . / ext . model a - day CUT to a front shot of daddy and buddy in the car as they stare after Rose . ext . STREET - day CUT to a shot of Pov daddy and buddy of Rose walk along . music . int . / ext . model a CUT to daddy and buddy . daddy slowly shake he head , shift gear .. ext . model a - day CUT to a shot of the model a as it roll along the main street . ext . model a - day another shot of the model a as it abruptly turn a corner . ext . model a - day on the model a as it abruptly turn around corner . evidently it be circle the block . ext . STREET - day CUT to a shot of Rose as she walk along , swinging she hip and she pocketbook and smile at whoever she see . she pass a few people and she smile cheerfully at they -- the man stare with a flat interest at she and the woman frown , but she smile at one and all . ext . model a CUT to a shot of the model a as it creep along . int . / ext . model a - day on daddy and buddy in the car . daddy they might arrest she . I doubt it , but they might . ext . STREET - bus stop - day CUT to a shot of Rose as she walk up to a bus stop . a fairly well -dress man with a door- to - door salesman kit be stand there . Rose glance at he then sidle up alongside he as if she 's wait for a bus . he glance at she for a moment with interest , but do not want to stare , look away . we see the model a stop in the background of the shot . ext . STREET - day CUT to a shot of daddy and buddy in the car , watch Rose . ext . STREET - day CUT to a shot of Rose and the Young salesman . Rose glance at the man , glance at he again , then sigh and speak . rose my foot sure do hurt . young salesman ( turn to she with a slow smile ) oh , yeah ? ext . STREET - day CUT to a shot of daddy and buddy in the car , watch . ext . STREET - day CUT to a long Pov shot of Rose and the Young salesman . they be talk amiably . both be smile . ext . STREET - day CUT to a shot of daddy and buddy . daddy she have make contact . ext . STREET - day CUT to another Pov shot of Rose and the Young salesman . it be another long shot . music on track . they be smile , talk . the Young salesman seem to ask Rose a question . she nod and take he arm and they walk off . ext . STREET - day CUT to daddy and buddy . daddy be stare pensively at the scene . daddy I never see anything like it . how do she pick he up so fast ? buddy I do not know . daddy the girl strike like a cobra . slowly shaking he head , daddy start the car . ext . STREET - day a shot of Rose and the Young salesman as they walk along . she be hold he arm and they be smile and talk as if the best of friend . we hear music on the track . the music continue over the follow montage of shot . int . honky tonk - various shot on Rose in a beer " honky tonk " with the Young salesman in a booth . he be drink beer , she be drink coca cola from a bottle . on Rose in the booth , another angle . a second man have join they , a big beefy man -- he be buster . ext . STREET - late afternoon on Rose as she walk down a sidewalk in late afternoon with buster and still another man , a tall fellow in a coca - cola Delivery man 's uniform or shirt . Rose seem to be innocently happy , but the man appear to be have a mild dispute . on Rose get into buster car as buster hold the door for she , smile . the coca - cola delivery man be leave on the sidewalk , disappointed . int . / ext . buster be car - dusk CUT to a shot of Rose in the car eat barbecue with buster . she be talk animatedly and he seem enchant with she . it be dusk . ext . hillyer home - night CUT to a shot of a car pull up in the driveway of the hillyer house . Rose get out , wave goodbye to buster . it be night . end music . int . hillyer home - master bedroom - night CUT to a shot of daddy in pajamas peer out of the bedroom window . daddy well , she 's back . mother ( o.s. ) what time be it ? daddy Quarter of twelve . mother ( o.s. ) be she all right ? daddy I do not see any bruise or break bone . CUT to a shot of mother in bed in the four poster . mother bruise and break bone , what kind of thing be that to say ? daddy walk into the shot , sit on the edge of the bed . mother ( cont 'd ) why should not she go out and have boyfriend ? daddy no reason at all , darlin' . mother well , I wish you would stop criticize and pick on she . daddy forgive my crudity , darlin' . all I be say be that a girl who would wear clothes like that be go to get in trouble sooner or later . mother ( doubtfully ) well , time will tell , will not it ? daddy yes , darlin' , time will tell . dissolve to : ext . hillyer home - patio - day a shot of mother on the patio study . it be a sunny afternoon . mother look up idly , look back down at she notebook , then look up again with a frown . CUT to a Pov shot of a scruffy - looking kan as he dart behind one tree to another . the scruffy-look man do not seem sinister , but he definitely be scruffy . on mother . frown , she put down she notebook and rise , walk toward the door of the kitchen . int . hillyer home - kitchen - day CUT to a shot of Rose wash dish in the kitchen . as usual , she be in a cheerful good humor . we see buddy at the kitchen table building a model airplane . mother come into the shot , worried , frown . mother Rose , that scruffy - look man be out in the yard again . rose ( she smile fade ) Mrs. hillyer , I do not know who he be , I really do not . mother I have better call daddy . int . HOTEL - day CUT to a shot of daddy behind the desk of a slightly run-down small hotel of the Depression era . he be hand a key to a guest . daddy glad to have you with we , Mr. Watson . make yourself at home . shadrach , take Mr. Watson 's bag . a black bellboy take the guest 's bag as daddy turn to answer a buz switchboard . int . hillyer home - kitchen - day CUT to a shot of mother talk on a phone . mother hello , honey ? that scruffy - look man be out in the yard again . int . HOTEL - day CUT to a shot of daddy at the switchboard . be be grim . daddy luckily , Johnson just walk in to relieve I . I will be right out there ! int . hillyer home - kitchen - day CUT to a shot of buddy and Rose in the kitchen . buddy Rose , you must know who the fellow be . rose ( innocently ) well , he might be that man who follow I home from the store the other day . but I do not know who he be , buddy , I really do not . ext . hillyer home - yard CUT to a shot of the scruffy-look man . be be half - crouch behind a big oak , peer at the hillyer house . we hear the approach of a car and the man look over he shoulder . CUT to a shot of daddy in the model a . the tire screech as he put on the brake . CUT to a shot of the scruffy-look man as he turn and run . on daddy as he jump out of the car . daddy come back here , sir ! come back here , you ! daddy run after the man . CUT to a shot of daddy run after he . CUT to a final shot of the scruffy-look man as he leap a hedge in full stride . ext . hillyer house - front porch CUT to a shot of a worried - look mother on the front porch of the house . buddy and a meek - look Rose be in the background in the doorway . a weary , out - of - breath daddy come into the shot and walk up the step , straw hat in hand . daddy I could not catch he . he run like a deer . daddy fix a stern glance on Rose . as he do so , mother and buddy also turn and look at she . Rose smile wanly . rose I do not know he . dissolve to : int . hillyer home - master bedroom - day a shot of Mrs. hillyer in she bedroom study . she be drink a coca - cola and smoking a cigarette hold by a bobbie pin . we hear the SOUND of a old - fashioned doorbell . she ignore it . ext . hillyer home - front porch - day CUT to a shot of a sullen - look young boy on the front porch . he be poorly dress . he ring the doorbell . this be billy . int . hillyer home - master bedroom - day CUT to a shot of mother . frown , she get up . ext . hillyer home - front porch on mother as she open the front door . a sullen billy stare at she . mother yes ? billy be Rose here ? mother she must have go out for a walk with the child . billy ( sullenly ) well , I get to see she . mother she be not here . and I be sorry , but Mr. hillyer do not want she to have caller during work hour . billy ( sullenly ) where be she ? mother I say she be not here . now you go home . be a nice boy and go home . gently but firmly , mother shut the door in billy 's face . a shot of billy frustrated on the front porch . sadly , reluctantly , he turn and walk off the porch down the step . int . hillyer home - front hall - day on mother , peer worriedly through the curtain of the front door . dissolve to : int . hillyer home - dine room - night a shot of the family at dinner at night . daddy , mother , Rose , buddy , doll and waski . the shot favor mother . mother that sulky boy be here again this afternoon . I be almost scared , he would not go away . daddy ( throw he napkin on table ) Rose , my patience be wear thin . first a scruffy man who run like a deer and now a sulky boy who wont go away . this be get to be a regular monkey and dog show . rose I swear to God I do not know who in the world he be . really , I do not , I do not know no boy like that , I do not . slowly , he face grim , daddy return he napkin to he lap and resume eat . the child be very silent and look a trifle scared . mother ( finally , in a small voice ) well , it be not Rose 's fault boy and man like she . you cant blame she for that , hon . daddy Rose , I realize you do not know this boy , but if you know anybody who do know he , if you have even a faint clue as to who he might be , then convey to he that he have better stay away from my house and stop scare my wife ... and I do not mean maybe . int . hillyer some - buddy bedroom - night CUT to a shot of buddy in he room at night . he be dress and at a study table listen with cheap earphone to a homemade crystal radio set . enter a rather somber - face doll in she nightgown . buddy ( listen ) chattanooga . I have St. Louis , Missouri . doll buddy , I be worried about Rose . buddy so be i. doll she have not get any sense . in some way , she 's awful dumb . buddy ( take off earphone , give it a moment of grave consideration , then he opinion ) it be not that she have not get any sense , doll . her basic intelligence be probably above average , maybe quite a bit above average . doll then why do she act so dumb ? buddy dumbness do not concern she , doll . and neither do smartness . you see -- buddy be interrupt by the SOUND of the distant angry shout of a man 's voice , evidently from somewhere outside in the wood because buddy and doll turn at once toward the window . in shock they listen . first man' voice you son of a bitch , what be you do here ?! second man' voice I would like to ask you the same question , you bastard ! first man' voice I tell you to stay away from she , goddamn you ! second man' voice you get no right to tell I to stay away from she , I know she before you do ! buddy oh , boy . oh , boy , oh boy . daddy be not go to like this . first man' voice she tell you to leave she alone , do not she ? second man' voice like hell she do ! you be the one she want to get shed of ! buddy come on ! he and doll hurry from the room . int . hillyer home - upstair hall and stair - night CUT to a shot of buddy and doll run down the upstairs hall and down the stair . the cam m follows they down the stair . int . hillyer home - back hall - night CUT to a shot of buddy and doll as they slow down and creep cautiously down the back hall to the back porch . we hear the man yell somewhere out in the dark bush . first man' voice you will swallow tooth yourself if you do not leave she alone , you ugly bastard ! go on , throw one , throw one ! second man' voice I will throw one , you son of a bitch ! we hear a great crashing in the bush , a smack of a fist , a groan of shock , a oath , a shout , more crashing . ext . back porch - night CUT to a shot from the Pov of the child , on daddy on the back porch as the light blaze on . he wear he bathrobe and have a big shotgun in he hand . now he speak in a loud , clear and very angry voice . daddy all right , I have get a parker shotgun here and it be load and the trigger be cocked and wherever you bird be and whatever you be do you have better get the hell out of here goddamn quick ! a sudden total silence ensue , then a sudden crashing in the bush as the " bird " take off . daddy ( cont 'd ) and do not come back , you son of bitch ! stay away from my house and home and my wife and child or I will blow you goddamn head off ! int . hillyer home - back hall - night CUT to a shot of buddy and doll as they cower in awe in the downstairs hall . daddy walk up to they carry the shotgun . he be grim and furious , but he voice be surprisingly calm . daddy you child go to bed . and brother , stay away from Rose , I will speak to she in the morning . int . hillyer home - upstair hall - night CUT to a shot of buddy and doll in the upstairs hall . doll meekly go to she room . buddy hesitates , look at Rose 's door , glance nervously back at the stair , then go to Rose 's door , knock softly , open it . int . hillyer home - rose's bedroom - night CUT to a shot of buddy and Rose as he stand in the doorway of she room . Rose be sit on the edge of she bed in she nightgown , a damp cloth hold against she jaw which seem a little swollen . a look of fear and guilt be on she face . rose ( rather feebly , as if it explain something ) I get a awful toothache . buddy ( quietly ) Rose , if you do not keep you boyfriend away from the house , daddy be go to fire you . rose ( innocently ) but I do not know who they be . buddy make a exasperate grimace and exit , shutting door . the camera remains on Rose as she roll she eye upward in dismay . dissolve to : int . hillyer home - dine room - day a shot of the family at breakfast in the dining room . the silence be deafen . everyone look depressed except daddy , who be aloofly calm . Rose 's head be bow meekly over she plate as we hear the clatter of silverware . finally , daddy speak in a almost pleasant tone . daddy well , Rose , my sleep be a little disturb last night , and so be Mrs. hillyer 's , and so be the child . how about you ? be you sleep disturb , too ? rose ( solemnly ) yes , Mr. hillyer , it be . I ... I hear strange voice in the night . daddy ( softly strumm finger , finally ) strange voice , Rose ? rose ( innocent as a angel ) yes , sir . daddy ( still aloofly polite ) now Rose , stop behave as if you be bo peep . that man have a flight last night because of some female in this house , and it be not dolly or Mrs. hillyer . mother ( very tense ) I do not think we ought to discuss this in front of the child . rose ( weep , a hand over she eye ) oh ... oh ... oh ! I think ... maybe ... one of them ... be Foster ... but I do not hardly know he ! daddy oh , shut up , Rose . shut you mouth and quit cry ! mother ( draw herself up ) I will not sit here and listen to you be brutal to this poor girl . daddy I be not be brutal to she ! mother you certainly be ! she have a awful toothache , look at she jaw , it 's all swollen . daddy ( try to restrain himself , aloofly polite to the utmost ) darlin ' , it be not my fault if the girl have epizootics -- -- the word mean " a animal epidemic , " and it 's a pet word of daddy 's ; he pronounce it epi-zoo - tics , not epi-zoo - to tics , and use it to mean any outrageous human malady -- daddy ( cont 'd ) -- I be not responsible for she epizootics and I do not bring about she epizootics . now listen to I . when I have to get up in the middle of the night and defend my home with a shotgun against a couple of damned scoundrel fistfight in the bush -- mother scoundrel ? they be not scoundrel , they be just boy . daddy boy ? you say to I boy ? mother yes ! yes , I say that to you , they be boy ! Boy friend of Rose , chat 's what they be , and why should not she have boy friend ? do you want she to be unnatural ? do not you think she 's human the same way you be yourself ? it 's the South , that 's what it be , the South with its horrible tradition , of slavery and crime and the oppression of woman , who be just as good as man and just as human ! daddy ( he eye be a trifle glaze ) now darlin' , what have the South get to do with this ? mother ( in a real snit , afraid he will fire Rose ) and when I try to talk to you seriously , when I try to explain to you the unlimited creative power of life , how beautiful it would be if we give up this hopeless struggle and simply love each other from we heart , what do you do -- you mock I ! daddy ( mildly , he eye be even more glaze ) I do not intend to mock you , dear . I respect you philosophy . it 's beyond my comprehension , but I respect it . rose ( head bow , weep in a little handkerchief ) ohhh - hh , ohhh ... daddy ( exasperate ) oh , shut up , Rose , eat you cornflake ! rose ( piteously ) I be not hungry . the word be hongry , not hungry . daddy now you listen to I , Rose -- mother ( with fire in she eye ) just a moment ! you be not go to fire this girl for a innocent thing like have boy friend , not while there be breath in my body ! daddy I do not intend to fire she , darlin' . mother it be not she fault if she 's popular ... what ? daddy I say I do not intend to fire she . I just want to ask she to keep she boy friend away from my home and hearth , that 's all . mother ( simmer down at once , now calmly ) well , that 's very reasonable . howe I hate to bring it up , but she 's get a awful toothache , we have get to carry she to the dentist . rose I do not want to go to the dentist . mother be quiet , Rose . daddy darlin ' , I will take a taxi to the hotel . you and brother can handle the girl 's epizootics . I will just say one more thing . ( turn to Rose and , in a grave tone ) Rose , I tell you you have a friend in Mrs. hillyer , do not I , that she would fight for you like a tiger ? rose ( meekly ) yes , sir . daddy all right , thanks to she , and thanks to this case of epizootics , you be get another chance . ( point a finger at she , and sternly ) but do not try my patience again . we have grow child in this house . do you understand I ? rose yes , sir . int . dentist waiting room - day CUT to a shot of mother , Rose and buddy in a dentist 's wait room . Rose be hold a rubber ice bag to she jaw , which be quite swollen . she be groan and half weep in pain . mother poor thing . do the ice help , Rose ? rose ohh -hh , a little . oh -h , I be not never be to no dentist before . he 's gonna kill I , I just know it . mother no , Rose , he will help you . another angle , Rose shrink in fear as , enter the dentist in a white coat , dr . winton , a kindly - look , gray-haire man . we see a nurse behind he . he smile in a reassure manner . dr . winton nurse say we have a nervous patient . now , young lady , be calm . first of all , let I tell you , I be not go to hurt you . rose yes , you be . dr . winton no , I be not . rose look , you can not kid I . mother ( rise , take she by the hand ) now , come on , Rose . stop be so childish , come on . int . dentist office - day another angle , on Rose and mother and Dr. Winton , as they guide and lead Rose into the dentist 's operate room .- she plant she foot and she eye open wide with horror as she see the chair and other equipment . rose I be not goin ' in there , I do not like the look of it ! mother ( annoyed ) Rose , sit down in that chair and be quiet ! we be try to help you , you silly creature , sit in that chair ! rose ( very reluctantly sit in chair ) oh-hh , ohh -hh , Lord , he 's gonna kill I . dr . winton you and the boy wait outside . int . dentist waiting room - day CUT to a shot of mother and buddy in the wait room . enter Dr. Winton with a little frown . dr . winton well , she finally let I look in she mouth . be it true she 's never be to a dentist ? mother she be raise on a poor dirt farm . I be sure she 's never see a dentist or hardly even a doctor . dr . winton well , she have one mouth in ten thousand , I do not see tooth like that once in ten year . her trouble be a impact wisdom tooth , but there be not a cavity in she head , not a single one . she have perfect tooth . mother but the wisdom tooth will have to be pull ? dr . winton yes , and it 's very bad . it probably should be do at the hospital under general anesthesia . mother that would scare she to death . she 's terrify of hospital . to she , a hospital be where you go to die . dr . winton I think you be right , it would be harder on she . but you would better call Mr. hillyer , she 's go to need help to get home . dissolve to : ext . country road - day a shot of daddy behind the wheel of the model - a . Rose lie pale and exhaust on mother 's shoulder on the front seat . a trace of bloody gauze can be see in she mouth and she eye be close . buddy be on the back seat . rose ( a whisper , muffle by the bloody gauze ) never again , never again ... mother ( with pity , gently ) I know it be bad , honey . I be sorry ... rose no more dentist , no more dentist ... mother it will get better now . ext . hillyer driveway - day CUT to a shot of the model -a in the driveway of the hillyer home . mother help Rose out of the car , but Rose can not stand on she foot . daddy have to catch she from fall . daddy pick she up in he arm and carry she up the step as buddy run ahead to open the front door . dissolve to : ext . hillyer patio - day a shot of mother and daddy and buddy on the patio . it be a beautiful sunny morning . mother and daddy be seat at a outdoor table about to have coffee . daddy be open mail and buddy , in the b.g. , be glue up a kite . enter a smile and healthy Rose with orange juice , toast , cup and coffee on a tray . daddy good morning , Rose . and how do you feel today ? rose wonderful . except I can touch the place back there with my tongue , I would not even know I have that tooth pull . daddy ( dryly , as he look at mail ) well , I know it , I just get the bill for it . rose Boy , for four or five day there I do not think I would live . but I be my old self again ! daddy umm. well . yes . but no more strange voice in the night , Rose . rose oh , no , sir . mother Rose have learn she lesson , have not you , Rose ? rose yes , mar 'am . dissolve to : int . HOTEL - mezzanine - day a shot of daddy peer down at a old pool table in the mezzanine of the family hotel . buddy stand by with a pool stick in hand . in the b.g. , we see a black bellboy , shadrach , approach . daddy I see my mother - in- law 's face , son . read them and weep , boy , I be play a spectacular combination , a triple . the nine ball in the corner ! ( take he stance with cue as shadrach walk up ) read them and weep , boy , that 's all she write . shadrach mistah hillyer , the Chief of Police want you on the telephone . daddy ( about to make he shot , look around ) the Chief of Police ? shadrach yassuh . daddy straighten up , set he jaw , lean the cue against the table and march toward the elevator as buddy stare after he . the camera stays on buddy . int . HOTEL - day CUT to a shot of buddy go down the hotel stair . he hold onto the banister , slide with he hand far ahead in order to take four and even five step at a time -- it be a childish trick , the point of the game be to touch as few stair as possible . another angle , on buddy as he jump down the last remain five step and walk into the lobby . daddy come from behind the desk , grim . daddy Rose be in jail . she bit a policeman 's thumb . come on , son , shadrach can run the hotel . ext . model -a - STREET - day CUT to a shot of daddy and buddy in the model -a . daddy stare grimly ahead . buddy steal a worried glance at he . int . local jail - day CUT to a shot in the local jail . the shot be on daddy as he stand before jail bar stare sternly into a cell . his hand be on he hip , he straw hat be on the back of he head and a bit to one side . buddy stand beside he , a little bit behind , a worried look on he face . the chief of police , a fat man , be on the other side of daddy . CUT to a Pov shot of Rose in the cell . her hair be muss , she dress be tear . a little innocent , frighten smile be on she face . the camera pan to include daddy and the Chief of Police . chief of police that be a awful brawl down at the busy beaver , Mr. hillyer . you know that fat Horton , the bootlegger ? daddy yes , I know the son of a bitch . chief of police Son of a bitch be right , he dern near kill a man . and this girl be the cause of it all . what 's more , she bit a police officer 's thumb right to the bone . daddy well , Rose , what have you get to say for yourself ? rose ( cough , then feebly ) I get a awful bad cold . daddy ( nod slowly , then with aloof politeness ) that 's all you have get to say , you have get a bad cold ? rose ( cough again ) well , I do not know what happen . they be arguin ' about baseball , then all of them start fightin' . as for that policeman , I do not bite he , I do not think I bit he . in dour silence , daddy and the Chief of Police stare at Rose . she give they a little smile , as if to say , " see how innocent I be ? " the Chief turn to daddy and ask with dry irony : chief of police well , she 's you girl , Mr. hillyer . you want I to release she in you custody ? daddy no , not really . but I guess we will have to do that , John . let she out . let the crazy creature out and I will take she home . int . / ext . model -a - day CUT to a shot of daddy , Rose and buddy in the model A. daddy stare grimly ahead , silent . buddy look solemn . Rose be badly frighten and still cough . finally she venture a little smile and speak to daddy . rose I get a awful cold , I think I be sick . daddy be silent , he eye fix ahead . ext . hillyer driveway - day CUT to a shot of the model a as it turn onto the hillyer driveway . int . / ext . model a CUT to a shot of daddy , Rose and buddy in the car . she try again . rose I do not mean to bite he . he be hit Horton with a blackjack in the meanest way and ... and I bit he accidental . daddy ( stop the car , turn to Rose ) I have to go back to the hotel . I be on duty at the desk and who know a quest might arrive . I will see you at suppertime , Rose . rose ( a feeble smile ) I do not mean to bite he , I really do not . daddy I will see you at suppertime , Rose . rose ( feebly ) yes , air . ext . hillyer home - front step - day CUT to a shot of a shaky , slump Rose go up the step with buddy as the model a drive away . Rose be cough , look miserable . dissolve to : int . hillyer home - live room - night a shot of buddy and doll in the live room of the hillyer home at night . doll be half - heartedly practice scale on the piano and buddy be pace the floor , hand clasped behind he in something like the style of he father . as the camera follows buddy in he pace we see waski play with marble on the floor . doll ( turn around on piano stool , to buddy ) what be Rose go to do ? where can she go ? buddy they have be in there the longest kind of time . I can not stand it , I gotta find out what 's go on . doll you better not snoop , daddy will kill you ! int . hillyer home - front hall - night CUT to a shot of buddy come with great furtiveness from the live room out into the front hall . very cautiously , he tiptoe across the hall and bow down and listen at the door of he mother 's bedroom -study . he crouch down , peep through the keyhole . int . hillyer home - master bedroom / study - night CUT to a " keyhole shot " of daddy and mother in the bedroom . mother sit in she study chair , a handkerchief to she eye . daddy sit in a chair nearby . he look depressed . daddy I be sorry , darlin ' , I hate it as much as you do . mother ( wanly ) well , she do seem to cause a lot of trouble , I admit . but she do not mean any harm and it will break the child 's heart , they all love she . daddy it 's because of the child she 's get to go . I do not want to be holier - than - thou , but the girl do not have the same outlook we do . moral do not mean a thing to she , not a thing , and we can not have a girl like that in this house . mother who be to say we moral be better than hers ? ( frown , sigh ) but maybe you be right . she could ... influence dolly ... daddy that be exactly what I be afraid of . ( pause , and firmly ) the girl have get to go , darlin ' . mother but moral come from the heart , not from rigid rule and empty law . and in she heart Rose have never hurt anyone and she never would . therefore , she 's not immoral . not really . daddy now look , darlin' , this be no time to go off into the fourth dimension . mother but what I say be the simple truth . and now I see something else , I see more deeply into it ... mother have a slightly " other - worldly " look on she face . daddy glance at the door of the bedroom , he suspect something . daddy just a moment , darlin' . int . hillyer home - front hall - night CUT to a shot of buddy crouch at the keyhole . with great alacrity , he jump up and hurry across the hall and shut the live room door just as daddy whisk open the bedroom door . daddy grimace . daddy could of swear that boy be out here . daddy shut the door and at once almost like the movement of a ballet buddy open the live room door and tiptoe back to the keyhole . int . hillyer home - master bedroom - night CUT to a shot of daddy and mother . it be another " keyhole shot . " mother how could Rose really be a bad influence on dolly ? she have a loving nature , you ought to want someone like that around you child . why do you think that boy and man like she ? daddy well , I have a pretty good idea . mother if you mean sex , you could not be more wrong . Rose like that boy and man , she have love in she heart , and that be what they want . it 's the most rare and beautiful thing in life and that be why they follow she . daddy they follow she because she 's a -- ( he be about to say " piece of tail , " but interrupt himself ) -- no , I will not say that . mother what she do not understand be that she behavior be disturbing to other people . she 's young , she 's get to learn to restrain the life force that 's in she . its creative , but in she case it 's too creative . daddy darlin ' , Rose have get to go ! mother ( rise ) I will talk to she , I will reason with she . int . hillyer home - front hall - night CUT to a shot of buddy in the hall . he jump up and hurry across the hall into the live room . again , as the live room door shut the bedroom door open . mother start up the stair , she mouth determine . int . hillyer home - live room - night CUT to a shot of buddy and doll and waski in the live room . doll what 's happen ? buddy mother be struggle desperately . in fact she 's fight like a tiger . but I do not know , it 's close , it 's mighty close . doll ( pause , then in a low tone , slightly wide - eye ) buddy ... do Rose really ... " do it " with all that boy and man ? buddy ( aloofly , like daddy ) doll , do not ask childish question . waski ( indignantly , to doll ) of course not ! buddy oh , waski , you do not even know what we be talk about . int . hillyer home - upstair hall - night CUT to a shot of mother go down the upstairs hall . she knock on rose door and enter . int . hillyer home - rose's bedroom - night CUT to a shot of mother as she walk over and stare down in shock at Rose on the bad . Rose be lie back on a pillow and stare groggily at she , obviously not quite all there . frown with worry , mother sit beside she and put a hand on she forehead . mother Rose , you be very sick . you be burn up . Rose , can you hear I ? Rose ? rose ( semi-delirious ) what ? wha - at ? Mrs. hillyer ? ext . hillyer some - night CUT to a shot of a ambulance pull up outside the hillyer house . attendant get out of it carry a stretcher . int . hillyer home - front hall - night CUT to a shot of buddy , doll and waski in the front hall . they be badly frighten , even terrify . the camera pan to show the ambulance attendant carry Rose strapped in a stretcher down the stair , as mother help and daddy follow , both of they very worried . Rose be conscious now and she eye roll with terror toward the child . rose buddy ! dolly ! they be takin ' I to the hospital ! do not let them , do not let them ! the camera stays on the frighten silent child as they stare after Rose on the stretcher . dissolve to : int . hospital corridor - night a shot of mother , daddy , buddy , doll and waski in the corridor of a hospital . all look very solemn . a nurse lead they to a door and open it . int . hospital room - night CUT to a shot of a hospital room . a very pale , sick - look Rose lie in a hospital bed . the nurse , mother , daddy , buddy , doll and waski enter , all of they look very grave . another angle , close on Rose as she weakly turn she head on the pillow . her eye well with tear as she recognize the child . rose ( a feeble whisper ) pray for I ... another angle , on the nurse as she speak in a whisper we do not hear to mother and daddy , obviously tell they they would better go . daddy beckon to the child and they start to leave , all look depressed . int . doctor' office - night CUT to a shot of dr . f. ROBERT martinson , a rather unpleasant man with a spade beard . he have a superior , patronize way of talk and very little Southern accent if any . the scene be he office and he be in a swivel chair behind he desk . as he speak the camera pull back to show daddy , mother and the hillyer child . dr . martinson well , Mrs. hillyer , the girl be strong as a ox and that be what be keep she alive . but not many people walk away from double pneumonia , madam , not many . mother she look terrible , just awful . dr . martinson of course she do and I must say I be puzzle by you delay in get she to the hospital . I should think ordinary power of observation would have suggest to you that she be seriously ill . mother she hide it from we , Doctor . she 's afraid of the hospital . dr . martinson ( a thin superior smile ) afraid of the hospital ? mother deathly afraid of it . her people be poor tenant farmer and she do not know anything about doctor or medicine or hospital . dr . martinson ( frown in open disbelief ) a tenant farm ? be you try to tell I that girl be a product of the hookworm and pellagra belt ? mother well , she people be very poor . she say she be often hungry as a child , and I be sure the food she eat be pretty awful , not a balanced diet at all . dr . martinson exactly , and that 's why she could not possibly have come from such a farm . daddy ( icily polite ) Excuse I , sir , be you call my wife a liar ? mother ( embarrassed ) honey , please ... dr . martinson ( a thin unpleasant smile ) it 's simply that I find it incredible , Mr. hillyer . aside from the girl 's illness at the moment , she be very strong , a very healthy specimen of a young human female -- and a comely one , too . she must have get protein somewhere as a young child , if only sporadically . mother it be kind of amazing . the dentist say she have perfect tooth , there be not a cavity in she mouth . mr. martinson ( try to make a supercilious joke ) her entire mouth be a cavity , madam , ha ha ha . daddy ( dryly , do not like the man a bit ) ha ha ha ha . mother frown at daddy and Dr. martinson give he a aloof glance . dr . martinson ( with spurious dignity ) the point be you do not grow up like that on a diet of sorghum and hominy grit . she get protein somewhere , she 's a very strong girl and I think she will live ... despite the delay in medical treatment . daddy that 's all I want to know . ( rise ) let get out of here before I get the epizootics myself . thank you , Doctor , for you discourse , it be fascinating , no doubt . mother yes , thank you , Doctor . dr . martinson ( as they leave ) I beg you pardon , epi-zoo- tics ? do you mean " epi-zoo- to -tic , " a animal epidemic ? daddy ( icily polite , from the door ) no , I mean epizootics . int . hospital - night CUT to a shot of mother , daddy , buddy , doll and waski as daddy come out of the Doctor 's office and shut the door . daddy I can not stand that polecat . they ought to hang he . mother you do not like he because he 's a yankee . he 's a brilliant doctor . daddy he 's a polecat , dear . int . hospital elevator - night CUT to a shot of daddy , mother and the hillyer child in a hospital elevator as a black elevator operator run they down . daddy have he hat politely remove and be stare pensively ahead . daddy rosebud look pretty pitiful in that bed . ( sigh , shake he head ) I hope she will be all right , but I still think we ought to fire she . mother I do not see how you can even think of it now . daddy purse he lip but say nothing . it be obvious the " epizootics " have save Rose , at least for the time be . dissolve to : int . hillyer home - rose's bedroom - night a shot of Rose in bed in she own bedroom . she be propped up on pillow and wear a rather attractive pink silk housecoat of mother 's . a tray be on she lap and she be eat she supper as buddy sit on the edge of the bed talk with she , or rather listen to she . it be obvious she be well on the road back to health . rose oh , he 's so kind , so gentle inside , and so unhappy with that rich wife who do not understand he , she be a southerner and everything , and what a bedside manner he have get -- so gentle and kind beneath the professor way he act ! buddy Rose , you be too uncritical of people . rose you do not know the bedside manner that man have get . why , it do I good just to see he sit there all solemn and go pokin ' in he bag like he 's gonna cure I , which he do of course . and even more important he love I , like a patient I mean , the other day he get tear in he eye just listenin ' to my heart beat . buddy he do ? rose yeah , he try to hide it but I see them , and a little bit he say to I , " you know , you be beautiful . " now be not that a nice thing for a doctor to say to a patient , be not it ? what could cheer a girl up more ? buddy Rose , I have get doubt about that doctor and so do daddy . rose he 's get doubt about hisself and that 's the saddest thing of all . would you believe that poor man think nobody like he ? buddy yeah , I would believe it . rose well , I like he . I use to be afraid of doctor but not any more . why , he could operate on I any old time and I would not even be scared . buddy Rose , you be just entirely too uncritical of people . rose I be not neither . listen here , buddy , besides all he vast medical knowledge , he have the most kindest heart beneath the professor way he act -- he want justice in the world and he 's get some real interestin ' idea . int . hillyer home - front door - night CUT to a shot of mother open the front door . Dr. martinson be there - with he black bag , a icy polite look on he face . ; mother oh , good evening , Doctor . Rose be a lot better , I just give she she supper . she 's almost all well now . dr . martinson let I be the judge of that , madam . mother yes . well . she 's upstairs . int . hillyer home - rose's bedroom - day / night CUT to a shot of buddy and Rose in Rose 's bedroom . rose justice , that 's what he want , justice for everybody and especially for nigger . and I think that 's real nice of he because black people do not have a very good life , you get to admit that , to be a nigger be sometimes practic 'ly fatal , but the wife do not understand all of that , she think nigger be just so much dirt , which anybody ought to know better if they be on they ass they ownselve -- and that be the cause of he profound unhappiness , buddy , that no-good - mean wife with all she Southern prejudice against nigger and everything ! it be a very long speech and deliver with a non-stop vitality that leave buddy a trifle groggy . slowly , he shake he head , as enter mother . mother the Doctor be here . and brother , supper be ready . dissolve to : int . hillyer home - dine room - night a shot of the hillyer family minus Rose eat dinner in the dining room . the meal be almost finish , daddy cut apple pie . daddy be that Doctor still up there , brother . buddy yeah , he 's still up there . daddy what 's take the rascal so long ? mother honey , Dr. martinson be not a rascal , he 's one of the finest physician in glenville . he study at johns hopkins University . daddy I do not care where the polecat study . mother sometimes the negativism and cynicism in you make I want to vomit . ( shake she head sadly as buddy surreptitiously put he napkin on table ) you real trouble be that you be anti-intellectual . the irony be woman be suppose to be emotional , but I never see anybody who depend more on emotion and prejudice than you do . buddy ( a half audible murmur ) Excuse I , gotta go to bathroom . mother now I have a plan about Rose , a educational plan . she 's get better and we do not want any more trouble -- ( notice buddy slip out ) brother , you ought to hear this . buddy I will be right back . the camera follows buddy as he slip out during follow speech . mother first , that clothes she wear . they be too provocative . I have talk to she a lot about it and I think she understand ... int . hillyer home - front hall - night CUT to a shot of buddy as he go down the hall , eye narrow . on buddy post in the doorway of the live room . he have he hand on he hip daddy -style and be stare sternly up the stair . CUT to a Pov shot of Dr. martinson with he black bag in hand and shoulder hunch come down the stair . the man be slinking , have quilt write all over he . as he go down the stair he glance to one side , see buddy and frown . the man give a sudden nervous start of fright as we hear daddy 's voice loud on the track . daddy ( o.s. ) everything all right , Doctor ? CUT to a Pov shot of daddy at the rear of the downstairs hall , napkin in hand and hand on hip . he be stare sternly at the doctor . CUT back to the Doctor . he glance nervously again toward buddy . another Pov shot of buddy . look just like daddy , hand on hip . on Dr. martinson , as he look back at daddy . dr . martinson oh , yes . yes . just fine . a few more day ... a little more rest ... she will be perfectly healthy . another angle on daddy as he walk forward down the hall toward buddy . the camera pick up buddy and both of they grimly stare after the flee doctor . daddy ( in a low , conspiratorial tone ) what do you think , brother ? buddy I do not know . but you better watch he like a hawk , if he come back again . daddy he 's not come back again . we scared the rascal off , son . ( put a hand on buddy 's shoulder ) come on back to supper . you mother have a theory about how to educate Rose . dissolve to : int . hillyer home - kitchen - day a shot of mother and Rose and the child in the kitchen . we see a sewing machine and evidence of dressmake . Rose have on a new and modest little dress that mother evidently have make for she . mother you see , Rose ? now that 's the kind of dress you ought to wear . rose ( less than enthusiastic ) yeah , it 's kinda nice . mother you look very pretty in it , Rose . really , you do . rose ( smile at mother ) well , you be real sweet to make it for I . ( put a arm around mother 's shoulder ) there never be nobody like you . and you do not need to worry , I be not goin ' out no more . mother well , there 's no reason you should not go out , Rose ... in moderation . rose ( a little shrug ) I do not want to . when I be lyin ' there in that hospital bed at death 's door I say to myself , I be not goin ' out no more . if I ever get outta this , I will just stay home . Rose casually pull the dress over she head and stand there in panty and bra , oblivious of buddy and the child . she have about as much modesty as a small child herself . rose ( cont 'd ) ( rather sadly ) besides , there be not no Mr. right out there . or if there be I can not find he , all I find be a pile of Mr. wrong . I be not goin ' out no more . dissolve to : ext . church - day a shot of daddy , mother , Rose , and the child all in they Sunday best go up the step of a church . Rose look virginal in the modest dress mother make for she . int . church - day a shot of Rose , mother , daddy and the child on a bench in church . we hear sing . Rose look innocent , virginal as she sing . mother give she a approve look , exchange glance with daddy . ext . church - day CUT to a shot of the hillyer family come out of church . we see they shaking hand with the Minister . Rose smile sweetly , modestly . ext . hillyer driveway - day CUT to a shot of the model a drive up in the driveway of the hillyer house . another angle on they all as they get out of the car . Rose take doll 's hand with one hand and waski 's hand with the other . rose all right , we will play monopoly then . mother , daddy and buddy watch Rose go up the step with doll and waski . mother she 's like a different person . be so sick make a big impression on she . I really think she 's learn a lesson . daddy um-hmm . ( wait as mother go on up step , then turn to buddy and in a low tone ) come with I , brother . I want to show you something . ext . hillyer home - rose garden - day CUT to a shot of daddy and buddy in a rise garden below the window of the house . it be hawkshaw the detective and he unwill Assistant . daddy solemnly point to dim mark in the flower bed . daddy see that , son ? now this be a heel , see , and there , that 's the ball of a foot . someone have be walk here . buddy ( reluctantly ) well , it 's not very plain . daddy that be because it rain recently , the rain have obscure the evidence . but you could still take plaster cast of this footprint , then match up the plaster cast with whosever shoe they be , and that way you could catch he -- understand ? buddy but how would you find he ? daddy well . well , what I mean be , you could prove it be he shoe if you do catch he . but look this , brother , it be even more interesting . look at this mark here , and that mark over there . now would not you say that mark be the mark of a ladder ? buddy well , I do not know . ( try to sound like a fellow detective , but do not want Rose to get catch ) no , I do not know , daddy , I think the rain have obscure it . daddy true , but if you look sharply you can see that that mark be the mark of a ladder . now let 's go back to the garage and see if the ladder have be tampere with . int . garage - day CUT to a shot of daddy and buddy back in the garage . they be scrutinize a wooden ladder that hang on peg alongside the garage . all daddy need be a cap and a pipe to be a dead ringer for sherlock holme . he be in dead earnest about this , it be no joke and he do not dream of be funny . daddy ( point to ladder , eye narrow ) see , son ? the paint be flake off here , freshly . look at it , brother , there be no question about it . some person or person unknown have very recently tampere with this ladder . buddy well ... maybe ... daddy and there 's only one reason anybody would want this ladder -- to get up into Rose 's bedroom in the dark of night ! I be go to chain up this ladder and padlock it ! -- and that be not all I be go to do ! buddy stare at he in apprehension . dissolve to : int . hillyer home - dine room - night a shot of the whole family at dinner include Rose . daddy put down he napkin . daddy that be a delicious repast , Rose , as usual . now I have something of grave import to say to you and to Mrs. hillyer . ( pause , point at buddy ) and I do not want you child snooping , do you hear I , brother ? go up to you room . int . hillyer home - upstair - night CUT to a shot of buddy , doll and waski in the upstairs . they tiptoe along furtively . int . hillyer home - staircase - night CUT to a shot of the child go down backstair . int . hillyer home - cellar - night CUT to a shot of buddy lead doll and waski down the step of the cellar . the camera follow as they walk past a ancient coal - burn furnace and ... int . hillyer home - crawl space - night climb up into 'a crawl space beneath the front of the house . a shot of buddy , doll and waski crawl along on dirt in the crawl space under the house . they come to a floor heat ventillator grill and stop . buddy hold he finger to he lip and listen intently . int . hillyer home - master bedroom - night CUT to a shot of daddy , mother and Rose in mother 's bedroom study . we see the grillwork of the heat ventillator in the floor . daddy be at the climax of he speech . daddy we all love you , Rose . even more now , since you have bravely surmounted all this epizootics . we admire you , we esteem you , we hold you hand with love and affection , we have a investment in you -- and I do not mean money , although God know we have that , too , consider that godawful hospital bill ... int . hillyer home - crawl space - night CUT to a shot close on buddy , doll and waski in the crawl space . buddy be smile in relief . he whisper to doll and waski . buddy he 's not go to fire she . int . hillyer home - master bedroom - night CUT back to daddy , mother and Rose in the bedroom -study . daddy I mean a human investment , Rose , we care about you , you matter to we . but we have innocent and unform child in this house and the monkey and dog show have get to stop . do you hear I ? rose ( meekly ) yes , sir . mother ( a bit overwhelm by daddy ) she have not actually do anything ... daddy ( very firmly ) just a moment , dear . ( turn to Rose and almost sadly ) we can not have it , Rose . can you behave yourself -- or not ? that be the question , to behave or not to behave , to suffer the sling and arrow of outrageous chastity and keep you skirt down or to hoist it in the light of the moon and make whoopee -- that be the coil shuffle question . ( a dramatic pause , then point at she ) if you can not behave I be go to fire you and I say it in front of you and Mrs. hillyer and I mean it . I point my rigid finger right at you nose , Rose , and I stare unwaveringly into you big blue eye and I tell you ... this be a final warning . do you hear I ? rose ( very meekly ) yes , sir . int . hillyer home - cellar - night CUT to a shot of buddy , doll and waski as they climb from the crawl space down into the cellar by the furnace . doll well , if she 's get any sense at all , she will listen to that . buddy sense do not mean anything to Rose . but I think we be on safe ground now . daddy chain up the ladder , whoever it be can not get in the house . dissolve to : int . hillyer home - buddy bedroom - day a shot of buddy sound asleep in he bed in the early gray dawn . as we dissolve in on the shot , we hear a loud banging and daddy' voice . daddy ( o.s. ) open that door ! open it up , open it this instant ! do you hear meet open that door ! buddy sit quickly up in bed , at once push back the cover and get out of the bed , hurriedly reach for he khaki pants . int . hillyer home - upstair hall - day CUT to a shot of daddy in the upstairs hall . he be fully dress and be bang angrily on Rose 's door . daddy Rose ! Rose ! open this goddamn door ! open it or I will break it down ! another angle on buddy as he hurry down the hall up to daddy , in khaki pants and pull a shirt over he head . daddy ( cont 'd ) open that door , damn you ! buddy daddy , what 's the matter ? daddy ( glance around at he ) she 's get somebody in there , brother ! his shoe be on the back porch -- there they be , naked and smile at I ! ( bang on door ) Rose , open this door immediately ! another angle on daddy as he bang on the door . we see a frighten doll in she nightgown in the b.g. down the hall , a hand to she mouth . daddy commence kick at the door . another angle , close on daddy . daddy ( cont 'd ) open up , Rose ! procrastination will not help you ! finally , the click of a bolt and slowly the door open . we see a wide - eye , terrify Rose . she have a sheet around she and evidently nothing more . daddy ( cont 'd ) ( he push past she ) all right , where be he ? where 's the culprit ? int . hillyer home - rose's bedroom - day CUT to a shot of daddy in the bedroom . he yank open the closet door , look under the bed as he talk . daddy where be he ? I know he 's in here , where be he , Rose ? his shoe be on the back porch I smile at meet where be you , you son of a bitch ? in she distress and dismay , the sheet have come down over Rose 's shoulder and one of she breast be expose . rose ( feebly , she be terrify ) there be not nobody here , Mr. hillyer ! honest , there be not ! daddy where be he ? where have you get he hide ? ( notice curtain blow in wide open window ) ah , ha ! the camera follow daddy as he stride angrily toward the window and lean out of it and stare down . Rose make a little whimper sound . ext . hillyer some - garden - dawn CUT to a Pov shot of the garden below as see by daddy from the window . we see lie on the ground billy , the sulky Boy who scared mother . he wear only undershort and be groan , hold he leg , which evidently he have injure in jump from the window . int . hillyer home - rose's bedroom - dawn on daddy , as he turn from the window to Rose . daddy and who , Rose , may I ask , be that ? rose well , it 's billy . daddy and what , may I ask , be billy do here ? rose ( a straight answer ) well , Mr. hillyer , billy 's very poor , he do not have no money and there be not no place else to go . daddy well , it be a silly question . rose he 's a nice boy , you would like he . he want to be a fireman . daddy ye god and little fish , a fireman . put on some clothes , Rose , you be naked as a jay bird . when you be dress , come on downstairs . I be afraid you friend billy be injure , where be he clothes ? rose ( begin weep , both breast now be expose ) under the mattress . I hide them so you would not be mad . he want to marry I , he love I . I can not marry he , he 's too young and have not get no job , but he love I ... now you would not hurt he , would you ? daddy gently pull the sheet around she to cover she breast . daddy I will not hurt he , honey . dissolve to : int . hillyer home - kitchen - day a shot of daddy , mother and Rose at the kitchen table drink coffee in the early morning . daddy look grave , mother look sad , and Rose be cry into a handkerchief . rose Mr. hillyer , I know it be bad and I have not ought to of do it . but I be only a human girl and I ... I be not always perfect . I promise I will not let he in the house no more , I promise . wo not you and Mrs. hillyer forgive I ? daddy Rose , darlin ' , you break my heart . but I be only a human man myself of the father variety . Rose , pack you bag , baby , as of this moment you be hire , mire and fire . dissolve to : int . hillyer home - dine room - day a shot of the family at breakfast in the dining room . the dissolve suggest that some time have go by . daddy look a bit grim , Rose have a want and depressed expression . mother look worried . daddy ( politely ) well , Rose , go out to look for a job today ? rose ( eye down ) what 's the use , there be not none . daddy mmm . would you get I another half a-cup of coffee , dear ? Rose rise and he watch she leave , then turn to mother . daddy ( cont 'd ) it have be three week since I " fire " she . be there no way to get rid of this girl ? be we stick with she for life ? mother she can not get a job , it 's a depression . and we can not just throw she out on the street . daddy the hell we can not . Rose return with coffee and pour it out for daddy . mother Rose , you do not look well and you have not eat a bit of breakfast . rose I be not hungry . I can not eat nothin ' , I have not be able to eat since I get fire . I think maybe I be sick . daddy God forbid . you be not sick , Rose , forget it . do not get any notion in you head , you be not sick . rose yes , sir . mother she do look a little peaky . daddy no , she do not , she 's fine , fine . she 's perfectly healthy , do not give she idea . rose well , I will do the dish , then I be goin ' to lie down a minute and rest . my stomach hurt . daddy watch Rose exit to the kitchen , then lean forward and speak to mother , he expression a bit sly . daddy her plan be obvious , plain as day . she 's go on a hunger strike . the question be , how do we foil she ? mother she 's just nervous and worried . and you would be , too , if you have no job and no place to go . daddy ( think hard ) something have get to be do or Rose be go to be in this house forever . dissolve to : ext . hillyer home - driveway and patio - day a shot of the model a come up the driveway of the hillyer House . it be late afternoon . CUT to a shot of daddy get out of the car . he have a triumphant little smile on he face . a shot of daddy as he walk onto the patio , a roll - up copy of the glenville tribune in he hand and he straw hat on the back of he head . he definitely have a triumphant expression . buddy on the patio notice it . int . hillyer home - kitchen - day CUT to a shot of the kitchen on mother and Rose . mother be help a rather want Rose prepare dinner . enter daddy . daddy ( as if everyone will be pleased ) well , I have get news ! I call long distance and speak to cousin hop and you will be glad to know , Rose , I have find you a job ! rose Tennessee ? daddy yes , Tennessee , a lovely state ! rose well . what kinda job be it ? daddy ahh -hh , you will like it . it 's a fine , outdoor - type job . rose you mean a farm ? daddy no , no , not exactly . it be not a farm in the sense that it 's a farm . not at all . it 's a... dairy establishment . you will 1ike it ! I be sure you will like it because it 's so ... peaceful ! Rose bow she head and begin cry . mother honey , Rose be bear on a farm and have terrible memory of farm life . now I do not think -- daddy just a minute , Rose , you do not understand . this be not a dirt farm like the one you be bear on , it 's nice . a neighbor of cousin hop 's , I talk to he on the phone , a fine man ... it 's not a farm , damn it , it 's a beautiful dairy establishment ! stop cry , Rose ! do you hear I ? stop cry , it 's ideal ! mother I do not know how you can call it ideal -- do not you know what the word " farm " mean to she ? daddy I do not give a hoot in hell 's hollow what it mean to she ! she can not stay in this house forever ! I fire she , damn it ! mother it sound like a farm to I . Calling it a dairy establishment , that 's just trickery and flummery . daddy trickery and flummery or not , she 's go there tomorrow on the bus ! it 's settle ! and I must say we have be more than fair to you , Rose , it 's pretty selfish and mean heart of you to sit there and cry like that ! Rose sit head bow at the kitchen table . rose I be not cryin ' because of I , I be cryin ' because of somebody else . daddy ( stop in mid-air , so to speak ) what ? ext . hillyer home - patio - day CUT to a shot of buddy outside on the patio , listen intently at the window . he lean forward with a keen interest , eye wide . int . hillyer home - kitchen CUT to a shot close on daddy . he be peer intently at Rose . daddy what do you say , Rose ? close on Rose , as she turn , weep . rose well , I be bear on a farm myself ... and I hate to think of the baby be bear on one . on they all . daddy and mother stare in shock at Rose . daddy what baby ? what baby ? what baby be you speak about ? rose mine . daddy you baby ? rose yes , mine . I be go to have one . daddy ( he be " poleax , " staggered ) good God almighty . this be a catastrophe , they will not hire she . mother ( look up , see buddy in patio window ) brother , get out of that window ! buddy duck down out of eight instantly . both mother and daddy , however , be too preoccupy and upset to be concerned with he . daddy ( stare off groggily into space ) this be a total catastrastroke . as of this moment I be stump , I admit , I be stump and treed both , the hound dog have I surround . mother ( as Rose begin cry ) poor thing , do not cry , Rose . I know you feel awful , but do not cry , honey , nobody 's perfect . who 's the father , dear ? rose well , I ... I ... I do not know ... maybe it be ... but no , you can not be sure about a thing like that . it be not billy , I do not know he . mother ( gently ) I know it 's embarrassing ... but who be you expose to , dear ? rose well , now , Mrs. hillyer , I ... ah-h , that 's kinda hard to say . daddy you be not go to get anywhere with that line of question . the problem be , what be we go to do ? mother that 's why I be ask she who the father be . it 's the most vital question of all . who 's the father , dear ? daddy ( offhand ; he be think hard about what to do ) she already tell you , she do not know . mother ( naively ) but she must know ... unless ... unless ... Rose , be there more than one person ? rose ( weep in handkerchief ) oh-h , Mrs. hillyer , I ... I can not think . I ... I be not really sure . mother ( gently , a tiny frown , a bit shocked ) Rose , really , you should not act like that . rose ( weep ) oh , I know . but I do not , really . honestly , I do not . there be only one , but he 's out of town and leave no forwardin ' address . daddy ( a brilliant idea ) ah , ha ! hold the phone ! no forward address , huh ? ( turn to mother ) in the shock of this brilliant move , I forget something . mother what do you forget ? daddy I forget that Rose will lie like a child . she 's no more pregnant than I be , she just do not want to go to that farm ! rose yes , I be . daddy no , you be not . rose yes , Mr. hillyer , I be . daddy ( triumphant , sure he 's right ) all right , tell we , Rose , what make you think you be pregnant ? rose ( simply ) I have not have my period for three month and my stomach be get big . daddy ( again " poleax " for a moment , but pull himself together ) I do not believe it . rose it 's so , Mr. hillyer . daddy all right , damn it . we have see you with you clothes off around here , stand up and pull up you dress and let 's take a look ! mother honey ! daddy she do not have to take she panty off , we can see she stomach with them on . all she have to do be pull up she dress and let we see she belly . rose well , all right , if you just will not believe I . Rose stand up . mother Rose , you do not have to . rose I do not mind . daddy now , you will see , she 's lie like she always do -- that belly will be flat as a pancake ! Rose lift she dress and daddy lean forward eagerly to confirm he belief . Rose stand there with she skirt lift . she have on a pair of skimpy white panty . a unmistakable , definite protrusion can be see in the area below she navel just above the line of she panty . a stupefy look be on daddy 's face . mother I would say about three month . be you satisfied ? daddy I be poleax and in a non compos mentis condition . I wash my hand or the whole thing . ext . hillyer home - patio - day CUT to a shot of doll walk up onto the patio with schoolbook . the camera follow she as she walk over to buddy , who be crouch down eavesdropp at another window . she whisper to he . doll what 's goin ' on ? buddy Rose say she 's goin ' to have a baby and she sure look it , but I do not think so . doll a baby ... and she be not even marry . buddy that 's the least of she trouble . Rose have a rare tropic disease and the little tube in she that baby swim down be all stop up , she tell I all about it . doll if it be not a baby ... what be it ? dissolve to : int . dr . martinson' home office waiting room - night a shot of buddy and Rose in a rather elegant Doctor 's wait room . it be night and they be alone on a small sofa . buddy have a very solemn and worried look . Rose lie weep in terror on he shoulder . rose oh , buddy , they be gonna cut I all up ! they be gonna cut my stummick all open , I will die ! buddy ( try to be brave ) you will not die , Rose . rose buddy , I be scared , I be scared ! int . dr . martinson' some office - night CUT to a shot of Dr. martinson 's private office in he home , quite a bit more luxurious than he office at the hospital . a sober-look mother and daddy sit talk to he . he almost seem to relish the situation . dr . martinson I be not surprised you think she be pregnant . a ovarian cyst can look very much like pregnancy . but it be pure wishful think on she part . the girl can never have child , she have gonorrhea at fifteen and it be untreated . mother ( shocked , rather feebly ) gonorrhea ? dr . martinson do not worry , madam , she can not infect you dear little kiddie . she long ago fully recover , but the disease do irreparable damage . the girl be permanently barren . mother well , that 's pathetic . poor Rose , what a life she have have . dr . martinson we make we own life , madam . as for malignancy , I do not think so , it 's very unlikely . I probably should not have even mention that possibility to she . mother ( rather coldly , seem disenchant with he ) no , you should not have , it be needlessly cruel . she think she have cancer and be go to die . dr . martinson she 's a adult , Mrs. hillyer , I be merely give she the fact . daddy well , it 's a disaster . I do not know what to say , Doctor , I be floor . how dangerous be the operation ? dr . martinson any major operation be dangerous . however , as we know from she previous illness , she 's a very strong girl . daddy well , if it be not malignant and she can get through the operation all right , it might be better than she really be pregnant . she do not even know who the father might have be . dr . martinson oh , it 's definitely better , beyond question . a fatherless child , a ignorant girl with no job , no money , no home . it 's fortunate , a bless really , and a stroke of good luck for another reason I want to mention to you . mother ( totally disenchant with the Doctor ) this conversation be make I a little sick . daddy honey , that 's no way to talk to the Doctor , he 's merely do he job , dear . oddly enough , in the stress of the situation , daddy now seem almost friendly to Dr. martinson , whom previously he consider a polecat . int . dr . martinson' home office waiting room - night CUT to a shot of buddy and Rose in the wait room . he be help she lie on the couch on pillow as she weep , a hand over she face . buddy I gotta find out what they be say . you lie back and rest , Rose , and I will give you a report on it . rose I do not want to know ... int . dr . martinson' home office - night CUT to a close shot of Dr. martinson . a expression of distaste be on he face . the camera pull back as he talk to mother and daddy . dr . martinson I be sorry the truth nauseate you , Mrs. hillyer , because before you leave there 's a bit more of it I would like to put to you . this operation provide a therapeutic opportunity that I feel be quite important in regard to this particular girl , who suffer not only from a ovarian cyst but from a certain psychoneurotic condition as well . mother what do you mean , what kind of gobbledygook talk be that ? daddy go ahead , Doctor , I think I be follow you . dr . martinson ( give mother a aloof glance , then to daddy ) first , about the girl 's history . evidently she 's be very promiscuous since early childhood , she have no control over she sexual impulse . furthermore , she be permanently barren , she can not have child . daddy go on , Doctor . mother ( quietly ) yes , go on . dr . martinson I be think particularly of the other ovary . as a rule I do not believe in remove it . the woman 's hormonal system be profoundly disturb , she be subject to possibly serious depression , she lose many of she secondary sexual characteristic for example , she breast might shrink and become flabby , facial hair might appear along with a coarsen of the feature , and of course she sexual drive be greatly diminish , especially in a girl or young woman . for this reason I be oppose to remove the other ovary , as a rule . do you follow I ? daddy I be ahead of you . dr . martinson then ... may I speak quite frankly with you , Mr. hillyer ? daddy please do . dr . martinson I have of course observe the girl in treat she . daddy of course . dr . martinson I think we both know she . daddy yes , we know she . mother what be you talk about ? I do not understand all this mumbo jumbo and the funny look on you face . dr . martinson Mrs. hillyer , this girl be sick in more way than one . she be a extreme psychoneurotic with uncontrollable sexual impulse . it would be a mercy to spare she the suffer she cause herself and other . therefore I recommend as a therapeutic measure the removal of she second ovary . it be ethically and medically the only proper decision in this case and I suspect you husband agree with I . daddy reluctantly , I do . it would be a bless to she and everyone else . the girl be oversex and I say -- spay she ! mother ( slowly rise to she foot and in a tremble voice ) over ... my ... dead ... body ! a long , freeze pause as both daddy and Dr. martinson stare at mother in surprise . she stare at the Doctor with fire in she eye . he seem already to shrink a little . finally she speak with a calm fury . mother ( cont 'd ) be you human being or be you some kind of male monster ? be there no limit to which you will not go to keep you illusion about yourselves ? dr . martinson ( shrink a little ) illusion , madam ? mother you would go so far as to mutilate a helpless girl who have no mean to defend herself , you would go that far ? do not you think I know what you have just say and do not you think I understand the dreadful and revolting crime you have just conspire to commit ? Dr. martinson stare at she in fear and shock , intimidate by the calm fury and ice-cold moral indignation . he open he mouth as if to speak , but no sound come out . mother turn to daddy . mother ( cont 'd ) I think I know you . I think I know you better , I think in you heart you be a good and kind man . well , I can not believe what I have just hear in this room . a defenseless girl depend on you for protection , and you propose to mutilate and destroy she . how could you listen even for a moment to that sadistic man ? daddy ( slightly shattered ) well , now , darlin ' ... give I a chance to defend myself . mother I can not believe you really mean it , if I do I would want to die . you be not a male monster , that man be but you be not . look I in the eye and tell I , do you really want to take Rose 's womanhood away from she when it 's all she have get ? daddy well , I ... I have not think about it that much . I be think ... well , it 's a idea , the girl be oversex , and ... mother Rose be not oversex , that 's ridiculous . if you be go to talk nonsense , I do not want to talk to you at all . Rose be exactly the same as the rest of we , except more so . daddy well , I know , more so . that 's why I be think ... maybe she would be better off . mother ( with a quiet fury ) better off ? how could she ever find love and happiness , if you do what you be talk about ? be you insane ? dr . martinson ( rather feebly ) now , may I say , I be against that particular procedure , as a general rule . but in a case of near nymphomania , it do not seem monstrous to I at all , but medically advisable . both mother and daddy totally ignore he . mother 's eye be fix on daddy and he be struggle with himself , stare down at the floor . daddy well , now , I admit ... in Rose 's case , it would be cruel . if Rose be not attractive and pretty ... well , it would probably be bad for almost any young woman . I do not know exactly what I be think about , the doctor say it and it sound reasonable . daddy finally look up at mother and admit he error like a man . daddy ( cont 'd ) but you be right , darlin' , you be absolutely dead right , it would be a awful and horrible thing to do . I be sorry , honey , forgive I , I do not mean it . mother turn from daddy and walk up to the desk and stare down at Dr. martinson as if he be a loathesome bug upon which she intend to step . mother I will not cry like a woman . if I be upset it 's because of what my husband say , not because of you . you can not make I cry like a woman , a woman have get just as much intelligence and self - control as a man . and you get this in you head . if you hurt that girl , I will hire lawyer and sue you for malpractice for every penny you have get , I will do my level best to ruin you . do you understand I ? dr . martinson ( a sickly smile , he be lick totally ) yes , I understand you , but you have misunderstand I completely . mother ( icy cold ) I understand you perfectly . you leave that girl alone , you wretch man , or you will be sorry . dr . martinson ( a foolish smile , as if mother have pay he some kind of compliment ) actually of course I will not operate , I do not do major surgery . Dr. hardy will operate and of course he will be guide by you wish in this respect . mother let he be guide not by my wish and not by Rose 's wish , although I be sure they be identical . let he be guide by the wish of the creative power of life itself , because that be what have speak through I tonight . dissolve to : ext . STREET by hospital - day a shot of the model a park on the street outside a hospital in a small Southern town . we see daddy slowly pace back and forth in front of the hospital entrance , he head bow and he hand clasped behind he . another angle , closer on the model A. buddy sit in the middle on the front seat , mother be at the window . doll and waski be on the back seat . they all be stare with pale worry at the pace daddy fifty foot away . all be frighten , mother be very pale . doll have a tiny handkerchief to she eye and be half cry . even waski be very scared . waski ( seem on verge of tear ) mother ... be Rose go to die ? mother ( in a trembly voice ) no , waski , she will not die , because we be praying for she . CUT to a shot of daddy from the Pov of the car . he look at he wristwatch , frown and walk into the entrance of the hospital . another angle , on they all in the car . they wait , pale and silent . doll sniffles in she handkerchief . doll why be it take so long ? buddy here come daddy . CUT to a Pov shot of daddy as he slowly walk up to the car , he straw hat in he hand . CUT to a shot of mother close on she face as she stare at she husband as if try to read the news on he face . a tiny frown come on she forehead as icy fear come in she eye . another angle , close on daddy as he walk up to the window of the car , hat in hand . a trace of tear can be see in he eye , but when he speak he voice be calm . daddy ( philosophically ) well , I think I would see the limit , but this be the most great , gaga epizootics she 's ever have . another angle on daddy and they all . in pale fear , mother stare at he , uncertain what have happen . mother how be she ? daddy Fine . as mother sigh in heartfelt relief ... dissolve to : int . hillyer home - kitchen - day a shot of daddy sit with mother at the kitchen table . Bright cheerful sunshine come in the window that open on the patio . Rose come into the shot carry a coffee pot , a sunny smile on she face . daddy you be look very chipper this morning , Rose . sow do you feel ? rose perfect , wonderful , good as I ever feel ! except for a big old scar on my stummick , I would not even know I be in the hospital . daddy ( with mild irony , as she pour he coffee ) well , we know you be there . the bill that hospital send be absolutely horrendous . rose ( she smile fade a trifle ) well , I will pay you that back sometime , Mr. hillyer . mother do not worry about it , honey . daddy pause , seem to be struggle with himself , he be frown . daddy Rose ... I hate to be mean , but ... ( another pause , then a little shrug ) oh , nevermind , forget it . rose ( in a little sad voice ) what be it , Mr. hillyer ? daddy ( rise ) nothing , Rose . daddy stop beside she , put a arm around she shoulder and with weary irony . daddy ( cont 'd ) we all love you , darlin' . daddy wearily pick up he straw hat from the kitchen counter and walk out of the kitchen on the patio , as the camera stay on Rose and mother . mother do not worry , honey , you will find something . rose I be offer that job as a waitress . mother forget about it , I do not want you work in one of that honky tonk . ext . hillyer home - patio - day CUT to a shot of buddy on the patio . he have eight or nine gourd on a outdoor table and be cut round hole in they and empty out the seed . he glance up as Rose walk up to he , pocketbook in hand . she seem a little sad . but she smile at he . rose hi , buddy . ( put a arm around he shoulder ) how 's my sweetheart who never tell on I when I be bad ? buddy okay . rose ( pick up a hollow out gourd ) makin ' home for purple martin , huh ? we have them on the farm . they be the prettiest thing . that 's what I wish I be , a bird . just fly around catch bug and have a lot of fun . buddy what be you go to do , Rose ? rose take a little walk with I , huh ? ext . hillyer home - garden CUT to a shot of Rose and buddy on a beautiful summer day walk in the garden behind the hillyer house . they walk up to a empty rabbit hutch . the hutch be make of rough lumber and chicken wire and have cubicle for about a dozen rabbit . rose ( as she stare at the empty hutch ) I guess I will work as a waitress , buddy . I do that before and it get I in worse trouble than you could know , but I can not stay here no more . why do you get rid of you rabbit , buddy ? buddy they be dumb thing . I get tired of they . rose ( smile , touch chicken wire ) do you know when I be a child we have pretty near five hundred rabbit ? buddy five hundred rabbit ? rose yep , we have them in orange crate all over . it be daddy 's dream . he be goin ' to get rich raisin ' rabbit . it be what kill daddy . he do not drow hisself till a long time later after momma and lunette die of typhoid , but it be they rabbit what kill he . buddy how do the rabbit kill he ? rose he think he could sell them , but nobody but country folk eat rabbit , buddy , and they be not get no money . we have to eat they dern rabbit we own selve . every dern one , and it take about four year to eat them all up . buddy ( a little smile ) well , that doctor say you get protein somewhere and I guess he be right . rose Boy do I get sick of rabbit . but later on after momma die and daddy be not doin ' nothin ' but drinkin ' , I sure would of be glad for a little rabbit stew . you know , I ought not to of tell you about what daddy do when I be a child . until they rabbit ruin he , he be a real good man , buddy . buddy what be you mother like ? rose a saint just like you own mother . she 's up in heaven right now , she and lunette , there be not no doubt about it . another angle as buddy and Rose walk away hand in hand away from the rabbit hutch . buddy maybe it be eat all that rabbit that make you sexy , Rose . rose buddy , sex do not mean a thing to I . it be not nothin ' but a mosquito bite . ( stop , smile , put a arm around he shoulder ) I will tell you a secret . Girls do not want sex , buddy , girl want love . dissolve to : hillyer home - live room night a shot of mother and daddy in the hillyer live room late at night . mother sit with a worried expression on a chair , a kimono around she shoulder . daddy be pace worriedly in pajamas and a bathrobe . he look at he wristwatch . daddy it 's twenty after one . mother I do not understand it . even in the wild day she be never as late as this . daddy I be afraid it 's my fault . I make she feel guilty this morning -- ( glance around , see something in doorway ) brother , what be you do up ? another angle on buddy in pajamas as he enter the live room . buddy I hear you talk . have not Rose come in ? daddy no , she have not . ( frown , look around ) I think I hear a car . ext . hillyer home - driveway CUT to a shot of a 1930 's automobile in the hillyer driveway at night as it drive up and stop before the front step . another angle , close on Rose and Dave wilkie in the car . here dave be much younger , of course , and a rather handsome man in a stolid way . even though he be young than when we see he on the plane , he be quite a bit older than Rose . Rose 's eye be open wide , she be a bit breathless , obviously something important have happen . Dave stare at she as if fascinate , almost as if awed . dave ( rather stiffly ) I want to thank you for a wonderful afternoon and evenin' . can I see you in the mornin' ? rose ( a bit breathless ) yes . Year you can , you sure can . int . hillyer home - live room - night CUT to a shot of daddy peer out of the window of the live room . daddy why , that look like Dave wilkie , mother who ? daddy you know Dave , he wife use to do dressmake for you before she die . ext . hillyer home - front step - night CUT to a shot of Rose on the step . happy as a clam , she turn and wave at Dave in the car , then go on up the step . int . hillyer home - front hall - night CUT to a shot of the front hall as Rose come through the front door . she be very excited , happy . int . hillyer home - live room - night the camera follow she as she go into the live room with she big news . rose you will never guess what happen ! ( pause , then dramatically ) I have meet Mr. right ! I be with he all day and he love I , I know he do , he love I and he 's go to marry meet be 's practi'cly ast I already ! mother well ... well , that 's wonderful , Rose . rose and who do you suppose he be ? that policeman who arrest I , the one I bit ! he be Mr. right ! dissolve to : int . church - day various shot of a wedding in a tiny country church . we see shot of Rose in a white wedding dress , smile , happy . Dave be stiff and solemn in he best suit . daddy gravely give Rose away . we hear no dialogue here , music on track . we see mother , buddy , doll and waski in the front row , all in Sunday best and very solemn . we see a close shot of Rose 's knee tremble beneath she white wedding dress as a country minister marries they . various shot of a rather idyllic country wedding in a very plain , unpretentious country church , and ... dissolve to : ext . church - day a shot of Rose , Dave , buddy , doll and waski at a picnic celebration outside the church by a run brook . the scene should be beautiful in summertime . we see a barbecue pit , homemade ice cream in the metal can , other picnic thing . a happy Rose be kissing first buddy , then doll , then waski . Dave smile fondly , but rather stiffly at she . rose and now waski , be you and buddy and dolly ready for some ice cream , huh ? do you like picnic or do not you ? waski we like them ! we love them ! dave well , it be not a picnic , honey . it 's a barbecue . rose ( a little smile ) okay . dave a picnic do not involve roast meat , hon . at a barbecue you have a lot of roast meat . CUT to a shot close on buddy as he stare pensively at Dave . the camera stay on he as we hear voice over . Rose be happy , Dave phlegmatic . rose ( v.o. ) well , all I know be there 's ice cream . and I be gonna have I a plate right now ! dave ( v.o. ) better wait , hon . it will spoil you appetite . have some barbecue first . the camera stay on buddy , as he stare pensively at Dave . he have no expression on he face at all . dissolve to : ext . church - day a shot of Rose and Dave bid goodbye to the hillyer . daddy , mother , buddy , doll and waski be in the model A. Rose be obviously on the verge of tear as Dave speak solemnly to daddy . dave well , we be off to Savannah , Mr. hillyer . no more police work , I be get in the construction field . daddy good luck , Dave . and good luck to you , too , rosebud . rose ( begin cry ) oh , Mr. hillyer ! I just can not stand to say goodbye ! daddy start the model A. rose ( cont 'd ) I love you all ! Goodbye , buddy ! Goodbye , dolly ! Goodbye , waski ! another angle on Rose as she weep and wave the handkerchief . rose ( cont 'd ) Goodbye ! Goodbye ! dissolve to : int . / ext . model a - STREET - day a shot of daddy and mother in the model a as daddy drive . we see doll and waski solemn on the back seat , but buddy be not visible . daddy well , thank God we be rid of she at last . and the best thing of all be that she 's happy . the little nut be happy , she find Mr. right in the nick of time ! mother well , yes , she 's happy . of course Dave do not have she life force , not at all . there be not much furniture in he house , just a table and one or two chair , whereas Rose have furniture come out of the window . daddy honey , he be Mr. right . mother ( slowly nod ) yes , I think so . he adore she , it 's almost pitiful the way he worship she . I just hope she be not too much for he . mother pause , frown , she have she doubt , look over she shoulder . mother ( cont 'd ) what do you think , brother ? mother frown in surprise . CUT to a Pov shot of buddy on the back seat of the car . now it be clear why we could not see he in the other shot . be be lie down on the seat of the car with he Sunday coat pull over he head . another angle on mother and buddy , doll , waski . buddy lie on the seat , motionless with he coat over he head . mother ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter with he ? doll ( seem awed , stare down at buddy ) I do not know . I think he 's cryin ' ! CUT to another angle on mother , from the front as she slowly turn back and stare thoughtfully ahead . the shot be also on daddy . they both stare ahead in pensive silence . finally mother speak . mother ( rather sadly ) maybe brother be right . maybe so . dissolve to : end of flashback int . / ext . hertz car on interstate - day on willcox hillyer behind the wheel of the hertz car . he be stare pensively ahead , a faint trace of tear in he eye . it be a very faint trace , a look of mild irony and amusement be on he face . willcox hillyer ( dryly , to himself ) Mr. right . Dave wilkie . willcox slowly shake he head . ext . hertz car - interstate exit - day CUT to a shot of the red Ford as it take a turn - off from a interstate . ext . hertz car - bustling CITY - day CUT to a shot of the red Ford as it drive into a rather bustling little Southern city that do not look at all like the " glenville " we have see . a lot of traffic , new road , fill station , prosperity . it could be Rome , Georgia as it be today . ext . car past holiday inn - day another shot of the red Ford go past a modern holiday Inn in the city . ext . hillyer home - driveway - day on the red Ford as it turn into a familiar driveway , that of the old hillyer home . but insofar as possible it look different now , like a relic from the past . maybe the house need painting , the garden be in weed -- the place be not exactly dilapidate , but it be mark by time . a shot of willcox hillyer as he get out of the red Ford and walk up the familiar step of the front porch , travel bag in hand . ext . hillyer home - front porch - day on willcox hillyer at the front door . he try the knob , open the door and go inside . int . hillyer home - front hall - day CUT to a shot of willcox hillyer as he glance into the live room . the room look the same but different - it be musty , dim . willcox hillyer stare at it as if haunt a bit , turn and the camera follow he as he cross the hall and look into mother 's old bedroom -study . this room be quite different . the four poster be go . the room be dusty , musty , dark . magazine be on the floor in a ring around mother 's old study chair . we see " male " thing . it be apparent daddy life alone in this room . a shot of willcox hillyer as he walk down the familiar hall back to the kitchen . int . hillyer home - kitchen - day he look around . no one be there . he glance at a modern refrigerator that be in pretty poor shape , glance with a frown at dish in the sink unwash . he go on out to the patio . ext . hillyer home - patio - day CUT to a shot of daddy put out seed for bird on a table on the patio . daddy now be a very old man , but he personality and style be the same as ever . he look up with a stern frown as willcox hillyer come out on the patio . daddy well , you rascal , where would you come from ? willcox hillyer hello , daddy . how be you ? daddy about as good as can be expect with one foot in the grave . good to see you , son . ( they shake hand ) do you bring any of that yankee whisky with you ? willcox hillyer it be not yankee whisky , daddy , it 's scotch . daddy it 's yankee whisky to I . daddy take he by the arm , lead he back into the kitchen . daddy ( cont 'd ) how do you stand it up there , boy , in all that ice and snow ? what be you , a polar bear ? int . hillyer home - kitchen - day CUT to a shot of willcox hillyer and daddy as they enter the kitchen . the former open he travel bag and take out a bottle of teacher 's . willcox hillyer I can use a drink after the plane ride I have . daddy you wife and child be back in New Hampshire in the snow ? willcox hillyer ( a little smile ; it be summer , there could not be snow in New Hampshire ) yeah , they be in the snow . willcox open whisky , look for glass in the dusty familiar cupboard . daddy be they polar bear , too ? willcox hillyer ( frown at cupboard ) good God , the way you live here . this place have not be dust since mother die . look at that goddamn refrigerator . daddy get another twenty year in it , boy . ( something seem to be bother he ) by the way , son , do you recall Rose , that pretty blonde girl who come to we house way back in 1935 or 1936 and cause such a damnable commotion . willcox hillyer ( frown , turn and stare at he ) of course I recall Rose . in fact I have be think of no one else for the last hour and a half . daddy how could that be , son ? willcox hillyer Dave wilkie of all people be sit by I on the plane -- she first husband . it 's funny you would mention Rose . do you hear from she ? willcox pour out whisky . daddy ( casually ) well , yes , in a manner of speak . you will have the back bedroom , son , mother 's old art room . just be careful go down the stair you do not break you yankee neck . ext . hillyer home - patio - day CUT to a shot of willcox hillyer and daddy as they walk with they drink out to the patio . willcox hillyer what 's all this about Rose ? what do you mean , you hear from she in a manner of speak ? daddy oh , I hear from she , I get a letter from she , she 's fine . but there be some sad news . willcox hillyer what sad news ? do she cancer come back ? daddy oh , no , no , she get all over that . Rose be fine . let 's sit down , son . willcox hillyer be she husband sick or something ? daddy no , it 's another thing . I be go to write you about it , but since you be come down anyway I think I would wait till you get here . what do Dave wilkie have to say ? another angle on willcox hillyer and the age daddy as they sit on the patio sip whisky . willcox hillyer be not disturb or worried about Rose , daddy have be very casual and offhand about it and he have no inkling of what the news really be . willcox hillyer the pitiful son of a bitch say Rose be a nymphomaniac . daddy um-hmm , and I suppose that incense you ? willcox hillyer you be damn right it incense I , the miserable bastard . he also say the kike and the nigger have take over Washington . d.c . daddy ( nod somberly ) yeah , I know , he be up here . it 's pitiful like you say . when he lose Rose it ruin the man , it destroy he totally when he lose Rose . willcox hillyer he do not lose she , he throw she away . daddy yes , I guess he do . he throw she away and it be the mistake of he life . willcox hillyer ( stare off pensively into space ) you know , I do not know this town any more . all this traffic , new building , prosperity ... ( pause , almost as if in pain ) where have the year go , daddy ? where be the little town I know as a boy ? daddy at rest in the creative universe with mother , son . willcox hillyer ( a little smile ) that 's what she would say herself . daddy ( simply , he be not emote ) a wonderful woman , boy . willcox hillyer it always give I a funny feel to come home . dear old southland . go . it 's all go , daddy -- ( a fond little smile ) -- except you , you be still here . daddy ( matter -of -factly ) not for long , boy . I have outstaye my welcome already . willcox hillyer it 's funny you would mention Rose , I be think about she all the way up in the car . ( give he a glance ) or maybe it be not so funny . daddy ( as if in previous think ) I be older than hell , boy . but this yankee whisky be mighty fine , I will say that . willcox hillyer all right , daddy . we have we drink , we be out on the patio , you have prepare I for it . Rose 's cancer have come back , have not it ? daddy ( simply , quietly ) no , son , she be dead . willcox hillyer ( numb with shock , for a moment can not speak or think ) Dead , Rose be dead ? you mean ... she die ? daddy I be afraid so , son . about a week ago . her husband phone I , she have ask he to call I if anything happen . willcox hillyer ( in awful shock ) but ... but how ? she be young ! Rose be not old ! daddy she be fifty - six , son . of course she do not look it , nowhere near it . the cancer come back , I be afraid I fibbe about that . but it be very quick , son . she be in the hospital only two week , and the last week she do not know anything . willcox hillyer ( in distress , a slightly choke voice ) Excuse I , I will be right back . willcox hillyer rise with he drink in hand and walk across the patio to the kitchen door . int . hillyer home kitchen - day CUT to a shot of willcox hillyer as he go into the kitchen . he pick up the whisky bottle and pour himself a very large drink . another angle , close on willcox hillyer as he stare across the kitchen lose in think . dissolve to : blur -bordered shot of rose in the kitchen , a sunny smile on she face as she pour coffee for daddy . a very quick moment , only a few second . dissolve to : a close shot of willcox hillyer in the kitchen , drink in hand , a look of grief on he face . he struggle to control himself , put a hand over he eye , then pull himself together , turn from the kitchen . shot of the patio on willcox hillyer and daddy as the former walk up with he refresh drink and sit down . he be in control now , he face be expressionless and he be seemingly calm . willcox hillyer well , you have knock I for a hell of a loop , old man . a hell of a loop . daddy ( simply ) I know . you love she . so do I . it be a awful shock to I , too . a awful shock . Rose be so alive it 's hard to believe . willcox hillyer I can not believe it , daddy . I know it must be true , but I can not believe it . daddy it 's true , son . the girl with the cornflower eye be dead , she be no more , daddy pause , in trouble emotionally , but get a grip on himself and in a almost dispassionate manner ; but powerful feel be behind he word . daddy ( cont 'd ) she get cancer of the breast , be operate on and have a seven - year recovery , then after a brief illness pass on in she sleep , as the man with whom she would live in beautiful love and harmony for twenty - five year hold she hand . that be what happen , son , and God rest she lovely soul ! CUT to a close shot of willcox hillyer . despite he effort to control himself , tear be in he eye . he clenches he tooth , take a big swallow of he drink . another angle on they both as daddy rise . daddy ( cont 'd ) and now , if you be through with that yankee whisky , we will go to the holiday Inn and get some dinner . shot of willcox hillyer and daddy as they walk toward the red rental Ford . daddy use a cane . he be a very old man . willcox hillyer look in pain , he grimace as they walk along . willcox hillyer why Rose ? why Rose , daddy ? daddy nobody life forever , boy . who would want to ? willcox hillyer that 's a hell of a thing to say . why , Rose ? daddy ( stop and firmly ) now look , boy , get a grip on yourself . Rose have a good life . she find she . right , do not she ? she triumph over everything , what be you blubber about ? willcox hillyer I be not blubber . CUT to a shot of the red Ford go down the familiar driveway . shot on daddy and willcox hillyer in the car . daddy be stare fiercely ahead , willcox hillyer stare ahead in gloom . shot of the red ford as it pull up in front of the holiday Inn we have already see . shot on daddy and willcox hillyer in the car . willcox hillyer sit there stare off into space in deep gloom . daddy eye he and now relent . we see sympathy in he face . daddy ( gently ) Rose be not dead , son . not really . some of we die , but some of we do not . Rose life . as long as some little girl somewhere get herself up and go out , Rose life . CUT to a shot of daddy and buddy , now middle - age willcox hillyer , as they walk toward the entrance of the holiday Inn . music . the end