ran screenplay by akira kurosawa & hideo oguni & masato Ide base on " King lear " by William Shakespeare translated by tadashi shishido fade in exterior - grassland - grand hunt - day across the field echoe the tumult - a mixture of the sound of the gong , drum , and conch horn of the beater and the bark of dog . a mass of mount samurai , dress for hunt , be gallop through the tall summer grass , which wave wildly as they storm by . they be wear rush hat , deerskin hunt wear , and leather arm protector , and be carry quiver on they back . the samurai in the lead , old but tough , draw he bow , aim at the prey . his long white hair and beard billow in the wind ; he hawkish eye shine in he tan face - the magnificent vision of a great warrior who have survive hundred of battle . this be the great Lord , hidetora ichimonji . exterior - plateau - day a three - fork road - two fork split to right and leave toward the mountain on the edge of the plateau , the other to the great expanse of the plain below . by the three road be three camp , each with a different family crest indicate the owner on the bunt . station by the respective camp be retainer and beater . the horse graze , they body gleam with sweat . exterior - ichimonji camp - day the family crest of ichimonji , a figure meaning '' one , '' be on the bunt . exterior - inchimonji camp - day a circle of lord and retainer seat comfortably around saké and food , enjoy the feast . in the center , hidetora ichimonji . on he leave , accompany by they respective retainer , be the lord fujimaki and ayabe . on he right be taro takatora , who be hidetora 's first son and heir ; jiro masatora , he second son ; and saburo naotora , he third son . facing hidetora be he chief retainer , tango and ikoma . ayabe first , a drink of congratulation to Lord ichimonji , who perform the feat of the day at the grand hunt when he arrow kill the great boar . fujimaki all at once it be in front of I . my horse give a leap , and I lose my chance to grab a arrow . I be dismounted . taro Father , shall we cook the boar here ? hidetora that be a old boar . its meat it tough ; it stink - hardly edible . would you like to eat old hidetora ? ( glare at fujimaki and ayabe ) fujimaki no one would , if he could , no matter what . therefore , I accompany you today on the hunt in order to deepen we friendship . ayabe that be correct . and I , too , would like to strengthen the bond between the house of ichimonji and ayabe , through the marriage of my daughter to you son saburo . fujimaki wait . I have the same desire . Lord ichimonji , today be a good opportunity . please give we you answer . whom will you choose for Lord saburo 's bride , my daughter or Lord ayabe 's ? hidetora it be a difficult choice ... two daughter for one lord . if only my second son , jiro , be not already marry . fujimaki and ayabe , they hostility to each other obvious , silently drink . hidetora break the silence , call a servant - entertainer , the equivalent of the fool in a medieval european court . hidetora ( cont ’d ) kyoami , serve we some entertainment . a man call kyoami with a shave head and wear strange clothes , who have be wait at the far end , step up , make a quick bow , and begin to dance as he sing . kyoami ( sing ) what be that that have come hopping over here from yonder mountain prick up one - two long ear ? - a hare ! his imitation of a hare be amusing enough to win unanimous applause and laughter from the entire party , except for saburo , who be seat next to jiro and who do not even smile . saburo I say , kyoami . you say a hare . but you mean two ? kyoami what ? saburo two , eh ? ( regards fujimaki and ayabe ) then come hopping over from beyond that two mountain to be eat by my father . taro saburo , watch you tongue ! jiro do not say such idiotic thing ! taro and jiro glance up at they father , hidetora , for he reaction . hidetora be bent over the cup in he hand . a careful look reveal that he have fall asleep . the cup fall . the entire party , shocked , stare at hidetora . fujimaki the great Lord look tired . ( regards ayabe ) we , too , should withdraw and wait until he awake . ayabe rise as he glower at saburo , then sweep the bunt aside and go out . fujimaki stare at saburo , who have assume a posture of composure , then quietly raise the bunt and exit . taro and jiro follow they out . taro ( quietly ) it be a feign sleep . after saburo 's insult , the only way he could save the situation be to pretend to have fall asleep . tango and ikoma exchange worried glance , then regard the old lord . hidetora be quiet , sound asleep . see he father sleep in the midsummer sun , saburo break off a branch of early bush clover to provide shade for he . exterior - sky - column of cloud - day the cloud climb up magnificently into the blue sky , one side shine brilliantly in the afternoon sun . exterior - ichimonji camp - late afternoon taro , jiro , and ikoma greet tango , who have be look into the be surround with bunt , where hidetora be sleep . taro be he still asleep ? tango yes , snug and sound . jiro it have never happen before . he be merely hunt . he never look tired before , even after he have capture a domain . taro the sun be in the west . wake he up . we have the lord fujimaki and ayabe as we guest . saburo , who have be sleep in the grass , abruptly awake and yawn . saburo it you be go to worry about something , worry about father . he be not snore loudly today . that be strange . he look over at the bunt . taro , jiro , tango , and ikoma follow he glance . the bunt begin to sway . sweep it open , hidetora stagger out , almost expressionless , vacantly gaze into space . his bear gradually reveal the emaciation of old age - the vigor he show at the hunt have vanish ; there be not even the least trace of it ; he be like a different man . taro and the other look at each other , then run to he . taro Father , what be the matter with you ? jiro be you ill ? hidetora be quiet . ( pause ) I have a dream ... a dream of a wilderness . a wilderness ... no matter how far I go I see no one . I shout and scream , but no one answer . and then this cool summer breeze cut into I like a blast of autumn wind - and I wake up . everyone be listen silently , amaze at the seriousness in he tone . hidetora ( cont ’d ) when I awoke ... I be alone . alone ... all by myself . the think almost suffocate I . I feel a shudder run through I . I jump to my foot and leave the place ... ridiculous ! taro 's voice bring I back to myself . ( more ) hidetora ( cont 'd ) there in front of my eye be my dear child ... taro , jiro , and saburo . he look tenderly at he three son . saburo Father , this be the first time that I see you like this . taro saburo , hold you tongue ! be you not grateful for the way he feel about we ? he trust we . saburo but I can not believe what he have just say , because we be not allow to do anything except on order from we father . do you think we be trust the way thing be ? hidetora all right . I have be think of this for a long time . I shall tell you my decision . the place be right . the time be right . the lord fujimaki and ayabe , who wish to marry they daughter to saburo , be here with we . someone , escort the two lord here ! exterior - sky - rainhead - sunset the top of the cloud have turn dark . in the distance there be sign of a storm - the rumble of distant thunder . exterior - plateau - sunset the vast plain below be illuminate by the slant ray of the set sun , throw up silhouettes of the large , medium , and small castle . hidetora sit on a camp stool against that background . he begin to speak to the man around he : taro , jiro , saburo , fujimaki , ayabe , tango , ikoma , and the other main retainer . there be almost nothing in he appearance of the earlier emaciation , and there be a tone of confidence in he voice . hidetora I , hidetora ichimonji ... ( point to the small castle in the distance ) ... be bear in that small castle . at that time this plain of unno be the scene of fight , a struggle among countless lord . when I be seventeen , I raise my flag over that castle . I fight hard for fifty - odd year ... and at last I conquer this plain and raise the ichimonji standard over that castle there ... ( point to the massive castle on one side of the plain ) and after that I have spend the year crossing sword and spear with this two lord . the time have come when we be finally able to put the steed of war to rest . but I be already seventy ... he sigh and drop he shoulder , but then suddenly straighten up and look sharply around the group . hidetora ( cont ’d ) I , hidetora , hereby hand the headship of the house to my eldest song , taro . the retainer , who have be listen intently , show surprise and consternation . tango and ikoma exchange glance . the former move forward on he knee , gaze at hidetora . tango my lord , we do not understand . it be so sudden ... hidetora no . it be something I have long think about : someday the time will come when I retire and let the young man take care of my domain . listen , man . now be the time ! let I restate it to all of you . from now on , taro be the head of the House of ichimonji , the lord of the land . I will move from the castle keep to the outwork . ( more ) hidetora ( cont 'd ) I will keep thirty retainer by my side as well as the title and form of lordship , but administration of the land and sovereignty over the steed of war will all go to taro . obey well my order , all of you ! all the retainer be dumbfounded . the face of tango , ikoma , and the other chief vassal express misgiving over hidetora 's proclamation . fujimaki and ayabe also can not help look at each other . jiro ( dissatisfy ) I will obey . but would you kindly give saburo and I you instruction for we future ? hidetora look at jiro with a fleeting expression , as if he have be catch in a lie . hidetora you , jiro and saburo , be to defend the second and third castle , and assist taro , who will be in the first Castle . I will be you guest , sometimes at the first Castle , sometimes at the second and the third , enjoy my remain year . saburo ( muttering ) oh , pity the old ! his word sound crude and heartless , but behind the seem heartlessness there be love . taro ( go forward , speak humbly ) I would like to speak . you honorable command concern the inheritance of headship of the house be most appreciate , but I beg you to reconsider . hidetora why ? taro though I be you eldest son , to rule this land in you place be too great a task for I . ( more ) taro ( cont 'd ) I have always pray to the god of war that my father might live to a hundred year , even if it mean the shorten of my own life . saburo taro be surely talented at speech . I could never know how to use such sweet word . it be embarrassing to listen to he . hidetora you be perverse ! be you say that taro be try to flatter I ? saburo be about to speak . jiro ( interrupt ) Father , pay no attention to saburo . I feel the same way as taro ; we long to be safe in we father 's arm . but the time have come for we , in order to make you remain year peaceful , to stand in the thick of the world 's arrow . hidetora well say , jiro . bring I that quiver . he take three arrow from the quiver and hand one each to taro , jiro , and saburo . hidetora ( cont ’d ) can you break this ? the three brother accept the arrow with a dubious look , then break the arrow with a snap . the father watch they , then hand they three arrow more . hidetora ( cont ’d ) now bundle this and try to break they . none of the three can break they . hidetora watch they . hidetora ( cont ’d ) a single arrow can easily be break . but three arrow in a bundle cannot . ( more ) 10 . hidetora ( cont 'd ) even if mishap befall taro and he cannot defend himself alone , if you put you strength together , both the House of ichimonji and this land will stay secure . saburo place the three arrow against he knee and shatter they . hidetora ( cont 'd ) ( White with rage ) you perverse brat ! be you still pull you trick on I ? saburo you be the one who be act foolishly , speak such nonsense . hidetora what do you mean , nonsense ? saburo you be . either you be senile or you be mad . hidetora silence ! how dare you speak like that to you father ? what have I say that be mad ? what have I say that be senile nonsense ? saburo I will tell you . first , just what do you think this world be ? this be a world where man 's evil , cruel instinct be expose , where you can not live unless you throw aside you humanity and all noble feeling ! hidetora I be well aware of that . saburo I suppose you be . you have spill so much human blood you can not measure it . you have live without mercy or pity . but Father , we , too , be child of this degrade age of strife ; you do not know what we may be think - '' my dear child , '' you think . to I , Father , you be none other than a madman - a senile old madman . 11 . hidetora ( choke , threateningly ) all right . then you be say that someday , accord to the circumstance , you may regard I as no longer you parent and might betray I ? saburo you be be foolish again . no betrayer ever tell you he be go to betray you . hidetora then you be say that taro and jiro have treason in they mind ? jiro maybe he do not want you , taro , to inherit the lordship . taro saburo , be you try to slander I for that purpose ? even if you be my brother , if you go too far , I must punish you . saburo Father , you warning about the three arrow seem to have be waste already . at this rate it will not be long before we be fight each other , wash blood with blood . hidetora what be this ? it be outrageous ! do you intend to disregard you father 's will and wish ? all right . if you insist that there be no parent or child in today 's world , then , just as you wish , I cut the bond of parent and child between we . from now on you be a complete stranger to I . out of my sight ! be go ! tango what be you say , my lord ? hidetora quiet , tango . it be my mistake to have love saburo more than anyone else , and so I spoiled he . ( more ) 12 . hidetora ( cont 'd ) I be the one who raise he as arrogant and impudent . it be too late for regret . rotten flesh have to be cut off , even if it be you own . tango please wait . what master saburo say be blunt and could even be think rude , but that be just the frank word that come from a honest character . if you listen carefully , he be tell the truth , and be not in error . hidetora silence ! ( flashes he sword ) tango be you mad , my lord ? as you aide , it be we duty to tell you what we think . I , tango , shall not withdraw one step just because you wave you sword at I now . please withdraw you exceedingly rash decision at once . hidetora I tell you to be silent ! tango I will not ! hidetora you be rude ! you impudence match saburo 's . I can permit it no longer . both of you , be go ! fujimaki , ayabe , and the retainer gaze in astonishment , speechless , at the argument between father and son , lord and vassal . exterior - sky - thunderhead - sunset about to dissolve into rain , the cloud trail over the set sun . the sun be a ominous red . 10 13 . exterior - plateau - sunset saburo be lie down , the pampas grass for he bedding and he arm for a pillow . tango be crouching beside he . two horse be graze . saburo ( mumble disconnectedly ) what trouble ! tango well , what be you go to do , master saburo ? saburo not I . the one in trouble be my father . it pain I to think where he be head for . tango , you be a fool . tango why be I a fool ? saburo for defend I and be throw out with I . it be a mistake for you to leave my father 's side , no matter what . over track , we hear dash hoofbeat . saburo and tango be listen . tango I can not believe it . they seem to have send someone after we . the two of they jump onto they horse and race away at full gallop . five horseman chase they . chase , saburo and tango reach the top of a cliff , reluctantly stop they horse , and turn around , they hand on the hilt of they sword . the chaser be fujimaki and he retainer . fujimaki why do you run away , my son-in - law ? saburo ( react , stare at he ) son-in-law ? me? 14 . fujimaki ( dismount ) I be a hasty man . please listen to I . Lord saburo , you have become the object of you father 's rage and have be exile from you land . Lord ayabe and I have see and hear what happen form the start . to you , young lord , who be now a exile and no different from a beggar ... no , excuse my rudeness . what I mean to say be that ... well , I cannot put it very well . ( frustrate ) saburo ( laugh , dismount ) it do not matter . to I , no different from a beggar ... fujimaki I think that to you , as you be , I would not give my daughter in marriage . saburo I should suppose not . fujimaki wait a minute . that be what Lord ayabe think , too , and he decide against the marriage . I , too , have withdraw my proposal . but as I be return to my land I keep on think how wonderfully you have act . I like you more and more . how could I let such a young lord go ? I will take he for my son - in - law , I think , and turn back . in the meantime you have run away . would you dislike to become my son - in-law ? saburo whether I would dislike it or not ... fujimaki well , first come to my land and think it over seriously . tango , you , too , be splendid . you be a man of will . I need you , too . will you come with we ? 11 12 15 . tango I be truly grateful for you kindness , but I cannot . ( bow to fujimaki , turn to saburo ) no matter what guise I may have to assume , I will never leave the great Lord . ( whip horse , gallop away ) exterior - mountain skyline - night the moon come out . exterior - pampas grass field - night pampas leave glimmer in moonlight . the moon be golden , and so be the pampas leave . on the field , the silhouettes of hidetora 's rank return to he castle from the grand hunt . hidetora ride , sway , he head drop ; he be drowsy . taro and jiro , watch hidetora on he horse from behind , be talk in low voice , carefully look around . taro what do you think of Father today ? jiro I can not say it out loud , but he be not normal . taro I suppose old age be get the better of he . jiro he have never be able to see himself objectively . grow old have make he temper even worse , and he cannot distinguish thing anymore . taro he have always be able to do just what he want , and so he have become rigid in he selfishness . yet he capriciousness be really too much for I . 13 14 16 . jiro ( grin ) thanks to he capriciousness , this land have fall into you hand . above all , it be essential for we to contrive a way to prevent he capriciousness from take the land back again . taro hmm ... help I , then . hidetora , who seem to be asleep , suddenly square he broad shoulder , look straight ahead , and give a command in a loud voice . hidetora Men , light the torch ! taro Father , we do not need torch in this moonlight . hidetora idiot ! we be go into the forest . on a moonlit night the forest be even darker . taro say nothing . jiro look coolly at taro . fade out fade in exterior - first castle - day the massive castle be impressive . interior - first castle - day two stream of servant and soldier , carry numerous woman 's article , pass each other . among they be chambermaid carry hand - box and tiny case . they stop . taro 's wife , Lady kaede , follow by she maid , stop as she procession come to a standstill . kaede what be go on ? she seem hot -tempere , and knit she brow . 15 16 17 17 . from the front of the line a old woman come over with quick , small step , and , kneel , explain . old woman Lord hidetora 's mistress be move from the castle keep to the outwork , and they will not get out of the way for my lady 's procession . kaede how rude ! I be now the lady of this castle . how dare they block my path ! the old woman scurries away . interior - first castle - outwork - day hidetora be look out the window . interior - first castle - passage - day hidetora 's mistress stand to one side and kneel as they let Lady kaede 's procession pass by . interior - first castle - outwork - day hidetora why be my woman kneel to taro 's woman ? it be outrageous ! ikoma , who have be wait on he at he side , appear annoyed . ikoma how can you say that ? since you have give possession of the caste to Lord taro , it be only natural . hidetora suddenly close the window . then , suddenly , we hear a sing voice . voice ( sing ) he give away he house . he give away he field ... hidetora look away . 18 . from the corner of the room kyoami come out sing and dance in the same strange costume he previously wear . kyoami ( sing ) we village chief be good - nature . he will end up a scarecrow in the paddy . hidetora ( turn angrily ) be you try to call I a fool ? kyoami God forbid ! the fool be I ... ( point to himself ) ...- here to curry you favor , you illustrious laughingstock ... I ama fool . buy you , my lord ... ( point to hidetora ) +..are another . you have lose all you have gain ! he dash away , gesture like a idiot . 18 interior - first castle - donjon - top floor - day taro and Lady kaede , he wife . kaede how truly auspicious it be that you have ascend to the headship of the House of ichimonji . taro ( his whole face smile ) kaede ... ( stands up , look out window ) how many time have I look out form here on the landscape ? and ... now that it be mine , this landscape look entirely different . kaede , ignore taro 's deep emotion , look at the upper platform . there be no furnishings on it ; it look bare . kaede I be sure the standard be display there . 19 . taro ( nod ) Father 's standard and he armor and helmet be display there . kaede well , where be they ? taro ( casually ) I just hand they to Father 's bearer . kaede tightly knit she brow . kyoami I do not care about the armor , but the standard ... my lord . that standard be suppose to be with the head of the hoe of ichimonji . taro 's face reveal a slightly troubled expression . taro but Father say that he would keep the title and form of lordship ... kaede without the form you be just a shadow . taro what do you mean ? Father definitely say that the headship would go to I . kaede then behave like it . she rise and shout down from the top of the staircase . kaede ( cont 'd ) somebody ! bring the standard here . bring the standard back here . it be we lord 's order . voice yes , my lady ! the voice be follow by hasty footstep . taro stand in blank amazement . 19 20 . kaede , see he from the corner of she eye , cross to the window and gaze out , calm and compose . exterior - first castle - passage - day a group of people , pack in the narrow passage between the castle battlement and the stone wall , jostle each other in unusual excitement . sway in the wave of man be the large ichimonji standard . hidetora 's and taro 's retainer be struggle for the red banner display a golden character that mean '' one . '' voice 1 what do you think you be do ? voice 2 take it back to the keep ! voice 3 the ichimonji standard belong to the great Lord ! voice 4 it be the head of the house 's standard , and Lord taro be the head of the ichimonji House now ! voice 5 do not let they have it ! do not let they have it ! voice 6 give it to we ! with a great shout , they whirl about and struggle furiously , send up dust . the whirl of dust surround the golden character on the banner . kyoami , who have be watch from a nearby tower , dance , sing in a loud voice . kyoami ( sing ) that lord be a gourd in the wind , totter this way , totter that ... one of taro 's retainer look up at he and run up the tower . kyoami ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) totter this way , totter that . ( more ) 20 21 22 21 . kyoami ( cont 'd ) a gourd we will hang from the keep . would not that be amusing ? reaching the top of the tower , taro 's retainer grab kyoami by the collar . retainer you insolent bastard ! I will give you this ! he try to push kyoami off the tower . at that moment , a arrow , its feather whistling , fly into the retainer 's chest . he groan and fall down the stone wall . shock , kyoami fall back and land on he buttock . hidetora 's retainer and taro 's be startle for a instant , then look around to see where the arrow come from . interior - first castle - outwork - day hidetora stand on the upper story , he foot on the windowsill , one of he sleeve roll up , hold a bow in he other hand . he have the fierce bear of a ferocious warrior . exterior - first castle - passage - day taro 's retainer , frighten , run away . behind they remain the corpse , fall from the tower , its neck break . exterior - first castle - outwork - square - night the ichimonji standard hang at the entrance to the castle outwork . in the square beneath the stone step , bonfire be quickly light . hidetora and he attendant and retainer , be hold a banquet . the retainer be sing in chorus with kyoami , who dance as he sing . retainer ( sing ) that lord be a gourd in the wind ... hidetora be drink , watch they sing . suddenly we hear a loud voice . voice who be there ? kyoami shrink behind hidetora . taro 's attendant , ogura , be be question by a guard . 22 . ogura I be a messenger from the keep . guard pass. 22a another angle ogura go into the square and kneel before hidetora . ogura I beg to speak . Lord taro takatora be hold a family gather to drink in celebration of the transference of the headship of the house . therefore , he request the presence of he father . hidetora humph ! it seem he be summoning I . hidetora angrily get to he foot . ogura Lord ikoma , you be invite , too . 23 exterior - first castle - donjon - night the donjon seem to float above the bonfire . light flicker in the window . 24 interior - first castle - donjon - top floor - night taro and kaede be sit side by side , illuminate by candlelight , they back to the alcove . that mean they be superior to any other in the room . before they be saké and dish of food , and at a distance , a round straw mat , which be a lower seat . hidetora rise from the stair and look around . hidetora I hear this be a family celebration . but be it just we ? taro yes . ikoma and ogura come up and sit side by side behind hidetora . the comic retainer . 23 . kaede please have a seat . hidetora be I to take the lower seat ? who do you think I be ? kaede you be my husband 's honorable father . hidetora be that all ? what happen to the great Lord ? be he dead ? taro please do not joke . hidetora I be not joke . as I remember , I say I would keep the title and form of the great Lord . you must not forget it . taro we have not forget it . it be you , Father , who have forget that you give the headship of the house to I . hidetora what do you mean ? I hand you this castle keep , move down to the outwork , and even set a limit on the number of my retainer . taro they may be few in number , but they action be intolerable . what do that song mean ? song be hear again , sung by hidetora 's drunken voice ( sing ) the gourd in the wind totter this way , totter that . let we hang this gourd from the castle keep . would not that be amusing ? then a burst of jeer voice . 24 . taro Father , with this go on , how can I exercise authority over my man ? hidetora they be rough warrior . they do not understand etiquette and politeness . sometimes they sing comic song . taro even with comic song there be limit . it be not unreasonable that one of my retainer rebuke the idiot whose song be clearly make fun of I . but of all thing , you shot that retainer of mine . that I can not overlook . no , I can close my eye to what happen today , but I want you to pledge firmly that such a thing will never happen again . he look at kaede . she take the thick ceremonial paper that have be place on the wooden stand table beneath the scroll of hachiman , the god of war , in the alcove , and hand it to hidetora . taro ( cont 'd ) I would like you to sign this and seal it with you blood . hidetora roughly open the ceremonial paper . when he have glance over it , he turn to glare , full of menace , at taro , then throw it in from of ikoma . hidetora this be so absurd that I do not know what to say . read it . ikoma pick up the paper and read it . ikoma ( reading ) a pledge in writing clause 1 . I transfer to taro takatora the headship of the House of ichimonji . clause 2 . therefore , taro takatora be now the head of the House of ichimonji . ( more ) 25 . ikoma ( cont 'd ) clause 3 . hereafter , I , though the father of taro takatora , shall submit myself to he authority and shall not act contrary to it . I shall not be guilty of deceit with respect to any of the above clause . I pledge the above upon any and every god on this land . hidetora well , do you think I can affix my signature to such a stupid document and seal it in blood ? ikoma you be the one who originally suggest this in the presence of the lord fujimaki and ayabe . why do this document bother you now ? ogura immediately put before hidetora a inkstone and a brush . it seem that all have be meticulously plan and prepare in advance . hidetora be instantly cornere . after a moment 's hesitation , he indignantly sign the pledge and seal it with he blood . he throw the paper at taro . hidetora be you my son ? taro what be you say ? hidetora be this a child 's attitude toward he parent ? ( glare at kaede , who be silent and expressionless ) the hen make the rooster cry . he spring to he foot , kick over the bottle of saké and food that have be prepare . hidetora ( cont 'd ) I will not stay in this castle . I have another son . he run down the stair , stamp loudly . ikoma rise to follow he . kaede ( to ikoma ) well do . thank you . 25-26 27 26 . ikoma bow and exit . taro watch he go . his pale face exude a sense of guilt , a feel that have yet to be still . kaede ( cont 'd ) ( still seat ) how I have long for this day ! taro look at he wife , surprised . kaede ( cont 'd ) I be bear and breed in this castle , which use to belong to my father . then I leave it to marry you . my father and brother , all unaware because of we marriage , be murder by you father , hidetora . then I be bring back to this castle , which be seize from my family ... I have wait for this day ever since . taro look at kaede , horrify . she be quiet for a while , then slowly look around the room . kaede ( cont 'd ) this be the room where my mother commit suicide . her glance freeze , she eye shine strangely , she be quite still . madness rise from she beautiful immobility . taro stare at she . fade out omitted fade in exterior - view of second castle - late afternoon although the second Castle be smaller in scale than the first , its black structure give a feel of warlike ferocity . 28 27 . interior - second castle - donjon - room - late afternoon thick pillar and crossbeam run vertically and horizontally , crisscross , make the interior dim , though outside it be still daytime . the weapon line against the wooden wall give a sense of warlike brutality . surround jiro , who be read a letter , be he three confidant : kurogane , shirane , and naganuma . jiro my father be on he way here . he be politely throw out of the first Castle . the three confidant exchange glance . jiro ( cont 'd ) my brother 's letter say that it be dangerous to let we selfish father in the castle . that be not all . it also say that ikoma , he aide , understand my brother 's intention . he hand the letter to kurogane , who peruse it . kurogane hmm ... Lord taro 's unusual severity be almost unbelievable . by the way , my lord , why be you sit there quietly do nothing ? naganuma exactly . you be the one who should be follow in the footstep of the great Lord and assume the burden of ruling this land . Lord taro do not have that ability . shirane if I be you , I should stake my whole life on this chance . kurogane and naganuma nod slowly . a faint smile come to jiro 's lip as he watch the three . his face in uncannily gentle , like a woman' . jiro then all of you be willing to stake you life with mine ? shirane just as you say . 28. naganuma the hunt dog will not follow they master if he let the game go . kurogane if you be not fleet , then you be we game . jiro how the dog howl ! Lord and vassal exchange word without restraint , as though equal ; in they manner can be feel the bond that tightly link they . the three jiro ( cont 'd ) it have always bother I as well . why should I have to spend my life grovel at my elder brother 's foot just because I be bear twelve month later ? I will kick off this shackle . shirane right , my lord . splendid ... jiro save you breath ! listen carefully . my brother be no problem . but he wife , Lady kaede , be . kurogane that be true . she should be perfect for you . why not steal she from he ? jiro do not be so direct . but before that there be also my father . he may have retire , but he take thirty retainer with he - every one of they a brave warrior ... a match for a thousand . he will soon come here with that brave warrior . what shall we do ? aide shout almost unanimously . kurogane it be not wise to let he in . 29 30 31 29 . exterior - second castle - gate - late afternoon hidetora ride onto the huge gate , ikoma and the other retainer as well as concubine and woman attendant follow . hidetora it be hidetora . let we pass ! his loud voice be overwhelming , not bely he magnificent look . a guard peek out a loophole , then hastily retract he head . the castle gate open . exterior - second castle - square - late afternoon on the outside be a small gate , on the inside a large one . the large gate be call the front gate , and the small gate face the outside be call the castle gate . though smaller than the front gate , the castle gate be not really small . the guard prostrate themselves . hidetora ride in . ikoma be beside he , follow by he retainer and servant , all dirty with dust and sweat , as well as he fatigue concubine and attendant . they state of exhaustion tell of they miserable travel across the field in the blaze summer sun . the great door of the front gate open for hidetora . he ride in , pass by the kneel guard . hidetora ( to chief guard ) the woman be tired . let they rest in the shade and give they water . ( pause ) I will see sué first . ( pause ) tell jiro that I will see he later . ( turn to passage ) interior - second castle - prayer hall - sunset a tiny cottage stand in solitude within the grandiose castle grounds . hidetora come and call inside the cottage . hidetora there be no answer . hidetora open the door to the cottage . there be no one inside . one the little altar , a portrait of the amitabha . Inside the dim room , it be a shine golden figure . 32 33 30 . exterior - second castle - high stone wall - sunset a stone wall soar in the linger light , describe a arc like the gradient of a japanese fan . above it , the figure of a woman stand in a long robe of wad silk , and kneel behind she the tiny figure of a old woman and a chambermaid . exterior - second caste - top of stone wall - sunset Lady sué , she hand together hold a rosary , be praying to the western sky , where the set sun be give off its last shaft of light . sue hail the western paradise , to the amitabha in thirty - six trillion identical manifestation . hidetora oh , just as I think , you be here . ( approach ) the old woman and the chambermaid , see hidetora , prostrate themselves as though frighten . sue ( regards hidetora ) father-in-law ... she be about to prostrate herself , but hidetora take she hand . hidetora no ceremony . it have be a long time . let I see you face . ( look at she tenderly as if at he own child ) you always have a sad face ... every time I see you it pain I . she try to smile . hidetora ( cont ’d ) that be even more heartbreaking . he turn he eye away , but then look sharply at she , firmly take she by the shoulder , and shake she . hidetora ( cont 'd ) it be I , hidetora , who burn you castle with you father and mother and you family in it . ( more ) 31 . hidetora ( cont 'd ) why do you look at I like that ? Rather glare at I with hatred . it would make I feel easier . but she continue gaze gently at hidetora . he let he hand drop weakly from she shoulder . hidetora ( cont ’d ) circumstance force I to burn that castle ... if you father have just open the castle to I and have lower he head to I , I would not have burn it , and you father and mother would not have die ... no , there be no use in talk about it now . go on , hate I ! sue I do not hate you . everything have be preordain in we previous life ... all thing be the heart of the buddha ... hidetora the buddha again ? there be no buddhas in today 's wold . this be a degrade age , when the buddha 's guardian , bonten and taishaku , have be route by raging asuras . it be not a world where we can rely on the buddha 's compassion . sué look up sadly at hidetora . he look down on she with pity . jiro and naganuma come run up the stone step . hidetora ( cont ’d ) ( see they ) be that you , jiro ? Son , I be go to be a guest in you castle . jiro ... I be disappointed in taro . I can no longer consider he my child . you , too , be not to think of he as you brother . listen to what happen ... jiro ( interrupt ) Father , I already know what happen from my brother 's letter . hidetora you receive a letter from taro ? 34 32 . jiro accord to he letter , you retainer be rough and wild beyond toleration . he write that I should greet you with a son 's proper courtesy , but not to let you retainer into my castle . hidetora what ? you think I be go to come into the castle all alone , leave my follower to rot outside ? jiro Lord taro be the head of the House of ichimonji , and I have no choice but to obey he instruction . hidetora be shocked , speechless , he body shaking with violent rage . jiro ( cont 'd ) if you think that be unreasonable , it might be best for you to go apologize to my elder brother and go back to the first Castle . hidetora apologize to taro and go back to the first Castle ? he forget he dignity and let out a sorrowful cry . sué stand there watch the two of they with tear in she eye . be it the golden western sky illuminate she figure that give she the very appearance of a weep buddha ? then we hear a burst of unusual sound and shout . exterior - second castle - front gate - sunset the garrison be drive hidetora 's retainer out of the gate , levelling they spear . retainer what be you do ? you do not give we water , and now you do this to we ? outrageous ! if the great Lord hear about this , you will be severely punish ! outside the gate be a group of concubine and woman tremble in fear , gaze at the unbelievable happen . 35 36 33 . kyoami be sit alone , apart from the woman , a hand on he cheek , observe calmly . stand behind the retainer , ikoma shout . ikoma Lord kurogane ! Lord shirane ! just what be this treatment ? kurogane and shirane ignore he , sneering , stand behind the garrison . exterior - second castle - passage - sunset hidetora , jiro , and naganuma come run . exterior - second castle - front gate - sunset the garrison push hidetora 's retainer brutally out of the gate and close the door . but the door begin to open again , bang and push hard by the retainer outside . the guard push they back and bar the door . kurogane step forward and call out . kurogane Lord ikoma ! Lord ikoma ! a order from the great Lord ! hidetora , who have come run with jiro and naganuma , stop to listen . kurogane ( cont ’d ) '' today we have come so suddenly that the castle have to make preparation for we . wait quietly outside until be it ready . '' this be the great Lord 's instruction . hidetora look sharply at jiro . jiro prepare for he father 's furious reproach . but contrary to he anticipation , hidetora be calmly gaze at jiro with profound sadness in he eye . jiro look down to avoid he gaze . hidetora this be enough . I understand . ( calmly , as if groan ) you be not in the least different from taro . you , too , want to get rid of I . 37 34 . jiro not at all . I would have be delighted to welcome you if you have come alone . hidetora humph ! you know that I could not do that . jiro Father , if you be retire and intend to depend on you son , there should be no need for retainer . hidetora only the bird and the beast can live by themselves . no more excuse ! he straighten himself and shout . hidetora ( cont ’d ) open the gate ! the soldier be immobile , gaze aghast at the old lord . hidetora give a sharp surveying look over they . hidetora ( cont ’d ) why do you hesitate ? I say to open the gate , not for my retainer to enter , but for I to exit . open the gate ! overwhelm by he strong voice , the soldier hurriedly open the gate . hidetora stride through the gate , stop , and look back fiercely at jiro . hidetora ( cont ’d ) Close the door ! I shall not see you again ! jiro be immobile , scared . kurogane urge the guard to close the door . exterior - second castle - outside front gate - sunset hidetora stand in front of the close front gate , he body full of fury and strength like a angry god of war . he look around ; he retainer and woman be worriedly gaze at he . suddenly he burst into a hysterical laugh ; then , as if enervate , he stagger . kyoami hurriedly run up to hold he . 38 35 . exterior - field - day a hot , calm summer day . there seem to be no live thing in the field in the sun . the ichimonji standard hang loosely without a breeze . hidetora 's concubine be lie in the shade of a few tree , cover they face with the sleeve of they beautiful garment . the retainer be sleep like log , half naked . hidetora , still in possession of the air of a great lord , be seat on a stool , gaze into space , face contort painfully . ikoma , seat behind he , look up at he searchingly . some retainer gallop in . they dismount and kowtow to hidetora . first retainer there be no one in the village . second retainer except for this desert old man ... one of the retainer pull down a gaunt old farmer who have be cling to the horse . the old man collapse to the ground , timidly look at hidetora , tremble in fear . third retainer no rice bale in the granary ; not a grain of rice in the house . second retainer the farmer must have fle to the mountain with the rice to avoid we . hidetora seem to be listen to they report but be obviously preoccupy with other thought . he nod absently , not realize what be happen . the retainer withdraw , disappointed , drag the old man away . ikoma my lord ... we have no other way than to go to the third Castle . it be there you first raise you flag . go there and once again ... hidetora ( stare at ikoma , interrupt ) idiot ! ( more ) 39-51 52 53 36 . hidetora ( cont 'd ) if I could do that , I would not have stay hungry and tired like this , wander aimlessly like a beast . just think . will the third Castle garrison welcome the one who banish they master ? ikoma do not answer . kyoami , crouching beside hidetora , regards ikoma and shrug he shoulder . hidetora return he gaze into space . omitted exterior - view of third castle - day this be a mountain caste . it rise resolutely in front of a rigid mountain , at the top of a steep slope . it be even smaller than the second Castle , but the mark of recent repair and enlargement be still new . with white tier add onto the old wooden frame , the castle look like the awe - inspiring figure of a young samurai wear white armor . exterior - third castle - front gate - day ogura , stately in noble headgear and courtly robe , come riding up , lead taro 's retainer , and shout into the castle . ogura by the order of Lord taro takatora , head of the House of ichimonji , I , ogura , have come to take possession of this castle . open the gate ! a dead silence within the castle . ogura ( cont 'd ) although we fully understand the wholehearted devotion of the garrison whose master , saburo naotora , have become a exile , open the gate and let we in in peace . then you will be accept as Lord taro 's retainer with you present position and allowance . there be no answer from inside the castle . ogura ( cont 'd ) open the gate ! open the gate ! 54 55 37 . the great door slowly open to the leave and right , revealing a crowd of samurai in the castle square , either on horseback or on foot , in they armor and helmet , spear and bow in hand . ogura and taro 's retainer gasp in surprise , then hurriedly prepare for combat . but the soldier inside the castle merely form rank . the mount man in front spur they horse to a trot and come out quietly . the bearded samurai , hatakeyama , be in the lead . hatakeyama ( to ogura ) without master saburo this castle mean nothing to we . we be in accord . we only way be to follow master saburo and die for he . we hear he be in the fujimaki domain . we be proceeding there . out of we way , if you please ! the soldier of the third Castle imposingly depart in formation , glaring contemptuously at ogura and taro 's retainer as they go . omitted exterior - field - day tango , disguise as a hunter , come lead a horse . the retainer rise from the grass . they graze horse neigh , lift they head . retainer Lord hirayama ! they sit formally with respect . tango let the retainer take care of he horse , which be carry a load of food . tango Rice . bean paste and pickle plum , too . ( sit , bow to hidetora , who be a short distance away ) I , tango hirayama , have follow you in this guise , observe what be happen to you , my lord . you have suffer so much that I could no longer remain in the shadow . ( more ) 38 . tango ( cont 'd ) although I have be banish , I would be pleased if you would accept my service . hidetora ( react , stand up ) oh , it be you , tango ! ikoma cast a scheme glance at hidetora , then call to the retainer , who be cheerfully unload the horse tango have bring . the gift quickly change they gloomy mood . ikoma wait ! we can not accept food without good reason . even if it mean starve , samurai can not accept charity from farmer . hear this , hidetora 's rage be rekindle . hidetora exactly ! the farmer should not have do this ! burn the village ! all of they ! tango rush to hidetora . tango my lord ! wait ! the farmer be not to blame . they could not ignore Lord taro 's order , so they evacuate they village to avoid you . hidetora what do that damned taro say ? tango he issue a proclamation that the great Lord be banish and that anyone who help he would be punish with death . shock , hidetora gape and collapse to the stool . the retainer and concubine be speechless as they gaze at they once - powerful lord . summer cicadas chirp in the otherwise quiet field . after what seem a eternity to tango , hidetora turn to he . hidetora only now have you admonition be bring to I . 39 . tango thank you , my lord . hidetora laugh , tango ! look what have become of hidetora ! the poor old man , betrayed by he child , throw out of he two castle , have no place to go ! tango my lord ! you do have a place to go ! master saburo have find a place with Lord fujimaki , who wish he to be he son-in - law . you should go to he . hidetora how should I ? you tell I , with what kind of face can I go to saburo ? tango ( even more strongly ) great Lord ! listen carefully . master saburo think of nothing but he father 's welfare . it be because of he that I have disguise myself like this so that I could be by you side . it be all because of he order that I protect you . this word have a deeply move effect on hidetora . his face twist in spite of himself . torn between joy and shame , the stern face of a great general disappear , give way to the face of a frail old father . one of hidetora 's retainer gallop up . retainer I beg to speak . all the soldier of the third Castle have surrender the castle to Lord ogura . they form rank and leave for the fujimaki domain . hidetora what ! ikoma now you see what fujimaki 's intention be . ( more ) 40 . ikoma ( cont 'd ) first he take saburo as a son- in - law , then he take he soldier , and then he will take you , my lord , so that the House of ichimonji will split and fight each other . he will be able to capture this land without soiling he hand . tango what be you say ? Lord fujimaki be not a man like that . ikoma ( ignore tango ) my lord , let we go to the third Castle immediately ! hidetora spring to he foot . tango my lord ! he grab hidetora 's sleeve . hidetora ( pushes he hand away ) do not tell I what to do in this emergency , you exile ! men! first , we go into the third Castle ! retainer the third Castle have be occupy by Lord ogura and he troop . ikoma it do not matter . ogura will understand . kyoami , who have be crouching , suddenly look up and sniff . kyoami it stink . it be the smell of rotten gut . ikoma look back at he sharply . kyoami shrug he shoulder and crouch again . hidetora watch they , perplex . ikoma my lord . ogura 's troops be powerless . we can beat they if necessary . tango begin to speak but be interrupt . 56 57 58 59 41 . hidetora get my horse ! a retainer come run with a horse . hidetora hastily mount it . tango have no chance to speak . kyoami go quickly . Heaven be far away , but Hell be not . hidetora turn sharply to kyoami . the next moment , with a fierce glare , he strike kyoami in the face with he whip . hidetora you cur ! do not come if you be afraid ! die ! during all this , while hidetora , tango , and ikoma argue , the retainer and lady - in- wait be so shocked by the sudden turn of event that they stand there gape . exterior - same field - later - day the same scene as before , but gloomy now , with cloud hang over it . also , the summer grass , crush and break under the foot of hidetora 's man , give the feel that one be look at the trace of man 's evildoing , the mood of a pestilence . on it be two unmove shadow - that of tango and kyoami , a fresh well on he face , tear run down over it . tango look dolefully at kyoami . tango we be sincere and speak the truth . kyoami , sobbing , turn up he face like a cry child . exterior - third castle - castle gate - day hidetora and he party be enter the castle . ikoma and ogura be on they knee wait beside the gate . after the party pass , the great door close , squeaking ominously . omitted interior - third castle - donjon - room - day hidetora , who have be in he bed with he concubine sleep beside he , sit up when he hear hasty footstep and shouting voice . 60 61 62 63 64 42 . voice great Lord ! great Lord ! a emergency ! hidetora what be it ? voice a large army have surround the castle ! hidetora ( leap up ) what ! be it fujimaki ? voice no , it be Lord taro at the front and Lord jiro at the rear . hidetora stare in blank amazement for a moment , then run out of the room with a speed that bely he age . the half - naked woman leave on the bed look shamefully unkempt . omitted interior - third castle - donjon - top floor - morning the ichimonji standard and hidetora 's armor be display in a corner . hidetora hurriedly come up the stair , run to the window on one side , open it , and look out . exterior - third castle - front gate - high shot - morning Soldiers clamoring outside the castle ; flash of fire spew from the gun muzzle of the rifler in the front row . then the resounding roar of rifle shot . interior - third castle - donjon - top floor - morning hidetora bite he lip and strain to see . exterior - third castle - front gate - high shot - morning amid the smoke stream from the rifle , taro can be see on horseback direct the soldier . 65 66 67 68 69 43 . interior - third castle - donjon - top floor - morning hidetora fiercely shake he head as if it be a nightmare , look down again , then , turn around in terrify amazement , open the window on the other side and look down . exterior - third castle - rear gate - high shot - morning here , too , soldier be clamoring . with the shoot attack of the rifler , the spear brigade rush for the gate , at the head of the rank , mount , be jiro . interior - third castle - donjon - top floor - morning hidetora , sway , pull back and call down the stair . hidetora be someone there ? call ikoma ! where be ogura ? below the stair , a retainer , hurriedly put on he armor , appear . retainer both have abandon the castle and run to the enemy position ! great Lord ! this be the end ! hidetora , he strength drain from he body , slip and tumble down the stair like a dead man fall into Hell . a terrible scroll of Hell be show depict the fall of the castle . there be no real sound as the scroll unfold like a daytime nightmare . it be a scene of human evildoing , the way of the demonic asura , as see by a buddha in tear . the music superimpose on this picture be , like the buddha 's heart , measure in beat of profound anguish , the chant of a melody full of sorrow that begin like sobbing and rise gradually as it be repeat , like karmic cycle , then finally sound like the wail of countless buddhas . omitted exterior - third castle - battlement - day a retainer hurl into the air by a explosion be throw down and die . 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 44 , exterior - third castle - passage - day Black smoke sweeping the ground ; a cloud of dust . a retainer , he hair still dishevel from sleep , scream something and stagger leave and right with a weird slowness like someone run in a dream . exterior - third castle - stable - day horse run madly out of the stable that have fall in the explosion . exterior - third castle - donjon - room - day woman in pandemonium - a whirl of voluptuous color : red , blue , yellow , violet , and pink . exterior - sky - day the sun appear from between the low-hanging cloud . Black smoke block the abnormal color and light of the sun . tongue of red flame amid the black smoke a snake crawling out of a hole in the stone wall exterior - third castle - front gate - day retainer open the great door on order from ogura - all have the appearance of scream demon . the spear-carrier 's brigade and the rifler 's brigade rush at the castle like a avalanche . the corpse of hidetora 's retainer be trample underfoot by they , spurting out blood . the glitter of spear and sword ; black smoke and dust enwrap the sway flagpole . exterior - third castle - rear gate - day ikoma be stand with the great gate open behind he . he have a demon 's expression as he scream something . the man of the rifler 's brigade that have push its way in kneel and begin to shoot . Fire and smoke . a forest of spear and bow thrust ahead through the smoke . a rain of arrow flying through the black smoke 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 45 . exterior - third castle - passage - day a stream of retainer be run away . hidetora appear among they , shouting command in a craze voice . a man scream as he crawl away to escape , a arrow pierce he leg . interior - third castle - stable - day Black smoke curl around saddle and stirrup of gold lacquerwork , leopardskin saddlecloth , and other colorful war - horse ornament . exterior - third castle - battlement - day bullet spray dust around the battlement . exterior - third castle - wooden wall - day a series of shot spark of fire in the black smoke , flame scrap of banner fly about . the crest on the banner - a butterfly with its wing open - look as if it be writhe . a blood - smear retainer , surrounded and stabbed by spear and sword , writhes in agony exterior - third castle - above stone wall - day cornere and stab , a retainer fall . archer 's brigade shoot arrow in a volley a man pierce with arrow like a porcupine exterior - third castle - front gate - day the cavalry charge . pole with flutter banneret of various color . plume on glitter helmet , the face underneath like that of evil demon . 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 46 . exterior - third castle - rear gate - day the attack cavalry . corpse trample under they horse 's hoof . a man run away be bent back , skewer . exterior - third castle - passage - day among the cavalry racing up the way , a man be run about try to escape , hold he own severe arm . exterior - third castle - castle gate - day a man come run , he whole body splash with blood and he hair undone and hang down . he cling to a pillar , then slither down to the ground . smear on the pillar be a bloody handprint and a streak of blood . exterior - third castle - stone step - day a stream of blood with island of severe arm and hand . gun muzzle spewing FIRE arrow flying through the flame a man shot in the eye with a arrow stagger with the arrow still stuck in he blood - smear face interior - third castle - donjon - room - day Foot soldier fight over the colorful , voluptuous woman 's clothes and woman 's article . Black smoke creep in . interior - third castle - granary below the donjon - day enemy man raping chambermaid . a half - naked chambermaid pick up a fall sword , stab herself in the chest , and suddenly fall . the rice bale be cover with blood . interior - third castle - deep inside the donjon - day the wooden door open , and hidetora , bath in a spray of blood and hold a bloody sword , peer out . the two concubine face each other and stab dagger into each other 's heart . be who they be , they be not dishevel ; 99 100 101 102 103 104 47 . they wear light makeup , have they robe tie at the knee for decency 's sake , and be beautifully attire in long dress . something in the beautiful way they die touch the heart . hidetora watch the scene , stand as if petrify . exterior - third castle - above stone wall - day woman in wait who have run away jump off , with dagger in they mouth - the sleeve of they voluptuous robe trail as they plunge headfirst . interior - third castle - donjon - top floor - day here , too , the smoke creep in . amid the smoke , the ichimonji standard and hidetora 's helmet be display in a corner . hidetora run up the stair . he go round and round in the room like a madman . interior - third castle - donjon - below stair - day to this floor shirane and naganuma come look for hidetora . they be force by the onslaught of arrow to crouch on the stair . exterior - third castle - front gate - day taro come riding up , greet by he retainer in a frenzy over they victory . he wear armor with pale green braid and a helmet with a plume . this also be the figure of a young general . exterior - third castle - rear gate - day jiro and he army march in . with he grass - green armor and helmet , he have the air of a great warrior . exterior - third castle - passage - day taro , mount , come with he man up the slope , now pile high with corpse , where the blood run like a river . he be compose . then - a gunshot . 104a 105 106 48. from this point , the track burst into real sound : the shout of soldier run around , footstep , hoofbeat , the flutter of banner and banneret , the roar of fire . in the midst of this sound , taro clutches at he throat with one hand , blood pour out between he finger . he reel around and fall heavily from he horse . interior - third castle - donjon - top floor hidetora run up the stair . obviously he have fight hard . he throw away he break sword , sit down with a thud , and glare into space , he face full of chagrin and fury . interior - third castle - donjon - below stair - day the top story be defend impregnably . shirane and naganuma as well as the samurai who have come rush up behind they be shower by the onslaught of arrow come from the battlement on they leave and right . two of the samurai who have rush up the stair receive arrow in the chest and forearm , and fall back on shirane and naganuma . exterior - third castle - rear gate - day jiro , who have be sit on a stool , stand up jiro what ? my elder brother have be kill ? retainer he be shot by a soldier lie in ambush with a rifle near the watchtower on the outwork . jiro oh ... kurogane do not grieve , my lord . kurogane come out of the smoke . jiro start as he see kurogane 's cold expression ; he cast a hurried glance at the rifle kurogane be hold . kurogane ( cont ’d ) such be a warrior 's fortune ... yours be better than master taro 's ! you be hereby Lord jiro masatora , head of the House of ichimonji . 106a 107 107a 49 , jiro fall into a daze , then regains he sense . jiro what have happen to my father ? retainer he have hole up in the donjon with the few remain enemy soldier . kurogane I suppose he will commit harakiri . he casually toss aside the rifle he have be hold . interior - third castle - donjon - top floor - day hidetora , who have be gaze into space , bare he stomach prepare for harakiri and reach at he waistband for he dagger - but it be go . startle , he hastily look around . interior - third castle - donjon - below stair - day naganuma , shirane , and other be force by the onslaught of arrow to crouch on the stair . smoke be already rise here , too ; smoke blow up from below be suck into the donjon stairwell . we hear a scream : voice this be the end ! the iron battlement door open on the right and leave , and four retainer come tumble out . retainer my lord , farewell ! Goodbye , my lord ! they stab each other . interior - third castle - donjon - top floor - day hidetora be look for he dagger as desperately as a hunt animal . a honorable death by harakiri mean a lot to he . should he e defeat by a nameless soldier , the shame would be intolerable . 108 109 110 111 112 113 114 50 . exterior - third castle - keep - day jiro , kurogane , and they man run over . smoke pour from the donjon window above , and tongue of flame lick at the wooden wall of the lower storey . from the entrance emerge naganuma , shirane , and several samurai who be run away . jiro stop , look away . from the donjon entrance come hidetora , trail smoke , which wrap around he . his white hair be bristle , and he be staggering as if tread on air , stare vacantly into space . jiro and all the other pull back from the mad hidetora to let he pass . exterior - third castle - empty moat - day the moat be fill with layer of body , some still move . exterior - third castle - passage - day the mad hidetora go staggering down the slope . samurai and foot soldier slide away to open up he path but cannot avert they eye from he . exterior - third castle - burned tower - day Black , burn body be smolder . exterior - third castle - square - day the madman hidetora walk . enemy soldier scramble away and hug the stone wall , let he pass . exterior - third castle - moat - day the moat be fill with corpse instead of water . exterior - third castle - front gate - day the mad hidetora come out staggering . Soldiers make way for he , watch he . the rank break , and jiro appear . follow jiro be kurogane , shirane , naganuma , ikoma , and ogura . 115 116 117 118 119 51 . jiro gaze at hidetora from behind , then spontaneously run after he . kurogane my lord ! jiro stop as if nail to the ground and stand there watch he father walk away . kurogane ( cont ’d ) the die be cast . do not hesitate . this road you be take be a way of no return . once you step out on it , against you conscience , you must keep go straight without hesitation . the road will lead to the headship of the House of ichimonji . you have no choice . exterior - third castle - donjon - day it spew fire . interior - third castle - donjon - top floor - day hidetora 's armor and helmet and the ichimonji standard amid the hellfire . exterior - field - day tango come racing up on he horse . sitting in back of he , cling to tango , be kyoami . the horse be run toward the black smoke belching from a valley in the far foothills . a blast of wind . exterior - dark sky - day Black cloud descend like swoop dragon . then they break into a thousand shred that race and fly . rain and lightning strike the earth . exterior - field - day tango racing he horse through the typhoon wind , thunder , and rain . kyoami be cling to he waist . 120 52 . exterior - wilderness - STORM - day the very wilderness of insanity . a small shadow wander in the mad gale , in the downpour , among the thunderclaps and the lightning bolt . tango , who have race over on horseback , look at the shadow . tango who be that ? kyoami strain he eye and look , then move up and down on the horse in a frenzy . kyoami be I dream ? oh , Heaven forbid ! tango the great Lord ! he turn he horse 's head , racing after hidetora at full gallop . hidetora 's white hair and beard , dishevel in the wind and drench by the rain , be stick to he face . his flutter garment be likewise wrap around he body . he stand up sharply like a demon god , scowling all around he . tango and kyoami , who have gallop up and jump off they horse in front of he , be roote to the ground with fright at he extraordinary appearance . hidetora scream at the raging plain . hidetora I be a messenger from Heaven ! this be Heaven 's war ! smash the rebel that turn against Heaven ! forward , man , forward ! tango run up to he . tango great Lord ! have you go mad ? kyoami ( start dance ) go mad ! go mad ! in this mad world it be the sane who be mad ! hidetora forward ! forward ! I be the sun ! 53. kyoami the great Lord be great indeed ! tango what do you mean ? kyoami if you be go to go mad , it be better to think you be the sun than to think you be a worm . tango be silent . hidetora forward , man ! have no mercy ! this be Heaven 's punishment ! kyoami be dance himself into a frenzy . kyoami bravo ! bravo ! Men be beast ! kill they all and the world will be paradise ! hidetora suddenly become quiet and still , gaze intently on some point in the distance . kyoami put he hand in front of hidetora 's eye and move it up and down but , fail at one point , suddenly straighten . hidetora you have come , you have come out with you hatred for hidetora ! come on , I will give you a taste of destruction ! he be unarm , but he grab a invisible sword and take a fight stance . see this , kyoami sing a parody of a verse from the noh play funa-benket . kyoami ( sing ) how strange ! on withere field I see a entire clan destroy by my hand , each one of they float up before I . hidetora run madly about , back and forth , leave and right , wave he fist . Fighting the ghost of he enemy who be appear in front of he , hidetora display a expression and bear that be the extreme of madness . 54 . tango be , of course , amaze . but even kyoami want to shield he eye as he watch , unable to move . hidetora , mad , reach the limit of he strength and collapse . tango , after a moment , pull himself together and run over . tango great Lord ! he shake hidetora as if cling to he . tango ( cont 'd ) great Lord ! come to you sense ! hidetora open he eye , and , look for a moment at tango , who be watch he , he stand . hidetora be it you , tango ? tango ( his face light up ) yes , my lord ! hidetora ( look around ) where be I ? it be cold . he be shiver in the violent wind , the rain slant across he . tango kyoami , rejoice ! we lord have regain he sense ! kyoami that be worse . if he be still mad , he would be spare the memory of what have happen to he . the wind and rain rage violently . hidetora ( in a sudden groan voice ) tango , hear I ! I , hidetora , be attack by taro and jiro ! tango be dumbfounded . hidetora ( cont ’d ) ikoma , too , betrayed I . 121 55 . tango be shocked . hidetora ( cont ’d ) and then I be so easily defeat . now you may laugh at I , laugh at my stupidity ! because of my stupidity , my retainer be dead ! the rain strike hidetora 's face , and the wind lift he hair . he shout . the wind and rain be fiercer than ever . hidetora ( cont 'd ) this be they tear ! they weep voice ! exterior - valley - dusk Autumn have come early to the mountain , and in this valley the autumn flower mow down by the storm be scattered about . there be something tragic about the scene , as if a resplendent dress have be discard . tango and kyoami go along the narrow road through the plain , with hidetora on the horse . at the end of the narrow road stand a miserable straw hut , look as if it be embrace by the mountain . smoke from the hearth be quietly rise . hidetora lie on the horse 's back , he face , eye stare vacantly , helplessly sway . tango stop the horse in front of the straw hut and call inside the house . tango anybody home ? from inside the house , a delicate voice be hear . voice who be it ? tango traveler who have meet hardship in today 's storm . please let we stay a night . voice my house be too poor to put anyone up ... 56 . tango we be not ask for anything special . voice because of personal reason , I do not want to come in contact with anyone . tango why ? be it a disease ? voice no. tango then please let we in . voice I be sorry . I cannot ... tango ( irritate ) listen , the great Lord of the House of ichimonji be here ! there be no answer , and the house become completely quiet . tango ( cont 'd ) we be come in . then , together with kyoami , he carry hidetora off the horse , open the door , and go into the straw hut . 122 interior - straw hut - dusk a small earthen floor ; in the corner of it , a simple washstand . on the other side of the earthen floor , a small room with a mat laid out . it look as if it might serve as both sit room and sleep room . it be already dark inside the hut . in the center of the wooden floor , sit by the little hearth , a figure with long hair in the style of temple acolyte can be see in the dim light of the fire . tango Excuse we for come in with we shoe on , but we lord be suddenly take ill ... he step up on the wooden floor and , together with kyoami , carry hidetora over to the hearth and , lay he there , address the occupant of the house , seemingly a woman . 57 . tango ( cont 'd ) ( look at the occupant ) he be wet . do you have something to cover he with ? the occupant stay seat and do not move . tango ( cont 'd ) answer I , woman ! occupant be you talk to I ? tango yes . the occupant of the house silently rise and go to a corner of the room . tango and kyoami watch the person suspiciously . the occupant , see from behind in the dim light , appear to be look for something . the occupant rise and come over , silently hand something over . tango receive it - it be fold clothing . he open it , put it on hidetora , and stare in surprise . it be a beautiful robe with a colorful design , out of keep with the humble hut . tango and kyoami be amaze and curious as they look at it . tango ( cont 'd ) speak up ... woman ! occupant I be not a woman . tango what ? it be so dark , I ... bring I a lamp . tango reach for a stick of light firewood in order to take a good look at he , and notice a cane lean by the side of the hearth . tango ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . be you eyesight poor ? he hold up the stick of firewood . the occupant of the house be illuminate in the light from the burn stick . it be the face of a blind but handsome youth . kyoami pull back with a start and look at tango . 58 . tango ( shock , gaze at the youth ) be you Lady sué 's young brother ... master tsurumaru ? tsurumaru yes . hidetora sit up , turn he eye , and stare at the youth . then , he voice tremble , he mutter with a frighten voice . hidetora tsu ... tsurumaru ? tsurumaru it have be a long time ... Lord hidetora . hidetora do you remember I ? tsurumaru how could I forget you ? I be just a child , but how could I forget the one who gouge out my eye in exchange for spare my life ... the day you burn down my father 's castle ? hidetora be tremble . tsurumaru ( cont 'd ) I try hard to follow my sister 's teaching , to pray to the buddha and rid myself of hatred . but not one day have I fail to remember , and not one night have I be able to forget and to sleep peacefully . hidetora , naturally , and tango and kyoami also stare at the blind boy , speechless . tsurumaru ( cont 'd ) well , then , I be terribly sorry that I cannot give you a decent welcome , great Lord . however ... fortunately I have a flute that my sister send to I . I learn to play it when I be a child . I will play it for you and give you , if nothing else , some hospitality of the heart . 123 124 125 126 59 . the boy take a flute from the brocade bag beside he . tsurumaru ( cont 'd ) now it be my only pleasure . please listen , and laugh , if you will , at my clumsy art . seat before hidetora , tango and kyoami , tsurumaru play . the clear sound of the flute express tsurumaru 's deep sorrow and lament . it move hidetora . the old lord stagger to he foot . he clutches at he chest like a man shot with a arrow . his face twitching , stare at tsurumaru with start eye , he step back . with tremble lip he try to say something , but he voice fail he . he open he mouth wide and let out a scream that be not a voice , then stagger down to the earthen floor , quickly push at the door , and tumble outside . tango my lord ! he run after hidetora . kyoami follow . exterior - straw hut - night hidetora stagger over the field scattered with autumn flower in the moonlight , as if run from something fearful . exterior - sky - night the crescent moon . exterior - sky - day impressive thunderheadlike cloud . interior - first castle - donjon - top floor - day a topknot on a piece of white paper place on the polished wooden floor . jiro my dear sister - in -law , this be the hair of my decease brother . Lady kaede be in the seat of honor , with jiro in front of she . line up behind she be the chief retainer in armor . 60 . jiro ( cont 'd ) it be my accurse turn of fortune to have to be the one to inform you of the death in battle of my elder brother . kaede stare piercingly at jiro . kaede ( to ogura beside jiro ) ogura ... where be the remain of my lord ? ogura look at jiro as if ask for help . jiro in this sweltering heat ... the corpse be so unsightly that we have to refrain from place it on view . we have no choice but to cremate it at the third Castle and hold a informal funeral at a nearby temple . kaede ogura ... where be the armor and helmet he be wear ? ogura seem to shrink . jiro that be sarcasm , I think . this armor and this helmet I be wear now be the one he be wear . you have not forget , have you ? kaede I have not forget . but I never think you could wear he armor and helmet so soon after he death . it be too much for I to notice . jiro I be surprised at you . I think my decease brother would be happy to know that he young brother return to the castle in he armor . no , it be foolish of I . forgive I . ( bow to she , rise ) I be take off this armor . somebody , help I . 126a 127 61 . a attendant run over and start take off he armor . taro 's retainer become intently still at this . jiro ( cont 'd ) sister-in-law ... I be about to be naked . kaede quietly rise and go out . exterior - sky - day impressive cloud soar . interior - first castle - donjon - top floor - day jiro be seat in the master 's seat , he back to the alcove . kurogane , shirane , and naganuma be beside he . ikoma and ogura , dress in casual attire , be seat face jiro . kurogane ( to ikoma and ogura ) you have work hard for we on this occasion of the ichimonji family trouble . we appreciate it . ikoma and ogura bow . kurogane ( cont ’d ) as a token of we thanks , we have prepare a humble gift for you . two low wooden stand , each with a pile of gold coin , be place in front of ikoma and ogura . kurogane ( cont ’d ) please accept it . ikoma and ogura bow deeply to jiro . jiro ( nod ) it be my farewell gift for you . ( pause ) Goodbye . ikoma and ogura look at he in amazement . kurogane Lord jiro be now the head of the House of ichimonji . ( more ) 62 . kurogane ( cont 'd ) consider he situation and what you do to you master this time , he think it be not very wise to keep you , who commit treason , on he staff . it would be dangerous . his concern be understandable . we have nothing further to say . ( pause ) let there be no hard feeling . ikoma and ogura look at each other and start to say something . kurogane ( cont ’d ) ( interrupt ) do you understand ? good . thank you . ikoma and ogura be helpless . voice ( from downstairs ) I beg to speak . Lady kaede be enter . kurogane look at jiro , he eye imply '' watch out ! '' jiro nod readily . kurogane ( Calling downstairs ) send she in . ( to jiro ) let we withdraw . ( rise ) shirane and naganuma also rise and follow kurogane , carry the money - laden stand . ikoma and ogura be too shocked to stand . Lady kaede be come up the stair . see she , ogura jump to he foot , hurriedly follow shirane and naganuma , as if flee , and descend the stair . ikoma , too , have no other course than to follow they . Lady kaede sit in front of jiro , place taro 's helmet at she side , and bow with both hand on the floor . kaede congratulation on you victory . jiro sister-in-law ... you overwhelm I . 63 . kaede I be ashamed of the wretch thing I say before . jiro it do not matter . kaede I understand you father have go mad . jiro I suppose you be satisfied . kaede now , what night that mean ? jiro sister - in -law , I speak bluntly , hide nothing in my mind . forgive I if I have offended you . but one would expect you to bear a intense hatred for my father , as the enemy of you family . be I wrong ? kaede ( look into he eye ) then let I talk frankly , too , Lord jiro . I dare say you be also satisfied . jiro 's eye return she stare . kaede ( cont 'd ) ( look at he , not to be stare down ) Lord jiro , you be now head of the House of ichimonji . this helmet , too , belong to you . she slide the helmet at she side toward jiro . his eye stray for a instant to the helmet . at this unguard moment , Lady kaede suddenly jump on he and push he down . she unsheathes he sword and bend over he , hold it to he throat . kaede ( cont 'd ) Lord jiro ! you have drive you father insane and murder you brother , and steal this realm - splendid work ! but I , kaede , will not forgive you ! foe of my husband , prepare to die ! 64 . her voice be low and thick . her expression of rage be even more dreadful because of she beauty . jiro be unable to move , the sword hold to the base of he throat . jiro no ... kaede to say that in this situation , how cowardly you be ! she cut he skin with the tip of the sword . the blood ooze out . jiro ( deathly pale ) it ... be not I ... who ... kill my brother ! kaede then who be it ? jiro refuse to say . kaede ( cont 'd ) tell I ! who be it ? she again jab the skin at he throat . blood ooze out . jiro it ... be not I ! kurogane ... kurogane shot he ! kaede hold you tongue ! you mean you order you retainer to do it but cannot take the responsibility ? what a general ! she suddenly start laugh and raise herself off he , then grab the long sword at jiro 's side and leap back . jiro , too , jump up , press he hand to he throat . kaede , hold the dagger in one hand and the long sword in the other , be laugh . jiro stare at she with he hand to he throat . when she finally stop laugh , she gaze at he with a faint smile . kaede ( cont 'd ) you give in so easily . you be undependable . now I must speak my mind straightforwardly , Lord jiro . I could not care less about my husband 's death . 128 65 . jiro be puzzle . kaede ( cont 'd ) but I be worried about what be go to become of I . I do not want to live as a widow , with my hair cut , nor as a nun with my head shave bald ! this be my father 's castle , and I do not want to be force to leave it ! jiro be overwhelm by the strength in she voice and expression . kaede ( cont 'd ) Lord jiro . please hear my request . I will not tell anything ... you immoral act of treason , steal this castle and this realm ... nor will my lip ever repeat the cowardly word so unworthy of a master , accuse he vassal in order to save he own life . if I tell anyone , this realm would be tear apart . no , I will not ... she cast aside the long sword and with the same hand grab she long dress and draw it toward she . then she cut it to shred with she dagger . kaede ( cont 'd ) but remember , I could destroy it like this ! what do you say , Lord jiro ? jiro gaze at she , aghast , tremble . Lady kaede , throw she dagger away , jump on he , embrace he , kiss he . they stagger ; he foot be catch in the hem of she long dress . they fall , they mouth together . when she pull she lip away form he , she press they against the wound in he throat and suck he blood . the midsummer sun clearly illuminate the scene . from under she ruin dress she white leg be see ; a toe kick at taro 's helmet . the orb design on the plume catch a direct ray of sunlight and gleam . exterior - outside first castle - day ikoma and ogura on horseback come side by side , depressed . they stop and look up at the castle regretfully . 129 130 131 132 66 . exterior - castle gate - tower - day kurogane , shirane , and naganuma be watch ikoma and ogura leave . kurogane level he gun and fire . exterior - outside first castle - day bullet hit the ground under ikoma 's and ogura 's horse . Dust rise . ikoma and ogura , shocked , hastily whip they horse and gallop away . exterior - castle gate - day kurogane , shirane , and naganuma be watch the two flee . they burst into laughter . interior - first castle - donjon - top floor - day thrown aside be the dagger , the long sword , and taro 's helmet on the floor . jiro be adjust he clothes . he comb he dishevel hair with he finger , sit down , breathe heavily , and look out the window , turn away from kaede . kaede be lie with she hair still undone , she clothes disorder . summer sunlight illuminate the two of they . the cloud mass in a peak , see in section through the window . noisy voice of cicadas . kaede ( in a soft voice ) my lord ... jiro cast a explore look at kaede . she be silent , the back of she dishevel figure still turn to he . jiro what be it , sister - in - law ? kaede how cold you be ! Calling I sister - in - law after what we have just do . jiro be silent . kaede ( cont 'd ) now that we have do this , I should be you wife . 67 . in she expression , unseen by jiro , be a snakelike tenacity that she voice completely bely . jiro look at she from behind and sigh . jiro but I already have sué as my wife . a tiny moth flutter its wing before she downcast eye . she quietly stretch out the hand she have place under she chin and casually crush it . kaede then ... be I to be ... you mistress ? ( in tear ) no , no ... you be mine . I will not let anyone else have you . jiro edge toward she and place he hand on she shoulder . jiro do not cry , kaede . I would never dream of make you a mistress . kaede but as long as the Lady sué be there ... jiro I can take care of she . kaede how ? jiro I will divorce she . kaede no ! no ! she spring up and grab he by the chest . kaede ( cont 'd ) the way thing have turn out , I can not forgive any woman who have know you touch . I do not want such a woman to live at the same time as I . jiro wince . she hold he in she arm and look directly into he eye . 133 134 135 68. exterior - remains of azusa castle - day the burn and crumble remain of the castle . all that be leave be the soar rampart , the ruin rampart , a mountain of lumber burn black . in the passage , overgrown with summer grass , a single horse stand tie to a burn pillar . beside it , where the burn lumber lie in pile , there be flagstone and stone step go down in the ground . smoke rise from below . interior - remains of castle - underground storeroom - day it look as if it use to be a armory ; the only trace of that past be in the construction of the wall , and the only thing leave be the stone flooring . Three bed of grass have be build alongside the wall . in the center of the stone floor be tango ; he have be place a pot on the stone stove and lighting a fire , and now he rise and go outside . exterior - remains of castle - day tango come out from the underground storeroom and look around . what use to be the samurai runway be now a mere ramp with grass . hidetora and kyoami be there . tango approach the old lord , bow on he knee , try to say something to he , but stop and be silent . hidetora have completely change : he eye be sink ; he wrinkle be deeppen ; he dishevel white hair and beard stand on end . he be sit in the deep grass , gaze vacantly . kyoami , who have be lean against the stone wall , weaving grass , present the strangely shape hat he have woven to the dispirite hidetora . kyoami you helmet , my lord . hidetora accept it and joyfully put it on . tango look at it , depressed . kyoami break off two lily at he side and stick they in hidetora 's hat . kyoami ( cont 'd ) this be you plow - shape plume , my lord . this be even better . hidetora smile joyfully under he helmet of flower and grass . tango suddenly rise and go away . then he crouch with he back to kyoami . his shoulder be shaking furiously - he seem to be cry . 136 137 137a 69 . kyoami ( cont 'd ) ( Voice -over ) be I in Hell ? tango turn around to look . kyoami be gaze intensely in one direction . kyoami ( cont 'd ) here come a devil ! tango follow kyoami 's gaze . two horseman , ikoma and ogura , be gallop near the ruin castle . when tango recognize they , he run to he horse , jump on , and race to the rear of the castle ruin along the ruin passage . exterior - summer field - day tango come racing by on horseback . exterior - remains of azusa castle - rear - day ikoma and ogura gallop . suddenly surprised by tango , who have jump out and be block they way , they pull up they mount . tango ( draw he sword ) traitors ! you come at a good time ! I will punish you with death for the great Lord ! ikoma ( flinch a moment ) wait ! wait ! let I explain . tango no excuse ! I know the truth . the great Lord tell I what you do to he . ogura look away , react . ikoma follow he gaze . exterior - remains of azusa castle - stone wall - day ikoma , who have be watch hidetora , suddenly turn he horse and gallop away . ogura be a moment too late to flee . tango gallop in , swing he sword at ogura , and kill he with a single stroke . then he chase ikoma . 138 139 140 141 142 70 . exterior - remains of azusa castle - stone wall - day at the foot of hidetora , who be stand on the stone wall , kyoami have be watch the kill , he hand above he eye ; then he jump up and dance . exterior - summer field - day tango chase ikoma and slashes at he . ikoma fall , fatally wounded . tango die , traitor ! you drive we great Lord mad ! ikoma ( sneer , on the verge of death ) his life be spare because he go mad . jiro murder he brother . he will kill he father next . if the great Lord should recover he sanity , he would be kill , too ... ( spit blood , die ) tango turn he horse around and go back . remains of azusa castle - passage - day kyoami be run and dance . exterior - remains of castle - rear - day exterior - remains of castle - passage day kyoami greet tango , who have come back , dance in joy . tango shout at kyoami , he face flushed and drip with sweat from he fight . tango kyoami , taro be kill by jiro . we must take the great Lord to master saburo without delay , or he will be in danger . kyoami we be still here because we cannot do that . that madman be beyond we control . ( more ) 71 . kyoami ( cont 'd ) he strongly resist whenever I tell he to go to master saburo . even if I lie to he in order to take he away , he struggle to stay . no wonder . he think he cannot face master saburo after what he do to he . he become sane when he think of master saburo . wearing a grass helmet with a lily as its frontal ornament , hidetora be happily pick flower as if he be a child . tango cross to he . tango my lord , this be not a decent place for you . let we move somewhere else . kyoami bring the horse . hidetora flinch , frighten , stagger back , then run into the underground storeroom . 143 underground storeroom - day tango and kyoami run after hidetora . tango what a pity ! my lord , what do you think of master saburo ? hidetora be crouching in the dusky corner , eye gleam in fear . tango ( cont 'd ) kyoami . I must bring master saburo here . he may be the only one who can get he out of here . I be go to master saburo . I will return immediately with he and he soldier to take the great Lord back ! take care of we lord ! kyoami yes , sir ! tango withdraw . 144 interior - first castle - donjon - top floor - day jiro and kurogane . 72. kurogane my lord ! Lady kaede have make a fool of you ! jiro be embarrassed . kurogane ( cont ’d ) if you plan to become man and wife with she , fine . but for Lady sué to be kill for that ! it be right to kill someone when you must . but kill someone unnecessarily ! I be afraid I must decline such a preposterous command ! jiro , with nothing to say , keep gaze out the window . Lady kaede , in mourn , rosary in hand , come up the stair . kurogane bow . kaede kurogane . there be salt at the second Castle , be there not ? kurogane yes , there be . why ? kaede I mean if you bring she head back without preserve it in salt , in this heat , we shall have to refrain from look at it . kurogane be shocked . kaede ( cont 'd ) that be too merciless a thing to do to such a beautiful lady . since you be go personally , kurogane , I know there will be no error . I leave the matter to you . do as you see fit . kurogane yes , my lady . jiro quietly watch Lady kaede . 145 interior - remains of azusa castle - underground storeroom - day hidetora be asleep . kyoami , beside he , examine the old man 's haggard face . 146 73. kyoami why be I still serve such a crazy old man ? if the rock upon which you be seat start to roll down a slope , you must jump off . otherwise you will be crush together with the rock . only fool remain on a fall rock . he stand and start for the exit . hidetora where be I ? kyoami look back at he and sigh . kyoami this be Heaven . ( returns to hidetora , help he lie down again ) be a good boy . go to sleep . ( sit beside he ) amazing ! I think it have be my work since I be a child to rock he to sleep ! fade out fade in interior - first castle - donjon - top floor - day the ichimonji standard ; taro 's armor and he helmet with its orb plume and color braid display on the alcove . jiro and Lady kaede be make love , in the daytime , in front of the display . all the more appeal be that she be in mourn clothes . a voice be hear from below the stair . voice General kurogane be here ! jiro and Lady kaede be alarmed . they quickly straighten they clothes . jiro let he in . kurogane come up the stair , hold in he hand a package wrap in white figure silk . he lay it by he knee and prostrate himself before jiro and Lady kaede . 74 . kurogane I have return , my lord . jiro can not take he eye away from the package wrap in silk by kurogane 's knee , and be silent . Lady kaede , merely glance at it , answer for jiro . kaede thank you for you trouble . kurogane not at all , my lady . now then , the article I have bring accord to you precise instruction ... please have a good look . he take the package and present it to kaede . jiro , tremble , look at it , then turn he eye to kurogane with a look of censure . kurogane , with a look of feign innocence , be watch Lady kaede . kaede ( look at jiro from the corner of she eye ) well , then , I shall first examine it . she pull the package of white silk to she with a casual air that contrast with jiro 's tremble face . jiro turn he eye away . kaede unwrap the many layer of the package . as it be unwrapped , salt fall out , then finally a large lump of salt appear . kaede 's long , beautiful finger brush away the salt . all of a sudden she turn white . kaede ( cont 'd ) what be this ? kurogane , you joke have go too far ! kurogane you do not like it ? do I overlook something ? kaede how dare you ? she thrust the package aside . the lump of salt break open and fall away , and a stone fox 's head roll out . jiro stare at it in mute amazement , then quickly look at kurogane . 75 . kurogane what be this ? Lady sué , whom I kill , must have be a fox in disguise . I have be trick ! kaede you have joke enough ! this be from a fox statue from a inari shrine ! kurogane well , this be a crafty fox ... after disguise itself as a human , it then turn to stone ! kaede kurogane ! do you intend to make a fool of I ? kurogane not at all ! there be a lot of fox around here , and it be say that they often trick man . ( to jiro ) you , too , my lord , must be careful . fox often take the form of a woman in order to work they evil deed ... Far away , in Central Asia , a fox , which disguise itself as the wife of King Pan tsu , make the king kill a thousand man , and later in China , during the chou dynasty , there be one who become the queen consort of King yu and destroy he country . here in Japan , the fox serve at court as princess tamamo and work even more treachery . it be say that she finally turn into a white fox with nine tail . after that there be no trace of the white fox . it be possible it might have settle down around here . be careful , my lord , be careful . Excuse I ! kurogane rattles off he entire swift speech in one breath without stop , then bow and exit . kaede and jiro be leave defeat . kaede ( glare at jiro ) Lord jiro ! be this how you respond to my request ? how can you conspire with kurogane to fool I like this ? 76 . jiro no , kaede ! you be wrong ! kaede I have have enough ! she rise and cross to the stair , follow by jiro . jiro wait ! kaede . this be kurogane 's ... kaede it be always kurogane ! be he you only retainer ? he have already act the villain , kill Lord taro . now he have play hero , save Lady sué . he be a monster . and you call he you right arm . what a pity ! jiro be silent . kaede ( cont 'd ) I shall not see you again until I see Lady sué 's head ! she descend the stair . jiro be immobile at the top of the stair , straight as a stick . 147-148 omitted 149 exterior - azusa field - hill - day Lady sué , tsurumaru , and the old woman be hurry . the old woman be in the lead guide the other , carry bundle . sué be hold tsurumaru 's hand . the blind boy have a cane . tsurumaru ( suddenly stop ) sister ! my flute ! sue forget it . we have no time to spare for a flute . we must hurry . tsurumaru but I have treasure it since I be a child . sue what shall we do ? 77 . old woman you must hurry because , as kurogane say , we will have someone after we very soon . I will return and get the flute . will you wait at the remain of the castle ? sue but you be old . I will go back for it . old woman no , my lady . you want to see the remain of you family 's castle , so we be take this detour . hurry there with master tsurumaru , and pray for you ruin family . once in another domain , you will never be able to visit it again . sué be silent , fill with emotion . old woman ( cont 'd ) well , then ... she hand the bundle to sué and trudge back along the trail . sué and tsurumaru be leave alone . the sound of the wind whining through the tree . sué shudder as if frighten . sue tsurumaru , let we hurry . they hasten on they way , hand in hand , up the hill . sue ( cont ’d ) tsurumaru ! I can see we castle ! I mean the remain of the castle ! tsurumaru which way , sister ? sue over there ... she suddenly realize she should not have say this and gaze at she blind brother in remorse and sorrow , speechless . the remain of azusa Castle be in the distance . 150-151 omitted 152 78. exterior - remains of azusa castle - passage - day hidetora and kyoami be amble along . hidetora be wander this way and that , kyoami follow as if he be a nurse take care of a child . when hidetora near the stone wall , kyoami pull he back to safety . when hidetora crouch , kyoami stop and patiently wait on he . his attitude be kind , but he word be rough , as if he be master and hidetora he servant . the passage they be tread be bleak and devastate . the two look as if they be the only survivor of the world 's final carnage . and they conversation , too , sound as if they be in some other world , mutter about human being and they stupidity . kyoami Heaven and earth have turn upside down . I be mad and make he laugh before . but now he be mad and make I laugh . come , do not be silent . say something . you speak of nonsense ; I speak of truth . let we see if we conversation can continue smoothly . now ! ( shout ) Old man ! hidetora , who have be gaze absently at a point in space , react and regards kyoami . hidetora where be I ? kyoami a snake 's egg be white and beautiful . a bird 's egg be spot and dirty . hidetora this be a castle . there be a stone wall . kyoami the little bird desert the dirty egg and sit on the white one . hidetora ( look up at the wall ) strange . kyoami a snake emerge from the hatched egg . 153 79 . hidetora there be nothing on the wall . kyoami the bird raise the snake , only to fall prey to it . hidetora where be I ? who be I ? kyoami the bird be stupid . hidetora saburo ! saburo ! kyoami look hopefully at hidetora . hidetora ( cont ’d ) oh , it hurt . I be go mad ! kyoami if a madman go mad again , will he become sane ? hidetora I be a worm ! do not crush I ! kyoami you will not be crush . miserable worm be not even worth be crush . hidetora who be you ? kyoami , in despair , push hidetora away , crouch , and start cry . hidetora ( cont ’d ) be someone cry ?... who be cry ? kyoami suddenly spring up and shout . kyoami all human being cry when they be bear . they die after they have cry enough . horrify , hidetora run away . kyoami , too , run after he . omitted 154 155 156 80 . exterior - boundary - river bank - day saburo and tango , both in armor , ride across the river lead a troop . jiro 's garrison , guard the boundary , hurriedly retreat . omitted interior - first castle - donjon - day a messenger rush in and kneel in front of jiro , kurogane , naganuma , and shirane . messenger Lord saburo and he man cross the boundary river and have take a position on hachiman field . kurogane I fail to understand . Lord saburo bring only he own man . what can they possibly do ? another messenger come run . messenger a message from Lord saburo ! jiro what ? what do it say ? messenger '' saburo have come to receive he father ... '' jiro look puzzle . messenger ( cont ’d ) '' , .. unless he be interfered with , he will withdraw , take he father with he in peace . '' that be he message . surprise , not expect this message , they look at each other . yet another messenger rush in and kneel in front of jiro and he confidant . messenger ( cont ’d ) fujimaki 's army have advanced to the boundary ! 157 158 81 . jiro what ! exterior - hachiman field - day saburo 's well - train and discipline soldier be wait calmly . they banner and banneret be azure , wave in the summer breeze . saburo , tango , and hatakeyama be look up at the mountain ridge behind they . the ridge be line with wave of fujimaki 's soldier and they white banner . saburo that embarrass I . I tell he repeatedly that I do not need he support . tango you do not have to be embarrassed . thanks to Lord fujimaki 's demonstration of he possible invasion , the enemy on this hachiman field can not make a aggressive move . it also enable we to rescue the great Lord from azusa field . saburo but this aggressive deployment of he army be not a peaceful way . one wrong move might provoke a war . that embarrass I . exterior - boundary river - day fujimaki , with he army behind he , turn to a old general beside he . fujimaki be I too hasty ? the general return a question look . fujimaki ( cont 'd ) I be so worried that I bring my army , but I be afraid my son- in - law will be angry with I . 159 160 82. general as long as you stay here within the boundary , he have no reason to be angry with you . interior - first castle - day messenger be gallop this way and that . messenger prepare for war ! suddenly the castle be throw into a turmoil . interior - first csatle - donjon - day jiro , kurogane , shirane , and naganuma . kurogane my lord . you should not fight now . send a messenger that you will let Lord saburo have the great Lord , and avoid this war ! jiro how can I let he have my father ? if I do , saburo , in alliance with he , would soon raise he banner against I , use the excuse that he would punish my man for treason . kurogane but even if we want to give up the great Lord , we do not know where he be . jiro be silent . kurogane ( cont ’d ) at present , the people of we land be in confusion and distress because of this series of change in rulership . and fujimaki and ayabe be seek a chance to invade by make use of the confusion . now be the time for defense , not offense . voice report ! a message from the Lady kaede to the Lord jiro ! 161 162-163 164 83. jiro look puzzle . voice ( cont 'd ) she say she be expect the immediate return of the Lord jiro for the ceremony of congratulation for go to war . jiro steal a embarrassed glance at kurogane . exterior - hachiman field - day saburo 's position with azure banner and banneret . Beyond be a few mount scout with red banneret that indicate they belong to jiro . they gallop up and down as they observe saburo 's position . tango all right . the enemy main force will come soon . when they come , we will go through the forest and rescue the great Lord . saburo do not be hasty . omitted interior - first castle - donjon - day kaede put the saké server on the floor . kaede how stupid ! jiro , at the ceremony of congratulation , be about to drink ; he stop and look at she . kaede ( cont 'd ) give the great Lord to Lord saburo mean give he you own head , my lord . jiro I say so , too . kaede then why do you alter you opinion ? do kurogane change you mind again ? 165 166 jiro but ... it be not a good time for we to fight . kaede good leadership decide who win . now you lead . why be afraid of fujimaki and ayabe ? this be you chance to beat they and make they domain yours . as leader of the House of ichimonji , you should have that ambition . jiro be overwhelm by she eloquence . kaede ( cont 'd ) in the first place , it be a grievous mistake to have spare the great Lord even though he have go mad . mercy be not necessary for a samurai . jiro but how can I kill my father when I do not know where he be ? kaede ( laugh ) Lord saburo know where he be . he would not want to take a miss man home if he have not know . jiro react . kaede ( cont 'd ) tell Lord saburo that he can have he father . watch carefully how he move , and if he go anywhere , tail he . you will find where you father be . then send assassin to he , and that will end it . 84 . she pick up the saké server and pour jiro a drink . jiro hold the cup , aghast . omitted exterior - remains of azusa castle - day hidetora and kyoami come walk along . 167 85 . hidetora ( stop , look around ) I be lose . kyoami human being be always lose . human being have walk the same way again and again from the earliest time . if you prefer not to do it , jump from this wall . hidetora suddenly jump . taken aback , kyoami look down from the top of the stone wall , then run down the meander passage as fast as he can . exterior - empty moat around stone wall - day hidetora look around , bewilder , while seat on a thick growth of vine . kyoami come run . kyoami great Lord ! ( cling to hidetora ) hidetora ( seemingly transfix ) who be that ? kyoami find trace of sanity in he face , react , and look back . Lady sué be stand on the stone wall of what be once the donjon of she father 's castle . hidetora ( cont ’d ) sué ! ( run toward the foot of the wall ) sué ! shock , Lady sué be immobile on the wall at the sight of the ruin lord . hidetora look up at she then glance around fearfully . hidetora ( cont ’d ) this be the remain of sué 's dead father 's castle , which I destroy . why be I here ? tsurumaru appear on the wall . hidetora ( cont 'd ) tsurumaru ! 168 169 169a 169b 86 . tsurumaru ( listen ) that voice be ... hidetora 's ! as he hear the voice , tsurumaru swing up he cane . his long hair almost bristle with rage , he young and handsome face seem to intensify he wrath and the tragedy he have suffer . hidetora stare at the blind boy , then stagger back , shouting , try to flee . hidetora forgive I ! forgive I ! kyoami ( surprise ; stop hidetora ) great Lord ! do not leave ! with the extraordinary strength of a desperate man , hidetora push he aside and run away . kyoami pursue . exterior - remains of azusa castle - passage - day kyoami miss hidetora in the labyrinth of passage and run to the underground storeroom . interior - remains of azusa castle - storeroom kyoami rush in . hidetora be not in sight . he run out . exterior - remains of azusa castle - front gate - stone wall - day kyoami come run and look around . hidetora be see run in azusa field as kyoami look down . kyoami hurriedly run after the old lord . exterior - hachiman field - day jiro 's army be take a position against saburo 's troops . the cavalry churn up cloud of dust , foot soldier hasten to they post make more dust . through the haze , we can see various banner and banneret on horse and soldier 's back , in flamboyant color , as well as the shine tip of spear , move quickly this way and that . out of the crowd and dust emerge a messenger on horseback , move toward saburo 's position . he dismount in front of saburo and kneel , a hand on the ground . 87 . messenger Lord jiro 's answer be this : '' we have no intention of stop you . receive the great Lord and quickly withdraw from we domain . '' saburo all right . the messenger bow , mount , and gallop away . tango Lord saburo . let we go at once to the great Lord . saburo not so fast . if we move rashly , they will find out where my father be . it would be dangerous . we have best wait until night . hatakeyama look away and raise he spear to point to the ridge . hatakeyama my lord , the ayabe army be move in he domain . saburo ( look at ridge ) have smell blood , the vulture be seek the prey ! 169c exterior - ridge in ayabe realm - day ayabe be look down at the field , he army behind he . 169d exterior - hachiman field - day jiro , kurogane , shirane , and naganuma be look up at the ayabe army on the ridge . jiro 's horse be restless , respond to its master 's feeling . kurogane ( regards jiro ) my lord , be calm . now be the time to decide the ruler of this land . you must show you immovable strength and give neither fujimaki nor ayabe any opportunity for invasion . 169e 170 171 88. jiro ( look over at saburo 's position ) he say he come to receive Father , but he be still quiet . what be he plan ? exterior - saburo 's position - day saburo be gaze at the sun in the western sky . exterior - remains of azusa castle - day Lady sué and tsurumaru . sue ( gazing at field ) she be late . even though she be old and can not walk fast , she be late . I will go back and see what happen . tsurumaru no ! ( grope for she , taker she hand ) do not go ! I do not want the flute anymore . sue be you unable to understand ? as if you be a little child ... tsurumaru sister , I do not want to be alone again . sue I will not be long . I will return soon . tsurumaru sister ! exterior - hachiman field - day jiro 's position and saburo 's face each other quietly . except for the wave of banner and banneret , there be no movement on either side . 171a 171b 89 . exterior - saburo 's position - day a messenger come gallop up , kyoami behind he on he horse . he stop in front of saburo and tango . messenger I find this man in azusa field . he be call the great Lord , so I bring he here . tango kyoami ! where be the great Lord ? kyoami ( almost fall from the horse ) forgive I ! he have go ! I do not know where he be . tango sigh , regards saburo . saburo kyoami ! you lose he in azusa field ? kyoami yes . saburo we have no choice . we can not wait until night now . ( Calling ) hatakeyama ! hatakeyama ( voice-over ) my lord . hatakeyama , the garrison leader , come gallop up . saburo tango and I will go to azusa field with ten man . take command here . draw the enemy to you position and never let it go . exterior - jiro 's position - day jiro notice the sudden move in saburo 's position . a small party be move out . jiro they have start to move . that party lead by saburo be head for azusa field ... Commander of the gunner ! take you man to azusa field and lay a ambush , the one who kill saburo will be give the high honors ! surprise , kurogane ride to jiro . kyoami what be you say ! if you break you promise to Lord saburo , war be inevitable . jiro then so be it ! kurogane be bewilder . jiro ( cont 'd ) sooner or later war become inevitable . if later , saburo will have enough reason to attack we . better to fight today , blame he for invasion , than to wait for he abuse . kurogane idiot ! saburo be not we only enemy ! jiro I know . if fujimaki and ayabe attempt to cross the border , they will be welcome . we will counterattack and break into they realm . it will be or chance to take they domain . kurogane what brave word ! but battle be not win with word . jiro why do you fear this war ? you always rebuke I for my defensive thought . where be that kurogane ? as kaede say , you be a coward in the guise of a villain ! 171¢c 171d 91 . kurogane ( glare at jiro ) you have again be influence by Lady kaede . jiro silence ! if you be loath to fight , do not follow I ! if you fear this war , desert ! kurogane ( painfully watch jiro ) my lord ... where do you think I could go if I desert you ? shirane and naganuma , behind kurogane , watch jiro in disgust . guiltily surveying they face , jiro have no further word for they . as if to forget he remorse , he turn to the commander of gunner . jiro ( shout ) Commander ! what be you wait for ? go ! commander as you command . ( to he man ) follow I ! the commander hurriedly lead he gunner away , leave a trail of dust . exterior - saburo 's position - day hatakeyama watch the opposite position , where a sudden activity have arisen . hatakeyama Messenger ! report to Lord saburo ! '' enemy gunner have depart for azusa field . be careful ! '' tell he so . exterior - jiro 's position - day jiro raise he military fan . jiro forward ! straight forward ! 171e 171f 172 92 . kurogane , shirane , and naganuma be disagreeably watch jiro . jiro 's army begin to advance . exterior - saburo 's position - day hatakeyama damn they ! they be break the agreement and try to pick we off with they gun . we will move to the forest over there . follow I ! saburo 's troops turn right in perfect formation and move to the forest that separate azusa field from hachiman field . exterior - jiro 's position - day jiro , on horseback , see this movement of saburo 's troops . jiro forward ! forward ! pursue the enemy ! turn leave , with the leave wing as a axis ! kurogane my lord . if the battle begin , they will pull back into that forest . we numerical superiority mean nothing if we fight in the forest . it be easy to defend and difficult to attack . jiro if they run into the forest , we will burn it ! exterior - fujimaki realm - on a hill - day fujimaki and the old general be watch the ichimonji realm . fujimaki my son- in - law 's troops be be pursue . I can no longer merely wait and watch . old general we realm extend to the river . you son - in - law would not blame you if you advanced to the border line . 173 174 175 176 177 93. the old general raise he whip , signal he man who be wait behind , then gallop down the hill with fujimaki . the fujimaki army follow , avalanch down the hill . exterior - hachiman field - day saburo 's troop be move to the forest , jiro 's army follow leftward . in the rear be jiro and he staff member - kurogane , shirane , and naganuma . kurogane and the other stop as they look away . kurogane my lord ! my lord ! he point with he whip . exterior - ridge - fujimaki realm - day the fujimaki army be avalanch down the slope . exterior - hachiman field - day jiro rein in he horse . the horse rear up . jiro ( glare ) what be ayabe do ? ( look up at ridge in ayabe realm ) the ayabe troop on the ridge be quiet . jiro ( cont 'd ) good . we will sweep saburo 's troop away before ayabe make a move . naganuma ! you take command of the right wing and guard the river . do not allow the enemy to cross , not even a single soldier ! go ahead ! naganuma gallop away . omitted exterior - azusa field - late afternoon this vast field be quiet . the sun be set on the ridge of the mountain . the reddish sunlight have already begin to dye the summer grass . Heaven be prepare a magnificent sunset . 177a 177b 94 . saburo and tango have stop they horse in the summer grass . they be watch they man gallop this way and that . they cast , from time to time , a worried glance at kyoami , who be cry and desperately search for hidetora . exterior - hachiman field - late afternoon saburo 's soldier , lead by hatakeyama in front of the forest , be bravely fight the surround jiro 's army . the troop , though numerically inferior to the enemy force , look invincible with the superb commander . look at the battle , jiro be irate , he eye reddene . jiro ( shout ) what be you do ? they be few in number . beat they ! crush they ! a messenger come gallop up . messenger my lord ! my lord ! the main force of ayabe have cross the boundary and be swarm to the first Castle ! jiro what ! he gaze at the messenger , startle , then turn the gaze to the ridge , where the ayabe army be still quiet . kurogane they get we ! it be a trick ! the troop on the ridge be a decoy ! jiro , shocked , turn pale . exterior - azusa field - late afternoon voice master saburo ! master saburo ! saburo react and look away . kyoami be hopping and shouting : kyoami here be the great Lord ! he be here ! saburo and tango gallop up to he . he be hold hidetora , who have be lie in the grass . saburo and tango dismount and help kyoami . hidetora look at the three with vacant eye . 95 . hidetora how cruel you be ! how could you pull I from my grave ? saburo do not you recognize I ? hidetora ( regards saburo 's helmet ) you be a demon . you have horn on you head . tango he have yet to regain he sense . let we carry he quietly . hidetora look around as if awaken from a nightmare . hidetora ( look up at sky ) oh , what a beautiful sky !... be I in Heaven ? saburo exchange glance with tango . saburo Father ! hidetora Father ? who do you mean by '' Father '' ? wait . I remember . I have three son . and you seem to be one of they . saburo yes . I be saburo . hidetora saburo ? saburo yes . hidetora it be true ! you be saburo ! how can I show my face to you ? with what word should I apologize ? if you tell I to take poison , I will gladly comply . saburo what be you say ? I do not hate you , Father . 177c 178 96 . hidetora never try to deceive I . I have have my fill of sweet , false word ! saburo gaze at he old father , tear run down he cheek . tango great Lord , look at he eye . do he look like a liar ? some speak of love without the least think of it , but none shed tear of sincerity like he without a full heart . saburo Father , let we go . you can forget you bad dream by live with I . hidetora ( burst into tear , stammer ) I wish you to forget my cruel attitude toward you . I hope you can forgive I . I be a stupid old fool ! saburo Father ! hidetora saburo ! tango and kyoami watch the father and son in each other 's arm with silent relief and emotion . exterior - ridge - ayabe realm - late afternoon the ayabe army finally begisn to move , start its invasion . as the soldier look down ... exterior - hachiman field - late afternoon jiro 's army be retreate . Soldiers , on horseback and foot , be desperately run for they life in total confusion , pale and stricken with fear . the red banneret on they back whirl and dash like the gush stream of a torrent . crazily shouting amid the confusion be jiro , kurogane , shirane , and naganuma , they face unusually ugly and fierce . but they voice be inaudible , drown in the tumult . 97 . saburo 's troops , lead by hatakeyama , be in hot pursuit of the retreate enemy , triumphant but quiet , in rank and formation , well train and discipline , in contrast to jiro 's army . hatakeyama in the lead raise he spear and rein up he horse . hatakeyama ( shout ) halt ! that be enough ! 179-182 omitted 183 exterior - azusa field - sunset saburo 's party , in single file , be crossing the field toward the fujimaki realm . saburo be in the lead , hidetora seat behind he on the same horse , tango follow , carry kyoami on he horse . they be quietly advance in the soft light of the set sun - a picturesque sight . suddenly the serenity be break by gunshot . several mount samurai fall from they horse . hidetora , hold saburo from behind , realize that he son suddenly go limp , he head droop . hidetora ( surprise ) saburo ! what be wrong , saburo ? saburo be silent . his body slowly tilt , then finally fall from he horse together with hidetora , who be cling to he . tango and kyoami , shocked , dismount and run to they . hidetora , bend over saburo , suddenly look up at tango and kyoami , seek rescue ; he shout in grief . his voice be so sad it seem he heart be break . hidetora ( cont ’d ) my son be dead !... I can still tell the live from the dead . saburo be dead ! I be alive ; you be alive ; but saburo be not ! saburo ! you must not die so soon ! I have something to tell you . I owe you a apology ! can this be fair ? saburo ! come back to life ! tango great Lord ! compose yourself ! hidetora do not approach I ! saburo be dead ! every one of you be a murderer ! every one deserve death ! tango great Lord ! great Lord ! hidetora who be you ? it be get dark . damn old fool ! I can no longer live ! I be suffocating ! someone , open my chest ! kyoami quickly loosen he clothes at the chest . hidetora ( cont ’d ) ( scream ) saburo ! ( go limp ) 98. it be the last of the great warrior who once reign supreme . kyoami cling to he . kyoami great Lord ! great Lord ! tango watch everything in deep sorrow . tango kyoami . you must not call back he soul . you must not let he wander in this hellish world any longer . tango and kyoami , as well as saburo 's man who be the corpse , silently behold the horrible sight of old warlord lie atop he lifeless son . surround death , the over track , we hear hoofbeat . a messenger come riding up . messenger we have win ! the enemy be retreate toward the first Castle ! tango ( more sorrowful than pleased ) what be this ? of all thing , master saburo be no longer with we to hear ! the great Lord be no longer here to see it ! why ? why ? kyoami suddenly rise and spit toward Heaven . 184 185 99 . kyoami ( yelling ) be there no God or buddha in this world ? damnation ! God and the buddha be nothing but mischievous urchin ! be they so bored in Heaven that they enjoy watch man die like worm ? damn God ! be it so amusing to see and hear human being cry and scream ? tango enough ! do not slander God or the buddha ! they be the one who be cry ! the evil of human being ... the stupidity of the sinful creature , who believe they survival depend on kill other , repeat again and again throughout all time ... even God or the buddha can not save we from it . kyoami burst out cry loudly . tango ( cont 'd ) do not cry ! this be nothing unusual in this mortal world . human being seek sorrow , not happiness , and prefer suffer to peace . look at the first Castle ! that stupid people be fight for sorrow and suffer , reveling in murder and bloodsh ! exterior - first castle - sunset shout , scream , destruction , and massacre . sound of carnage and turmoil fill the castle - clanking sword and spear , storming footstep , neigh horse , whistling arrow , report of gun . Soldiers charge ; cloud of dust . banner and spearhead appear and disappear in the haze . Soldiers , friend and foe , swarm toward the front gate , which be about to be close . they fight to enter the castle before the gate be close and squeeze themselves through the gap between the door . banner and banneret of ichimonji and ayabe intermingle with each other . omitted 186 187 188 189 100 . exterior - first castle - square - sunset the front gate be close . two group of soldier from both side be trap in the square between the gate . they desperately struggle and fight for they life , the slaughter go unobserve . from the tower and the fire battlement above the square , bullet shower on the soldier , kill they at random , friend and foe alike . gunfire flash in the slant sunbeam in the sunset . omitted exterior - first castle - donjon - passage - sunset jiro , kurogane , shirane , and naganuma be silently watch the confusion , uncomprehendingly . samurai and soldier be run in all direction , not know what to do . jiro and the other general have no way of quelling the confusion . from the craze mob a spirite samurai , carry something wrap under he arm , run toward jiro . samurai my lord ! my lord ! kurogane ( to samurai ) be it the Lord saburo 's head ? or the great Lord 's ? either way it be of no use now . samurai no . my lord order I to bring Lady sué 's head . astonish , kurogane wrest the wrapping from the samurai and open it . the cloth contain a beautiful floral design . exterior - tsurumaru 's hut - sunset two corpse be rest on the grass and flower of the field - the old woman and Lady sué . the young lady 's neck be cover with a bundle of wild flower which be pick by rough hand , but she slender white arm be reveal from under she tear sleeve . the hand clasp tsurumaru 's flute - a sad and cruel sight . 190 190 a 191 101 . exterior - first castle - donjon - passage - sunset kurogane look up away from the wrapping , glare fiercely at jiro . kurogane be the master of this castle you or Lady kaede ? I serve you , my lord , but not Lady kaede ! ( run to donjon ) jiro wait ! ( pursue ) exterior - first castle - castle gate - sunset Fire arrow fly . interior - first castle - donjon - lady kaede 's room - sunset despite the confusion and clamor , Lady kaede be quietly seat , ignore the woman who run about seek refuge . her lip display a cold smile , as if she be enjoy the turmoil . the door bang open , and kurogane rush in . kurogane vix ! you fool the lord ! you cause he to do useless thing , and you have now destroy the House of ichimonji ! now you should know the shallowness and stupidity of a woman 's wisdom ! kaede ( calmly ) it be not shallow or stupid . I want to see this castle burn and the House of ichimonji ruin by the long grudge of my family . I want to see all this ! kurogane to Hell with you ! he draw he sword and kill she with a single stroke . a stream of smoke come hover over the blood - drench corpse of Lady kaede . the smoke creep to jiro , too , who be stand aghast , watch the body of he treacherous woman . 192 193 102 . kurogane ( cont ’d ) ( to jiro ) there be no escape . prepare to die . I will follow you later . exterior - first castle - sunset the castle be belching fire and smoke . the ayabe soldier be cheer and dance crazily as they look up at the castle in flame . exterior - azusa field - sunset saburo 's party , reduce in number , be crossing the field in the glow of the evening . two group of soldier be carry the corpse of saburo and hidetora on cross spear . tango and kyoami as well as saburo 's guard be silently follow . saburo 's troops , lead by hatakeyama , and the fujimaki cavalry be sweeping the summer field like a black tide . they see the corpse of saburo and hidetora , and lower they spear in mourn . fujimaki alas ! of all thing ! ( discourage , he head drop , then he look up ) Men ! let we avenge my son-in - law ! follow I ! we will take the first Castle ! tango ( stop he ) that be not necessary . master saburo have no ambition . he want to avoid war . you have better withdraw you army today out of mourn for master saburo , and pray for he . fujimaki nod , raise he whip , and bisect the surround cavalry to make way for saburo 's troops . that with the body of saburo and hidetora resume they advance . twilight creep to the field , darken the figure of this human who have see hell in this world . the glow of the evening be as red as blood , slowly pale , give way to dusk . azusa field be beginning to disappear under the cloak of evening . Far beyond the field , upon the stone wall of the remain of azusa Castle , a small figure be see . 193a 193b 103 . exterior - remains of azusa castle - stone wall - sunset tsurumaru wander alone , cane in hand . his cane knock at the stone at the top of the wall , then find nothing further . surprise , he step back . the scroll fall from he hand , roll down the high wall of the donjon , open , and land on the grass in the empty moat . the picture of the amitabha , tear in place , shine golden in the last light from the darken sky . the face of the amitabha look sad as it gaze at the upper side of the wall . exterior - azusa field - sunset on top of the steep stone wall , tsurumaru be at a loss . the evening glow be now in its final stage . the last light of day will soon fade , and darkness will reign over the realm . against the background of the last glow of evening , the small figure of tsurumaru be stand alone on the lofty stone wall in the remain of the castle . wretchedness ! the end