for you consideration best original screenplay no reproduction of any portion of this script can be made without the express written consent of walt disney studio motion picture ratatouille fyc - screenplay page - guild trim : 8- 1 /2 " x 11 " Jan pinkava , ratatouille screenwriter : Brad Bird original Story by Jim capobianco , 2007 Disney / pixar Brad Bird ratatouille script signature page - guild 8 - 1/2 " x 11 " a television set -tun to a documentary . as a old fashioned World globe rotate in a sea of cloud , the eiffel tower slowly come into view over the horizon , dwarf FRANCE underneath it . t.v. narrator although each of the world 's country would like to dispute this fact , we french know the truth ; the best food in the World be make in France . the best food in France be make in Paris , and the best food in Paris , some say , be make by chef Auguste gusteau . we see image of gusteau : cooking , signing he cookbook , in front of he famous restaurant . gusteau be in he early forty , but he massive girth make he look older . t.v. narrator ( cont ’d ) gusteau 's restaurant be the toast of Paris , book five month in advance , and he dazzle ascent to the top of Fine french cuisine have make he competitor envious . he be the youngest chef ever to achieve a five star rating . chef gusteau 's cookbook '' anyone can cook ! '' have climb to the top of the best - seller list . but not everyone celebrate its success . a tall , gaunt , severe - look man with fish - belly white skin appear on the tv screen . super : anton ego -food critic '' . beneath that , in italic , be he moniker : the grim eater . ego amuse title , '' anyone can cook '' . what 's even more amusing be that gusteau actually seem to believe it . I , on the other hand , take cooking seriously and no -- I do not think '' anyone '' can do it ... title ( over black ) : the SOUND of wind rattling barren branch ... walt disney picture present a pixar film ... and we fade in to reveal : french countryside - late afternoon a light rain fall on a SMALL farmhouse . the last remain dead leave tremble in the gust . the quiet be shattered by a loud gunshot that light up the inside of the cottage . camera push down and in toward a single window . ratatouille as we move closer , we begin to hear muffle sound of struggle ; furniture be bump , dish break , a indescribable crash , follow by a old lady shriek . we be close to the window now , when it be suddenly shatter by a cookbook . instantly the action freeze . underneath its splay page , shield himself from the shard of splintering glass be , inexplicably , a rat - -remy . he 's scrawny , frighten , almost comic . it 's hard not to feel sympathetic towards the little guy . remy ( v.o . ) this be I . I think it 's apparent I need to rethink my life a little bit . what 's my problem ? first of all -- outside the farmhouse - dusk - week earlier a silhouette dart out from behind a wooden barrel , pause upright against a blood red sky . mangy , sinister , the opposite of remy . this be how most human see rat . remy ( v.o. , cont 'd ) -- I be a rat . which mean life be hard . assure the coast be clear , the sinister rat scamper out into the yard , follow by dozen more rat . the rat move across the expanse of grass toward a compost heap , which sit in the middle of a field under the darken sky . resourceful and well coordinate , the rat grab bit of decompose food and carry it off . remy be among they , drearily go through garbage . remy ( v.o. ) and secondly -- I have a highly develop sense of taste and smell . suddenly he catch a scent ; which lead he to uncover a nearly untouched piece of pastry , a discard napoleon . remy ( sniff napoleon ) flour , egg , sugar , vanilla bean , small twist of lemon ... the napoleon suddenly erupt , and out pop remy 's pudgy brother emile , cover in cream and completely oblivious to the destruction he 's wringht . emile you can smell all that ? wow . you have a gift . again the action freeze . remy ( v.o. ) this be emile . my brother . he 's easily impressed . resume action : a older rat , django , come into view . he snort dismissively , pluck a apple core from the compost . django so you can smell ingredient . so what ? remy ( v.o . ) this be my dad . he 's never impressed . he also happen to be the leader of we clan . remy catch another scent and frowns ; this new scent be different somehow , wrong . he follow the scent to django -- remy ( v.o. ) so what 's wrong with have highly develop sense ? django be about to eat the apple core when remy lunge at he , snatching the core from he hand . remy whoa whoa whoa ! don ’t eat that !! shed - minute later still hold the apple core , remy sniff the air , follow a scent to a tarp in the corner . he lift it , revealing : a can of rat poison . the other rat react . django 's impressed . remy ( v.o. ) turn out that funny smell be rat poison . suddenly dad do not think my talent be useless . I be feel pretty good about my gift . until dad give I a job -- farmhouse - compost pile - day a line of rat file past remy , hold up rotted scrap of food so that each one pass under he nose . remy ( v.o. , cont 's ) -- that 's right -- '' poison checker '' . as remy sniff with all the gusto of a lifelong dmv employee , the line shuffles forward with each '' clean '' . remy ( sniff before each one ) clean ... clean ... clean-erino ... cleaneriffic ... close to godliness -- the rat under inspection stand there , unsure as to whether or not he 's be approve . remy ( cont 'd ) -- which mean '' clean '' . you know -- '' cleanliness be ... close to -- ? " ( no response ) remy wait , expect the rat to get he joke . beat . remy ( cont 'd ) .+- never mind . move on ... the rat move on . remy roll resume he bored inspection . inside attic - late afternoon django & remy stand on a beat - up chair , overlook the rat clan as they go about they day . remy ( v.o. ) well , it make my dad proud . django now do not you feel better , remy ? you have help a noble cause . remy Noble ? we be thief , dad . and what we be steal be -- let 's face it , garbage . django it be not steal if no one want it . remy if no one want it , why be we steal it ? they continue to quarrel . it 's clear this be a old argument . remy ( v.o. ) let 's just say we have different point of view . attic - night django and emile be gobble up a assortment of rubbish , which be in fact dinner . remy watch they , appal . he look down at he own plate in disgust . remy ( v.o. , cont ’d ) this much I know : if you be what you eat , then I only want to eat the good stuff . he push the rotted food away . django react . remy ( v.o. ) but to my dad -- django food be fuel . you get picky about what you put in the tank , you engine be gonna die . now shut up and eat you garbage . remy if we be go to be thief , why not steal the good stuff in the kitchen ? where nothing be poison . django first of all ; we be not thief . secondly ; stay out of the kitchen and away from the human . it 's dangerous . outside the farmhouse - dusk remy watch the farmhouse , draw to the warm light and the sound emanate from inside . remy ( v.o. ) I know I be suppose to hate human . but there 's something about they ... farmhouse - kitchen remy carefully sneak into the kitchen . remy ( v.o. , cont 's ) ...- they do not just survive , they discover , they create . just look at what they do with food . the tv be tune to the same show we see in the open . chef gusteau be cooking , speak to the camera . remy watch . gusteau ( on t.v. ) good food be like music you can taste , color you can smell . there be excellence all around you . you need only be aware to stop and savor it . remy notice a leftover plate of fruit & cheese . he pick up a small slice of cheese and take a bite . remy ( v.0 . ) gusteau be right . each flavor be totally unique . as remy close he eye he surroundings fade to black . a amorphus colored shape appear above he head accompany by a cello bass line . remy ( v.o. , cont ’) oh , yeah . amazing . but ... combine one flavor with another -- cheese still in he mouth , remy take a bite of the strawberry . remy ( cont 'd ) - and something new be create . New colored shape and musical signature appear ; swirl and dance in harmony with the other . a light snap on , break the spell . the old lady have awaken . remy drop the food and scamper away . field - day remy follow a pleasant scent in the air . it lead he to a beautiful mushroom . remy ( v.o. ) so now I have a secret life . the only one who know about it be emile . behind the farm house - late afternoon emile be atop a full garbage can , root around under the lid . remy call up from the tall grass below . remy emile ! psst - hey , emile --! emile look up , hold the remain of a brown - bag lunch . remy ( giddy ) look ! I find a mushroom ! come on , you be good at hide food , help I find a good place to put this ! grassy field - late afternoon remy and emile walk together ; emile on all four , drag the enormous bag he grip between he tooth , while remy walk upright , carefully cradling he mushroom . remy ( v.o. ) he do not under -stand I , but I can be myself around he ... emile why be you walk like that ? remy I do not want to constantly have to wash my paw . do you ever think about how we walk on the same paw that we handle food with ? do you ever think about what we put into we mouth ?? emile all the time . remy ( he shudder ) when I eat , I do not want to taste everywhere my paw have be . emile well , okay . but if dad see you walk like that ... he 's not gonna like it . remy sniff emile 's bag . his eye light up . remy what have you get there ? he disappear into the bag , rifle through it , emerge with -- remy cheese ?? you find cheese ? and not just any cheese - tomme De chevre de pay ! that would go beautifully with my mushroom !! and ! and and and - he sniff the air , quickly find a plant nearby . he pluck it from the ground , he excitement grow by the second . remy ( cont 'd ) -- this rosemary !! with , maybe with -- he grab a paw full of grass from the ground , taste the milky base . smiling , he squeeze a few drop on the mushroom . remy ( cont 'd ) -a few drop from this sweet grass ! emile well ... throw it on the pile I guess , and we ’1ll -- remy we do not want to throw this in with the garbage ! this be special ! emile but we gotta return to the colony before sundown or dad 's gonna -- remy emile ! there be possibility unexplored here . we have gotta cook this ! now , exactly how we cook this be the real questi-- remy stop , he gaze lock on the smoking chimney atop the farmhouse roof . he grins . remy ( cont 'd ) -- ooooohh yeah . come on ! rooftop - later remy have skewer the mushroom and cheese onto part of the tv antennae , which he have bent over the smoking chimney top , hand turn it like a rotisserie . remy the key be to keep turn it , get the smoky flavor nice and even ... lightn flicker in the far distance , follow a moment later by a rumble of thunder . emile watch , concerned . emile that storm 's get closer . hey , you think that maybe we should not -- kraaak !!! a bolt of lightning hit the tv antennae -- knock both rat off the rooftop . they make a long fall , landing with a thud into a the soft dirt . miraculously , remy and emile be alive , they smoking fur stick out in a electrify frazzle . remy hold the rod up , keep the cheesy mushroom -- now transformed by lightning into a amazing , puffed out shape -- completely clean . remy ( moan ) whoaaa ... ohhh ... ( idly bite mushroom ) ... ohmmmmmnnn you gotta taste this !!! it 's get this kind of -- ( smack lip ) -- burny , melty -- it 's not really a smoky flavor , it 's a certain - - it 's kind of like a -- ( more ) 10 . remy ( cont would ) ( make a sound effect ) -- it 's get a -- ( sound effect ) -- kind of taste , do not you think ? what would you call that flavor ? emile lightn -y ? remy yeah ! it 's lightning - y ! we have gotta do that again ! okay . when the next storm come we will go up on the roof - remy 's eye suddenly go blank with a pre-emptive think . remy I know what this need ! saffron ! a little saffron would make this ! emile remy & emile saffron . why do I get the ( together ) feel -- -- it 's in the kitchen . farmhouse kitchen - minute later emile fret , look nervously at the old lady , still fast asleep in front of the tv . remy rummage through she spice . remy saffron ... saffron ... han ... emile not good . do not like it . she 's gonna wake up . remy I have be down here a million time . she turn on the cooking channel -- boom . never wake up . emile you have be here a million time ?? remy ( resume root ) I be tell ya , saffro n 's 1l be just the thing . gusteau swear by it . emile okay , who 's gusteau ? 11 . remy push aside some cookbook , revealing a well - wear copy of '' august gusteaus anyone can cook ! '' on the shelf . emile wait -- you .... read ? remy ( guilty ) well , not ... excessively . emile oh , man . do dad know ? remy you could fill a book -- a lot of book -- with thing dad do not know . and they have . which be why I read . ( point ) which be also we secret . he resume rummage through the spice . emile fret . emile I do not like secret . all this cooking and read and tv watch while we read and cook . it 's like you be involve I in crime . and I let you . why do I let you ? farmhouse attic - same moment rat stream in from a crack in the wall , throw food from the compost pile on to a heap . django be at the center , oversee thing . he turn away , distract -- django what 's take that kid so long ? resume kitchen - remy and emile remy locate a tiny vial of saffron , hold it up . remy ah. aquila saffron . italian . gusteau say it 's excellent . good thing the old lady be a food lov -- something on the tv attract remy 's attention ; the great chef gusteau be be interview . 12 . remy -- hey ! that 's gusteau ! emile , look -- gusteau ( tv ) great cooking be not for the faint of heart . you must be imaginative , strong -heart , you must try thing that may not work . and you must not let anyone define you limit because of where you come from . you only limit be you soul . what I say be true , anyone can cook ... but only the fearless can be great . remy grin , nodd in agreement . remy pure poetry . tv narrator but it be not to last . gusteau 's restaurant lose one of its five star after a scathing review by France 's top food critic arnot ego . remy drift closer to the tv , draw to the shocking news . tv narrator ( cont ’d ) it be a severe blow to gusteau , and the great chef die shortly afterward , which , accord to tradition , mean the loss of another star . remy ( stunne ) gusteau ... be dead ? suddenly the tv snap off ! remy & emile spin around to see -- the old lady be awake ... and wielding a shot gun . remy run ! ! remy and emile scatter ! emile panic , race toward the attic . remy no ! you will lead she to the colony ! the Lady blast huge hole in the ceiling just behind the scramble emile . he leap clear -- and land on the end of a hanging light fixture . the old lady have he . she level the gun barrel at the helplessly dangle emile -- 13 . remy hide he eye . emile brace for the end -- click . the shotgun be empty . the old lady react : what ? emile react : huh ? I be not dead ? remy look up : emile be still alive ? the old lady curse , eject the shell . emile sees he opportunity , start scrambling to pull himself up onto the light . the old lady sees this and rush for more shell . remy see a open and take off to help emile . rifling through she desk drawer , the old lady spie remy come out of hide to help emile . she redoubles her effort to find a box of shell -- emile struggle he fat body up to the precarious light fixture . emile help ! remy ! help ! remy emile , start swinging the light ! I will try to grab you ! old lady hear remy call for emile , but from she Pov all we hear be a squeaking SOUND . old lady find a shell BOX : empty . she yank OPEN another desk drawer . remy arrive at the light fixture , reach out for emile -- remy emile ! swing to I ! old lady -- nothing in the drawer , she decide to look in the book shelf , looking back to see if the two rat be still together and struggle , still sit duck -- find no shell in the desk , the lady go for the cabinet , looking back to the two sit duck rat . the lady find a fresh box of shell , spilling they in she excitement -- remy strain to lift emile . the lady drop to she knee , pick up a shell , load it as emile 's foot get purchase . the lady chamber she shell and swing the shotgun around -- the rat scramble up into a new blast hole at the base of a hang fixture . it explode in buckshot ! silence ... then a loud crack -- the lady look up : a large fissure snake across the ceiling , connect the wide circle of shotgun hole - 14 . -- a massive chunk of ceiling break free and come crash down -- bring with it the floor of the attic above , its furniture , and hundred of surprised rat . the Old Lady freak ! she run from the room . django evacuate !!! everyone to the boat ! rat grab assort belonging as they make they escape . remy and emile run with the terrify mob . suddenly , remy stop , look back to gusteau 's cookbook -- remy the book ! -- and turn back , rush into the flood of flee rat ! outside the farmhouse rat be diving out the window , stream through crack , racing across the grass to the bank of a nearby stream . by the stream the rat run into the tall grass , pull aside camouflage , revealing several watercraft build from junk . the rat push they into the water and climb aboard . django urge they on . django go go go ! move move move ! inside the farmhouse kitchen remy , the last remain rat , struggle with gusteaus cookbook . a strange breathing SOUND cause he to look up : the lady be back , now sport a World War 2 gasmask , and gas cannister . she start after remy , spraying gas everywhere . with a burst of adrenaline remy hoist the cookbook onto he back and make a run leap through the window -- outside the farmouse -- and land on the lawn in a shower of glass . it appear the cookbook itself be struggle to catch up to the flee rat - — remy wait ! wait for I ! 15 . on the river rain start to fall . the last rat boat have shove off from shore , but django 's boat linger under the footbridge . django everybody here ? we have everybody ? wait a minute - where 's remy ?! at the shore , remy throw the book into the water and start paddle toward the tunnel after the colony . remy right here ! I be come ! I be come ! django hold on son ! ( to other rat ) give he something to grab on to ! git , a huge , muscular lab rat , grab a spatula and hoist it out over the water toward remy . django ( cont 'd ) come on boy ! remy reach out , desperately paddle with he other paw . django ( cont 'd ) paddle son ! come on , reach for it ! you can do it ! remy have almost reach the end of the spatula -- blam ! a blast hit the water , send remy fly backward . the old lady have take position at the footbridge above . she fire at django 's boat -- miss as he boat enter the tunnel . django remy ! remy dad ! django come on , you can make it ! you can make it ! remy climb back aboard the cookbook and paddle into the drainpipe before the lady can get off a shot . she curse . 16 . tunnel - continuous remy paddle . ahead , django 's boat vanish into the dark . remy guy wait ! stop ! hold up ! wait for I ! hold up ! frightened shout echo into silence . remy dad ?? ( no response ) dad ...? silence . remy strain to see into the darkness . he begin to make out shape ; the channel forking into two tunnel . remy which way ...? he paddle towards the right tunnel , change he mind , veer toward the leave . he paddle , pick up speed . then he hear -- --a low rumble . he stop , suddenly alert . the rumble become a roar . remy whirl , paddle furiously the opposite direction . he 's head toward the edge of a waterfall ! but it 's too late . over the edge go remy and the cookbook , tumble into the rapid below . remy be toss about like a rag doll , buffete in every direction by the churn water . he struggle for air -- -- finally break the surface , he gulp a breath -- -- and be plunged back under . the stone wall blur past he as he claw back to the surface . through the tumult he spy he one chance up ahead -- the cookbook . he swim toward it , finally catch it , he pull himself aboard . the rapid pass , the water become calm . he look back , amaze he 's still alive . he collapse , exhaust . dissolve to : somewhere in the sewer system - night a soak and exhaust remy have pull he batter cookbook to the sewer bank . it 's dark and cold , it smell bad , but he 's safe . maybe the clan will find he . he wait . 17 . later the cookbook have dry out a bit , and there be just enough light seeping through a grate above for remy to read it . remy ( v.o. ) I wait . for a sound ... a voice ... a sign . something ... remy flip a crinkle page , to a appetizing photo of pastry . his stomach growls . he look away , turn to a draw of gusteau on the opposite page . the illustration come to life ; speak to remy -- gusteau if you be hungry , go up and look around , remy . why do you wait and mope ? remy I have just lose my family . all my friend . probably forever . gusteau how do you know ? remy well , I -- ( what be he do ? ) you ... be a illustration . why be I talk to you ? gusteau ( shrug ) you just lose you family . all you friend . you be lonely . remy yeah , well , you be dead . gusteau ah ... but that be no match for wishful think . if you focus on what you have leave behind you will never be able to see what lie ahead . now go up and look around . remy look up , consider the street above . he look back to the illustration . gusteau have resume he freeze pose . remy decide to go . 18 . we follow remy as he scurries up into a build -- between wall , through pipe , under floor , allow glimpse into the human world around he . remy move through a crack , emerge into -- apartment kitchen in the next room a party be in progress . remy spy a loaf of bread . famish , he grab it , prepare to take a bite when - --a sprite in the form of gusteau appear , smaller than remy , glow and semi-transparent . gusteau what be you do ?!! remy ( startle , defensive ) I be hungry ! I do not know where I be and I do not know when I ’1l1 find food again ... gusteau remy . you be better than that . you be a cook ! cook make . thiefe take . you be not a thief . remy ( reconsider ) but I be hungry ... gusteau food will come , remy . food always come to that who love to cook ... the gusteau sprite vanish . remy shake it off . he put the bread down , deny he grow hunger , and move on . between the wall remy move , follow he exceptional nose . we see glimpsis of many french life ; a painter carefully paint a nude model we can not see -- a dog bark aggressively , warning remy away from he flat -- a lover quarrel . remy watch from above , through a crack in the ceiling ; she shakily wave a pistol at a defiant he . 19 . quarreling woman you think I be play , francois ? you think I be playing ?? quarreling man you do not have the gut ! lose interest , remy move on . a bullet splinter the floor in front of he . remy rush back to the crack and sees -- -- the couple struggle with the smoking gun . the man wrench it free , it clatter to the floor . they glare at each other , blood in they eye -- -- and kiss . remy roll he eye and move on , through dark , tight space ... into a pipe and emerge onto -- outside the build - rooftop - dusk camera follow as remy scamper along railing and ledge , past window , up vine , booming up as the rooftop fall away to reveal --— a stunning panorama ; paris at night . it be gorgeous -- a vast , luminous jewel . remy be gobsmacked . remy Paris ? all this time I have be underneath paris ? it 's beautiful . remy 's take in the sea of shimmer light ... then see a huge sign atop a building several block away . it 's gusteau -- a fry pan in each hand . the sign marvel at the panorama . gusteau sign the most beautiful . remy gusteau 's ? you restaurant ?? you have lead I to you restaurant ! gusteau sign ( not entirely sure ) it seem as though I have . yes . there it be ! I have lead you to it ! remy I gotta see this ... remy head off toward the restaurant . 20 . kitchen - gusteaus restaurant waiter and cook bustle back and forth prepare elaborate meal with energetic precision ; the complex dance of haute cuisine . professional cooking at its finest . while the cook range wildly in age and nationality , only one be female ; a french cook in she late twenty name colette . a small , nasty - look man sport a thin mustache and a toque almost as large as the rest of he , enter . this be the head chef , skinner . several cook call out greeting to he . he look annoyed as LA rousse nudge he . LA rousse hey boss ! look who 's here ! this be linguini , Renata 's little boy . La rousse gesture to linguini , a gawky young man with a unruly mop of red hair sit on a stool in the corner . he jump up and awkwardly approach Skinner . LA rousse ( cont ’d ) all grow up , eh ? you remember Renata , gusteau 's old flame ? skinner ( distract ) ahh yes . how be you , uh ... LA rousse linguini . skinner yes. linguini . so nice of you to visit . how be --? linguini my mother . skinner yes . LA rousse Renata . skinner ( impatient ) yes. Renata . how be she ? 21 . linguini good . well , not g -- she 's be better ... I mean , uh ... horst she die . skinner oh. I be sorry . linguini do not be . she believe in heaven so she 's ... cover ... ( awkward ) ..- you know . afterlife wise . Skinner stare at linguini for a long , perplex moment . linguini suddenly hand a seal envelope to he . skinner what 's this ? linguini she leave it for you . I think she hope it would help . me. get a job . here --? LA rousse of course , gusteau would not hesitate . any son of Renata 's -- skinner ( cut he off ) yes . well , we could file this , and if something suitable open up -- LA rousse we have already hire he . skinner ( outrage ) what ?! how dare you hire someone without my - horst we need a garbage boy . Skinner process this , calming as he do . skinner oh. garbage . well ... ( to linguini , thin smile ) .--- I be glad it work out . 22 . Skinner disappear into he office , which once belong to the great gusteau himself . linguini turn back to the other cook , who be already hand he he work clothes . rooftop - above gusteaus kitchen - minute later remy and the gusteau sprite look down through the skylight into gusteau 's kitchen . remy watch , rapt as the chef scurry about , prepare the gourmet meal . remy I can not believe it . a real gourmet kitchen and I get to watch . gusteau you have read my book . let we see how much you know . which be the chef ? remy point out skinner , who be berate another cook . remy that guy . gusteau very good . who be next in command ? remy the sous chef ... there . ( point out horst ) the sous be responsible for the kitchen when the chef 's not there . remy 's Pov : isolating the cook as remy point they out . remy ( 0.c. ) saucier ; in charge of sauce , very important . chef de partie , demi - chef de partie - - both important ... ( point ) commis , commis , commis ... they be cook . very important . gusteau you be a clever rat . now -- who be that ? gusteau be point at the garbage boy linguini , who be clumsily steering a mop and bucket through the kitchen . remy oh ... he ? he 's nobody . 23. gusteau not nobody . he be part of the kitchen . remy ( dismissive ) he 's a plongeur or something . wash dish or take out the garbage . he do not cook . gusteau but he could . below , linguini accidentally knock over the pot of soup , spilling it . remy give gusteau a patronize chuckle . remy no . what we see , but remy do not : desperate that no one notice he mistake , linguini quickly replace the pot on the burner , and mop up the floor . gusteau how do you know ? what do I always say ? '' anyone can cook '' . remy well , yeah . anyone can . that do not mean that anyone should . gusteau well that be not stop he . see ? remy watch aghast as linguini quickly chum some water from another pot into the soup to refill it to it 's former level , haphazardly throw in a few spice and vegetable . remy no ! this be terrible ! he 's ruin the soup ! and nobody 's notice ?! it 's you restaurant ! do something ! gusteau what can I do ? I be a figment of you imagination - remy but he’s ruining the soup ! we have get to tell someone that he 's R - the skylight suddenly give way , and remy plunge down -- 24 . gusteaus kitchen with a splash remy land in a sink fill with soapy dishwater . he paddle to the surface , climb onto the counter and tumble over the edge , hit the floor with a splat . kitchen floor - under the counter - continuous remy hide . giant feet ( belong to busy cook ) boom by on either side . surrounded by the enemy of rat kind , remy be petrified . from remy 's Pov the kitchen be a terrifying place ; full of FIRE and noise . he run out from under the counter . the door to the walk - in open , knock remy across the floor and under the stove . above he row of burner ignite . he race across a walkway , under another counter and out the other side , nearly run over by a dine cart . remy dive underneath it , use it to cross the kitchen camouflage . stick he head out , remy spot a OPEN window on the far wall : a way out ! he run for it , climb up a dish rack to the counter . he be nearly to the OPEN window . he scramble up onto a copper pot toward it , but the lid slip and he fall inside . he look up . remy 's Pov : out from under the pot lid -- the window be moving away . what 's happen ?! widen to reveal -— -- the pot be be carry away by one of the cook . the chef set the pot down near a stove and exit . as remy head back toward the window , a wonderful scent hit he nose . he sniff , follow it to a pan fill with vegetable . entice , he crawl inside , and it be only then that he notice the large turkey -- moment before a cook pick up the pan and slide it into the oven ! remy barely escape before the oven door close , springing from the oven to another pass trolley , which burst into -- 25 . the dine room - continuous remy be wheeled into the plush hush of the restaurant , and pull up to a table of well - dress diner . a waiter hand reach down for a peppermill , grab remy instead -- -- which startles both of they . the hand instantly release remy , who quickly leap on to another pass trolley , the one head back to the kitchen . gusteaus kitchen - continuous remy jump off the trolley and hide . he look up at the window -- remy Pov -- the window have be close ! linguini cross into he view and taste the soup . it 's horrible , so horrible that -- -- he run to the window , open it , spit the soup out into the alley and exit -- leaving the window OPEN . resume remy he see he open and run for it , climb a broom handle to a shelf above the stove that lead to the OPEN window . dodging jar of spice he run through the steam from the soup bubbling directly below . it 's so disgusting that -- -- without think , he grab a spice from the counter , throw a dash in . he start for the window -- think better of it , add some leek , add some pepper , start back to the window -- -- and stop . his gaze return to the boil pot . he look back at the kitchen : the cook have not notice he . he look at the window : it be still open , and the path to it be clear . the gusteau sprite appear -- gusteau remy ! what be you wait for ? remy be this go to become a regular thing with you ? 26 . gusteau you know how to fix it . this be you chance ... remy consider this . then , fill with purpose , he jump to the stove top , turn the burner down , hop up to the spigot to add water to the soup . quickly lose himself , remy proceed to remake the soup , alternately smell , taste and add ingredient to it . he grab a pawful of spice to toss in and suddenly sees -- -- linguini , wide - eye and brandish a ladle . they stare at each other for a long moment , deer catch in each other headlight . remy drop the spice into the soup . Skinner ( os ) the soup ! where be the soup ? the two startle ; remy try to run for the window . linguini slam a collander over he , both hide and trapping he . Skinner out of my way , garbage boy ! Skinner spot the ladle in linguini 's hand . he seize linguini by he collar . Skinner you be cooking ? how dare you cook in my kitchen ! remy start to push the collander toward the open window . skinner where do you get the gall to even attempt something so monumentally idiotic ? I should have you draw and quarter ! I ’1l1 do it ! I think the law be on my side ! ( call out ) larousse ! draw and quarter this man ! after you put he head in the duck press to squeeze the fat out ! as Skinner berate linguini , lalo ladle the soup into a tureen , which he take to the pass . linguini watch helplessly as the waiter mustafa carry he soup out to the dining room . linguini skinner oh , no ... no no , ohhhh nooo -- what be you blather about ?! 27 . linguini skinner ( point , dumbstruck ) Soup ...? - but do not let - th -- sou ... ( suddenly understand ) soup --! stop that soup ! noooo ! but mustafa be go and it be too late . Skinner anxiously look through the door window into the dining room -- skinner 's Pov : the dine room -- the soup be serve to a woman diner . she taste it , react visibly , and motion for the waiter . resume kitchen - gusteau & skinner wilting , Skinner turn he building rage toward linguini . Skinner linguini ! you be fire ! f-i-r-e-d! fire ! mustafa , the waiter , stick he head through the double - door , speak low to Skinner . mustafa she want to speak to the chef . Color drain from Skinner 's face . he sigh , head out into the dining room to take he medicine . linguini creep toward the exit , but be collare by the sous chef horst . on the counter , remy inch the collander towards the window . Colette stick a spoon into the soup and taste . it 's good . mustafa and Skinner re-enter from the dining room , Skinner 's face a riot of bewilderment . colette what do the customer say ? mustafa it be not a customer . it be a critic . colette ( fearful ) ego ?? skinner ( daze ) solene leclaire ... * 28 . colette leclaire ? what do she say ? mustafa she like the soup . under the collander the gusteau sprite stop remy . gusteau wait -- remy what do mean '' wait 's ? you be the reason I be in this mess ! gusteau someone be ask about you soup ! resume scene the bustle of the kitchen have stop dead as Skinner taste the soup . his eye betray a truth ; the soup be delicious . and he hate that . he turn to linguini , he face dark . skinner what be you play at ? linguini ( totally confuse ) I , uhm , do not -- be I still fire ? colette you can not fire he . skinner ( wheel on she ) what --!? colette leclaire like it . she make a point of tell you so . if she write a review to that effect , and find out you fire the cook responsible -- skinner he 's a garbage boy ... 29 . colette -- who make something she like . how can we claim to represent the name of gusteau if we do not uphold he most cherish belief ? skinner what belief be that , madamoiselle tatou ? colette anyone can cook . under the collander the gusteau sprite nudge remy . resume scene the other cook murmur they assent . the turn of the tide be not lose on Skinner . his face soften into a icy smile . skinner perhaps I have be a bit harsh on we new garbage boy . he have take a bold risk , and we should reward that , as chef gusteau would have . if he wish to swim in dangerous water who be we to deny he ? under the collander remy 's totally absorb in this conflict . a cough cause remy to look up : the gusteau sprite gesture at the window . gusteau you be escape ..? remy oh. yeah -- remy resume push toward the window . back to scene Skinner turn to Colette , give she a wither smile . 30 . skinner since you have express such a interest in he cooking career , you should be responsible for it . Colette 's face fall . Skinner turn to the other cook . skinner anyone else ? ( they look away ) then back to work --! the cook resume they work . Skinner wheel on linguini . skinner you be either very lucky or very unlucky . you will make the soup again , and this time I will be pay attention . very close attention . off to the side , remy have almost make it to the window . skinner ( cont 'd ) they think you might be a cook . but you know what I think , linguini ? I think you be a sneaky , overreach little - ( he spie remy ) -- raaaat !! 1 ! remy run . the other cook come after he . Skinner swing a mop at remy , break dish and block he escape . skinner linguini ! get a something to trap it in !! linguini clap a jar over remy . seal it . linguini what should I do now ...? skinner kill it . linguini now ? skinner no ! not in the kitchen , be you mad ?? do you know what would happen to we if anyone know we have a rat in we kitchen ? ( more ) 31 . skinner ( cont would ) they have close we down !! we reputation be hang by a thread as it be . take it away from here , far away . kill it , dispose of it . go ! linguini nod and quickly exit the kitchen 's back door . alley behind gusteaus kitchen - continuous - night linguini hop aboard a bicycle and pedal into the gloom , carry remy in the jar with he . along the seine - night the waterfront , normally so beautiful , seem dark and forbode this night . linguini slow he bicycle and pull up under a street lamp near a bridge underpass . he climb off the bicycle and prepare to drop the jar into the water . remy be petrified . his heart racing , he press he paw against the glass , stare at linguini with terrify eye . linguini hesitate ... then pull back , shouting at remy . linguini do not look at I like that ! you be not the only one who 's trap . they expect I to cook it again ! ( remy look up : huh ? ) I be not ambitious , I be not try to cook , I be just try to stay out of trouble . you be the one who be get fancy with the spice ! what have you throw in there ? oregano ? ( remy shake head : '' '' no '' ) no ? what , rosemary ? ( again , remy shake head ) that 's a spice , be not it ? Rosemary ? ( at this remy nods ) you do not put rosemary in there ? remy shake he head . linguini slump down on the bank , set the remy jar next to he . linguini I need this job . I have lose so many . I do not know how to cook and now I be talk to a rat as if you actually understand what I be say -- ( sudden realization ) -- do you nod ?? you understand I ?? ( more ) 32 . linguini ( cont would ) ( remy nods ) so I be not crazy . wait a second , wait a second . I can not cook . can I ? ( remy shake he head ) but you can . right ? ( remy think uncertainly ) do not be so modest , you be a rat for Pete 's sake . whatever you do , they like it . ( lose in think ) yeah . this could work . hey , they like the soup -- with a expansive gesture linguini accidentally knock remy 's jar into the seine . horrify , linguini dive in after it . jump CUT to : along bank of seine - minute later linguini sit on a bench , soaking wet , the jar with remy successfully retrieve and sit next to he . linguini they like the soup . you think you could ... do it again ? ( remy nods ) I be gonna let you go . but we be together on this . right ? ( remy nods again ) okay . linguini set the jar down on its side and carefully open the lid . remy look up at he ... and take off , escape into the darkness . cackling as he run , remy look back at -— remy 's Pov : pulling away from linguini -- who stand forlorn and alone under the bridge . with remy he slow to a stop , move by this pitiful sight . with linguini he sigh , defeat . turn sadly to he bicycle . then a SOUND : the clicking of tiny claw on cement . linguini look up -- 33 . remy , very cautiously , be come toward he , back into the light . remy look at linguini ... who smile . linguini 's flat - night darkness . we hear keys fumble in a lock . linguini kick the warpe door a few time , open it enough to enter , and wrestle he bicycle through . he turn on a light , revealing -- -a tiny , odd - shape room ; two door in the wall ; one a bathroom , the other a closet , both tiny . one window , a table with two chair . hotplate . a miniscule , ancient refrigerator . a ratty couch double as a bed , a portable black & white t.v. rest precariously on one arm . linguini this be it . it 's not much , but it 's - ( he look around ) -- not much . ( to remy , shrug ) could be worse ; there 's heat and light and a couch with a tv . so , y’know - - what 's mine be yours . remy look over the new dig . he like they just fine . later fast asleep on the couch , linguini be bath in the flicker light from a old and very romantic french movie on tv . two lover stand handsomely in the swirl steam of a soon to depart locomotive , stare into each other 's eye -- her ( tv ) he ( tv ) be you -- be this ... a dream ? the best kind of dream . one we can share . tucked in to a oven mitt near the window sill , remy gaze dreamily at the light of Paris . the romantic movie music swell , underscore he emotion . her ( os tv ) he ( os tv ) but why here ? why now ? why not here ? why not now ? what better place to dream ... than in Paris ? remy grin , slowly close he eye . dream . * ee 34 . linguini 's flat - morning linguini awaken with a start . he look up at the oven mitt -- linguini Morning , little chef . rise and sh -- -- and suddenly realize remy be gone . linguini idiot ! I know this would happen ! I let a rat into my place and tell he what 's mine be he ? linguini yank open the refrigerator door and look inside . linguini egg gone ! stupid ! he 's steal food and hit the road ! what would I expect ? that 's what I get for trust a ra- as linguini move around the tiny alcove he sees -- --remy , quite pleased with himself as he cook omelettes on the hotplate . two place have be set at the tiny table . linguini wh - -? hey . what -- be that for I ? remy nod and deftly ( but with considerable effort ) set the large omelette onto linguini 's plate . linguini sit and put a forkful into he mouth . linguini it 's good . what would you put in this ? ( remy hold up basil leaf ) where have you get that ? remy move to the window and point to the roof garden of a nearby flat . linguini look down at the enterprise rat . linguini look . it 's delicious . but do not steal . I will buy some spice , okay ? remy shrug and turn to eat . linguini glance at he clock . linguini oh no . we be gonna be late , and on the first day ! 35 . linguini shove the rest of the egg into he mouth and grab he coat . famish , remy open wide , ready for he first bite of food , when linguini snatch he up --- linguini can ’mon , little chef ! -- and run out of the apartment . gusteaus kitchen -— morning the cook be circle around Colette , listen with interest as she read a review aloud from the morning paper . colette '' though I , like many other critic , have write off gusteau 's as irrelevant since the great chef 's death , the soup be a revelation , a spicy yet subtle taste experience . '' Skinner have entered , and be now stop in he track . skinner ( stunne ) leclaire ...? colette yes ...! ( resume read ) " against all odd , gusteau 's have recapture we attention . only time will tell if they deserve it . '' in alley outside gusteau 's linguini wait outside , remy in palm , stare uncomfortably at the kitchen entrance , work up the nerve to go inside . linguini well , uhm ... aware he can not enter the kitchen carry a rat , linguini look half heartedly for place to conceal remy ; under he shirt , up he sleeve , in he sock -- rejecting each in turn . out of idea , linguini slowly open the top of he pants . remy look up at he , appalled . 36 . linguini ( desperate ) look , I know it 's weird and stupid , but neither of we can do this alone . so we gotta do it together , right ? you with I ?? remy give a reluctant nod . linguini glare at the kitchen entrance , psyching himself up -- linguini so ... lets do this thing !! kitchen - gusteau be the back door slam OPEN . all head swing to a slightly craze linguini stand in the doorway . he wilt a bit with the attention , and attempt to cross inconspicuously to he station , the hide rat cause a strangely spastic lurch . the other cook watch with bewilder amusement . linguini arrive at he station and look uneasily at the new toque rest there : he new toque . he swallow , place it on he head , and suddenly notice Skinner stand there . skinner welcome to hell . now ... recreate the soup . take as long as you need , all week if you must . Skinner exit . linguini look at he station with dread , a block writer face a blank page . linguini Soup . linguini 's station - minute later Raw soup stock bubbles at a low boil on the stove . linguini stare at the variety carefully prepare of ingredient -- herb , spice , dice vegetable , etc that have be and laid out at he station . he 's completely unsure of where to start . remy peek out from linguini 's collar and examine the scene . he scramble underneath linguini 's shirt and across he chest , tickle he . linguini laugh . remy 's head pop out from linguini 's shirt cuff , see linguini reach for a spice tin ; the wrong spice . remy signal linguini to stop , but linguini pay no attention , so -- 37 . -- remy give linguini 's hand a nip . linguini yelp -- drop the entire spice tin into the soup . appall , remy give linguini a admonish bite -- linguini yelp and curse , swat remy in retaliation . remy scurries to the other arm ( giggle ) and give linguini another nip ( more yelp & cursing ) . the other cook marvel at the strangeness of the spastic , giggle , yelping linguini . visibly panicked , the giggle / yelping linguini turn , lurching from he station to the food safe , and close himself inside . inside food vault - continuous linguini rip he shirt open , expose he chest and arm , which be cover in angry red bite mark . linguini aaaaaaaagggggghhhhh ! !! ( look at remy accusingly ) aaaaaaaagggggghhhhh ! !! ( gesture at bite mark ) aaaaaaaagggggghhhhh ! !! remy stare at the nearly hysterical linguini . linguini this be not gonna work , little chef ! I be gonna lose it if we do this any more . we gotta figure out something else . something that do not involve any bite or nip or run up and down my body with you little rat foot . the bite ; no. scamper ; no . no scamper or scurrying . understand , little chef ? ( beat ) Little chef ...? remy 's gaze have drift away from linguini , to the shelf load with premium food . remy look weak with long . linguini oh ... you be hungry . guilty , linguini break a chunk from a round of cheese and offer it to remy , who scarf it down . linguini , calmer now , straighten he clothes as he think out loud . 38 . linguini okay ... the way I see it ; you know how to cook . and I know how ... to appear ... human . we just need to work out a system so that I do what you want in a way that do not look like I be be control by a tiny rat chef oh would you listen to I ? i'm insane I ’m insane I ’m inside a refrigerator talking to a rat about gourmet cooking I will never pull this off -- kitchen - outside food vault pass the food vault Skinner hear a voice from within . skinner linguini ...? inside food vault remy , still eat , listen as linguini pour he heart out . linguini - we gotta communicate ! I can not be check for a yes or no head shake from a rat th- suddenly the vault door jerk OPEN . three thing happen fast : 1 ) Skinner see a fleeting glimpse of linguini with remy . 2 ) linguini hit the light switch -- the room goe dark . 3 ) Skinner instantly flick the light back on to see -- --linguini stand exactly as before . but remy be gone . skinner the rat ! I see it ! linguini no ... a rat ? skinner ( search about linguini ) yes , yes - - a rat ! right next to you - ( stop , suspicious ) -- what be you do in here ??? 39 . linguini I be just familiarize myself with -- y'know , the vegetable ... and such . skinner get out . linguini make a hasty exit . Skinner call out after he . skinner one can get too familiar with vegetable you know ! kitchen - continuous linguini speak to remy , who he 's hide under he toque -- linguini that be close . you okay up there ? inside linguini 's toque remy 's surroundings be visible through the thin fabric . he look up and sees they be about to collide with -- --a waiter carrying a tray pile with dish . remy yank back linguini's hair like horse reins , causing - linguini -- to jerk backwards in a impossible limbo-arch , pivote under the tray of dish -- -- and back up again , miraculously averting disaster . linguini blink in amazement : what just happen ? he duck into the -- bathroom linguini remove he toque , look at remy in the mirror . linguini how do you do that ?? still grasp hank of linguini 's hair in he paw , remy shrug . linguini 's shoulder shoot up to he ear . startle , remy drop he arm ; linguini 's shoulder drop . linguini whooaah --! 40 . a gleam come into the rat 's eye . he jerk the leave hank , cause linguini 's left arm to shoot up in the AIR . linguini ( marvel ) wow . that 's strangely involuntareee - remy be yanking tuft of linguini 's hair like a kid with a new toy . linguini jerk around like a helpless puppet . remy stop , look at the panting linguini in the mirror . remy ( v.o. ) one look and I know , each of we have the same crazy idea ... linguini 's flat - night ( montage : learning to cook ) use hank of linguini 's hair to control linguini 's action , remy pilot linguini ( who be blindfolded to keep he from cheating ) through a increasingly complex series of cooking task , everything from cut vegetable to flipping crepe . during this comic montage we see remy learn precisely how to pilot linguini , and at the same time , linguini be learn how to surrender himself to be '' pilote '' . by dawn , linguini and remy have meshed into one finely hone cooking machine . dissolve to : kitchen —- next day linguini stand off to the side , fretting as Skinner pull a ladle of soup from a linguini 's pot and taste it . skinner congratulation . you be able to repeat you accidental success . but you will need to know more than soup , if you be to survive in my kitchen , boy . Colette -- Skinner gesture to colette , who watch with a scowl . skinner ( cont 'd ) -- will be responsible for teach you how we do thing here . Skinner grin and exit . linguini cross to colette. 41 . linguini ( a little too smooth ) listen , I just want you to know how honore I be to be study under a - Colette stab a knife through linguini 's shirtsleeve , pin it to the table . her voice be low , intense . colette no , you listen . I just want you to know exactly who you be deal with . how many woman do you see in this kitchen ? linguini well , I hah --- um -- she bring a second knife down through linguini 's sleeve -- colette only I . why do you think that be ?? linguini ( spook , sputtering ) well ... huh --! I ... hoo ... colette because haute cuisine be a antiquated hierarchy build upon rule write by stupid old man , rule design to make it impossible for woman to enter this world . but still I be here . how do this happen ? linguini burble in a desperate attempt at nonchalance . linguini because ... you , ah -- hah ... Colette slam a third knife through linguini 's sleeve , thoroughly pin it . linguini be truly frighten . colette because I be the toughest cook in this kitchen . I have work too hard for too long to get here , and I be not go to jeopardize it for some garbage boy who get lucky . get it ?? linguini nods pathetically . Colette pull the knife handle out with a single jerk and linguini topple to the floor . Colette exit . linguini peek over the counter , dazzle . 42 . linguini wow ... skinner 's office Skinner watch as ad man francois dupuis finish pitching he campaign for the latest gusteaus frozen food product . the trademark chef gusteau art have be re-paint ; gusteau now sport a kimono , coolie hat , and chopstick . behind this be similar campaign for gusteaus french pizza and gusteaus microwave burritos . Skinner be captivate . dupuis '' easy to cook , easy to eat , gusteau make chinese food ' chine - easy ! ' " '' . skinner excellent work francois , as usual . dupuis it 's good , be not it ? Skinner stand , offer a handshake to signal the end of the meeting . as francois pack up he portfolio , prepare to leave , Skinner straighten the photo of himself with gusteau that hang on the wall . skinner I want you to work up something for my latest freeze food concept : '' gusteau 's corn puppy '' . like corn dog , only smaller , bite size ! dupuis ( start sketching in pad ) what be corn dog ? skinner cheap sausage dip in batter and deep fry . you know ... american . whip something up , maybe gusteau in overall and huckleberry Tom hat - dupuis ( display he sketch ) or as a giant ear of corn in doggie makeup ? skinner yes , but ... with dignity . 43 . dupuis exit . Skinner move to he desk and the stack of unopened mail there , and begin to shuffle through it ; bill , bill , bill - - and the pink envelope give to he by linguini . he open the envelope and read ; he bored eye grow wider and wider with each line . he gasp , seize the phone . skinner 's Skinner 's skinner get my lawyer --! office - a hour later lawyer talon labarthe be read gusteaus will . talon the will stipulate that , if after a period of two year from the date of death no heir appear , gusteau 's business interest -- include the restaurant and the rights to he name and image -- will pass to he sous chef . you . skinner I know what the will stipulate ! ( brandish letter ) what I want to know be if this letter , if this boy , change anything ! Skinner raise the window blind , revealing a view of the kitchen and linguini , who look unusually awkward among the practice cooking staff . talon look from linguini to a frame photo of gusteau . talon there 's not much resemblance -- skinner ( drop blind ) there 's no resemblance at all ! he 's not gusteau 's son ! gusteau have no child ! and what of the timing of all this ? the deadline in the will expire in less than a month ! talon drift around the office , search for something . 44 , skinner ( cont 'd ) suddenly some boy arrive with a letter from he '' recently decease '' mother claim gusteau as he father ? highly suspect ! talon spy a toque inside a display case . he turn to Skinner . talon this be gusteau 's ? ( Skinner nods ) May I ? skinner of course , of course . talon carefully open the display case , remove gusteaus toque and begin to inspect it . talon but the boy do not know ? skinner ( brandish the letter ) she claim she never tell he -- or gusteau ! and ask that I not tell ! talon why you ? what do she want ? talon spy something on the toque : a hair . he pull a pair of tweezer from he coat , remove the hair , fold it carefully inside a handkerchief , and pockete it . skinner a job . for the boy . talon only a job ? skinner well ... yes . talon then what be you worried about ? if he work here you will be able to keep a eye on he , while I doa little digging , find out how much of this be real . ( get he coat ) I 'il need you to collect some DNA sample from the boy , hair maybe . 45 . skinner the whole thing be highly suspect . he know something ! ! talon relax . he 's a garbage boy . I think you can handle he . talon exit . Skinner stand inert , spook . kitchen linguini finish dice a red pepper . he set down he knife , carefully scoops up the small pile of dicing , walk over to a giant pot and drop it in , return to repeat the procedure . Colette , who have watch this , interrupt -- colette what be you do ? linguini I be cut . vegetable . I be cut the vegetable ? colette no . you waste energy and time ! Colette slide a chair up to the end of linguini 's prep table and slam the pot down on its seat so that the top be level with the table 's surface . colette you think cooking be a cute job , huh ? like mommy in the kitchen ? she snatch linguini 's knife from he with one hand , several vegetable with the other . with frightening speed she dice they ; flick each dice pile into the pot with the knife ; dice , flick , dice , flick -- colette well mommy never have to face the dinner rush when the order come flooding in and every dish be different and none be simple and all have different cooking time but must arrive on the customer table at exactly the same time , hot and perfect . every second count -- in moment Colette have complete a ten-minute linguini job . 46 . colette ( cont 'd ) -- and you can not be mommy !!!! time CUT : another day linguini be cooking . he take a pan off the burner and set it to one side , which be already cluttere with utensil . Colette see the mess and be outrage . colette what be this ??? linguini stammer . Colette quickly clear he station , pitching it all into a sink full of dishwater . colette keep you station clear . when the meal rush come what will happen ?? messy station slow thing down , food do not go , order pile up -- disaster !! i’1l make this easy to remember ; keep you station clear ... or I will kill you . time CUT : Colette grab linguini by the arm and hold up he sleeve , which be smear with multi-color stain . colette you sleeve look like you throw up on they . keep you hand and arm in , close to the body like this -- ( she demonstrate ) -- see ? always return to this position . cook move fast ; sharp utensil , hot metal , keep you arm in , you will minimize cut and burn and keep you sleeve clean . Mark of a chef ; messy apron , clean sleeve . time CUT : another day linguini and Colette shell peas . Colette 's manner be easier , more collegial . colette I know the gusteau style cold . in every dish chef gusteau always have something unexpected . I will show you , I memorize all he recipe -- 47 . linguini ( write it down ) '' always do something unexpected '' ... colette no . '' follow the recipe '' . linguini but you just say -- colette it be he job to be unexpected . it be we job to -- colette & linguini -- follow the recipe . time CUT : another day Colette pull a loaf from a basket of freshly baked bread and show it to linguini . colette how do you tell how good bread be without taste it ? not the smell , not the look , but the sound ... of the crust . listen -- she hold the loaf to she ear , linguini lean in to listen . inside linguini 's toque remy also leans in to listen . Colette give the bread a squeeze . the crackle be seductive . resume scene she and linguini smile at the pleasing crunch . colette ( cont ’d ) -a symphony of crackle . only great bread sound this way . time CUT : another day - early morning Colette and linguini have begin they prep . there be a new relaxation between they . 48 . colette the only way to get the best produce be to have first pick of the day , and there be only two way to get first pick ; grow it yourself or bribe a grower . she gesture to the back door . outside a produce seller , converse amicably with La rousse , set down a crate of gorgeous fruit and vegetable . La rousse slip he money . colette voila ! the best restaurant get first pick . time CUT : linguini and Colette cook side by side , they manner now as easy and familiar as old friend . colette people think haute cuisine be snooty , so chef must also be snooty . but not so . on lalo , who bob to radio music as he sauté , cooking with a efficient , yet theatrical flourish . colette ( v.o. ) lalo there -- run away from home at twelve , get hire by circus people as a acrobat , get fire for mess around with the ringmaster daughter . camera swing to horst . he glance about with shifty eye . colette ( v.0o . ) horst have do time . linguini ( v.o. ) what for ? colette ( v.o. ) no one know for sure . he change the story every time you ask he . jump cut : horst explain various reason for incarceration . horst I defraud a major corporation . ( CUT ) ( more ) 49 . horst ( cont would ) I rob the second large bank in France use only a ballpoint pen . ( CUT ) I create a hole in the ozone over Avignon . ( CUT ) I kill a man with -- ( he hold it up ) -- this thumb . camera move to pompidou . he work dough with expert precision . colette ( v.o. ) do not ever play card with pompidou . he 's be ban from both Las Vegas and monte Carlo . camera move to larousse as he slip into the food safe . colette ( v.o. ) La rousse run gun for the resistance . linguini ( v.o. ) which resistance ? colette ( v.o. ) he will not say . apparently they do not win . resume colette & linguini colette so you see , we be artist . Pirates . more than cook be we . linguini '' wev ...? colette qui . you be one of we now , oui ?. linguini ( surprised , touch ) oui. they exchange smile and resume work . pause . linguini thank you ... by the way , for all the advice about cooking . 50 . colette thank you , too . linguini for what ? colette for take it . inside skinner 's car - moving - night Skinner listen to the radio . suddenly he sit up -- he Pov through windshield : remy scamper across the alley to the kitchen entrance behind gusteau ’s... and into the hand of a kneel linguini . skinner the rat !! resume skinner he jam the brake , throw the car into reverse . as linguini be bring back into view we see that remy be gone . still kneel , linguini hold up a set of keys . linguini ( to Skinner , chuckle ) I just drop my key . Skinner be baffle . gusteau 's - dine area - night there be noticeably more energy and fewer empty table in the dining room . mustafa arrive at a table of food snob . mustafa have you decide ? food snob # 1 well , the new soup be excellent but - food snob # 2 -- but we order it every time . food snob # 3 what else do you have ? 51 . mustafa we have a very nice foie gras -- food snob # 1 ( impatient ) yes , the old standby , you use to be famous for it . what do the chef have that 's new ? mustafa stand there , slack - jaw and blink . kitchen mustafa crash through the swinging door in a panic . mustafa horst someone have ask what be New ? new ! mustafa horst yes ! what do I tell they ? what do you tell they ? mustafa skinner I tell they I would ask ! what be you blather about ? horst mustafa customer be ask what be what should I tell they ? new . skinner mustafa what did you tell they ?? I told they I would ask !!! skinner this be simple . just pull out a old gusteau recipe , something we have not make in a while and -- mustafa they know about the old stuff . they like linguini 's soup -- skinner linguini ? they be ask for food from -- linguini ? lalo a lot of customer like the soup . that 's all we be say . pompidou be we say that ? 52 . a idea come to Skinner . Dark pleasure bloom on he face . skinner very well . if it 's linguini they want ... he pull horst close and speak to he quietly . skinner .-. tell they '' chef '' linguini have prepare something special for they , something definitely '' off - menu '' . oh , and do not forget to stress its '' linguini-ness '' . horst oui , chef . Skinner turn to linguini , a big shark - smile on he face . skinner now be you chance to try something worthy of you talent , linguini . a forget favorite of the chef 's : '' sweetbread a la gusteau '' ! Colette will help you ! colette oui , chef . skinner now hurry up . we diner be hungry ! Skinner turn to go to he office , a worried La rousse rush up to he , speak in a low , concerned voice . LA rousse be you sure ? that recipe be a disaster . gusteau himself say so . skinner just the sort of challenge a budd chef need . Skinner disappear inside he office , hum to himself . with colette & linguini linguini look over Colette 's shoulder as she stare at a old , yellowing recipe card , size up it 's ingredient . 53 . colette sweetbread a la gusteau . sweetbread cook in a salt crust with cuttlefish tenticles . drizzle with ... snail porridge ... ( with increase distaste ) Douglas fir puree beetroot mousse and pollen ... dry white fungus ... and dip in anchovy liquorice sauce . huh . sound awful . Colette shrug it off and turn to linguini . colette I do not know this recipe . but it be gusteau , so -- ( call out ) lalo ! we have some veal stomach soaking , yes ?? lalo ( 0.s. ) yes , the veal stomach , I get that . linguini uh -- veal ... stomach ? inside linguini 's toque - minute later remy pilot linguini 's hand to lift the small pot of snail porridge off the burner and up to linguini 's toque for a obligatory sniff . remy look at the porridge , then at the rack of fresh spice . suddenly remy pilot linguini to go for the spice , lift they rapidly one by one up the toque to sniff . remy select one that smell right and dump it in the pot . linguini suddenly leans forward , tilting he toque over the fragrant steam from the simmer pot . inside linguini ’'s toque remy take a whiff , like what he smell . inspire , he pilot linguini out into the kitchen . 54 . linguini -- be alarmed by he sudden ramble , completely unsure of where he 's go , what he 's look for . under the toque remy maneuver linguini spasmodically past the other cook station , wildly sniff around for the next ingredient , a composer hunt for the next note in a new symphony . he catch a pleasing scent in lalo 's station -- linguini snatch some shallot from lalo , who look up in SHOCK , but linguini be already go , racing back to he station to add the new ingredient to a heating pan . linguini jerk forward , tilting he toque over the pan , then peel out of he station , once again on the move . kitchen - same time linguini zip about snatching ingredient from the other cook station , a porche apologize for its driver . linguini ( ad-lib to cook ) pardon I , just need to borrow this real quick -- sorry -- apparently I need this -- I 'il be right back -- to the other , linguini look derange ; a man who 's clearly lose control of both he body and he faculty . linguini careen back into he station and dump the ingredient into he pan , startling Colette - - colette what be you do ? we be suppose to be prepare the gusteau recipe . linguini ( stir , flipping pan ) I be , uh ... this be the recipe -- colette the recipe do not call for white truffle oil ! what else have you -- ( more ) 55 . colette ( cont would ) ( she look in he pan ) you be improvise ?? this be no time to experiment , the customer be wait ! linguini you be right -- ( to remy , nudging toque ) -- I should listen to you ! linguini suddenly slap he own face , then leans he toque over the sweetbread . colette linguini stop that --! stop what ? colette horst freaking I out ! whatever where be the special order ? you be do -- stop it . both Colette and linguini be work quickly now , but on separate dish , give the appearance of a competition . colette linguini come ! we be together . ( low to linguini ) I think we be together on this . colette linguini then what be you do ? it 's --- very hard to explain . horst the special ?? colette come get it ! under the toque remy watch anxiously as Colette set the plate at the pass to be pick up , a hank of hair in each paw , wait for a open . Colette glance at the recipe . colette oh -- I forget to add the liquorice ! she rush back to get it . remy see he chance . linguini find himself grab he pan and hurtle toward colette. 56 . at the pass Colette be about to add the liquorice sauce when linguini swoops in and block her hand . Colette be stunned . her eye flash at linguini , who look petrify , he leave hand hold he pan of saute , which tremble over the sweetbread . colette do not ... you ... dare . linguini I be not , I be not , I ' be -- linguini dump he saute over Colette 's dish the moment before it be sweep away by the waiter mustafa . linguini ( cont 'd ) -- sorry . Skinner enter , smile as he walk up to horst . skinner be linguini 's dish do yet ? horst ya . it 's as bad as we remember . just go out . skinner ( serene ) do you taste it ? horst of course ... before he change it . skinner good - what ? how could he change it ? horst he change it as it be go out the door ! Skinner start toward the door to the dining room , just as mustafa bust through it , excited . mustafa they love it ! other diner be already ask about it , about linguini . I have seven more order ! Colette be nonpluss . Skinner flinch , then force a smile . 57 . skinner that 's ... wonderful . inside linguini ’'s toque remy slap he paw together , relishing the night ahead . montage crosscut between the dining room and the kitchen : order pile up as word of the '' special '' spread between diner . remy pilot linguini , prepare plate after plate of they hit . the kitchen - later the dinner rush be over . the cook congratulate they new comrade linguini , toast he glass of table wine . Skinner watch from across the kitchen , staring at the boy with a mixture of confusion , envy and resentment . as linguini pass in front of a light Skinner sees it : a strange shadow within linguini 's toque -- -- the silhouette of a rat . Skinner 's eye go wide . back entrance - gusteau 's after a quick look around to make sure no one 's watch , linguini remove he toque and let remy out . linguini take a break little chef , get some air . we really do it tonight . linguini unfold a napkin , revealing a miniature picnic ; fruit , bread , cheese . remy -- poope but exhilated -- beam at linguini , who raise he glass in a salute to the rat . linguini smile and turn back inside . kitchen —- continuous we follow linguini as he cross the kitchen , hum happily to himself . panning into frame be skinner ; perch high atop a tray rack , wait like a cat ready to pounce . he snatch the toque from linguini 's head -- 58 . -- and gape in confusion when he see nothing on top of the boy 's head . he look at linguini and smile . skinner ( dangle the toque ) get you toque ! Skinner hop to the ground , fluffing the toque with he hand before hand it back to the mystify linguini . skinner seriously now , I have love to have a little talk with you , linguini ... in my office . linguini be I in trouble ...? skinner trouble ? nooo ... a little wine , a friendly chat . just we cook . Colette watch Skinner steer linguini into he office . horst ( to Colette , be : linguini ) the plongeur will not be come to you for advice anymore , eh Colette ? ( nod to Skinner 's office ) he 's get all he need . he exit chuckle . Colette slowly turn away , stung . inside skinner 's office Skinner settles in behind the massive desk that be formerly gusteau 's . linguini sit uneasily at a chair face he , still hold he little glass of wine . skinner toast you success , eh linguini ? good for you . linguini I just take it to be polite , they be be so nice to I , I do not really drink , you know -- skinner of course you do not . I would not either if I be drink that -- 59 . Skinner pluck the glass from linguini 's hand , pour it into a wastebasket , and offer up a newly open bottle of wine . skinner ( cont 'd ) - but you would have to be a idiot of elephantine proportion not to appreciate this ' 61 chateau latour . and you , m’sieur linguini , be no idiot . ( raise he glass ) let we toast you non-idiocy ! a votre sante ! they clink ... and drink . outside kitchen - back entrance - gusteau 's remy munch contentedly and stare at the starry sky , loving he bread , he cheese , he life . he break the top off a grape and -- hold the stem like a wine glass -- slowly sip it into a raisin . something stir behind the trash can . remy freeze , suddenly alert . some kind of creature be eat in the shadow . remy grab the cheese knife and timidly go to investigate . the creature look up , its glow eye fix on remy . remy gulp , raise the knife . the creature leap into the light -- emile remy ! remy emile --?? they rush to each other , hugging and laugh . remy emile what be you do here ?! I I can not believe it ! you be think I have never see you alive ! you make it ! we guy again ! figure you do not survive the rapid ! remy and what be you eat ?? emile stare at remy , chew . he look down , ponder the unrecognizable wad in he hand for a long beat . he frowns . emile I do not really know . I think it be some sort of wrapper once . 60 . remy what --? no. remy grab the wad and throw it away with a flourish . remy you be in Paris now , baby . my town . no brother of mine eat rejecta - menta in my town ! remy turn on he heel and march back into the kitchen . kitchen - moment later remy climb to the pull handle on the food safe door and hesitates there . laughter emanate from inside of Skinner 's office . remy leap to the handle and with considerable effort push it open , unlocking the massive door . gusteau appear . gusteau sprite remy ... you be steal ? you tell linguini he could trust you . remy and he can . it 's for my brother ... gusteau sprite the boy could lose he job . remy which mean I would , too . it 's under control , okay ? remy shove past the gusteau spite and into the safe . the sprite vanish . inside skinner 's office - same time linguini sit back in he chair , look a bit tipsy . skinner more wine ? linguini I should not . but okay . he offer he glass to Skinner , who refill it generously . skinner so where do you train , linguini ? 61 . linguini ( chuckle , drink ) train ? alright ... skinner surely you do not expect I to believe this be you first time cooking ? linguini it 's not . skinner I know it ! linguini it 's my ... ( stop , count on finger ) .-. second , third , four - - fifth time . Monday be my first time . ( Skinner wilt ) but I have take out the garbage lot of time before this , that 's why I -- skinner ( cut he off , pour ) yes yes yes . have some more wine . tell I about you interest . do you like animal ? linguini what --? animal ? what kind ? skinner oh , the usual . dog , cat , horse , guinea pig ... ( point ) ..- rat . back entrance - gusteau 's - minute later remy carry a small bundle of gourmet foodstuff from the kitchen , only to find emile again munch on garbage . remy I bring you something to -- agh !! no no no ! spit that out right now ! ( emile do , shame ) I have got to teach you about food ! Close you eye . 62 . as emile close he eye , he surroundings fade to black . remy delicately hold a hunk of cheese under emile 's nose -- remy now ... take a bite of thi-- emile inhales it . horrify , remy scold he like a bad pet . remy ( cont 'd ) - no no no ! do not just hork it down ! emile too late . annoy , remy hand he another piece of cheese . emile eat it , this time more carefully . remy chew it slowly ... think only about the taste . see ? a vague , grayish blob half - form above he head . it move to undefine music as emile struggle to experience the food ... emile not really . remy creamy , salty sweet . a oaky nuttiness ? you detect that ? emile open he eye ( surroundings reappear ) , look at remy . emile oh , I be detect nuttiness . remy Close you eye . now taste this . ( give he a strawberry ) Whole different thing , right ? sweet , crisp , slight tang on the finish ? the blob reappear , but this time with a hint of color . emile okay . remy now try they together . uh-huh . see ? 63 . emile eat both together and chew , concentrate . slowly the weak color become bolder and more complimentary . they begin to dance and intermingle as a little melody take shape ... emile okay ... I think I be get a little something there . it might be the nuttiness . could be the tang . remy that 's it ! now imagine every great taste in the world be combine into infinite combination , taste that no one have try yet !! discovery to be make ! emile I think - -- you lose I again . emile open he eye . the shape and SOUND fade away . sense remy 's disappointment , emile reassure he . emile but that be interesting . most interesting garbage I ever -- hey ! what be we do ? dad do not know you be alive . we have gotta go to the colony !! everyone will be thrilled ! remy yeah ... but , uh ... thing be , I kinda have to ... uh ... remy gesture vaguely at the kitchen . emile frown . emile what ? what do you '' hafta '' more than family ? what 's more important ? he glare furiously at remy , whose resolve start to crumble . remy well , it would not hurt to visit ... inside skinner 's office - still later a few empty bottle of wine litter Skinner 's desk . linguini be bombed , but Skinner 's increasingly desperate inquisition be get nowhere . skinner linguini have you ever have a pet rat ?? nope. 64 . skinner linguini do you work in a lab with nope. rat ? skinner linguini perhaps you live in squalor nopety nopety new . at some point ?? skinner I know you know something about rat ! you know you do !! linguini you know who know do whacka do . ratta tatta - hey ! why do they call it that ? skinner what ?! linguini ratatouille . there 's a dish call that , it 's like a stew , right ? why do they call it that ? if you be gonna name a food you should give it a name that sound delicious . ratatouille do not sound delicious . it sound like rat . and patooty . Rat patooty ! which do not sound delicious . linguini drink , find he glass empty . he smile , offer he glass for Skinner to refill . skinner ( scowling ) regrettably -- he drop the empty bottle into the trash with a loud thunk . skinner ( cont 'd ) -- we be all out of wine . inside sewer - rat common - a little later several channel converge into a wide , open area as dreary and uninvite as any sewer , save for a flotilla of tiny boat illuminate by a scatter of multi-color lantern that answer the gloom with magic . holding they clasped paw up victoriously , django turn from remy to face the assemble crowd of rat . 65 . django my son ... have return ! a enormous cheer erupt . emile join django and remy as the clan crowd around they . remy 's joy be cloud with doubt ; what about he new life ? rat encampment - later a party be in full swing . the entire rat clan have come out to bop to boisterous music play by a jazzy rat band , kick down the jam in a unique gypsy / jitterbug dance style that take full advantage of they tail and all four leg . join by he son , django sit at a prime table . a waiter rat quickly serve a round of drink in well - wear thimble between they . emile and django suck theirs down . remy take a discreet whiff and set it aside . django and find someone to replace you for poison checker have be a disaster . nothing 's be poison , thank God , but it have not be easy . you do not make it easy . remy I know . I be sorry , dad . django well , the important thing be that you be home . remy yeah ... well , uh , about that ... django you look thin . why be that ? a shortage of food or a surplus of snobbery ? emile join in as django crack up at he own joke . django it 's tough out there in the big world all alone , be not it ? remy sure ... but , it 's not like I ’ma kid anymore . 66 . a well - wisher drop by to say hello to django . remy take advantage of the distraction to quickly deliver the bad news . remy I can take care of myself . I have find a nice spot not far away , so I will be able to visit often . django ( resume conversation ) nothing like a cold splash of reality to make you -- ( sudden realization ) -- " '' visit '' " ? remy I will , I promise . often . django you be not stay ? remy it 's not a big deal , dad . ( gently ) you do not think I be go to stay forever , do you ? eventually a bird 's gotta leave the nest . django we be not bird , we be rat . we do not leave nest , we make they bigger . remy maybe I be different kind of rat . django maybe you be not a rat at all . remy maybe that 's a good thing . emile ( try to break tension ) hey , the band 's really on tonight ! remy rat ! all we do be take , dad . I be tired of take . I want to make thing ! I want to add something to this world . 67 . django you be talk like a human . remy who be not as bad as you say . django oh yeah ? emile oh man ... django what make you so sure ? remy hesitates for a beat , suddenly careful . remy I have uh , be able to , uh , observe they at a close - ish sort of range . django yeah ? how close ? remy Close enough . and they be , y’know , not so bad . as you say . they be . django glare at remy , scrutinize he . django come with I ... I get something I want you to see . he move from the table , drop to all four and head off . reluctantly , remy do likewise , leave emile alone . emile you know ... I think I 'il stay here . kitchen - gusteaus restaurant - same time the sound of raindrop patter against the skylight . Skinner , bundle up in a well - tailore overcoat , throw a scarf around he neck . linguini tipsily hand he he beret . skinner make sure the floor and counter - top be clean before you lock up . linguini you want I to ... stay and clean ? 68 . skinner be that a problem ? linguini slump and drunkenly shake he head '' no '' . skinner good boy . see you tomorrow . Skinner exit , hum . linguini watch he go with weary eye . he turn to face the messy kitchen ... and wilt . paris STREET - night it 's raining harder now . django and remy arrive at a drain open , through which can be glimpse the rough cobblestone of a city street . django we be here . django scramble out the curb-side drain and turn to face the storefront behind they . remy sit next to he and look up , follow he father 's gaze . his jaw drop in horror . display in the window of the small shop be a variety of nasty look metal trap , rat trap to be precise , and along side of that hang row after row of dead rat . django take a good , long look , remy . this be what happen when a rat get a little too comfortable around human . remy look away . django 's tone be tender , but firm . django the world we live in belong to the enemy . we must live carefully . we look out for we own kind , remy . when all be say and do , we be all we have get . his point make , django turn to go . remy stare up at the horrible window , then softly say -- remy no . django ( stop in he track ) what ..? 69 . remy no , dad . I do not believe it . you be tell I that the future be -- can only be -- ( point at window ) -- more of this ? django this ... be the way thing be . you can not change nature . remy Change be nature , dad . the part that we can influence . and it start when we decide . with that , remy turn and -- walk upright on two leg -- start back to gusteau 's . django call after he . django where you goin 's ? remy with luck ... forward . outside back kitchen entrance - gusteau 's - morning the storm have pass and the sky be cloudless and clear . as a weary remy exit the sewer , the fresh air hit he nostril and he draw it in like a sweet memory . he exhales , renew and happy to be back in he brave new world . forgetting himself , he trot for the kitchen entrance on two leg , throw a reckless wave at a pass cyclist . the cyclist double - take , craning he neck to look at the bizarre sight -- and collide with a park car . kitchen - gusteaus restaurant remy enter and look around . no one have arrive yet . remy step on to the counter top and survey the kitchen , savore the day ahead . and then he hear the sound . snoring . he take cover and peer out . no one be there , but the snoring persist . he peer cautiously over the edge -- remy Pov -- as remy walk forward , revealing : 70 . linguini -- curl up on the floor and slumbering like a vagrant . remy look at the clock , realize with horror that the other be about to arrive . remy jump onto linguini 's head like a rough rider on a fall horse and -- expertly tugging hank of linguini 's hair , manage to get the boy up on he foot . but linguini remain fast asleep . remy lift one of linguini 's heavy eyelids and wave frantically at a stare eye -- but linguini be out cold . the SOUND of a motorcycle arrive at the rear entrance cause remy to look around in desperation . he spy a pair of sunglass near the cook 's locker . Colette enter , unpleasantly surprised to find linguini already at work . she cross to they station and start prep . remy have hide linguini 's shut eye behind sunglass , unintentionally give he the air of a smug rock STAR . though linguini remain fast asleep , remy pull he hair to keep the boy 's limb work somewhat convincingly . colette ( cool , formal ) good morning . intercut : under linguini 's toque / colette & linguini remy pull hair , nervously puppete the sleep linguini . how can he make linguini answer ? he pull a side hair hank -- -- cause linguini 's head to loll to Colette , give she a lazy nod , then turn back to he work . colette so . the chef . he invite you in for a drink ? that 's big ... that 's big . what do he say ? under linguini 's toque remy hesitates . there 's no hair he can pull for speech ! desperate , he pull the head - turn hair again . resume scene linguini 's head loll lazily back to Colette , the effect be a smug '' what do you think he say , babe ? '' 71 . colette what -- you can not tell I ? linguini be silent . he resume cut . Colette go cold . colette oh. forgive I for intrude on you deep , personal relationship with the chef . I see how it be . you get I to teach you a few kitchen trick to dazzle the boss , and then you blow past I ? under linguini 's toque thing be go bad fast . remy keep linguini chopping , hope desperately for a idea to salvage the situation . remy can ’mon . wake up ... wake up --! resume scene linguini keep chopping vegetable like a hip zombie . his smirk face roll in Colette 's direction . colette ( small , hurt ) I think you be different . I think you think I be different . I think -- now , seemingly look straight at she , linguini snore . Colette gasp and deliver a roundhouse slap to linguini 's face . linguini corkscrews and crash to the floor . linguini - - now completely awake and utterly confuse at the crucial chunk of he life he 's somehow miss -- look up at the furious Colette with wide eye . colette I do not have to help you . if I look out only for myself , I could have let you drow . but -- ( this be hard for she ) -- I want you to succeed . I like you . my mistake . 72 . Colette turn , storming out the kitchen 's back door . both linguini and remy - who peer out of linguini 's fall toque , watch he go . linguini turn to remy . linguini it 's over , Little chef . I can not do it any more . he grab the toque with remy inside and run after Colette . outside gusteau 's - alley behind kitchen - continuous Colette be already on she motorcycle . linguini run to she . linguini stop --! do not motorcycle away -- ( she atop , look at he ) look . I be no good with word . I be no good with food , either . at least not without you help . colette I hate false modesty . it 's just another way to lie . you have talent - linguini but I do not ! really ! it 's not I ! under linguini 's toque remy eye widen : this can not be happen . resume linguini & colette linguini ( cont 'd ) and when I add that extra ingredient instead of follow the recipe like you say -- that be not I either ! colette what do you mean ? linguini I mean I would not have do that . I would have follow the recipe , I would have follow you advice . I would have follow you advice to the end of the earth because I love -- you advice . 73 . colette but ... ? linguini but ... I have a secret . under linguini 's toque remy 's really get worried now . remy ( softly ) do not do it ... resume scene Colette 's eye narrow . she 's not like the sound of this . linguini it 's sort of disturbing . linguini chuckle sheepishly , then straighten as if to make a announcement , take a deep breath . linguini I have a rr ... aah -- uht ... colette what ...? linguini I have a rahh ... tsh - colette you have a rash ? linguini no ! no ... I have this tiny ... a little , uh ... little ... a -- ( quickly blurt it out ) - tiny chef who tell I what to do . colette a tiny chef . linguini yes ... yes , he 's ... uh , uhhhmmn ... ( point to toque ) ..- he 's up here -- 74 . colette in you brain . linguini why be it so hard to talk to you ?? ( gather courage ) okay . here we go . you -- inspire I . I be go to risk it all . I be go to risk look like the biggest idiot psycho you have ever see . Colette be start to get scared . we follow she hand as it drop discreetly into she bag and emerge clutching a tiny cannister of pepper spray . linguini continue , impassion . linguini ( cont 'd ) you wanna know why I be such a fast learner ? why I be such a great cook ? do not laugh ! I be go to show you -- Colette look worried . with great resolve and tremble hand , linguini slowly reach up to remove he toque -- inside linguini 's toque through the cloth remy watch linguini 's hand close in -- about to expose he and ruin it all ! he yank on linguini 's hair , thrust linguini forward toward Colette 's face -- on linguini -- as he plant a big kiss on Colette 's lip . Colette be freeze , pepper spray in hand , she shock and surprise surpass only by linguini 's own . inside linguini 's toque with furrow brow and gritt tooth , remy maintain linguini 's forward thrust kiss . this could go either way . intercut linguini & colette -- as they continue they startle kiss , they eye flash through a myriad of emotion ; surprise , fear , anger , vulnerability , happiness , and finally -- surrender . they arm wrap around each other . 75 . inside linguini ’'s toque remy collapse with relief . for the moment anyway , the fragile charade survive . inside ego 's office - late afternoon a very tall , very narrow room , simultaneously grand and claustrophobic . its soar window be frame by heavy velvet drape pull nearly shut , allow in only a thin sliver of pale light . the few piece of antique furniture in the room be equally tall , narrow , straight - back and uncomfortable look . the fade burgundy wall be decorate with frame photograph and magazine cover , precisely arrange around a massive portrait painting . they single subject , a tall , cadaverous man dress in a expensive suit ; anton ego -- -- the same Anton ego who now sit at a desk that be the room focal point , loom over a ancient typewriter like a vulture with better posture . the room lone door open , and a short , pudgy man in he mid - thirty enter . this be ego 's assistant , ambrister minion . ego what be it , ambrister ? minion gusteau 's . ego finally close be it ? minion no ... ego more financial trouble ? minion no , it 's -- ego ( lose patience ) -- announce a new line of microwave eggrole , what ? spit it out . 76 . minion -- it 's come back . it 's ... ( bewilder ) «+. popular . ego look up , eye flash . ego I have not review gusteau 's in year . minion no , Sir . ego pull open he file , deftly riffling through folder . ego my last review condemn it to the tourist trade . minion yes , Sir ... ego locate the review and pluck it from the file , read it aloud as if it be divinely inspire . ego I say -- ( read ) '' gusteau have finally find he rightful place in history , right alongside another , equally famous chef -- monsieur ' boyardee 's '' . minion touche 's ... rising from he desk , ego move menacingly toward minion . ego that be where I leave it . that be my last word . the last word . minion yes . ego then tell I , ambrister ... ego now loom over the cower minion . ego ( cont 'd ) «+. how could it be ... '' popular '' ? 77 . skinner 's office - day Skinner be seat at he desk , he head in he hand . talon sit in a chair across from he , sip a espresso . skinner no no no no no nooo ! talon ( matter of fact ) the DNA match , the timing work , everything check out . he be gusteau 's son . skinner this can not just -- happen ! the whole thing be a set-up ! the boy know ! Skinner go to he window , part the blind to the kitchen . skinner look at he out there ... pretend to be a idiot ! he 's toy with my mind , like a cat with a ball ! of ... something ! talon string ? skinner yes ! play dumb ! taunting I with that rat ! talon Rat ? skinner yes ! he 's consort with it ! deliberately try to make I think it 's important ! talon the rat . skinner exactly . the lawyer be watch Skinner now , eye wide with worry . talon ( delicately ) be the rat ... '' important '' ? 78 . skinner of course not ! he just want I to think that it be ! oh , I see the theatricality of it ; a rat appear on the boy 's first night , I order he to kill it and now he want I to see it everywhere -- woooccc0c0 -- ( snap finger wildly ) - it 's here , no it be not , it 's here ! be I see thing , be I crazy , be there a phantom rat or be there not ? but ohhh no ! I refuse to be suck into he little game ... of -- Skinner be suddenly aware that talon be stare at he . talon should I be concerned about this ? ( pointedly ) about you ? kitchen linguini / remy be cooking . as Colette walk by , linguini 's eye , then head start to follow she -- inside linguini 's toque remy wonder why linguini 's head have drift away from the task at hand . he look up : see Colette . Rolling he eye at linguini 's limited concentration , he pull linguini 's hair -- resume scene linguini 's head jerk face forward . he frown , annoyed at remy 's correction . Colette be cooking at the oven behind he now . and linguini 's eye have drift back to she .. .-- follow the curve of she leg slowly up ... to she face . she turn , catch he -- and smile . he smile back . inside linguini ’'s toque with wane patience , remy again jerk remy back on task . skinner 's office - same time Skinner pace back and forth in front of talon . 79 . skinner I can not fire he ! he 's get attention ! if I fire he now everyone will wonder why and the last thing I want be people look into this ! talon what be you so worried about ? be not it good to have the press ? be not it good to have gusteau 's name get headline ? skinner ( point at linguini photo ) not if they be over he face !! gusteau 's already have a face , and it 's fat and lovable and familiar ! and it sell burrito ! million and million of burrito ! talon the deadline pass in three day , then you can fire he whenever he cease to be a valuable . you be still in charge , and no one will ever know . talon prepare to leave , hesitates at the door -- talon you know , I be worried about the hair sample you give I . I have to send it back to the lab . skinner why ? talon because the first time it come back identify as '' rodent hair '' . talon shrug , chuckle and exit . Skinner stare , haunted . kitchen under remy 's direction , linguini reach for a spice . Colette interrupt , hand he another one . colette no , no . try this . it 's better . 80 . under the toque remy look at the offer spice , and scowl ; he beg to differ . as linguini reach to take the spice , remy pull back on he hair -- intercut : linguini & colette with remy linguini flinch , he hand hesitating ; withdraw then reach -- forward - back -forward - back . Colette watch this odd display , still hold the spice out . linguini grab the wrist of he reach hand , force it toward the spice , as -- --remy tug at linguini 's hair , direct he just as hard in the opposite direction . it 's a battle for control -- -- that linguini win ; he hand finally grab he spice tin . he smile at Colette . underneath the toque , remy grimace . alleyway behind kitchen - later the dinner rush finish , linguini and Colette exit the kitchen laugh and hold hand . she pull he aboard she motorcycle and they peel out into the young Paris night . paris street - traveling - night linguini and Colette laugh and scream as the wind rip by , linguini barely able to hang on to he toque and we realize -- --remy be still inside , holding on for dear life ! as Colette take a sharp turn , linguini drop he arm to steady himself - -- and he toque ( with remy inside ) fly off he head and tumble to the street ! daze , remy emerge from the batter toque to see Colette 's cycle disappear over the horizon ! car horn blare . remy turn to see a massive wall of traffic barrel toward he . he dive clear as car roar past , wheel screech and light flash in all direction as he madly scramble out of they way , finally make it to the curb . remy look up as a young woman recoil , jump back into she sweetheart arm . 81 . woman a rat ! her escort swat at remy with he coat . remy run , jump into a nearby STORM drain . inside the STORM drain remy tumble to the cement floor , he heart pound . through the grate he see the leg of the woman and she escort . woman ( 0.s. ) disgusting little creature ... remy listen , pain . he spy he reflection in a pool of water at this foot . he turn , slowly disappear into the sewer 's darkness . remy ( v.o. ) I be remind how fragile it all be . how the world really see I . and it just keep get better ... outside back entrance - gusteau 's - dawn remy emerge from the curb drain , turn into the alley behind gusteau 's and head up the back step ... emile ( 0.s. ) psst ! remy ... remy turn . emile peek out from behind the trash can , where he wait with a group of rat , include git , the lab rat . emile hey little brother ! we be afraid you be not gonna show up ! git other rat hey remy . howya doin 's ? ( assort greeting ) remy take emile aside , speak in a angry whisper . remy you tell they ? emile , that 's exactly what I say not to do ! 82. emile but they be my friend . I do not think you mean -- I be tell ‘em about taste , about the nutty tang and look , I be sorry . I be sorry - remy do not tell I you be sorry , tell they you be sorry - git have approach . git there a problem over here ? no . remy ( scowls at emile ) no , there be not . wait here . kitchen - moment later assure the kitchen food safe and grab door and pull . the remy be puzzle . he skinner 's office be empty , remy hop to door handle of the it with both arm , plant he foot on the handle do not budge , the door be locked . look toward skinner 's office . remy enter , a little nervous , and scamper up to Skinner 's desk . a frame black and white photo of gusteau speak . gusteau photo remy , what be you do in here ? remy emile show up -- I say not to , but he go and blab - it 's a disaster . anyway , they be hungry , the food safe be lock , I need the key . gusteau photo they want you to steal food ? remy yes . no -- it 's complicated . it 's family . they do not have you ideal - the collection of cardboard gusteau standee come to life : 83. texan gusteau ideal ? if chef Fancy pant have any ideal you think I have be hawkin’ barbecue over here ? mexican gusteau colonel gusteau or microwave burrito ? or tooth - I say , tooth - pickin’ Chicken ? s’about as french as a corn dawg ! the sketch of gusteau as a dog-like ear of corn bark . corn dog gusteau texan gusteau ( wave coming soon sign ) hah ! we be inventin’ new way woof ! rumming roon ! to sell out over here ! scottish gusteau gusteau photo will ye’ be wantin’ some I cannot control how they use haggis bite , then ? my image remy , I be dead ! remy will you guy shut up ?? ( they do , instantly ) I have gotta think ! remy climb over the edge of Skinner 's desk , push open the drawer , and begin to rummage through its content . remy ( cont 'd ) Word 's get out and if I can not keep they quiet ... the entire clan 's go to be after I with they mouth open and - ( he find the key ) -- ah ! here it be . hey ... remy notice a file label '' gusteau : last will & Testament '' . he turn to the gusteau portrait . remy .+- you will --! gusteau photo this use to be my office . remy pull the file from the drawer and lay it on the desk . remy this be interesting . mind if I --? gusteau photo not at all . 84 . remy flip open the file . there , alongside gusteau 's will , be recent press clipping feature linguini , and the letter to Skinner from linguini 's mother . remy '' linguini '' ..? why would linguini be file with you will ? music build as remy read ; he eye jump between the letter and the will , he eye get bigger until - - remy he's you son ??? gusteau I ... have a ... son ? remy yes . how could you not know this ?? gusteau ( defensive ) I be a figment of you imagination ! you do not know ! how could I ?? remy well , you son be the rightful owner of this restaurant ! skinner open the office door and freeze -- stunne by the bizarre sight of a rat on he desk top . remy snatch the documant in he mouth and run . outside back kitchen entrance - morning - continuous remy race out into the street . hot on he heel , Skinner run smack into lalo on a mope . before the mortify lalo can apologize Skinner be back on he foot . skinner no ... no --! the rat ! it 's steal my document ! it 's get away !! with a craze shriek , Skinner push lalo off the scooter , jump on and roar off down the street . paris street - continuous Skinner screech to a stop at the intersection , look around wildly for remy . he sight the document scamper through traffic and gun the motor , recklessly give chase . 85 . near the seine - moving with skinner close in on remy , Skinner reach down to snatch the document when the rat suddenly veer . Skinner 's moped plunge down a flight of step to the river , where it lay in a heap at the bottom . Skinner look up , see - — - remy -- look down at he from the balustrade , document still clutch in he mouth . remy laugh . a gust from a pass bus sweep the will from remy 's open jaw and high into the air , where it flutter out over the river 's edge . moving along the bank - continuous skinner see he chance . he clamber aboard the moped and take off after the will , dodging obstacle and passer - by to pursue from the bank below . remy chase it from the balustrade above , the letter still in he mouth . the will begin to descend , flitting toward Skinner below , who reach for it , he finger spread wide -- remy make two desperate leap ; from the balustrade to a tree , from the tree into the air just above Skinner where he -- intercept the will -- sailing toward the water and landing with a fwop on the canvas roof of a bateux mouche . remy can not believe he 's get both document again . neither can Skinner . he ditch the moped and leap to the deck of the seine boat . on the seine - moving between the boat remy , document in mouth , leap to another pass boat , Skinner still hot on he tail . a jam of water traffic keep this game alive , the two leaping from boat to boat , but the last leap , to a dine boat - be too far . remy try anyway ; launching into the air , the document in he mouth sweep back like wing and he -- -- catch a updraft ! he sail across the gulf , landing miraculously on the deck . Skinner crazily follow , make the leap of he life as he stretch out for the dining boat 's railing and -- 86 . -- fall short , grasp instead the tablecloth of a couple dining near the railing , which he yank out from under they breakfast like a inept magician as he -- -- plunge into the river . Skinner sputter in the middle of the seine as remy hop up to a bridge pass overhead , scamper safely away with Skinner 's papers . gusteau 's - skinner 's office - a hour later Skinner return to he office , soak and furious ... only to find linguini sit at he desk . skinner you ?? get out of my office . colette he 's not in you office . you be in he . Colette hold up gusteaus will . Skinner 's jaw drop . he look at linguini , who can only shrug with embarrassment . the front page of a newspaper --spin into a close up . above a photo of linguini , a deer - in - headlight look on he face , a headline read : rising STAR chef declare legal owner of gusteau 's inside skinner 's ( now linguini 's ) office - day linguini be surround by the other cook , who raise flute of champagne in a toast to they new owner . laugh , Colette and linguini hug . watch from the shadow , remy smile . montage series of shot , to music , illustrate ( a ) linguini 's rise , ( B ) Skinner 's fall , and ( C ) the happy change to gusteau 's. intercut : ( a ) various newspaper headline : '' linguini cancel frozen food '' '' gusteaus regains a lost STAR '' . linguini show remy they new , larger apartment . 87 . ( B ) a dishevel Skinner alternate between spying on gusteau 's ( look for the rat in the kitchen ) and stewing ( over the loss of he little empire , and the glow press coverage of linguini ) . ( C ) linguini and Colette raise the blind in Skinner 's old office , open it to light and a clear view of the Kitchen . in the alley behind the kitchen , the cook symbolically burn the gusteau standee create to promote Skinner 's hate frozen food line . all cheer as the flame rise higher . dine area - gusteau 's - early evening - day later flash pop . linguini sit at a table , pose for photo . several journalist hover nearby shouting question . reporter # 1 chef linguini ! chef linguini ! you rise have be meteoric , and yet you have no formal training . what be the secret to you genius ? inside linguini ’'s toque remy react to the question , look down at the head beneath he as if to say : " yeah smart guy , what be you secret ? '' resume scene linguini I be Auguste gusteau 's son . it 's in my blood , I guess . reporter # 3 but you be not aware of that fact until very recently -- linguini no ... reporter # 3 -- and it result in you take ownership of this restaurant . how do you find out ? on remy : his face say '' because I risk my neck '' . 88 . with linguini linguini some part of I just know ... ( lamely , try it out ) ... the gusteau part ...? under the toque remy tug a hair tuft , cause linguini to bop himself in the head with he fry pan . reporter # 1 where do you get you inspiration ? linguini inspiration ? again , remy prick up he ear . linguini inspiration have many name . mine be name Colette . remy what ? !! with linguini a outrage squeak erupt from inside linguini 's toque . linguini quickly muffle remy 's squeak with both hand as he set he toque down on the table . linguini suck on he tooth , make a squeaking sound . linguini ( cont 'd ) something stick in my tooth . office - ministry of health - day drab and cluttere . a batter telephone ring at the desk of nadar lessard , a bored bureaucrat . he turn from a pile of paperwork and answer . lessard Health Inspector . 89 . phone booth - across from gusteau 's - same time anxious , unshaven , and wrap in a trench coat that make he look vaguely like a pervert , Skinner speak into a pay phone as he stare at the line of dinner customer across the street , wait to enter gusteau 's . intercut as need . skinner I wish to report a rat infestation . it 's take over my restauran - - er -- gusteau 's restaurant --! lessard gusteau 's , eh? I can drop by . ( consult appointment log ) first open be ... three month . skinner it must happen now ! lessard monsieur , I have the information , if someone cancel I '11 slot you in . skinner but ... but the rat , it -- lessard hang up . Skinner listen to the dial tone , deflate . skinner -- steal my document ... kitchen - gusteaus restaurant horst look at the clock , scowl , and turn to Colette . horst it 's past open time . colette he should have finish a hour ago . she heave a annoyed sigh and head out to the dining area . dine area Colette enter the swirl of activity to confront linguini . he shoot she a cocky smile , offer she a glass of champagne . 90 . linguini bon jour , mon cherie . join we . we be talk about my inspiration - colette ( to journalist ) yes , he call it he '' tiny chef '' ... linguini muffle another squeak of protest from under he toque . he shoot Colette a reprimand look , lean in and say in a low , tight voice - linguini not that , dearest ... I mean you . just then the front door swing open , spilling cold light and air into the warmth of the restaurant . the press swing its attention to the tall , backlit spectre at the entrance , whisper he legendary name : '' ego '' . he glide through they without acknowledge they presence , and stop in front of linguini , who be still seat . ego you be monsieur linguini ? linguini uh , hello . ego pardon I for interrupt you ... premature celebration . but I think it only fair to give you a sport chance as you be new to this game . under the toque remy watch with fear and awe . linguini uh ... game ? ego yes . and you have be play with - out a opponent . which be , as you may have guess , against the rule . gl . resume scene linguini you be Anton ego . ego chuckle , turn to the gallery , a lion almost sympathetic toward the sacrificial lamb . ego you be slow for someone in the fast lane . linguini and you be thin for someone who like food . the lamb bite back . a murmur of surprised delight ripple through the assemble . ego 's eye flash . ego I do not '' like '' food , I love it . if I do not love it , I do not -- swallow . linguini swallows . Upper hand regain , ego sniff -- ego ( cont 'd ) I will return tomorrow night with high expectation . pray you do not disappoint I . ego turn and sweep out of the restaurant . there be a heavy pause . Colette turn to the assemble press . colette listen , we hate to be rude , but ... we be french . and it 's dinner time . she pull linguini from the table and head to the kitchen . he call back to the press in apology -- linguini she mean to say '' it 's dinner time , and we be french '' --! head chef 's office - moment later remy stand on the desk top , glower at linguini . 92 . linguini do not give I that look . you be distracting I in front of the press . how be I suppose to concentrate with you yanking my hair all the time ? linguini stick out he hand , offer remy a now familiar ramp to he post atop linguini 's head . remy shoot linguini a '' about time '' look , climb up he arm and under he toque . linguini and that 's another thing . you opinion be not the only one that matter here . Colette know how to cook too , you know -- under the toque the last straw . remy grab a hair hank and pull -- too hard . linguini ( cont 'd ) --- ow !! alright that 's it !! outside back kitchen entrance - dusk the door bang open , linguini storm out , mash he toque against he head , angrily shut the door behind he . he yank he toque off and get in remy 's tiny face -- linguini you take a break , little chef . I be not you puppet , and you be not my -- uh , puppet ... control ... guy . from the roof above skinner watch this strange scene , he jaw hang open ... skinner the rat be the cook ...! linguini you cool off and get you mind right , little chef . ego be come and I have gotta focus ! Skinner watch as linguini storm back into the kitchen . he exit , ducking down the fire escape . 93 . resume remy he 's furious . in a pint-size fit of rage he kick a can , then , totter under its weight , pick up a bottle to throw against the wall and suddenly find himself face to face with - --emile and he rat pal . emile wow . I have never see that before . git yeah ... it 's like you be he fluffy bunny or something . the other rat laugh . remy 's face go hard . emile I be sorry about all the guy , remy . I try to limit they , but -- remy you know what ? it 's okay . ( to group ) I have be selfish . you guy hungry ? ( rat respond eagerly ) dinner 's on I . we will go after close time . in fact -- ( to emile , evil grin ) -- tell dad to bring the whole clan . linguini 's apartment - night linguini return , call out in the darken apartment . linguini Little chef ...? he look in remy 's little sleep area , find it empty . kitchen - gusteau 's - night horst put the kitchen to bed . he pull on he coat and turn the light out . beat . a metal grate in the floor lift up , remy and django peek out . django this be great , son . a inside job . ( too loudly ) I see the appeal --! 94 . remy shhh ! remy climb out , look around , signal the coast be clear . a army of rat - a crack food theft unit - pour in after he , mobilize effectively to raid the vault as he open the door , when all of a sudden -- --linguini return to the kitchen . linguini Little chef ...? Little chef ? the clan rat instantly freeze , camouflage themselves . it be both amazing and precarious , any close look will betray the deception . remy step out , revealing himself to linguini . linguini hey , Little chef . I think you go back to the apartment . then when you be not there , I do not know , it do not seem right -- as linguini open up to remy , we cut to quick shot : visual gag of the rat clan hide in plain sight , desperate to avoid discovery . remy listen , distract . linguini ( cont ’d ) -- to leave thing the way we do so I come back , hope you have be here . and here you be . linguini be so absorb in he own feeling that he 's utterly blind to the fact that the food safe door be ajar , and that he 's catch the rat mid - heist . linguini ( cont 'd ) look . I do not want to fight . I have be under a lot of - you know , pressure . a lot have change in not very much time , you know . I be suddenly a gusteau and I gotta be a gusteau or you know , people will be disappointed . it 's weird ... inside the food safe : more quick shot rat hide ; up on the shelf , in egg carton , inside the hole in a wedge of swiss cheese , submerge in a open sack of coffee bean , leave only they tiny nose visible . 95 . emile hide in the center of a asparagus bunch hold together by a rubber band . his eye latch on to a juicy bunch of grape , which hang literally in front of he face . entice , he lean forward just enough to get he lip around the end of a single grape , and s-l - o- w- l-y suck it off the stem into he mouth , swallow it whole . mmmnn . he glance up : another grape beckon . emile lean for it -- linguini ( cont 'd ) ... I have never disappointed anyone before because nobody 's ever expect anything of I . and the only reason anyone expect anything from I now be ... because of you . remy listen to linguini , shame by he kind word . linguini I have not be fair to you . you have never fail I , and I should never forget that . inside the food safe emile , now stuff and lumpy with grape , eye the last remaining grape on the stem . balance on a cheese wheel , he lash the asparagus rubber band to the shelf and lean out over the edge , strain to reach the lone grape ... linguini ( cont 'd ) the most honorable friend a guy could ever ask -- the cheese wheel shift . emile lose he balance and fall , hit the floor spread-eagled . the cheese land on top of he , cause he bellyful of grape to machine gun from he mouth -- -- and hit the back of linguini 's neck . he turn -- see that the food safe door be OPEN . linguini ( cont 'd ) what be this ? what 's go on -- he pull open the door and flip the light on . the rat flee -- spilling from the shelf in a squeaking , fur cover wave that rush past linguini 's foot and out the open door . linguini ( to remy , betrayed ) you be steal from I ?? ( more ) 96 . linguini ( cont would ) how could you ? I think you be my friend , I trust you ! outside kitchen - rear entrance - continuous the door burst open and a flood of rat pour out the rear door into the alley , linguini behind they brandish a mop . linguini ( cont 'd ) get out ! you and all you rat buddy ! and do not come back ! or I will treat you the way restaurant be suppose to treat pest ! linguini duck back inside , slamming the door behind he . remy stare in silence , devastate by what he 's do . django and the rest of the rat clan emerge from the shadow , gather around the group include remy and emile . remy you be right , dad . who be I kid ? we be what we be . and we be rat . remy turn , unconsciously drop to four leg and walk slowly away , he voice distant and sad . remy well , he ’1ll leave soon ... and now you know how to get in . steal all you want . django you be not come ? remy I have lose my appetite . dine room - gusteaus restaurant - night strangely , linguini be dress as a waiter . he wait on a lone diner , whose face be hide behind a menu . linguini do you know what you would like , sir ? the menu lower , revealing ego . he grins , ravenous . ego yes ; I would like you heart , roast on a spit --! 97 . linguini be freeze in fear , he heart pound as ego 's cold chuckle turn into a roar -- inside head chef 's office - morning - continuous linguini awaken . someone be pounding be at he office door . linguini c--come ... come in !! the door open and Colette lean in , speak tenderly -- colette today be a big day . you should say something to they . linguini like what ...? colette you be the boss . inspire they . kitchen - minute later linguini place a step ladder at the front of the kitchen and stand on the top step . he clear he throat . linguini attention . attention everyone . the staff pause and turn they attention to linguini . linguini tonight be a big night . appetite be come and he 's go to have a big ego . ( stop , correct himself ) I mean ego . he 's come . the critic ? and he 's go to order . something . something from we menu . and we will have to cook it . unless he order something cold . like a salad . the cook exchange confuse glance . Colette wilt . this be not the inspiration she have in mind . outside rear kitchen entrance - gusteau 's - same moment remy be watch this through the kitchen window . he sigh . 98 . emile just can not leave it alone , can ya 's ? emile be by the trash . remy hop down and walk over to he . remy you really should not be here during restaurant hour , it 's not safe . emile I be hungry . and I do not need the inside food to be happy . the key , my friend , be to not be picky . observe ... emile lift the corner of a topple - over BOX , expose a chunk of cheese . emile chuckle , reach for the cheese -- remy no -- wait - — remy grab emile 's tail and pull he clear . a hinge drop , trapping remy inside a cage . emile rush to remy , panicked . emile oh no ! what 's 1ll we do ?! i’1l go get dad ! a shadow loom over they . emile quickly hide . skinner pick up the trap / cage , grin ear to ear . skinner you may think you be a chef , but you be still ... only a rat . kitchen —- same time the cook be sit now , bored out of they mind . linguini be still talk . linguini ( cont 'd ) - sure he take away a star last time he review this place . sure , it probably kill gust -- dad . lalo ( softly to himself ) oh , this be very bad juju here - o. linguini ( cont ’d ) but I 'il tell you one thing -- 99 . mustafa burst through the dining room door , interrupt -- mustafa ego be here . the air be suddenly suck from the room . the cook stand alert , frighten . sense what be need , Colette step up . colette arnot ego be just another customer . let 's cook ! a intent look sweep the face of the staff . with a burst of grunt , cry and hand clap they return to work . linguini ( a beat too late ) yeah --! let 's -- okay ... STREET near gusteau 's - moment later remy 's cage be set down inside the trunk of skinner 's car . remy look up at Skinner . skinner so ! I have in mind a simple arrange - ment ; you will create for I a new line of chef Skinner freeze food , and I , in return , will not kill you . remy startle , look aghast . laugh , Skinner slam shut the trunk and exit toward the restaurant . nearby , emile watch cautiously . skinner au revoir , rat ! gusteaus restaurant —- dine area - night mustafa draw a deep breath , gather courage . he turn and approach ego 's table . mustafa do you know what you have like this evening , sir ? ego lift he gaze to mustafa . 100 . ego yes , I think I do . after read a lot of overheate puffery about you new cook , you know what I be craving ? a little perspective . ego snap he menu shut and hand it to mustafa . ego that 's it . I have like some fresh , clear , well - seasoned perspective . can you suggest a good wine to go with that ? mustafa ( baffle ) with what , sir ? ego perspective . Fresh out , I take it ? mustafa uh ... I be sorry ? mustafa very well . since you be all out of perspective and no one else seem to have it in this bloody town , I nil make you a deal ; you provide the food , I 'il provide the perspective . which would go nicely with a bottle of cheval blanc 1947 . mustafa uhm ... I be afraid I - - I do not ... you dinner selection ...? ego jump to he foot , suddenly eye to eye with mustafa . ego tell you '' chef linguini '' that I want whatever he dare to serve to I . tell he to '' hit I with he best shot '' . mustafa scurries off . seat at a nearby table ( and disguise in a trenchcoat , sunglass and beret ) , skinner jerk he head toward ego and speak to he waiter -- skinner ( deep voice ) I will have whatever he be have . 101 . inside skinner 's car trunk remy sit in the corner of he cage , alone and defeat . the gusteau sprite appear . he study remy , speak quietly . gusteau so ... we have give up . remy why do you say that ? gusteau ( look around , shrug ) we be in a cage . Inside a car trunk . await a future in freeze food product . remy no , I be the one in a cage . I have give up . you ... be free . gusteau I be only as free as you imagine I to be . as you be . remy oh please . I be sick of pretend . I pretend to be a rat for my father . I pretend to be a human through linguini . I pretend you exist so I have someone to talk to ! you only tell I stuff I already know ! I know who I be ! why do I need you to tell I ? why do I need to pretend ? gusteau smile with affection and relief . gusteau ah , but you do not , remy ... he float to remy , put he hand squarely on the rat 's shoulder gusteau ( cont ’d ) ...- you never do . and with that , gusteau ... fade away . a loud thunk as something hit the street pavement outside . 102 . cathedral across from gusteau 's - dusk a stone gargoyle have just miss the trunk of Skinner 's car and shatter on the pavement . django , clearly annoyed , call to git the musclebound lab rat , who 's perch on the one gargoyle - less balustrade above . django no. my other leave ! git grunt , move to the next gargoyle and push -- inside skinner 's car trunk remy , alert and excited now , call out . remy dad ?!! wham ! -- the top of the trunk suddenly cave in from the second gargoyle 's impact . Light stream in as emile appear . remy emile ! django join emile as he grab the cage latch from the outside . strain with all they might , the three rat pop it open . remy jump out , give django and emile quick hug -- remy I love you guy . - then scramble out the trunk and take off toward gusteau 's . django where you go ?? remy ( call back ) back to the restaurant ! they 's 11l fail without I ! django why do you care ?? remy because I ’m a cook !! 103. inside kitchen - gusteau 's - same time chaos . temper be flaring , order be pile up and the kitchen be dissolve under linguini 's leadership . holding a pan fill with grey glop , horst confront linguini . horst it 's you recipe ! how can you not know you own recipe ?? linguini I do not write it down , it just -- come to I ! horst well make it come to you again , because we can not serve this !! mustafa where 's my order ?? LA rousse this be what they be order !! pompidou we can not be all out , we just open - colette we will make it . just tell we what you do ! horst we need to tell the customer something ! linguini can not we serve they something else ?? something I do not invent ?? linguini make they order something else !! tell they we be all out ! LA rousse I have another idea ; what if we serve they what they order ?? linguini I do not know what I do ! linguini ( hysteria building ) then tell they -- tell they -- augh !! linguini run into he office and slam the door close . LA rousse ( to lalo , beat ) '' rugh " ...? 104 . outside back kitchen entrance - gusteau 's - same time django and emile rush to stop remy as he head toward the kitchen door -- django emile remy ! they 'il see you ! stop ! -- but remy push they away long enough to get inside the doorway , expose himself to two cook . the other rat hide . colette he 's come far too fast ! could you do more with as little experience ?? horst we be not talk about I ! we be talk about what to do right n--! horst suddenly freeze -- he gaze fix on the back entrance . there , smack dab in the middle of the doorway , sit remy , as brash as a tiny gunslinger enter a saloon . colette raaaat !! instantly the other cook seize dangerous utencil and charge at remy . but remy doesn ’t move . suddenly , a voice shout -- linguini don't touch he !! miraculously , everyone stop , they weapon raise , they gaze shifting to linguini , who rush in front of the group . linguini I know this sound insane . but - well , the truth sound insane sometimes , but that do not mean it 's not . the truth . the cook exchange confuse glance . linguini and the truth be I have no talent at all . but this Rat ... he 's the one behind this recipe . he 's the cook . the real cook . Little chef ? the cook watch in amazement as remy hop onto he lower palm . linguini lift remy up to he head to demonstrate . 105 . linguini ( cont 'd ) he 's be hide under my toque . he choose the ingredient , the spice - — linguini pick up some spice lift they to remy 's nose . the other cook react ; this strange and familiar action of linguini 's be suddenly stranger than ever . linguini ( cont ’d ) -- he 's be control my action . remy give linguini 's hair a few tug to demonstrate , linguini 's limb move correspondingly . linguini ( cont 'd ) he 's the reason I can cook the food that 's exciting everyone , the reason ego be outside that door . you have be give I credit for he gift . I know it 's a hard thing to believe , but hey -- you believe I could cook , right ? linguini laugh . the cook stare . he look at they , earnest . linguini look . this work . it 's crazy , but it work . we can be the great restaurant in Paris . and this rat , this brilliant little chef can lead we there . whaddya say ? you with I ? for a moment no one move . then horst , tear welling up in he eye , cross to a grateful , move linguini and -- -- hand he he apron and toque ... exiting silently out the back door . linguini watch -- stunne -- as , one by one , the rest of the staff exit with he , leave only colette . Colette lock eye with linguini , both anger and tear welling up . her hand come up to slap he -- -- but do not . her hand just tremble , and finally drop to she side . she push past linguini and out the door . linguini look out at dining room : ego wait , drum he finger . soon the customer will get restless . linguini exchange a sad look with remy , shrink into he office , close the door behind he . 106 . paris street - moving with colette - night colette speed she motorcycle recklessly through the street , cry . a car horn blast . she startle , hit the brake and skid to a stop , nearly run the red light . she exhales , she heart racing at the close call . she look up . a familiar cookbook beckon from the display window of a use book store : gusteau 's '' anyone can cook '' . Colette stare at it , feel a pang of emotion . close on the cookbook . close on colette . behind she the traffic light turn green . wide shot : the traffic on either side of she begin to go . Colette sit atop she motorcycle -- motionless . resume gusteaus kitchen alone in the empty kitchen , remy face the dining room door , feel ego on the other side , wait . remy slowly turn away ... then realize that django be also there . remy dad --! ( he go to django ) dad , I -- I do not know what to say . django I be wrong about you friend . and about you . remy dad , I do not want you to think I be choose this over family . I can not choose between two halve of myself - django I be not talk about cooking . I be talk about gut . this really mean that much to you ? almost apologetically , remy nods . django sigh , then let out a loud whistle . the rat clan emerge from the shadow , quickly surround they . 107 . django we be not cook , but we be family . you tell we what to do and we will get it do . a door creak turn the rat attention to the back door where -- --the health inspector have just enter . his eye bug at the surreal sight : the kitchen be filled with rat . slowly , he back toward the exit ... and bolt ! remy stop that health inspector ! immediately django lead half the rat clan after the inspector , yell as he exit out the door . django delta team follow I ! the rest of you stay and help remy ! alley behind gusteau 's - inside inspector 's car the inspector jam he key into the ignition and turn . the engine will not turn over . he glance at the rear view mirror and see : a ground - level stampede of rat move out from the kitchen toward he . the rat engulf the car , cover it like a blanket . the engine come to life . tire squeal , smoking as the car roar from the alley in reverse and pull a 180 into the street , the rat cover it like a grey moss -- kitchen —- same time the dishwasher open with a whoosh of steam : dozen of rat emerge , they fur clean and fluffy . they disperse with swat team precision as remy bark order . remy team three will be handling fish , team four : roasted item , team five : grill , team six : sauce ! get to you station ! let 's go go go ! linguini emerge from he office and be astonished by the sight . remy and the rat see this be suddenly pause . linguini walk up to remy , suddenly fill with purpose . 108 . linguini we need someone to wait table . remy nods . CUT to : chef office linguini turn he backpack upside down . a pair of roller blade hit he desk with a clunk . dine area linguini , wear the blade and a waiter outfit , explode through the double door and sweep into the dining room , distribute menus to the diner with economical precision , follow miraculously by drink , bread , water . he arrive at Skinner 's table to refill he water . linguini no , I be sorry for any delay , but we be a little short tonight . Skinner glance at ego , who be scowling as he scribbles in a note pad . a big smile stretch across Skinner 's face . skinner please . take all the time you need . kitchen the kitchen be go like blaze ; rat be saute , spice , grill , cooking up a storm . remy , nearly overwhelm with the scale of production , be miraculously handle it . station at the pass , emile wipe the sauce of the edge of the plate with a cloth , the last crucial bit of quality control . tempted by the sauce , he try to sneak a lick . remy ( 0.s. ) emile emile ! ( stop himself ) sorry ! dine area - same time ego look impatiently at he watch , scribbles in he notepad . then he eye fall to the soup . he pull the bowl to he , dip a spoon in , tasting it . not bad ... 109 . kitchen the rat be function like a well - oile machine ; the perfectly prepare meal hit the pass as quickly as linguini can grab they . the back door push open to reveal : colette -- staggered by the bizarre spectacle . look like she may vomit , she wheel back to the exit , when linguini rush in , throw he arm around she . linguini Colette ! you come back . Colette , I -- colette don 's T say a word . if I think about it I might change my mind . just tell I what the rat want to cook . moment later remy flip through gusteau 's recipe box , find a certain card and pull it , show it to Colette . she frown . colette ratatouille ? it 's a peasant dish . be you sure you want to serve this to ego ? remy nods . Colette shrug and start to prepare the dish . a tire screech be follow by a loud crash outside . colette look up as the back door bang open : the health inspector , bound and gag , float across the floor on a cushion of rat , who quickly dump he in the food safe . Colette shrug , go with the strange night , and go to add the first spice to the ratatouille , but be block by a wooden spoon . she look up : see it 's hold by remy . colette what . I be make the ratatouille ... he look at the she ingredient and make a face . colette well , how would you prepare it ? remy pause , consider this . 110 . kitchen / dine area intercut : ( 1 ) remy reimagining the ratatouille ; re-invent it step by step and demonstrate what he want to Colette , who expertly follow through -- with ( 2 ) linguini skate around the dining room , a one -man wait staff . music crescendo as linguini deliver the meal to ego' table . linguini then serve the identical meal to Skinner , who 's appal and amused to find that ego have be serve -- skinner ratatouille ? they must be joke ... he look over at ego , who seem equally unimpress . on ego he poke a fork into the vegetable , examine they for a moment , then bring the food to he lip -- linguini watch , wither . as ego 's lip close around the ratatouille , the sound , the restaurant around he be whisked away -- flashback : french countryside - a lifetime ago we be inside a cozy cottage on a golden summer day . the front door be open , a newly crash bicycle lay on the ground outside . next to it stand a five year old anton ego with a skinned knee , valiantly hold back tear . his young mother turn from she cooking , and give he a sympathetic smile . like all mother , she know what to do . moment later Young ego , already feel better , be at a table . his mother touch he cheek and set a freshly make bowl of ratatouille before he , warm and invite . the boy take a spoonful into he mouth -- --and the present rush back -- ego be freeze . astounded . his pen slip from he hand . it clatter to the floor , break the spell . 111 . ego blink . his eye fall to he empty fork , which he hold suspend near he mouth . slowly a long - lose feel bloom inside he . he smile . and have another forkful . Skinner have see this . he look at he ratatouille and taste it . he 's stunne ; loving and hat it all at once -- skinner ( as he eat ) no ... no , it can not be ... kitchen Skinner burst through the double door . skinner who cook the ratatouille ?! I demand to know ! a kitchen full of rat all stop and look up at he . CUT to -- inside food safe Skinner , bound and gag , be toss roughly into the corner , where he land next to the equally bound and gag health inspector . they yell muffle protest as the door slam shut . dine area a long finger dab the last smear of remain sauce from the plate of ratatouille . we follow it to ego 's smile lip . he kiss the sauce off he finger tip and turn to linguini . ego I can not remember the last time I ask a waiter to give my compliment to the chef . and now I find myself in the extraordinary position of have my waiter be the chef ... linguini I be just you waiter tonight . ego then who do I thank for the meal ? linguini stare for a moment , wonder how to respond . 112. linguini Excuse I a minute . linguini skate to the kitchen door , where Colette have be watch from a distance . ego squint ; linguini and Colette be visible through the window panel in a heat discussion . linguini return to ego 's table , this time with Colette . ego ah , you must be the ch -- colette ( interrupt ) if you wish to meet the chef you will have to wait until all the other customer have go . taken aback by the unprecedented demand , ego acquiesce . ego so be it . Colette and linguini exchange a look . dissolve to : later . the restaurant have clear , save for ego , who wait with grim patience . linguini and Colette emerge from the kitchen and silently cross to ego 's table , linguini hold a toque upright on the flat of and outstretch hand . ego stare , he curiosity pique by this strange sight . linguini take a breath and lift up the toque , revealing remy sit up on the palm of he hand . remy ( v.o. ) at first , ego think it 's a joke , but as linguini explain , ego 's smile disappear ... a series of shot : Inside the rat-fill kitchen , linguini and remy demonstrate they unique work style to ego , first together , then with remy alone . Colette wither as ego stare at this in grim deadpan . remy ( v.o. ) he do not react beyond ask a occasional question . dine area linguini and Colette be now seat at a table opposite ego . remy sit on the table face ego , who occasionally glance down at he . finally ego get up , and bow slightly . 113 . remy ( v.o. ) and when the story be do , ego stand , thanks we for the meal -- ego thank you for the meal . remy ( v.o. , cont 's ) -- and leave without another word . ego' office - night in a series of shot ego be see pace , brood , stare out one of the enormous picture window flanking he portrait into the night , visibly unsettle ... remy ( v.o. ) the follow day he review appear ... ego ( v.0 . ) in many way the work of a critic be easy . we risk very little , yet enjoy a position over that who offer up they work and they selve to we judgement . we thrive on negative criticism , which be fun to write and to read . - until finally , he sit down at he desk and begin to write . ego ( v.0 . ) but , the bitter truth we critic must face be that , in the grand scheme of thing ... the average piece of junk be probably more meaningful than we criticism designate it so . but there be time when a critic truly risk something ... and that be in the discovery and defense of the new . montage : after close - night ( to dawn ) linguini and Colette emerge from gusteau 's kitchen into the brisk night air , remy with they , walk upright . no one know what to think . Colette and linguini hug anyway . 114 . ego ( v.0 . ) the world be often unkind to new talent , new creation . the new need friend . in the alley behind the kitchen , the strange human / rat alliance amicably part way and head to they respective home above and below the street of Paris . only remy stay behind , electing to take in the night and think . ego ( v.0 . ) last night I experience something new , a extraordinary meal from a singularly unexpected source . to say that both the meal and its maker have challenge my preconception about fine cooking , be a gross understatement -- they have rock I to my core . ego 's v.o. continue as we dissolve between linguini , colette , emile and django , and see that no one , rat or human - be able to sleep this night . ego ( v.o. , cont 'd ) in the past I have make no secret of my disdain for chef gusteau 's famous motto : '' anyone can cook '' . but I realize only now do I truly understand what he mean . not everyone can become a great artist , but a great artist can come from anywhere . montage conclude with remy stare at the eiffel Tower as the sky creep into dawn . ego ( v.uo. , cont ’d ) it be difficult to imagine more humble origin than that of the genius now cooking at gusteau 's , who be , in this critic 's opinion , nothing less than the finest chef in France . kitchen - gusteau 's - morning v.o. continue as a Colette & linguini read ego 's review -- ego ( v.0. , cont ’d ) I will be return to gusteau 's soon , hungry for more . 115 . Colette and linguini hug . gather with they in gusteau 's kitchen , remy & the rat clan cheer . remy ( v.o . ) it be a great night . the happiest of my life . but the only thing predictable about life be its -- shot : a bored worker for the ministry of health pastes '' close '' notice over the front door of gusteau 's. remy ( v.o. , cont ) -- unpredictability . we have to let Skinner and the health inspector loose , and of course they squeale . the food do not matter . once it get out there be rat in the kitchen , the restaurant be close and ego lose he job and he credibility . but do not feel too bad for he ... a bistro - day - the present in a tiny , warmly light room , a group of rat ( include django & emile ) be seat around a basket , which have be overturn and cover with a napkin to function as a table , listen as remy finish he story . remy ( cont 'd ) ..- he 's do very well as a small business investor . he seem very happy . seat next to remy , a teenage rat frown , skeptical . teen rat how do you know ? remy smile and point through the small window into the main dining room . there anton ego , whose face now have color and a few new pound , dine happily at a prime table . a small bell ring . remy glance down into the kitchen . Colette be look up at he , tapping she wristwatch . remy ( to other rat ) gotta go . dinner rush . he take off , jump into a counter - weight basket make especially for he . he 's quickly drop into the kitchen . 116 . bistro kitchen —- continuous the basket with remy drop to the counter and remy hop off . Colette set down a plate of remy 's now - famous ratatouille , leave the finish to remy . colette you know how he like it . remy nod and quickly , expertly finish the presentation . we follow linguini , now the maitre no , as he take the plate into the dining room and deliver it to ego . linguini can I interest you in a dessert this evening ? ego do not you always ? linguini which one would you like ? ego grin , turn toward the window in the kitchen door where remy be watch , and call out -- ego surprise I ...! remy signal ego in the affirmative and go off to create something delicious . camera pull away from this happy scene to reveal -- --a bistro jamme with open-minded foody ; a hip , culture mixture of bohemian of all age ... all there to enjoy good food and life . camera continue out the window and we be -- outside the bistro - paris - dusk a long line of customer have form outside , wait to get in . a elegant metal sign come into view , feature a rat wear a chef 's toque , along with the bistro 's name -- fine 's ( the end ) .