ready player one current revision by Zak Penn previous draft by Eric eason and Ernest cline base on the novel ready player one by Ernest cline ext . central park - night - the oasis we open on bethesda fountain in the heart of New York 's Central Park , then we pull up and away , hurtle backwards over the city until we come to rest in time square , which have be block off for a epic STREET race . ext . time square - night huge crowd line the street , cheer on twenty exotic vehicle wait at the start line . a motorbike straight from Road warrior idle on the outside lane . most of the other racer be in stock car , every driver wear the same helmet . this be sixer , we will get back to they later . intersperse with the sixer be vehicle of every variety . and when I say every variety I mean that some of they be car , and some of they be hover craft , and one of they be a blimp with a jet engine on it . they driver be every size , shape and color , too . they be call gunter . that too will be on the quiz . the closer we get to the West side of 7th Avenue , the more gunter there be . the second to last car be probably the most bad - ass of the lot , a replica of deckard 's spinner from blade runner . aech , a handsome guy with the shoulder of a linebacker , check the oversize engine strapped to the roof . parzival ( 0.s. ) lemme guess - mario kart ? he turn to see parzival , stand beside he vintage delorean , literally the car from back to the future . he 's nineteen year old , good -look and fit . aech no . design it myself , actually . bad ass , right ? parzival it 's very nintendo . they friendly rivalry require busting on each other constantly . aech better than you p.o.s. level 4 skin over a level 1 frame . parzival weird that I be still gonna outrace you . what do that say ? aech it say you be delusional , Z. I be in the two spot . no way you get farther . parzival let 's see who make it past 57th . a siren signal the driver to get in they car . parzival make a fist , aech return the salute . parzival ( cont 'd ) first to the key . aech first to the egg . and they get in they car . ext . seventh avenue a gunshot start the race and the car roar onto seventh Avenue . almost immediately , a eighteen wheeler run a red light and a third of the car ram right into it . and they literally explode . just like that . boom , half the car be incinerate . nobody bat a eye or stop cheer . in the delorean parzival stomp on the accelerator , chase aech 's dust . Cars bump and jockey for position , but parzival be careful to avoid all of they , steering with tremendous precision . on 44th STREET Metal wall suddenly pop up from the street , incongruously and with pretty much no logic to they placement . more of the sixer vehicle crash or spin out . aech have already pass they , and parzival simply veer through the debris . parzival dumbass . you do not start from the outside lane . he catch up with aech , and , as they hang a left on 45th street , he cut past he on the inside . parzival 's win . for now . ext . CITY street - continuous parzival hang a right on 8th Avenue and put the pedal to the floor . on every block , a different obstacle emerge , and each time another driver be take out . sinkhole open at 47th street , a maniac with a flamethrower spray the intersection at 50th street , and at 54th street ... a t-rex stomp out into the street and parzival nimbly swerve between its leg , just as its massive jaw pop the blimp . it 's not you typical street race . ext . 57th STREET —- continuous parzival turn right at 57th to get back over to seventh Avenue , and now aech suddenly bomb out of nowhere and pass he . he flip parzival the bird as he make a leave back onto seventh . parzival settles in behind he . up ahead , a few block away , be central park . but before that be 58th street . the whole block be in a exaggerated state of construction , like a obstacle course , lead up to a collapsing crane . it 's all a matter of timing and angle to get past the collapse crane , and aech try to take it as sharp and as fast as he can . he clear the fall crane , but he 's go too fast . he skid out , and he car flip over . a moment later , parzival drift past he , go just a bit slower . his delorean skid , but he make the turn . parzival yes ! half a mile ahead -- a cement truck be back up , narrowing the space parzival can drive through . he gun the engine , try to get over fast enough to get past the truck before it seal he off ... but he 's too late . the delorean slam into the truck , which explode with wet cement . aech approach the smoking , cement - cover delorean , as parzival climb out through its dent gull - wing door . parzival ( cont 'd ) really think I be gonna make it . aech I be tell you , it 's rig . parzival dude , do not go there . aech no other explanation . they conversation be interrupt by the roar of a engine . they turn to see the road warrior motorbike zoom past they , seemingly head straight for the truck , which now have the street completely block off . aech ( cont 'd ) this should be ugly . the motorbike suddenly veer off the street and into the construction zone . it plow over cone , then hit a stretch of broken sidewalk , one piece angle up , and ramp off it ... jumping the truck ! aech and parzival exchange a glance , then chase after the motorbike . ext . central park - day the road warrior bike speed towards camera , fifty yard away from the park entrance . the driver be stoic , completely focus , absolutely determine to make it , and that 's when ... a meteor ( yes , I be serious , a meteor ) plunge from the sky and slam into the street . the rider have to bail out as the bike slam into the smoking rock and explode . ext . central park —- continuous parzival and aech run up to the wreckage . the rider emerge from the smoke , whipping off she helmet , revealing ... artemis a meteor ?! seriously ? aech and parzival gape at a woman in she early twenty ; raven hair , big hazel eye , round cheekbone and a perpetual smirk . she hurl her helmet at the meteor . it too explode . aech you almost make the park , you realize how huge that be ? artemis do I have the key ? no. not huge . parzival ( star strike ) hey . you be artemis ! artemis yeah , I know . she walk past they . parzival , stare , have lose whatever sense of cool he seem to possess . parzival I love you . I mean ... we love you . aech ( interrupt ) what he mean be , we be big fan . we have read you stuff , see you channel ... parzival you should come with we ! artemis ( to aech ) he always like this ? aech no. ( to Z , under he breath ) dude , act like you have meet a girl before . parzival I just mean ... to talk about halliday , and the Egg . and the race . artemis you guy be gunter ? I mean , serious , not just jerk off on the weekend ...? parzival not jerk off on weekend at all . aech my socially inept friend here be the first to 49th , first to 55th ... artemis wait a minute ... you be parzival . parzival yeah , I know . artemis smile , touche . she turn to aech . artemis so where be you place anyway ? int . aech 's basement - oasis a suburban rec room , circa the early 1980' . Movie and comic book poster cover the wood - panele wall . a vintage rca television be hook up to a betamax , a laserdisc player , and several vintage videogame console , most prominently a atari 2600 . artemis wow . aech lead artemis in , parzival right behind . parzival show she the workshop . aech , ahead of he , kick open the door to what should be a closet ... artemis' Pov -- a enormous workshop / garage completely out of proportion to the room , aech 's garage be a enormous space fill with exotic vehicle , include replica of the batmobile , pee weea bicycle , and most impressively ... a unfinish replica of a familiar giant robot . artemis be that ... aech the Iron giant ? yeah , just get the commission for it . no big deal . artemis check out the surface of the enormous , stylize robot . the unfinish part of it be still a 3d grid . parzival aech 's work be top rate on the modboard . aech ( shrugging ) it 's mostly about get the right skin , what you can license , you know ? like matrix , matrix kid , forget it , but Star Wars , Marvel , Dark knight , the classic ridley scott ... artemis Golden Age spielberg ? aech pre-jurassic be a bitch . artemis always want the mothership from Close encounter . aech yeah , tough to find . parzival tough to park . artemis laugh . parzival light up . artemis never think of that . aech oh , yeah , handle be a issue . I mean you can not build a giant robot and have it ride like a buick regal . artemis buick ... ? parzival a shitty car from halliday 's time . artemis right . aech pull the door shut . Music come up ... temptation , by new order , the original factus 8 version , not the remix ... int . aech 's basement artemis bop around the room check the place out . she come to the halliday wall , which be load with memorabilia . ( and no , we do not know who he be yet , but we be get there . ) artemis whoa , great collection here . most prominently , the classic magazine cover from JANUARY 7 , 2040 , the day halliday die . it 's the photo of he in fade jeans and a vintage Space invader T-shirt , the headline rip jame halliday , 1972-2040 . aech so you be check my private gunter stash - where 's the quid pro quo ? ( off she look ) the jump . artemis debate whether or not to tell they . artemis the sidewalk be crack . have to be a reason , there always be with halliday . aech exactly . that 's what I have be say . parzival please , not the '' theory '' again ... artemis '' Theory '' ? aech the challenge be unwinnable . it 's design to drive we nut . parzival halliday would not do that . artemis maybe he just make a mistake ? I mean , there be no one to bug test it . aech no way , he never make mistake . parzival well ... not totally true . they both turn to look at he . parzival ( cont 'd ) he once screw up a level of flunkie sprat Three . artemis wow , that be some seriously deep cut triv , Z . I gotta admit , you be as hardcore a halliday nerd as anyone I have ever meet . parzival blushes a bit . aech notice this . aech we be gunter . '' first to the key ... '' parzival '' , .. first to the egg . '' she look from parzival to aech , size they up . artemis so how come you guy be not ina clan ? parzival shake he head . aech thank you , I have tell he a million time we would be better off work together . but Z think the only way someone win be solo . artemis tell that to ioi and the sixer . 10 . parzival ( quickly ) they will not win . halliday will not let they . artemis he 's dead , dude . parzival the Oasis be he baby . he would not set it up for some corporate borg - spawn . aech ( aside , to artemis ) he get a little touchy about the whole halliday thing , think they have some sort of bond . parzival no , that 's not ... I just think I understand the guy , maybe because ... alice ( 0.s. ) WADE ! parzival be interrupt by a disembody voice that echoe out over the room , though only he seem to hear it . artemis because why ? alice ( 0.s. ) Wade ! have you see my glove ? parzival oh , crap . artemis look at he quizzically . parzival ( cont 'd ) sorry , it be awesome meeting you . gotta split . and with that , parzival suddenly disappear ... CUT to : int . cargo van - the real world and now we see WADE watt , the '' real '' parzival , in the real world . 11 . he 's inside a 80 's vintage van with fogge over window , wear a haptic visor , which he quickly pull off . '' parzival '' be a idealize version of Wade , in reality he be shy and gangly , sport wear corduroy and a baggy sweater . and a pair of i0i - brand haptic glove . alice ( 0.s. ) they be not on my desk . where they should be . the conversation with he aunt switch from the visor to a mobile headset the size of a dime on he earlobe . Wade tuck the glove into a backpack and scramble out of the van , push past box of bust laptop , computer part and old car battery . ext . cargo van - night the van be bury under other junked vehicle , arrange perfectly so it 's hide from the outside world . Wade lock the door behind he , keep the conversation go . WADE why would I take you glove ? alice ( 0.s. ) because you spend every waking moment in the Oasis and you do not have you own . ext . junkpile - night Wade emerge from the mound of old car into a empty playground . he check to make sure no one see he come out of he secret hideout , then keep move . alice ( 0.s. ) where be you , anyway ? WADE I be out with some friend . alice ( 0.s. ) you do not have any friend . ext . portland avenue stack - night Wade have now arrive at he destination : the stack . 12 . dozen of mobile home stack on top of each other , connect by a makeshift network of recycle pipe , girder , and support beam . there be a dozen stack in all , the future 's version of suburban tract housing . WADE I actually just meet someone I really like . alice ( 0.s. ) a real person ? WADE funny . the lower trailer -- and other empty wall space -- be punctuate with the occasional bit of political graffiti . most of the reference be to '' ioi '' , a organization that seem particularly unpopular with people who like write slogan on wall . as he run through the street , he pass two kid wear '' reb '' t-shirt ; a picture of a leader call '' jc3 '' in the same vein as che guevara . they take potshot at overhead ioi delivery drone with air rifle . they wing one of the drone which sputter and fall , almost hit a stray dog . Wade mute he headset for a moment as he hustle past they . WADE ( cont 'd ) what the hell , guy ? reb ioi , brah . gotta stop ‘em . WADE by shoot someone 's tube sock out of the sky ? reb stuff it in you suckchute , loser . WADE ( to himself ) suckchute , that 's new . alice ( 0.s. ) still need my glove , Wade . Wade jump up and grab on to the skeletal metal structure that keep the whole stack in place . he start climbing . 13 . ext . WADE 's stack - night we follow Wade as he scramble up the outside of the stack . the climb grow increasingly perilous as he go . physically , Wade 's no specimen , but this be one thing in the real world that he be actually good at . WADE just remember where they be . he finally reach he unit . he peer through the bathroom window , then climb through it . int . WADE 's home - bathroom - night in the pitch dark bathroom , Wade crack the door and can now see he aunt alice , 30 's and haggard in a meth -y kind of way , stand in the live room . WADE they be in the kitchen . on top of the fridge . Alice turn to look at the kitchen , away from Wade . when she start to walk in that direction , Wade make he move . int . WADE be home - live room - night Wade dash into the messy , cramped live room . he quickly stashes the glove under the couch cushion , then walk as quietly as he can to the front door . Alice , annoyed , pace back into the live room ... alice ( into headset ) I can not be late again . ++. just as Wade walk in through the front door . WADE they be right there , Alice . he point to the glove , stick out from under the couch cushion . WADE ( cont 'd ) see ? I do not have they . Alice , slightly chasten , take the glove from he , then settles into a recliner . 14 . rick ( 0.s. ) that be bull pucky , amigo . a flush from the bathroom as rick , Alice 's white trash boyfriend , walk into the live room . Wade grimace , realize ... WADE you be in there when ... rick fell asleep , it be a long one . ( to Alice ) this lie bastard have the glove . Rick continue past they and into the kitchen . Alice glare at Wade . alice damnit Wade , bad enough you do not have a job without screwing up mine . now you can not use ‘em at all . WADE what ? but I ... Alice wave he away , slip on she ioi gear . she speak into she official ioi headset and wave she hand awkwardly . alice ( into headset ) ( monotone ) this way , please ... Wade glare at Rick , now tug on a beer . Rick shrug . int . wade's bedroom - night Wade enter the tiny slice of the unit he call he room . outside he window , like a cruel taunt , be a giant billboard advertising a shaptic @ brand haptic bootsuit , a totally badass immersion rig for log in to the Oasis . the billboard advertisement read '' log in ! '' and feature a muscular guy modeling a suit that promise '' total interface '' and '' Real -time neuromuscular response ! '' hold on Wade , stare up at that ad . 15 . int . WADE 's house - the next day ( real world ) Wade wake up , wipe the sleep from he eye . it might be from spend too much time in the Oasis , but there 's a moment of hopefulness , like maybe he 's someplace awesome ... but nope , same crappy apartment , same billboard taunting he . int . WADE 's house - morning Wade pour himself a bowl of cereal and milk water ( milk - flavor water ) . from the kitchen table , through a open door , Wade can see into he aunt 's bedroom . Alice be pass out from a long night of work , Rick lie asleep on top of she , drool . Wade cringe . close on -- the haptic glove and visor sit on Alice 's desk . they be yanked out of frame -- int . cargo van - day ( real world ) back in he hideout , Wade slip he visor on , then log in . he see the last three word anyone see before leave the real world for the Oasis : ready player one ext . CITY STREET -- the oasis incipio , the MAIN planet of the Oasis , be a giant city fill with every building or structure , real or fictional , you can possibly imagine . WADE ( v.o. ) when halliday first build the Oasis , it be a open-world , massively - multiplayer online game . over time it grow into way more than that . parzival suddenly appear , mid stride . he pass the eiffel Tower next to the Taj Mahal , with exxon / wholefood corporate headquarters jamme between they . WADE ( v.o. ) one of he biggest idea be tie you avatar into you DNA , use they proprietary software . one account per person , no exception . ( more ) 16 . WADE ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) everyone start equal in the Oasis . and it be free . parzival open he hud , he '' head up display '' which appear as a seamless interface with the world around he . he have gamer attribute -- speed , strength , magic , AIM -- and a inventory for weapon , spell , and vehicle . WADE ( v.0o . ) you avatar be fully upgradeable , but that take experience . and money . the delorean be in there , currently mark '' damage '' . the price to fix it be 5,000 gold coin . his account have a balance of 4,560 . parzival ( use a voice command ) locate aech . a image of aech come up ; like the graphic over any sport broadcast , he avatar move and pose and wink . '' locating ... '' appear . Wade continue on he way , pass through what look like the heart of the city . off to he right be the main gregarious game headquarters , a gleam , castle - like tower . WADE ( v.o. ) once the Oasis take off , halliday ' 's partner Ogden morrow get push out . since halliday die , no one know exactly who run the Oasis anymore . but a good guess ? just down the block from gregarious be ioi headquarters , a massive , corporate monstrosity . WADE ( v.o. ) ioi , innovative Online industry . they build the haptic gear . the glove , the visor ... int . WADE 's hideout - the real world Wade lie in he haptic rig , a series of quick cut of the ioi logo , on Wade 's glove , visor , the boot ... ioi have they name on everything . 17 . ext . incipio ( oasis ) back in incipio ... WADE ( v.o. ) which mean they control most people 's access to the Oasis . parzival check he hud , aech be still be '' locate '' . WADE ( v.o . ) halliday keep ioi in line . but now ? well if you ask the rebel , ioi 's plan be to turn the Oasis into a hellish place where rule be numerous and always follow . aech ( 0.s. ) s'up , Z ? aech now appear in a window in a close - up , clearly real time footage . wherever he be it 's loud and dusty , and burst of smoke and gunfire make it difficult to see and hear . parzival what the hell be you do ? aech I be try to win the musket of infinite velocity . WADE ( v.o . ) but people love the Oasis ' cause it be free . at least in spirit , you could do anything . the camera suddenly take off , shoot away from parzival ... ext . outer space -- and into outer space . WADE ( v.o. ) halliday build a entire universe , something for everyone ... we shoot across the galaxy , pass countless planet ... one of they seem to be a huge spacecraft , impossibly large . but as we pass it we see that it be the letter '' S " '' , float in space . the rest of the word be so big we can not make it out from this perspective . 18 . WADE ( v.o. ) which be how you end up with a place like Planet doom . we approach a planet that seem to have beautiful and elaborate weather system swirl around it . as we get closer , we realize that the '' weather '' be actually explosion , from a never-end war . WADE ( v.o . ) the first gamer in the Oasis walk around blow each other away right in front of everyone else . halliday realize he need to draw some boundary . he divide the Oasis into combat zone , or pvp , and non-combat zone . as we descend from the atmosphere , we pass over '' the Dark side '' of Planet doom , which be seal off from the war zone by a giant wall know as anorak 's fence . WADE ( v.o . ) he migrate all the most violent first person shooter to one planet . one giant pvp zone . ext . appomattox ( oasis ) we swoop in from the atmosphere to reveal a perfectly render vision of the battle of appomattox , with some small change . parzival ( 0.s. ) who you up against ? mix in with the soldier be a bunch of avatar that be way out of context . aech the South . but also alien . and the Roman legion , I think . aech be on the Union side , a musket with one hand , and a futuristic blaster in the other . parzival think I might have figure something out . wanna swing by the journal and take another run at the key ? aech wish I could . 19 . as he move across the field , aech shoot a alien with he musket , then a confederate soldier with he blaster . as they explode , they coin shower to the ground . a vacuum tube on aech 's shoulder suck they right into he inventory . aech ( cont 'd ) this sesh have get another five hour , minimum . damnit ! aech just get winge in the rib by a enchant arrow . WADE ( v.o. ) aech be my best friend in the Oasis , probably my best friend period , even though I would never meet he . aech launch himself into the fray , rack up kill . WADE ( v.o. ) he also have a lot of stuff , include a dope spaceship . so I be always hit he up for ride . ext . incipio street - the oasis aech 's window disappear , so parzival toggle he hud to navigation . parzival ( voice command ) memoir-opolis . a pathway suddenly light up in front of he , show he the path to take . WADE ( v.o. ) the Oasis be like the real world in that respect ; the more money you have , the more stuff you get , and the more stuff , the easier it be to get around , and thus get even more stuff . Wade head towards a train station . the train track head up and off the planet . WADE ( v.o. ) I think that 's why halliday 's challenge be such a big deal . it be not just the money . ( more ) 20 . WADE ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) for someone like I , it be the chance to go from peasant to king in a heartbeat . Wade take a seat on a bench at the train station , wait for he ride . WADE ( v.o. ) like everyone else , I remember exactly where I be the day the contest be announce ... the day James halliday die . flashback to -- int . ludus -- oasis a giant , virtual classroom . parzival be one of a thousand avatar sit and listen to a virtual albert einstein teach they rudimentary science . suddenly , everyone in the room get a alert ... jame halliday , dead at 62 . int . apartment - day -- the real world WADE , 13 year old , rip he early - iteration headset off . his eye fill with tear . he be in he cozy childhood home . there be box everywhere , the family have just move in . in the background , he father paint the live room wall while he mother cook dinner . when she see she boy cry , she run over to comfort he . despite the tragedy , clearly this be happier time for Wade . ext . funeral parlor ( oasis ) at a funeral parlor , people dress in black mourn before a open casket ... the body inside be jame halliday , shiny quarter cover each of he eyelid . WADE ( v.o. ) but it be not he death that change everything . it be he will . 21 . in the casket -- halliday 's avatar suddenly sit upright and begin talk to camera . halliday hello . I be James halliday . if you be watch this , I be dead . he snap he finger and a scroll appear in he hand . he unfurl it to the floor and begin read aloud ... halliday ( cont 'd ) I , James donovan halliday , do hereby declare this to be my last will and testament ... a caption at the bottom of the screen read : '' halliday 's announcement " ( archival footage property of ggs ) int . anorakak castle ( oasis ) now halliday appear inside a castle as anorak , he avatar , a tall , robe wizard with a slightly more handsome version of halliday 's face . anorak before I die , I create my own Easter egg , and hide it somewhere inside the oasis . the first person to find the egg will inherit my entire fortune and earn complete control of the Oasis . a simple rhyme appear as a subtitle in front of halliday as he speak . halliday Three hide key open three secret gate / wherein the errant will be test for worthy trait / and that with the skill to survive this strait / will reach the end where the prize await . now here be the clue for the first key ... ext . train ( oasis ) parzival board a high -speed train . his hud image of credit appear and be lighten by 10 coin . everything in the Oasis cost something . 22 . he take a seat next to two ridiculously proportion women who chat loudly . parzival mute they . WADE ( v.o. ) the corporate overlord at ioi be not as excited about the contest . ext . columbus , the real world -- push in on three sleek skyscraper in gleam downtown Columbus , Ohio in the shape of the letter ioi . WADE ( v.o. ) the think of new ownership terrify they . int . ioi headquarters Inside the building , a sea of worker in row of haptic deck . a buzzing hive of activity ; like a trading firm , all work to solve anorak 's challenge . WADE ( v.o. ) they start they own division of egg hunter . we see all of the ioi employees avatar have the same default outfit and instead of name , number . all of they start with a '' six '' . WADE ( v.o. ) we call they '' sixer '' ' cause that 's the rule , no name , just number . they put this kardash name nolan sorrento in charge . a interview -- with a slick , ambitious guy in he forty who be clearly try to burnish he image . a chyron read nolan sorrento , executive vp , ioi . WADE ( v.o. ) sorrento be the lead sixer . the face of ioi 's team . the program cut to sorrento give a tour of he lavish home , try to show a more human side . sorrento I love game . I love be inside the Oasis . 23 . despite the fact that he whole house be luxurious , he rig be particularly ostentatious : a rotate full body 3d immersive haptic interface , like a hamster ball . sorrento ( cont 'd ) the one luxury I spoil myself with be the best haptic immersion rig money can buy . we see b-roll of he enormous house , he attractive family . his admittedly cute dog . WADE ( v.o. ) despite the charm offensive , sorrento be a scary dude . he make he bone in ioi 's security and adjustment division . ext . columbus suburb -- flashback a young nolan sorrento lead a team of jack - boot ioi thug as they break down someone 's door . a ten year old girl with a distinctive birthmark watch as sorrento read off a list of debt to she father , then have he drag out of the house . the girl run after she father , sorrento stick out he foot and trip her . WADE ( v.o. ) now he be in charge of ioi 's egg hunt , but you could tell he heart be not in it . int . sorrento 's home sorrento 's interview continue ... sorrento at ioi , we love hunt for the egg , it 's part of what make the Oasis so fun . it 's the least convincing expression of enthusiasm ever . ext . incipio ( oasis ) the train rocket up and out of the city , impossibly fast . 24 . WADE ( v.o. ) the first clue be easy , some long - forget gunter crack it ina week . but the challenge -- the race through Times Square -- be incredibly hard . the train arrive at he stop , one of the many moon of incipio . a sign at the station read : memoir-opolis . WADE five year go by and no one come close to beat it . most people give up . the sixer could not , they have no choice . the rest of we , the gunter , as in '' egg hunter '' ... well , we do not have a excuse . we just have a dream . ext . oasis -- memoir-opolis parzival stroll down a street line with what look like home , but be actually a row of '' memory palace '' , basically auto-biography represent in tangible form . WADE ( v.o. ) at this point , you be probably wonder why a nobody , I , be tell you he life story . the '' title '' of this '' book '' float in front of the memory palace in various font . as this be prime real estate , they be mostly people anyone from 2044 would know . mogul -- the maddox jolie pitt story the unabridged letter of skrillex jarichard cheney iv , my life as a rebel -- yes , Dick Cheney 's grandson be the dreadlock , blunt - smoking leader of the reb , know as jrc . that be he on the kid 's t-shirt earlier . WADE ( v.o. ) Point be this ; I tell my story cause that 's what halliday do . he know we life would be memorialize in the Oasis , and people like I would want to know . parzival pass '' ogden morrow , my life so far '' . 25 . finally he come to the building he 's look for ; halliday 's S journal . WADE ( v.o. ) and if that seem grandiose on my part , if this seem like some rand - of day in the life of some rand - of nobody , it 's not . this be the day I stop be a nobody . int . halliday 's journal - oasis parzival enter a large lobby with many door , each of they head into a different part of halliday 's life . the historian , a doddering npc with a attitude , suddenly appear before he . ( a npc be a bot , a ai ) . historian parzival . how shocking to see you here . parzival what 's up , not -real but sarcastic program ? historian so , halliday 's childhood again ? comb through he vhs library ? chew up my valuable search time ? parzival Nah , today I need to check out something pretty obscure . halliday 's one mistake . the historian raise a eyebrow , intrigue . historian his mistake . flunkie sprat Three ? parzival ( nod ) yeah . this girl say something to I , I have be think about it all day . historian I be feign interest . parzival ( ignore that ) I mean , maybe it 's cause she 's hot . ( more ) 26 . parzival ( cont 'd ) if she have say '' I love pork rind , '' would I be think about pork rind ? possibly ... historian please , go on , I be fascinate . he be not . parzival damn , now I be think about pork rind . historian be that the end ? great story , parzival . parzival my point be , what if he make a mistake ? int . halliday 's journal - hallway the historian lead parzival to a door . parzival open it and step inside . parzival with the contest , I mean . what if he make a mistake on purpose ? int . gregarious game -- 1993 ( the real world ) but for the presence of parzival and the historian , the recreation be absolutely flawless . we be in 1993 , in the office of gregarious Games , where a much young James halliday , hang over , can not stop talk about he night . halliday she 's incredible , Ogden . I mean ... I never meet anyone like she . I drank too much , like a idiot , I be a total lightweight . a frustrated ogden morrow , rotund , with a unruly beard and wire - rimmed spectacle , be halliday 's partner . he inspect the code halliday have write for pd3 . morrow ( be : the code ) what do you do here ? halliday she tell I to call she . do I do that tomorrow ? when ? I be terrible at this stuff . morrow data be leak all over the place . halliday I really do wonder why people bother with relationship , it 's incredibly messy and confusing . morrow yeah , partnership be that way too . morrow push back from the desk . morrow ( cont 'd ) you blow it this time , hal . halliday I get the level finish . morrow oh , it 's finish . with one minor bug . you do it backwards . flunkie start at the end and sprat he way backwards to the beginning . halliday can not we just reverse the ... parzival ( 0.s. ) stop ! the scene suddenly freeze . parzival turn to the historian . parzival ( cont 'd ) play again from minor bug . morrow «+. minor bug . you do it backwards . hold on parzival , wide eye . int . cargo van - the real world Wade suddenly yank the haptic visor off , breathe heavily . he 's get it . 28 . ext . anorak' race - oasis a new crowd of racers wait at the start line with they car . aside from the usual , indistinguishable sixer , we see shoto and daito . both be japanese , in they twenty , bear a strike resemblance to one another . they each wear match suit of traditional samurai armor , a short wakizashi and longer katana strapped to they belt . they also drive match speed racer car . parzival walk towards he delorean , in the center lane . shoto hey parzival , what an up ? they speak in japanese , which we hear faintly , because it be instantly translate to English . parzival shoto , daito . shoto dude , you be in the newb lane . parzival just testing out a new engine aech throw in . daito nod . shoto seem unconvince . parzival give the gunter salute . parzival ( cont 'd ) first to the key . shoto daito first to the egg . first to the egg . at the starting line -- the race begin with a gunshot and instantly shoto , daito and the sixer speed off . parzival 's delorean do not move . as the rest of the racer disappear around a curve , parzival put he car in reverse and drive backward , and then ... 29 . ext . sewer system - oasis the ground give way and the delorean land with a thump in the sewer system . parzival stomp on the accelerator and the car automatically goe backward . parzival laugh as he shoot through a wind tunnel . then the sewer ramp up and the delorean shoot out back into the race . ext . race track - oasis as he emerge , and because he be drive backwards , parzival can instantly see that he be way ahead of the pack and every obstacle in the game be falling behind he . he can see the t-rex lick its claw and wait on 54th street , the crane not yet topple , the cement truck not yet move . he can even see the trail of the meteor on a trajectory towards the park . it do not matter , it 's all behind he . he see shoto and daito crash , then glance in he rearview . he 's just enter Central Park . ext . central park - oasis the delorean spin out and end up face forward right at bethesda fountain . parzival get out . as he walk towards the fountain , he call aech up in a video - chat window . aech what 's up 2 ? parzival aech , my good friend . aech where be you ? parzival great question . do you recognize this ? parzival flip aech to he Pov ... aech wait . Bethesda Fountain ? no . oh my god . dude ! you make it ! 30 . as parzival walk around the fountain , interference cause he hud to disappear , hang up on aech . probably because he 's so close to ... the copper key parzival snatch it out of the air . he stare at the key for a long moment , then can not resist : he hold it up like excalibur . parzival I ... be ... parzival ! his bellow echoe out over the park . he feel a bit stupid for a second . then a door appear . parzival stick the key in , and the door open . as he do , we whip around the oasis in what some might call ... a montage ! ext . oasis aech be stand on a distant planet , impatiently wait for a transport spot to open up . a brilliant light in the sky draw he attention . it 's the scoreboard ! there 's a name at the top now ... parzival . if aech have program he avatar to cry , it would . int . planet doom artemis be in a private chat room -- unlike aech 's , it be austere and functional -- with she gunter clan . conversation be hushed , secretive . then a knock at the door startles they , everyone pull they weapon ( various gun and blaster and knife ) . artemis check the peephole . it 's one of she clan member , excitedly knock on the door . gunter arty ! ya gotta come check this out ! ext . planet doom artemis step outside and appear next to she clan mate . Planet doom be experience a rare , momentary peace . artemis look up , to see why . it 's the scoreboard . 31 . artemis Ho ... lee ... she smile , ear to ear . as we zoom to we next location ... CUT to : int . ioi headquarters - board room a massive virtual board meeting be take place , nolan sorrento 's avatar be make a presentation about '' the loyalty initiative '' , a program that involve the construction of multiple loyalty center around the world . on a interactive map , we see there 's one in Columbus , one in Oklahoma City , and many more plan . then ... something catch sorrento 's eye . out the window . his voice drift off ... ext . ioi corporate sky deck - night sorrento walk out onto a outdoor executive deck . he can see that thousand of sixer have file out into the courtyard below , all gaze and point at the sky like extras ina spielberg film . he look up to see ..... full reveal -- the scoreboard , shine brightly in the night sky above . there be ten space that for five year have be empty . but now ... 1st place : parzival -- 100,000 point just to hear it say , sorrento repeat the single name that have suddenly jeopardize everything he believe in . sorrento parzival . CUT to : ext . incipio - day parzival suddenly appear on a street on incipio , the key hang around he neck . it take he a moment to notice , then he realize that everyone be stare up in the sky , point . he look up to see he name up there , as big as the sun . 32 . parzival be absorb the magnitude of this when he hud suddenly come up and he coin counter shoot from 827 to 100,000 . instantly . parzival sweet mama Cass ! then he message queue pop up . he have over fifty thousand message wait for he , the number jump by another thousand every second . parzival ( cont 'd ) hello , World . then he hear voice ... voice parzival ! look , parzival ! it 's he ! he 's be spot . parzival laugh as he be surround by avatar , all look for a word or a chance to look at the key , or even just a moment next to the most famous man in the Oasis . fade out : int . WADE be home - sometime later ( real world ) in stark contrast to the Oasis , in real life Wade sit in he aunt 's apartment in the stack , drum he finger . wait . he Pov -- aunt Alice , wear they only haptic deck , be " work " , point leave and right . CUT to : ext . stack - day ( real world ) Wade , burn off nervous energy , walk around the stack check the time and occasionally glance at the sky . int . WADE 's apartment -- later ( real world ) rick be now wear the haptic deck , play some sort of lame first person shooter . he contort he body and complain as he keep get shot . 33 . rick that 's bullshit ! you do not hit I . you be cheating ! this game be friggin’ rig . WADE watch mutely from the kitchen . no way he can get back online . it 's like a nightmare . ext . WADE 's stack ( real world ) Wade be now stand outside the stack , check the time and watch the sky . the reb kide be spray- painting the side of a stack . reb hey look , it 's the loser ! reb 2 eat a dickbagel , loser ! Wade look over at the kid and double take . they t-shirt ? a picture of parzival hold up the jade key ! someone 's screengrab that they print up and sell . it cause Wade to burst out laugh . WADE Nice shirt . reb 2 they be nice , butt-chee . reb what 's so funny ? WADE you , mostly . Wade notice a drone drop from the sky , head towards they . one of the reb kid grab he air rifle ... Wade snatch it out of he hand . WADE ( cont 'd ) do not even think about it . the kid be take aback by Wade 's sudden confidence . the drine land beside Wade and a signature screen pop up . Wade sign it and the package release . reb that be not sock . 34 . WADE you be a pair of sock . get out of here . Wade toss they the air gun . the kid run away . amazing what a little confidence will do . int . WADE 's hideout ( real world ) like a kid on Christmas Day , Wade tear open the package ... it 's the shaptic @ brand haptic bootsuit , the same one he 's be look at every day out he window . WADE oh yes , my sweet , sweet love . he hug the suit to he chest , the happiest kid in the world . ext . white sand - oasis nolan sorrento 's avatar stand in the middle of a enormous , white sand desert . he wait impatiently , when suddenly ... a spaceship drop down in front of he , kick up a cloud of sand . it look similar to slave 1 , boba fett 's ship from Star Wars , but not so similar that a lawsuit could be file . a massive warrior emerge from the ship , a space knight , all in black , weapon bristle across he body . imagine the hound from game of Throne cross with a goth master Chief from halo . sorrento six , old friend , how be you ? this be number six , a Oasis bounty Hunter , and he be scary as shit , except for he voice . it 's incongruously nasal and unintimidate . number six I be okay , I have get a neck thing , some sort of carpal tunnel deal but in you neck ? so if you could stay on this side of I ... he motion for sorrento to step to he leave . sorrento yeah , sure . 35 . number six thanks , just the repetitive stress , you know ... sorrento I get it . I have a job for you , six . number six yeah , kinda figure that when you send I the message about have a job for I . who 's the target ? sorrento fling a '' data packet '' at six . it instantly unfold into a hud fill with info . number six ( cont ’d ) duh . should have see that come . in the hud -- all know information about parzival . not just the obvious stuff , like he status as leader of the challenge , this have he entire Oasis history , all he achievement , every XP hunt , power - up purchase , porn planet visit ... it 's all there . everything except he real world identity . number six ( cont ’d ) not gonna be easy . guy 's get a lot of eye on he . sorrento that 's why I come to you . you be the best . number six riiight . six push the data aside . number six ( cont ’d ) before I bust my ass , how many other haxorz have you put on this ? sorrento six , why would I hire anyone else ? you be my guy . number six yeah , okay , well I be gonna need a higher daily budget than usual . and I be gonna need help , as in manpower . 36 . sorrento the sixer Army be at you disposal . number six I say '' help '' not a bunch of deadbeat level - one shart - squirter to trip over . sorrento if you think it 's too difficult ... number six yeah , yeah . you can skip the mind game , nolan . you know I be in . the giant warrior turn and head back to he ship ... six owww . he moan and grab he neck as he board . ext . deep space -- night aech 's spaceship rocket through the Oasis , away from the galaxy 's center towards the less populate rim . aech ( 0.s. ) I like you facial expression . much more detailed . int . aech 's spaceship aech and parzival be hang in the cockpit of aech 's sweet ride , talk about Wade 's new shaptic brand bootsuit . parzival think so ? aech yeah , but be it worth it ? that rig be pricey . parzival I can feel the corinthian leather under my ass , that 's how sensitive this thing be . aech Worth it ! change my mind . 37 . aech give parzival a triple - slap high - five , which in the 2040' be the cool way to do it . ext . vendor 's moon -- aech 's spaceship descend towards a moon that look like it be make entirely from wood . int . vendor 's workshop - day in the center of a enormous space that make the warehouse at the end of raider look like a closet , a man know only as the vendor ( play by david cross because literally , this be a David Cross brand avatar , with maximum sarcasm enable ) construct a personalize planet , madonna 's 100th birthday world . he use he right hand to shape and mold , he leave to add texture and color . bit of color and pixel of matter fall to the ground like glitter . he finish off a erupting volcano and place it in the center of a ocean . without turn around ... vendor where 's my robot , aech ? reveal aech and parzival approach from a distance . aech hey man , someone I want you ... vendor where be my giant robot , aech ? from the movie Iron giant , a heartwarming tale about a friendship between a human boy and a giant robot ? aech I be work ... vendor where be it ? why do not I have it ? do we not say I would have it this week ? aech ( quickly ) this be parzival ! 38 . vendor you ... if ... what ? ( to parzival ) the parzival ? parzival that 's I . vendor so what be we after , a use planet ? Real estate in a undevelop solar system ? the vendor grab a sheaf of paper from off a table and unfurl it . it stretch out into a enormous , stun , one hundre foot long map of every planet in the Oasis . parzival no thanks . vendor how about you own signage float in the ring of googleworld ? I have a signsmith with font that will literally make you cry . parzival I just need a ship . something fast . the vendor smile , snap the map close . vendor spaceship be my jam . int . workshop the content of a shoebox be dumped on a worktable , matchbox size version of the starship Enterprise , the battlestar galactica , and other iconic spacecraft . vendor I just get a wonderful Guild spice ship that fold space like a boss . parzival shake he head . vendor ( cont 'd ) how about this George mely - inspire stop-motion - esque rocket ? very classy . 39 . parzival kind of have my heart set on this one . he pick up '' serenity '' , the spaceship from the show '' firefly '' . the vendor frown . vendor oh , joy , another whedonite . personally , I never see the appeal , insular and twee and smug . still , can not deny it 's a well build vessel . int . vendor' workshop - later the '' vonnegut '' , as parzival have rename it , be now complete . he circle it , inspect it from every angle . parzival it 's amazing . vendor so you really do it . you get the first key . parzival course . vendor can I see it ? parzival turn to look at the vendor . he seem desperate . vendor ( cont 'd ) I be not gonna go gollum on you , kid . parzival okay , sure . parzival take the key from around he neck and hand it to he . the vendor 's eye light up as he turn the key over in he hand . vendor the copper Key . see how perfect that be , down to the pixel ? highest density resolution , just amazing work . in fact , the key be magnificent , like it somehow have more weight , and catch more light , than anything else around it . 40 . vendor ( cont 'd ) I wonder if anyone would find it . he would have be happy to see someone like you hold this , instead of that ioi beefjuggler . parzival wait , do you know halliday ? vendor in some way , yes . the vendor look over he shoulder , to make sure aech be not listen . vendor ( cont 'd ) I want to give you something . you have to promise not to tell aech , he would be furiously jealous . parzival yeah , sure . the vendor rummages in he pocket . parzival 's excitement grow , he can only imagine what it could be , this be a guy who can make anything . vendor here you go . the vendor drop a single quarter in parzival 's hand . vendor ( cont 'd ) remember , do not tell anyone . as the vendor walk away , parzival look down at the measly quarter and laugh . he flip it , then add it to he inventory . int . vonnegut - day ( oasis ) Wade strap into the driver 's seat of the vonnegut . the ship rocket through the open bay door of the planetoid and accelerate into space . int . WADE 's hideout ( real world ) Wade , in he full body bootsuit , be take the thrill ride of he life . he steer with a virtual wheel , accelerate with a virtual thrust , flip switch on a virtual switchboard . 41. int . the vonnegut ( oasis ) all of which be render in loving detail inside the vonnegut . parzival deftly navigate two oncoming ship , a massive groupon deal -hauler and some tween girl 's hello kitty shuttle , then loop through the broken ring of the facebook planet , which have be dormant for year . parzival '' the place where lover could not leap / in the dark , while count sheep / take the jump , prove how you be make / then you will find the key of jade . '' that mean anything to you , kitt ? the voice of he onboard computer , kitt , respond . kitt ( 0.s. ) no , sir . parzival put the ship on autopilot , then call up a map in he hud . parzival clearly some sort of jump . so many option . set a course for lover 's Leap , in the Valentine 's Day sector on hallmark 4 . kitt ( 0.s. ) very good , sir . as the ship hurtle through space , he hud operate like a find friend app , show that artemis be nearby , on planet doom . parzival locate . his hud spin for a moment , but artemis be not available . he leave a message . parzival ( cont 'd ) hey , it 's I . Z. ha ha , that rhyme . he abruptly stop and delete the message . he try again . parzival ( cont 'd ) howdy ... ( disgust with himself ) what the hell , be I a cowboy now ? Act like a human be , Wade . 42 . now he get he shit together . parzival ( cont 'd ) artemis , it 's Z . I be in you neck of the wood , think maybe I have drop by . anyway , I wanna thank you for help I figure out the first challenge . so here 's I help you out . go backwards . and let 's meet up sometime . you know , just to hang or ... whatever . he pause for a moment , wonder if he should do this . then he send the message . ext . the vonnegut --— the vonnegut suddenly rocket forward . as it do , reveal that another craft speed up as well , not quite as fast , clearly try not to be see . int . slave 6 -- the interior of number six 's ship reveal a one - man bounty hunt operation . he have a live surveillance feed of the vonnegut , simultaneous from five different angle . he 's also get what must be a illegal feed of parzival n's personal head up display , though no sound . the message to artemis become visible as it fire from the vonnegut . number six ( voice command ) lock I on to that bitch , slave . the slave six suddenly leap into pursuit of the message . ext . space -- the oasis the race between parzival 's message and six in he spaceship be so fast that the ship itself appear as a massive blur . int . slave 6 but the result be that for as long as he can keep up with the message , six can actually hear it . it 's warpe and break into piece , but still audible . 43. parzival +. figure out the first challenge ... return the favor ... six smile despite the g-force distorting he face . he 's onto something and he know it . CUT to : int . aech 's basement aech be put the finish touch on the iron giant , lose in he work . parzival ( 0.s. ) wow , that look amazing . aech ( not look up ) you tell she . parzival what ? aech turn on he . aech you tell she ! I can not believe you tell she . parzival I do not know what ... aech have you see the board ? artemis be on it . aech snap open a window . a live feed of the scoreboard reveal artemis 's name in the number two position . parzival oh. yeah . well , I just feel like ... she help I . aech that 's not why you give she the clue . man , I can not believe it . what happen to '' guy friend before female you want to date '' ? and how much have I help you ? 44 , parzival dude , I be sorry , I will totally give you the ... aech I do not want it , okay ? i’1l figure it out on my own . parzival 's call alert start beep . he 's too embarrassed to answer it . aech ( cont 'd ) well ? you just gonna let it ring ? parzival probably vid-spam . aech it 's she , be not it ? do not be a tool , answer it . parzival Nah , she 's just a girl , man . aech answer it . on screen -- a message from artemis . '' let 's meet up '' . parzival 's thrilled . aech be annoyed . aech ( cont 'd ) she could be use you , in fact she could actually be a he . think about that . parzival frown , he have not think of that . int . ioi headquarters - real world a excited nolan sorrento , on he headset , practically run through the sixer department at ioi . sorrento backward ? be you sure ? number six ( 0.s. ) I watch she get the key . sorrento run into the main sixer bullpen . there be dozen of sixer sit in a hundred top -of - the-line immersion rig . a monitor above each rig show we ( and sorrento ) exactly what the sixer in the Oasis be experience . 45 . sorrento whistle , loud enough that everyone turn to look he way . sorrento listen up ! backward . that 's you clue . first one to finish the race , raise you hand . the sixer jump back into action . sorrento return to he voice link conversation with number six . sorrento ( cont 'd ) what do we know about this girl ? number six come you way . sorrento tap the monitor close to he . a single touch scan he id and instantly display the information number six be send he . number six ( cont ’d ) name 's artemis . she 's get a geek cute thing go . she 's also get a serious rap sheet . on the monitor -- a list of every achievement , and infraction , commit by the avatar name artemis . number six ( cont ’d ) board ban , game suspension , digital vandalism , politics in a no politics zone . anti-ioi doxx ... six let out a laugh . sorrento what 's so funny ? on the monitor , one of artemis 's Oasis crime be display . she be teabagging a npc in computer chess , but she gamertag ? nolan sorrento . sorrento ( cont 'd ) that 's not funny . six kinda funny . anyway , I think I find parzival 's weak spot ... 46 . sorrento you do . sorrento 's eye linger on the picture of artemis . sorrento ( cont ’d ) it 's she . number six what ? no . it 's spaceship . sorrento she 'il get you what you be after . sixer ( 0.s. ) Mr. sorrento ! I be in Central Park , sir ! sorrento do not let I down , six . sorrento hang up and walk over to the immersion rig . he tug on the arm of the sixer who just yell . sorrento ( cont 'd ) come on , get out ! sorrento yank the surprised sixer 's visor off and put it on himself , then climb into he rig . we notice a special thumb cap that click in to the glove , and now the interface read ... logging in : nolan sorrento int . oasis - central park sorrento now stand in front of Bethesda Fountain in Central Park . the copper key just float there , wait for he . sorrento reach out and grab it . sorrento booyah ! then he look around to make sure no one hear that . ext . scoreboard the scoreboard , huge beyond comprehension , begin to rumble and shake as a new name roll out into third place . the vonnegut streak past , just a speck in the foreground . 47 . int . vonnegut parzival watch in disgust as the third slot on the scoreboard change to the name '' nolan sorrento '' . feeling guilty , parzival pull up aech in he contact . there 's no response , so parzival leave a message . parzival I be sorry . I should have say something , you be my best friend . here 's how to beat the first challenge ... and while he explain ... ext . street of planet doom artemis be make she way through the street of Planet doom . her armor meter be high enough that she do not need to worry about crossfire . the occasional bullet or shell ping off she and fall to the ground . then she notice someone follow she . it 's ioi Security . she speed up a little , then walk right past the entrance to she clan clubhouse , hope to lose the tail . she turn a corner . ext . planet doom - night two ioi security guard come around a corner , only to be jumped by artemis . she be completely bad -ass in the Oasis , and make quick work of they with some insane martial art move combine with a blaster that she use with deadly accuracy . more Security Guards close in , fire more ordinance . artemis 's shield be start to take damage . she have to retreat . ext . alley -- planet doom artemis be pinned down in a alley , ioi Security close in from both direction . she duck out from behind garbage can , return fire , but in a few moment she 'il be overwhelm . parzival ( 0.s. ) hey artemis ... 48 . artemis look up to see parzival , stand on a ledge above she , wear a pair of red headphone . he toss she a match pair . parzival ( cont 'd ) put this on . she put they on and they parzival pull out a supremely bad - ass rail gun . parzival ( cont 'd ) just buy this puppy . check ‘er out . parzival fire and the gun spit out a super-heate light wave that spray like a shotgun . the blast incinerate everything in its path , except artemis , who stand in the center of it , unharme . a impressed artemis look up at parzival . parzival ( cont 'd ) headphone of limitless protection . keep they , that be my spare . parzival jump down to the alley to join she , a fine mist of vaporize ioi goons whirl through the air . parzival ( cont 'd ) so what be that all about ? artemis Long story . let 's get off the street . parzival nod , happy to . as they walk away ... reveal a hooded figure , watch they from afar . he follow . ext . safe zone -- planet doom a comically thin strip of sidewalk be the only safe zone on Planet doom . artemis do not know if I tell you this , but I like you look . parzival you do ? 49 . artemis yeah , I mean , the atari game burial t-shirt , very cool . also , I like that you be not all ' roid out . parzival yeah , I hate that . artemis you friend ... parzival I have try to talk to he about it ... artemis the shoulder . parzival too wide , right ? artemis totally . I mean , nothing personal but ... even you arm be a little big . parzival check out he arm . parzival be they ? artemis for you frame . I be just say , the biceps be kind of ... bam ! parzival 's biceps instantly shrink down a bit . artemis ( cont 'd ) there you go , a little less Olympic weightlifter . parzival smile , motion to artemis . parzival I like yours too . I mean , you arm , but I mean like ... you butt , it 's not ... artemis yeah , try to keep it real . 50 . parzival and you ... you know , you boob , they be not that ridiculous porn star ... artemis that thing be a huge liability in a death match . you try to hide , but you can be stick out from behind a tree . parzival yeah . they walk in comfortable silence ; definitely a connection form . parzival ( cont 'd ) what do you look like in the real world ? artemis hey . boundary , not cool . parzival yeah , I be sorry , I just ... it would be ... you know , to meet you . in person . artemis you would be disappointed . parzival no I would not . ( then ) be you a guy ? artemis no! parzival I be just say , I do not care what you look like . I would like to meet you . I mean , I have no idea where you live , and I be sure you would be disappointed in I but ... artemis shhh ! artemis motion to more ioi security guard up ahead , search for they miss quarry . they duck behind a billboard advertising madden 74 . 51 . artemis ( cont 'd ) parzival , listen ... parzival my real name be Wade . artemis no ! be you crazy ? you can not tell anyone who you be . parzival I be not tell anyone . I be tell you . artemis and you do not know I , you do not know anything about I . ioi be after I , they be definitely after you . this be not a game , Z . parzival uh , yeah , I think it be . artemis well , you be wrong . it 's not . a hover graphic up ahead indicate end of non pvp zone . artemis stop . artemis ( cont 'd ) Z , seriously , what would you do if you find the egg ? parzival be take aback , almost like he have not really think this through . parzival I do not know , I mean , what would not I do ? buy myself the best rig , the biggest space ship ... I have get all the shit I could never afford . artemis and what about the Oasis ? parzival I would keep it like it be , I guess , like it should be . artemis that 's the thing , Z , it be not how it should be . not anymore . whoever win this , they be go to need to work to keep thing free . 52 . parzival I be not really that into politics artemis it 's more than politics , it 's basic human decency . ioi have all this double speak about '' maximize bandwidth potential , '' but what it really mean be the Oasis be screw . parzival yeah , I guess . artemis that 's why it 's so important that we win . we need you , Z . my clan need you . parzival suddenly realize . parzival oh . oh man . artemis what ? parzival aech be right . I be a idiot . ( embarrassed ) I think ... I think you want to hang . artemis ( not get it ) I want to do more than hang , I want to clan up . parzival that 's not -- nevermind . it 's cool . I better go . he pull the miniature vonnegut out of he pocket and toss it into the middle of the street . it instantly expands to full size . artemis be confuse by he sudden attitude . artemis wait , so what 's you answer ? parzival lemme think about it , okay ? artemis , bewilder , just watch as he ship rocket away . 53 . watch all this from a distance , the figure who be follow they remove he hood . it 's number six . CUT to : int . wade's bedroom - day ( the real world ) Wade be sleep in he tiny room when he hear pound on he door . rick ( 0.s. ) Wade ! get out here ! Wade pull some pants on , head out of he room . int . WADE 's live room - day Wade walk into the live room to find Alice and Rick wait for he . they have get he backpack open on the table . alice Wade ? can you explain this ? Rick , wear a '' parzival '' hat that make Wade doubletake , hold up Wade 's fancy bootsuit . WADE can I explain why you guy be go through my stuff ? no , I can not . Wade try to grab the bootsuit , but Rick hold he back . rick this thing cost at least ten thousand credit . where have you get the money ? alice do you steal it ? WADE I buy it . rick you do that sex chat ? 54 . WADE what ? no. ew . why do you care anyway , Rick ? you do not even live here . rick neither do you . alice Rick ! rick what ? WADE Alice ? what 's he talk about ? alice we be sell the trailer , Wade . she slide a loyalty CENTER pamphlet towards Wade . it 's get the ioi logo on it , and read : ' work off you debt in week at Oklahoma City 's new loyalty Center . ' Wade leaf through the pamphlet in shock . WADE be this a joke ? I do not want to live in this ass -y gulag . rick you be not gonna live there . we do not apply for you . WADE what ? Wade stare at Alice , look for a answer . WADE ( cont 'd ) what be I suppose to do ? alice you be get a little too old not to have you own place . I think you Mom would have want ... WADE do not you dare bring my Mom into this , Alice . Wade look really upset . Alice , feel bad , take he aside . 55 . alice I be sorry , Wade . I know it 's rough . I just do not know what else to do . it 's really hard to find someone you can bear to be with . WADE but Rick ? alice we do not always get we first choice , kiddo . Alice hand Wade she ioi gear . alice ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) here , take my stuff . I do not want to leave you with nothing . reluctantly he take it . ext . stack - night ( real world ) a deject Wade trudge through the stack , backpack over one shoulder , head for he hideout . as he go , we hold on a shadowy figure , watching he . he 's a big guy in a hoodie , with a really lame tattoo . he watch Wade disappear into the pile up car . CUT to : ext . observation deck - the oasis -- day a rail run along the edge of a deck that hang in the upper atmosphere . wind whip furiously , and we reveal parzival stand on the edge . he look ready to jump . he see aech approach . parzival thanks for finally return my call . aech I look deep in my heart and realize , you be my best friend . how can I stay angry ? aech look over the edge . it 's at least ten thousand foot to the ground . 56 . aech ( cont 'd ) plus , you sound kind of bum when we talk . parzival yeah , I guess I be . as if to prove he point , parzival jump off the edge ! ext . sky - falling -- oasis parzival free-falls . a moment later , aech join he . aech so you gotta move out ? parzival I mean , they do not give I any warning . aech that 's rough . how would it go with the girl ? parzival shake he head . parzival do not ask . yes , they be still hurtle towards the ground at terminal velocity , but the conversation be as casual as if they be chat over coffee . parzival ( cont 'd ) I do not really know anyone . where do I even go ? where do I log in ? can not believe my aunt be do this . aech you do not get to choose you family . but I be you friend , even in the r.w . so if you need help , you call I , okay ? parzival look over at aech . despite the fact that he look like a linebacker and be fall through space at high speed , he can see the sincerity behind he word . parzival thanks , dude . 57 . aech now pull you ripcord . they pull they chute . ext . oasis - landing spot parzival and aech leave the red bull gluten - packed ENERGY leap , the promotional jump they just test out . aech so this be not it . the second challenge . parzival nope . aech I have try like ten different famous jump . parzival I do not think that 's the answer . they arrive at aech 's ship , which be incongruously sit in a parking lot among many other vehicle . aech meaning ? parzival I just do not think the clue be that literal . aech climb on board he ship . aech need a lift ? parzival shake he head . aech throw he the gunter salute . aech ( cont 'd ) cheer up , dude . you be still on the board . aech 's ship blast off and once it do ... a group of sixer be revealed , five of they , with one very familiar leader , recognizable even through the smoke . 58 . sorrento ( 0.s. ) it 's good to meet you in person , parzival . I be a fan . see nolan sorrento , parzival immediately draw he gun , and he shield power up . sorrento walk forward . sorrento ( cont 'd ) whoa , take it easy , hombre . none of we be armed . in parzival 's hud -- a quick scan reveal that he 's tell the truth , no weapon on any of they . parzival what do you want ? sorrento to make you a offer . parzival not interested . sorrento this be the kind of offer where you get everything you have ever dream of . sorrento motion to a gleam , blue transport disc , the fastest , and most expensive way to get around the Oasis . sorrento ( cont 'd ) five minute , just hear I out , that 's all I ask . off parzival , debate whether to step onto that platform . ext . ioi headquarters -- the oasis - day the ioi executive transport sit on a gated platform at one end of the courtyard in one ioi Plaza . sorrento , parzival and the sixer zap in . sorrento I understand why people do not like ioi . I really do . everyone want to stick it to the man . sorrento lead they off the platform and into the courtyard below . 59 . ext . ioi headquarters courtyard ( oasis ) the courtyard of ioi 's Oasis headquarters be unimaginatively similar to they real world campus , though everything be bigger and more ostentatious . sorrento and I like a good treasure hunt as much as the next person . but could you imagine if this so-called '' reb '' win the contest ? they walk past a stun gravity - defy fountain towards the massive tower . sorrento ( cont 'd ) they would dismantle the place in week . WADE be that what they say ? sorrento that 's what they have do . you take all the commerce out of the Oasis , it fall apart . halliday always have a business model , he be no communist . as they move toward the building 's giant glass door , parzival see hundred of nameless ioi worker filing out a side door towards they respective shitty job . parzival this be where all you employee spawn , huh ? sorrento yes , but do not worry , they immediately move off site . the executive -- which you would be -- do not have to interact with the worker bee . sorrento point Z to the executive elevator . sorrento ( cont 'd ) you will barely ever see they . parzival notice he aunt alicen avatar among the crowd . despite he mix feeling about she , it 's hard for he to feel good about sorrento 's comment . 60 . int . ioi headquarters - sorrento 's office ( oasis ) parzival and sorrento step out into sorrento 's opulent office . the window off the observation deck afford a stun view of the surround virtual city . sorrento ioi want you , parzival . to help find halliday 's Easter egg . parzival that 's what I figure . sorrento you would have everything at you disposal , you have be free to follow any strategy ... parzival but if I win , ioi would run the Oasis . sorrento you would rather run it yourself ? parzival look at sorrento quizzically . sorrento ( cont ’d ) do you know how hard it be to maintain the Oasis ? do you know how many hour a day halliday work ? parzival sorrento twenty hour a day ... twenty hour , that 's right . sorrento ( cont ’d ) that 's what it take . be that the kind of person you be ? parzival consider this . he be definitely not a '' 20 hour a day '' kind of guy . sorrento ( cont 'd ) we offer will not require twenty hour a day . but it do come with you own penthouse apartment in Columbus , with the high speed connection , and the best deck money can buy . this get parzival 's attention . * 61 . sorrento ( cont 'd ) you will have all of we company 's vast resource at you disposal . money , weapon , magic item , ship , artifact . you name it . and I have not even get to how well this job pay . parzival I do not think I can be a sixer , it 's ... sorrento ( interrupt ) two million a year . to start . parzival oh. shit . sorrento regardless of outcome . and if and when you help we find the egg ? you will get a twenty - five-million - dollar bonus . parzival say nothing ... int . WADE 's hideout ( real world ) while in real life , a hyperventilate Wade have to take he visor off just to catch he breath . WADE Holy crap . he slip it back on . int . sorrentor office ( oasis ) parzival look pretty cool as he consider sorrento 's offer . sorrento look , Z , I know you be use emotion - suppress software right now , and why would not you ? it 's smart not to give away you hand . in the background , the planet 's simulate sun begin to set , casting a glow over the room . it 's actually quite beautiful . 62 . sorrento ( cont 'd ) but one thing I can tell you be that life be a lot easier when you have money in the real world . Relationships be easier . parzival be not sure what he 's get at , but it definitely make he think . parzival when you say we ... one question ... sorrento ( know the question ) as we employee , you have be play on behalf of ioi . parzival so ioi would own the Oasis ? sorrento we would own it , Wade . all of we who work at ioi . well , all of we who own stock . parzival but we keep halliday 's rule ? equal access , equal bandwidth ... sorrento tighten , try to smile . this be a bit of a sore subject . sorrento ah yes , equal bandwidth , halliday 's dream . do you know how much that slow thing down , Wade ? it 's a lovely idea , but do you know how much faster and better the Oasis can be ? if we maximize the bandwidth potential for income ? on parzival -- hearing that buzzword , maximize bandwidth potential . it strike a chord . sorrento ( cont 'd ) you 25 million will be worth fifty million two month after ioi take over . that 's a guarantee . fifty million , be that a good deal ? parzival I be sorry , no . sorrento 's face fall . 63 . parzival ( cont 'd ) I be probably go to really regret this , but I can not do it . sorrento I be sure you will regret it , but I understand , I really do . in fact , I would like to say something off the record . parzival shrug , '' why not ? '' with a wave of he hand , sorrento disable all the camera and microphone in the room . sorrento ( cont ’d ) the truth be , I have to make this offer . the board insisted . but I be really hope you would say no . because if anyone win , it 's go to be I . my avatar will get that egg , because the truth be , I be the only one with the ball to run this place right . parzival wow , you kind of switch gear there from '' fairly reasonable '' to '' maniacal overlord '' . sorrento ha , funny . there 's the obnoxious wit I have hear about . well , consider yourself lucky , Wade , because you will not be around to experience my '' maniacal '' reign . parzival react . do he just say '' Wade '' ? sorrento get a wick grin on he face . sorrento ( cont ’d ) yes , that 's right . I know who you be . Wade Owen watt . bear August twelfth , 2024 . both parent decease . I also know where you be . a vidfeed window open directly behind sorrento , display a live aerial view of Wade 's stack . sorrento ( cont ’d ) you live with you aunt in the stack . 700 Portland Avenue in Oklahoma City . ( more ) 64 . sorrento ( cont 'd ) unit 56 - k , to be exact . you be last see enter she trailer three day ago and you have not leave since . which mean you be still there right now , and there 's no time to get out . he put a hand on parzival 's shoulder . sorrento ( cont 'd ) I be sorry Wade , it really be not personal . parzival suddenly blink out . sorrento turn back to the vidfeed monitor , watch as ioi drone approach the stack . int . cargo van -- the real world but of course , Wade be not in the stack , he 's in he hideout . he tear off he haptic gear and scramble out of the van . ext . the stack perimeter - night Wade sprint towards he stack , try to reach Alice on he headset . WADE Alice ! Alice ! you gotta get the hell out of there -- overhead , Wade can see more drone close in on he stack . they look like they be carry package , but as each of they fly in -- they maneuver towards he stack and plant they package on the support strut of the unit ... Red light on they side blink faster and faster . Wade frantically call out to he aunt . WADE ( cont 'd ) c'mon Alice , pick up ... but Rick answer . rick ( 0.s . ) hey , this bootsuit be pretty awesome , thanks for that ... 65 . WADE Rick , get out of there ! the place be gonna blow ! Rick start laugh . rick ( 0.s. ) hear that , Alice ? this douchenozzle be -- and that , sadly , be the last thing Rick ever say ... kaboom ! the support column be blow apart , and the entire stack begin to teeter ... the sound of rending metal pierce Wade 's ear as the stack rip free of its scaffold and crash against its neighbor , like a massive domino . Wade watch , freeze in shock and horror as three stack start fall ... toward he . he run as the massive tower split apart and fall , container and rv home flipping and tumble and catch fire as propane tank explode . Wade just manage to get clear of the collapse . as siren wail and people scream ... for a moment , Wade just stand there , overcome by the horror of it . then he notice someone , stare at he . it 's that same guy , the one with the lame tattoo . he 's move towards he . as Wade slowly back away , the guy follow he . now Wade start to run . ext . stack Wade be run as fast as he can , but this be not the Oasis , he real body be out of shape . he suck air as he round one of the stack and see ... a ioi transport pull up to the burn stack and a dozen ioi Security Guards hop out . 66 . Wade turn and run in the other direction . until lame tattoo round a corner just ahead of he . Wade slide , almost fall down , then turn and run in the other direction . as the stack burn Wade run for he life through the wreckage , try to get back to cover , he hideout . he almost run into another group of ioi goons , but they end up give he the cover to escape from lame tattoo . int . WADE 's hideout Wade , still clutching he backpack , climb into he van , out of breath . he sit there for a moment , in shock , then start pound on the steering wheel . tear stream down he face . after a moment , he catch he breath and try to calm himself down . ext . WADE 's hideout Wade look both way before emerge from the hideout . in one direction , the burn remain of the stack , in the other , the beckone light of Oklahoma City . he start off in that direction when he be suddenly grabbed from behind . it 's lame tattoo . before he can scream , he have a gag in he mouth , plastic cuff around he wrist . then a hood go over he head . everything go black . ext . stack - night ( real world ) Police and ambulance surround the disaster at the stack . a ioi clean up crew pick through the wreckage right alongside the police . we hear chatter among onlooker and police about '' a explode meth lab '' . in the wreckage -- one of the ioi guy pull out the char remain of ... 67 . a shaptic bootsuit . as he lift it up , the ash of a incinerate body drop out of it . ioi guy check the serial number with a scanner . on a small display screen , the detail come up ... '' purchaser : WADE watt '' satisfied , ioi guy nod to the other . they work here be do . int . suburban house - bedroom - day -- real world as the hood be pull off , the world be blurred and too bright . when WADE 's eye finally adjust , the first thing he see be ... a knife . Wade raise he hand defensively , but lame tattoo just grab they and ... slice the handcuff . then he pull the gag out . Wade cough , spit . his vision be start to adjust . he can now see someone sit just across from he . a woman . she look familiar , dark hair and hazel eye . she have a prominent birthmark on she leave cheek which she hide with she new wave hairdo , but otherwise there 's no doubt who it be . artemis hey , Wade . welcome to the rebellion . it 's the real life artemis , in the flesh . int . reb safe house Wade and artemis walk through the reb safe House . it 's run down but animated , fill with other young people commit to the cause . artemis when I be a kid , we move around a lot . my dad be always get hassle , by the government or corporation or whoever , he just could not catch a break . but he fight for he rights , even when it get he in trouble . 68 . WADE wow . sound rough . artemis well , he go break , and then he abandon we . but the point be , he teach I never to back down . he refuse to give in to the system 's injustice . so damn right I pick up the torch . everyone they pass nod to artemis . she 's a leader here . WADE you be even more badass in real life . artemis Nah . artemis lead he past the reb Oasis War room , where a bunch of reb be logge in to haptic rig . ext . reb safe house Wade and artemis step outside into a rundown neighborhood , a suburban slum . in the distance he can see the gleam skyline of columbus , ohio . WADE that 's Columbus , huh ? artemis World 's nicest city . if you be rich and powerful . otherwise you live out here in the bandwidth slum . she motion to the rundown neighborhood around they . WADE never know it be so bad . artemis it be not just Columbus . artemis point to the horizon , where the slum be expand , favela-like , to cover the Ohio countryside . artemis ( cont 'd ) it 's everywhere . ioi mess with access speed to force more and more people into debt . case in point . 69 . she point to a ioi security team , accompany by the police , drag someone out of he home , the guy have a mohawk and wear a ironic '' matrix kide ! '' t-shirt . his scream , half - naked girlfriend hold a scream , totally - naked baby . WADE what the hell ? artemis that be lajeremy , we neighbor . lajeremy be push into the back of a ioi transport van and whisk away . artemis ( cont 'd ) you fall into enough debt , ioi take you in for '' loyalty service '' . have you ever see a '' loyalty center '' , Wade ? WADE only on a pamphlet . ext . ioi loyalty CENTER - columbus division ( real world ) a enormous building , like the project , but there 's no activity outside ; everyone be inside , all the time . artemis the key to the whole scam be get around halliday 's first rule ; one person , one avatar . int . loyalty CENTER the bullpen at the loyalty center be quite literally a sea of a thousand haptic deck , each with a poor soul in it under servitude to ioi . artemis ( 0.s. ) sorrento come up with the workaround . a way to spoof account , so he can take over for a sixer whenever he want . but it 's worse than that . we watch some random guy work and work , pile up coin from he loyalty rig ... 70 . artemis ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) the '' loyalist '' do not have a identity in there . earning just go into a share account . ioi 's . the coin drain out of he account just as quickly . ext . columbus suburb artemis and Wade be walk back now . artemis no matter how hard they work , they debt go up . ioi charge they for they deck , they access , and room and board . the Oasis be build to be free . this loyalty center will turn everyone into slave . WADE halliday never would have let this happen . artemis I know you love the guy , Wade , and I have a lot of respect for he too , but halliday know there be issue , but he never do jack one about it . he want the whole world to be a game , and it just be not . Wade nod , he 's experience that first hand . suddenly the event of the past few day come rush back . Wade have to stop walk for a moment , he feel dizzy . artemis ( cont 'd ) you okay ? Wade sit down on the sidewalk . artemis ( cont 'd ) Wade ? WADE they kill my aunt . she be a jerk to I , but she still raise I , she do not deserve to die . none of they do . ( turn to she ) and you save my life . Wade 's eye be tear up . 71 . WADE ( cont 'd ) aw man , I must look pathetic . artemis dry he tear , she hold he face in she hand . artemis stop it . you have be through hell . and you be not pathetic , you be the number one gunter in the world . that be bad ass . Wade and artemis be incredibly close now , he face just inch from hers . it feel like one of that moment ... but they just sit there , awkwardly . Wade can not make the move . the moment be go . artemis ( cont 'd ) we should get back before the patrol start . CUT to : int . reb safe house - bedroom artemis lead Wade into the Oasis War room . Wade pull he aunt 's ioi gear out of he backpack . artemis shake she head . WADE oh. right , ioi can trace it ? she nod . artemis now you be get the hang of it . Wade get into one of the empty rig . artemis watch as Wade do some quick customization , clean off the haptic receiver with he shirt , balling up the cord on he headset so it do not snag . artemis be impressed ; when it come to the Oasis , Wade be a pro . she even imitate he , pull slack on she cord , as she get in she rig . int . aech 's basement - night aech be in he basement , study a smaller version of the vendor 's Oasis map. 72 . aech enhance . despite look like a real map , the image zoom in . aech refer to a few different marked location where '' the Leap '' might be . aech ( cont 'd ) gotta be the Brooklyn Bridge . parzival ( 0.s. ) nope , not the answer . aech turn to see parzival enter , artemis right behind he . aech Z ! I be worried about you , man . he and Z do they elaborate high - five move . the one that really be cool . aech nod to artemis , somewhat less enthuse . the feel be mutual . parzival be they here ? aech ( nod ) they be here . shoto and daito step forward . parzival shoto , daito , this be artemis . artemis take a small bow . parzival ( cont 'd ) of all the gunter , shoto and daito be the two most skilled fighter I have ever see . they be max out on all pvp category . shoto and daito bow back to artemis . parzival ( cont 'd ) you guy all get my message ? aech , be you someplace safe ? aech I be on the run . 73. parzival turn to shoto and daito . parzival same for you two . if you be with we , they 's 1ll come look for you . parzival pause , then address the group . parzival ( cont 'd ) a good friend tell I that we would be better off work together . I do not listen to he . aech be a bit embarrassed , he know it 's he . parzival ( cont 'd ) I think halliday want we to do it alone , but that 's only how he would have do it . I think he want someone to be better than he . artemis so we be clanning up ? parzival yes. ( to artemis ) but I be not join you clan . artemis be confuse . Wade turn to shoto . parzival ( cont 'd ) ( to shoto ) not yours either . ( to the group ) we be the clan . right here in this room , this be the Oasis dream team . we be the '' first five '' and we be go to win this thing together or not at all . murmur of agreement from everyone , except artemis . artemis Z , you know it 's not that easy for I , I be commit . parzival do you clan know how to find the second challenge ? artemis no , of course not . shoto do you ? everyone turn to look at Z . he smile . parzival yes. ( to artemis ) 74 . do not want to put you on the spot , but if you be with we , you be with we . artemis nod . artemis okay . I be in . aech so spill , where 's the jump ? parzival there be no jump . aech skeptical , but intrigue . parzival '' where lover would not leap . '' it hit I today . it 's about a girl . ( meeting artemis 's eye ) and the leap he do not take . artemis do not seem to get parzival 's meaning , but aech do . parzival ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) after they blow the flunkie sprat job , halliday and morrow meet to work on a new idea . it be a seminal moment in history . int . gregarious game -- 1998 gregarious game headquarters , circa 1998 . laptop , halliday pace . morrow I do not think that 'il track . halliday just try it , og . morrow hit a button , the machine render , morrow sit at he slowly . 75 . reveal -- that we assemble team be watch the scene together in the halliday journal . the historian be there as well . parzival monologue . parzival I have watch the scene a million time , the night they sketch the plan for the Oasis . it take sixteen year to make it work , but this be where it begin . bore , morrow lean back in he chair . morrow so , how be it ? halliday I miss the voiceover . I do not care what people say , I like the voiceover . morrow you know that 's not what I mean . halliday , frustrated , pace quickly now . morrow ( cont 'd ) what happen with she ? halliday she think it be kind of dull , can you believe that ? parzival this be the same girl halliday be swoon over month before . he take she to a movie , but he still have not take the leap . morrow shake he head , it 's like pull tooth with he . morrow what do that have to do with get you mack on ? halliday it just bother I , it be a bomb when it come out , how can people not recognize genius ? 76 . morrow ahead of its time . like we . but Jim ... do she .... halliday she invite I back to she place . morrow and ? halliday I do not know . nothing happen . parzival stop ! parzival turn to aech . parzival ( cont 'd ) see what I be talk about ? '' count sheep . '' that 's what give it away . aech ( catch he drift ) '' do android dream of electric sheep ... '' right . I mean , you forget because he say it be a bomb ... artemis ( figure it out ) wait , it be a bomb ? parzival Way ahead of its time . the citizen kane of dystopic future noir film . aech you think this be the clue to the key ? parzival definitely . the historian clear he throat . historian I know I be a computer program and I should know this , but what movie be you talk about ? they all look at he , disappointed . then , together ... 77 . all blade runner ! ext . space -- the oasis the vonnegut rocket across the Oasis solar system , once again pass the enormous scoreboard . we hear parzival 's voice , pre-lap . parzival ( 0.s. ) everyone know blade runner have its fingerprint all over the Oasis , in the architecture , the vision of the future , even the avatar . the vonnegut shoot towards a large planet with a number of orbit moon . ext . movie theater row - night a row of movie theaters extend to the horizon , each of they play one of halliday 's favorite movie : War Games , Star Wars , raider , Road warrior , terminator , ferris bueller , last action hero , all of the monty python movie ... parzival but if you know halliday , you know that one of the first thing he build in the Oasis be a place for he favorite movie . we fabulous five come to a marquee with blade runner : original edition on it . shoto so , what , we be gonna watch blade runner ? parzival something tell I there will be more to it than that . they pass through the door of the movie theater , and be suddenly transport to ... ext . los angele 2019 harrison ford as deckard sit at he counter seat at the noodle parlor . people speak crazy polyglot language . it be -- literally -- blade runner . 78 . parzival , aech , artemis , shoto and daito suddenly appear in the middle of the crowded street . shoto whoa . we be in blade runner ? aech it 's the immersive cut . ( look around ) think it 's the oculus criterion edition . parzival yeah , but this be not the beginning of the movie . aech we be what , eight minute in ? parzival nine forty I believe . parzival notice a counter in the corner of the screen , go down from three hour . parzival ( cont 'd ) but that 's not what 's in we hud . stay on you toe , people , this be the challenge . artemis I wonder what we be suppose to do ? shoto let 's just go ask deckard . shoto immediately head over towards the noodle shop . daito follow he . parzival hold on , that might not be ... but they have already get close enough . parzival ( cont 'd ) «+. the best idea . shoto hey , deckard . deckard look up at shoto for a moment , then he pull out he gun and shoot he . the rest of they scatter . 79 . daito take a bullet to the back and die too . he and shoto be both dead in the challenge , though they can still be hear argue in japanese over voice chat . ext . los angele 2019 parzival , artemis and aech hide in a side alley . artemis well , now we know what the challenge be . parzival do we ? aech we be replicant , the bad guy . parzival they be not the bad guy , they be misunderstand . they be more like the na xvi in avatar . aech whatever dude , split hair . artemis we expire in less than three hour . not much time . what should we do ? parzival something in the clue , '' prove how you be make '' . that 's the key . to the key . come on . he grab artemis 's hand and lead she away . aech reluctantly follow . int . interview office - tyrell corporation parzival , artemis , and aech walk through the office building from the open scene , the one with the ceiling fan and atmospheric smoke . a wall suddenly appear between they , separate they . artemis hey ! parzival remember what you ... 80 . too late , the three of they will each be do the challenge on they own . int . office - night parzival slowly approach a desk with a voight - kampff machine sit on it . he know which chair be he . to he surprise , instead of Morgan paull , the original actor , anorak sit across from he . he 's still get the cigarette and the slicked back hair . anorak you be walk through a desert and come upon a tortoise ... parzival smile , he know this part . parzival what 's a tortoise ? anorak you ever see a turtle ? parzival of course . anorak same thing . you reach down and flip it on its back . parzival do you make up this question , Mr. halliday ? anorak just answer the question . you be on a date ... that throw parzival , definitely not from the movie . anorak ( cont 'd ) at the movie . you date invite you to she place for a drink . what do you do ? parzival take a long pause . parzival I go with she . a long pause . then anorak stand up and extend he hand . 81 . anorak alright . you be not a replicant . anorak hand he a clipboard with the result to he test : passed -- human anorak ( cont 'd ) ( be : clipboard ) take this down to the next room . when parzival look down , the clipboard be now ... the jade key . when he look back up , anorak have disappear . and the office door be a jade door . he turn the key and walk through ... ext . neonoir ( oasis ) only to find artemis wait on the other side . they be back outside the movie theater . parzival what the ... artemis guess I answer quick . they look up to see the scoreboard ... artemis in the lead , parzival in second . aech step through a moment later . aech damn , you guy beat I ? aech appear on the scoreboard too . int . sixer department ( real world ) sorrento be look at image of what little be leave of the Portland Avenue stack , include Wade 's bootsuit . he talk to number six on he hud at the same time . number six I be tell you , whatever you do to he account , he 's back online . 82 . sorrento not possible , I ... delete he account . permanently . clearly six do not know exactly how deep and dirty sorrento go . number six well , look at the scoreboard . sorrento check one of the display screen , sure enough there 's parzival , second on the scoreboard , now behind artemis . sorrento we have to go about this a different way . get I she identity . number six gonna cost you extra . sorrento I do not care , just find out who she be . sorrento sign off . int . aech 's basement ( oasis ) in the Oasis , the first five clan celebrate they victory , sing along to '' we be the champion '' . in a rouse moment , aech turn to artemis . he hold up he hand for a old - fashioned high - five . aech Nice move back there . artemis ( smile ) you too . she clear she throat to get everyone 's attention . artemis ( cont 'd ) okay , ready for the third clue ? they all clap and whistle . she read ... artemis ( cont 'd ) the first be ringed in red metal / the second , in green stone / ( more ) 83 . artemis ( cont 'd ) the third be clearest crystal / and can not be unlock alone . a beat as everyone mull that over . aech what do you think , some sort of key trick ? parzival do not say anything about where the challenge be . artemis maybe that 's the trick . aech whatever , we have get time to figure it out , right ? more music ! aech throw another track on , '' my sharona . '' they all start dance again . int . reb safe house - night ( real world ) the Oasis War room at the reb safe House . Wade help artemis out of she gear . she 's hum my sharona to herself . artemis never hear that song before , it 's awesome . Wade look at she , incredulous . artemis ( cont 'd ) ( shrug ) I get into the 80 's stuff cause of the contest , not the other way around . so I guess I have get gap in my knowledge . the other day some guy say he be gonna pull a '' Lloyd dobler '' on I , I have no idea whether to thank he or punch he . WADE say anything ? artemis Excuse I ? WADE hold on . 84 . Wade speak a muffle voice command into he rig , then hold up he headphone . the sound be really good as a song come up . artemis what be it ? WADE a great song from halliday 's twenty - seventh favorite movie . music cue : '' in you eye , '' by peter gabriel . they sit together for a moment , just listen to the song . WADE ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? cynical dick can turn the page now , but the song have its magic and it work . artemis smile , clearly into it . artemis how do you know all this stuff , anyway ? WADE my Mom and dad , that 's what they grow up on . it be all atari and comic book and halliday . I do not get much time with they , they die when I be a kid , but I do inherit they taste . artemis slide closer , so she can hear better . they leg press against each other . Wade naturally rest he hand on she shoulder . artemis you ever wonder why halliday do all this ? the contest I mean . WADE I think he be cut off , y’know ? he want to be understand , but he do not know how to talk to people . so this be a way to get they to understand . artemis nod , make sense . they just listen to the song for a moment . artemis so what 's a '' Lloyd dobler ? '' Wade turn a bit red , then smile . 85 . WADE well ... it 's when a guy play a great song for a girl he 's really into , to get she to go out with he . artemis oh. she have she hand on he now . artemis ( cont 'd ) you know that thing you say , about not take a leap ... WADE ( already lean in ) yeah . before she can finish she think , Wade complete it by kissing she . he 's surprised that he make the move . she 's surprised how badly she want to kiss he back . and it 's not just a peck , not a accident , not just of the moment . it 's a long , slow kiss , and the song keep play ... int . reb safe house - WADE 's room ( real world ) ++. as Wade and artemis connect on a more physical level . and by that I mean sex . they have sex with each other . or however much people feel comfortable with this day , which be probably more prudish than it should be , but whatever . when it 's over , they fall asleep hold hand . Music take we through a time CUT . when the music end , a sleep Wade open he eye . artemis be get dress . from the moonlight come in through the window , it 's clearly the middle of the night . WADE hey . where you go ? artemis Wade ... WADE sorry if I pull a '' dobler '' on you . artemis can not help but smile . 86 . artemis this be great . I just ... WADE I get it . artemis no , I mean , I can not do this again . I can not be with you . Wade 's smile fade . WADE why ? artemis I ... we both need to be focus on the contest . WADE one do not mean the other ... artemis no , it do . artemis be hurry to pull she boot on . Wade sit up . she turn WADE hey. artemis . can you listen to I for one second ? and look at he . WADE ( cont 'd ) this clue , the one halliday be leave ? they be all say the same thing . artemis Wade ... WADE he meet someone , and he ... ( a beat ) -+. he love she . and he let it slip away . artemis Wade , you be embarrassing I . WADE I know , and I be embarrassing I too . but I know what I want . I know you feel something . I can feel it . 87 . artemis look at Wade , very confuse . artemis I be sorry , I just can not . she hurry out of the room , leave a distraught Wade behind . WADE ( 0.s. ) remember you say if I ever need help ... in the real world ? CUT to : ext . reb safe house - night reveal Wade , slip out one of the window of the reb house , backpack over he shoulder , whisper to aech over a headset . aech ( 0.s. ) course . just say it . Wade land on the ground . he head towards the light in the distance . WADE well how far away be you from Columbus ? a pause from the other end . WADE ( cont 'd ) aech ? you there ? aech yeah , I be here . not that far , maybe two hour . i’1ll come get you . WADE thanks , dude , you be a true friend . aech I know . just do not forget that , okay ? when you meet I . aech hang up , leave Wade wonder what he mean . 88 . ext . reb safe house ( real world ) two drone have gather above the reb safe House , they red light pulsing softly . a third and a fourth join they . something be go down . ext . fast food restaurant - night ( real world ) Wade linger outside of a fully automated fast food place burger chicken - corn pizzarito . there be no worker or cook , just machine that inject process protein glop into pre - roll , deep fry burrito shell . then , a rv pull up . a mocha color sunrider , at least two decade old . a patchwork of solar cell cover the rv 's roof along with a liberal amount of rust . the window be tinted black . the side door open , revealing a short asian kid who 's way too young to drive . he beckon Wade over . WADE shoto ? you be a ... kid . shoto laugh . WADE ( cont 'd ) when do you get here ? shoto we fly in yesterday . aech pick we up . join the party . int . aech be rv - continuous ( real world ) Wade climb in , see a older asian male sit in the back . WADE and you must be daito . daito just nod , he do not speak English . then , from the driver 's seat , a voice Wade do not recognize . aech ( 0.s. ) hi Wade . Wade turn to see a heavyset African american girl , about Wade 's age , with short kinky hair . WADE hi. where 's aech ? 89 . aech I be helen . my dad call I '' aech '' and it stick . Wade be shocked . WADE wait , aech ? you ? aech ugh . I know you have be mad . grab a seat . Wade barely have time to sit down before aech peel out . ext . columbus ( real world ) as dawn break , the rv roll into Columbus , the most spectacular city in the world , Paris on the scioto River . int . van -- Wade now sit in the passenger seat . the tension be palpable . aech so what be it , that I be a girl ? or Black ? maybe I be heavy , be that it ? WADE of course not . it 's just ... all that time we talk about girl ... aech oh , yeah . well , I be a lesbian . WADE really ? aech laugh . now that she 's smile , he recognize she . WADE ( cont 'd ) damn , I have no idea . shoto you do not know ? dude , you gaydar be break . aech look over at Wade . aech I be sorry I be not honest with you . 90 . WADE it do not matter . I do not tell you I be even better look in the real world . ( look around the rv ) I like you set up here . aech we keep it move . stay one step ahead . we be rig up for five if we need it ... she tap what look like a radar detector on she dash . aech ( cont 'd ) get my 40g wifi hotspot , fully encrypt . WADE cool. aech what happen with artemis ? WADE she have not realize that she love I yet . aech but you love she ? WADE do not matter . we have a key to find . aech that 's the spirit . CUT to : int . reb safe house - dawn ( real world ) artemis walk up to the second floor , look like she do not get a good night 's sleep . she knock on Wade 's door . artemis Wade ? no response . she open the door . his stuff be go . and so be he. gl . artemis ( cont 'd ) ( tear up ) damn it , Wade , I like you . then she see something strange out the window , shadow move over the front lawn . pull herself together , she go downstairs to check it out ... ext . reb safe house - dawn artemis step outside , study the strange shadow pattern on the ground . she look up and see a weird formation overhead . she squint , realize too late what it be ... the sky be filled with drone , hundred of they , like bat circle overhead . then -- blinding light a helicopter fly in , black suite security guy rush the house . artemis try to run but be tackle by ioi security . then ten more security guy rush into the house , gunfire and explosion break the night 's silence . it 's a all - out assault . CUT to : int . aech 's rv - day ( the real world ) aech drive while daito and shoto be logge in to the Oasis , keep up the hunt . it 's Wade 's turn to sleep , but he keep toss and turn , something on he mind ... finally he bolt upright . WADE I just figure it out . the crystal door . Wade climb up to the front seat . WADE ( cont 'd ) in anorak 's Castle , there 's a crystal door . aech dude , there 's a thousand anorak 's castle . WADE but I think I know which one . 92 . aech pull the rv over . ext . anorak 's castle -- planet doom ( oasis ) the vonnegut emerge in orbit on the dark side of planet doom . daito yell in japanese , shoto point out the window ... shoto look ! nolan sorrento have just jump ahead on the scoreboard . aech sorrento 's get the second key ! parzival and I think they have beat we to the third challenge ... even mile away from anorak 's Castle , they can see a enormous dome - like force field surround it . parzival ( cont 'd ) no , you gotta be kid I . the group deflate . parzival ( cont 'd ) screw they . aech Excuse I ? parzival screw they . they can not stop we that easy . I have get a idea . int . aech be rv - moving ( real world ) daito be now in the driver 's seat , shoto in the passenger seat translate into japanese . WADE ( zipping up he haptic suit ) tell he to drive in the middle lane , safely and slowly . shoto translate , daito nod . aech get in she haptic rig . they log in : ready player one ? 93 . int . ioi headquarters -- the oasis sorrento , in he office in the Oasis , receive a update through a vidfeed window in he hud . number six stand in front of anorak' castle , inside the force field . number six the intel you get from the raid be good , the challenge be in there . it 's not easy . but the perimeter 's secure , we have get time to figure it out . sorrento I be on my way . do not do anything until I get there . I want to be the one to walk through the gate . number six yeah , I figure . sorrento close the vidfeed window and exit ... int . ioi headquarters -- the oasis sorrento leave he office , head for the executive transport platform in the ioi courtyard . as he walk past the gravity - defy fountain , someone step in he way . it 's a bad - ass look samurai . despite a face mask , we recognize he as shoto . sorrento try to step around he , but shoto block he . sorrento get the hell out of my way ! do you know who I be ? shoto nolan sorrento , I send greeting from Wade watt and the first five . sorrento be you serious ? Security ! before sorrento can get the word out , shoto zap sorrento with a cattle prod . his avatar crumble to the ground . int . sorrento 's home -- the real world nolan sorrento 's eye suddenly jolt open . that actually hurt . he look around . 94 . he 's in he haptic hamster Ball , in the same room we see during the virtual tour of he home . he breathes a sigh of relief , the Oasis be so real sometimes ... relieved , he pull off he visor , then hit a button , which rotate he until he be stand . the hamster ball separate , revealing ... WADE watt , in the flesh , stand right in front of he . WADE hello nolan . Wade be point a gun at he . sorrento go pale . sorrento no , it 's not possible . sorrento climb out , catch a glimpse of he own reflection in the polished wall of the rig . it 's real world sorrento , all right . sorrento ( cont 'd ) how do you get into my home ? WADE without kill anyone . so far . shoto step out , dress in civilian clothes , but hold a sword and a taser . despite he age , the look in he eye be deadly . WADE ( cont 'd ) if you want to keep it that way , you be gonna tell we everything you know about the third challenge and how to pull down that force field . off sorrento , terrify ... CUT to : int . sorrento 's home - later the door to sorrento 's haptic rig room open up , and Wade emerge . WADE ( back into the room ) shoto , if he info be bad , start take finger . 95 . we can hear sorrento 's protest as Wade shut the door behind he . he walk away from the room , and now we reveal ... that this '' room '' be actually a virtual set inside of aech 's oasis workshop . Wade walk over to aech , who sit at a control board which have fifteen camera view of the action . WADE ( cont 'd ) he totally buy it . Wade hand aech a data packet ( remember they be in the Oasis ) and specs for the ioi force field come up in he hud . aech course he do . he 's in full haptic feedback , he can not tell where he be . WADE you hear back from arty ? aech shake he head '' no '' , Wade nod . WADE ( cont 'd ) great job on the skin , by the way . aech yeah , miss a spot or two . aech point on one of the monitor . the back of sorrento 's head be unfinish . WADE can not look at the back of you own head , right ? I would not worry about it . suddenly , there 's a earthquake - like jolt . int . aech be rv - drive -- the real world daito , drive as carefully as he can , have just drive over a huge pothole , but only because he 's try to lose ... three ioi drone it 's not clear if they be simply sweeping over or actually tailing they , but daito be take no chance . he swerve again . WADE ( 0.s. ) what the hell ? 96 . int . control room -- oasis WADE speak through he hud to daito . WADE slow and steady , D. daito let out a stream of japanese , the only recognizable word be '' ioi drone '' . aech semi-bad news . Wade turn back to aech , who have finish analyze the ioi force field . aech ( cont 'd ) the Force field be from a spell in gauntlet 2027 , Magic and physics proof . we can un - cast it , but only if we be in close proximity . WADE so we go to the castle and un -cast . aech yeah , but we better hustle . aech refer to another monitor , a live feed from a gunter clan ... outside ioi hq -- the sixer army be prepare for transport to Planet doom . thousand of they . WADE okay , let 's wrap this up . they turn back to the feed of sorrento . to they surprise , shoto not only have he sword to he throat , he be angrily interrogate he . shoto if you be lie , I cut off you hand . sorrento I be not , do not ! they do not kill she , she 's still alive ! Wade suddenly look up . WADE what do he say ? 97 . sorrento the girl , artemis . we do not kill she in the raid . we have she ! Wade and aech exchange a look . int . sorrento 's fake deck Wade storm into the room and grab sorrento by the collar . WADE where be she ? sorrento ioi , with the other sixer ! she 's fine , a little bruise but ... WADE go for sorrento and shoto have to hold he back . shoto ( under he breath ) chill , Wade . you will wake he up . Wade turn away from sorrento , whisper to aech . WADE tell daito to head for ioi hq , in the rw . now. aech ( 0.s. ) on it . ext . aech 's rv - drive but daito have he own issue . more drone close in overhead . daito have to drive into a tunnel to evade they . a ioi drine explode as it hit the tunnel strut . but as the van pass into the tunnel , the signal weaken ... int . sorrento 's fake rig room the loss of the signal cause the room to pixelate , just for a moment . sorrento catch it . sorrento what be that ? sorrento look at he reflection again , and this time notice something strange about the back of he head . he try to contort himself so he can see it , but it 's not easy . 98 . another bump , another glitch ... sorrento 's eye narrow . he know what 's go on . sorrento ( cont 'd ) you slimy little bastard . guess what , I be gonna hurt you little girlfriend . suddenly sorrento start pull at wire that do not seem to be there and ... he disappear ! int . ioi headquarters - day the real sorrento wake up in he actual home , in he real rig , he high - impact haptic skull piece no longer attach . he carefully open he hamster ball ... there 's no one there . furious , sorrento scramble out of he unit for real . int . aech be rv - day aech drive as fast as she can in the direction of ioi headquarters , which be visible , not that far away . WADE go faster ! aech go as fast as I can . this be not my spinner . it 's true , compare to the Oasis , drive in the real world be painfully slow . aech ( cont 'd ) can I just make a point here ? WADE no. aech the sixer be at the castle on doom , but they will not take the key without sorrento . so we have a short window to get out there ... Wade shake he head . 99 . WADE I be go after artemis . aech but Wade ... think this through . WADE I love she , aech . aech sigh , she understand . aech I get it , but break into ioi in the Oasis be not the same as do it in real life ... oh , crap ! suddenly , aech swerve ... ext . street of columbus aech 's rv have be cut off by a tesla limo - bus , the kind kid in the future take to prom . aech immediately throw the van in reverse ... but a second tesla , a electricity - guzzle sedan , have they block off . aech dude . we be f-ed . WADE we gotta run for it . before they can go for the door , a figure step out into the street , call to they . figure ( 0.s. ) aech ! do not be a moron ! get out of you car ! Wade look at aech . WADE who be that ? aech it 's not sorrento . figure ( 0.s. ) all of you , stop juggling you nad and get out here , time be tick tick into the future . 100 . ext . limo van they four of they tentatively exit the van and walk towards the figure , slowly . figure can you please walk faster ? before all the bad thing happen ? aech ven ? the voice be the same , but it do not look like David Cross . and yet that be unmistakably the inflection of the vendor , who be now reveal to be ... ogden morrow . int . limo van Ogden lead they into the back of the giant tesla party - mobile . morrow ( to the driver ) take we to the back entrance of iol . the driver pull out as morrow rummages through a bag of stuff . morrow ( cont 'd ) I be impressed with you guy . particularly you , Wade , you really pick up on halliday 's message very quickly . WADE one thing I still do not understand , who be the girl , and why Bethesda fountain ? morrow smile wistfully . morrow her name be kira . and she be my wife . and Bethesda Fountain , that be the last place I ever see halliday . off the four , still not understanding ... 101 . ext . bethesda fountain - flashback halliday and morrow argue in the real Central Park , circa 2017 . morrow you have to let it go , Jim . do you understand how insane this be ? halliday I do not have to do anything . you steal she from I . morrow stole ? kira and I be get marry . you go on one date with she , fifteen year ago . halliday be clearly not think straight . halliday she be the one . the only one . and you betrayed I . you be out ! morrow have tear in he eye . halliday walk away , leave a stunne morrow alone at the fountain . int . limo van - back to present morrow be emotional recalling the moment . morrow after kira die -- and then he get sick too -- he send I a letter . very unlike he . it only have two word on the page . '' I be sorry . '' aech ( tear up ) damn . now I be get emotional . morrow this contest be he confessional . he want someone to fix the mistake he make . or simply not make they again . the limo Van come to a halt . 102 . morrow ( cont 'd ) as a major shareholder , I be not suppose to interfere , but that luckbox kidnap you lady , and that be not cool . here ... he hand Wade and aech id card . for ioi . aech how have you get this ? morrow I be super , super obscenely rich . I can get anything I want . ( then ) now go . save you girl . and the Oasis . the four of they jump out of the car . int . ioi headquarters ( real world ) sorrento , in he own car , be moment away from ioi hq . sorrento have my rig ready . after I talk to the girl , I be go in . ext. / int . ioi headquarters - day Wade and aech use they id card to enter ioi hq . they act casual , careful not to raise suspicion from ioi security . WADE I will head up to the sixer floor . you hit the computer ? aech get it . they split off . ext . ioi headquarters ( real world ) sorrento pull into the executive lot . he literally throw he key at the valet parking guy . 103 . ext . planet doom ( oasis ) artemis be on a virtual chain gang , help to fortify ioi defense around Castle anorak . she drag she foot , a supervisor glare at she , but then suddenly , she see the log out screen ... int . sixer bullpen artemis emerge from the Oasis to see WADE stand over she rig . artemis Wade ? oh my God , Wade , you come for I ! she embrace he , then he kiss her . WADE come on , we need to move . he pull she out of the rig . ext . ioi courtyard -- real world Wade lead artemis by the hand across the courtyard . artemis wait , the exit be over here . WADE we be not leave , we be log in . artemis look at he , surprised . WADE ( cont 'd ) no one 's beat the third challenge yet . you be the one who convinced I . this need to be do . artemis well then we be do it together . but where ... WADE the one place they will not think to look , and where they will not find we if they do . Wade lead she to the adjacent ioi loyalty CENTER . 104 . int . ioi headquarters ( real world ) sorrento enter the sixer department , only to see one of he befuddle functionary stand next to the rig artemis be just in . sorrento no . you be kid I . sixer she be in here ... sorrento I think you have she tethere ? sixer we do , sir . sorrento well find she ! damn you , find her ! the sixer run off , frighten . int . loyalty CENTER Wade and artemis run through the row of hundred of haptic deck , look for one in particular . WADE ( into comm ) talk to I , aech . aech ( 0.s. ) it 's in the seventh row ... exactly eleven unit from the end ! with aech 's direction , Wade quickly locate the rig . they swing it open , revealing ... artemis lajeremy ! it 's lajeremy , artemis 's neighbor with the mohawk . Wade undoe he restraint . WADE you debt be officially pay off . lajeremy thank you artemis ! you too ... dude . he bolt out of there . artemis get in . Wade climb in to the next deck . 105 . WADE first to the key ... artemis first to the egg ! int . sixer department -- the real world sorrento pace up and down the row of the sixer department , urging he troops on . sorrento come on , people , first one to get to the final screen get a bonus . I be count on you . a sixer approach . sixer Sir , we have reason to believe artemis be still on the premise . sorrento where ? sixer I do not know , but she 's in the Oasis right now . int . the vonnegut -- the oasis indeed she be in the Oasis , fly the vonnegut to Planet doom , while parzival stream out a message . parzival fellow gunter , today the assclown at ioi find the third challenge and they put a force field around it . they think we be too busy fight each other to notice . nolan sorrento think the gamer in the Oasis will never pull it together . parzival pause for dramatic effect . parzival ( cont 'd ) well I say , tell that to the gunter clan in the gold mine of ludus . ( more ) 106 . parzival ( cont 'd ) tell it to the anon and the channer , the newb in the reddit Army and the 98th level ninja magic user ... as parzival speak , we see he message broadcast ... ext . incipio -- the oasis on every billboard , on every blimp , on every screen , in every head up display ... all over incipio , avatar stop what they be do to watch parzival 's message on they live stream . parzival tell it to theme gunter clan , the dothraki klingon Alliance , the trekky , the 8 bit Warrior from the atari system , the stat-head from the fantasy Sports guild . ext . the real world ( various ) now we focus on individual in the real world ; a portly kid sweat it out in he cheap haptic rig ; a cute cheerleader type in a glossy pink immersion unit ; a lan party of 12 - year - old pimple - face geek in the stack of Memphis . ext . planet doom - appomattox ( oasis ) on the hill of a civil war reenactment , Union and confederate soldier stand side by side , look up at the message in the sky . parzival I be parzival of the first five , in the name of artemis and aech and daito and shoto , we call on all gunter ! ext . time square ( oasis ) avatar watch parzival make he declaration on the jumbotron in Times Square ... parzival join we in glory ! meet we on the dark side of Planet doom ! in the name of halliday himself , fight for the future of the Oasis ! 107 . a battle cry rise up from a million soul . ship launch into orbit . Transport platform be overrun . int . ioi headquarters sorrento watch from the sixer division , grow increasingly frustrated as none of he sixer have get close to the final key . he get a message from number six . number six ( 0.s ) hey , sorrento , look like we have get company . ext . castle anorak number six stand outside the Castle . sorrento appear in a vidfeed window , watch with he . they peer into the distance . parzival stand atop the high point of anorak 's fence , hold a boombox above he head . we hear the first few strain of high -pitch guitar ... parzival first to the key , first to the egg ! and now the fiery earwig of death that be blackened by metallica thunder out into the air . and a army of gunter rush past parzival and down towards the castle , all of they chant ... gunter first to the key , first to the egg ! a squadron of flying vehicle scream across the sky . on the hilltop -- artemis swerve up in the delorean . parzival jump in , and off they go . ext . castle anorak number six notice that sorrento have disappear from he hud . he turn to look back at the horde . number six they 'il never get through the force field . 108 . ext . castle anorak the vonnegut , shoto at the helm , fly over the top of the Castle . daito leap out from the belly of the ship and fall towards the force field . just as he 's about to hit , he utter the magic incantation of undoing ... daito raykassarrassakyar! +. and the spell be un - cast ! ext . castle anorak -- oasis sorrento zap in on the transport platform and walk over to number six , just as the force field suddenly vanish . number six what the hell ? sorrento , armore up , yell a order to he troops . sorrento sixer Army , do not let they through the castle wall ! attack ! the sixer Army race out to meet the enemy . ext . valley of doom a overhead shot of the two massive army racing towards each other . WADE ( v.o. ) geek the world over would sing song of that day . the day the citizen of the Oasis rise up with a mighty fist and collectively ram it up ioi 's hairy sphincter . to the metaphorical elbow . within the gunter horde we find the delorean , weaving past all manner of avatar and vehicle . ext . valley of doom the delorean bounce across the rocky field , plow through and around sixer and they ally . parzival open he gull wing door and lean out , steering with one hand . 109 . parzival sniper rifle ! a sniper rifle suddenly appear in he hand . WADE ( v.o. ) they say I drive and snipe at the same time . I do not know that it 's ever be do before , maybe I have auto-aim on , but I know that body fall by my hand . the army grow closer and closer . parzival pop off a shot that blow up a sixer jeep . WADE ( v.o. ) the sweat of a hundred thousand nerd pour forth that day . it be violent and aggressive and slightly nsfw . and now the army meet ! it 's a insane fight , every kind of avatar one can imagine , as if Peter Jackson stage a battle with cosplayer from comicon . WADE ( v.o. ) they send troll ... huge trolls stomp across the battlefield , one of they about to stomp on the delorean ... WADE ( v.o. ) ... and we counter with Giants . ++. until a enormous robotic hand reach down , grab the troll and fling it across the valley . it 's the iron giant , drive by aech . int . iron giant aech be steering the Iron giant from he customize cockpit . aech eat giant metal , bitch ! int . delorean artemis take over behind the wheel as parzival fire off more sniper shot . he run out of ammo and toss the gun . 110 . parzival more weapon ! artemis staff of pierce ? artemis toss he a data packet that become a long spear in he hand . parzival staff of pierce ! he throw it , skewer eleven sixer at once . artemis nuchakus of destiny ! they appear in parzival 's hand and he smack a disgusting orc with they , literally knock it into next week . artemis ( cont 'd ) bow of end ! parzival fire a destructive arrow , and now other gunter get into the action , offer they own inventory to parzival . he repeat the name of each as he use they . parzival anti-personnel ordinance cannon ! Rail gun ! axe gun ! a gun that fire axe . silly , but effective . gunter velociraptor ! parzival throw a full grow dinosaur at a group of sixer . gunter 2 grenade disguise as a kitten ! parzival , a bit surprised , look down at the cute kitten now in he hand . he shrug and throw it . in the field -- a group of sixer look down at the cute widdle kitty ... she purr and then explode , incinerate they . parzival ( solemnly ) musket of infinite velocity . 111 . a musket , courtesy of aech , appear in parzival 's hand . he fire it and a musket ball smashes through a sixer , then continue and literally circle the planet before smash into the next sixer , and the next one ... WADE ( v.o. ) sixer blood run safe - for-teen green in the river of Planet doom , in the shadow of anorak 's lair . ext . castle anorak sorrento , start to get nervous , see that the tide be turn . he page through he hud , look for the right weapon . ext . anorakak castle shoto and daito be at the front line , expertly cut down troll and ioi soldier with they samurai sword , try to clear the one bridge into the castle when ... they come face to face with a sauron / smaug / voldemort mash up . forty foot tall , one huge eye stare down at they menacingly . shoto and daito brandish they sword and face off with the creature , realize ... it 's sorrento . sorrento make short work of daito , though shoto manage to hack off one of he hand . then aech step in as the iron giant . he squashes sorrento . int . ioi headquarters ( real world ) sorrento , infuriate , find himself logge out of he rig . he rush to get out of the rig and take another sixer 's spot , when he be approach by ioi Security . ioi security Sir , we have find they . they be in the loyalty center . sorrento follow the guard . ext . anorakak castle artemis , drive now , steer away from the main gate where the battle be still be pitch . 112. parzival all the other bridge be destroy , we need to go through the main gate . artemis too many obstacle . she head for one of the shattered side bridge . it have collapse into the water , but part of it stick up , almost like ... a ramp . parzival could just be a glitch . artemis c'mon Z , what have we learn ? there be no glitches . halliday put it there for a reason . the delorean roar up the collapse bridge , hit the ramped part , and take off ... jumping the moat the same way artemis once jump the cement truck ... and landing right in front of the castle , crush some sixer in the process . artemis and parzival prepare to enter the Castle when suddenly ... the iron giant reach down and deposit aech next to they . a moment later shoto and daito drop in . the five of they enter the Castle . int . anorakak castle as we team wander down a cobblestone corridor , they can hear a sixer struggle with the challenge . sixer ( 0.s. ) no. no ! tentatively the five step inside the Castle 's cavernous great Hall to find ... the final challenge be deceivingly simple . it 's a stand up arcade cabinet of donkey kong . the stress - out sixer make a mistake . sixer ( cont 'd ) crap ! this effing barrel ! 113 . and poof , he disappear . clearly you get one shot at the challenge , then you have to start over another day . parzival turn to look at the troops . parzival everyone ready for some donkey Kong ? number six ( 0.s. ) not so fast . they turn to see number six wait for they , hold a briefcase . parzival who be you ? number six name 's number six . aech what 's cha get there , paperwork ? number six briefcase nuke . sorry bucko , but a job 's a job . number six hit a button on the handle ... boom ! a sound like the entire universe crack in half . WADE ( v.o. ) when you avatar get kill , you point of view shift into third - person , give you a out - of - body replay of you final moment . WADE 's Pov -- a incinerating white light fill the world , accompany by a earsplit wall of sound . a blast disintegrate everything , all the gunter and sixer outside , all the dragon and robot and bunny . even the first five be incinerate , to a fine , atomize dust , suspend in the air for a moment before slowly settling to earth . 114 . WADE ( v.o. ) I wait for the inevitable , final message to appear in my display , the word I know every other avatar in the sector must be see at this very moment . anorak' castle remain stand , and the donkey Kong arcade cabinet be still there . otherwise , the place be empty . WADE ( v.o. ) game over . but instead , a different message appear : congratulation ! you have a extra life ! parzival 's avatar reappear , fade back into existence right where he would die a few second earlier . WADE ( v.o. ) in the history of the oasis , there be no record of any avatar ever acquire a extra life . he look down to see that everything he would be carry be go , and he avatar now wear a black T-shirt and blue jeans , the default outfit on every newly create avatar . parzival hello ? can anyone hear I ? silence . he reach in he pocket , pull out ... the quarter . only now do we realize that it be make of the same high - definition material as the key , it be a special , gleam quarter . WADE ( v.o. ) morrow have give I the most powerful weapon in all of the Oasis . parzival walk up to the donkey Kong cabinet . he drop the quarter in . int . ioi headquarters ( the real world ) sorrento and he Security team race into the loyalty Center bullpen . sorrento tap a screen , bring up a guide to who 's in which rig . on the screen -- every rig have the same name , nolan sorrento . 115 . sorrento let 's go , rig by rig , start check ! the team spread out through the room , open one rig after another , search for Wade and artemis . int . anorakak castle ( oasis ) parzival calmly progress through a game of donkey Kong . WADE ( v.o. ) I could tell you it be the most epic game of donkey Kong I would ever play ... we time lapse parzival play a really long game of donkey Kong , intercut with sorrento and he man open rig after rig ... WADE ( v.o. ) but it be actually easier than I expect . halliday 's score be not that great . parzival finish a level , he score overtake halliday 's , donkey Kong fall off the scaffold , and in the process let go of what he be hold . no , not the princess ... the crystal key it leap off the screen and appear in front of parzival . he snatch it out of the air . int . loyalty CENTER ( real world ) sorrento be start to lose hope that he will find they , the room be so big , there be so many rig to check ... int . anorakak castle ( oasis ) parzival approach the legendary unopenable crystal gate . it be fame for its lack of a keyhole , but today it have three keyhole . parzival take out the copper Key and place it into the first key hole . then he put the jade key in the second , and the crystal key in the third . he turn the three key one by one , then ... the crystal gate open , lead into a spin whirlpool of star . parzival step through the gate ... 116 . int . anorak 's castle - study ( oasis ) and into anorak 's study . tower shelf line the room , fill with ancient scroll and dusty spellbook . and float in the center of the room ... the egg . parzival stare at it , a large white oval with pixelate edge . he gently take it in he hand , in awe . directly beneath a black dragon painting , on a ornate crystal pedestal , sit a gold chalice , encrust with tiny jewel . its diameter match that of parzival 's silver egg . parzival place the egg in the chalice . it fit perfectly . in the distance , a fanfare of trumpet grow , and the egg begin to glow . voice ( 0.s. ) you win . parzival turn to see anorak stand right behind he . his obsidian black robe seem to pull the sunlight out of the room . anorak the game be over . it 's time for you to receive you prize . anorak hold out a long -finger hand . parzival hesitates , then he take it . cascade bolt of blue lightning erupt in the space between they , they spiderweb tine envelop they both . when the lightning subside , anorak be no longer dress in he black wizard 's robe . in fact , he no longer look like anorak at all . he 's James halliday . pale , middle - age , dress in he Space invader T-shirt . when parzival look down at he own avatar , he see he be now wear anorak 's robe . the icon and readout around the edge of he hud now show he stat all completely max out . he now have a list of spell , inherent power , and magic item that seem to scroll on forever . and he credit readout now display a number twelve digit long . 117 . halliday congratulation , parzival . you avatar be immortal and all - powerful . whatever you want , all you have to do be wish for it . pretty sweet , right ? parzival Super sweet . halliday lean toward parzival and lower he voice . halliday so you ready to run this place ? parzival actually , I be go to split it with my friend . halliday ( nod ) good think . you need someone you can trust , worst mistake I ever make be think I could do it alone . parzival I have get someone I trust , Mr. halliday . halliday do not ever let she go . halliday disappear . parzival barely have a moment to register that he 's go when he 's violently pull from the oasis . int . ioi headquarters - the real world Wade be suddenly pull out of the Oasis and back into the real world . his rig be surround by ioi Security , who also hold artemis hostage . nolan sorrento hold a gun up to Wade . sorrento out . get out of the rig . Wade climb out , though he leave he headset with the microphone face out . sorrento ( cont 'd ) the notion that a piece of stack - trash like you would ever run the Oasis be laughable . the entire system would fall apart in day . 118 . WADE maybe . but it 's better than the future you have get plan out , you can of monkey ball . sorrento well , I guess we will just see about that . because you be not walk out of here alive . WADE I think you forget , I have already win . I be a God in the Oasis . sorrento you be not in the Oasis anymore . WADE no , but once I tell everyone that they be release from any debt incur while in the Oasis and be therefore free to log out right now , well ... sorrento turn to see hundred of people , rise up out of they rig . WADE ( cont 'd ) I guess the question be , how many bullet do you have in that gun , punk ? the crowd of downtrodden '' loyalist '' close in on sorrento . artemis put the gun down , sorrento . it 's over . the Guards , see they have no chance , let artemis go . WADE she 's right , nolan . and before you do anything stupider , you might want to hear about the offer I be prepare to make you , now that I be in charge . sorrento be nothing if not pragmatic . he put the gun down . Wade take it away from he , and then some of the loyalist grab he . sorrento well , what 's you proposal ? 119 . WADE dude , you kill a whole bunch of people include my aunt . you be go to jail , that 's my proposal . sorrento yell as he be drag away . WADE ( cont 'd ) do not drop the soap ! ext . ioi headquarters - day ( real world ) as sorrento be take into police custody , Wade and artemis be join by aech , shoto and daito . they do a communal three slap hi-five , because as goofy as it look , that be what 's cool in 2044 . WADE first to the key ... all first to the egg ! by the fountain Wade and artemis share a quiet moment away from the crowd . he take she hand . WADE so what happen now ? artemis I do not know . WADE maybe we should buy a really nice apartment and move in together . artemis well , we only just meet a few day ago . WADE yeah . but I be in love with you . artemis 's lower lip start to tremble . artemis you be sure about that ? WADE yes . I be . and I be not gonna miss my chance to tell you . 120 . artemis lean over and kiss he . we begin to pull back ... WADE ( v.o . ) as we stand there , kissing , it occur to I that for the first time in as long as I could remember ... the kiss be still go ... WADE ( v.o. ) «+ . I have absolutely no desire to log back into the oasis . and as we pull back , back , we hear another voice ... kid ( 0.s. ) do all of that really happen ? historian ( 0.s. ) exactly as it be tell . int . WADE watt biography -- the oasis a young boy 's avatar -- ernie , age ten -- follow the historian as he amble down a long hallway , close all the door they have open . the narration of the movie have indeed be Wade tell he own story , just as halliday tell he . ernie but what happen with the first five ? do Wade share the Oasis with they ? historian of course . well , until the great schism . but that 's next door , in volume three . ernie the what ? historian after the War of the Oasis , in volume two , there be the great schism . when shoto raise a army of ... ( catch himself ) I do not want to spoil it . off you go now , you class be leave . 121 . ernie do you know any cheat for aech 's scavenger hunt ? historian no , and if I do I would not tell you . off we go . ernie i’1l come back tomorrow . historian no need . try another book . or maybe video game ? ernie I love parzival and I be come back every single day ! and I be gonna write my own memoir ! the historian look less than thrilled as Ernie race off to catch up with he class as they exit . ext . memoir -opolis ( oasis ) a long line of people snake down the street , all wait to enter the most popular biography on memoiropolis : ready player one : the story of Z@ Wade 's story be divide into three separate building , one for each volume . as we pan past the line , we reveal other memoir , some more crowded than other : cooking with sword -- shoto and daito 's poorly review cookbook . the hunt for jrc -- a badass account of how artemis hunt down a rogue jarichard Cheney in the Oasis Wars . and finally ... oasis 2.0 , aech 's account of how she build the mysterious and frightening second Oasis , that some claim exist inside the first Oasis . Ernie walk past they all , a smile on he face , a sparkle in he eye . inspire , as we all be , by a great story ... no matter what form it might take . game over .