* ' we pret-a-porter by Robert altman & Barbara shulgasser of * ~ F ! cc : kristine andersen 10349 caribou Lane Los Angeles , CA 90077 pre -title sequence : int - desk top - day 1 we see a man 's hand fold a necktie on a desk . a scissor be bring into the frame . the man find the label on the tie , which be write in the Russian alphabet and cut it off . he now slip the tie into a envelope . he write a vrief note , address it to olivier de la fontaine at a Paris address , and add a Russian stamp . int - bedroom suite - friday morning 2 olivier do LA fontaine , elegantly dress in a blue suit , be prepare to go out . a butler bring the mail to he in he dress room on a tray . he see the Russian return address and open the envelope , find the tie , which we can see he think be ugly , and read the note . he shrug and remove the tie he be wear . int - walk - in closet - day 3 from the back we see olivier in he large closet wear only a shirt , the tie , he sock and shoe . he be hold the tie against he many suit , shaking he head , finally pull a grey suit off the hanger . int - the louvre tent / fashion show 4 look down the length of the runway , we see a model traipsing toward we . ( title sequence ) this be see in black and white through the viewfinder of a video camera . we camera pull up and backward . now , on leave of screen we look through the video camera at the model while the rest of the screen show we the model herself . as the camera pull further back , we can see more model on the runway - a fashion show be in progress - and several tier of television camera below . track shot along the edge of the runway of model ' foot in outrageous shoe . we focus be on what 's ahind the foot , the photographer who stand in a trench below runway level shoot the model . when we reach ludi ter steege , who be flirt with the model . he photograph . closeup of a journalist be notebook be furiously scribble in , then a row of notebook in lap of writer seat at the pret . olivier ( wear the tie , and a grey suit ) seat next to nathalie lo in the front row . she be wear something red , she sartorial trademark . 1 ( continued ) continued : several model come down the runway , include dane simpson , kiki simpson , and a model know as albertine . they be dress in variation on the trench coat theme , dark glass and hat . some be wear purse that be shape like shoulder holster . one model reach into she holster and pull out a compact , which she open and peer into . the theme music from " goldfinger " be play . jack lowenthal seat behind he mother , nathalie . photographer ludi smile at the model flirtatiously as they walk the runway . all of they ignore he . the model look icily perfect and unruffled . int - backstage - day here the model be less poise , tear off outfit and racing into other , assist by dresser who preside over rack where the clothing hang , as well as chart carefully outline the outfit and accessory . control chaos reign . in the corner , squinting through a hole in the stage curtain be the nervous designer , watch for audience reaction . albertine come off stage , pull off she clothes and walk around in she underwear aim a video camera , recording the mania . her dresser calis she over to get ready for she next outing . int - louvre tent / fashion show - day ludi look at he watch , put he camera down , whisper something to the photographer next to rim , who be a attractive woman . he hand she two roll of film , kiss she and leave . olivier , who leok at he watch . he excuse himself to nathalie , kiss she hand and leave . ext - do gaulle airport - day olivier arrive at airport where a television crew be wait for he . the BBC be do a news show on celebrity arrive for the pret-a-porter . olivier ( in prench , to he driver ) there 's the BBC truck . pull over . olivier enter the terminal . the producer come run over . olivier ( in English ) sorry I be late . 1 ( continued ) continued : producer thank God , you be here . I think we say you be go to wear blue . never mind . let 's get a little makeup on you . sergei oblomov , dress in a well cut brown tweed suit , come through custom . as he pass the barrier , he look around furtively and then toss he passport into the nearest trash bin . he have no luggage . int - airport . baggage claim - day baggage come up @ carousel ramp . one bag be bust open ; clothes hang out of the bag . the owner gasp . sergei appear to be look for someone . he spot olivier . although olivier be be interview , he acknowledge see serget by straighten bis tie . they be both wear the same eous tie . more baggage come up the automated ramp . we see most of the principal arrive , spot they luggage . sissy wanamaker , the vogue editor , be collect match vuitton piece . olivier stand in front of a camera , speak stiffly . we can not hear what he 's say . we see this through the cameraman 's video monitor in black and white , which also take in the going on at baggage claim beind olivier . we hear airport sound . the producer be stand behind the cameraman , nodd as olivier talk . olivier : and here be sissy wanamaker , the editor of american voque . how be you , sissy ? welcome to Paris . int - airport - day major bowle , wear a bow tie and carry a cigar , look for he luggage . a group of traveler disembark from they flight , complain . passenger I will never go coach again . a cattle car . " among this passenger be a frazzle and unkempt woman , louise bowle . ( contienued ) continued : more luggage on the carousel . regina krumm , the New York Times fashion editor , amy austen and binky ulrich , New York Times magazine photographer and writer , arrive . we see some of they through the video camera lens . , olivier ( still stiff but poise as he get use to the dariil ) and here be Regina xrumm , the New York Times fashion editor . come say a few word . regina approach and stand awkwardly next to olivier . regina I do not see how the french will be able to measure up to the italian show , olivier . armani be peerless this year . olivier ( with a nervous laugh ) we french do not waste time worry about what italian be up to . just like you Americans and the japanese , eh ? regina give he a dismissive look . they both look into the camera uncomfortably for a moment . the producer make wild hand gesture , and point to a approach woman . olivier thank you , Regina . and here be America 's ande dame cf fashion , slim Chrysler . video image of slim chrysler approach . she be wear a stylize trench coat and fedora , like t bogart wear in " casablanca . " olivier and slim as they be in mid-interview through the video cameraman 's viewfinder . slim yes , I will be write a few fun piece for british vogue and set up some photo shoot . and I be host a cocktail party for american vogue and a few designer I be work with . you know , the usual thing . ( continued ) 1 continued : ( 2 ) the interview be over . as slim begin to move away , olivier whisper . olivier we must talk . slim about what ? olivier a friend have arrive unexpectedly . olivier nod towards sergei . slim see he . he be across the room lean on a car rental counter . slim ( as she begin to walk away ) thank God I do not wear neckty . call I at the meurice . the major and louise collect they luggage separately . he hire a porter to carry he leather monogramm garment bag . she have twe large case , beat up samsonite , which she carry erself . major bowle , wheeling he leather luggage through be stop by olivier for a interview . olivier here be a buyer for Marshall field in Chicago . monsieur bowle , Major they call you , be not it ? you be in the army ? sissy , wait for she limo driver . she ia wear something skin tight but chic . she seductively eye a attractive young man , ludi , who be carry camera equipment . he dress italian . he start towards she and she be pleased , assume that she jacredibie allure be work again . ludi walk straight up to er . lopi sissy wanamaker ? ( now she think he recognize she because she 's famous . ) I be you man . sissy I beg you pardon ? ( contenued ) uw 9 , 210 la 's r~ ! ' of ~ continued : ( 3 ) 9 ludi you hire I . I be you photographer . I be here with you imo . he offer she he hand to shake . she smile but do not take it , hand he one of she bag instead . sissy grab the rest and meet I outside at the car . ext - airport - day 10 the major get into a limousine . louise take the bus into Paris . ext - paris STREET - day il a busy intersection near the Louvre , where Assistant prefect of Police marcel forget be oversee the proceedings as worker set up for the pret-a-porter . many trunk full of ciothes for the show be be wheeled through the street . truck with designer 's name on they be crossing at a narrow bridge nearby . lot of cop in squad car and on motorcycle be park all around . a cop be direct traffic . forget be view from inside he car . at this narrow bridge , a large truck try to get through . also at the bridge be the cab and limousine ( and the bus ) carry everyone from the airport into town . the truck be so large that the cop stop the rest of the traffic in order to allow it to maneuver from a side street onto the bridge . forget fume at the cop 's incompetence . forget ( exasperate ) look how he 's hold up traffic . he run cut to take the matter into he own hand . the truck be slowly back up and return . a few more turn and it will negotiate the pass . forget arrive on foot , yell at the cop to get thing move . forget look at this car pile up . porget rush over to the cab of the truck and tell the driver to cut he wheel sharply to the leave and get a move on . forget he can not just block the street . we have a city to run here . ( cont [ nued ) il 12 continued : . il the driver do as instruct and the entire truck turn over block traffic om both side of the road . no one on the bridge can move . int - limo - day , 12 olivier ride in he limousine with sergei . olivier so , what 's better , English or french ? you note be in English . sergei nod . olivier what name be you go by ? sergel sergei oblomov for now . olivier it 's nice to finally meet you . this work out so conveniently . I have to be at the airport anyway for that English television business . ridiculous , some of the thing you have to do to promote french fashion . it 's worse than run a embassy . sergei I can imagine . olivier ( heartily ) so business be slow for we this day , @h ? it 's hard to be a agent when communism be dead . I have not hear from you in so iong I be beginning to wonder if the network have be dismanty . sergei well , there be not much that we need from you once the wall come down in Berlin . much less expensive to just walk across the street than send courier all over . olivier so you be not here for long ? I see you have no luggage . '' ( continued ) 12 continued : 12 sergei well , I leave in a bit of a hurry . I do not even have any money . olivier oh ? . sergei I be actually here to ask you a favor . olivier ( look concerned for the first time ) oh ? the car stop . traffic have come to a standstill . olivier knock on the divider to get the driver 's attention . olivier ( in french ) Pierre , what 's the trouble ? pierre a truck be overturn ahead . there be police . olivier shrug . olivier ( in English ) always something with Paris @river . good thing I bring lunch . ( he pull out a basket , in which there be bread , a plate of ham , cheese and wine . he put ham on bread ) will you have a sandwich ? jambon . have some . sergei no , thank you . olivier I insist . you mst be starve . airplane food . olivier thrust a sandwich into sergei 's hand . sergei hold it through the rest of the scene . olivier take a large bite and drop crumb all over he suit . ( continued ) ' 12 continued : ( 2 ) 12 olivier { brush himself off ) do not worry , I will be careful of you tie . { he laugh at he own - little joke ) so , be you go to be meeting with any other operative ? sergei it would be nice to meet with that woman , fido ? ' the one who work for dior . olivier I will arrange a meeting . sergel so you will finally tell I she actual name . olivier you will see she face . you might as well know she name , too . ? 13 int - limo - day 13 pull out sissy be lock into a compact mirror , brush she hair . ludi a packet of cigarettes , put one in he mouth and offer one to sissy . sissy you can not possibly smoke in here . there 's no air . : ( he light up ) what 's the point of my have quit if you be just go to ehut I up in a box full of smoke ? ( knock impatiently on the partition between she and the driver ) : when be we go to get move ? lupi do not wear yourself out . you have get a lot of work ahead of you . 14 int - taxi - day : 14 binky be with amy . ( continued ) i4 be 16 17 io . — — continued : 14 binky be that all you ever wear ? the last time I see you you be dress in some army thing , too . amy that be british army . this be peruvian . ext - limo - day be Inside olivier 's limousine , we see through the window that sergei be talk calmly . olivier be fussing with he sandwich , have take a big bite and be chew . suddenly he eye grow wide and he start respond to sergei fiercely . int - limo - day os 16 olivier how can you suggest this after all we have do together ? it 's a outrage . sergei : Times have change . everyone want to live well now . olivier be chew during this . in the midst of the sputtering , olivier suddenly can not talk and start choke on he food . sergei try to hit he on he back but olivier turn blue and stop move . sergei examine he , look panicky . when he realize that olivier be dead , a calm come over he . he rifle olivier 's pocket for a wallet , take the money , wipe the wallet for fingerprint and check the rest of olivier 's pocket . he find a number of invitation to fashion show and stuff they into he pocket . sergei then leap out of the limo , rip he jacket as he leave . he run out into the traffic jam and be stick . the driver hear the door siam and look back to see olivier slump over . he run out and into the back to see if he can help olivier . he realize he employer be dead . ext - traffic jam - day 17 pierre ( yeliing ) stop that man . murder . Police . sergei jump on the trunk of a stick car and start run away over the car roof . ( continued ) ' rno ' 17 '' } 18 on , } 19 ~~ il . continued : i? amy austen , the New York Times photographer , stick she telephoto lens out of she car window and shoot a roll of the escape serge . forget in he police car . forget what the hell be that ? forget see a man fly across car top and order the police officer on the scene to give chase . forget wait , lose he temper . forget well , get someone to get this truck upright . do I have to do everything ? int - limo - day 18 sissy wanamaker be one of the people stick on the bridge . like the rest , she be be detain by the pentse for questionin about the alleged murder . a policeman with a enormous nose 18 lean into she window take note . policeman and where be you stay in Paris , Madame ? sissy the crillon . policeman we will talk to you further there . { to the ariver} drive on . int - dog show - day 13 claude do LA fontaine , olivier 's widow , be ad : usting the coiffeur of she prize --- bichon frisse . she be at a dog show outside of Paris . hundred of other master - dog pair be await pocoment at the show . Television camera crew be milk the maximum out of the resemblance of dog and they owner . prefect of police henri tantpis be next to claude , coo to he bulldog . tantpis Claude , leave well enough alone . claude stop brush the dog and shrug , then brushes a wisp of she own hair with the dog brush . ( cowrtnue ) 19 - } 21 continued : . 19 a uniform official approach tantpis and whisper something to he . tantpis Claude , it 's olivier . claude what be it ? tantpis he 's dead . ( he put he arm around she . she shrug it off ) I will get the car . claude do not look upset . she pull a garment out of she bag , a small trench coat , and buckle it onto the dog . ext - crillon HOTEL entrance - day 20 a hotel porter be clean up a portion of dog dropping outside the hotel . sissy exit she limo and be accost by a panhandler . sissy ( she recoil from the beggar , then say to ludi ) give he something . get he away . a doorman shoos the panhandler away . int - crillon HOTEL lobby - day 21 when sissy arrive at the front desk , she catch sight of herself in a lobby mirror and seem shocked . the ordeal of sit in the cab have ruin she makeup , wrinkle she clothing and sour she mood . sissy oh my god , look at I . ( she adjust she hair ) ludi be follow , carry several of she bag . several television crew be in . the crillon lobby , interview witness to the suspect murder of olivier . a television reporter be do a standup near the front desk . part of the screen be take with a black and white video view of the reporter through she cameraman 's viewer . the rest be what that camera be point at and busy lobby traffic behind she . ( contenued ) 21 13 . continued : reporter { in french ) De la fontaine , whe be head of the chambre syndicale des couturier et createur de mode , also have a distinguished career as a diplomat , head embassy in Moscow , Berlin , Beijing and other city around the world . his mysterious death come at the start of the pret -a-porter , one of the most important event in french fashion , an¢é one which have depend on he leadership for two decade . the police have not declare this officially murder . but they be question witness who see a tall , slender man in he 40s run from de la fontaine 's limousine this morning . a autopsy will be perform to determine cause of death . result will not be know for several day , a police department spokesman say . most of this speech be hear as the camera wander around the lobby to look at the principal check in . we hear sissy and regina talk to clerk at the check - in desk during the reporter 's standup . regina ( to clerk ) you will be sure that the suite face south . clerk yes , Madame . at the same time we hear : sissy this be the same suite that I have last time ? I specify I want the same suite . clerk yes , Madame . at the same time , a Texan be stand behind a tall attractive woman , apparently a model , wait for service at the desk . texan be you standin ' in line , or be you jus ' pretty ? ( continued ) 21 23 14 . continued : ( 2 ) 21 model ( a little annoyed ) both . texan well ; then , you must have a college degree . ext - meurice HOTEL - day 22 slim exit a taxi . the door be hold open by a doorman . doorman how be you , Madame Chrysler ? slim Bien , Cesar , et vous ? doorman very well . Nice to see you again . while the doorman be speak , slim see sergei enter the meurice . a panhandler solicit he . he pull a coin out of he pocket and give it the man . another doorman shoos the panhandler away . slim pull she fedora down over she eye and enter the hotel . int - meurice HOTEL lobby - day 23 another crew and reporter be already in the meurice lobby , interview witness . joz flynn , a sport writer for the Washington Post , be checkingour of he room . his bag be in the middle of the lobby , behind he . anne eisenhower , wear : a stain run suit , be check in . she have just arrive . from Atlanta , a earnest and inexperienced feature writer send hurriedly to Paris . anne 's luggage have be lose . in she nervousness about fave and about she assignment , she have a little too much to drink on the airplane . the lobby be crowded . various people we see at the airport be arrive and check in at the front desk . slim be signing in . she see sergei , who be milling around , mysteriously walk up to man and stand next to they for several second while he look they up and down . he finally find flynn , who be just about sergei 's size . slim watch sergei dut dee not acknowledge that she know he be connect with olivier . flynn be stand next to anne at the front desk talk to the concierge , who have a enormous nose . ( continued ) { 1s . continued : 23 anne I do not have any luggage . they lose it . I be expect to hear from Air France . concierge we have hear nothing , madame . flynn be hand a fax at the desk as he be pay he bill . he read it and call the concierge . flynn Excuse I . I have to have my room back . concierge I be sorry , sir . that be impossible . flynn what do you mean it 's impossible . I have not even leave yet . my bag be still here . just give I my old room back . concierge I be terribly sorry sir , but there be already someone in that roam . flynn well , get he we . I 'ma writer for the Washington Post . they have just assign I to cover some murder . some big wheel in the fashion business . I have to have my roam back . anne hear this and , with some embarrassment , pick up she key . she understand she 's just take flynn 's room . the concierge look towards anne . concierge I can not do that , sir . flynn look next to he at the desk and see anne . he see she key and that it have he room number on it . we vaguely see sergei in the background during this . flynn that 's my key . ( continued ) 16 . _ continued : ( 2 ) 23 anne . I be really sorry . I just get here . I do not mean to ... flynn ( to concierge ) that 's my key . anne look , I do not want to take he room . can not you find I another one ? concierge Madame , there be no other room . we be full . anne ( to flynn ) I be sorry . flynn ( angrily ) I be not move from this spot . you either find I a room or TI sleep right here . sergei can be see behind they pick up two piece of luggage and walk out of the hotel . slim see this from the front esk . concierge maybe I can find something . monsieur Flynn , why do not you take a@ seat in the lobby and let we . see if anything come up . anne ( to flynn ) why do not you wait in my room ? you will be more comfortable . it 's the least I can do . it 's you room , after all . flynn ( hesitate ) all right . thank you . ( to the concierge ) you will take care of my luggage ? ( continued ) concierge ( to anne ) one moment . someone will show you to you room . anne ( to flynn ) so you be press ? flynn yeah , but I do not usually do this kind of thing . anne I either . what 's you beat ? flynn Sports . soccer . just on my way back from World Cup match . my office just tell I there be some major guy kill , sameone in the fashion business , the pretter porter ? anne ( pronounce it not much more accurately ) pret -a-porter . yes , de la fontaine . I be here to cover it , too . flynn for who ? anne the Atlanta constitution . flynn I be glad I run into you . maybe you can give I a little background . : anne I do not think I will be much help . this be not my specialty . flynn what do you do ? anne I do feature . we fashion editor just have a stroke in Milan so they send I to take over . ( more ) ' ( continued ) 17 . on | 23 1 ' t || ' 7 ° '' ' , 24 25 continued : 1s . ( 4 ) anne ( cont would ) I think I be the only one in the department with a valid passport . I be not really sure what to do first . just play it by ear , I guess . concierge pardon . there be a note for you , Madame , a invitation , I believe , for tonight . ( he hand she a envelope . ) flynn what be it ? anne it 's for the lagerfeld party . flynn . lagerfeld ? he 's a big deal , be not he ? can you get I in ? anne I do not know what the rule be . flynn make up the rule as you go . do not worry , I will get in . the bellhop arrive to show anne to she room . anne ( to flynn ) come on up . a Television reporter try to interview anne , but she sheepishly wave he away . ext - crillon - day the major arrive at the crillon entrance by limousine . int - crillon HOTEL - day major run into sissy in the lobby . major sissy , how be you ? ( continued ) 23 24 25 be . continued : 25 she think he 's a tasteless boor but be civil to he . his customer be she reader . sissy Nice to see you . he think she 's drunk with she power but he need to be in she good grace . also arrive be binky , a black woman with wild long braid hair . she ig wear a beret , a gray Nehru suit with stripe down the leg and run shoe . amy be dress in army fatigue . she be athletically chew gum . they be not crazy about gach other . they do not know anyone and start introduce themselves . binky catch sissy . binky sissy wanamaker ? I do not know if you remember I . I be binky ulrich . sissy of course . you write that wonderful hatchet job about vanity Fair for the New York Times magazine . cover the pret ? binky try to do a long piece on the business for the magazine . I hope it will become a book . I be hope we might have a chance to talk . about vogue , how you people cover Paris and Milan . sissy I be not sure I would want to appear in a article you be write unless I would hire you myself to write it . you be a bit dangerous , be not you ? binky you have nothing to be worried about . vogue have be beat the ass off its titror since you take over as tor . I would think you would love the chance to talk about you success . sissy ( flatter ) we will try to set something up . 1 ( continued ) - 25 26 27 28 29 20,00 continued : ( 2 ) 25 binky great . and picture , too . amy raise she camera to shoot a informal . sissy put she hand up to the lens . sissy please . I just get off a plane . binky and amy look at each other meaningfully . int - seedy HOTEL lobby - day 26 louise bowle ' check into hotel . albertine arrive at the same hotel , back from work , carry she tv camera . she pick up she ey . int - day - seedy HOTEL room . 27 louise open she enormous samsonite bag . they be mostly empty . int - crillon HOTEL hallway - day ' 28 the major look out he hotel room door , 701 , into the hallway . be step outside , hand on he hip and look both way . he be practically tapping he foot with impatience . his cigar be grip in he tooth . binky walk by carry she own bag and she room key . major stil vous plait . I have be wait tor my bag . will you be bring they up ? binky . ( look he over carefully ) not in this life . ( she walk on ) int - luxurious HOTEL room - day 29 in stssy '8 cxillen ing ont the television be on . CNN 's eaeea ' klensch be eulogiz olivier . paper and message and city from the fashion house be throw on a table in the sitt . room . there be flower , fruit basket and wine bottle it with ribbon , all gift from the designer sissy 's magazine cover . the camera move through the room to find she open suitcase , the clothes neatly pack with a few ruffle spot from which she 's remove she toiletry . ( continue ) 29 continued : al . camera move into the bathroom . the sound of heavy breathe in the background be hear . the bathroom light be on and makeup , brushes and soap , @ facial masque , and a diaphragm box and spermicidal jelly be on the counter . in the bedroom , sissy and ludi be strenuously at it . he have a orgasm but she do not . exhausted , he fall to the side of the bed . sissy that 's it ? he do not answer . sissy be you there ? ( she jab he in the rib . ) ludi I be sorry . I try to wait for you . sisssy you try ? ludi you do come before . twice . sissy that 's hardly the point . it 's not the same . it 's a matter of politeness , self - control , simple courtesy . ludi have reach into he tts on the floor next to the bed to get a cigarette . he light it . she jab he in the rib again . srssy do not you dare smoke in here . this be a non-smok floor . be you crazy ? ludi ( he smile , bemse rather than cow , and ignore she . ) be you always this hospitable ? 's issy not to the help . ludi be the help always this helpful ? 4 ( continued ) 29 30 31 32 22 . continued : ( 2 ) . 29 sissy it would be helpful if you would get shower and shave and do up in one of you italian gigolo number . we have to go to the reception . I be take this bathroom . use the other one . int - paris apartment - day 30 in a Paris apartment , jack lowenthal be finish dress , just have leave the bed of model kiki simpson . she be dress . jack I have get to go change . I will see you later . ( he leave . ) int - HOTEL room - day 32 anne be pour drink for herself and flynn from the mini bar . flynn do you mind if I make a call ? my wife . just to let she know I be stay on . anne go ahead . ( while he 's dial ) do you have kid ? flynn two. boy . ( he get he connection ) hello . anne I will just be in the bathroom . flynn ( iato the telephone ) honey ? I be still in Paris . int - police department - day 32 cut to closeup of Amy 's contact sheet hold up by . a pair of hand . it lock like a fashion shoot because a. 1 you can see clearly in each of the 36 shot ig the clothing cover the feature body part . ( cont ] nued ) 32 33 23 . ao continued : 32 we see leg - run over the roof of a taxi - clad in brogue , ribbed sock and brown tweed cuffed trousers . in another shot , we see a fedora , a scarf fly out over the agsailant 's shoulder and a suit jacket to match the pants , but no face . pull away to reveal tantpis and forget examine the photo with smay . tantpis ( in french ) but what do he 100 k like ? I could buy this man a gift from the haberdashery but I could not spot he if he walk into this office and introduce himself . a officer knock on the door . officer the supervisor want you . int - supervisor's office - day 33 the supervisor have a enormous nose . supervisor we have a dead VIP . we do not know what kill he , or who . we have a leave he limousine right after the mysterious death . how he get away from you I do not understand . we have a steal wallet and miss ticket to the fashion show . if there be any connection with the pret we want to learn what it be now . we do not want any foul - up ruin the collection . more importantly , the limousine driver be strike to protest police incompetence , and I do not blame they . I want you to take care of this . this order come from the Prime Minister . I put the matter in you tantpis I understand . tantpis and forget leave the police hea xter and have to figne they way through ap angry picket line form by limousine driver who have spontaneously protest the lack of proper police protection of driver and they client . huge , long black car be park on the sidewalk and on the street . the picketer ' sign read '' we need safe street of do Business . " ( continued ) 33 34 | 35 24 . continued : 33 we see they throughout the rest of the film . int . day . HOTEL suite . 34 slim be on the telephone . she 's throw she coat on the couch but be still wear she hat . behind she be she luggage and a large pack crate mark " book . " slim yes , he 's dead . ( pause ) they do not know how yet . ( pause ) murder be a possibility . ( pause ) of course , I have to stay out of this . but frankly , I think we | should find a way of use it to we advantage . we do work with he for so many year . int . day . nathalie' atelier . ' 35 nathalie , dress in red - down to she shoe - be in she studio drape fabric on a model . Beethoven 's kreutzer sonata play . the only other sound be of the fabric move against itself and against the model 's skin . except for the band of she body that be cover by the fabric , the model be naked . a bare breast here , a thigh there . the model look bored , blank . closeup of nathalie 's hand experiment with the fabric against the model 's skin . a assistant , odile , enter . odile . the telephone for you . nathalie ( she take the phone ) hello . ( her face collapse . ) yes. inmediately . ( she hang up . to the model ) you can go home . ( to odile ) call my son . tell he I be go to the de la fontaine chateau . olivier die . and send the car around . 36 | 37 for 38 39 25 . int - cab - day 36 nathalie be in a cab . it 's dark 50 we can not really see what she 's wear but it appear to be mostly black . Close up of she shoe , she glove hand , she cross knee , a travelogue of she chic accessory . they drive past a hotel where limo driver be picketing . driver ( in french ) they be crazy . I will make a kill this week . nathalie seem to be ignore he . ext - do LA fontaine chateau , outside of paris - day 37 nathalie be at the docr of the chateau , dress in black but wich a huge red scarf , red glove , shoe and handbag . a may ets she in . int - hallway of mansion - day 38 nathalie where be the body ? maid ( weeping ) the police have not release it . they say it be murder . at this moment , claude enter , dress as she be at the dog show . she ig carry the dog we see eariier . she look at nathalie 's black getup . claude ( in french , smile ) you look like the widow . nathalie perhaps I be . int - HOTEL room - day 39 flynn be sit next to anne on a couch . they be pour more drink . they be look at a file she 's bring about the fashion industry . they be sit close together and flynn be give she sidelong glance . if you need to borrow any of this just let I know . ( cont [ nued ) 39 40 continued : 39 anne and flynn look at each other awkwardly . int - nathalie' office - day 40 nathalie' S son jack lowenthal pore over the bill and project expense for he mother 's come show . he look worried . odile walk in on he . she notice that he 's upset but she 's there to see nim about something else . a television be on . we see news report about olivier in the background of the scene . odile she have not come back yet . do you think she will make it to the reception ? jack I do not know . ( he be distract . ) I think they be not go to hold it , because of olivier . odile no , it 's proceeding as plan . ' they talk about cancel . but cancel any part of the pret would mean revenue loss , and of course no one would agree to that . jack someone will probably make a golemm toast to olivier , and then they will go on talk about burodollars , and how strapped everyone be . odile do you think you mother will be all right ? jack what do you mean ? ( he be nervous ) odile I be worried about she . I be worried about the collection . do you really think this be she last ? jack no , she 's be threaten to retire for year . look , she 's work on next season already . ( continued ) p™ 40 a2 oo 27 . continued : . 40 odile no , she 's just doodling . she like to have she finger in the fabric . and besides , she 's not frantic the way she always be before a show . she have not be frenzied about the detail . she have not be call I at one in the morning with last minute change . there 's something odd . int - meeting room - day . al a chambre syndicale meeting at its rue du faubourg - St . honore '' headquarters . bernard golante , head of the fashion trade organization that olivier head , be conduct a press conference . designer and fashion business people be present , as well as press . binky be take note . regina krumm be stand next to she . golante we all know that we have lose a invaluable and beloved member of the chambre syndicale . olivier de la fontaine , as you all know , die today . this be a difficult time for we . we mourn he , but at the same time we be in the midst of one of the event that he devote he energy to , the pret-a-porter . and for this reason , to honor he , all activity will continue as plan . of course , we would like . to include a tribute to he sometime during the pret , while we have everyone in town who would naturally want to pay respects to he . marcel abboud and Arthur rader will be arrange a appropriate tribute . whisperings among the reporter , many of whom have huge galiic nose . reporter # 1 what be nathalie go to do ? reporter # 2 do the widow know ? reporter # 3 everyone know . they go out in public for the last 30 year . " 1 ( continued ) a 41 43 44 28 . - continued : al reporter # 1 ; and the widow do not say anything ? reporter # 3 maybe to olivier . reporter # 2 oh , she have she dog . the meeting break up . several designer linger to gossip . same of this be see through television news camera . rader ( appaly ) that 's nonsense . the police can not just look through you closet because they feel like it . cloche anyway , you can not judge people by the clothes they wear . rader really ? what do you judge by ? int - HOTEL room - day 42 flynn and anne be lock in embrace , with most of they clothes off . the television be on . a en lish -speak movie channel be advertising a James bond festival . int - paris apartment - day 43 kiki , a plain-look woman , put she makeup on , then dress , layer after layer , until she be unrecognizable from we first view of she . she be now glamourous and allure . int - ford modeling agency - day a 4 around a large round table sit six woman , all of whom be shouting into the telephone in English , french or italian . in the middle of the table be a lazy Susan with a huge file contain . the name of model , they vital statistic and availability . albertine , a american client , walk in carry a large backpack and a video camera , which she be aim at the woman at the table . justine , about 50 , be the fingleader at the agency . model be walk in and cut . photographer come and go . @ telephone ring and loud conversation continue in the background throughout the scene . ( continued ) i ) 44 45 46 29 . continued : 44 justine { in a heavy french accent ) albertine ! again with the camera . _ ( albertine put the camera down ) look I have something for you . a national commercial . albertine a national ad ? forget it . justine what do you mean ? if you get this it 's big buck . albertine that 's just what I be talk about it . I never get the good job . justine ( exasperate ) not this time . they ask foryau . albertine they ask for I ? justine ( reading off a phone message ) pive-foot-ten-and-a-half , shoulder length red hair , blue eye . it 's you . they ask for you . I think you can get this job . albertine ( smiling for the first time ) do you really think 80 ? int - HOTEL room - day 45 anne , wear a hotel robe , be watch CNN coverage of olivier 's death . she be take note on she laptop computer . flynn , naked , be on the Tel : e with he editor at the Washington Post , report what he hear on tv . int - HOTEL room - night 46 a may be turn over a bed and place mint on the sheet . she leave the room and sergei , who have be hide in the hallway , slip in before the door close . ( continued ) a6 47 30 . continued : 46 he be carry a valise . int - elaborate ballroom doorway - night a7 guest be arrive at the lagerfeld reception . everyone present a pass or invitation to a man stand at the door . he shoos away a homeless man who be unshaven and dress in rag . we see dieter erhard enter . erhard ( to the door man check off guest ' name on a list ) dieter erhard , stern 's . designer gigi cloche come run up behind erhard . cloche dieter , wait . ( to the list person ) gigi cloche . ( she run take he arm and enter the party with dieter ) sergei arrive wear a izod shirt under a preppie blue blazer , chino and deck shoe . he pass the homeless man who put out he hand and ask for a donation in french . sergei pull a few coin out of he pocket , count they , look at the man and shove they back into he own pocket . sergei check out the entrance system . several people , dress elegantly , pass . he plow ahead . : sergei : Joe Flynn , Washington Post . list person Flynn , Flynn . I be sorry monsieur , I do not have you name here . sergei that 's not possible . f-l-y-n -n . you mist not be look in the right place . list person - monsieur , there be only one place to look . see for yourself . sergei ( pull out he press card ) look , this be who I be . ( continued ) 31 . o™ ~ . 47 continued : 47 list person I be sure you be who you be . but whoever that be be not on the list . regina krumm have be watch this scene and intercede . regina : Regina krumn , New York Times . Mr. Flynn be with I . list person ( find she name on the list , he look she 's over and shrug ) s'il vous plait . regina you be better look in person . sergei ( startle ) what ? regina ~~ ‘han on you press card . you have a engiish accent . how do a englishman come to work for the Post ? sergel a exchange program . regina taterest . so where be you stay ? sergel ( he hesitates ) look , thank you very much , but ... regina do not flatter yourself . I like |. the idea of the Washington Post owe I . I might need you and I have to know where to find you . sergel the meurice Hotel . ( continued ) 47 as 32 . continued : ( 2 ) 47 regina ( she write down he name and the hotel in a littie leather bock ) good . ( she start to walk away ) and get the Post to buy you some new clothes . the party scene take place in a large mansion with a ballroom , baroque nook and cranny and a terrace . int - ballroom - night ae at the reception , various group be gossipe . a couple of designer , gigi cloche and arthur rader , be taik to nina scant , who be take note . cloche { to nina scant ) my collection clothes be more conservative than my casual line . you want the expensive piece to have longevity . rader ( he carry a walk stick , a trademark affectation . he speak with a cockney accent ) there 's no such thing as longevity . scant what do you mean ? what about the classics ? blazer , grey flannel , the little black dress . rader nothing last forever . here , I need a drink . Excuse we , gigi . ( be walk scant towards the bar , through the crowd , speak : conspiratorially ) you know what I be do for my resort collection ? scant what ? ( continued ) eo 4g 33. continued : rader slavery chic . scant slavery resortwear ? rader who need to know better than anyone how to keep cool in the heat ? Black siave in the american south . Jews in Egypt . when you be building a pyramid in the baking sun , or pick cotton under a blister sky , you dress light . see what I be say ? jack , side view , hold the arm of a woman of the same height and build as kiki . she turn around and it 's dane . dane there 's my sister . kiki come over , greeting jack with deliberate neutrality . kiki ( kiss jack on both cheek and the same for she sister ) how be you ? to dane ) you look great . dane so do you . I do not know you be come . be not nathalie rehearse ? kiki she send je home after she hear about olivier . dane oh , I completely forget . Jack say she 's amazingly calm . kiki she 's always amazingly calm . what a eragedy - how be the abboud rehearsals go ? dane ask he yourself . marcel abboud approach . he kiss the hand of both dane and kiki . jack do not offer he hand but abboud be polite . ( contenued ) 48 49 50 34 . continued : ( 2 ) 48 abboud rehearsals be go well . you sister be a miracle . maybe you will work with we too next time . kiki maybe . int - morgue - night 49 cut to shot from above of olivier laid out naked at the morgue , while the autopsy be be perform . camera do a slow 360 degree turn , the shot be show in brief arc throughout the film . tantpis and forget be observe . the coroner , who have a extremely large nose , be eat a sandwich while work . the policeman , in a macho display , be try not to let each other see how nauseate they be . coroner ( notice something be wrong , in french ) oh , forgive I . so rude . would you like some of this sandwich ? tantpis no , thank you . so , how long 's it go to take ? the coroner , sleeve roll up , look up from the body at tantpis with annoyance . coroner what 's the hurry ? you want a conclusion ? the main thing be he 's dead . he 's dead now and he will be dead when I be do . int - HOTEL suite - night 50 sissy be preen in she hotel room , she face half do , she hair askew . she be struggle to pull she pantyhose up over she hip . she be not wear else . she be grimace umattractively . most of she ass be show from the side . as she struggle we hear the whir of a automatic shutter . ludi ( while he 's shoot ) you have a wonder ? ‘ul body . have you have any plastic surgery ? ( contenued ) 50 $ 1 35 . continued : 50 sissy stop that ! she lose she composure . she try to close the door but ludi be inside the room . he shoot most of a roll . she recover a bit but remain visibly ruffle . sissy give I that film . lupi but it belong to I . sissy what do you want picture like that for ? ludi to remember a lovely afternoon . sissy give I the film . ludi I be go to go down and arrange for the car . you would better get ready . we do not want to be late , @arile . : ludi leave . sissy pull up she tight and look into the mirror . int - nathalie' atelier - night 51 nathalie arrive at she salon . odile be still there , go over papers . nathalie 's return from olivier 's chateau . . odile what be you do here ? do not you have to go to the party ? nathalie sit down , exhaust . nathalieb I do not feel like do anything . not even this . ( she shrug toward the office , refer to the business . ) odile you do not have to do anything right now . ( continved ) sl 52 36 . continued : 51 nathalie yes , I do . I have a show to do . but I have no appetite for it . I have threaten to quit a hundred time and olivier always convinced I we could have another year of fun . this be not work fora grownup - make Halloween costume four time a year for people with too much money and net enough to spend it on . now it 's just a matter of money , of employ Jack . what else could he do ? he do not have any skill . who but a mother would hire he ? I be not worried about you . there be a dozen designer salivate to steal you away from I at any moment . odile but I do not want to work for anyone else . nathalie eventually you will have to . I will not last forever even if my cynicism be to disappear . odile anyway , you be not do a show without olivier . you be do it far olivier . nathalie : . that 's a sweet sentiment . you be a sweet girl . int - paris apartment - night 52 earl noble and he wife alison be get ready for the party . he be dress in a turtleneck and suit , lock for he coat . noble I be ready to go . alison ( prom inside the dedroom ) another minute . ( continued ) 52 53 37 , continued : 52 noble look at himself in a mirror in the hall and take a large silk scarf that he wrap around he neck and then throw with great calculation over he shoulder . he admire he image . noble ( Calling ) . alison . noble walk into the kitchen , pick up the newspaper , start to read and eat a cookie from a plateful on the counter . alison enter . she be wear a revealing minidress . alison what do you think ? ( she take a cookie ) noble : you look stun . a vision . alison wolf down the first cookie and take two more . noble lock at she meaningfully . alison I be not comfortable . I will change and be right back . ( she take a cookie as she leave ) noble continue to read the paper . int - ballroom - night 53 at the reception , designer and journalist be talk about the death of olivier . : designer cort romney and he young american wife elise be hold drink and chat with rader ; scant , editor of the International Herald tribune ; regina krumm , New York Times fashion editor ; dieter erhard , buyer for stern 's , a german a tt store ; cloche , a designer ; and bernard golante , a fashion businessman and bigwig in the fashion trade organization , the chambre cale . . romney ( he be wear face makeup and eyeliner ) how do he die ? not aids , be it ? scant ( amaze ) no . have not you see the news ? it 's all they be talk about . ( more ) ( contienged ) 38 . 53 continued : . : $ 3 scant ( cont would ) he cheat on he wife for 30 year , but he never cheat on nathalie . I think he be clean . regina I hear olivier and nathalie have not sleep together for year . cloche then what be the point ? regina it be a passionate asexuality . cloche i.do not believe that . rader ( address romey 's question ) the police think it be murder . they find he in he car ina traffic jam . there be a guy with he , but he run away . they assume he be the killer . no fingerprint . just crumb . regina crumb ? be they lock for a baker ? rader he be eat a jambon sandwich . regina : : can you die of that ? rader the police suspect foul play . regina eat chicken be so bad for you . rader jambon be pork . regina sneer at he for not acknowledge she joke . erhard . be nathalie go to be here tonight ? ( continued ) 53 39 , continued : ( 2 ) 53 golante I have not speak to she , but I hear she go to the chateau as soon . as she get the news . they say she run into the widow there . the first time they ever actually meet . regina why would she go to he house ? cloche I think she think the body would be there . it make sense . she can not go to the funeral . it would be a embarrassment to the family . rader since when do you become such a expert on good manners ? how on earth do a polite person ever become a designer ? : during this conversation , the model albertine be wander around recording the event with she video camera . regina decorum be so tiresome . nathalie see olivier more than he wife do anyway . she certainly ought to be allow every courtesy a wife receive in this situation . cloche well , that 's what you get when . you do not marry . ( she say this in a serious , lecture tone . ) she may have see he more than Claude do but Claude be the one who get to mourn in public . nathalie will have to do she suffer privately . regina be that why you get marry , gigi ? to make it easier when Michel kick ? rader no , to make she child legitimate . { continued ) 53 54 55 56 57 40 . continued : ( 3 ) cloche that 's a low blow . rader well , you be religious . you do not believe in abortion . cloche of course not . it 's murder . life begin at conception . regina I think the church do not go far enough . everyone know that life pegin at dinner and a movie . ext - paris STREET - night nathalie 's cab arrive at she door . she enter she duilding . int - nathalie' apartment - night nathalie walk through the dark apartment , drop she coat on the floor , lie on she bed with she shoe on and weep . int - noble's apartment - night noble be still wait in the kitchen , now sit and read the paper . he look at he watch . the cookie plate be empty . he go to the hall and put on he coat . noble : hurry and vomit , dear . we be go to be late . int - morgue - night olivier 's body fram above . we se@ coroner , munch on a sandwich , forget and tantpis . tantpis start to dight a cigarette . coroner ( in french ) no smoking . can not you see I be eat ? tantpis ( ignoring he , point to olivier 's thing ) be this he clothes ? ( cont dnp ) 53 5 '' 56 57 587 58 41 . continued : 87 coroner yes . tantpis ( to forget ) be not the guy in the photo wear this tie ? int - ballroom - night 58 at the reception , gigi cloche be talk to a reporter . . cloche the new elegance mean sequin and spandex for the office . lawyer be go to argue case in sparkles . School teacher will lecture in spike heel anc stretch body suit . two Americans chat . american businessman do you hear about that american cake conglomerate that buy up playtex ? they already own Bali . the rest of the foundation people be busting they elastic over market share . american ii foundation . sound like the cement business . erhard , cloche , scant , romney , rader and regina be talk . erhard I go to a costume party in New York a few month ago . I see a there in a raspberry suit with gold button and pearl , hemline discreetly at the knee . he be wear a greasy pompadour and carry a guitar across he back . I say , ' what be you ? " he give meat huge grin , go glad I ask , and say , '' chanelvis . '' noble be hold forth to some journalist and fashion groupy . sergei be in the crowd . ( continued ) 1 58 42 . continued : 58 noble I do a session for bazaar today . I have order to come up with something '' fresh . '' the editor think she 's vreeland . as if my work be ever anything but fresh . and the model I have to work with be uncommonly blank . a complete cipher . perfect , actually . I could turn she into anything I want . elsewhere at the party , rader be talk to gigi . rader Jesus , cort look awful . cloche yes , gaunt . I have not see he around much lately . he 's not sick , be he ? rader the way he live ? he be a fuck rabbit . it would be a miracle if he be well ) . cloche I think he give that all up . he 's a good boy now . rader two year ago , to marry elise . two year be not a long time . I know for a fact that she be he first woman since he divorced hi wife 15 year ago . . : cloche you know for a fact ? rader I know he better than I like to remember . the major be talk to nina scant of the Herald tribune . scant be look a little appail . major degenerate . they make I sick . they make nice clothes , but they be not man . scant make a face indicate she wonder what planet the major come from . he continue , ivious . ( conttnued ) 43 . 58 continued : ( 2 ) . 58 major by the way , that 's a beautiful dress you be wear . ( he stop to feel the material . ) where do you get it ? scant would you excuse I , please ? I see a friend . ( she leave he ) . 59 int - HOTEL room - night 59 flynn and anne be wear hotel bathrobe . he be scream into the telephone . flynn what do you mean you ea not find my luggage ? ( pause ) and what about a room ? ( pause ) I can not believe this . ( pause ) yeah , call I . I be certainly not go anywhere like this . anne they lose you luggage ? flynn yeah . what time be that lagerfeld thing ? : anne eight to eleven . flynn we be never go to make it . anne ( pal ing he down toward er I do not really mind all that much . he kiss she . 60 61 a4 . int - nathalie' apartment - night 60 nathalie be look into the mirror in a elaborate walk - in closet . she remove she clothes carefully and examine she body , the opposite of drape fabric on the model . int - ballroom - night 61 at the reception , sergei be alone , hold a drink and graze at the hor d'oeuvre table , look as if he would like someone to talk to . slim come by . she be wear a double - breast charcoal pin-stripe suit , a jaunty fedora and sunglass . sergei ( his mouth be full ) good evening . slim ( she regards he warily ) good evening . sergei the crabmeat be delicious . ( he speak with perfect eaglish tha british accent ) slim ( she look surprised you be English ? sergei why go you ask ? slim ( realizing she might be give somech away ) oh , the English do not generally dress like that . you look more like a american sportswriter . or a prep school student . sergei actually , I be Russian . slim ( she look surprised momentarily ) Russian . you must be part of that trade delegation . ( she fishing ) setting up a clothing industry in Russia . sergei nod . 1 ( continued ) 61 a5 . continued : 61 slim I do not think the Russians would be interested in something as frivolous as clothes this day . more important thing to think about , be not there ? or maybe clothes be exactiy what they need . a diversion from life and death question . sergei yes , that 's exactly the think . and what do you do ? slim oh , I use to do quite a lot , but now I do not have to anymore . now , I dine out and tell people what clothes they should wear . I use to do it by write for magazine . now I do it in person . while I be gat . it 's much more civilized . you can actually see the people you be talk to . sergei and that be a live ? . slim yes . I get pay to do it . the designer I work for think it 's wonderful when I advise potential client that they will never gain society 's respect unless they start wear : that particular designer 's clothes . sergeti so what do you think I should wear ? perhaps something by dior ? slim do you have any money ? sergei what do you mean ? slim I mean , be rich ? swiss bank account . roll royce . Chateaux . money to burn . sergei no , nothing like that . ( comrimed ) 46 . 61 continued : ( 2 } 61 slim in that case , you can not afford to worry about it . ( she walk away ) behind they , the major be circulate . _ cloche so how be life in Chicago ? you be buy for the field marshal department store ? major ( disdainfully ) Marshall field . cloche do they wear french clothes in the midwest ? noble be still lecture he group at the reception . noble I be a photographer . I look at people all day long , but I realize how little there be to look at . the outside be so simple . what we really want to know about be the inside . we be all just die to see what 's inside . albertine be recording this lecture . sergei , watch she , approach . sergei you work in television ? albertine oh , no . I be just do this for myself . sergei yourself ? albertine it 's like a diary . sergei and you want he in you diary ? regina chat with binky . binky move away . the major bas see they and approach regina . ( continued ) '' 47 . continued : ( 3 ) 61 tne crowd be dense so neither the major nor regina notice that halfway through this scene , sergei approach and stand next to they , as if measure himseif against the major . major who be you just talk to ? regina binky ulrich . she write for the New York Times . she 's do a book on the fashion world . it should be a big book . she get a huge advance from Simon and schuster . major she 's a writer ? for the New York Times ? regina yes . which part do you find unbelievable ? that the New York Times hire minority or that a black person can write ? major ( ignore the crack ) who be she go to talk to ? : regina everyone important , I would imagine . I be just give she a few name . major do you give she my name ? regina ( she look at he and smily ) you have never have much of a sense of reality , have you , Major ? int - HOTEL room - night 62 flynn , wear a bathrobe , be rummage through the clothes he be wear earlier , which be now on a chair . flynn have you see my wallet ? the television be on . a James sond movie be play . bond be break into a hotel room . 63 48. int - ballroom - night . : 63 . silence at the reception as karl lagerfeld make a toast to olivier . lagerfeld we know he would have insisted that we continue to do the work we always do . so let 's raise we glass to a friend we will miss : olivier de la fontaine . sissy and ludi arrive at the reception . they seem the be barely speak to each other . sissy we can not stay late . we have a 10 a.m. shoot at Arthur rader 's piace . ludi in *ll be there . do not worry . ( he immediately wander away from sissy . ) jack look at he watch . he lean over to dane . jack I have get to get back to the office . dane oh , no . jack it 's a busy time . ( he shruge ) I be sorry . I will probably sleep . on the couch there . ~ as soon as dane see he 's go , she look for abboud to make plan to meet he at he place . jack be on he way to meet kiki . elsewhere , at the reception , the major be chat with regina , who look bored . major if you hear anything about what bicomingdale be do , let I know . noble , still talk . ( continued ) 63 64 49 , continued : 63 noble I mean , do you ever blow you nose leok into the kleenex afterwards ? do you evernot look into the toilet before you flush ? designer never . stool watcher be such unhappy people . noble ( ignoring the comment ) it 's not so much a gruesome absorption with bodily waste . it 's just a acknowledgement that we know so little about what 's go on inside . there in the kleenex be some small clue to the mystery within , a hint about the immer condition . we all try to know ourselves , yet the thing that be most we , the organ and entrail that make we work , nre a complete enigma . I mean , I know what kind of suit look good on I , and you probably know what kind of haircut be most flatter on you , but how many man could walk into a room full of liver and pick out hig ? assume that you couldwalk without you liver . ext - ballroom terrace - night . _ 64 sergei be chat with regina . she be smoking a cigarette . sergei thank you again for rescue I . I hope I do not seem rude . regina not rude . just odd . you be odd . sergel tell I , 4o you have any actual experience in the fashion business ? . regina well , I have be write about it for twenty - five year . . ( contenued ) ~~ 64 65 50 . 64 : sergel no , I mean , work for a designer . dior , perhaps ? would not work for someone like dior teach you abour the business ? regina you do not have to get down on all four to understand a dog . sergei ( sense the moment have come to change the subject ) perhaps you can tell I who some of this people be . regina that 's the designer Arthur rader . there 's marcel abboud . and there 's cort romney . would you like to meet he ? come ( she take he arm ) . you need to meet this people if you be go to write anything decent . sergei ( be drag along through the crowd , head toward the terrace ) thank you . regina ( while they be push they way through , she stop and put she hand up to she forehead ) whe be that woman he 's with ? for can not remember she name . ( shrugging ) oh , fuck , I will just have to call she darling . int - hotzl room - night `s flynn and anne be in bed naked on top of the cover . the television be on . flynn be watch " the spy who come in from the cold . '' his hand be on anne 's thigh . anne be on the telephone . ( continued ) '' 65 66 51 . continued : `s anne yes , I miss you , too . ( she cup she hand around the receiver as if to maintain privacy . } I do , too . I 'il talk to you tomorrow . : anne hand the receiver to flynn who hang it up . he turn over and kiss she passionately . int - ballroom - night 66 ludi , cigarette dangle from he mouth , step out on the terrace . he be search through he pocket for a match . sergel pass and ludi stop he . ludi { in french ) have you get a match ? sergei ( in English ) sorry ? ludi have you get a match ? sergel ( he point to ludi step outside . he find regina on the terrace . she be pull out another cigarette . lupri - Excuse I , could I bother you for a light ? regina no bother . . ( she light he and she cigarettes ) ludi ( point to he cigarette ) well , this make we member of 2 shrink no conspiracy , do not c ( continued ) ' 66 continued : 52 . 66 regina yes , it 's worse than when I be grow up . I have to smoke ina closet when I be twelve . and now I have to smoke in a closet again . it 's not so bad in Europe , but I be so use to be shunne I just automatically leave a room when I want a cigarette . ludi kind of make you wish you be a alcoholic . regina yes , they do not mind if you vomit at the dinner table . who be it that say something about it be all right as long as the fish come up with the white wine ? herman mankiewicz ? but if you light up , you be a boor . luudi speak of wine , can I get you something to drink ? regina thank you , no . it 's one vice that 's never appeal to I . they say that smoker be generally more intelligent than non-smoker . I can not imagine how that 's possible since it clearly take a inherent cretinism togtart - smoking . maybe it 's the nicotine , sharpen what litrle brain power you have get . ludi - I personally feel that I be get amarter every day . regina punny , I be think that you look smarter just since I meet you . regina take a step and fall on she heel . ludi catch she in a sort of embrace . ( continued ) 66 67 53. continued : ( 2 ) : 66 ludi yes , you do feel smart . ( he give she he most potent smile . the flirtation be on ) int - ballroom - night 67 binky have target abboud as a source and potential lover . sergei be see in the background listen in . binky I can not see stay here terribly long . the party , I mean . abboud this thing do get to be a bore . binky be there somewhere we can go for a drink ? abboud a drink ? binky I could get a start on we interview . abboud of course . ( he look at he watch . ) you would like to leave right now ? : binky how about half a hour ? abboud with pleasure . dane come up on abboud as binky be walk away . dane Jack 4s work late . I be free . abboud now ? : dane he just leave . ( continued ) 67 continued : abboud ok . let I get out of something . this interview with that woman , that binky . abboud look for binky . | abboud ( he 's find binky ) something 's come up . what about a drink tomorrow . after my show ? binky ( she look behind abboud to see dane walk away . ) I be terribly disappointed , but a drink will be fine . I be stay at the crillon . how about meeting there ? abeoud four o'clock ? binky see you then . 54 . 67 sergei turn around to notice that andree , a model dress in a man 's suit , be stand nearby , eavesdropp as he have be . andree there 's something fishy go with that bunch , be not there ? sergei what do you mean ? andree '' I just mean that that guy seem to be in high demand tonight . sergei abboud ? andree yes , you know he ? sergei no . I be kind of new at this . do you know he ? andree I work for he occasionally . ( contenued ) 67 68 69 55 . continued : ( 2 ) 67 sergei what do you do ? andree should I be insulted that you can not figure it out ? I be a model . sergei forgive I . they be interrupt by another woman . she look like a model , too . she kiss andree on the lip . andree put here arm around the woman 's waist . they seem to be more chan just friend . andree this be Tanya . I be sorry . I do not get you name . int - HOTEL suite - night 68 sissy be alone , wait up for ludi , who do not show . she smoke one of he cigarette in frustration . int - ballroom - night 69 sergei look at he watch , which seem to have stop . he shake it .. people be start to leave the party . he see binky and stop she . sergel Excuse I , do you have the time ? binky no , I do not . it must be about 21:30 . sergei you do not wear a watch ? binky no , they hurt my wrist . you have | a watch . why be you askiogme for the time ? sergel it stop . but I want to talk to you anyway . why be that ? ( continued ) 69 70 continued : sergei I have see you talk to people with you tape recorder . what be you ask they ? binky | I ask they what they think of all this hoopla and what it have to do with clothes . sergei and you be go to write about that ? binky that 's one thing I be write about . sergei what else ? '' binky why be you ask I all this ? sergei I be write too , but I be new at this . Joe Flynn , Washington Post . you lock experience . here , let I buy you a drink . 56 . 69 he pull two champagn off the tray of a pass waiter . they clink glass and drink . int - paris apartment - night | abboud and dane be in bed together , post-coital . examine she happily . abboud you be beautiful . dane I have my moment . abboud no , you be beautiful . to mar , of course . not because you have long leg and impossible proportion and high cheekbone and slim hip . that just make you momentarily good - lock , good -leck for now . ( more ) '' ( continued ) 70 he be 57 . on 70 continued : 70 abboud ( cont would ) a hundred year ago people would have pity you . no bosom . no hip . I mean , you look a lot like you sister kiki but kiki be not beautiful to I . you frankly look a lot like most of the model who work for I , but I do not find they peautiful either . dane so what be it then ? abboud maybe it 's that you interest in I be so unrestrained . it 's a aphrodisiac . it 's half of what I like about you , that you like I . but you passion scare I . dane why ? abboud because I want it . dane it 's yours . abboud not forever . dane why not ? abboud because you will ge away . and if do not I will , by @ying . I do not mind so much except that leave you behind would be annoying . dane . marcel , what be we talk about ? you be abroud do you think that make any difference in how I feel ? ( continued ) 58 . 70 continued : ( 2 ) : 70 dane ( she laugh . ) no , but you talx as if we be star - cross lover separate only by fate . we be actually separate by the fact that we be exactly as commit to each other as we want to be . abboud laugh and get out of bed . . dane where be you go ? abboud I have get to get some sleep . I have a show tomorrow , remember ? 71 ext - paris STREET - night . 7 ludi and regina leave the party and walk to the crillon . luor can I buy you a drink ? I mean a coffee . regina why not a drink ? let 's have one oa the Times ? there 's a bar in my suite . 72 int - HOTEL suite - night 72 to regina 's room , they drink . the light be low . they sit together on a sofa . he light she cigarette . regina how long have you ... ludi ( interrupt ) I do not feel that I be capable of listen to you properly right now . : ( his face be next to hers now . he whisper ) we do have a lot to talk about , but maybe later . : lupt kiss she and there be electricity . they grope at each er . {conte nued ) 72 73 74 $ 9 . continued : 72 both of they be dress beautifully , but they be in too mich of a hurry to undress , so they make love with they clothes on . the camer ? be more interested in they move clothing than thei they es . int - HOTEL hallway - night 73 sergei be finess the lock of suite 701 . he enter and head for the closet . he start to take a plaid jacket from a hanger when he hear the door open . the major enter the suite . he go to the bedroom . we can see sergei 's nose through crack in the curtain he be hide behind . the major undress , revealing each item down to the garter hold up he lisle sock . he remove they and he trousers . he 's stripped down to a pair of lady lace underpant . he look at himself eciatively in the mirror , puffing on he cigar . he go to the bathroom and close the door . we hear run water . sergei sneak out of the room carry the sport jacket . int - shabby HOTEL room - night 74 albertine be sit on she bed talk straight at we . albertine I be not sure how much more of this I can take . profile of albertine reveal that she be talk to she camera , which be set up on a tripod . albertine . I wear clothes for a live . I mean , clothes be hang on I and — I get pay . I be beginning to feel less in common with human being and more with coat rack . I see a@ coat rack in a restaurant and I feel a bond . sometimes I want to burst into tear , as if I be see a long - lose relative . ( she rub she eye ) what I do require that I spend so much time examine myself in the mirror . I find my look change from minute to minute . I wake up one morning and the leave side of my face seem a millimeter wider than it do the night before . ( more ) ( contrnue ) 74 75 76 77 60 , continued : 74 albertine ( cont would ) when someone tell I " you look good , " or '' you look under the weather , " that 's what they be respond to . and it 's all because maybe I drank a extra cup of coffee that day , or go out in a rain storm or wear wool or walk on carpet in a overheate room . { she pause to think ) it 's just physics . people really do notice the tiniest physical deviation . you meet some guy who 's six foot tall and one who 's five foot nine . that 's three little inch , but anyone could tell you that one of they be tall and the other be short . inree anch . int - shabby HOTEL room - night 75 louise take off she ratty terry cloth robe . underneath she be wear a flannel nightie . she get into bed and turn off the light . '' the spy who come in from the cold " be play on she get , too . saturday morning : int - HOTEL suite - day . 76 it 's dark . sergei wake up in a king-size bed . he roll over and see binky , who be soundly sleep next to he . he carefully get out of bed and dress , wear the plaid jacket . he pick up he watch on the nighttable and shake it . as he leave , he take a room key with hin . int - HOTEL suite - day 77 sissy wake up and roll over . she see that ludi do not come to the suite that night . be sissy ludi ? there be no answer . she be fume . 78 79 80 82 82 61 , int - HOTEL room - day 78 flynn and anne be in bed together . he be caress she . they have evidentiy be make love all night . flynn ( cheerfully ) what would you like for breakfast ? anne everything they have , something french . int - crillon lobby - day 79 when sissy go down in the morning to breakfast , she see ludi and a bunch of photographer and reporter look at picture and laugh . she be aghast , certain that ludi 's show the hideous picture of she . but as she approach she find that it 's picture of the San Francisco editor 's stroke - in- progress , even more ghastly and heartless than the picture he take of sissy . from that point on , she be genuinely frighten of ludi . he spot she , and approach . ludi good morning . have you have breakfast ? sissy get away from I . int - louvre tent - day 80 abboud be at a rehearsal , surround by assistant . kiki be work . albertine be there , shoot with she video camera . int - crillon breakfast room - day 81 sergei be see order breakfast from far . as the waiter approach , he reach in a pocket . he pull out a pair of woman 's lace underpant . he stuff it back in the pocket and find the room key he be look for . he show it to the waiter , who make out a check . int - nathalie' atelier - day 82 nathalie be sit at she desk with design din front of she , but look into the distance . odile enter . . ( continued ) 1 82 83 62. continued : 82 odile : ( approach the desk ) be you all right ? nathalie ( look up ) yes , fine . ( she make a effort to smile ) odile seem unsure of what to do , but she press on and put she hand op nathalie 's shoulder . nathalie cry . odile it 's very difficult . she take nathalie 's hand and sit on the desk . nathalie I keep think about he . odile of course , and you will continue to think about he for a long time . nathalie I would not have be able to get through this without the show to distract I . thank god I have to work . odile some of the model be here . nathalie thank you . ( she take tissue out of a drawer ) tell they I '11 . be right there . int - do LA fontaine chateau - day . : 83 claude be carry she dog , which be dress in a red sweater . she begin a search through olivier 's desk drawer and he hide place . then she open olivier 's closet ( there be several of they and they be as fancily decorate as most people 's home ) , behold he collection of suit ( the camera adoringly examine the fabric , pan across the hang sleeve ofall he suit jacket , then across the row of he perfectly align shoe ) . claude look through he pocket , and thie too should be a sensual experience . she be not just look for something but enjoy the feel of the fabric , the satin in the pocket . eventually she find spme ticket to the show . {continued ) 83 84 63. continued : 83 claude enter a room that be a little dark and a little dusty . she open a closet that clearly have not be open in a long time , and pull out several garment bag in which dress have apparently be pack for 30 year . she pull out only the black and navy blue one , rejecting the colorful one . the label say balenciaga , givenchy , Christian dior , patou , Nina ricci , chanel , Worth , gre . one by one , she hold they up to herseif in front of a mirror . she try one on and it 's too big . she find pin and start pin it to fit . int - nathalie' atelier - day 84 nathalie be in she studio drape fabric on a model . albertine peek through the door . nathalie albertine , how be you ? come in . you look wonderful yesterday . I have not see you work mich lately . albertine I have some surgery . nathalie be you all right ? come , sit down . I be just finish this . albertine I be just get back into it . I be work for abboud and some other . I be hope I could work for you again . nathalie we will fit you in . I know exactly what I want you to wear . so what be wrong with you ? nothing serious , I hope . albertine ( sheepishly ) I have some plastic surgery . nathalie you ? albertine breast . nathalie no . what for ? ( contenued ) 84 64 . 84 albertine I really bad nothing . you know that . the lingerie modeling I be do , I just always look 50 awful to myself . nathalie look at albertine 's chest . nathalie you look fine . be you happy with it ? albertine it do not work out that well . I really can not do lingerie at all anymore . nathalie can you afford that ? albertine itm all right for now . nathalie well , do not worry . you will work for I . odile enter . ° odile there 's someone here to see you . nathalie who be it ? odile he say he 's a friend of olivier 's . nathalie send he in , {to albertine ) can you wait outside for I ? albertine of course . sergei enter . sergeil ( to albertine as she 's leave ) hello , how be you ? ( contenued ) 84 65 . continued : ( 2 ) . a4 nathalie you two know each other ? _albertine yes , sort of . ( she leave ) sergei ( to nathalie ) I be sergei oblamov . nathalie sit down . you be Russian . serge I be very sorry about olivier . nathalie thank you . how do you know he ? sergei we work together . nathalie you be with the chambre syndicale ? sergei no , not that kind of work . I have few question to ask . do you ever work for dior ? nathalie what be this about ? sergei I have to know . nathalie be you with the police ? sergei not exactiy . nathalie who then ? sergel you be close with olivier for many year . do he ever tell you about he political activity ? nathalie what be you talk about ? ( continued ) 66 . 84 continued : ( 3 ) 84 sergeil to come to the point , olivier work for I . I leave Moscow without a penny or a real passport . he be about to help I relocate to the United States , with a certain amount of funding . but he die . - nathalie what be you say ? what do you mean he work for you ? sergei for we , for my country . nathalie I do not believe this . this be a mistake . sergei the one thing I do bring with I be my file on olivier . they go back forty year . this be no mistake . I need to find the other operative he run . I never know they name . I know one be a woman about you age . she once work for dior . her code name be fido . nathalie you must be mad . olivier work for the resistance . why should he work for stalin ? sergei . I can not account for he political inconsistency . nathalie so , you just come here try to 's blackmail I ? J never work for dior and I would not help you if I have . sergel do you know he wife ? nathalie do you think she work for you , too ? she have not do anything with olivier since they conceive they last child , about 30 year ago . ( continued ) 84 85 67 . continued : ( 4 ) . 84 sergei I be sorry to bother you . ( he get up ) nathalie wait , you must be the one who leave he car . you kill he . sergei I do not kill he . what good would it have do I ? he choke on he sandwich . there be nothing I could do . I be sorry , madame . sergei leave nathalie 's office and come into the wait room where he see albertine . as he approach she , andree enter . andree { to sergei ) well , you certainly get around for a newcomer . serget I be learn the rope . albertine , '' this be andree . andree look albertine over with a lascivious look . . andree I have see you . backstage at some show . you be the one with the camera . int - HOTEL suite - day : . es binky , wear a leopard - print catsuit , be dictating into a tape recorder note for she article . we hear they over visual from abboud 's show . binky 1919 be the first year . collection be present on live model . today , at ieast four time a year , designer converge in simultaneous cooperation and jealousy . they cooperate to promote the industry . they be jealous over which of then achieve primacy . they all wholeheartedly want fashion to do well . they just do not want each other to do well . {more ) ( continwed ) 5 b86 68. continued : : 85 binky ( cont would ) int - tent at the louvre - day 86 . abboud 's show . the show be hold in large tent set up in the museum 's courtyard . before the show begin we see cameo of society type , fashion celebrity and movie people . closeup of clothes wear by member of the audience : hem length , lapel , decolletage , giof , handbags . closeup of the makeup this woman wear , the attempt to look young and beautiful . plenty of embarrassing example . the show should seem almost less exciting than all this vanity on display . we see claude , carry she dog ( the dog be wear a black turtleneck sweater ) . claude be dress in some spectacular 30 - year - old designer creation . in the audience people point to she and speculate on who make she clothes . abboud 's clothing be conservative , sedate , elegant . most of he model be female impersonator . we see abboud backstage watch the audience reaction as each set of model go onstage . backstage , the model be rush around half - dress , fling off one outfit and buttone up the next . some of this image be see in black and white video through albertine 's camera . view of the audience . sergei be in a second row seat . regina of the NY Times and scant of the Herald tribune be sit next to each other . sissy be there . noble and ludi be work in the photographer 's pit . forget and tantpis be there . tantpis be wear olivier 's tie , wander around the room during the show . . scant I think that be policeman over there . . ( she indicate forget and tantpis , who be skulking around . tantpis be wear olivier 's necktie ) for the murder . they think maybe biackmail be involved . regina what could possibly embarrass . anyone this day enough to make he pay off a blackmailer ? you be a drunk , you tell everyone you have go to Betty Ford . break , you file for bankruptcy . homosexual , you come out , and invite everyone to you domestic partner ceremony . you rape someone ? ( more ) ( continued ) '' 86 87 88 69 . continued : 86 regina ( cont would ) do it with you senator uncle and you can return to medical school . how do a blackmailer make a live in a world without shame ? the audience ooh and aah . some people walk out . regina I do not understand what the fuss be about . Montana do cross - dress year ago . int - HOTEL room - day 87 flynn and anne be in bed together , watch a cnw fashion report , take note on laptop computer . they be both barechest . the remnant of a room service meal be on a tray nearby . . int - backstage louvre tent - day 88 a large crowd be congratulate abboud on he show . fashion artast sarah palmer , be drink champagne near he with nina cant . palmer . Nina , we be just say how awful that model be . I be 50 tired of all this business about super model . I can not understand the glorification of the super model . : scant you be absolutely right . palmer I mean , they look positively scornful . I see Linda evangelista on the runway . she be sulkin because she be wear sone ig she do not like . they get $ 10,000 for walk up and down for half a hour . the least they can do be make the clothes lock good . scant you be go right . that 's my next story . I see it as a spread . want to do the drawing ? 89 90 91 92 93. 70 . int - crillon lobby - day binky be at the front desk . binky Excuse I , do you have a extra key for 722 ? I seem to have misplace mine . '' ext - paris outdoor cafe - day amy austen , binky 's photographer , in she fatigue , be have breakfast at a cafe . ever on the lookout for interesting visual , she have a eye for peculiar character . scout the faubourg - St . honore boutique , she spot louise bowle , who be dress sloppily but be go into the most exclusive shop with a certain amount of know hauteur . int - fancy shop - day louise enter a shop and begin browsing . the salespeople , all snobbish and aghast , look at each other . they be ready to evict louise . ext - cafe - day amy pay she bill and head for the shop in time to see : int - shop - day saleswoman ( with a sneer and in English to louise ) can I help you ? louise ( oblivious , she point to a elaborate dress . then in perfect french ) what 's the large size this come 2b ? amy be surprised to see that louise be make a purchase . as louise leave , the saleswoman open the door for she . saleswoman thank you very mich , Mrs. bowle . louise enter the next shop on the street . amy follow she . R similar scene follow . amy start surreptitiously shoot picture . louise busy another dress and handbag . ( contznued ) 89 90 $ 1 92 93 93 94 1 | ' 95 1 ~~ oo 71 . continued : 93 louise head toward she hotel burden with package and bag bear the name of the shop she 's visit . unable to find a cab , she take the metro . int - advertising agency office - day 94 albertine enter and approach receptionist . albertine I be albertine from the Ford agency . for the commercial . . receptionist bown the hall , third door on the eft . albertine walk down the hall and open the third door . she open it to reveal a wait room full of a dozen model who be all five - foot- ten-and - a-half , with shoulder length red hair and blue eye . int - crillon dine room - day . 95 binky and abboud be drink coffee . she be interview he . a taperecorder be run . abboud the whole industry be go to hell . binky what do you mean ? abboud standards . any creep who can scrape together a few thousand and draw a stick figure with a skirt call himself a designer . which be why people look so terrible . have you look around on the street lately ? I do not know where to turn my eye . every one I see be a affront to my sense of esthetics . binky oh , it can not be that bad . in fact , forget the clothes , you have to a t that people be take better care of themselves . older woman seem to remain attractive longer . ( more ) ' ( continued ) 95 72 . continued : 95 binky ( cont would ) ( that she consider herself a example of this phenomenon be unmistakable ) abboud ( smile ) older woman have always be attractive in France . you be talk about the change in american attitude , and this come purely out of economic influence . binky what do you mean ? abboud the baby boomer be get old . advertiser have to flatter they . it 's simple . binky ( change the subject ) well , you certainly can not complain about business . you show seem to be a success . abboud no , business be good . we will know in the next few day how successful this show be . but I be not suffer . I do well because I have no competition . binky . what do you mean ? last night the party be fill with designer . abboud who among they be campetition for I ? none of they do what I do . do you mean he onl oo you mean you be the only one make elegant timeless clothes ? what about rader ? givenchy ? valentino ? abboud you be talk about fashion . I be talk about style . ( continued ) '' 7x oss 73. continued : ( 2 ) binky I do not understand . abboud anyone can design a suit to look ike one of my suit . but who be the one who think of they ? fashion be stick with the trend . style be invent it . someone with style have it nude in the bathtub . go ahead and imagine rader nude in the bathtub . int - crillon lobby - day sissy walk through the lobby and see a copy of mirabella on a table . she look around quickly , grab the magazine and toss it in a waste basket . sissy spot sarah palmer have coffee . sarah be with sergei , who be wear different ciothes , tailore blue suit and tie this time . sissy Sarah , how be you ? jet lag ? palmer no , I get in Wednesday . I always come for the whole week , after eight day of high fashion I be usually ready for a rest cure at a nudist colony . when do you arrive ? sissy too early . yesterday afternoon . it 's only Saturday and I feel like I have be here forever . sarah I know the feel . oh , this be sergei oblemov . he write for the London observer . he 's Russian . be not that right ? sergei nod . sissy how do you do ? ( back to sarah ) I see binky ulrich be do a piece on the business for the New York Times magazine . they say it 's go to be a book . ( continued ) 95 96 74 . 96 continued : 96 palmer yes , and everyone be talk to she . the european obviously do not know that binky have not write a nice word about anyone in year . maybe ever . it 's a brilliant idea , I think . sissy it be . I wish I would think of it . what a tragedy about olivier . palmer terribly sad . sissy iwas in that traffic jam . palmer : do they catch the killer ? sissy no , they be look for someone in a very good tweed suit . could be someone in the industry , they think . palmer really ? sissy . well , I be off . I have to find my photographer . Nice meeting you . sarah ( to sergei ) she look great . a testimony to the benefit of piastic surgery . sergei really ? what have she have do ? sarah it would be easier to list what she do not have do . the nose be obvious . I would say a little chin work , and there must have be some lipo . I have never see she hip quite that sleek . wo 97 ~ 38 o~ 75 . int - PRESS tent at the louvre - day 97 two reporter be talk about abboud 's show . reporter he 's a genius . the show be a revelation . . reporter ii what , you too ? all he do be put woman 's clothes on a bunch of queen . you call that genius ? he 's just make fun of all of we . reporter you do not think he 's one of the best ? reporter IL he be the best salesman . he 's a cynic , a killer . I hear he 's launching a new perfume . it 's call " ferocious . " ( he laugh ) they ought to call it '' jugular . " int - rader's studio - day 98 forget and tantpis arrive . tantpis be still wear the hideous tie . rader have several assistant , all of whom speak with Russian accent . assistant { in a thick Russian accent , and extremely condescending , speak freach ) please , you will wait here . the assistant disappear into another room . he whisper to ancther assistant . that man address rader . assistant it ( in English , but no less condescending ) you have two policeman here . rader bring they in . the assistant disappear and return with the police . the vogue people - sissy and ludi - be just leave after a interview and photo session so tantpis and forget watch the model undress and dress to leave . '' ( continued ) 76 . 98 continued : 1 98 forget speak English to rader , whose french be not great . rader come in , gentleman , have a seat . that 's all , viadimir . forget you have many Russians here . rader yeah , they be a little neurotic , what with the New Europe and all . Vladimir have not be himself since the wall come down . but chanel always have lot of Russians work for she . it 's good luck , y'know ? ( he knock on he desk ) . so far it 's be work . ( to tantpis , who do not understand much English ) that 's quite a tie you have get there . quite a tie . forget M. rader , we be here about the death of olivier de la fontaine . rader yeh , I hear about it . forget do you know M. de la fontaine ? rader everybody know he . forget not yet . M. de la fontaine be carry what turn out to be a great many ticket to show . about 20 be to you show . can you think of any reason he might have have so many to you show ? rader no . do he have any other show ? forget yes , La croix , lo , abboud , gaultier , matsuda , yamamoto , romney , chanel . ( continued ) 77 . continued : ( 2 ) 98 rader maybe he be go to sell they ? oz give they to the other guy to sell . forget that think occur to we . rader what do black market ticket go for ? forget accord to we source , the price vary . rader wnat do they get for my show ? forget " rpout 1,000 francs each . rader and for abboud ? forget two thousand . rader what the fuck do that mean ? my dress be just as expensive as he . I fuck well pay my model as mach as he do . the fabric 's just as expensive as abboud 's . and he have the fuck nerve to charge twice as mich ? forget I do not think M. abboud be consult in this matter . rader I would not bet on that . he 's probably cun the scam . forget M. rader , do you have any idea why M. De La fontaine would have be carry around somany of you ticket ? ( continued ) 98 99 78. continued : ( 3 ) 98 rader what , do you think I be in on scalping my own ticket ? you think I would charge less for my show than for abboud 's ? tantpis interrupt impatiently . in french , point to the photo they have bring along , he tell forget to ask if rader know the man in the picture . . forget do you recognize this man ? closeup of photo of sergei 's jacket , wool scarf fly behind he as run away . rader sure . it 's Ralph lauren . forget look excited and pull out he notebook . forget l-o-r-e-n ? rader no. l-a-u-r-e-n. I would say about 1989 . he be do thin lapel that year . forget , catch on , be angry . forget this be no joke . rader : the fuck it be not . you two ape show I a picture of the Harris tweed poster boy , from the back , and you want I to give you a id ? hey , I be no good with face but I never forget a herringbone . forget thank you very mich , M. rader . we will be in touch . rader what about the ticket ? can I have mine back ? int - nathalie' office - day - , 99 jack be in he office . he 's on the telephone . '' ( continued ) 99 100 101 continued : jack I know I have not be home much lately . you have be busy , too . when the show be over . ( pause ) I will stay at the office tonight . ( pause ) see you tomorrow . ( he hang up ) int - dane's apartment - day dane hang up the telephone . she dial . dane ( on the telephone ) M. abboud , please . ( she wait ) marcel ? how about tonight ? int - rader's studio - day 79 . 99 2100 101 binky be interview rader in he office . amy be pack up she camera . amy so , I will come to you house this afternoon , for the closet picture . rader I will be expect you . amy leave . ulrich so , do it upset you to see what they write about you in the trade papers ? rader Nah , I never read ‘em . Collection of fuck lie . ( he stop , realize he language might not make it into the New York Times Magazine ) you will clean this stuff up , right ? oh , I do not give a fuck if you do not . look , I go to my studio every day . ( more ) _ ( continued ) 101 102 103 o~ 80 . continued : 101 rader ( cont would ) if the lock have not be change , t assume I be still in business . what else do I need to know ? int - HOTEL room - day 102 slim be on the telephone . slim you want I to go to Berlin ? ( pause ) have it be translate into german yet ? int - police headquarters - day 103 tantpis be in he superior 's office . tantpis I have absolutely no reason to believe that we will apprehend the man who kill olivier de la fontaine . superviser assume we can determine if he be kill . . tantpis assume we can determine if he be kill . supervisor ° if you do not charge someone we will never see another limousine on the street again . I do not mind tell you that the Prime minsiter be not pleased about this . arrest anyone you see in a tweed coat . but we need nomethe to show that we be make progress . tantpis but we be not make progress . superviser I can see that this attitude of yours be half the problem . gl . 104 int - rader's studio - day 104 binky be still talk to rader in he office . binky you always strive for design purity . . you only use natural fabric . I have hear you have a abhorrence of synthetics . rader can not stand the feel of they . even that new one , suppose to feel like silk . there be one exception , though . the one fabric I never use be linen . I do not know about the rest of the world , but I perspire . judge by the way the other guy use linen in they spring collection , I must be the only person leave with function sweat gland . do they come up with some anti-perspirant I do not know about ? binky what 's wrong with linen ? rader for one thing , it 's hot . for another , it wrinkle . who want to look like a root vegetable bag for market ? you have get to be a real slave to fashion to wear ic . binky : you owe you live to slave '' : fashion . rader I like to think the people who wear my clothes be make a intelligent choice . and thenames of the color . so earthy , so in tune with the environment , so . politically correct as if when you wear a '' wheat " - color linen jacket that you be somehow a better person than if you wear a shocking pink silk shirt . mushroom . avocado . elderberry . bark . ' the name be fantastic . you never hear color like : bladder . or lung. or beluga . how about a nice warm - tone horse shit ? t ( continued ) 82 . '' 7 104 continued : 104 binky be you rename you color for next season ? rader no , but I will tell you what iam go to do . I be go to have fabric like you have never see pefore . binky pabric have always be you inspiration . : rader no. telling a story have be my inspiration . . binky what do you mean ? rader fashion be about speak before you open you mouth . wearing you story . everybody want to hear storey . binky and fabric be a story ? rader everything be a story . when I be a kid I see storey everywhere . in the grille work of car - cadillac be ha ) , oidsmobile be bilious , buick be tense . same thing with clothes . there 's a story in a jacket . slash pocket be angry . a back vent be frivolous . a taper waist be sensual . Big shoulder be violent . then you have the fabric . pabric be the story- within- the - story . 105 int - HOTEL room - day 105 flynn and anne be in bed . anne it be across a crowded room . just like in the movie . ( more ) 1 { continued ) 83. 105 continued : 105 anne ( cont would ) we meet in college at a dance and that be it . we be marry as soon as we graduate . ( she start to cry ) and I do love he . flynn ( he put he arm around she . he seem to be near tear , too ) I 'l ] bet he 's a great guy to have a wonderful woman iike you , a great guy . anne ( openly weep ) he 's a great guy . the television be on . a episode of '' the prisoner " be play , dub into prench . 106 int - binky' HOTEL room - day 106 binky be in she hotel room work on she piece for the Times . she dictate into a tape recorder . . ° binky designer be once tradespeople . they be treat like servant by they client , the aristocracy , until they service become so valuable that they metamorphose inte they ciient ' social equal . today , not only be it more prestigious to socialize with a famous designer than with a duke but the designer have take on the manners and habit of the aristocracy . Ralph lauren , bear lipshitz , do not leara about suede elbow patch and safaris in the bronx . " 107 . '' int - dine room - niget : 107 this speech be hear over a fancy dinner party at which the crude cockney designer rader , 2 door , be a guest . he be advise the person next to he which fork to use . io8 109 84 . int - outside HOTEL freight elevator - day 108 luggage be wait to be deliver to guest ! room . sergei , still wear flynn 's clothes , be skulking nearby , wait for the coast to clear . int - elegant restaurant day 109 slim be preside over a round lunch table with eight guest , include nina scant , binky , sissy and regina . she see sergei enter . he be wear a grey sharkskin suit with thin lapel and extremely taper leg . the pants be a little too short . the tie be skinny and red leather . the shirt have a tab collar but he can not button it all the way because the neck be too small . he look like a escapee from a Bobby darin movie . he take a seat at the table . sissy be in the seat next to he . slim look astonished . sergei so sorry I be late . ( he turn to the person on he right and offer he hand ) Joe fiynn , Washington Post . how do you do ? slim ( play along ) I do not think you would make it , Mr. flyon . sergei I would not miss one of you famous lunch . slim : I hope you do not miss the Moscow cuisine too much . the other have already be serve they food . a maitre ¢' approach . maitre d' would you like to see a menu ? sergei no , I would just like some raw beet and carrot . . maitre d' monsieur , this be a restaurant , not a meadow . slim give sergei a wither look . ( contenued ) 85 . . 109 continued : 109 sergei yes , then , whatever Madame Chrysler be have , please . sissy I think you have say you name be Joe something . sergei ( try to recover quickly ) ' yes , well , sergei be Russian for Joe . : 1 ssissy ) so stalin be sergei stalin ? ' sergei that 's right . he be only Joe in English -speak country . ' 110 int - police headquarters - day : 110 amy be lead by tantpis and forget into a room . a two - way mirror . ~~ line one side . light go on in the room next door and she can , gee through the mirror a line up . five people dress in tweed | be all stand before she , face to the wall . lll int - HOTEL room - day . 111 ] flynn and anne be in bed , come to climax . a few moment after , she turn to he . CNN be play in the background . anne . what be we go to do ? flynn I do not know . I think I love you . and I love my wife . anne ( teary eye ) and I love my husband . a CNN reporter be hear in the background throughout the scene . reporter what follow the cold war be , for many people in the espionage business , a truly cold peace . ( more ) oo ( continued ) o~ iii continued : reporter ( cont would ) unemploy agent be look for work as bodyguard and in industrial spying . former Soviet expert be brush up on they asian history . georgetown University report a overenroliment in japanese language night course . 112 int - nathalie' office - day nathalie which he 86 . lil '' 112 enter jack 's office and find he shuffle papers , try to hide . nathalie it 's time for a talk . jack about what ? nathalie about bankruptcy . jack what be you talk about ? . nathalie I want to know if we be ruin , and if not , how long do we have pefore we reach that state . jack well , I would not say ruin .... nathalie I want you to tell I exactly what condition we be in . I do not know how you think we would mount a show with no money . I do not know what you have be do with the : money . gambling ? drug ? never mind . we do not have time for identify you character flaw right now . I may have a way to save the business . but you have to do exactly as I say . 113 int - morgue - day another arc from overhead shot of olivier 's body . the coroner , wear a apron , be nearby , eat a chocolate . { 413 1l4 115 87 , ext - police headquarters - day ue twenty limousine be illegally park , block traffic . limo driver be picketing outside , harrassing police officer as they enter the building . int - police headquarters - day 115 at the prefect 's office , tantpis be at he desk . forget be look through a brown bag . he pull out a sanéwich . forget ( in french ) I do not believe it . jambon . . handing it to tantpis ) tantpis I be not hungry . forget shrug and start to eat . tantpis perhaps de la fontaine and this man in tweed be lover . you know , the fashion business . forget . he be marry to you friend , Claude . they have child . tantpis do not mean a thing . forget he be have a affair with nathalie lo. tantpis ( protest ) it 's a idea , that 's all . I be just try to get you think . forget ( offended ) I be always think . tantpis what if olivier be blackmail we man in tweed ? then it might not be a crime passionel . forget but what could olivier have hold over the killer ? {continued ) ' 88 . continued : 115 loud crowd noise be come from outside . tantpis get up and go to the window to look out . a shot of a throng of noisy limo driver picketing and shouting in front of the step of the police station . cop be try to park they patrol car and walk through the line . tantpis close the window . tantpis let 's go have a talk with nathalie lo . what do we have on the murderer ? forget _ a set of clothes . assume there , be a murder . int - nathalie' office - day . 116 sissy and ludi be have tea with nathalie . there 's tension between sissy and ludi . sissy you style have not change much over the year . in this climate , what you do seem almost Conservative . not fiamboyant , like mugler or gaultier . : nathalie oh , well , they be man . sissy what do you mean ? ( ludi , who be snap photo during the interview , stop at the mention of man . ) nathalie Men like to excite woman with big ghowy nonsense , eccentric clothes . woman go wild and think this be the avant garde : especially that who be a little older and want to prove that they be still young . so they put on this costume and e@ themselves look silly . sissy what do that have to do with man ? ( continued ) '' 116 117 118 69 . continued : - 116 nathalie look at what man design for woman and then look at what they design for man . when be the last time you see a man leave a party in distress because another man be wear the same tuxedo ? how would he be able toteli ? no , this male designer , they make nice , sedate English - style suit for themseives . then they make crazy clothes for woman . I make clothes woman can wear .. with dignity . sissy maybe people do not want to be dignify anymore . nathalie that 's obvious . everyone dress like child today . you use to pe able to tell who be a grownup . a man wear a suit and a tie and a hat . when he come home to he family after a hard day at work , he might take off he jacket to relax . maybe loosen he tie . today , if a man actually wear a ' guit and tie to work , the first thing he do be take they off when he come home . he immediately put on a pair of blue jeans , gneaker and a t-shirt , exactly what he wear when he be 12 year old . exactiy what he own 12 - year - old be wear . there be no room for dignity in that man 's mind . int - morgue - day 117 another be of olivier ' 's laid out body . int - PRESS tent at the louvre - day 118 between show , nina scant be chat with sissy . behind they be a teeming throng of reporter , the buzz of conversation . scant so what 's it like to work with ludi ? we be think of give he a assignment . ( continued ) 118 119 90 . continued : , 118 sissy he seem competent . scant I have hear of he but I have not meet he before . very attractive . he must be bi- . sissy { surprise ) what ? scant do not he and cort romney have a thing at one time ? I be sure they be a thing . although ludi lcok pretty healthy . cort look awful . '' it 's 60 hard this day , hire someone you hope will live through the three - month lead time . int - louvre tent / fashion show - day : 119 two reporter in audience be wait for a show to start . palmer oh , you should have see the sport ' clothes . the model look like they be ready to go out and run marathon . regina I agree with chanel . Sport clothes should be for watch sport . - claude walk by wear one of she ancient designer cress . she be carry she dog . the dog be wear biack , too . palmer do you see that dregs ? where on earth do she get that ? regina I be surprised she 's out and about . before the funeral . sergei , who have be seat near regina , jump up to follow claude . he catch up with she . . sergei Madame de la fontaine . ( continued ) '' 119 120 continued : 119 claude walk ahead , ignore he . he take she by the shoulder . she turn around , indignant but still silent . she glare at he . he be momentarily intimidate but find he composure . sergeil I be a.friend of you husband 's . I have to speak with you . claude look at he even more disdainfully than before . she turn around and walk away . sergei be so surprised that he just stand there . int - HOTEL room - day : 120 flynn be in the bathroom . he be toweling off after a shower . stand in front of the mirror , he examine the complimentary product on the counter . he pick up shampoo , put it down . he pick up cologne . he unscrew the top and smell , shrug aod start to splash some on he chest when the bottle slip and he pour it all over he genitals . he lock down disconsolately , grab a towel and try to mop it up . int - nathalie' office - day '' 422 andree , albertine and dane be work . nathalie be try to block the show . tantpis and forget arrive . odile be at the desk . forget ( in french ) Police . we be here to see Madame lo. odile set they up in a room . nathalie enter . tantpis we just want to have a word with you about olivier de la fontaine . nathalie I really do not know anything . tantpis ( supercilious } Madame , we so often find that one do not know how very much one know . so please let we be the judge . when be the last time you see or speak to M. de la fontaine ? nathalie I see he the morning he die . we gat together at the Montana { show . ( continued ) 92 . i2i continued : 122 tantpis what do he say the last time you speak ? nathalie nothing unusual . tantpis can you think of any reason anyone would want to kill M. de ia fontaine ? nathalie you know that he be murder ? tantpis assume he be mirder . nathalie . then you do not know for sure . tantpis if we know anything for sure , we would not be here talk to you . do he have any enemy ? _ nathalie everyone have enemy . I go not know if anyone would have go to the trouble of kill he . tantpis Madame . I understand you have a special relationship with um . ode ja fontaine . : nathalie I fail to see what that have to do with this . tantpis but it be true that for 30 year : you have be lover , quite eublicly - nathalie I be not inform that love be a crime . ( continued ) 93 . of ~ 121 continued : ( 2 ) 421 tantpis { sigh , he put out he hand to forget ) the photograph . we want to find . who kill olivier . { he hoid up the picture amy take ) . do you have any idea who this might be ? nathalie ( she look at the picture ) no . forget Madame , do you perhaps recognize | the clothes ? nathalie ( she put on she glass . ) no , but they look custom make . british tailore . tantpis oo you be sure ? how can you tell ? nathalie ' ' monsieur , this be what I have be do for the last 30 year . look at the shoulder , the seam , the pocket . the button on the cuff be open . this be quality workmanship . he must have money . tantpis look more carefully at the picture , surprised that nathalie could tell so mich just by observe the seam . he shake he head . tantpis and this could not be do here ? nathalie it could . it , could be do anywhere . but most likely it be do in London . tantpis I see . thank you . ( he hesitates , then plunge in ) could olivier have be homosexual ? '' ~ ( continued ) 121 122 123 94 . continued : ( 3 ) - 121 nathalie { she be momentarily speechless , then smile ) well , I suppose anything be possible . from my experience , I would have to say no . _ lacan no . well then , that 's all for now . by the way , do you happen to know anyone personally who have a engiish tailor ? nathalie most of the man in the business have at least some of they clothes make in London . but that 's assume the killer be someone in the business . and assume olivier be murder . tantpis thank you . we will be in touch . int - HOTEL room - day 122 flynn be in bed with anne . they be kissing . she move down on he , we of screen . his eye close with pleasure for the cliched reaction shot . suddenly she be laugh uncontrollably . anne do you put perfume on you cock 's ( she can not stop : laugh ) int - backstage louvre tent - day 123 tne show be over . a huge crowd have come backstage to congratulate the designer . Champagne be be serve . in the middle of the bustle , albertine and andree be finish dress near each other . andree watch albertine with more ' than pass interest . anoree I can not wait to get out of here . ( albertine do not respond . she try again what do you have plan for tonight ? ( continued ) oo 123 continued : albertine nothing . andree Weil , you have to eat . I be go to go home and cook . why do not you come over ? 124 int - kiki be apartment - day jack and kiki be in bed togetehr . jack I have to go . kiki you always have to go . this be ridiculous . how long can you continue sleep with two sister ? jack it 's up to you . i'11 cut back to one , if I have to . 125 int - binky' HOTEL room - night binky be dictating . ulrich haute couture be a luxury even for the designer who induige in it . once the mainstay of they business , the hand - make haute couture be now little more than advertising . a money - loser that promote @ profitable part of the business - the pret -a-porter , the mass - produce ready - to- wear . the irony be that ready - to- wear be outrageously expensive now . originally conceive as clothes affordable to the upper middie class , the clothes show at the pret be now far too expensive for anyone but the zich to buy . in the meantime , haute couture be slowly head for extinction . ( continued ) 123 124 125 125 126 127 96 . continued : 125 the above serve as voiceover for a scene in abboud 's salon . abboud be tend to a Park Avenue matron , fitting she with some outlandish outfit , treat she with a delicate mixture of obsequiousness and disdain . int - rader's apartment - night . : 126 rader be stand inside he closet , lean on he walk stick , nestle in a space clear under the pole where all he suit hang . he have a big bunch of hang suit squeezing against he at both shoulder . he be amile and stand very still . rader - this have better be the last one . I have work to do . amy smile , please . amy be finish she photo session . a flash go off . int - andree's apartment - night - 127 andree and albertine be naked on a bed . andree be lie back , amoke a cigarette , purring happily . albertine be sit up straight . with she back to andree . we see she face . she look serable . andree so , I promise you dinner . I can make a omelet . or how about a nicoise ? . . albertine I be ' net hungry . albertine get up and begin to dress . andree what be you do ? you be not leave , be you ? int - jack and dane's apartment - night jack enter . the apartment be dark . he walk quietly into the bedroom . he look through the darkness until he realize that dane be not in bed . he sit on the bed and turn on the night table lamp . he hear the front door open . . jack dane ? '' ( continued ) 127 continued she bend forehead . 97 . : 127 dane be that you ? I think you be stay at the office tonight . jack I think you might be lonely , 0 I come home when I finish . dane ( cheerfully ) that be sweet of you . down to where he 's sit on the bed , and kiss he jack ( mystify ) so where be you ? it 's three o'clock in the morning . dane ( look at she watch ) God , you be right . I do not realize it be so late . jack so where be you ? dane I go to visit my sister . jack you sister ? ( he be shocked by the lie , then piay along ) how be she ? . dane she 's fine . let 's go to bed . I be exhaust . 128 int - binky' HOTEL room - day : : 128 binky , wear shocking pink overall , be in she room dictating . binky since chanel first begin she conquest of society , the process of become a well know designer have consist at least partly of ingratiation to that tf : ch enough to afford the clothes . ( more ) { { continued } 128 continued : 128 binky ( cont would ) the relationship of the tradesman to they employer , the member of the upper class , be fraught with resentment on both side . he become voiceover . Shots of aristocrat find they seat at show , applaud the clothes . stand ovation for the designer , who happen to be rader . binky now the privilege of the aristocracy have transfer to the tradesman themselves . rader 's show be in progress - earl noble be shoot . ludi be next to he . sissy be the front row of a press section . she dg throw nasty look at regina , who sit nearby . regina be sit with scant . they be chat . regina hey , it 's supply and demand . chanel be no genius . she be a hatmaker who make it because she run away to deauville during the war with all the society matron . guess what ? they have nothing to wear . - rader come out to take a bow to applause . the audience stand to leave . the major spot binky and approach . major . I just want to introduce myseif . Hamilton bowle . Marshall field . I be the chief european buyer . binky — ( polite but distant ) how do you do . major : I understand you be write a. book . I just want to offer my assistance , my expertise . if you need any help , I would be happy to give you some time . - binky : ( walk backwards away ) _ 4 thanks very much . I appreciate the offer . ( continued ) '' 128 continued 99 . : ( 2 ) 128 binky walk away quickly , leave the major stand in a aisle , jostle by people leave the show . int - jack and dane's apartment - day tantpis , wear olivier 's tie , and forget be at the end of a interview with jack . dane , who tantpis so you be work last Friday at the time of olivier 's death ? jack yes , that 's right . odile be at the office as well . tantpis . well , thank you very mich for you time , monsieur lo. jack it 's lowenthal . my mother 's name be lo. tantpis oh , sorry . by the way , do you happen to remember what you be wear last Friday ? jack what I be wear ? I would really have to think . tantpis please , go ahead . have be present during the question , volunteer . dane do not you have to meet with the buyer from galery Lafayette that y ? jack yes , you be right . dane . you wear that brown tweed jacket . I remember because J say that it need to go to the cleaner . jack yes , that 's right . ( contenued ) vos 128 129 100 . continued : ( 3 ) 128 tantpis where be that jacket ? jack it must be in my closet . tantpis could we have a 100 k ? jack of course . Jack get up to get it for they and be surprised to see that they be follow he the he bedroom . he look everywhere and can not find it . he start to get nervous . . tantpis be it possible that you bring it to the cleaner ? jack yes . I do not know . I have to see if I have any clean ticket in my wallet . : ( he do not . ) - tantpis : we would like to see this jacket , m -. lowenthal . . a jack realize that he 's leave it at kiki 's , which he can not admit in front of dane . . jack why do not you let I look in the office . i'1 ] pring it to headquarters as soon as I find ce tantpis we will save you the trouble . we will come along . int - hallway of jack apartment - day - 129 as s00n as they be out of earshot : jack { in a low voice ) this be a little embarrassing . J do not want to mention it in front of dane . but I think I know where the jacket be . '' ( continued ) 129 130 131 iol . continued : 129 tantpis and where be that ? jack at dane 's sister 's house . tantpis roll he eye . tantpis will someone be home there now ? jack it do not matter . I have a key . they walk to elevator , press the elevator button and wait in silence for a moment , stare into space . tantpis by the way , how do you like my tie ? ( hear no immediate response , he add ) I mean , a professional opinion . jack ( a little confuse by the question , answer hesitantly ) it 's very nice . int - kiki be apartment - day 130 as jack be search through kiki 's closet while kiki and the police look on , we hear a key in the front door . we hear a voice : kiki ? : dane enter the bedroom . she find they all there . jack be hold he tweed jacket . - dane I can not believe it . dane leave , slamm the door denind she . 131 int - tantpis's dine room - night tantpis , he wife , sophie , chantal , and forget be have d@inner . ' tantpis be constantly feed he prize bulldog , charlus , from the table . the conversation be in french . ( comfinued ) 131 132 102 . continued : 131 tantpis a we be get nowhere . forget we will get a break . something will come up . we have not be on this case that long . { to chantal ) how 's school ? chantal a bore . : tantpis . oh , she 's a excellent student . top of the class . she will be a great lawyer . ( to the dog , whom he be feed , in a baby - voice ) , charlus , the steak be just the way you like it , medium rare . chantal you know that I have not the faintest interest in be a lawyer , Father . tantpis that 's beside the point . forget what do you want to be ? chantal I be go to design clothes . tantpis ( he look at the ceiling ) over my dead body . chantal as you wish . int - jack and dane's apartment - night : 132 jack find dane in the bedroom closet , pack . jack dane , I be sorry . wait , let 's talk . it mean nothing . let I explain . ( contenued ) 132 133 103 . continued : . 132 dane po not bother . I be leave . jack I love you . dane you could not find anyone to fuck but my sister ? jack you be not exactly innocent here yourself . dane what be you talk about ? jack where be you that night I come home late and the house be empty ? you say you be visit riki . tnat 's where I have be . dane wherever it be , it be not with you brother . ( she close the suitcase she 's be pack and leave the room . ) I will get the rest of my thing later . int - HOTEL room - night : . 133 flynn and anne be in bed . the leftover from a room service dinner be on a tray on the bed . anne be . lie on she back . flynn be lean on a elbow face she . they have draw a small checkerboard on she belly and be play checker use carrot and peas from dinner as play piece . they be laugh . he make a move , and jump several of she man . anne oh , you be so bad . flynn what do you mean , I be bad ? anne you do not eat you vegetable . flynn begin eat the carrot and peas off anne 's stomach . they make love . 134 135 136 104 , int - nathalie' atelier - night . 134 nathalie be look through a rack of clothing . suddenly she stop , distract by a stray think . she turn around and storm into she office . when she reach she desk , she open the top drawer and pull out a photograph of olivier . she rip it into piece and throw they in a trash basket . int - shabby HOTEL room - night 135 albertine be talk to she video camera . albertine I must enjoy be humiliate . why else would I do this ? it 's clear that I will not get famous this way . that I be not even go to make much money . I get into this line of work because of the way I happen to look . it be pure luck that I have long leg and even feature . and now , today , : I do not get work because I look the way I look . I mean , I look like everyone who look this way . I look like a model . and there be hundred of we . thousands . we be interchangeable . it 's net beauty they be after . it 's interchangeable part ( look extremely distress ) what be wrong with I ? ( Long 's silence ) I be lose control . ( she laugh ) . : as if I ever have be in control in the first place . int - abboud' studio - day 136 he be show binky the latest promotion . abboud this should start run this fail in the United States . there will be a big print campaign to go with it . he slip a video tape into a vcr and they watch the 15 - second television commercial be use to launch " ferocious " in America . ( continued ) '' 136 137 138 139 105 . continued : . 136 on video screen : closeup of a woman 's face in ecstacy . the camera pull away to reveal the back of a man 's head . he be obviously kissing she neck with a certain amount of passion . the camera move in closer . then he head withdraw and the camera continue to move in on she neck until we see a huge violet hickey . the voiceover gay at the same time as title come up : " ferocious . the way you want it . " ext - paris schoolyard - day 137 Pan across a tableau of high school girl all dress aiixe in parochial drab . the shot emphasize that the body of the gizt may differ but the uniform be identical : white shirt , plaid pleate skirt , knee sock , lace - up shoe and biazer . some girl have a ribbon in the hair or a bow knotted at the shirt collar but the attempt to deviate be feeble . . a nun clap she hand abruptly . the girl file into the school building obediently . Three of they have be smoking and quickly put out they cigarettes to join the other . one be chantal tantpis , the prefect 's daughter . ext - paris STREET - day . 138 jantpis be walk he bulldog . the bulldog leave a large deposit on the sidewalk . tantpis be carry a plastic bag to scoop it up but he consider the volume of the mess , put the empty bag in he pocket and drag the dog off from the scene of the crime quickly . int - cort romney's walk -in closet - day 139 romney be sit in a large club chair in he closet . he be look at himself in a hand mirror . Bright light be shine '' on he . his makeup be especially evident . . romney so you want the shirt unbuttone ? amy ( prom offscreen ) yes , all the way . next to romney be a cabinet with many drawer . several of they be open and shirt of all color and pattern can be see . some be fold and some unfold and stuff back into the drawer . ( continued ) 106 , 139 continued : 139 ' amy ( offscreen ) that 's good . & flashbulb go off . 140 int - abboud' closet - day 140 abboud be stand in he walk - in closet . a bright light be shine on he . he be hoid a long shoe horn . he be barefoot . the wall behind he be line with shelf that be fill with shoe , perhaps a hundred pair . a flash go off . 141 int - shabby HOTEL room - day 141 louise return to she room after another day of shopping and hang up all the clothes she 's buy . she change into gomethe dowdy and go to romney be show . 142 int - HOTEL room - day 142 flynn and anne be in bed . they be both type into they computer . CNN be on with some fashion news . flynn what time be it ? anne I have no idea . flynn yeah , but be it day or night ? 143 ext - louvre cour carre - day 143 tae crowd be push its way through into the tent for romney 's ebnow . . 144 int - louvre tent - day 144 romney 's show . we see press in they seat . photographer be wait for the action to start . 145 int - backstage -. day 145 albertine be walk around shoot with she camera . she ' settles behind dane who be at a makeup mirror try to fix she eye , swollen from cry . 1 { continued ) 145 146 147 148 149 150 107 . continued : 145 dane ( irritably ) albertine , please , do you have to right now ? int - school hallway - day : 146 chantal cut class , change out of she parochial school uniform and into outrageous punk regalia , complete with makeup and anti - gravity hair . int - louvre tent - day 147 chantal and friend enter to see romney be show . sergei , wear a red turtleneck sweater , and black leather pants and jacket , be take a front row seat . he see slim several seat away and walk toward she . int - backstage - day 148 model alison noble be wait for the show to start . she be eat ice cream . voice ten minute , everybody . alison get up , dump the ice cream in a trash can . int - bathroom stall - day : 149 alison be lean into a toilet , vomit . she come out ready to work . . . int - louvre tent - day 150 claude look for she seat . she be wear one of she dark , ancient couture special . . nearby , sergei find slim . sergei I want to thank you for a lovely lunch . slim ( regard he clothing ) you have a lot more imagination than I give you credit for . ( continued ) 150 108 . continued : 150 sergei I be wonder if we might have a longer chat , over dinner ? slim and a lot more nerve . the light dim . slim you would better find you seat . the show 's start . ( she walk away ) sergel wait . you can not just walk away . I know who you be . seat far from the stage . chantal and she friend take some empty seat . two 40 - 4sh woman approach . woman ( to chantal ) I think you be in we seat . chantal glare back at she . Long shot of entire room , every seat fily . the light dim . the music start . model begin to march onto the runway and the click of camera be hear . General area where chantal and friend be sit . half a dozen policeman and usher be haul chantal and she gang out . stage and runway . the stage be decorate with dark cork panele . five model come out dress in different version of man 's 1920 suite in different color with waistcoat and high - butto shoe . they be all wear black wig of short hair parte on the side , with heavily draw - on eyebrow , circle under they eye and biack moustach . they be each carry thick leather - bound book . in the audience , nina scant and regina be sit next to each other . scant oh god , they be proust . regina I think they be groucho marx . romney , who look like death , even with all he makeup , appear pefore the crowd on the runway at the end of the show . ( contenued ) 150 asi - 109 . continued : ( 2 ) . 150 romney this show be to honor the memory of one of the world 's great writer , marcel proust . he die in 1922 , have be bedrid for the last year of he life , yet still write all during that time like a madman . but we in this business know about mad . I also want to remember another great man who devote he own madness to help the rest of we express we madness . olivier de la fontine will be miss by we all . I have to thank my staff for they herculean effort in put together this show under difficult circumstance . and most of all , I offer my gratitude to my dear wife elise , for she unshakable support . ' thank you all for come . 's be he sick ? regina if he be , then half of Paris better get test . a huge crowd of reporter and friend head backstage to congratulate romney . slim be move in the opposite direction , try to leave the tent . sergei try to follow but lose she in the crowd . int - backstage - day : 151 after romney 's show the mood be celebratory . Champagne cork be pop . everyone be there to congratulate romney , who be sit in a corner , sweat and look weak and pale . the major run into sissy . ' ' major , be you go to feature any of this ? . sissy do you like it ? major not especially . no zip . ( continued ) isi 152 153 110 . continued : 151 sissy we be do a cover . ( she walk away . ) romney drink water . his wife , elise , be with he greeting wellwisher . . romney be talk with a obviously gay man . gay man and you just know that every time he be talk about be in love with a woman , albertine , or gilberte , he be really remember some man he be mad for . romney '' he say something about homosexual make the best husband . int - louvre tent - day _. 452 the audience be leave . photographer be pack up . two matron be discuss proust . . matron I find he absolutely unreadable . a completely overrate writer . — unending sentence , no sign of a paragraph for page . he have one pook that 's six hundred page long . two chapter . and all about homosexual . matron ii my god , you read it ? matron of course not . int - police headquarters - day 153 tantpis and forget be leave as chantal and friend be be bring in . tantpis walk right past he daughter . he do not recognize in she get-up . forget see she . : forget ( to tantpis , in french } I forget something . you go ahead . I will see you there . ( contienued ) 153 154 ill . continued : is3 tantpis go ahead . forget return to the desk ' and pull chantal aside . * forget ( to the arrest officer ) ~ I will take care of this one . forget take she into another room . he throw up he hand . forget do you have you school clothes with you ? ( chantal nod ) put they on . I be go to put you in a cab . go home . . ( forget open the door and call out . ) bergere , come here . bergere , who have a enormous nose , enter . forget see that this girl get a taxi . ( to chantal ) not a word of this to anyone . from either of you . int - abboud' studio - day 1s4 binky have drop by abboud 's again . we catch they mid - interview . she be toss out name and he be respond spontaneously . binky dior . abboud refined . historic . binky chanel . abboud well , Karl , really . binky all right , then , lagerfeld . abboud nutty , but responsible . ( continued ) 112 . o. i154 continued : 154 binky what do you mean ? abboud he have to be the great chanel and he hag to be Karl too . live up to tradition of a fame label but still express himself . you can get crazy like that . binky armani . abboud a architect . a great structural engineer with a artist 's extraordinary feel for fabric and . line and color . one of the all - time great . binky gaultier . abboud I like what he do . it be not ao ciothing , but it 's very amusing . binky . Montana . abboud he make sculpture with zipper . binky La croix . abboud a 19508 anachronism . lot of ruffle and camouflage so you can not see that there be nothing underneath . he 's try to 9 ° " classique " lately . time will tell mipe he . he 's young so there 's e . binky Saint Laurent . abboud a professional neurotic . binky but talented ? of ( contenued ) o~ 154 155 413. continued : ( 2 ) be 4 abboud a genius , but he 's the first to say 50 , and I hate to be second at anything . binky - nathalie lo. abboud ap understate artist . of the first rank . she have a excellent eye . stylish but not trendy . she have whimsy but she know what woman will look well in . binky quite a testimony . abboud she be deserve . binky I have hear you two do not get along , much less admire each other . abboud you see , you can not believe what you hear . binky abboud . abboud always learn . always strive . always hope to do better . _ binky very humble . abboud not humble . I love woman . I want to make they look good . int - cafe cador / across from louvre - day 155 sergei be at the counter look at pastry . he be still wear the black leather motorcycle jacket with sleeve a littie too short and biack leather pants that be a too short . alison walk in , have just finigh romney 's show . she stand next to sergei at the counter . ( continued ) '' 1i4. is5 continued ; 155 sergei beautiful , be not they ? alison what ? sergei the pastry . alison yes . that over there be heavenly . sergei can I buy you one ? alison oh , no . I be just have coffee . sergei and alison at a email table . they be drink coffee and laugh and eat . the table be cover with four or five different half - eat pastry . 156 int - apartment build hallway - night . 156 tantpis and forget be at the door to abboud 's apartment late at night . they ring the bell . abboud answer in he dress gown . abboud ah , Inspector . I can not say it 's nice to see you at this hour , but come in . tantpis ' sorry to disturb you , M. abboud , put we want to ask you a few question , if you do not mind . i87 int - abboud' live room - night : 187 abboud I do not appear to have much choice . go ahead .. tantpis what be you wear last Friday during the day ? abboud . I really do not remember . I could check my calendar . maybe that will remind I . l ( continued ) 115 . 157 continued : . is7 tantpis please do . abboud leave and return with a large diary . he check the the . abboud . I go to work . nothing special . I do not remember what I wear . tantpis do you own a brown tweed coat and pants ? abboud I own several tweed coat and pants . lacan can we see they ? abboud of course . abboud walk toward the bedroom and the police start to follow . 's he get to the door and turn . . abboud I be not alone . tantpis we will be discreet . abboud knock on the door . . abboud cherie , we have company . we be : come in for a moment , ali right ? a female voice yes , ail right . abboud open the door and dane be in he bed with the cover pull up around she . . tantpis Nice to see you again , Mademoiselle . sorry to disturb * ( to abboud ) you closet ? abboud this way . 158 159 160 161 116 , int - dark closet - night 156 camera be inside . door open bring light and abboud , tantpis and forget in . abboud turn on the light . ‘he suit be line up on one side . shoe be all neatiy set in row . sweater be arrange on a side wall by color . tantpis and forget start search through the jacket systematically . tantpis { holding up a brown tweed jacket ) here we be . English ? abboud ( laugh ) yes , it be . ext - HOTEL - night is9 late at night the major leave a function at a hotel , waik to the street to hail a cab and see the limo driver picketing . he get into a cab . he give a address to the driver , who seem surprised . . the cab drive through a questionable neighborhood . the car stop at a rundown hotel , which we recognize as louise 's . int - HOTEL hallway - night 160 he knock on a door and louise open . major helio , dear . ( he kiss she ) thrill I . int - HOTEL room - night . 161 she open the closet and throw the stuff she 's buy on the bed . he strip and try the dress on . he admire himself in the mirror . : louise you look wonderful , darling . she help he dress , do up the button and zipper . the proximity tead to a embrace and they fall passionately into ed . the same scene see through a telephoto lens . 162 163 164 ily . int - HOTEL room - night 162 amy , see from behind , be in a hotel room lean out a window shoot at the hotel directly across from she , where louise and the major be screwing . amy wait across the street . int - bathroom of a bar - night 163 two man in woman 's clothes be snort cocaine . another man dress as a woman be stand at a urinal . another man dress as a woman emerge from a stall and leave the bathroom . the door swing shut behind he and we see a sign that say '' dame . * int - bar - niget 164 a crowded , noisy , smoky place fill with regular , many of whan be man dress as woman , some of they accompany by woman . dress as woman . a few less conspicuously dress people be also in the bar . the major enter with louise . amy follow soon after . the major and louise take a table and order drink . at the next table sit sergei and andree , and andree 's lover , tanya . they be all dress as man . sergei be wear the plaid jacket he steal from the major . he still have the black leather pants ~ on . : andree I do not come here often . it 's a little too druggy for I , but I think it might amise a visitor from Russia . sergei ( look awed ) and they be not homosexual ? andree ( laugh ) why do not you get we more drink ? sergei get up and bump into the next table , knock drink into the major 's lap and all over he dress . major Jesus fuck christ ! you idiot . sergei I be go sorry . sergei pull a handkerchief out of he pocket and start to offer it to the major . it have the Major 's initialson it . the major , who ig furious , look with vague recognition at the piaic jacket but be so angry he simply get up , push past sergei . 1 ( continued ) 164 165 118. continued : 164 . major Jesus christ ! he major disappear into the bathroom . louise mop up the mess en the table . - sergei I be terribly sorry . five police officer enter the bar forcefully with they hand on they gun . they walk quickly through the crowd , straight to the bathroom . the bathroom door mark " dame . " the door swing open violently and each of the officer come out , gun draw and drag a man dress in woman 's clothing handcuff . the major be among the prisoner . louise go run after the major . int - louvre tent - night 165 a late night rehearsal of nathalie ' 's show . the seat be fill here and there with friend of the designer and model . fill front row seat be six woman in they forty and fifty , wi frost biondish hair , painstake ] : apply makeup , slack , silk shirt , Kelly bag , flat and fur : expensive casual . during the rehearsal we keep come back to they . on the runway , nathalie and jack have the model walk up and down the runway . all the clothes be monochromatic , the runway ds red , kiki model a man 's suit in red with a red shirt , red sock , red shoe and bag . lot of hat . a brown dress , brown stocking , brown shoe . a black long - sieeve jersey dress ankle length with no back . the audience be eepgeze : mostly friend of the model and nathalie . the leau of wealthy attractive middle age woman ' take like participant in the last Supper . as the rehearsal progress . they pull out a picnic and start gorging on san es . nathalie be distract . she try some satie music . no good . tries mendelssohn . no good . then rickie Lee jane , '' my funny Valentine , " " something cool , " " walk away rene . " nathalie , frustrated , jump up and start to rip a jacket off a model . nathalie there 's nothing wrong with the music . it 's the clothes . take it off . odile , we have to redo this jacket . it 's a embarrassment . jack intercept odile . { conqinued ) 165 166 167 168 119 , continued : . 165 jack calm she down . we be waste rehearsal time . the model be expensive . int - HOTEL room - day 166 sergei wake up in a man 's bed . he slip out quietly , rummages quickly through the man 's closet , pull out pants , a shirt , a pair of boot and a jacket . he duck into the bathroom where he dress quickly . we do not really see what he 's wear clearly because he ig not quite buttone up . he run he band over he beard and look at the razor on the counter by the sink , but decide he have not enough time . he sneak out of the room , in the hallway we see that he be wear a cowboy shirt , a suede jacket with fringe and cowboy boot . ext - police headquarters - day 167 louise and the major , who be still dress as a woman with a coat drape over he , be leave the building . binky and amy be wait for the major . the picketing limousine driver be chant on the sidewalk . binky call to the major . : binky Major bowle , can we go someplace for a coffee ? the major , arm in arm with louise , sweep past binky . int - HOTEL dine room - day 168 lupi arrive at the crilion look for sissy . he find she have breakfast . there 's tension between they . ludi ( with feign lightheartedness } what 's the schedule , boss ? sissy ( she be not buy . coldly ) oh , it 's you , we be interview rykiel and gaultier this afternoon . rader 's show be this morning . you have you ticket , I assume . lupi yes . ( contnued ) 168 169 220 . continued : 168 sissy look down at she breakfast , in effect , gismiss ludi . ludi this be for you . ( ge hand she a manilla envelope and leave ) she assume it 's work for the magazine . she tear it open angrily and discover that with the rader contact sheet be the negative of the roll ludi shot of she after they first afternoon togther . int - louvre tent - day i169 the member of the press be arrive at gaultier 's show . what follow - binky 's text - will be cut to suit the brilliant -vigualg that the director be oblige to supply here . binky the value place on beauty in this business be symptomatic of exactly the kind of fuzziness that characterize every ¢efinition in fashion . what 's beautiful this year - for instance , model carre otis ' big lip - be anathema in 1970 when every high school girl want to look like the all - american , thin - lipped Cheryl tieg . beauty be a word that get toss around in this business without regard for standard . the most or@inary - look model , with look that might once have . generously be describe as '' pleasing , * today in the hyperbolic lingo of the fashion magazine , be dub " beautiful . " no one seem to remember that beauty use to be rare , that it 's relative scarcity in nature be part of what make it not and compelling . model and movie star be routinely call beautiful this day if they have a full set of tooth . Close examination of the great beauty of cinema reveal that the secret of they allure be imperfection . more , ( continued ) '' 221. 169 continued : . 169 binky ( cont would ) Sophia loren with that foreshortened chin at the end of a otherwise perfect face that , from the top , seem like it might run on forever . ' the abrupt bring you back to earth . this be a human be , you be remind by that squash chin , not same siab of Hellenic statuary . the unfortunate chin flaw force you to return in a mesmerize circle of motion . the eye can not pull away . then there be the young Jeanne Moreau , with she comical parody of a pout , and a round band of forehead like a big protective bumper for she brain . audrey hepburn with she huge fist of a ' nose clench in the middie of that wide white face , the proportion recede in breadth from crown to av in the endear - ratio of a child 's face . the large eye and ear narrowing to a underdeveloped jaw , like a cartoon character , a sweet , fashion plate mickey mouse . and Charlotte rampling with she bony knob of a face , like some kind of leather maker 's tool . buffed and protuberant at the nose and cheekbone , slitted at the eye , fold at the mouth . and Julie Christie with she clothes pin - . pinch nostril and impudent , pendulous lower lip . garbo never come close to match this woman in beauty . her perfection emit all the human perfume of a rock formation . at she best , she be inert , unchange . perhaps this make look at she reassur : , she suggest to we that man be , after all , perfectable . but she could never be compelling . you look once , and that be enough . there be nothing more to take in . perfection strike hard - you know it when you have see it and then you must turn you eye away . beauty draw we in because of its ugliness . 4 ( more ) { ( continued ) — 169 170 iv. 122. continued : ( 2 ) 169 binky ( cont would ) perhaps Sophia loren in the early morning , after a long night , wake up chin first so that only the weakness and misproportion be showcase . flaw help we recognize ourselves in beautiful people , which be why , despite every reason to despise they , we only envy they . we see ourselves in the truly beautiful , only correct . we own big nose see excusable when we see how well a big nose can do in the middle of a more accommodate face . " - under the ideal circumstance , all of the live famous woman mention above will appear in the film somewhere . int - hospital room - day . 170 romney be in bed , hook up to a iv , leck . spend and gray . pier er erhard , a german department store buyer , be at he edside . dieter I be so sorry , cort . I be afraid to tell you . I have not have any tom . ( he sit near the bed and take cort 's hand . he be cry . ) romney . : it 's not you fault , dieter . I have leukemia . int - HOTEL hallway - day 271 sergei , dress in the fringe cowboy jacket and cowboy boot , be walk fully down the corridor . he knock on a door. open it . slim ( regard he clothes ) you certainly have a sartorial knack . what be you do here ? sergel we have to talk . you know that . ( continued ) i ~ i7i 123. continued : ivi slim I do ? all right come in . I just order a iate lunch . you meet be starve . by my calculation , you be out of money by now . sergel money be exactly what I want to see you about . slim first , eat . ( she lead he to a table with a room service meal on it . he sit ) have same coffee . you need . - something to steady you nerve . she pour he a cup . it overflow and go down he shirt , jacket and pants , leave a huge dark stain . he jump up . sergel be careful ! slim I be so sorry . she dab he crotch with a napkin . he grab it away from she angrily . sergel leave it alone . slim I be sorry . ( now she 's suppress a laugh ) X know you must have go to some trouble to find that clothes . sergei enough . I know who you be . I have to go to America . I need money . I need a shower and a shave . I need clothes . and you will get they for I . slim and why will I do that ? sergel zt have the file . I have it all . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) slim - ( seemingly undisturbed ) why do not you eat something ? you can not be sure when another meal will come along . sergei you be force I to expose you . slim be I suppose to feel threaten ? sergei feel as you like . I be interested in you action . slim what make you think there 's anything to expose ? sergei do not bother deny this . I have the file . slim ( smiling ) dear boy , do not you know why I be here ? yes , I be work for a designer , but primarily I be here to promote my new book . it 's just be translate into french . slim it 's call " thirty year as a counterspy .* slim yes , my publisher be send I to Berlin next . ( she put she hand co he shoulder ) — you be in the book , but do not worry . no one will recognize you . I call you alexei . 124 . i171 she cross the room - and pulis a volume out of the carton mark " book . " she hold it up . the title be in french . bergei look at she dumbfounded and drop he head into he 173 '' 174 175 176 125 , int - nathalie' apartment - night 172 nathalie go to she desk in the apartment and make a call . nathalie odile ? ( pause ) you just get home ? ( pause ) I want to make some change on the show . get ali the girl to come to the studio at eight in the morning . we have a jot to work to do . ( pause ) yes , wake they up . ( pause ) and there a few thing I will need you to get . you have a pen ? int - HOTEL room - night 173 albertine be sit in front of she video camera . she turn it on , open she mouth as if to speak and then close she eye in surrender . she then tape herself take a bottle of pilis ané@ wash they down with vodka . int - HOTEL room - night ' 174 plynn and anne be lie in bed . a room service tray be on the floor . they computer be on the bed . cin be play . they be lie side by side . he be nude . she be wear a well wear hotel robe . they be weep loudly . a box of kleenex be on the bed between they . ext - crillon HOTEL - day ' 175 sergei start to walk into the hotel . he stop and check he pocket . he have only a few francs . he smooth he stain jacket and go in . int - backstage louvre tent - day 176 nathalie be show . she 's nervous partly because she have scrapped the show she would plan . there 's a stand room only crowd , well attend because it 's rumor : to be she last show . jack have anyone see albertine ? 177 178 126 . int - louvre runway - day i777 the light be down . the model come on stage wear nothing dut a few well choose accessory . the audience fall silent , then the crowd start to laugh . tne nudiry be not shocking , but rather a surprise from a designer so well know for she elegance , decorum and taste . the audience be not sure how to react at first . the photographer , momentarily stunne , begin to shoot . . ludi ( put down he camera , to another photographer ) who will run this ? he start to take off he clothes . so do other in the crowd . the atmosphere become tribal . on the runway , flower petal fall from the ceiling . at the end of the ehow , nathalie come cut nude to wild applause . she be weep and smile . forget and tantpis , dress , be in the audience mystify . sissy , abboud , sergei , slim and rader be in the audience . claude be one of the few people still dress . she be wear one of she couture special . she be applaud . slim slip out of the tent as scon as the show end . sergei see she and try to follow but lose she . nina scant and regina be sit together . . regina I do not know what the big deal be . lagerfeld do nudity year ago . ext - louvre tent exit - day 178 claude , carry she dog , step outside the tent and walk into the courtyard . she put the dog on the ground . ne see she from the waist up , walk . suddenly she stop and look down . claude ( in french , encouragingly ) that 's right , cherie . after a moment she walk on . door of the tent . sergei rush out , still search for slim . he stride along and then stop . sergel I do not believe it . sergei look down at he cowboy boot , which be stand in the pile leave by claude 's dog . ' — _ . ur 79 180 '' ss 127 . int - morgue - day 179 from above , we see olivier 's body emerge from a refrigerate drawer . the coroner , who have pull the drawer open . he be with tantpis , forget and a man from a funeral home . coroner I just have to have you signature and you can take the body . tantpis I be sorry it be not murder . I have meet a lot of people in the last few day I would like to see behind bar . ext - cemetery - day , 180 olivier 's funeral . as the procession drive into the cemetery we see sergei , dress in he stain cowboy clothes , dog shit on he boot , still uwnshaven , but even more down and out , well on he way to become a bum . he spot slim , who ignore he . nathalie be at the funeral . tantpis and forget be aiso in the crowd , whisper to each other . tantpis see a man in tweed . and gesture at he to forget . claude ignore nathalie . - wina scant and regina attend . scant so he be not kill . it be just a sandwi regina shake she head . regina so sad . pan to two baby tear off they diaper on a nearby lawn . we pull back to see it be photo shoot for a diaper commercial . the credit roll over stylize fashion drawing caricature ail the principal character .