" reality bite * written by helen childress ry to g jersey film December 5 , director : Ben stiller fade in : a television set as the various channel be be surf . linger on each for about two second . we see fragment bit and piece of different program : ' the brady bunch , * " the fact of life , " a infommercial , " too Close for Comfort , * " what 's happenin ' ?* then the channel start slip past we even faster : whatchew talkin' ' bout Willis -- quick - picker - upper ~-- weezy -- my hand feel like two - ~ dyn-o-mite~ - sometimes you do not . they blur together ~ -- then the streen turn a bright blue . and the word * vcr play " appear ... qnvideqtape / tyy int . / ext . stadium - graduation a sea of hat : the flat black top of hundred of graduation cap . a few of the graduate have decorate the top of they mortar board with mask tape in the shape of peace sign , dollar sign , Greek letrer , " u.h. , * ' now what ? " etc . Te be a windy buc sunny June morning at the University of Houston . the graduate student be sit in row of chair . ' the stand be full of relative and friend . lelaina pierce , early twenty , stand at the podium on stage , in cap and gown . one day she could be president , if she could just find she car key . she be visibly nervous but passionate as she read she speech off the index card she hold . lelaina -~ and they wonder why that of we in we twenty refuse to work a eighty hour week just so we can afford to buy they ( truly repulse ) BMW 's . why we be not interested in a counter - culture they invent . as if we do not see they disembowel they revolution for a pair of run shoe ! {applause } yeah , instant karma 's gonna get they ! Wild applause from graduate . lelaina but the question remain : what be we go to do now ? how can we repair all the damage we inherite ? how can we outgrow this bankrupr hand - me-down ? fellow graduate , the answer be simple . the answer ... she turn over the index card . a look of panic spread across she face . she wildly flip through she other index card , wide - eye . she look around . the video camera find a single index card lie on the stage about ten feer from the podium . lelaina curn to go retrieve it , but a breeze slide under it and gently float it off the stage . lelaina take a deep breath and face the wait audience . lelaina the answer be ... ilong beat ) I do not know . a 1970 's song like " I be you boogie man '' start up ... cur . to : on videotape ext . skyscraper roof - early evening the video camera be set up on a tripod om the roof . the Houston skyline be see in b.g. , fiery as the sun be set . lelaina , hold a diet Coke . dress in black ( she wear all black all the time unless otherwise note ) , look into the camera . lelaina I be not a valedictorian . but I play one on tee - vee . troy we know you sleep you way to the podium . she roll she eye and turn around to find troy dyer , roguishly handsome , early twenty . he wear jeans and a t-shirt with a open button-down over it , a light cigarette dangle from he mouth . the one thing sharper than he mind be he tongue . sume_cud the video camera be now hand -held . a party 's go on up here : Rolling rock six - pack , pizza box , a jambox . on the ledge sit vickie miner , early twenty , wear . a bizarre 70 's outfit with big . round sunglass push back on she head , no make - up , she streak hair parte down the middle . she be smoking a joint . she have long since quit give a damn . and sammy buck , early twenty , dress in both cap and gown . riddle with fear and insecurity , he be very handsome , buc he have no igea . the camera find Troy , who sit next to sammy . troy okay , laney , zi think the moment have be capture . now would you get you face out of the camera ? lelaina it 's for my documentary ! vickie her ... " documentary . * lelaina hey , this be go to be the history book of the future here . you will thank I when you see yourself on pbs . sammy yeah right . I have a feel we be all gonna end up on stage with Bob saget . 's omecur vickie be behind the camera now , taping lelaina and Troy and sammy . be stone , vickie 's camera work be pretty weird : quick zoom , dutch angle , decapitate people , etc . lelaina look into the camera , worried . lelaina you sure you can handle that ? vickie ( 0.c . ) yes ! lelaina put she arm around Troy . this two be crazy about each other , but catch in the mire of a platonic friendship . lelaina I bring you back a souvenir . she pull a tassel from a graduation cap out of she pocket and hand it to he . Troy grimace . sammy Troy , you can go back and graduate next year . you can still get you b.f.a . troy b.f.d . I be through with the whole wank -a-rama . he toss the tassel over he shoulder and off the building -- ome 4 lelaina be operate the camera again , taping sammy , who be freaking out . vickie and Troy be try not to laugh in b.g . sammy a liberal art degree -- what do that mean ? I will tell you what it mean . it mean , '' we be sorry , sammy , but we be look for someone who 's able to make decision . have you think about telemarkete ? " lelaina ( o.c . ) sammy , just remember this : you can always go to graduate school . sammy stop , brighten as he consider this : sammy that 's true . ump ou vickie ( into camera ) my goal ? my goal be to be the first white woman to land on spike Lee . but seriously , I want to one day host my own infommercial . ...2 do not have a product yet , but , um -- jump_cur troy I want to feel the inside of a black hole before I die . sammy ( o.c. ) yeah , I think we can arrange that . ume cor lelaina okay , I know this be cornball , but ... ( sincere ) I would like to somehow make a difference in people 's life . there be a reverent pause ... then : troy and I would like to buy they all a Coke . lelaina smirk , annoyed , but half - expect that . lelaina and you wonder why we never get involved . jump_cur troy Three word : November sixteenth , nineteen - ninety -- lelaina -- yeah , totally drunk out of my mind -- troy ; ~- it could have be a poetic experience if I be not such a gentleman . lelaina whar !?-- yeu be the one who want ~ - troy ~- you be begging -- lelaina ~- just let it go , dyer . surrender the fantasy . sammy my goal be ... that ... ( sigh ) like , to have a career or something ? should I say that ? do you think -- can I change my answer ? or ... be thar cool ? sammy , vickie , Troy and lelaina sit on the ground . ume _ood vickie four year of college and it 's coffee job for all of we . except lelaina . troy hey , a career be not happiness ... or be it '' happiness be not a career " ? sammy except for clown . vickie I think happiness be a warm puppy . vickie and sammy talk into the camera , arm in arm . wo vickie one day T be go to take sammy against he will and straighten he we . if we can put a woman on the Supreme Court , we can put one on you coo , Sam . sammy ( sarcastic ) gosh , vickie , that would solve all of my problem . vickie yes , and just think : I would not have to just pretend to be you girlfriend in front of you parent anymore . sammy ( deadpan ) I be so totally turn on , I could cut glass with my erection . vickie push he away as she double over with laughter . ump_cur lelaina and Troy watch vickie , who 's still laugh . troy she 's toast . lelaina she 's just buzze . watch . '' ( testing ) vickie , quick -- you social security -- ~- vickie suddenly stop laugh and straighten up -- vickie -~451-25-9357 , ( a disturb beat ) thac 's the only thing I really learn in college . vickie pick up she Charlie 's angel lunchbox ; she push she sunglass down , back over she eye . vickie dude . I be in trouble . jume_cur the camera be stagnant on a tripod as the four of they sit on the ledge , laugh and sing ' conjunction Junction " : on lelaina / troy / vickie / sammy conjunction junction , what 's you function ? hookin ' up word and phrase and clause . conjunction junction , how 's that function ? get three favorite car , they get most of my job do ! -- cur to : int . restaurant - evening -- Dead silence . everyone be sit at a table : Troy and lelaina siz on one side ; PAT pierce ( early 50' ) , lelaina 's successful - iook dad , be at the head of the table , and cynthia nickle ( 40' ) , lelaina 's attractive mom , be at the other end . carol ann pierce ( 40' ) , Pat 's clipped , business - like second wife , sit at Pat 's right . dale nickle , barely thirty , Cynthia 's rough - look husband , sit at she leave . they be eat , stare into they plate . lelaina sip she diet Coke ... cynthia you sister be really sorry she could not come . lelaina nod . dale that be a real good talk you give today , lelaina . cynthia do not you think so , Troy ? troy very hip . very PC . dale what 's PC ? cynthia ( chide ) oh , Dale , get with it . personal computer . lelaina actually , it 's ' politically correct .° cynthia I think so too , honey . Troy and lelaina exchange look . Carol Ann look into she food , disturb . she reach into she shrimp and pull out a hair . carol ann ( disgust ) lelaina »» - maybe it 's one of yours . Pat raise he glass to take a drink . Dale lean over to get a closer iook at the hair . dale maybe it 's a puber . Pat nearly choke on he drink . Dale laugh at he joke . Carol Ann and lelaina put down they fork while Troy try to stifle he laughter . Cynthia glare hard at Dale . PAT ..- well , I guess I will go ahead and give you you graduation present . he hand she a mobil credit card . PAT T will pay that bill for one year . Troy whistle as if he 's impressed . lelaina thanks , dad . Pat look at Carol Ann and smile ; she nod . he reach in he suit pocket and pull out a key . he hand it to lelaina . PAT and since Carol Ann get a new infiniti , we be give you she old BMW . you can pick it up at we house . Troy smirk . lelaina be crestfallen ; she start to speak -- cynthia . -- BMW ? Pat , do not you listen to she speech today ? she do not want a BMW . lelaina I will handle this , mom . carol ann with you new job , you be go to need a reliable car . lelaina it 's not the reliability I -- 10 PAT -- I be not gonna sit here and listen again to some strange ethical argument about a damn car . it 's get four wheel , ict run well , and after you have be in the real world a while , you be gonna appreciate that car . troy ( devilish ) dust think of all that starve child in Africa who do not even have car -- cynthia -- Troy , do you father give you gift like that ? lelaina -.- mother ... troy actually , my dad 's die of cancer so I do not really trouble he for gift . a silence beach itself on the table for a moment : Dale be the only one who continue to eat . cynthia see , Pat ? lelaina mother , please . carol ann ( to pass waiter ) check . cynthia you do not want a BMW . tell he , lelaina . PAT ( slowly ; as if the a child ) Cynthia , she can make she own decision . lelaina dad , come on , do not talk to she like that . she 's not a child . PAT ( laugh ) she marry one . Troy try not to laugh . lelaina be stunne . Cynthia be speechlessly offended and hurt . Dale look up . 20 dale ( mouth full , confuse ) whac ? Cynthia stand up , about to explode -- lelaina grab she arm . lelaina dad ! 1'11 take che BMW just until I can afford to buy a regular car myself . okay ? ( he nod ; to Cynthia ) okay ? she nod , and slowly sit back down . lelaina breathes a sigh of relief . there be a long awkward silence . ... then : dale ( to lelaina ; : sober ) get a Ford . int , restaurant bathroom - moment later a woman be at the mirror . lelaina enter as the woman start we . lelaina smile at she , friendly , as they pass . she enter a stall , lock the door . ' then she double over as she put she hand to she mouth and begin to quietly sob . cur to : ext . different restaurant - same sammy , who 's in a U of h sweatshirt , and vickie be wait for the valet with he mom joyce ( 40 's ) , she boyfriend ( 60' ) , sammy 's dad tra , ( 50' ) , and he girlfriend jennifer ( 30' ) . vickie be touch sammy lovingly though unnecessarily throughout . sammy be hugging nis mom goodbye . sammy I will be home pretry late , mom . sammy offer he hand to ira , who pull he into a hug . tra I be proud of you , son . sammy , surprised , nod and back off , look at Jennifer . ; sammy Nice meeting you , Jennifer . vickie put she arm around sammy and look at Jennifer . vickie I hope you two will be as happy as I and sammy . vickie pull sammy to she and kiss he full on the mouch right there . vickie smile then lead a wide - eye sammy aff to he car . the parent exchange look . Jennifer smile . jennifer they be the cutest couple . CUT to : int . lelaina's car / ext . restaurant - later Troy and lelaina be in she old cutlas . Troy try to put he feer on the floorboard . which be cover with empty diet Coke can . they clatter around . she fish in she big purse for key ; she be edgy . Troy read she like a book . troy . lelaina . do not . do not let they do it to you . not today . lelaina I be not . she find she key , take out a cigarette and light ic . troy it 's the same meta-farcical mardi - gras with my parent . the difference be , I do not care because I do not try to run it . lelaina I be not try to run it . she start the car , back out . troy just forget they . come on , this be you day . you just graduate . you do not need you parent anymore . you get the mobil card , you get the beamer , under some duress , and I say fuck ‘em . lelaina think about that , realize it 's true . ( buoy ) that 's true . I do not need they anymore -- troy -- like a aneurism , you need they . lelaina I just graduate -- troy a -- valedictorian , man . lelaina ( excited , angry ) and that dinner we just experience be exactly why I have be wait for this day for twenry - three year -- well , it 's finally here , and they can just -- ( yell at restaurant ) : she take a drag as Troy sigh -- troy there 's nothing more beautiful than a generarion pass the torch . ~- she stop , try not to choke on the smoke as she laugh hard . he laugh with she . she hit Troy , playfully angry : lelaina how mary time do I have to tell you -- do not make I laugh when I be inhale ! God ! I think you do that on purpose ! she take a entire six - pack of diet Coke out of she purse . troy hey , I have a idea -- why not have a diet Coke ? you have only have twelve today . ( she pop one open ) I have always want to ask you something : be you urine carbonate ? lelaina would not you like to know . he smile , extend he pinky ; they engage in a pinky - lock . troy / lelaina wonder twin power activate ! the drive beat of Lou reed 's * walk on the Wild side * start . dissolve to : three month later montage int . apartment - kitchen - early morning uelaina , dress for work , be search the cupboard , hold a Mr. coffee filter cup . frustrate . she walk out ... and return with 4 roll of toilet paper . she line the cup with the toilet paper and pour coffee grounds into it . int . apartment - vickie' bedroom ~ late morning vickie 's bedroom be a shrine to the 70' : the Bay City roller , ter ! garret , and a life-size pester of John travolta adorn she wali also , bean - bag chair ... mood ring ... rick , 24 , be in the docrway . he slip on he jacket and hold he key . he look at vickie , who be pretend to sleep so she do not have to talk wi he . he leave . vickie open she eye and pull ouc a norebook under she futon . she flip to a certain page . name cover it like this : August 31 - Sean marelli - 64 : September 1 : ~ Chad ... - 66 . she write in : ' September 26 - ° she stop and think hard , close she eye , then resume : '' September 26 - Rich ? - 67 .° int . kitchen - a little later vickie enter in a kimono . she open the freezer - - a big icicle falis ouc ( it have never be defrost ) . she take out a carton of ice cream and sit on the counter to eat . int . house - sammy' bedroom - afterncon 4 & computer monitor the word " sammy buck - resume glow amber on the screen . under that , the word '' job experience .* and under that , the unforgive cursor . sammy be in front of the computer , stare into it . the horror , the horror . Joyce enter and put a load of laundry on he bed . sammy smile a strain thanks . she leave . he snap off the computer . he run he hand over he head , try to relax . he pull out a catalogue : ' university of houston . graduate study . ' =nt . downtown ground ( coffee house ) - evening 24 it be a warehouse cum underground coffeehouse with conceptual art , 4 small bar , and no match furnmicure . there be a big sign behind the stage with the band 's name : '' hey that's my bike .* Troy , lean on he upright guitar , sweat from the set , be confer with the four other member of he band . the manager approach and hand hin a large jar : it say '' donation for the band * and hold about two dollar in change . Troy , angry and disappointed , let he guitar fall to the floor . ext . outdoor newsstand - downtown - night Troy be sit at register , read marleau ponty 's " Review of existential psychology and psychiatry . " he look around : no one 's watch he . he go to the candy rack and rip off a snicker . above and behind he , the skyline light sparkle like star . snd_montage match dissolve to : int . tv studio - morning show set - morning the downtown skyline at dawn - backdrop " walk on the Wild side * be drown out by synthesize , talk - show theme music . this be the set of '' good Morning , grant : " , the local morning talk show . it be compose of very homey furniture and a fake fireplace . the audience be 99 % female . the theme music reach a crescendo , and grant gubler , late 30 , run out on stage , in a suit . there be applause . he applaud the audience . grant good morning , lady -- and gentleman . I see a gentleman right there ! he point to the audience . a camera swing to get a shot of a old man in the front row . grant good morning ! audience good morning , grant ! grant good morning : Boy , I tell ya , it be a good morning with this audience ! ( applause ) today Dr. lababera will tell we what you can do to prevent urinary tract infection in you cat . lelaina stand off-stage hold up the cud card for grant . next to she stand damien brooks , 30 , a black co- worker who wear a headset . be un grant we will also be visit with a man right here from Houston who be battle Alzheimer 's . a beautiful story of the triumph of the human spirit . grant wipe at he eye , choke up . lelaina ( whisper } God , he 's so cheesy , I can not watch he without cracker . damien stifles a laugh . grant now , let 's take a peek inside we video View , and see what we have in store for today . grant walk to a stand bookshelf , which hold videocassettes . he pull one out , look at it and feign surprise : grant it 's a special report on child 's birthday party theme . tape on location at eight - year old timmy rohbin 's party exclusively for we video View collection . grant walk over and sit on the couch . grant so come sit with I . relax . have a cup o'joe . he reach for he coffee mug . it be not there . he look around -- it 's nowhere . he look into the camera , scared like a animal catch in headlight . he skip three bear . lelaina oh shit . she look at the producer , rich cardouche , a overweight man with the stub of a stogie pinch between he lip . he look at she , shrug , throw he hand up in exasperation . grant anyway -- it 's gonna be a good morning ! ( big applause ) you be beauciful ! the theme music start up . a buzzer sound . damien ( into headset ) we be clear . grant rush over to lelaina -- she know what 's come , turn away , but grant grab she arm . grant be I here to amuse you , miss pierce ? be I here to make you laugh ? be that the real reason I be on this show ? lelaina look , Mr. gubler , when I do cue card , you be suppose to get you own espresso . do not you get my " espress yourself " memo ? grant I do not have time for you little mind game . just remember , we be lay people off , and = can find a intern who will do you job for free like that ! grant storm back towards the set . lelaina look at cardouche , worried . he put a supportive hand on she shoulder . cardouche T will tell you abour it later . int . production office - later a oversize calendar / bulletin board : it 's the " video view schedule . a index card with a project title be tack up under each date . one week include " condom conundrum , * and " popcorn & chocolate MIRACLE diet .* the Friday spot be blank . cardouche be sit on a desk , hold a blank index card . lelaina stand beside he with she clipboard . cardouche you job be go to be combine with damien 's since he have seniority . this take a minute to sink in ; she eye be wide with panic . lelaina I will not have a job here anymore ? he just look at the floor . she swallow hard , think a second , look at the index card in he hand . she take a deep breath . lelaina look , I know there 's a staff open on the video View . and I have some videotape I make , sort of a documentary , that really show what I can do . I know it would be a perfect segment on the View . it 's about my friend . cardouche I do not know . honestly , lelaina , = do not see how that 's relevant --~ lelaina -~ aids . cardouche what ? lelaina think fast , mentally tap -dance : lelaina I mean , it 's aids , and environmental stuff and it 's like . you know , the housing shortage , and -~ and eternal recession and it 's very issuey . cardouche issuey ? lelaina oh , yeah . I mean , I mean , like how we inherite more problem than opportunity . he look at he blank index card , bend it back and forth . lelaina we be the ... the reparation generation . she hold she breath . he hand she the blank card ; he 's sell . cardouche okay , look . go ahead and give ic a shot . if it 's good , I '11 put you on staff . lelaina be not really expect this : lelaina really ? I mean , I mean , for real ? cardouche of course it 's for real . lelaina oh , thank you Mr. cardouche !~- I promise it all be great ! he have to smile at she salesmanship . he leave . lelaina breathes a huge sigh of relief . cur to : int . galleria mall - the gap - later a woman emerge dress in a gap outfit that be too tight for she . look at herself in the mirror , chen turn to vickie , dress in a gap uniform , look at the woman . she try ic smile as she nod in pseudo-approval . she look over and see lelaina stand at the front of the store . she wave . vickie wave back . the woman be still admire herself in the mirror . vickie look back at lelaina and stick she finger in she mouth , gag - ~ the woman look at vickie - - who slyly act like she 's scratch around she mouth . moment later lelaina stand outside the gap . vickie , hold she lunchbox . leave the store and go to she , smile impishly . vickie I be leave early . lelaina I can come back . vickie Nah , I take three no - dez this morning and I feel like hell . vickie walk off . lelaina follow she . lelaina you say you want a management position there , and you be leave early -- what be that ? vickie that 's I , alright ? that 's I . I be not you . a moment of silence . vickie slip on she sunglass . vickie I have gotta get my own car . CUT to : int . BMW - later a 70 song like " I will survive 's be blaring from the radio . lelaina qrive , smoking , drink a diet Coke : vickie sing along . her BMW be in dire need of a car wash . cur to : ext . saab convertible / ext . STREET - same '' new york " read the front plate . hip-hop , rap music play . ba up and . find michael grates , 26 , very intense and drive , handsome suc not slick , he have a kind face , drive . he squint , listen cro che music , bounce slightly to it , bite he lip . his car phone ring . he pick it up . cur to : int . BMW / ext . STREET / int . saab - later lelaina and vickie be have a great time , sing and bounce around . Michael 's drive in the lane to they leave , frazzle : not 's read a map spread over the steering wheel as he search for -he CD he want as he try to talk on the phone : michael can not we just negotiate with --?... you know what ? -- he 's lie . well , we should probably call he bluff -- wait , I gotta figure out where I be , I think I be lose or -- what ? no , listen , he need we -- he make music video , we show cthem -- -- he start to swerve into the leave lane as he read the map -~ a car honk loudly at he -- he straighten out -- michael {into phone ) yeah I be here , I be just lose -- I think I be lose . he stop at a red light . tlelaina stop beside he . vickie and lelaina look over at the scattered Michael , then they look at each other and giggle . the light change . lelaina pull forward and carelessly toss she cigarette out she window ... ic fly about two foot ... and land on Michael 's seat . he do not see it ; he look over -- michael well I be not scared of -- Jesus ! --~ v7and see the cigarette discolor the leather . he pick it up and lean over to throw it out -- and swerve he car into the other lane -- and ram the fender of she BMW . lelaina , stunne , look over at he : he 's still on the phone . michael -- what ? -- no , my god , I just get in a accident -- I be in a accident . I be okay , I think I '' alright . no , I gotta go -- my thing be , my fender just get ... alright . . he hang up , untangle himself from he map and , in a panic , - un over to the BMW . michael some one throw a cigarette into -- be you okay ? lelaina do not move . vickie try to discreetly shut the overflow ashtray . lelaina .. yeah . michael I do not know what happen -- do I ? -- be this my fault ? I have only be here like two day and -- tt be my fault , be not it ? do you see what happen ? a cigarette fly into my car like a , a ballistic missile or something . do you see ? ~- the ashtray finally close , explode , and ash fly everywhere . vickie and lelaina start laugh hysterically , really out of nervousness . Michael get it . michael oh. okay . great . this be ... great . they can not talk , they be laugh so hard . he can not help but be somewhat amused by this .. michael be you guy like ... stone or something ? they laugh even harder . cot to : int . temporary office - later '' in you face tv " read the logo on the wall . the office be a mess : a blizzard of paper , fax , CD 's , extra phone , etc . lelaina have stop laugh . she stare at a ceramic bank / statuette of Dr. Zaius from " Planet of the ape " on he desk . Michael pace behind he desk , talk into a telephone headset . michael well , she can say whatever she want , but we do not have to show it . I do not care if she do twelve book of herself naked , that do not mean ~ ~ - , .. Fine , but that 's not my decision . I do not have time -- look , I be try to set up a operation down here . . ( to lelaina , friendly ) that ' 's Dr. taius . ' Planet of the ape .°* she smile , nod , pick up the bank . michael you can not do that !-~ do not do thac ! lelaina ( put it back ) I be sorry , I do not know -- michael -- what ? hold on -- lelaina , I be on the phone . her face flush with embarrassment ; she look down . michael {into headset ) well then tell he J say so . he press the hang up button , sigh heavily , look at she . michael sorry about that -- can I get you anything ? lelaina still think he 's on the phone ; she look at the floor , examine she nail , etc . michael lelaina , I be talk to you now . { she look up ) hi. lelaina hi. michael ( apologetic , sheepish ) let I just tell you the situation here . I get my lawyer guy tell I that I have to sue you ? for damage ? not that I want to , but my rate be screw if , I mean , I hate to ... ( off she look ) what ? she 's try very hard to remain calm . lelaina when you say '' sue *--? michael -- uh-huh ? lelaina you mean like for money ih a courtroom ? the t michael I do not know -- I have never do this before . do you have a lawyer or anything ? lelaina a lawyer ? I do not even have a hairdresser . 1 only make four hundred dollar a week and -- michael ~- what do you do ? she start to answer , but he intercom beeps . he press the talk button , signal lelaina just one second . michael yeah ?. no , I can not talk to he right now . ( hang up , to lelaina ) sorry it 's so crazy ; we be try to get the channel set up down here , and it 's just ... anyway , what do you say you do ? lelaina actually , I work in television too , at the '' good Morning , grant 's show . maybe you have see it ? michael ( think ) oh , wait - - yeah , with that : * good morning , good morning * -- what 's the deal with that guy ? lelaina he 's kind of a psycho . michael well , I really feel really bad about this whole thing - ~ maybe I can get you some CD 's ? -- we just get the advance on the new sting thing . lelaina ( smile ) the " sting thing ? michael well , I do not know , it 's package environmentally , in like recycle tree bark or something . he laugh ; she just look at he curiously . there be a definite cre action between they , though a awkward silence here : he go for the save : tu lb michael you know what ? forger the lawsuit or whatever , the whole deal . forget it . I do not know , I will get in trouble , = I do not care . it be probably my fault and you seem very sweet and ... you like Dr. Zaius , huh ? lelaina oh yeah -- he 's really cool -- ~~ she pick he up again , look at it . she put it back , but only haif on the desk as she look at Michael - ~- michael -- yeah , this friend give he to I , he 's like this walk encyclopedia of * Planet -~-- ~cand before she can catch he , Dr. Zaius fall and break into several piece on the floor -- lelaina gasp -- lelaina -- Dr. Zaius ! Michael just stare at the floor in disbelief . she quickly bend , start gather up the piece , try not to cry . michael that 's okay . he be just a collectaor 's -- lelaina ( whimper ) -- I can glue he back -- I be sure I can just -- I think this be he head . she try to fit the piece together , but no matter how hard she press , they just do not fit . she try they in a few different position . Michael watch she , somehow charme . michael I think he 's go . lelaina God , I be like ruin you whole life . michael no , you be not , not at all . she look up at he ; they eye lock . michael just do not touch anything elise . he laugh . she laugh with he . he clear he throat , kneel down beside she . 24 michael you know , I would really , I do not even ... but listen , you want to go out sometime and get a cup of something ...? she smile up at he , pleasantly surprised . cur to : ext . apartment / STREET - later vickie and a very excited lelaina walk from she badly dent beemer towards they apartment . lelaina read a business card : lelaina Michael grates , vice President programm , in you face tv . we have see it -- it 's like MTV . but with a edge . vickie take the card and look at it , think . vickie so it be a date ? lelaina oh yeah . vickie be you go out for dinner ? lelaina for coffee . vickie and dessert ? lelaina I think just coffee . vickie caife or cappuccino ? lelaina he end up say decaf . vickie ( grimace ) early night . be there a pre-coffee activity ? lelaina ( now worried ) I , I do not think so . tw in vickie well , do he ask you to go out or hang out ? lelaina iothink ... I can not remember exactly . why ? vickie hmm . I be sorry , laney , but it do not sound like a real dace . lelaina stop at the door , confuse , kind of bum out . ' then she look at vickie , who have on a cheshire cat grin . lelaina smile as she realize vickie be string she along . lelaina you little mind -fuck . she just smile , open the front door -- and see Troy stand there with a hand - dolly , about to exit . vickie ( hit she head ) ~- oh shit ! lelaina what ? vickie I forget to tell you . int . apartment - live room - continuous it be sparsely furnish : couch , tv , a guija board coffee table . there be four big move box sit around the couch . llelaina enter , see they , almost implode . vickie enter . lelaina -- be you out of you mind !? vickie re be fire from the newsstand , lelaina . he just need a place to stay until he get a job and can pay for a apartment . lelaina that 's the american dream of the ninety ! that couid take year ! vickie just look at it like a security system : we will have a man in the house . lelaina . we will have a hall monitor ! that 's what we will have . Troy and sammy enter , each hold a box . lelaina we do not even know if this be allow in we building . troy it 's not like Mr. roper 's gomna burst in here . I will just stay on the couch . lelaina wait a minute . ( to vickie , do not want to say it but ... ) he will turn this place into a de of slack . angry . Troy drop he box . troy what the fuck be you problem ? lelaina I have to work here . and unfortunately , Troy , you be a master act the art of time suckage . troy ato vickie ) I would rather check into a shelter than deal with she shit . Troy gather up he stuff . sammy and vickie look at lelaina , betrayed . lelaina look at Troy : she sigh , give in . lelaina +.- m0 , it 's okay , Troy ... you can stay . vickie it 's cool , Troy . welcome to the maxi-pad . sammy you do not mind if I crash here this weekend , do you , laney ? just kid . Troy laugh . lelaina try not smile , but can not help it . troy you will not even know I be here . ccut to : on vireoqtape / ty int . downtown ground - niget a7 loud music : a industrial riff blare through the club as Troy and the band rehearse * I be nuthin ' ' , a original song about the per : i of be neither a Democrat or a Republican . superimpose title : troy ( note to reader : the video segment be not static ; they be hand - hold and have a documentary feel . ) on vgdeqtape / ty - later Troy sit on the edge of the stage , drink a pabst Blue ribbon , talk into the video camera . troy hey that 's my bike will fully dominate the Houston underground , then we will take it up to Austin and cut a deal . then we be gonna travel the countryside like Woody Guthrie . alot of people , like my parent , they do not think it will ever happen for we . and when chey tell I how adolescent it be , I just smile and look they in the eye and say ... ( smile ) nobody can eat fifty egg . cur to : qulvirectape / ty int . apartment - day Troy sit on the couch watch the local news on tv . . anchor ( on tv ) come up -- troy ~~ everything I eat for lunch . anchor ( on tv ) a special report on a disease that scrike million of woman each year : breast cancer . troy alright ! I love breast cancer report . ( explain to camera ) frontal nudity . lelaina ( 0.c. ) ... I have never be so offended in my life . he get up , playfully move towards the camera , as she move backwards and fall on the couch -- 28 troy ~- c'mon , you be turn on , admit ic . lelaina ( o.c. ) ( laugh ) get away from I : he grab the camera from lelaina , and turn it on she . she '' ake - smile , very annoyed . lelaina very funny . now give it back . he do not ; he laugh and back away . she follow he , angry . lelaina -~ you know what you problem be , dyer ? you suffer from the philosopher / cheerleader syndrome . you be this guy with a one - eighry i.q. , ten unit away from a degree in philosophy , and you always fall for this dumb cheerleader type . troy ( 0.c . ) they be not all dumb . most of they be very depressed . our_te : on videotape / ty - ext . galveston beach - day Troy sit on the seawall , a cigarette tuck behind he ear . he be hold a book : a well - wear , rag copy of Zen and the arr of motorcycle maintenance as he talk into the camera . troy my parent get divorced when I be five , and I only see my dad about three time a year after that . when he find out he have cancer , he take I here . he hand I this big pink seashell and he go , " Son , the answer be inside this . " and I be all , '' what ? * then I realize that it 's empty , the shell be empty . there be no point to any of this . it 's all a random lottery of meaningless tragedy , a series of near escape . so I take pleasure in the detail . a Quarter pounder with cheese , the sky ten minute before it rain , the moment when you laughter become a cackle . ( light he camel ) I just sit back , smoke my camel straight , and ride my own melt . cur to ; on_zdeotape / ty ext . alleyway - day the street be slick with rain . Troy , wear he trench coat . smoking a camel , make he way down the alley . troy ( v.0 . ) life suck , but it do not swallow . int . editing BAY - morning lelaina be proudly watch she video on the monitor . she move the toggle to rewind -- when grant enter , tight - lipped . lelaina Mr. gubler , do you have time to take a look at what I have do here ? grant ( totally ignore that ) I need my question . she expect that . she hand he a sheet of paper . lelaina here 's the research I do . you should really try to read it -- this guest have quite a history in politics . grant skim it in a nanosecond , then toss it in the trash . grant just give I my question . lelaina shake she head and give he a stack of index card . int . tv studio - morning show set - morning grant be on stage with a guest , a newspaper editor : they interview be in progress . lelaina stand next to damien , follow grant on she clipboard . editor -- in fact , in today 's paper , we have a special insert devote to the problem in the fifth Ward . as grant say anything to a guest , he discreetly read it off notecard on the coffee table . grant ( read card ) the posn seem alot more liberal than the Chronicle . how do you feel abour that ? editor how do you feel about it ? grant look at the card , kind of laugh . editor what do you think , grant ? grant {not off card ) I think ... it 's ... cardouche hold he breath . grant be unprepare for this ; he look around . lelaina run into he line of sight . she give he a cthumb - up and neds , exaggerated , as if to a chimp . grant mimic she , mod and give a exaggerated thumb -up . the audience applaud . the editor smirk . cardouche finally breathes . he put a thankful hand on lelaina 's shoulder . cardouche thank you . she smile , proud . cur to : int . apartment - night hendrix 's " the wind cries Mary * stream out of a jambox . overflow ashtray , empry soda can , dirty laundry , et al. surround the couch like a moat . the tv be on but mute : a rerun of " one Day act a time .* vickie , Troy and sammy sit around the set , zone out , share a joint . troy if only I could bottle the sexual tension between schnieder and bonnie Franklin -- I could solve the energy crisis . lelaina enter , home from work , carry she video camera . vickie ( to Troy ) do not bogart that joint , my friend . lelaina this be a kodak moment . vickie jump to she foot : vickie lelaina ! sammy vickie be ~ - vickie -- no ! I want to tell she . {to lelaina ) you be look at the new -- sammy ~- manager of the gap ! lelaina be overjoy . she shriek , hug vickie . lelaina I be so proud of you ! you make it happen ! vickie well , it really happen by default . the old manager try to kill herself : she eat a whole pot of poinsettia . ( excited again ) but anyway , I get a raise , and I hire Troy to work for I part-time . troy she blackmail I . vickie he 's get about two hundred a week , and I will be pull in around four . lelaina my god -- before tax , that 's one thousand dollar a week between we ! we will never have rent problem again ! we can totally pay we phone bill too ! ( to Troy ) be not this great !?-- be not you excited !? troy I be burst with fruit flavor . sammy laugh . lelaina fix the camera on the group and begin taping . vickie talk into the camera , mugging . vickie sometimes I get that not -so-fresh feel . sammy come on , laney , what be you really gonna do with a videotape of we get stone ? it 's not like anyone here be gonna minute for president one day . a to troy but we should use code language just in case : {into camera ) ix - nay on the ack -cray . lelaina come on -- this be for work . troy wark , work , work . you better be careful -- that 's how all that woodstock veteran sell they principle up the down escalator . vickie take a drag off the joint , think . vickie what exactly be they principle ? -- I nve never be really clear on that . Troy and sammy look at each other , a little unclear themselves . lelaina do not you people ever watch ' family tye " ? it be all explain on '' family tye ' . ( off they look ) the parent be hippie . they all nod , ' oooh* , like this make total sense . vickie pass the jjoine to sammy . he look at it , very hesitant . . sammy I just do not understand why this moment have to be memorex . troy hey , Sam , do not you realize this be you chance to play some smail part in what be destine to be greatness ? lelaina here 's go to revolutionize '' good Morning , grant . ' sammy oh my god . I be so sorry . I have no idea . sammy and Troy laugh . offended , lelaina go behind she camera . lelaina ( to Troy ) look who 's meck . all you do around here be eat and couch and fondle the remote control . troy I be not under order to make the world a better place . : lelaina ( sharp ) then what good be you ? troy you be a pathological optimist . you be pathological . vickie God -- would you guy just fuck and get it over with ?-~ I be starve . lelaina shoot a look at vickie . Troy crush out he cigarerte and look down . there be a awkward pause ... the phone ring . ' roy answer it : troy you have reach the winter of we discontent . ..- hold on . troy some * Michael * '' guy ? lelaina ( quickly take phone} Michael ? she try to move into the other room , but the cord will not stretch . Troy carefully watch she . she laugh . lelaina yes , you can drive . troy ( to vickie ) who 's Michael ? -- De you know ? vickie let 's order a pizza -- lelaina -- okay , I will see you tomorrow . ' bye . she hang up , squelch she smile , do not look at Troy as she rejoin the group . he 's still try to read she . sammy laney , if we swear to pay you back this time , can you spot we a pizza ? lelaina I do not have any cash . troy ( point ) domino 's take check . she glare at he , think of how to get we of this ... lelaina domino 's support operation rescue . vickie no one give a shit right now , lelaina , we be hungry . lelaina ( sigh ... then remember ) oh ! -- wait . wait a minure . she dig through she purse until she find ... she mobil credit card . she pull it ouc. smile . curt to : int . mobil mart ~ later lelaina and Troy look at the candy display . he look at she ... troy so who 's this Michael -- ~- vickie and sammy approach , burst with news : sammy vickie just figure something out . something wonderful . vickie hold up a bottle of evian water , point to the label . vickie * evian * be " * naive * spell backwards . moment later a old , upbeat 50 's song be on the radio behind the counter . where a old man be work . lelaina dump a armful of junk food on the counter and hand he she mobil credit card . vickie can you turn thac up ? he turn up the radio . vickie start to de a weird dance around the counter . she grab lelaina by the hand and they start dance around . the old man bounce up and down in rhythm . sammy srab onto lelaina 's hand , vickie try to grab onto Troy 's , but he stand off , watch they dance around and sing . a uw ext . mobil mart - same they be see through the window , everyone except Troy dance around the mobil Mart as star pepper the night sky above ... dissolve to : int . apartment - bedroom - night a sexy black dress slide down lelaina 's body . her foot slip into a high -heeled black pump . her long fingernail be be painre wish red nail polish . her bedroom be sparsely furnish yet still cluttere : a futon , laundry scattered about . lelaina be sit in she lawn chair , all ready except for the white bleach on she ' moustache . she carefully put a cigarette in she mouth . . in the live room a " good Times " rerun be on tv : the open credit / theme song . vickie , Troy , sammy and some friend be play the '' good Times '' drink game ; each player have a beer . Troy have a pretty girl hang all over he . Michael carefully walk in , unnotice . player 1 -- thelma 's husband keith have vodka hide in the toilet -- sammy ~- James die -- troy -- that 's a two - parter -- vickie -- I will allow it -- go -- troy -~ alderman Davis judge ... Troy see Michael watch chem . troy oh god -- be you a collection agent ? vickie ( call ) lelaina ! in the bedroom lelaina quickly wipe off the bleach on a nearby shirt sleeve . lelaina be vight there ! in the live room - later lelaina and Michael be stand by the group , watch they as they prepare to leave . vickie ~- willona dare a deaf guy -- Michael jump in , pre-empt Troy : michael =- j.3. donate blood for sweet daddy . the flow have be interrupt : they stop . Troy look at Michael disdainfully . troy we have already do that one . michael oh. sorry . lelaina glare at Troy , then lead Michael to the door as the play go to sammy -- sammy ~- uh...um ... wait -- wait -- vickie -- too late , drink up , Sam . they laugh as sammy finish the last of he beer . he think a second , then hit he head as he realize too late ... sammy . penny !-- willona adopt penny ! shit . Troy watch as lelaina and Michael be walk out . troy ( call out ; mock -scold ) lelaina , you know the punishment for premature evacuation . lelaina just shut the deor behind they . Troy stop and stare after they stonily . he light a bitcer cigarette . CUT to : fas ~ 1 int . restaurant ~- later a wallet photograph of Michael stand in a doorway with a befuddle young voter and a goat on a leash . michael that 's vote or goat . a a lelaina study the picture as she sit with Michael in a booth . + have a salad and evian : she a cheeseburger and a diet Coke . lelaina vote or goat ? michael it be a promotional at in you face tv to get young kid to vote . we call up random people and ask they if they no register to vote , and if they have not , chen we show up at they house with a camera crew and give they a goat . kid be really freak cut . we give out almost cwo hundred goat , and who want a goat , right ? anyway , it be a big success . lelaina and you think of the whole thing ? -- that 's great . he put the photo back in he waliler . michael well yeah , I know it sound kind of ridiculous . lelaina well , you know , look where I work . we have to compromise ourselves to get by . Michael 's brow knit ever so slightly . michael oh ... yeah , I guess I never really think -- lelaina ~- but I mean , that 's why it 's important to have you own thing that be not compromise . michael yeah , I think it 's definitely important to have you own thing . 38 lelaina yeah , like , I be make this documentary ? of my friend ? -- but it 's really more about people try to figure out who they be , like , how they form a idencity without any real role - model or heros or anything . he 's nodd , squinting , impressed . michael wow . yeah , you know , that 's true . and you friend be a great subject for it -- like that guy Troy ? lelaina Troy , yeah . he 's try to subtly mine this information . michael so you guy live together in the same place ? -- be it just you and he there ? lelaina no , no , no -- it 's I and vickie . he just need a place to crash ' cause he get fire from he job . they catch he steal snicker . michael he steal snicker bar ? lelaina yeah , but he can rationalize it , like , the establishment owe he a snicker . he 's try to get a handle on this guy , but there 's no way around it : he 's go to have to just ask : michael and he have -- do he have a girlfriend ? lelaina I do not think so . well I know he do not . he would tell I . we be like best friend . michael ( relieved , smile ) that 's good , that 's really -- you know , you be ... you be really beautiful , no really , I be serious . she smile , but look away , uncomfortable . lelaina . amyway ... I have problem with compliment . we 10 ( try to change subject ) so , but , um , so be you religious ? michael you also have problem with segues , huh ? she laugh hard , so do he , and the first date tension melt . michael no , actually , I be a non-practice Jew . lelaina nblurt it out ) hey , I be a non-practice virgin . CUT to : int . saab / ext . lelaina's apartment - alley ~- later the car be park in the alley by the apartment . the radio be on but low . llelaina and Michael be sit on the back of the seat . drink Big gulp from 7 - 11 , have fun just talk : lelaina the most profound , important invention of my lifetime : the Big gulp . michael where would society be without it ? I will not even hazzard a guess . lelaina I be serious . because you get one in the morning , I be talk the forty - four ouncer , and you have get you essential beverage for the entire day . michael it do not take much to make you happy , do it ? lelaina no --well ... no. I be not materialistic . I do not care about money or house . i'11 never have a house . my credit be shit . michael yeah , I be not materialistic either -- I mean I would be work even if I be not get pay -- but I also want to kind of have a nice house . and I be mot really into car , but I do like my car . lelaina yeah ? I do not really like car like this . they just seem kind of wasteful to I . I only get the BMW ' cause my stepmom get a infiniti . she can not 40 michael see , I hate infiniti 's toa . I agree with you . they be really ridiculous . I mean , this saab , = get it , it be just that I want a convertible . lelaina oh no , no , you do not have to justify -- michael -- no , no , I could have get , the other car I be gonna get be a old mustang . I should have get that , right ? lelaina ( laugh ) no , it 's good to have thing you want . I mean , I really like nice sheet . I have a sheet thing . michael you know what ? I think I will sell the saab . i be gonna sell it . lelaina ( crack up ) no , no , do not sell it . michael yeah , I will sell it , and with the money , I be gonna buy you sheet . stop laugh . lelaina you crack I up . you crack I up , you really do . it 's funmy -- I have you peg as this total mba type . michael be you kid ? -- I drop out of college after nine month . I be impatient . lelaina wow . michael yeah but , I mean , there 's a point , like now , where I wonder if I should have stay in college and go for a astronomy degree or something . lelaina oh !-- I love astronomy . but the math be -- the ee michael ~- I know , right ? I start to get intro it bur it be all , like , three square equal the root of x or something , and all I want to do be look at the star . lelaina oh my god , same here exacriy . michael I remember be so happy on the roof of we old house , just stare at the sky . I want to do that again , you know , just look at star and smell , you know ... everything , I have just gotta find the time . lelaina no , you have to make the time to do that thing . honestly , it seem like you work so hard thar if you do not just look at the star , you will totally lose perspective . michael I know , I know . it 's like , do you ever have that moment in life where you just feel okay ? where you just find yourself happy in a moment and you go , " oh , . I be happy here 's ? and then it go away ? like really quickly ? I always seem ge forget that moment , but I have have a couple of they . lelaina yeah , I too . ... like right now . she catch he off -guard : he smile , realize that this be indeed one of nose moment . they be both suddenly aware of the chemistry at wor ! ere . michael yeah . like right now . he lean in and kiss she softly , just for a couple of second . they look at each other , then she kiss he . they start to really get into it ; they slide down into the seat without break . the open strain of ' Beth " by kiss fill the car ... when he car phone ring . he open he eye , look down , tear . lelaina 's like the energizer bunny : still go . it keep ringing . Michael pick ic up , but as he talk , lelaina continue to softly kiss he . michael ( cry to concentrate ) yeah . no , the video be , um -- do not he know it 's set at a pre-apocolyptic bomb shelter ? what 's the difference , pre or post ? well they should have think of that before they shave he head -- -- she cut he off , kissing he mouth . michael {into phone ) look , uh , I gotta , I can nort -- I be about to go through a tunnel . he do not even hang up ; he just drop the phone and passionately respond to she . ext . apartment alley / saab ~ same Troy walk up the alley , party out , head home . he hear ' Beth ' ; he stop . he see the saab and the two forgetten Big gulp sit on it . he quietly walk over to it . Michael and lelaina be inside , wrap around each other . his face register no dramatic change of emotion , just the slight crook of a eyebrow . he turn and walk away . cur to : int . apartment - live room - before dawn lelaina very quietly enter the dark apartment , carry she shoe as she tip-to across the live room . troy ( o.s. ) ( sing loudly ) -- Beth , I hear you call , but I can not come home right now -- ~- she jump ten , maybe twelve foot . he turn on a lamp . troy be up all night ? he sit up suddenly , alert , like he just smell something . troy you know , I be definitely pick up weird vibe in here . they be of the i-just-got-laid variety . he walk towards she . she 's get annoyed . 43 troy do he dazzle you with he extensive knowledge of mineral water ? or be it he in - depth analysis of marky Mark that finally reele you in ? she eye he threateningly . troy I just wish I could have be there to hear how you rationalize sleep with a yuppie-head cheese on the first date . lelaina he be not a yuppie ! troy he be the reason cliff 's Notes be invent . he think descartes be something you put before de-horse . lelaina yeah , well that pale in comparison with all that tweak out little skank you date : ( mimic valley - girl bimbo ) '' troy , talk to I about phenomenology while I try on my add - a- bead necklace .* troy ( wave she off , dismissive ) ah , fuck it . what do I care ? lelaina what do you care ? he 's back on the couch , absorb himself in alistair maciintyre 's '' after virtue . " she rip it from he hand . lelaina why be you suddenly act like a jealous boyfriend or something ? he take he book back , start read calmly . troy I be not act like anything . I '' calmly read . lelaina tf there 's something bother you , you should at least be man enough to tell I . 44 troy oh right : * lelaina , I be really in love with you .* be that what you want to hear ? -- well do not flatter yourself . lelaina that 's not what I want to hear !~-- do not flacter yourself . troy okay . whatever . lelaina Fine whatever . ( a beat , on second think ) go to hell . she pivot and walk out . Troy look up , watch she go . her door slam 0.s. cur to : on_videqtape / ty - vickie vickie I think that be really in love would be like you be strand on the most wonderful , beautiful , exotic island in the whole world that have everything you could possibly want . but you no still be strand . superimpose title : yickie cite : onvideqtape / ty int . apartment - live room - day sammy and vickie be sit on the floor . a globe sit on the coffee table between they . vickie I be go to spin this glebe and wherever I stop it be where I be go to die . she set the globe in motion , close she eye . she stop it with she finger . she open she eye , see where she 's point . she examine it closer , shocked . she look at sammy . vickie Houston . I be go to die in Houston . sammy start laugh and lelaina do too , 0.c. vickie dramatically put she head between she knee , pull she hair . vickie aaaargh ! I be so depressed ! meg minute etna * onvideotape / ty ext . clinic - day vickie stand in front of the clinic . vickie well , I just take the test . Zhe test . <r do not really hurt . it be nothing compare to hikini waxing . * lelaina ( o.c. ) pell we why you take it . vickie because one of my , um , friend ? he test positive so ... I just want -- lelaina ( o.c . ) ~~ be you nervous ? -- vickie -- to be sure . what ? -- um , no , I be not really nervous . I use protection : I always do it ina condominium . ino response ) thanks , I all be here all week , folk -- try the veal . cul2o .. on videqtape / ty int . vickie' bedroom - night phineas , a long-haire . hippy - type guy , who sit in a bean bag chair in he underwear , read a old dynamite magazine with intensity . the camera find vickie sit on she bed . vickie ( into camera ) I probably will not get marry because I see how my parent be , they have heen marry twenty - six year , and they be like brother and sister . my dad sleep in the de ' cause he snore , my mom do not close the bathroom door . I want passion , and passion die quick . ( to phineas ) phineas , you want to add anything ? phineas look up , confuse . he look into the camera , brow knic . rno a phineas yeah . he go back to read the dynamirce . int . tv studio - granth dressing room ~ morning the monitor go black . cardouche and grant be sit in grant 's dress room , watch the tv . cardouche smile , impressed with the tape . lelaina wait nervously . grant you can forget it . lelaina look to cardouche , panicked . cardouche ; . grant , come on , it 's a incredible -- grant - 7it 's junk . depress junk . you know my rule for the video View : Light and perky . cardouche lelaina , maybe it 's better if grant and I talk alone . she ‘half - nod , leave the room . hallway ~ continuous lelaina almost close the door behind she , then decide to leave :: slightly ajar so she can eavesdrop . cardouche ( 0.s. ) look , she 's get real talent , and I want to put she on staff for the video View . grant ( 0.5 . ) ; zt will nor have miss pierce on staff . I will walk out if that happen -- you watch -- cardouche ( 0.s . ) . -- okay , okay -- calm down . it be just a idea . we do not have to have she . her mouth drop open with the betrayal . grant ( o.s. ) besides , have to stare at that girl 's fat thigh all day would make I ill . lelaina , confuse , look at she rather thin thigh . she look around co see if amyone else hear the comment : nobody . ee '' i grant ( o.s. ) dust get rid of she like I ask you to do in the first place . int . tv studio - morning show set - later the show be at a commercial break . grant be on -stage , a washcloth over he face as he repeat he mantra : grant if I do not know where to go , I will get there , if I do not know where to go I will get there - ~- lelaina set a book and notecard in he lap . he remove the cloth and stare at she stonily . she just smile sweetly and walk of < . libby cumba be ushere into the guest spot . the theme music start up . grant ( hold up book ) with we today be Libby cumba , the author of this book , iid 's == : : ( read off notecard ) good morning , Libby . libby good morning , grant . grant good morning . now , Libby ... ( read off notecard ) I be concerned with self -esteem . personally , I have always have a odd preference for very , very young giris - - ~-libby 's eye widen as grant realize what he 's just read . he clear he throat . cardouche 's cigar fall out of he mouth : he sprint off . lelaina and damien be try not to laugh . grant turn the notecard over and try to laugh lightly . grant what I mean be , uh ... ( off notecard ) be a total prick -- ( go for a save ) ~«kly ... pear . grant stop , clear he throat again . he put away the card and smile at the confuse guest . grant ( not off card ) , good morning . ( she stare at he ) 48 so ... um ... do you like write book ? libby yes. grant ... good . um , very good . that 's ... yeah . I like , uh ... maybe we ... let 's welcome this audience again . ( to audience ) good morning ! silence . except for lelaina 's and damien 's laughter . in the control room cardouche burst in , frantic ; everyone be guffaw in here . cardouche good God -- go to commercial ! int . cardouche's office - day a very compose lelaina sit in the hot seat in front of a desk ; cardouche and grant sit on the desk , stare at she . lelaina it 's call lookism , and people have be sue for that . ° grant i do not hear anyone say anything about * thigh .* do you , Rich ? cardouche do not matter . the stunt you pull -- lelaina ~- prove how much grant rely on I . nothing damaging go out on the air . I would like to be seriously consider for a staff position . and we can just forget this whole thing . what do you say ? they be silence by she chutzpah . cardouche smile , impressed . cuT to : ext . STREET / wendy'' / int . BMW - day '' help wanted " read the sign in the Wendy 's window at the intersection . lelaina look at it with intensity from she car . her knuckle be white _1around the steering wheel . her eye be reddene . ae oo dissolve to : 15s . 2 - int . wendy be - day dave thomas , founder of Wendy 's , stand behind the counter . superimpose title : '' dave thomas , founder of wendy be " dave ; at Wendy 's , we be concerned with premium qualicy customer service . all of we associate must pass we rigorous courtesy exam . watch this : he turn to a girl whose back be to we as she flip burger . dave ( bark ) hey , where 's my food :? the girl turn around : it 's lelaina . she smile brightly as she hand Dave a burger . lelaina here you be , sir . please enjoy it . dave see ? and she 's even a valedictorian . back to scene the car behind she honk . lelaina snap back , drive on . cuut to : int . parkside treatment CENTER - night a girl , 16 , be dramatically perform a lip-synch to " comfortably numb " by pink floyd . a classroom have be fashioned into a theatre . written on the blackboard : '' patient ' talent show ! " lelaina quietly enter the crowded room via the back door . on the far side of the room , she see Cynthia , sit alone . Pat be on the opposite side of the room , also alone . lelaina walk to Cynthia , take a seat beside she . Cynthia fake - smile at she , then look back at the performance . lelaina ( whisper ) Mom , I have to talk to you . cynthia 's ( sigh , do not look at she ) wo oo iotell ya , it like to break my heart watch this . that girl up there be you sister 's best riend here . lelaina .- uh , zt need to talk to you about my job . cynthia Patty do not belong in this place . but no one listen to I . lelaina {to herself , sarcastic ) I know how you feel . cynthia ( pat lelaina 's leg ) I know you do , darlin' . maybe I be just tired . maybe I be just old . maybe I be just a failure at all of this . lelaina sink in she seat , deject . the girl finish , how and leave the stage . a counselor in the front row stand up . counselor we next talent be Patty pierce -- patty pierce , 8 , take she place on stage . she be deceptively innocent look and have a larger than average build . she wear sweat and a heavy metal t-shirt . she be either frenetic or somber ; there be no in between . counselor she will be sing ' the twelve step of recovery .* patient in the audience cheer loudly , shouting she name . patty okay , y'all shut up now . several fellow patient laugh in recognition as she sing she a cappella to the tune of ' the twelve day of Christmas " : patty on the twelfth step of recovery , my counselor give to meee eleven people I have to apologize to , ten pat on the back , nine slap on the wrist , eight goal to achieve , seven early bedtime , six friend to turn to , fiiive eodependent to get rid ocoof , four paperback bible , three positive attitude , two black out remember , and a inner child who life inside of meeeee ! a ras everyone applaud ; the patient stand and cheer . Patty be beam with pride . lelaina stand up with the crowd , applaud . Pat applaud lightly . Cynthia just sit there . Patty wave to lelaina , then she see Cynthia . and she smile fade somewhat . int . parkside lobby - later there be a cookie and punch reception . lelaina stand off to the side of the crowd . Patty run up to she , frenetic . patty . ~- hey , man , do you see thar ! ?-- stand ovation ! I be the most popular girl on the acute ward ! lelaina you must be a very proud young woman . patty ( laugh ) yah , dude . ( suddenly somber ) Mom do not even clap for I . bitch . lelaina look at Patty 's pout face . lelaina yes she do , Patty ; I be sit right nexr to she -- I see she clap . she even say you sing like on the radio . Patty decide to believe this , brighten a little . Pat approach ; he offer he hand to Patty . ' they shake hand . PAT when nre you gonna make a record , big stuff ? ( to lelaina ) hi baby . lelaina hey dad . can I talk to you about something ? it 's about my job at the -- ~- Pat 's watch Cynthia as she approach and hug Patty in a non - affectionate way ( lightly patting she back ) . PAT I better get go now . cynthia . ( to Pat , not look at he ) that 's okay , I be leave -- wo the PAT ( same as Cynthia ) -- no , Z be go -- cynthia ~+ huh-uh , Dale 's wait for I , so -- bye , sugar - -- Cynthia lightly kiss Patty then start off -- PAT {to lelaina ) -- we will talk tomorrow , baby . okay ? she half - nod know they will not . Pat pat Patty on the shoulder as he leave .. : ; Patty and lelaina just stand there , alone togecher . they watch all the other family talk and hugging ... lelaina put she arm around Patty , who look at the floor . cur to : int . apartment - kitchen - later that night several bag of grocery sit on the floor . Troy , sammy , and vickie be put they away . lelaina enter , serious . lelaina we have to have a family meeting . something 's happen . they slow down ; Troy hand she a six - pack of diet Coke . troy oh no . they discover nutrasweet cause you to grow a third eye . lelaina first let I say that everything 's gonna be fine . troy she can just wear a patch over it . lelaina I '' already work out a plan . troy there 's this plastic surgeon in Paris who will remove it for free . lelaina so do not panic . in u troy it 's not contagious . lelaina would you shut up !?~- I be fuck fire : they stop , shocked ; Troy put he arm around she . troy laney , I be sorry . I have no idea . vickie 's mouth be agape . sammy shake he head in disbelief . sammy this ... this really throw off my whole concepr of the universe . she look at they stunne face , a little annoyed and embarrassed . she put the six - pack in the fridge . lelaina well . I mean , it 's not like I have a hysterectomy or anything . I will find something else -- no big deal . the phone ring - ~ lelaina jump for it , cross she finger : lelaina let this be a job offer -- ( answer it ) hello ?... hi Michael . troy ( low ) it 's a jerk offer . lelaina hear , roll she eye . he watch she . lelaina vickie well , not so great ... no , I would ( to Troy ) rather get together and talk . I just have a great idea . Troy act like he 's listen to vickie as he strain to hear lelaina , who have lower she voice . lelaina vickie no , no , I be okay -- I be fine . well , since you be always it 's nothing like that ... bitching about work night ( laugh ) why do not I schedule you for yeah , I too ... okay , I have morning , and lelaina can love that ... okay , ' bye. work night ? Troy blankly neds at vickie as lelaina hang up . vickie clap she hand to lelaina 's arm in sincerity and friendship . 54 vickie lelaina . you be hire . lelaina ( confuse ) what ? vickie I meed another part-timer . you can start tomorrow . it 's only five a hour at firsc . but it 's a great opportunity . vickie go back to put up grocery . lelaina look at trov . he know exactly what she 's think ; he smile sarcastically . troy it 's a dream come true . lelaina look , vickie , I say I be already work out a plan . vickie so what 's the plan ? lelaina ( blurt it out ) -- I be not gonna work at the gap !-- I be valedictorian of my class , for chrissake ! vickie freeze , look like she 's just be slap . lelaina almost bite she tongue off . lelaina I do not mean that like -- I be not say - ~ it 's too late . vickie how stupid of I to try and drag you down to my level . vickie briskly walk out . lelaina follow she to she bedroom , but vickie shut she door in lelaina 's face . she find herself stare right into the eye of a old Sean cassidy poster , and a typical 70 's song like " boogie Night * begin blaring within . lelaina lean she head against the door . Troy approach and gently take she arm , pull she away . he lead she off ... cur to : uw ut ext . downtown - sidewalk ~- night Troy and lelaina stand in front of a tall building , smoking , each with a cup of coffee . Troy point up at the building . troy this be where Troy be fire from he eleventh job -- he be a illustrious cffice cleaner . now , come this way please , and we will continue we walk tour of ' the short and happy career of Troy dyer .* he offer he arm to escort she ; she take it , giggly . he 's do he best to amuse she . he lead she to he old newsstand . troy aha ! the newsstand . yes , this be where they catch Troy capping one too many snicker . in total , he have be fire from , count ‘em , twelve job . so you should not feel so bad . she smile ; she do not feel that bad anymore . they continue they walk down the dimly light sidewalk . troy one of this day , I be go to wake up before noon - ~ lelaina -- yeah right . troy -- and turn on the tee-vee , and you will be sit there with Bryant gumbel : '' today , the puliczer - Prize win documentarian lelaina pierce . lelaina , after you first film , ' why barbie be bad , ' you seem to have completely forget about you best friend Troy dyer . ' lelaina Troy who ? he cover he heart as if he 's be wounded . troy I will probably still be work at the gap , play warehouse , hang around , like , Radio shack scream that I use to know you . and you will be beautiful , the light all on you and shit . lelaina come on , dyer . that 's not true -+ vickie will have fire you by then . ~- 56 they laugh . troy see , Lane , this be all we really need in this world : a couple of smoke , a cup of coffee , conversation . you and I and five buck . lelaina you get it . troy ( a beat ) you know what ? lelaina what ? he lean in and before anyone can think about it , they be kissing full on che mouth ; they be both die to do this , somewhere inside , hungry for each other -- bur lelaina break it , get ahold of hersel ' . she step back ; she hand be shaking . lelaina Troy , wait -- I can not do this -- troy -- you have never think abour it ? lelatna of course , yes , I have , but I do not wamt to not be friend anymore . JI can not not be friend with you , you know ? troy neither can i. I be not talk about that . I be talk about evolve . lelaina I juse , I can not deal with this right now . tf can not evolve right now . troy ..- because of Michael . lelaina no. well , yeah . yes . he do not want to hear that . he walk on . she walk with he . lelaina can not you cut I a little slack here ? we be have so much fun , and now -- wo not troy - ~- forget it . let 's talk about something else . lelaina okay . ... they walk in silence for quite a while . then they reach troy 's car , a beat - up old dodge dart . he quietly open the door for she . she get in . he get in the driver 's seat . int . dodge dart - continuous Troy start the car . they drive off in total stomy silence . cur to : int . michael' HOTEL suite + day " Beth * be play . the room be dimly light and desperately lonely : half - unpack suitcase , unopen bex , too many empty ctake~our container , a half - eat room - service dinner , work papers , etc . Michael be sit on he unmade bed with several new cassette tape and he boombox . he check the dual cassette deal to make sure it 's recording . he take a sip of he Big guip , then go back to make the cassette label : he carefully write on it : " for lelaina * cur to : on vireotape / ty - a old family portrait Cynthia , Pat , lelaina and Patty . all young and fresh - face and fake smile at the sear portrait Studio . lelaina ( v.0 . ) my parent get divorced when I be fourteen . my dad remarry in six month , my mom threaten to kill herself in front of I , and Patty start get drunk in she closet every morning before junior high -school . somebody have to remember to take out the trash and buy the milk and sign the report card . that end up be I . superimpose title : lelaina cur ts . qmuvideotape / ty ext . downtown STREET - day lelaina and sammy be take part in a big pro-choice demonstraticn , yell and hold sign . 58 lelaina ( v.0 . ) I be pro-choice , but I be not political . for believe we be all part of one great soul , but I be not religious : TI do not do drug , but = have never be high on life . outa : oqn.mideotape / ty int . apartment - kitchen - night Troy pull lelaina into he lap , and try to force - feed she a piece of cake . she pull back , laugh . lelaina no , I can not -- I be on this new diet where I can not eat after two p.m . troy but you have dorito 's for breakfast -- I see you . lelaina that be before two p.m . Troy shake he head , laugh . troy ( to camera ) you gotta love this girl -- snow fill the tv sereen as ... int . HOTEL suite ~ morning lelaina quickly turn off the vcr , upset after watch she and Troy . she have a towel around she wet head . Michael be sit in front of it , squinting with intensity . michael why would you turn it off ? lelaina thac 's all there really be . michael really ? okay . well it 's just -- wow . it 's amazing , that 's really amazing . lelaina yeah ? you think ? michael yeah , I mean you really capture this people , and Troy , look at he , this guy who represent everything that 's wrong with America . lelaina ( kind of disturb ) what do you mean ? michael but it 's like , it 's not he fault -- he 's a product of whatever . listen , I think I could really do something with this . we could really use a show like this , it 's perfect for the channel . lelaina freeze -- she do not think so . michael in facr , I be gonna take this thing to New York next week and show it . lelaina oh , um , you know what ? , I do not know , I do not think that 's a good idea . she turn away and pull on a pair of pantyhose . michael whan ? -- it 's a great idea . you could even come with I -- why not ? lelaina Michael , it 's just ... this be not vote or goat , okay ? Michael walk over to she , enthusiastic , as she pull on a skirt under she robe . michael I know ! that 's what 's so great about it -- it 's mot vote or goat , it 's totally different , it 's totally you and you stuff . lelaina exactly , and I already have my own plan for it . michael what be you gonna do ? pur it on public access . channel ninety - nine , three a.m. , right between the. uh , call - in therapy show for , you know , hopi bed - wetter and the animal balloon guy - - i mean , come on . ' 60 lelaina ( very terse ) no , thank you . I be go to get it on pas . she brushes past he , pick up she skirt . Michael be surprised by she anger . michael alright , you know , hey , maybe you will get a grant or something , but listen , you should still come with I . we can stay at my apartment -- it will be fun , you know , you will meet my mother and that 's , forget that -- she will love you , and my father would , you know , be jealous of I . he couldn'c deal with it . she laugh , despite herself . lelaina I would love to make you father jealous , believe I , but I just can not right now . she remove the robe , slip on she blouse , start buttone it .. michael do not you want to go , just to get away ? lelaina yes of course I do , I would die - to just run off and , I do not know , go hike in the desert or something and not think about anything , bur I ga n’tr-t do not have any money , I be just ire -- -- she stop , rest she face in she hand . lelaina I can not believe this . I be get dress for work . what be I do ? God . she sit down , slide the towel off she head , deject . michael well I have money -- lelaina -- I be not gonna take you money -- she take a diet Coke out of she purse . michael ~- I be not say you have to ... she pour the diet Coke . he try to read she . michael ( almost frustrated ) what be it ?-- be it that , I mean , be 2roy gonna get piss off that you be actually do something fun and not be all like miserable with he or -- lelaina ( very irritate ) what be you talk about ? my God , this have totally zero to do with -- I mean , Troy do not have anything to do with anything at all , Jesus Christ . michael '' Jesus Christ . " okay . alright , I be just ... ( sigh ) I probably should not even try to give you this . Michael hand she the cassette he make . michael I do not know , this whole thing have just be -- I have not make amyone a tape since I do not even know when , when I be seventeen and acne and here I be , twenty - six . I just , I never meet anyone like you before . genuinely touch by the gesture , she kiss he softly . michael it 's get kiss and I do not know why , but I stick the hershey 's jingle on there : ( sing ) nothin ' like the face of a kid eat a hershey 's bar , nothing like it you will ... she reach out and gently touch he face , charme . lelaina ( soft ) -- Michael , I love this . but I just can not go , okay ? I just can not do it . I be sorry . michael alright , forget it . I just think it would be fun and funny and you and I , that 's all . he start out , hurt . she look over and see that snow be still on the tv . she turn the set off and follow he : *. cur to : job _snterview montage interview # 1 : int . production office - day it 's very messy in here with audio-visual equipment strewn about everywhere . rock sit at a table with lelaina . rock first of all ... call I rock. ( she nod ) now . what do you know about industrial filmmake ? lelaina well , I be a communication major , I - - rock -~ how tall be you in stockinge foot ? she start to protest -- when he phone ring , a garfield phone . rock ( answer it ) yeah ? ( laugh naughtily ) hang on a coup -- ( to lelaina ) can you wait outside , hon ? inderview .#2 : int . radio office - day there be a sign on the wall : '' krbe - fm " . roger sit behind he desk . he lift a bottle of nasal spray to he nose , and spray some in each nostril . lelaina sit across from he , wait . roger to be honest with you , lelaina , I think you be overqualified for this position . lelaina ( a little desperate ) oh , I do not know . I be not really that smart . interview # 3 : int . newspaper office - day a office in the Houston Chronicle headquarters . louise a burly woman , sit behind a desk cluttere with papers . lelaina sit on the other side of the desk , wait . louise no offense , sweetie , but you do not have experience on a paper . you be tee-vee . lelaina I be try to make the transition to print journalism . louise why ? lelaina ( prepare ) newspaper be the last watchdog of we government -- they enforce the check and balance . and a half - hour of tee-vee news only add up to one page of newspaper copy . and this country be turn away from they local papers to they tee-ve for info-tainment . I want to help turn that around . Louise raise she eyebrow , very impressed . louise well then . I just need to ask you one test question . lelaina ( confident ) of course . louise define irony . lelaina irony ? ( she nod ) irony . iromy ... it 's a noun that mean when something be ... ironic ... um , it 's ... like ... like ... that ... I do not ... I really can not define irony , but I know it when I see it . end_montage cur to : ext . two peso cafe - day lelaina enter the outdoor seating area of the hip , very crowded cafe , armed with the classified and a plate of nacho . she look around for a place to sit and see troy who 's also alone , smoking , read heidegger 's " be and time . * he 's dress in a gap uniform . 64 lelaina 's eye light up ; she 's very happy to see he . she make she way across the cafe . she wave at he , smile : lelaina Troy ! Troy ! he 's surprised to see she , though not necessarily pleasantly . she reach he table , sit , talk a mile a minure : lelaina thank god -- I have never be so glad.to see anyone in my life . you would not believe what I have be through , Troy , okay ? that interview , okay ? the word '' vivisection * be a staggering understatement . I mean -- hey , can you define irory ? troy it 's when the actual meaning be totally opposire from the literal meaning . she slap the table . lelaina I know that . I know it . god. troy - ( look around ) so ... where 's Mike ? lelaina what ? -- no , no , he 's not here , I be just ... I be eat chip . she eat a chip . there be a uncomfortable silence . troy I should get back to work . lelaina ~ wait a minute . be not there some statute of limitation on embarrassing incident ? troy ( sharp ) you bravado be embarrassing . he mark he page and stand up . she grasp onto he arm . lelaina please do not go . come on , talk to I . I know you can sit with I for one cigarette . just one cigarette , some conversation , you and I and five buck , right ? troy ( tired ) laney ... lelaina ( charming ) whatty ? he really do want to stay , but he stiffen he resolve . troy I gotta go . and he 's go . she slump in she chair . cuT to : int . apartment - later lelaina enter , depressed , flop down on the couch , and turn on the tv . she start channel -surf . she hit on in you face tv where " wedgie " , the network 's fashion magazine be on . she light a cigarette , set it in the empry ashtray ... time dissolve - later +.. the ashtray be about half - full . lelaina 's still watch in you face tv , think . sammy enter from vickie 's bedroom . lelaina sit up , glad to see hin . lelaina hey , sammy !~- come sit with I . have a cup of joe . let 's talk , man , let 's have a fuck great conversation . sammy ( hesitant ) -.. um , okay . lelaina okay . ( beat ) so when be the last time you talk to Troy ? ~- vickie enter , rush , dress for work . she glare at lelaina , then grab sammy 's arm . vickie I be late for a jeans fold seminar - ~ let 's locomote . and they be go . dejected , lelaina go back to the tv ... _ time dissolve ~ later a a -.. a infomercial be on : ' psychic psensation . '' information flash on the screen : * } ~ - - 3. 99perminutemustheovereighteentthisisapaidprogram . woman ( on tv ) my psychic partner put I back in control of my personal and professional life : and watch how she help I solve a crime ! the image turn dreamlike as we see two mask man run up to a house with a see and the word " dramatic psychic reenactment " . lelaina be on the couch , talk on the phone with ner partner . lelaina it 's just that nothing be go down accord to plan . even my best friend , I be afraid that I have lose he forever and , I mean , that 's , he be my ... like my touchstone , you know ? psychic partner ( v.o. ) what do you gut tell you ? lelaina «.- eat . I do not know , I do not know . I just want to know what 's go to happen . psychic partner ( v.o. ) well , I be feel that you be near something very powerful . lelaina laok around : nothing but Troy 's junk . then she see she foot rest on the ouija board coffee table . lelaina ( gasp ) oh my god . right now at this second , my foor be touch a quiia board . psychic partner ( v.o. ) well , would you look at that . lelaina I can not believe this . can I have you extension number please ? dissolve to : int . apartment - lelaina's bedroom - morning lelaina 's lie across she bed , in pajamas , on the phone again . ay ~ lelaina iohad a strange dream last night . I be a air traffic controller , and I be guide this plane into a hangar , but the plane would not fir . it be too big . but I be desperate to get the plane inside or I would lose my job . but it just would not fit . what do you think , denell ? psychic partner ( v.o. ) ( grave ) lelaina . can I say , my ex-husband be a air traffic controller . lelaina no way . be this the same jerk who lock you out of the winnebego ? psychic partner ( v.o. ) no , this be monte , my third husband . lelaina you third husband ? we have be talk for almost two week and you never tell I about a third husband . psychic partner ( v.0 . ) it 's a long story ... dissolve to : int . apartment - live room - another day lelaina be on the couch in the same pajamas , on the phone . psychic partner ( v.0 . ) -- and then he take the money we have hide in the la-z - Boy cushion - - we savings , do n'tcha know - - and run off to San Diego to join the navy . lelaina hmmm . you know what I think ? I think you still really love monte . psychic partner ( v.0o . ) yeah ... you be probably right . but it do not matter now . lelaina yes it do , denell . I know you be afraid , but you have get to find he and tell he how you really feel ... vickie and sammy enter from the hall . vickie be sick with a cold . she and sammy sit by lelaina on the couch . a of vickie uelaina , we need to talk to you . lelaina hold on , denell. {to vickie ) what ?-- I be on the phone . vickie well , the phone bill this month be four hundred and six dollar . it 's mainly because of some call to a one - nine hundred number . psychic partner ( v.0 . ) lelaina ? I be sense you be in some -- ~- lelaina hang up on denell . grief -stricken , she rest she forehead in she hand . vickie I would help you out , but I have not be able to put in as many hour ' cause I have be sick . ... and we can not afford a new deposit if the phone 's disconnect . lelaina will not look up . vickie look to sammy for help . sammy ..- maybe you could borrow the money from Michael . lelaina no , vickie what be you do , lelaina ? you run up a four hundred dollar phone bill in less than a month , this pajamas have become like you uniform , I can not remember the last time you go outside . 1 can not even remember the last time you eat anything . I mean you be in the Bell jar . lelaina ( defensive , sharp ) do not worry about it . vickie okay fine . so how be you gonna pay rent . ' D lelaina hey . this be my apartment . I sign the lease . zx let you move in when you have no job , no money and you sponge off I for two month . and now , suddenly , the big power - monger , Ms. manager - of - the - gap , you think you can push I around like this !? sammy she 's not push -- lelaina what be you even do here , sammy ? you do not live here . sammy lelaina , god ... vickie hey laney -- you 'tre the one who 's out of work . lelaina look at they , take all this in . lelaina you be really enjoy this , be not you ? vickie - I think you really need to get some fresh air . lelaina you have be wait for this day ever since we meet . , vickie ( feed up ) who tell you that ? you psychic partner ? sammy accidentally laugh . vickie wish she have not say that . lelaina stand up , stung . she look at they coldly . she leave . they watch she go down the hall . her door slam off-screen . sammy let 's go talk to she . vickie no . I have to call into work -- I leave Troy in charge . cor to : 70 int . the gap - same Troy be stand next to a table of shirt . he be absently straighten the shirt as he absorb himself in kierkegaard 's '' sickness unto death .* there be a customer , look around , try to find help . she approach Troy , tap he shoulder . customer Excuse I ... troy oh -- I be just browsing . CUT to : int . cynthia' house - kitchen - night Dale and lelaina sit at the table . she 's drink a diet Coke . lelaina Dale , can I bum a cigarette off you ? he hand she one from he over - all 's front pocket . dale a smoke and a Coke , huh ? yeah , you get it . a smoke and a Coke . he laugh heartily . he laugh alone . Cynthia enter . cynthia it like to break my heart watchin ' you smoke in my house . lelaina avert she eye . Dale look at Cynthia with distaste . cynthia okay , but that 's okay . I be gonna be happy now . she pat Dale 's arm and fake -smile as she sit down . lelaina I need to talk to you about a loan . Cynthia and Dale exchange look . dale be it for drug ? lelaina no , it 's not for drug . I be fire . cynthia , . ( gasp ) oh my lord . mar rarr {to Dale ) well , it 's go around . dale yeah . I just get fire off my truck route last week . Cynthia look down , shake she head at the injustice of it all . lelaina Dale , I be sorry . I do not know . dale but I pick myself up and enrol in real estate school . cynthia ( pat he back , proud ) yes he do . I tell ya , when life hand Dale lemon ... dale ..- I always look for the silver lining . cynthia ( to lelaina ) but you should not have any trouble find another job , darlin’ . lelaina no , see , I have try -- I apply for every single open in my field . nothing . Cynthia and Dale consider this . Cynthia sigh . cynthia well then , I hate to say it , but time be hard so you will just have to swallow you pride . why do not you get a job at McDonald 's ? ' they will hire amyone -- I see it on the tee-vee : a little retarded boy work the cash register . lelaina because , mother , I be not retarded -- I be valedictorian of my university . cynthia and I and Dale be just proud to death of you , sugar-booger . but we do not have any money to loan you . why do not you ask you daddy for a loan ? he 's the one who -- lelaina . ' ~- no , just ... forget it . " I have to go . ~ 1 ty lelaina exit . Cynthia shake she head , wide - eye . cuT to : int . wendy be - day lelaina sit at a table with JOHN quattlebaum , the burly manager . he eat a Wendy 's frostie as he review she resume . joen miss pierce , do you know what it be to be a cashier at we restaurant ? lelaina I think so . it 's ... take order and ... make change and ... take ... John be shaking he head ; she stop . he lean forward . jorn ( dead serious ) tt 's @ juggling act . lelaina a juggling act . you mean ... like , metaphorically right ? JOHN you get people come at you from over here , over there , up front , in back , at the window , the table , the condiment exchange . they be all depend on ... ( testing she ) who ? lelaina I ? JOHN and you gotta be a hundred and fifty percent on you toe a hundred and fifty percent all the time . she nod , absorb this . JOHN now I be gonna throw a few number at you , and you add ‘em up , quick as you can . ( she nod ) eighty - five and forty - five . lelaina ( quick ) ~- one forty -- joen ~~ nope -- lelaina -- one fifty -- JOHN -- nope - ~ lelaina ~- one sixty . JOHN hey , this be not a auction . cur to : ext . parkside ~ gazebo - early evening lelaina sit alone in a white gazebo that 's in the middle of a cpen expanse of green pasture . the parkside building be in the background . Patty exit the building and head for the gazebo . Patty and lelaina hug when she get there . patty rey , can I bum a pack of smoke ? lelaina that be so bad for you asthma . patty I do not ever smoke they , lelaina . I sell they , I gamble with they , I get extra food for they , I bribe the night staff with they -- they're like little at '' card . lelaina hand she a pack from she purse and they sit down . lelaina so how be you ? patty caffeine , sugar and sodium free . you can lower you cholesrerol just from talk to I . I be like oat bran , man . fuckin ' oat bran . lelaina you look like oat bran . patty Mom tell I you get fire . lelaina yeah , and I be just turn down for a job at Wendy 's . so my sense of self - worth be just -- it 's off chart . patty which Wendy 's do you go for ? lelaina sugar Creek mini-mali . patty man , look at we . I be in the whacko- ward with a wallet full of cigarettes and you can not get a job in the asshole of the sugar Creek mini-mall . ( beat ) it 's all mom 's fault . lelaina yeah righr . patty it be !~- she 's a total enabler ! lelaina would you give I a break with the aa newspeak ? okay , she 's a enabler , okay , she 's fuck up . qkay . but ... I do not even know why I be defend she . I be sorry , I be just freak . I have to ask dad for a loan . patty can not you b.f. help you out ? lelaina he 's in New York . besides , he 's not really my boyfriend . she look off . Patty stand , reach down she pants , into she underwear , and pull out a ten dollar bill . she hold ic we , offer it to lelaina . lelaina look around , worried . patty here . my life savings . lelaina Patty , you be not suppose to have money here -- they will take away you privilege . patty I keep ic in my underwear . ( lelaina hesitates ) do not worry -- I just shower . _lelaina look around again , then take it quickly . 75 lelaina I be only take this so you will not get in trouble -- and it 's just a loan , okay ? patty cool you pit -~ it 's not a 8.f.d . you can have ic . lelaina stand and hug Patty . lelaina thank you , Patty . I love you . patty well , I gotta go to occupational therapy . lelaina wait -- do not go yet . patty ti I be late I get a e.b.t. ( off she look ) early bedtime . Patty start back to the building ; lelaina watch she , envious . she step out of the gazebo , then turn back to watch Party in the distance . lelaina shake she head knowingly , almost smile : patry be smoking a cigarette . . CUT to : ext . golf course - day a tee be drive into the grass . a golf ball be poise on top of it ... Pat step up co the ball with a club , lining up he shot . lelaina stand off to the side . she look at she dad nervously . ( rehearse ) as I get older , I realize that honesty be the most important thing . and I want to be honest with you , dad . the truth be ... I be laid off . -- Pat make he shot : the ball go off to the side . PAT I know how you feel . I have to lay off two people just last week . fat take another ball from he pocket , set it on the tee . lelaina . I need to talk to you about a loan . a PAT I do not make loan . if I have the money and think it 's right , I all give it to you . bur iz never ever make loan . lelaina I be just really short this month . he make a good shot : they watch as the ball disappear ... PAT I be sorry , baby , but I 'li tell you what my daddy tell I : if you do not learn to stand on you own two foot , you will never walk out of my house . lelaina ~- but I have never ask you for money ! PAT but I give you a car . and I pay for you insurance and I pay for you gas . he pull out the trump card . she think of a new tack . lelaina I know , and I be totally grareful -- PAT -- why do not you get a part- time job ? lelaina look down . she know this conversation be over . , lelaina --- yeah . maybe I will do that . Pat put he arm around she , lead she back to the cart . PAT what you girl need to learn be ingenuity . there be always more than one way to solve a problem . lelaina -.. yeah , PAT ( try to cheer she up ) so you get out there and show a little ingenuity . CUT to : mobil montage -~a mobil gas station sit at a intersection , a beacon . " she Works hard for the money * by donna summer start up . ~-lelaina at mobil ; she be pump gas into sammy 's peugot . she finish , and sammy hand she some cash . lelaina go inside the mobil Mart and pay for the gas with she card . --lelaina at mobil ; she be pump gas into Troy 's dodge dart . she finish , and Troy give she some cash . she go inside and pay for he gas on she card . -- lelaina at mobil : she be pump gas into a stranger 's car . she finish , and the owner of the car , a surly old man , hand she the cash . ~-lelaina be at the mobil service Center with a businessman who be have engine work do on he acura . lelaina be hold she card . lelaina so you give I the cash , I will pay for this on my card , and you get a ten percent discount . the businessman shake she hand . -- lelaina in she room , count she money . she write down the total : $ 389.64 . --lelaina in the mobil Mart ; she be pick up almost every kind of candy bar and junk food they have , until she arm be full . she go to the counter , where a fat woman wait for she . end_montage CUT to : int . dine area - night vickie and sammy be hang out at the table ; she be go over bill . vickie be still sick , a stuff nose . lelaina enter with a bag full of four hundred dollar worth of small bill and lot of change . she be visibly relieved , almost nappy . she proudly set the bag down in front of vickie . vickie well that solve we first problem . ( beat ) Rent 's due this week . lelaina forget : she mouth the word " fuck " as Troy enter . 78 lelaina we can not cover it ? vickie ( very point ) * we ’? no , '' we * can not cover it because ' we * max out ' we 's mobil card . lelaina be stung ; she look to Troy . troy I already pay for all the utility . vickie sigh , rub she face . vickie then I do not know what to do . I can not work anymore hour than I already do . sammy ( honestly try to help ) hey , Troy , what about you savings for the music video ? Troy glare at sammy . sammy bite he lip ; stumble : sammy I mean , what do I say ? -- I mean that -- vicrie ~-- what !?-- you mean I have be work my ass into a grave , make myself sick to cover all this shit -- ( hold up bill ) -- and you have be hold out because of a fuck music video pipe dream ! ? lelaina just look at he in disbelief , betrayed . lelaina you just sit there and watch I grovel and pump you gas , and never once offer to help men - not one goddamn dime ? after everything I have do for you ? my god . troy nwalk out ) thanks alot , Sam . ' preciate it . sammy ( tired of this ) on , fuck you . ' _lelaina , angry , follow he into '' 3 9 the live room where he 's search through one of he box . troy why do not you just ask mister MTV for the cash -- -- offended , lelaina start to say something -- troy -- oh I be sorry -- I forget about you builshic principle : you can not take money from the rich people you screw , but you can screw the poor people you know right out of it . lelaina so that 's what this be about , be not it ? you punish I , that 's what this really be . troy no , listen , you want the money ? -- you goc it , babe . pipe dream be damned if they interfere with you personal comfort . Troy find a shoebox . lelaina fold she arm across she chest . lelaina forget it . I do not want thar . troy no really , 1 insist . take it . ( she will not ) Fucking take it -- ~- he hurl the box at she - ~ money ( bill ) fly everywhere as he storm out , slamm the door behind he . lelaina just stand there for a minute ... then she pick up the shoebox and start put all the money back into it . sammy and vickie enter , and without a word , they all work together gather up the money and put it back in the box . dissolve to : int . " good time * set - evan ' live room ~- morning the " good Times " theme song play . j.j. Evans be asleep on the couch . we can only see he denim cap peek out from under the blanket . thelma Evans encer , wear she robe . wait . it 's not theima . it 's lelaina dress as thelma . she go to the couch and slap he several time , yell : , 80 lelaina gen up : j.j.. gen un ! get up ! Troy , dress as j.j. with a turtleneck and jeans and a thin moustache , pull the blanket off and sit up , groggy . troy girl , this better be good . the ebony prince need he ... ( mug ) .. beauty sleep ! lelaina the only beauty sleep that will work for you be a soma ! Troy sneer at she . vickie , dress as willona Woods ( tight pant - suit , scarf around she neck ) enter . vickie hooo-weee !-- I just get back from the boutique and I can hear you cat fight from the elevator ! what would you do , j.j . ? he mug again : I ? lelaina rush over to vickie . lelaina oh , willona , I lose my job and j.j. have to sell he art supplies : sammy , dress as Nathan bookman , the custodian ( a janitor 's jumper , tool belt , and lot of pad ) , enter the front door . vickie beeger , do not you know the meaning of the word knack ? Troy get up and put he arm around sammy . troy Mr. bookman , my friend , my main man , my brother ... we be currently experience what you might call -- how shall I put this delicately ? boverty . sammy oh. gee , look at the time ! sammy open the door , and someone 's there . it 's Michael as the bald alderman Davis dress in a nice suit , wear specs . sammy , alderman Davis !? of ee vickie well if it be not the colorize kojak ! michael I will ignore that , wynona . vickie that 's willona , chrome dome . michael thelma dear , I hear you be have maney problem . and I would like to help you out . Troy clap he hand , then bend he arm with he hand out : she jump troy dyn-o-mite ! ( beat ) uh , will this be check or money order , balderman ? -- uh , I mean , " alderman . * vickie ( to Michael ) what 's in this for you , billiard head ? michael just extend a help hand to my ... everyone .- favorite project family . michael and of course , thelma must agree to run away to New York with I . lelaina I will do it ! into he arm . sammy but , thelma , what about you bullshit principle ? she just shrug . troy you can not take my sister away ! you will have to get through I first ! [ roy jump in front of Michael and start hopping around , throw exaggeratedly feeble punch , do wildly ineffective karate chop . the canned laughter be raucous . Michael simply walk around he , thelma open the door , and they leave . 82 troy thelma ! thelma : get back here , girl ! the phone ring . lelaina pop she head back in . lelaina that 's for I ... cur to : int . lelaina's bedroom - morning ... the phone be ringing as lelaina slowly wake up , still wear yesterday 's clothes and make -up . she try to pick up the phone , but she hand can not get a grasp on it : it 's asleep . she slap it , pinch it until she get a little feel . she answer it : lelaina hello ? intercut : int . phone booth / ext . crowded STREET - same Michael be stand in a phone booth , but he talk on he cellular phone . michael lelaina . hi-- do I wake you up ? lelaina ( v.0 . ) Michael !? michael listen . do not kill I . okay , I take you tape , I show it . do not -- just -- they freak out . okay ? they want to do it , they want to buy it -- they want more stuff , more tape . lelaina sit up , excited , but still try to make sense of this . michael ( v.0 . ) do you hate I ? I be sorry , really . lelaina they like ic ? for real ? michael ( v.0 . ) what be I , gonna make it up ? they pyschotically love it . be this okay ? I mean , I know it 's not pbs , but -- ' 83 she stand up , swallow , excited . she smile . lelaina qkav !? be you kid ? I be this close to sell fruic at intersection . michael michael well , do not , do not . just keep work , and I will be there in a few day , and I be like , I be think about you every second here -- {his phone beep ) ~- oh shit . my battery be go . lelaina ( v.0 . } where be you ? michael I be , where be I ? I be in a phone booth . lelaina ( v.o. ) why be you on a cellular phone ? that 's a good question . he think . michael I have no idea . lelaina ( v.0 . ) ( laugh ) Michael , I really miss you . michael till call you back tonight . I love you . lelaina ( v.0 . ) no , I love you ! michael you be amazing . lelaina be twirling herself up in the chord and spin , happy . lelaina no , you be amazing ! michael ( v.0o . ) we be both amazing . I will see you -- oh no , I think it 's about to -- -- his voice cut off . 84 cuT to : int . apartment - live room ~- moment later lelaina 's on the couch , put a tape in she camcorder , dusting the lens , etc . her camera case be open on the coffee table . she close it and find vickie 's notebook underneath . curious , she pick it up . she look around , then open it : most name have be " X " d out , the word " condom " write over they . a couple have a big question mark beside they . int . vickie' bedroom - moment later lelaina worriedly enter vickie 's bedroom , notebook in hand . sammy 's lie on she bed , rest he chin on he hand , wear dark shade . he be eye to eye with vickie 's phone . lelaina .-- Sam ? sammy she would not let I go with she . lelaina where be she ? ext . clinic - later vickie emerge from the clinic , stone - face . she walk down the step , but stop , surprised , when she see lelaina in the distance , wait for she . lelaina see vickie . they just pook at each other for a moment , then lelaina begin walk towards er ... vickie come down a few step . as lelaina approach ... vickie what be you do here ? lelaina what be I do here ? -- I be freaking out worried about you . vickie ( almost disbelief ) really ? 85 lelaina I be sorry , vickie . I be sorry about be such a macro~bitch . God , 1 just keep think how you have that cold and ... I start to think , you know ... vickie ...2 be sorry too , laney . there be a quiet moment ; lelaina be try to read vickie ... : vickie you know , I do not know why I keep think about this , bur remember sophomore Thanksgiving when we bounce a check on that thirty pound turkey ? lelaina . ( hesitates ) yeah ? vickie {nastalgic ) and we try to cook it on the hot-plate - ~- lelaina -- uh-huh . vickie : and then we go to popeye 's with that sock full of nickel . goddamn . I wish we could do that again . vickie sigh nostalgically ; lelaina be now very worried , interprete vickie 's sentimentality to mean the worst -- she grab vickie 's shoulder -- . lelaina -- vickie , what be the result ? vickie ( dismissive ) oh , negative . lelaina half - laugh , relieved : lelaina oh god . why do not you just tell I ? lelaina laugh ; vickie laugh with she as they hug . lelaina hey , be you hungry ? vickie I be starve . 86 lelaina then fuck it : let 's go to popeye 's right now . vickie ( smile , definitely ) okay . lelaina put she arm around vickie as they walk off . cut to : onvideotapr / ty int . campus build - U of h ~ Day a long computer print - out sign read : " graduate registration . '' there be table for each discipline , each with a very long line of people wait to sign up . sammy survey the room . sammy this be gonna take forever . lelaina ( o.c.} have you decide what to get you master 's in ? sammy yeah . I be go to get my master 's in ... the shortest line . moment later '' master of medieval history - course requirement * read the cover of the packet hand to sammy . he shrug : could be worse . sotto : on videqtape / ty ext . apartment - day sammy be sit on the hood of he car , drink a Coke . superimpose title : sammy sammy I be always terrify of the " permanent record . " you know how everyone tell you in school , " this will go down on you permanent record . " < I imagine that one day I would go into a job interview and the boss would look at my permanent record then ask I , ' well , Mr. Buck , do you plan to write on we desk ? be you go to talk when I be talk ? be you think about pass note during we board meeting ? " . lei on videqtape / ty ext . U of h - SMALL campus build - day th sammy be stand next to a statue of a gargoyle . the glass door of the building say " dept . of medieval history .* sammy I have be celibate for five year now . I be ready for a relationship , but it 's so hard to meet people -- I refuse to go to bar or have casual sex because I be terrify of you - know - what . that 's part of the reason I be stay in school . I have a better chance of meeting someone here , ( a beat ; to gargoyle ) what be you do this Saturday ? cur to : int . apartment - live room - night Troy be recline on the couch , absorb in " aesthetic Theory '' by theodor adorno , smoking , look a little grunge out . Michael poke he head inside ... michael .+- hello ? Troy look up and find Michael stand there , dress in a nice suit , look very handsome . michael hi , how ya doin ' -- sorry to just walk in , but you door 's open and -- troy -- lelaina 's get dress . Michael sit down on the arm of the couch , then decide tc stand , very uncomfortable under Troy 's disdainful stare . michael I will just -- I do not know if she tell you , but 1 be just up in New York with the tape she make , and the stuff she shot of you be really , it 's great stuff . the whole thing about nobody eat the egg ... troy I be quote . he go back tc he book . 88 michael that 's okay , it 's still , you know , and anyway , the airtime will be a good thing for you band tec . by the way , I be look forward to see hey that 's my bicycle . Troy look up , just for a second , then go back to the book , let this one slide : too easy . michael ' Cause we be really into new band at the channel , especially underground . troy I will remember that next time I be on a subway . Michael think abour thac first , then courtesy laugh . then he wonder if he should have laugh at all . he look at Troy , irritate . start to say something , but lelaina enter , and for the first time , she be not dress in black . she wear the light - color crochet dress . she look stun , but she do not look like herself . both Troy and Michael almost gasp . lelaina stop , look at they watch she . lelaina what ? troy what happen to you normal clothes ? michael wow . lelaina , look at you . where no you get that dress ? lelaina I do not know , I just buy it , I think for the premiere and stuff I should -- it look stupid , do not in ? -- I will go change . she start out , but Michael stop she . michael no , no , you look beautiful . you look like ... I can not even think of , like , like ... troy a doily . lelaina I be gonna change . michael no , do not , do not change . 9 ‘o o troy and do not go think for yourself either , lelaina . Michael turn on Troy : michael hey , man , what be you glinch ? troy ( smile ) my ... ' gliteh ' ? lelaina take Michael 's arm , pull he towards the door . lelaina we be already late , let 's just -- michael ~- no , wait a minute , whoa , hang on a second . if you have a problem with I , I mean , let 's just get this out . do I like offend you ? have i step over some line in the sand of coolness ? well excuse I if someone do not know the secret handshake with you . troy there 's no secret handshake . there 's a secret iq prerequisite , but there 's no secret handshake . michael ( stumble ) wha -- you - - oh man , wait a minute . troy hey . Rest that synapse . lelaina Troy , please -- michael ( flustered ) -- you have just get a thing with the world , man , and hey , that 's great , but you be deal with people here , okay ? -- not just , like , intelligence , uh , uh , you know -- ( search ) -~ intelligence quotation . Troy just laugh : be Michael really this lame ? lelaina ' just ignore he ! 90 troy michael done . no. they both look at she ; even she be not sure whom she be address . Michael take a breath , calming himself . michael look , let 's just -- let 's go , lelaina . you do not need this . they go to the door . troy you do not know what she need . Michael take the baic . michael oh , I think I know what she need in a way that you never will . lelaina my god !-- whar be -- troy ( dismissive , wave he off ) ah , fuck you and buy I dinner . michael well someone should . for once , Troy do not have a comeback . he be render mute . lelaina leok down , catch , embarrassed . Troy smirk , then walk out of the apartment , slamm the door behind he . cur to : int . screening room - later many of Michael 's associate , in they 20 and 30 be gather around a big-screen tv ; they talk , laugh , munch on hor d' noevr . lelaina be stand alone at the back of the room , very nervous . Michael approach , hold up a remote control . michael you ready ? she nod . he dim the light . people look over , stop talk . michael okay everybody . it 's a special night , ' cause as you know , we be enter into a new phase be the channel , and get into real programming . and the first step be this remarkable piece by lelaina here . and all I can say be , hang on , ' sause this be gonma change the face of in you face . everyone settles in to watch . he start the tape , turn up the volume . the tv screen turn blue ... on _vireqtape / sy ~ open we fade in on a bowl of Alpha - bit cereal , where the cereal have be arrange to spell out the word : '' reality bite " . computer voice reality bite . the image dissolves into computer animation / graphic with the word '' reality bite " fill up the sereen in different font . jumbled computer voice reality bite , reality bite , reality bite , reality bite , reality bite -- then we cut back to a the bowl of cereal , but this time the Alpha - bit spell out : °by lelaina pierce '. computer voice by lelaina pierce . back to scene people clap . lelaina smile , proud to see she name . qnvideqtape / ty - houston lighten speed cut of different image of Houston : quick zoom -in , upside down , crazy angle of the montrose / westheimer area . none of it from she documentary . cool alternative , but still '' pop '' music Plays underneath . back to scene lelaina ( whisper ) what 's this ? michael oh , just transitional stuff . on _vedeoqtapecty - lelaina's documentary the music stop . the follow footage be from she documentary , though the image and sound have be cut up and manipulate : troy my parent get divorced -- lelaina my parent get divorced -- vickie they have be marry twenty - six year -~ sammy I do not think my parent ever really love each other . vickie -- and they be like brother and sister . lelaina -- when I be fourteen . troy -- when I be five . troy and lelaina the music start again as we see shot from lelaina 's documentary of she and Troy be physical : -- Troy try to feed lelaina cake -- lelaina put she arm around Troy -- Troy pull lelaina over , feign passion «- Troy and lelaina side by side om the couch -- Troy and lelaina playfully swatting each other ~- Troy pull lelaina into he lap the misic stop , and we cut in and out of different documentary section : vickie God , would you guy just -- ( * dub in ' ) -- " do it * -- and get ic over with ? lelaina you know I do not do that anymore . troy you gotta lave she . back to scene people laugh . lelaina be look very worried . on . vireqtare / ty - apartment the music continue under quick cut of lelaina 's apartment ; she documentary , but now all jumble together . lelaina ( v.o . ) ~-- I swore to myself I would never get marry . then the music stop again as we cut in and out of different documentary section : sammy I be ready for a relationship -- vickie see , relationship be -- sammy ~- so hard -- vickie ~- too complicated -- sammy except for clown . vickie -- or too simple . sammy I have be celibate -- troy I be through with the whole wank -a-rama . sammy ~- because I be terrify of you - know - what . vickie -- bikini waxing . troy frontal nudity . sammy ~- this erection . vickie I be so depressed ! 1o ww all irom troy I love breast cancer report . vickie I use protection -- troy and when they tell I how adolescent it be , I just smile and look they in the eye and say ... vickie sometimes I get that not-se-fresh feel . vicktie I think be in love would be like -- sammy ~- casual sex ~ -- troy ~-a black hole . vickie ~-a warm puppy . sammy what be you do this Saturday ? back to scene uelaina be now very confuse and somewhat angry . she look to Michael , but he 's enjoy the show . on videotade / tv ~ university of houston the music start again under several quick cut of the U of h campus , all at weird angle , none of it from she documentary . the misic stop as we see the sea of hat at graduation off lelaina 's documentary . troy ( v.o. ) they be not all dumb . we see lelaina at the podium , give she speech . vickie ( v.0 . ) four year of college -- troy ( v.0 . ) most of they be very depressed . vickie ( v.0 . ) : '' and ir 's coffee job for all of we . oo ow troy ( v.0 . ) we know you sleep you way to che podium . sammy ( v.0 . ) '' this will go down on you permanent record . " lelaina fellow graduate , the answer be simple . the answer ... the answer be .. ~- cut to Troy -- troy frontai nudity . -- then phineas in vickie 's bedroom -- phineas yeah . ~- then vickie : vickie let 's order a pizza . back to scene everyone 's laugh enthusiastically , include Michael . lelaina 's mouth be agape with horror and disbelief . on vireotape / ty the music start again under the ( non-documentary ) image of a domino 's pizza box as it 's open and several hand reach in the box ( in fast - motion ) and grab a slice ... troy ( v.0 . ) -- " the answer be inside this .* back to scene lelaina , livid , look at Michael . michael it 's just a tie -in . two second from explode , lelaina walk out . Michael watch she , then look at the audience , tear . he run after she . ext . office build - moment later lelaina be briskly walk down the street , smoking a cigarette . Michael come run up behind she . he grab she arm , she turn to he , jerk she arm away . 1o a michael lelaina -- what be you do ! ?~- what 's wrong ? lelaina that be not my work , that 's not what I do , that 's not what I want to -~- nething ! godammit , I pmust you ! michael look , it be long , it be a little long - ~ do not you understand , this be the way it work -- people be not , they , it 's -- ( slap palm repeatedly : ) ~- boom , boom , boom , fast -- it n's fast cut . lelaina well you cut out everything I have leave that meant anything to I , that I be proud of , I sign you stupid contract for you two - bit tee-vee station -- do not you get it ? somewhere in there ? no , you do not even realize what you have do , you just do nor ger in : michael no , you do not get it -- you have this audience , this kid , and you have this great piece of work , and it 's like try to make they eat meatloaf and they do not want to eat it -- you have get to give it to they like here come the plane , it 's come into the hangar . but it 's still meatloaf ! lelaina it be never meatloaf ! michael that 's a bad -- I be sorry , I just try -- what do you want from I ? lelaina everything . everything or nothing at all . Michael look at she , exhaust , confuse . a long beat . michael whar ? I mean , my god , no one can be perfect -- everybody cannot be Troy riding he melt cheese sandwich -- lelaina -- do not fuck start on Troy -- michael -- I mean I wish I gouwjd be like he and live off morto and , and creed and all that shit , okay ? but I be live in the real world , and I have ideal also . they be that , you know , I care about you , alot , and I want to see you happy . I think this would make you happy . lelaina what ? how could you possibly think this would make I happy ? you totally fuck I over . michael yeah , I fuck you over -- oco , I have a plan , tf have a book : Day twelve , uh , lelaina be come into my , uh , trust and mow only six more day until I get to fuck she over ~ - I mean . come on ! what do you think !? lelaina I do not know what to think . assoctiate ( o.s. ) ( call ) ~- Michael ? michael I will be there in a minute ! associate ( q.s. } hey , it 's hysterical : it 's incredible : . lelaina god. michael ( sigh , sincere ) leok ... I will take the pizza thing out . she almost laugh . she toss she cigarette to the ground . lelaina it 's be surreal . she walk off . he want to follow she , but he look at the building and he wait associate . he look back at lelaina . michael ( call to lelaina 's back ) I 'il see you tomorrow night ! okay ?! she do not stop walk . cur to : 98 int . live room - night lelaina be lie on the couch , sing sadly to herself ' Z be just a Bill " from schoolhouse rock . Troy start to enter from the kitchen -- but stop when he see lelaina , hear she sing . he watch she affectionately . lelaina I be just a bill , yes I be only a bill , and I be sit here on Capitol Hill . well it 's -- -~ she stop when she see Troy stare at she . she sit up . troy how would the big premiere turn out ? lelaina great . it turn out really great . she know he know she 's lie . she stand up . he follow she as she walk into the kitchen where she get a diet Coke from the fridge . he watch she as she take a sip , then rub she face , tired . lelaina . they be just ... videotape anyway . who care ? {a beat , lament ) but I work so hard on they . I mean , god -- forget it . I sound pathetic . troy : no you do not . it 's just I here , okay ? it 's just I . he rub she back , friendly . lelaina ( angry ) I know it 's stupid , but it really mean something to I , you know ? it be not like gonna end nuclear war or anything , but it mean something to I . he put a caring arm around she . she 's try hard not to cry . he gently caress she cheek . lelaina why can not thing just go back to normal at the end of the half hour , you know , like " the brady bunch " or something . . to ire ) troy because Mr. brady die of aids , okay ? thing be not really like that . lelaina ... I be really gonna be something by the age of twenty - three . troy honey , the only thing you have to be by the age of twenty - three be yourself . lelaina I do not know who that be anymore . troy ido . and we all love she . I love she . she break my heart over and over , but I love she . he pull she into a hug . she hold onto he like a life-raft . ' Troy held on to she tightly . he kiss she cheek . then he kiss she on the mouth , very passionately . she respond equally passionate . without think . they break . he press she against he ; he smell she hair , breathes deeply . then he kiss she again , hotly ; they really fit like this . they look like they be melting together . int . lelaina's bedroom - later Troy and lelaina be on she futon , nude ; he be passionately kissing she neck as they make love . her eye be close as she abandon herself . she cling to he , move with he , digging she finger into he back . he look at she face . troy I have want you like this for all this year . lelaina so have I . he kiss she mouth fervently . dissolve to : int . the brady bunch house ~ marsha' bedroom - morning b.g. situational music from the tv show start . Marsha be asleep in bed , but that 's not Marsha . that 's lelaina as Marsha brady . and lie next to she be a guy with dark , wavy hair . he turn over -- it 's Troy as greg brady . the door to the room fly open , and in walk a woman with cropped blonde hair carry a armful of laundry . it 's vickie as Carol brady . she stop when she see lelaina and Troy in bed together . she drop the laundry . vickie Marsha :?... greg ? ( yell ) Mike ! some canned laughter as lelaina and Troy wake up . lelaina no , mom , please do not tell dad . he will not understand . a geeky look guy with dark hair peek inside . it 's sammy as Bobby brady . sammy Far out ! . troy beat it , squirt . sammy I be not a squirt . troy I say geram ! sammy stick out he tongue and leave . canned laughter . vickie approach the bed . vickie honey , you can not sleep with you brother . we have tell you that . lelaina I will never do it again -- I promise . Mike brady walk into the room : he be Michael . he shake he head , sigh , walk to the bed . michael I expect a little bit more from you than this . troy it 's be building up for over four year , dad . she just could not help herself . michael well , you be ground . both of you . you be not to leave this room . troy groovy . . vickie Mike , I do not know what to do with she . she 's a mess . lelaina I !? what about dim ? troy hey , at least I have my principle . lelaina s80 do I ! Troy laugh . Michael and vickie laugh along with the maniacal canned laughter . cur to : int . lelaina's bedroom - the next morning lelaina 's eye pop open . it be very early , about nine . Troy be nor in bed with she . she look around the room , surveying the situat :on . there be a box of condom next to she bed . Troy be stand by the door , get dress for work . lelaina ..- where be you go ? troy I have to go to work . he start out of the rcom . she sit up . lelaina wait a minute . he stop , stare at she . lelaina I mean ... that 's it ? troy no . I will see you tonight . he start out again , but stop . he go to she and give she a mechanical , perfunctory kiss on the cheek . troy I have to go , but we will talk at the club . he quickly walk out of the room , close the door behind hin . lelaina stare after he . she lie back down , confuse . cur to : 102 int . downtown ground ( coffeehouse ) - night Troy 's band * hey that's my bike * be on stage , perform '' eight be never enough " . a original song about welfare mother who have baby only to increase they income . lelaina enter the dark smokey club , stress out , chain -smoke . she walk towards the stage -~- but be stop by a hand grab she arm : it 's sammy , sit at a table with vickie . sammy ( anxious ) tell I it 's not true . she just look down . sammy be shocked : vickie grab she hand . vickie oh , laney , sex be the quick way to ruin a friendship . uelaina look at vickie , know she 's right . the crowd applaud as the band finish the song . troy ( over mic ) thank you . ( applause ) now we be gonna go have a new american cheese snack idea . lelaina I have to talk to he . he take off he guitar . lelaina start to walk off -- when sammy 's new friend luke weinbrenner , a handsome guy in he twenty , approach the table . sammy oh --lelaina , vickie , I want you to meet luke . he 's get he doctorate in medieval History . lelaina watch Troy as he step down from the stage . she start off -- but vickie pull she back . vickie {low ) lelaina , it really mean alot to sammy that you like luke . do you know what I mean ? lelaina look at sammy and luke together . luke light a dunhill , french inhale , John Waters style . she get it . vickie so do not run off yer . lelaina see Troy across the club , gerting coffee . lelaina okay , okay . let I just -- hold on . lelaina again start off , but do not get two step before she hear from behind she -- michael ( o.s. ) ~- lelaina ? she do a mental one~eighty as she remember the date with Michael . she feel a hard rock in she stomach . she slowly turn to find he , hold a brochure and two plane ticket . he 's pretty wound - up . vickie and sammy stare at he , shocked at he presence . michael ( to vickie and sammy ) hi. hi. lelaina be speechless . he move in close to she . she watch Troy , who have not see she yet . michael ( excited ) do not say anything - ~ look , I screw up . I be get you tape back . it 's not definite yer , but listen to I . I want to make this up to you , you mean so much to I , lelaina . I get we two ticket for the Red rock trails in Arizona . we will go hike in the desert , just like you want . troy be still at the bar . he watch with complete and total disdain , almost disbelief , as Michael take lelaina be hand . she quickly look back at the bar for Troy ... but he have leave . there be no sign of he . michael this will be great for we because you be right , we need to get away and get perspective on everything . lelaina Michael , I do not - - ~ 104 michael ~- listen , you and I after a long hike and we be sweat together and we will get a saltscrub and just peel off all the layer , scrub they off and get down to you and I . I be tell you , look , they have get ... ( show she brochure ) ... two o'clock canyon explorer , three o'clock meditation -- or , or we do not have to do anything . they have wallyball too . lelaina I , I do not know what you be talk about . she frantically scan the club for Troy . michael I be talk about give I another chance here . I serew up , alright ? I know , I 'ma jerk , look at I , I 'ma jerk , alright ? lelaina listen , there 's something I should tell you ... lelaina look around , get panicky ... michael oh. hi. -.- and she bump right into Troy . troy {mock surprise ) well hi lelaina . lelaina hi. troy be that a frog in you throat or be you just glad to see I ? ( very nice ) hi Mike . thanks for come down . no hard feeling , man . Troy offer he hand , as a truce . Michael think a second , then shake it . lelaina be frighten by Troy 's congeniality . he know this , and he love it . troy lelaina , you be look a little pale . michael . yeah , be , be you okay ? -. vickie ntry to help out ) she 's fine -- she just have too many diet coke today . troy yeah , this girl be koo - koo for cocoa puff -- so be you gonna tell he or be I ? he be look at lelaina , though he keep that polite smile on he face . she feign confusion , but Troy 's gaze be relentless . weigh she option ... Troy start whistling the theme song from '' Jeopardy * . lelaina be suddenly incense , livid . lelaina {low but acidic ) : why do you always have to be so funny ! ? -- why be it so goddamn important for you to be funny ! ? troy because it 's all I have get . be not it . lelaina {to Michael ) Excuse I one second . she take he arm and lead he off to the phone hall by the bathroom . troy you want to tell I what the hell he 's do here !?-- I want to talk to you . lelaina what the hell do you care ? you totally bail on I this morning ! troy I panicked . it happen . but I think we could work it ouc , you know ? okay , look , I do not know if this be the right time for we . I mean , I mean everything I say last night , but ... lelaina glare at he coldly . troy -- would you -- do not lock at I like that . Jesus , I be not say , you know , okay ? -- I mean , I know you be the only woman I could ever commit myself to . 106 lelaina so what -- do I get a medal ? <= win che great commitment cook -off and you just run away ? ( beat ) I know this would happen . troy I do not want to lose you . I do not know , i have never have a experience like this before . I have never -- -- she sneer , turn away from he . he grab she wrist and turn she ro he . troy I have never have sex with someone I love before . she wrest she hand free . lelaina well , congratulation Troy dyer . welcome to the world of the emotionally mature . it 's a nice place to visit - - you might bump into Michael , he life there . troy yeah right , Michael 's so mature hecause he let you navigate that entire relationship . well I be sorry , but you can not navigate I , lelaina . I might do mean thing , I might hurt you , I might even run away without you permission and you might hate I forever . and I know that scare the shit out of you , because I be the only real thing you have . lelaina be strike by this , but incense . a long beat ; she glare hard at he . lelaina fuck you to tear . she walk away , livid . this be not what Troy want . troy lelaina -- wait a minute -- wait ! lelaina ! band member ( o.s. ) Troy , we be on . Troy watch lelaina as she reach the table and sit next to Michael . she scoot she chair closer to he . a beat . Troy turn and deliver a solid punch to the wall . 107 back at the table lelaina Michael , listen , I be sorry - ~ michael -- no , iim sorry . I '' sorry . do not you get it ? that 's what all this be . lelaina open she mouth to say something -- michael ( charming , almost laugh ) ~- huh -uh . listen , you and I , we will saltscrub it all away . Troy and the band take they place on stage and warm up . he look at lelaina who 's sit close to Michael . troy ( smile viciously ) this one 's for you , laney . lelaina hold she breath ... the guitar begin the intro to ' the fuck song , " a raucous song by olivia Cornell . troy ( sing ) well , you ever hear the word fuck , baby ? you ever hear the word screw ? how ' bout I ? how ' bout you ? how ' bout now ? people begin clap along . lelaina look deeply stung . she close she eye . vickie look down , embarrassed for she . Michael be start to wonder about all of this . troy well , I see that look in you eye , and you know thar it 's be in mine how ' bout grabbin ' for the gold ? just put you mind to it you better damn well do it before we both get old . pretty soon , the audience be go wild , some stand on they chair , sing along . lelaina can no longer stand it . she quickly walk off , towards the front door as the song relentlessly continue . vickie jump up , rum to lelaina , but she wave she off . Michael look from lelaina to Troy and back to lelaina as she disappear out of the club . he get what 's go on . he stand up , angry . 108 michael ( to himself ) goddammit . he walk out of the club as the song finish . luke look act sammy , confuse . sammy lean over to he and whisper in he ear . luke gasp . then he shake he head . luke the worst thing the Middle Ages give we be the concept of romantic love . ext . club / int . BMW - same lelaina be in she car ; she take several deep breath , calming herself down . she put a cassette tape in . lolly . lolly . lelly from '' schoolhouse rock " begin . . lelaina ( sing along ) lolly , lolly , lolly , get you adverb here . lolly , lolly , lolly , get some adverb here . she back out . at the club entrance Michael watch lelaina 's car drive out of the lot . tray burst cut of the club , leok around for lelaina but he only find Michael , whom he purposely ignore as he walk toward the street . michael {to Troy 's back ) Nice job . very well do . troy I do not want co hear it . not from you . michael yeah well , I forget I be not qualified to talk to you - ~ sorry I can not be mister hey-look - at - I - I '' - buddah -on - the-mountaintop . but you know what you be ? you know what you remind I of ? that guy in the hat with the thing , with the bell , the uh , uh -- troy -- Court jester . michael yeah , where everything 's so easy to laugh at from a safe distance in clevercleverland . but you know what happen to he ? they find he skull in a grave and they say , " I know he , and he be fumny .* and the guy , the court jester die all by himself . troy where would you hear that ? the Renaissance Festival ? Michael shake he head in disbelief : that 's he whole point . troy turn and face Michael . troy besides , everyone die all by himself . michael if you really believe that , then why be you stand out here in this parking lot with I ? Troy turn away , walk off . Michael remain , unmove . he hear Troy 's engine start . he look at the plane ticket in he hand as '' walk on the Wild side 's start . dissolve to : montage int . airline ticket lobby - dawn from the airline 's logo on the wall , we tilt down to find ... Troy at the counter with he open shoebox . he hand about half the money to the agent ; the man count it out , give Troy a ticket . ' int . airport - gate - later Troy sit with he bag beside he , read Zen and the Art of motorcycle mainrenance . int . apartment - morning lelaina enter , still dress in last night 's clothes , tired . she walk into the live room ... and - she heart sink . it be spotless : Troy be go . worried , she walk out ... int . gap - later lelaina enter the gap , disconcert , look around for Troy . vickie 's at the counter , bag a sale . lelaina approach she . vickie know why she 's here . vickie he 's go , laney . dejected , lelaina lean on the counter . int . downtown ground - night another band , ' sect and violet " , be om stage . lelaina be by herself , watch the door . a guy who 's a version of a4 poor-man 's Troy walk in . for a instant , she be hopeful , she start to ger up , but he turn around , and she realize it 's not he . she go back to watch the door . ext . somewhere in the arizona desert - day nething but the occasional cactus for mile and mile . several healthy , tone , tan people sit yoga-style , they eye close , they hand on they knee , paim up . Michael be in the middle of the greup , in the same posirion , a bottle of water beside he . he open he eye , peek , and look around , uncomfortable . he be very out of place . a large Native american man lead the group meditation . int . lelaina's bedroom - night lelaina be lie on she futon , hold the tape Michael give to she . she roll over and put it in she boombox , press play -- int . hospital - same Troy sit alone in the empty , sterile wait room , under a ' no smoke * sign . he 's chain -smoke . he have not sleep for three day . he rub he face , exhaust . he go to the pay-phone and dial . he wait ... lelaina ( v.0 . ) hello ? he hang up . he lean against the wall . int . lelaina's bedroom - same lelaina hold the receiver , think . she sigh sadly and hang up . she know it be he . she turn off the tape . end_montase cur to : int . parkside - counselor' office - morning there be five chair arrange in a circle : Pat and Cynthia be sit on either side of the counselor . Patty , wear boxer , a t - shirt and house -slipper , sit next '' the lelaina . everyone 's watch . Patty , who be rest she face in she hand . counselor paccy would like to share something with you in this week 's session . be you ready to share ? patty forget it -- I be just hang out , okay ? -- I be bored . my roommate have this bottle of final Net , and I be just curious to see what ic taste like . lelaina close she eye , disappointed . she put a comforting hand on Patty 's back . counselor so you do not drink that hairspray for its alcohol content ? patty no ! the counselor hold up a brown paper bag . counselor Patty . put you bulishic in this bag and level with we . Patty dramatically put she hand to she head . patty oh. my. god. I be spin -- I be spin . counselor find you center . find you center . Patty close she eye and find she center . patty I drank the hairspray because ... I be die . lelaina exchange worried look with she parent . counselor Patty , tell we why you be die . Patty suddenly start to cry . patty because I do not want to get out of this place because I do not have a family to come home to ! lelaina bow she head empathetically . Pat stand up . he walk over towards Patty -- when Cynthia stand up . . cynthia it be you daddy who remarry six month after the divorce while 1 be wait because I think -~ Pat take the bait ; he turn and look at Cynthia , infuriate . PAT dammit , Cynthia ! -- you fill they head with that kind of crap then send they off to I for a weekend , no wonder they be confuse . lelaina stop it ! cynthia they be confuse because they daddy do not care about anything but golf club , car and that goddamn Carol ann . PAT I '' about to walk right out of here . cynthia well , darlin’ , what the hell be new ? PAT that 's it -- ~- Pat start to walk out -- lelaina stand up -- lelaina ( scream ) shop it ! everything stop ... everyone look at she , take aback . she stand up . she look at all of they as if for the first time . she almost laugh . lelaina I be so sick of you people , I could throw up . I have try so hard -- se hard -- to make everything okay , but I quit . she pick up she purse . cynthia honey , nobody ever ask you to make amything okay . PAT my god , lelaina , what be you talk about ? you have get almost everything you nve ever want , we never hit you -- lelaina -- what a big accomplishment . oh , gee , thank you so much for never hit I , you just score extra bonus point , Pat . she 's never talk to he like this before . cynthia you problem be you never have to suffer . lelaina right , okay , I never have to suffer . God , look atus . I can not believe that we ever even live in the same house . or go to disneyworld or watch '' Little House on the prairie * together . it 's like ict never happen . family portrait hide away . Polaroid cut up . New furniture , new dish , new mom and dad , kid split in half . you two can not even look at each other , she 's drown herself in final Net , and I ... she start to tear up , despite herself . bur this time she do not run into the bathroom ; she stand she ground and make they watch . lelaina -». God , I be still take out the trash . who be I if I be not the one take out the fuck trash ? I do not even know . there be a reverent pause . a deepnseate chord have be strike in all of they . they know it 's crue . lelaina take a deep breath , like a brick have finally be lift off she chest . lelaina but I be gonna find out . I know it 's net you fault , and I know you do you best , but I have gotta get out of here , at least for a while , I be check out of this thermonuclear family . she walk out . they can do nothing but watch she go . Pat sit down next to Cynthia . Patty reverently stare after lelaina . she smile , proud . ext . parkside - later lelaina walk through the parking lor . Patty burst out of the building , run to catch up to she , call she name . llelaina turn around . Patty approach , smile . they hug tightly . lelaina walk on ; Patty watch she go , happy . she wave a small goodbye to lelaina 's back . dissolve to : 14 int . the gap - day vickie walk over to a employee whose back be to we as she concentrate on fold jeans . vickie hey , I still need you social . she turn around : it 's lelaina , wear gap clothes . lelaina 533~-84-0987 . vickie begin write this then stop . they look at each other : vickie / lelaina the only thing I really learn in college : they high - five , but lelaina freeze , shocked when she see Michael , stand at the entrance , wear a sweatsuit and a very deep tan ; he hair be lighter . he wave to she and mouth ' hi . * vickie and lelaina exchange surprised look . cor to : ext . transco tower - wall of water - hour later Michael and lelaina walk in the park area in front of the huge , modern - art fountain across from the mall . lelaina be a little nervous , glance at she watch as Michael be intense , excited . michael -- then on the sixth day , I go on the overnighter , just I and a bottle of water in the desert . lelaina . I look at the star again , I make the time , like you say , and I really get perspective -- I smell everything -- I smell sand -~ I never know sand have a smell . lelaina ( plead ) Michael , can we talk about this after I get off work ? I mean , I have be go almost three hour -- vickie 's gonna kill I . a michael T just want to get to this one point , which be when they make I do this regression thing ? -- I mean , I know it 's ridiculous , but even if you do not believe in thac crap , I do not even believe in ict , but it tell I that when we be like in ancient Egypt or something , you be like a slave , and I be like this unhappy slave - master guy , I think -- I do not remember everything ' cause iwas kind of in this trance , but the upshot of it be that I be crowd you . so what I need to do now be give you space . and that 's good , because I need to be by myself too , and I be so okay on my own right now . we just need space . lelaina okay . alright . this be not the answer he want . michael really ? okay ... I mean , it 's space . and I think we can still see each other with the space . like , within the space . she sigh ; this be not go to be easy . lelaina listen , I still want to be friend -- he stop walk ; so dee she . michael -- look , I know I be serew up , okay ? I know what I be , and I be not perfect . no one be -- well , except , to I , you be very close . she do not want to hear that ; she look down , painfully . lelaina no , I be not . ke take out a bracelet make of stone on a leather strap . michael I make this for you . the guy who regress I , hector , he say the stone be suppose to mean that you care about somebody . she take the bracelet , genuinely couch . lelaina well hector be right . ido . I - ' care abour you . I really do . the a he nod . he know it 's over . michael I should go . I have to fly to New York . ( mumble ) I get promote or something . she 's happy for he , but before she can congratulate he -- michael -- no , you know what ? JI do not even care . I mean , I care , but -- look , you want to come with I ? -- why do not you come to New York with I ? no forget it . lelaina you know , I bet ten year from now , we will be laugh at this . we will be crack up . michael yeah , I be sure at some distant point in the future this will all seem really hysterical . it kind of already do seem funny to I . lelaina really ? michael no -- not . no , she try not to , but she laugh infectiously . he shake he head , then start laugh with she . she hug he . cor to : ext . galleria parking lot / int . BMW - another day lelaina park the BMW : it 's alot cleaner than before : the ashtray be empey , _the Coke can be go . she get out and walk towards the mall . int . galleria - the gap - moment later lelaina be on the up escalator - - when a frazzle sammy appear at the top and spot she . he walk down the up escalator . she walk towards he . sammy thank God ! -- come on , we gotta hurry -~- -~ he take she arm and hurriedly lead she into the gap . hi ? Troy be sit on the floor in the middle of the store . play he guitar , sing sugar mounrain by Neil Young . his guitar case be open in frone of he ; there be some money in it . some customer watch he ; vickie be desperately try to lead they away from he . sammy he will not leave . he 's be sit there for hour , go through the whole Neil Young songbook . he 's almost through with the s's . I do not know what 's gonna happen when he get to the end . vickie come up to Troy . vickie that 's it , Troy . you have five minute to vacate this mall . then I be call security and have you physically remeve from the premise ! Troy finish the song . a pass customer toss a quarter in he guitar case . a beat . vickie hold she breath . then Troy start play again : this qld House . vickie you will be arresr . lelaina step in , shocked . lelaina vickie ! vickie take lelaina by the arm and lead she off to the side . vickie panhandle be illegal inside this mall . if Troy be not out of here , I have to call in security or close the store . if I close the store , I will lose my job . ( desperate ) lelaina , I cannet lose my job . lelaina turn to the scattered customer : Troy ' 's audience . lelaina okay , folk , show 's over . customer toss money into Troy 's case as they back off ; Troy still keep play . lelaina approach he ; he do not lock at she as he finish the song . he do not say anything for awhile . he look at she , then turn the page of he Neil Young songbook ... lelaina turn and walk towards vickie , who cringe . troy lelaina . she turn back , go to sit next to he . they be quiet , then : troy ... when I be about eleven , I be already play guitar . I learn from my older brother , ' cause he be always play old Beatles song on he . and one day in December , I hear on tee~vee that John Lennon die . that he be assassinate . I do not know why , but ft feel like , suddenly , there be this ... evil force in the universe that I never know before . so I go and sit alone with my guitar in my room . I be not play , I just hold it . then my father knock on my door and walk in . and he come over and sit beside I on my bed . I think , ' this man know what I be feel right now . without a word speak between we , this man know exactly whar I be go through . " so we sit there for a minute . then he turn to I and say , " Son ? " and I say , '' yeah , dad ? " and he look at the floor and say , ' Jack lemmon be kill .* she start to laugh . he kind of laugh with she ... they laughter die , and he look at she . troy my dad die . her mouth drop open . she embrace he . he let himself he hold . he bite into she sleeve ; he face contort , but he will not let himself ery . troy my mom do not even bother to show up at he funeral . she hug he tighter , eloode with empathy and love . he can not hold back anymore and cry . she just hold he , stroking he hair , rock he back and forth . she start cry too . lelaina oh , Troy , I would plan you funeral . troy I be sorry , laney . lelaina it 's okay , it 's okay . _ they break the hug and wipe at they eye . alg troy I act like a little piece of ... spam . lelaina no , I be spam . troy no , I be spam . ( look around ) I hope you do not have that fuck camcorder on I somewhere . lelaina no , the whole thing 's do . it 's on the air now . troy in you face ? lelaina Public access . cost I thirty dellar , but I get a good lead in . I be right after the animal balloon guy ... ( smile , nod ) but , hey , who know when pbs will come knock ? you gotta start somewhere . and until then , I be right here . in the stop -gap . troy that 's really cool . ( sigh ) you know what I think we whole problem be ? ( beat ) we need to get we own place . lelaina ( laugh , giddy ) with what money ? troy well ... he look in he guitar case . troy I have about five buck . she lean in and kiss he on the mouth . he respond passionately , hungry for she . lelaina then fuck the world . troy fuck the world . he stand up , cffer she he hand . she take it and stand up , and they hug . vickie minute to they . sammy minute and hug all of they . and the four of they stand there , hugging in the middle of the gap . dissolve to : a television set as various channel be be surf . we see bit and piece of various programming : ' small wonder , " Robert tilton , qvc ... the surfing stop at in you face te , where they new young adult soap opera be on . a actor be play * Roy , " a cynical , cool guy who be pack a duffel bag , as a actress play " elaina , " a chain - — smoking , teary - eye girl dress in black . actress Roy , why be you do this to I ? I know we can be happy together . actor elaina , you have make it clear to I that you job be first priority . I be just a sprig of parsely on you plate . ( hand she a box ) here , I think this be you condom . actress I do not want my stupid condom back ! God . you be really bum I out . actor you will chill in time . right now , I need someone who understand what my music and the band mean the I . actress but it 's just music , Roy : I be a human be with deep feeling who feel thing deeply ! actor Music be feel , babe . the band may he a small dream , but it 's the only one I have get . ( pick up bag ) I be audi 5000 . he leave she there cry . she stare after he . actress ( to herself , plead ) please do not let he get drunk arid drive . on the suspenseful music , we fade in on a title card : " executive producer , michael grates '' int . new apartment - night Troy and lelaina be make out on the couch in they new apartment ; she be wear she gap clothes , he have a new " grow - up , " neater look . the tv be on in you face tv . the phone ring . they do not even break to say let che machine get it . troy ( v.0 . ) at the beep please leave you name , number , and a brief justification of the ontological necessity of modern man 's existential dilemma and we will ger back to you . the machine beeps . PAT ( v.0 . ) uh , yeah , lelaina , this be you dad . call I when you get this -- I need you to explain something : I just get a two thousand dollar bill from mobil . eare.oul .