real genius body { background - color : " # ffffff " ; font -family : courier New , helvetica , san -serif ; font-size :10.0pt } div { position : absolute ; leave :5 px ; top:20 px ; width:734px ; height :500 px ; } #loc { font - family : courier New ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:1.2in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left:0.8in;text-transform :uppercase } #slug { font - family : courier New ; font -weight : normal ; margin- top :0in ; margin-right :1.2in ; margin-bottom :0 in ; margin- leave :0.8in ; text - transform : uppercase ; } #act { font - family : courier New ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:1.8in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left :0.8in } #speaker { font - family : courier New ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:1.in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left:2.8in;text-transform :uppercase } #spkdir { font - family : courier New ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:2.7in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left:2.2in } #dia { font - family : courier New ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:2.6in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left :1.6in } #pg { font - family : courier New ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0 in ; margin-right:1.75in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left :6.5 in } #right { font - family : courier New ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:0.75 in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left :5.0 in } real genius ext . sky -day a Black b-1 bomber bank steeply expose its underside to we . man ( v.o. / filter ) slingshot this be watchdog . rabbit 's home . Rolling out of its bank , the bomber begin a steep climb revealing the fact that it be carry a small delta winge shuttle on it back . the bomber 's wing slide back . bomber pilot ( v.o. / filter ) Roger watchdog . understand we be go for crossbow . suddenly a rocket engine on the back of the modify bomber fire thrust the plane into steep climb . int . b-1 flight deck-day the plane vibrate . the pilot and co-pilot be busy in they seat . behind they sit a third pilot wear a space suit . he give they a thumb - up signal , rise and crawl to the rear . bomber pilot ( into the mike / over the roar ) watchdog , slingshot . let we know when the rabbit 's in the hole . ext . a crowd -day a blond haire , blue -ey man with a small walkie-talkie be stand in the midst of a group of cheer Central american peasant and townsfolk . he be disguise as one of they . angle on villa balcony the uniform President of this formerly sleepy , now strategically critical nation be wave to he people . he be flanke by military guard . he turn and walk into the villa . ext . b-1 bomber-day the bomber approach the top of it 's arc . atherton the shuttle pilot climb into he seat , strap in and check he instrument . shuttle pilot all system check . crossbow be armed . bomber pilot ( v.o . ) Roger , ignition sequence , start , separation in five ... ext . top of the bomber the explosive bolt blow on the shuttle mount . int . bomber flight deck the pilot push he yolk forward . ext . bomber as the bomber fall way , the shuttle 's booster ignites with a roar , thrust it toward space . ext . space - looking back we see a tiny glow speck come towards we . very quickly it gain in altitude and we see that it be the shuttle . suddenly it be upon we and blast over we head . angle from behind we follow the shuttle . the engine stop . there be a small explosion , which push the booster rocket away . small maneuver rocket fire and the shuttle establish itself in a nose down altitude . shuttle pilot ( v.o. filter ) crossbow be establish . bomber pilot ( v.o. / filter ) Roger , we have ground confirmation . reference grid seven . check pathfinder , on . shuttle pilot ( v.o. filter ) Roger , I be go on the scope . move target indicator , engage . behind and above the cockpit a large hatch open and a large circular spin mirror rise and lock into position . int . shuttle the pilot reach above he and pull down a viewfinder and begin look through it . ext . the shuttle . a target sighting lens move from right to leave , stop , and then move back but this time with the mirror move in unison . int . the shuttle while still look through the viewfinder , the pilot manipulate the target control . insert pilot' Pov of the screen crosshair , a grid patter and digital , rangefinder readout appear over various part of the Earth 's topography as the pilot search for he target . then it steady on a polarize image of a group of people . one of the image seem to stand out brighter than the other . ext . villa patio -day the president and he aide be chat with a group of visit dignitary . there be a jovial atmosphere as they order drink from a waiter . the president be proudly display one of he medal to he guest . it have a very unique jewel- like object in its middle . int . the shuttle the pilot be watch through the viewfinder . pilot ( into mike ) scanner on . target lock . track lock . ext . the shuttle the mirror and sighting lens adjust as they track the target . ext . villa patio the President be serve a cup of coffee . he ask the waiter for sugar . the waiter turn back to he cart . int . the shuttle the pilot put he hand on the joystick and flip open the trigger cover . pilot Nice and easy do it . ext . the shuttle Dead silence , then the mirror erupt in brilliant light and send a incredibly bright beam toward the Earth . behind the shuttle we see exhaust gas venting in giant plume into space . ext . villa patio the beam strike the president like the finger of god . he vaporize . the waiter turn back with the ask - for sugar to find a smoking hole where the President once stand . ext . space the shuttle finish its work and the beam shut down . the mirror fold away and the shuttle arc across the screen prepare for re-entry , fire small retro rocket . pilot ( v.o ) I be come home . just like shoot duck in a barrel . pull back to reveal int . a high - level government conference room-no window a large screen at one end of the room continue to show the re-entry . announcer ( v.o. ) the crossbow Project . there 's no defense like a good offense . in the middle of the room be a giant donut of a round conference table . another circle hang above and cast light downward in such a way as to light the table - top but caser that sit around it in shadow . we can see they but not well . there be six men in suit . the look be sinister as Hell ; but the talk be for rotary Club meeting . a man , sit at three o'clock , wear a Air force major 's uniform , point at a remote control device at the screen and stop the film . the lighting do not change . he turn to the man sit at twelve o'clock . carmichael Nice little weapon be not it , Dave ? decker well , I guess so , but gosh , Don , it 's a movie . you want I to start buy weapon from George Lucas ? polite laughter all around . carmichael now that would be somethin' , would not it ? decker well , sometimes I think I might as well . ( to one of the other ) what do you think of what you see , Roy ? roy I think there be not enough girl . more polite laughter . then Roy turn ice cold in a flash . roy ( cont would ) be this thing for biological target only ? carmichael no , Sir , this thing would take the skin right off , of Air Force one if you want . not that I be say we would ever want to kill we own President , but , you know , for example . roy we study indicate that this type of weapon be totally useless for warfare . decker it 's not intend for use in you kind of warfare , Roy . this be a perfect peace time weapon . roy what 's the kill potential ? carmichael as soon as the size - to power ratio be lick we will have about seven bang for the buck . roy when that ? carmichael shrug the sign for " who know ? " decker seriously , Don , I have to report to the Secretary that everything 's on schedule . we have plan for you little ray 's gun this summer . carmichael ( try to cover ) as I understand it , guy , there 's some major practical difficulty . I be push as hard as I can . decker well , Don , you tell that geniuse you have get until the end of the next fiscal quarter to come up with a work model or I be pull the plug on the funding . carmichael ( very nervous ) I be assure they be on the verge of a major breakthrough . decker good . just as long as we get a work weapon out of it by June . right , general ? roy I would not know , Dave . I have not have a work weapon since Korea . decker right . ( to assistant ) Larry , let 's see the film on blind technique , then we will have some lunch , all right ? int . exhibition hall - day we OPEN on a sign : " Effects of marijuana on rodent . " a cage be divide in half . one side be mark " no marijuana . " a chinchilla be run furiously on a treadmill . the other side be mark " marijuana . " a chinchilla be lie in a little hammock . dolly back to wide shot . we see we be in a large hall . there be dozen of booth and exhibit . a banner strung across the hall let we know that this be the " western regional high school winter science fair . " angle on a pretty female student at a booth stand in front of a clear glass cylinder that have vacuum hose connect to it . there be two color gas inside the cylinder . a sign behind she say : how tornados be formed . " a small group of boy stand watch she in as sexist a way as possible . girl it do not seem to be work ; but if it be , this gas would be go around . a boy we do not care . angle on another part of the hall . two blond -haire , male twin stand proudly in they booth . " the gravitational pull of heavenly body . " a large , crudely paint diorama of the milky Way be in the background . several paint ball be suspend in front , label " mercury , " " venus , " etc . the sun be represent by a large electromagnet . all the " planet " angle on a booth near the entrance . a robot attract a crowd . it have a video screen for a face which read : " hi , my name be Harry . let I guess you weight and age . " with jerky motion he extend he mechanical arm and shake hand with passersby . he be speak to a small kid . harry hi , my name be Harry . let I guess you weight and age ... midget mutant ; weight ... the kid shoot it in the neck with a toy space gun . the robot short circuit : spark shoot out , its arm fly in circle until a fuse blows and it sizzle to a burn stop . we pan over to the door just in time to see the entrance of dr . jerry atherton , professor of physics at Pacific tech , and a popular host of a pbs television show about science . his manner and bear mark he as a classic anal retentive . he be a perfect cross between Carl sagan and Jerry Brown . brilliant , intense , seemingly sincere but , in fact , incredibly manipulative . there be a intentional aura of superiority surround he . we follow he in and down a aisle where he draw the attention of the crowd in the manner of the celebrity he be . a old lady stop he . he beam a smile at she . old lady be you Dr. atherton ? atherton yes , dear . old lady I just love you television show . atherton well , thank you . we try . old lady what 's Albert Einstein really like ? atherton Dead . old lady oh , I think you have he on . atherton no , that be just a actor . old lady be everyone a actor , then ? atherton ( beginning to tire of this ) no , I be a physicist . old lady but Einstein be not ? atherton ( dismiss she ) Nice talk to you . he walk away . angle on a booth where we meet mitch simon , age fifteen . Mitch be a genius . he 's know that since he be old enough to understand the word , which be on he first birthday . he be do college level work by the time he be in the fourth grade . although he 's intellectually precocious , he 's still only 15 year old and have all the problem of any average adolescent . his shyness and intellect have always make he feel different and uncomfortable in social situation . he stand with he parent near a demonstration table . unlike some of the other exhibit we have see , there be nothing amateurish about this one . in fact , it be a impressive display of a dye laser . we can see the beam of multi-color ray bounce between mirror , move through liquid , combine with gas . mitch be try to explain he work to mr . simon , who be a nice enough guy but who pretty much regards the fact that he son be gift as a pain in the butt . mitch see , dad , it 's coherent light . mr . simon it talk ? mitch no . atherton approach . he be see by mrs . simon , who greet he . mrs . simon Dr. atherton , what a surprise . atherton hello , Mrs. Simon . how be you ? mr . simon no problem with Mitch 's test score or anything , be there ? atherton no , no . I just think I would stop by , bring you the good news myself . I just get word from the admission committee . we do it . Mitch be in . mrs . simon be not that wonderful . atherton ( to Mitch ) hello , Mitch . mitch ( shyly ) hi. atherton Nice little display ? mitch thanks atherton what 's you medium ? mitch just argon . but I have it all structure for hf if I could get some . atherton that would be interesting . mitch it 's all theoretical at this stage , but I have the power supply completely work out . atherton very nice . mitch ( a kid again ) thanks . atherton turn to Mitch 's parent . atherton you must be very proud . he 's the first student we have ever accept for winter term entrance at Pacific tech . mr . simon I image he 's the youngest , too . atherton no , actually . the youngest we have have be a twelve , but he crack under the pressure within six month so we do not really count he . mrs . simon ( almost in tear ) Fifteen year old and off to college . image . mr . simon listen Doc . this scholarship thing , do he get any kind of whatya call it , signing bonus sort of thing ? atherton ( hope this be not go to be a problem ) well , no ... but by allow Mitch to progress at a accelerate rate we give he the opportunity to fulfill a far great portion of he remarkable intellectual potential . do not you agree ? mr . simon yeah , I guess . it 's just that athlete get , you know , car and stuff . atherton ( polite for Mitch 's sake ) well , I guess we scientist be a little different than athlete . mr . simon Cheaper . atherton smarter mr . simon not when it come to get car . mrs . simon we just want the best for mitchie . ( change gear ) Dr. atherton , I see you show the other night , about radioactive isotope , and I have a question for you . atherton oh , yes ? mrs . simon be that you real hair ? mr . simon well , I wonder that , too . atherton ( struggle for manners ) well , interesting question , when you consider the philosophical aspect of whether anything on television be " real " or actually just a " image " be broadcast . mr . simon do not look real . anyway , listen , I get to get something to eat or I be gonna die . mrs . simon come on , let 's look for something . they start away . mrs . simon ( cont would ) I see over there one of the kid be do a experiment with insect protein . mr . simon do you see anyone do anything with corn beef ? they exit . atherton you parent ... mitch yes ? atherton they're ... nice mitch they're okay . they just sometimes do not have any idea of what I be talk about . atherton I be sure of that . afraid you be go to miss you friend ? mitch no . I do not have any . I think I intimidate other kid . atherton good boy . mitch I do not want to . atherton remember , compare to you , most people have the iq of a carrot . we be different than most people , Mitch , but you should be proud of that . I mean , look around . from now on , you will be amongst peer , colleague . I suppose I might as well tell you now , I have put you on my personal research team . some of the finest mind on campus , not the least of which be , of course , my own . mitch it sound great . atherton well , now , I be expect great thing from you , my boy . this be only the second time I have give this honor to a freshman . the first be ... mitch Chris kinsley . atherton you know Chris ? mitch no , but he 's a legend in the physics Club . atherton well , you be go to become a legend yourself . you will be work with Chris . he 's a senior now but he 's still on the team and still as brilliant as ever . mitch wow . int . pacific electronics instruments-day we see CHRIS kinsley , Chris have on he head a pair of that jiggling antennae- like thing . we pull back to revel that he be on a tour of the facility . a huge hanger - like room fill with worker construct and assemble scientific instrument . this place have the look and feel of the Big time . worker put the finish touch on a communication satellite . pass through this disneyland of Science be a well - dress executive . ROBERT jensen , who be guide Chris on the tour . Chris be herald as one of the smartest people to ever enter Pacific tech . he prove to be even smarter than many of he professor . he also prove to be one of the most outrageous people to ever enter Pacific tech . he antic be legend . unimpress with authority , pomposity and bullshit in general . , Chris dress on the sloppy side of life . currently he 's wear a sport jacket that 's see better day , over a fade sweatshirt that have the logo " I ? toxic waste . " they approach a second executive / scientist , mike dodd , who be wear a lab coat , and a beautiful public relation executive name sherry nugil , who be also wear a lab coat but in a whole new way . jensen ( as they approach the couple ) guy , I want you to meet Chris kinsley . Chris , this be sherry nugil , my assistant , and Mike dodd . CHRIS Dr. dodd ? jensen he 's the man who just design the new telcom Satellite here . CHRIS I know . Nice to meet you Dr. dodd . be not the telcom raining debris all over Europe ? dodd ( smile , but angry ) that be a launch problem , not a design problem . why be you wear that toy on you head ? Chris take the thing from he head . CHRIS oh , this . sorry , I be worried that people would think I be stuffy , you know , no fun ; all brain , no penis , jensen pardon ? CHRIS I be sorry , it 's just a infantile response to authority . jensen ( confuse ) yes . you be Chris kinsley , be not you ? CHRIS no . well , yes . I mean , I use to be . now I be mhavishnue kinsley . jensen ( relieved ) I see . you be be funny . CHRIS well , I just can not help it . you be such a fun guy yourself . jensen oh yes . I think you will find we all be , right Mike ? dodd no . jensen now Chris , sherry be go to show you around the place . she can answer any question you might have about fringe benefit or dress code or anything and I will see you back upstairs when you be do , okay ? sherry , take good care of this young man . he 's one of the ten finest mind kin the country . CHRIS someday I hope to be two of they . jensen see you later . Jensen and dodd exit . CHRIS you be very beautiful . sherry you do not act like one of the top ten mind in America . CHRIS oh , really ? how many of they have you meet ? sherry ( with a really dirty look in she eye ) Seven . CHRIS really ? sherry you will be eight . six be Professor hostetler at m.i.t. CHRIS Old Professor hostetler ? be not he dead ? sherry he be now . int . another part of the pei facility - alittle later sherry and Chris stare intently into one another 's eye . sherry and so , couple with full insurance coverage and bonus plan , you find it add up to a fairly sizable perk package . CHRIS I have a pretty sizable perk package right now . sherry also , we understand that you people do not care too much for rigid timetable , and that 's pretty rare in private industry . CHRIS so be you . sherry be it true that school of yours keep get smarter and smarter kid every year ? CHRIS yup ! I mean no ! int . yet another part of pei - a little later . sherry you see the funding association be the same . we theoretical work be in the Blue Sky sector as well . CHRIS you have no idea how much I need that kind of continuity in my life right now . int . catwalk above a hugh lab - a little later still sherry you just belong here , Chris . we have several of Dr. atherton 's former student and they be all do quite well with we . CHRIS what number be he ? sherry two . one of he other student be four . CHRIS you be wonderful . sherry I know . CHRIS can we go somewhere ? sherry yes . ext . roof of hanger-dusk the giant dish of a huge radio telescope face heaven . sherry ( o.c ) ( between kiss ) talk smart to I . CHRIS ( o.c . ) what ? angle on CHRIS and sherry they be lie in the middle of the dish . Passion mount , finger cope with belt and button , clothing fall away ; my god , this people be have sex . sherry please I need it . what be you favorite course ? CHRIS I guess right now I would have to say fluid mechanic . sherry oooooooooh ... CHRIS ( respond to something interesting sherry just do with she hip ) and gym . sherry please . CHRIS sorry . sherry what 's you research with artherton ? CHRIS ultra-high power laser as a energy force for fusion . tremendous boon to all mankind . and womankind , too . sherry Fusion , more fusion . CHRIS it 's the process for obtain enormous amount of energy from form of hydrogen , like deuterium and tritium . sherry oh , my God , more . CHRIS extracting the fuel be no problem . sherry hmmmm . CHRIS get they to combine and release the energy be the problem . sherry oohh , yes CHRIS it take temperature of 100 million degree Celsius . sherry oh , God . CHRIS so , I be ... sherry yes . CHRIS ... building ... sherry yes . CHRIS ... a laser ... sherry oh , yes . CHRIS ... that pulse ... sherry hmmmmmmmm . CHRIS ... very hot ... sherry ohhh ... CHRIS ... and cause ... sherry yes . CHRIS ... Fusion ... sherry ahhhhhhhhhhh . ext . pacific tech campus -day it be a impressive campus of older California Spanish building mix with modern architectural marvel . this be the Sunday before the beginning of the Winter term . we pick up mitch simon and follow he as he cross campus . he be wear a tie and jacket , which only add to he general sense of be out of place . he be carry a map which he stop to consult every now and again . he stop a upper classman and ask he a question while point at the map . the older ask he a question while point at the map . the older student take great delight in turn the map right side up . ext . president's house -afternoon the tasteful and elegant official residence of the university 's President . dr . eugene meredith . mitch approach the open front door , where he be greet by mrs . meredith . mitch good afternoon . I be look for ( read from the invitation in he hand ) the President 's freshman tea . mrs . meredith . ( lead he inside ) oh , good . I be so glad we have one then . who be you ? int . the house -continous they pass through on they way to the backyard . mitch Mitch Simon . mrs . meredith . oh yes . you be the special case . I know gene want to meet you . you be just in time for he traditional talk . would you like a glass of sherry ? mitch I be a minor . mrs . meredith . aha , well of course you be . that would explain you height . they exit out onto the patio . ext . the patio and ground of the house -continuous the return freshman class have gather for a social . Mitch be the only one in a tie . he stand on the patio with Mrs. meredith whose husband , the apparently ever- jovial professional academic administrator , be about to speak to the assemble . meredith people , if I might get you attention . the din begin to quiet . meredith ( cont 'd ) welcome back , freshmen ! I take it you all put the Christmas break to good use ? there be good - nature jeer . meredith ( cont 'd ) now , if you will indulge I , I would like to speak seriously for a moment . you will recall that when I welcome you to the Pacific institute of Technology a few short month ago I speak of how we be one of the finest scientific institution in the world . I think the finest . I mention we six Nobel Prize winner , we member of the national Academy of Sciences , and we member of the National Academy of Engineering . this be a intellectual oasis of technological achievement in the dessert of general academic mediocrity we see inmost college and university today . there be some applause and good - nature banter . Mitch be truly move . this environment be exactly what Mitch have hope for all he life . meredith ( cont 'd ) I also speak of the fact that you be the finest freshmen class we have ever have here . there be cheer and applause . meredith ( cont 'd ) I say this to every freshman class . each year we raise we entrance requirement and each year there be a group of student like you who meet and surpass that requirement . almost jubilant cheer and clap . meredith ( cont 'd ) as you have no doubt already notice by now , over a third of you be go . by the end of the year another third of you will have follow they out of eden and into mediocrity . the crowd go deathly silent as meredith continue in he cherry manner . meredith ( cont 'd ) we want only the best . hard work and high standard be expect of everyone . and if you be not up to it Cal tech or m.i.t. might take you , but you do not fit in here . meredith ( cont 'd ) let I remind you that this place be a opportunity , not a right ; a chance not a gift ; a work lunch , not a picnic . welcome back . several waitress begin serve tea but the despair of reality creep over the student and they begin to disperse . Mitch stand wait for the approach Dr. meredith . mrs . meredith gene , this be Mitch Simon . meredith oh , yes , Professor artherton 's bright star . mitch yes , sir . meredith and I understand you be already on he project . I be assure you be go to do great thing . mitch I hope so . meredith let I give you some advice . mitch thank you . meredith do not screw up . mitch okay . I guess I better go now . he walk away . meredith ( watch Mitch with satisfaction ) I think the young people really appreciate my " get down " verbally , do not you ? mrs . meredith absolutely . ext . campus -later once again Mitch , map in hand , must ask another student for direction . this one also turn the map right - side up and then point to the building they be stand in front of . as he head for it he pass a bronze bust of one of the founding father , dr . bradford . the student have decorate he with a muffler , earmuff and carrot nose to look like a snowman . int . applied physics build -moment later Mitch walk down a long corridor . he pass several open door that reveal laboratory with all kind of scientific equipment all over they . Mitch stop in front of a close door . he check the number , then look down at a card in he hand . he turn the card right - side up . he open the door to reveal a darken lab . in the darkness there be a veritable light show of laser beam . a voice call out from the darkness . voice ( o.c . ) hey ! mitch yes ? voice ( o.c . ) come in here . int . lab-continuous Mitch enter quickly and shut the door behind himself . in the instrument glow we can make out the form of three other student . they be : kent , carter and bodie , member of Dr. atherton 's research team . kent just leave the sandwich and go . mitch I ? kent no , yoda ; yeah , you . mitch I do not have any ah ... carter brain ? mitch no , sandwich . kent well then , what good be you ? carter what be we suppose to eat ? mitch ( get a little feed up ) how about my short . kent hey ! who do you think you be talk to ? the laser snap off and the light snap on . the glare be a little intense at first . kent ( cont 'd ) be you from the restaurant or not ? with the light on we get a chance to have a better look at the team . Kent be a elitist , intellectual snob with very little imagination who like to think of himself as atherton 's protégé . he wear brace on he tooth because he know how important a proper smile can be in the marketplace . mitch no. I be Mitch Simon . I be a student . Dr. atherton tell I to come up here . kent oh , you be the new stud , be you . or be it dud ? mitch how do you mean ? bodie stud . hot shot . Brain . you be the twelve - year- old , right ? mitch I be fifteen . carter do you body know that ? Mitch attempt a good - nature laugh . it 's not a great attempt . mitch be you expect he or ... kent sure . can I get you something ? a balloon ? mitch be any of you guy Chris kinsley ? they all freeze . kent no , thank God . carter hey Kent , I hear kinsley get that pei job all lock up . kent damn ! I want that job . mitch why ? kent why ? because it start at fifty thousand a year , that 's why . plus travel , car , stock option ... mitch oh . well , I be suppose to have a look at you work up to date . check it over . kent check it over . mitch yes . kent for what ? mitch mistake , I guess . he say you guy be stick . the room go rigid . evidently this little punk of a upstart need to be tell what Christ die for . kent let 's get something very clear here . everything you have hear about the supportive student body and the honor code might hold for the rest of the campus , but it do not count for squat in here . which mean when jerry 's not here , you do what I say . from God to Jerry to I , get it ? atherton enter . kent ( cont 'd ) hi Jerry . atherton I have tell you before , Kent , you do not get to use my first name . kent do I ? atherton ( to Mitch ) good to see you , Mitch . atherton ( cont 'd ) ( to the group ) I be sure you be all go to become fast friend . kent we be well on we way already . atherton good , because after Mitch be bring up to date , I want the rest of you to take you cue from he . he will be in charge of the group . kent what ? I mean , good choice , Jerry . atherton you be do it again , Kent . kent be I ? atherton where 's Chris ? kent he do not bother to come in today . bodie he say he do not feel like it ; and then I say ' you better ' ; and then he say ' or what ? ' ; and then I say ' or he would get the heck , ' and then he say ' jam it , it 's Sunday ' and he look for God on Sunday ; so I say ' okay , but I be tell . ' atherton thank you bodie . I notice you have stop stutter . bodie yes , I have be give myself some sock treatment and it 's work . atherton good . ( to Mitch ) I be sorry he be not here . I want you to meet you hero . carter hero ? that clown ? look at this . he point to a table full of laser equipment comprise of various angle mirror and gas camber and drib unit . the other gather around it . carter ( cont would ) we hear he be not come in . Kent and I figure we would go ahead and run he section without he . and we start get picosecond rating that be not even in the ballpark . kent it look like it will take at least a week to be - do all this and start again . Mitch be carefully study the equipment and check some note that be on the table . kent ( cont 'd ) another costly mistake . atherton be you sure ? carter positive . kent positive . mitch ( read from note ) negative . ( innocently , to Carter and Kent ) there 's a mistake all right , but I think you guy make it . look , you invert the last two step . carter ( grab the note ) I do not make mistake ... ( read ) ... usually . atherton damnit , do not touch other people 's thing . mitch ( adjust the equipment ) this should not take too long to fix . atherton I be glad that you be here , Mitch . kent yes , thanks for point out Carter 's mistake , Mitch . atherton do not bother with that now . I be sure you want to go get settle . mitch ( relieved ) well , it have be kind of a long day . atherton start to leave . atherton oh , I forget Kent , I need you help . kent anything , Jerry . atherton stop it . kent what ? atherton get copy make of everything so young Mitch here can get start check everything tomorrow . kent my pleasure . atherton and then , on you way back , stop at my cleaner . kent do not give it a think . I enjoy it . atherton ( to Mitch ) shall we ? mitch sure . atherton exit , follow by Mitch . bodie I guess it go from God to Jerry to you to the cleaner , right Kent ? ext . dorm hall - late afternoon Mitch enter the arched column portico of this dormitory building . int . room the room be small , cramped , and more than a little dishevel . pei , NASA and science fiction poster hang on the ceiling and wall , over and around one of the two bed . junk food and soft drink container be litter everywhere . in one corner be a fully - stock frito Lay chip display . Mitch cross to he bed and sit . he be exhaust and depressed . the door open and Mitch see a strange , tall , bulkily - build , hermit-look kind of a guy enter . he be carry a McDonald 's bag . he stop when he see Mitch and stare at he in a quirky way for a second , then cross to the closet , open the door and exit into it . mitch hello ? get no response , Mitch rise , go to the closet , open it and look in . mitch hello ? there be no one there . mitch what kind of place be this ? Mitch cross to he luggage . he open a bag and , to he surprise , he find it empty . he then look in the other bag and find they have all be clean out . puzzle , he shut the bag . suddenly , the door swing open and CHRIS kinsley , who we see earlier at pei , enter . he 's drag a large piece of mechanical equipment . it be , in fact , a baseball pitching machine . CHRIS hi. Mitch stare . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) hey , you just gonna sit there admire the room or be you go to help I with this ? mitch what be this thing ? CHRIS it 's a penis stretcher . you want to try it out ? mitch no ! CHRIS oh really ? well , congratulation , then , no , it 's a Iron Mike . mitch what ? CHRIS a baseball pitching machine . Chris be set it up . mitch I be here for a second this morning ... CHRIS ( frighten ) you do not straighten the place up , do you ? mitch ( look around at the mess ) no . CHRIS good . ' Cause all my filth 's in alphabetical order . Chris put on a baseball cap and grab a bat . mitch anyway , I drop off my luggage and now all my bag be empty . a ball be pitch . Chris connect and the ball smashes through the window . CHRIS I put you stuff away for you . another pitch . he smashes a ball into a wall . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) it 's all in the bottom drawer . shirt , pants , underwear , shoe . I have a little trouble with you sport jacket , so I throw it out . Nah , only kid . this one 's for you , little johnny . he whacks another pitch . he do a crowd cheer and circle the basis . CHRIS what a game . I be Chris kinsley . mitch oh , no . int . moving car - same time Dr. atherton be riding in a rental car with don carmichael , a government contract monitor . this two guy be part of a old boy network involved with research and development . carmichael we be fall way behind , jer. atherton well , we be not make cheese sandwich here , you know , Don . carmichael that 's a good one . I will have to remember to use that , jer . atherton the new boy be quick . carmichael he better be because the company need a practical work model within four month . atherton you can not dictate innovation . carmichael let I put this another way , jer . you know all that money we have be spend for development ? atherton yes carmichael well , when a project get cut off , the finance boy always run a audit . atherton I see . the car pull up to atherton 's house , where there be a great deal of construction go on . once the work be complete , this be go to be beautifully restore , rather large victorian home . carmichael ( look out ) have a little work do on the old place , be you ? look nice . int . mitch room -that night Mitch be gather up some book . he look at a chart on the wall . mitch Library ... library ...205 . the door to the room open while Mitch be look the other way . we catch a glimpse of the same tall , bulkily - build man open Mitch 's closet door and disappear inside . Mitch turn just in time to see the door close . he go into it , open it and look inside . nothing . he go to the door of he room . Mitch open the door , step into the hall and slip , landing on he ass . his book go fly . int . hallway the hall floor be cover with ice wall - to- wall . skate music be play on a cassette somewhere . a few student , dress for winter , be skate . Chris skate over and help Mitch to he foot . CHRIS welcome to Pacific tech 's " smart people on Ice . " he whirl away , leaping from wall to wall , slide quickly down the ice . he stop in front of a short , roly - poly kid of japanese descent , MARK ickagami , better know as ick . ick be a bio-chemist who spend a great deal of time in he lab experiment with various fun compound that do thing range from make artificial ice to increase memory . CHRIS ( with a proletariat accent ) Ice turn out real good , ick . ick yeah , it work . , do not it ? CHRIS what do you use ? ick ( teasing ) oh , sure , I tell you then you tell somebody else , and the next thing you know we be in the middle of another ice age . CHRIS ( yell down the hall ) come on , people . nobody 's skate . a student ( o.c . ) just ' cause you be a slack , kinsley . CHRIS mole and troll . mitch what ? CHRIS mole and troll . work , work , work , work . I plan this for week . I go to a lot of trouble and all they want to do be study . I be hurt . I know that 's it 's not like I but I be sorry . I be start to get discourage , people . we have nobody at the mutant hamster race , one entry in the Madame curie look - alike contest , and he be disqualified later . why do I even bother ? Chris skate off . mitch ( to ick ) how do he do it ? ick well , I be not a expert , but I think he put one foot in front of the other and push . mitch not skate . the horsing around . the never study . I know he 's smart . but nobody 's that smart . ick I do not know how smart he be . before he even come here he invent a solar battery , which laid the groundwork for the system that provide the energy for amarillo , at half the cost . he would be a millionaire today if he be smart enough to make they pay for it . how he pull the grade , I do not know . just then , roaring down the hall , face down on a sled , come jordan cochran . she be a advanced engineering student with great theoretical and mechanical skill who can never seem to pitch energy of a hyper-kinetic kindergarten class . she crash at Mitch 's foot . he reach down to help she . mitch you okay ? jordan no , not emotionally , no I be not . I be disappointed ... not terribly , but still , it should have go much , further , much faster . it 's okay , though , I know what the problem be , that 's simple , it 's obviously the drag coefficient , I will just have to re-design the blade . I can do that , that 's easy . I can do that here ; but I have to cut then after they be design , that take tool , that take time . how long be this stuff go to last , do you know ? ick maybe another half a hour . jordan that 's great , that 's good . I can do that , no problem , lot of time . ( to Mitch ) what 's you name ? mitch Mitch jordan thanks for the help . see you . and in a flash she be go . mitch you welcome . ( to ick ) who be that ? ick that ? that be ... Jordan rush back . jordan ( to Mitch ) I be Jordan , I realize I would forget to tell you my name , it 's Jordan . I hear there be go to be someone new this term , be you a freshman ? mitch yes . jordan do you have a bed ? mitch yeah . jordan oh , I be go to make you one if you need it but you do not so that 's okay . well , I gotta go , I will see you later , probably . see you ick , see you Mitch . as she race off , kent enter carry several binder . kent what 's all this suppose to be ? CHRIS this ? this be new kind of shovel . Mitch find this very funny and react accordingly by laugh . Kent can not stand to be laugh at . kent ( dump the binder into Mitch 's hand ) this should keep you busy for awhile . this , plus you regular class load should turn you brain to mush in a month . mitch aw ! Kent , we be go to name you King of the Winter Carnival . kent ha ha . ( to ick ) I suppose you be in on this , too . do you make this stuff ? ick I be not say . kent who 's go to clean it up ? ick do not have to . it 's go to go from solid form directly to gas . kent ( impressed by this fairly uncommon phenomenon ) really ? what be it ? ick I be not say . but I can tell you that it 's fairly rare , and very unstable . kent you be all a bunch of degenerate . CHRIS we be ? what about that time I catch you naked with a bowl of jello ? kent ( flustered ) i...you ... I be hot and I be hungry . and anyway ... look , kinsley , you be not number one anymore . CHRIS number one what ? kent ( point to Mitch ) mighty mouse , here , beat you placement score by over twenty point . CHRIS really ? I guess you think you be pretty hot stuff ? mitch ( uncomfortable , unsure if this be real ) well ...no , I mean CHRIS hey ! maybe you be smarter than I , but , can you do this ? Chris push himself off backwards and slide along the ice in a attempt at a fancy figure skate move . just as he 's about to finish he crash to the floor at the precise moment that the floor turn into a cloud of rise gas . Chris disappear in the cloud . ick ( excited ) it work ! mitch that 's neat . ick ( teasing ) now if we can just keep it from explode . Kent run away . CHRIS ( from inside the grow cloud ) hey , ick . be it okay to breathe this stuff ? ( beat ) ick ? ( beat ) ick ? the cloud fill the screen . int . CHRIS and mitch room - the next morning perfect morning light stream through the window , make even this dump look beautiful . Chris be asleep in a strange position on he bed , prove that even asleep he be eccentric . we Pan across the room to Mitch . he have obviously fall asleep while read the binder that Kent have give he the night before . we hear the sound of the door open , follow by some heavy footstep . this cause Mitch to wake up . it take he a second to realize where he be . he sit up . mitch Pov again we catch just a glimpse of that same mysterious figure open the closet door . he be hold a " McDonald 's " bag . he close the door behind he . angle on mitch to say the least , he 's throw by this strange intrusion . mitch hello ? he wait a beat , listen . nothing happen so he get up and cross to the closet , look inside . over mitch shoulder into closet there 's nothing in there but clothes . Mitch push the garment aside and find just a wall . angle on mitch he shake he head . this be get frustrating . he exit the room . int . bathroom Mitch cross to the urinal . just as he be about to relieve himself , the door open . Jordan enter . this be a experience Mitch have never before and as a result he be one uncomfortable fifteen - year-old . jordan hi , good morning , I think I see you come in here , you must be a earlier riser , we meet last night , I be Jordan , remember ? I have a sled with I , I make you a sweater . she hold out a sweater . he lean into the urinal , try to hide himself the best he can . mitch last night ? jordan yeah , it 's just something I do with my hand while I be read . I hope I get the size right , I be pretty sure I do , I have a brother so I use he as a size comparison , and I have a pretty good eye for that sort of thing , so I just go ahead and make you one because I be , you know , up . peeing ? mitch yeah . jordan I never sleep . I do not know why . it drive my roommate nut . I mean really nut , they have to take she away in a ambulance and everything , she 's okay now think but she have to be transfer to a easier school but I do not know if that part have anything to do with be my fault , but still , anyway , if you ever want any help study at night or just let I know , okay , ' cause I be just a couple of door down from you guy and I be usually up and I would not mind , okay ? mitch thanks , I will . jordan be you finish yet ? mitch I can not start . jordan because I be here ? mitch I think so . jordan be not that weird ? well , I have to go . mitch I , too . jordan right , well , do not forget what I say , I will put the sweater in you room , see you later , tell Chris that if he want one I will be happy to make he one but nit today because after class I be go to rebuild the back part of my room , you should come down and see it later , I have to go , bye . she exit . mitch ( stunne ) bye . int . the lobby area of the dorm - a little later Mitch be come down a hallway into the area . he be dress in he tie and jacket and have book under he arm . as he cross past the self - serve vend machine he spot Chris enter the kitchen . Mitch follow he inside . mitch something strange happen to I this morning . CHRIS be it a dream where you see yourself dress up in kind of sun god robe stand on top of a pyramid with all these nude woman throw little pickle at you ? mitch no CHRIS why be I the only person who have that dream ? before Mitch can ask another question , Chris open the freezer compartment and take out a large thermos - like container . he take it over to the cut board , then take from he pocket a pair of caliper , a pair of tweezers , and a little box that look like a dental floss kit . he open the container which immediately start pour thick steam . mitch liquid nitrogen ? Chris use caliper to extract a length of tub from inside the container . he put it down on the board and , use the tweezers , push out a cylindrical mound of ice from inside the tube . then , from the dental floss kit , he pull out a length of very fine wire , which he use to cut the ice into a number of thin " coin " and slide then into the lid of the container , which he pick up and take out the door with he . Mitch follow . int . vending machine area CHRIS coffee ? use the tweezers , Chris pick up a ice coin and put it into one of the machine . there be a high -pitch squeak . to Mitch 's astonishment , the machine accept the bogus money and a cup drop down and fill with coffee . CHRIS so , what 's happen ? mitch oh . there 's a guy live in we closet . CHRIS you have see he too ? Chris put he coin in several of the machine and retrieve from they junk food junky 's treasure trove of goody . mitch who be it ? CHRIS hopsfield . mitch be he ... safe ? CHRIS so far . Chris exit . Mitch stare after he . school montage : a quick series of shot move we through the next two month of time , accompany by a original song . int . lecture hall -day a older professor be lecture , point to a complicated algebraic problem on a blackboard , Mitch be in the last row of this student - fill , multi-tier classroom . everyone else listen intently and make note while Mitch thumb quickly through a textbook , then close it and make a note in a loose - leaf binder . int . atom smasher room-day Mitch stand with a group of other student watch a instructor explain the intricacy of nuclear fission . Mitch open a notebook and start write furiously . int . atherton' project lab -day Mitch be use he note and some piece of equipment to explain something to the rest of the team . Chris be impressed . Kent shake he head in disagreement until atherton nod he approval , at which point Kent also agree . int . CHRIS and mitch room - night it be late but Mitch be still hard at the book . hopsfield go by and disappear in the closet . Mitch do not even notice anymore . there be a knock at the door and Jordan enter . she have bring Mitch a device that she just build which hold textbooks and turn the page automatically . int . lecture hall -day Mitch , dress more informally , be in the same room with the same professor as in scene 54 . this time , however , there be several empty seat . the people have be replace by cassette tape recorder . Mitch take note . int . chemical engineering lab -day Mitch enter with another student to find a teddy bear wait for he at he place . int . atherton' lab - night Mitch and Chris work alone . it be obviously very late . use a variety of exotic-looking device , they put the laser through its pace and make note . int . lectrure hall -day this time , Mitch be the only student . tape recorder sit in front of every seat . the professor drone on , apparently oblivious to what he see in front of he . int . wave tank room -day a very attractive instructress be demonstrate a dye trace experiment in a huge wave tank . Mitch take note . int . dine hall Mitch and ick be carry trays of food , look for a place to sit . they pass a seat Kent , who point out a place for Mitch , who look to see a highchair at the end of the table . ext . library-morning Mitch come down the stair with several book under he arm . he stumble and drop one of the book . as he struggle to recover it , it be hand to he by none other than hopsfield . by the time Mitch realize who it be , the mysterious figure be once again go . ext . street-day Mitch be crossing the street carry a huge load of book . suddenly a yellow citroen pull up behind he and honk its horn cause Mitch to drop everything . he look at the driver and see that it be a laugh Kent . int . atherton' classroom Chris , Kent , bodie and Carter be present as atherton wrap up a day 's class . people take serious note . Chris read a magazine . people file out and Mitch enter approach Chris to get he to work on the laser . Chris shake he head . int . atherton' lab -late night Mitch be work alone . he adjust the laser and turn it on . it burn through a very thick block of wood , but Mitch be still not pleased . int . hallway - next morning a very tired Mitch head for the lecture hall . he come to the door , open it and enter to see a tape recorder lecture to a roomful of tape recorder . int . CHRIS and mitch room -another night in need of a break from study , Mitch go to the closet in hope of figure out how to open the wall . he examine the wall and the floor and look , for hide switch or secret mechanism , all to no avail . as he 's about to give up , the closet door swing close . when it close , the wall open to reveal a small elevator- like cage . Mitch step in and the cage descend . it hit a lever and stop . but before Mitch step in and the can get off , it begin to move sideways , trigger another pulley , and go down again into the steam tunnel , then drag along the floor and stop . Mitch get out . it 's spooky . in the distance there be a glow of light . Mitch go forward until he can see the home of hopsfield . it 's a very utilitarian example of life on the edge , with all the comfort . at the console of a amazing , hand - build computer sit amazing hopsfield . Mitch watch in awe from the darkness . int . atherton' lab-day there be a experiment in progress . a large laser be building up a energy load . atherton , Kent , bodie , Carter , and Mitch monitor various piece of equipment . thing hum and click and there be a sense that something big be go to happen . atherton seem pleased , while Mitch seem troubled . suddenly , a valve blow and a stream of liquid nitrogen hiss from a hose , spew frost over everything . everyone jump for switch and they shut the experiment down . carter ( check the valve ) it 's nothing . it 's just mechanical . atherton good . do not bother change it . I want you and bodie to rebuild the whole unit ; same output in half the size . should hold up , right Mitch ? mitch sure , as long as we go with h.f. atherton well , gentleman , now what ? thing be go okay so far , be not they ? kent they certainly be in my area , Jerry . atherton ( warning ) kent kent ( unaware ) yes ? mitch Boy , when I think of all the application for this ...! atherton ( cover ) we have get enough theory to deal with without talk application . you just worry about give I that power breakthrough . how close be you ? kent ( gloat ) not very , from what I hear . atherton ( to Mitch ) be not you and Chris work together ? mitch yes ...but ... atherton where be Mr. kinsley ? kent ( anxious to get Chris in trouble ) he 's outside . Kent go to the window and shout down . kent ( cont 'd ) ( shouting ) kinsley ! Dr. atherton want you . ext . lab build -medium close on CHRIS - waist up he 's sit on a chaise lounge with a stack of encyclopedias , sip a beer . CHRIS come . pull out to reveal that the chaise lounge have balloon tie to each corner . Chris dump a volume from he lap and the chaise rise straight up in the air . angel on atherton and CHRIS - framed by the window Chris hover in mid-air . atherton what be you do out there ? CHRIS float , sir . and think . atherton ( fume ) I want to see you at my house at six o'clock . sharp . CHRIS sound fun . should I bring anything ? atherton how about a proper attitude for a change ? CHRIS I will try and borrow one . now , if you will excuse I , there be million of boy and girl everywhere wait for I to bring they present . Ho ho ho . he hand atherton a volume and float from view . int . lab atherton , Mitch and Kent stand at the window , watch Chris ascend . kent he 's really push it , be not he , Jerry ? angle on mitch he smile as he watch he roommate and friend float off . ext . atherton' house -early evening the restoration work be reach completion and the house be look pretty beautiful . a small crew of workmen paint and do other finish work . Chris be sit on the porch , watch . he be eat a very large puff of popcorn from a bag . we see atherton return from he daily jog . he be deck out in a expensive designer jogging suit and have all the appropriate accessory . he also have all the silly habit of the trendy runner for cool down and stretch . CHRIS you want to see I , you joggingness ? atherton Mr. kinsley . right on time . what a surprise . do you run ? CHRIS only when chase . atherton what be you eat ? CHRIS it 's one of mark 's ickagami 's experiment . he 's be irradiate corn with strontium . it 's he hobby ; big food . atherton that 's popcorn ? CHRIS it 's big popcorn . atherton ( over reacting ) get it away from I . I can not stand it . I hate popcorn . leave it there . Chris put the bag down on the porch . CHRIS okay . have you ever consider switch to de - caffeinate coffee ? atherton lead Chris to the front door , where he remove he shoe and then stand and wait until Chris do the same . they proceed into the house . int . atherton' house - continuous the interior be immaculate . a classic example of elegant good taste . atherton be fastidiously protective of he thing . atherton I want to start see a lot more of you in the lab . CHRIS you want I to work nude ? atherton very funny , you be a major disappointment to I , Chris . CHRIS and you to I , Jerry . atherton ( angry ) we have a deal ! CHRIS and I advanced you project more than any three guy on campus . atherton that be yesterday . what have you do for I today ? CHRIS hey , be not you get a little obsessive about this ? I take in the new kid . he 's work he gut out for you . atherton you arrogant , disrespectful behavior be distracting he . if you keep it up , you be go to pay for it . CHRIS hey , I be out of here . delenda est cartheo . p.e.i. July one . atherton you still have to pass , dear boy , and consider the fact that my class be a requisite , it would seem that I would have some control over you destiny . from now on , you and Mr. Simon be go to spend every waking moment work on my power problem and you will solve it by my deadline . CHRIS okay , Jerry , but I really think you should see a analyst . Chris exit . atherton watch he go . int . atherton' lab - night Mitch be alone and try to work on the new , smaller laser . he look tired and upset . he tinker around for a while , then go back to he table and look at he note . nothing seem to make sense anymore . Chris enter with a beaker in he hand . CHRIS hi . do I a favor , taste this . Mitch be confuse . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) come on , you will not hurt my feeling . mitch I ... Chris ram the spoon in he mouth . CHRIS well , too sweet ? Mitch make a face . mitch what be it ? CHRIS beat I . I just find it in one of the lab . mitch aggghh !! CHRIS come on . I be just pull you leg . how be you do ? mitch I be stick . Dr. atherton say we have get to miniaturize the power supply and you be not help . CHRIS lighten up . it 's only a laser . Chris go to the laser . Mitch be annoyed . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) instead of try to take that roomful of capacitor over there and put new perspective . charge this baby up . everything you have get . mitch what for ? CHRIS you will see . go Mitch go next door . Chris , meanwhile , measure a certain distant from the floor and mount a mirror on the wall above he head . he then move to the laser and reposition it to shoot at the mirror . Mitch return and make some adjustment to a control panel . mitch all set , I think . CHRIS do it . Mitch throw a switch . immediately , a loud electrical hum fill the air . Chris go over and open the door to the hall and glance leave . chris' Pov a roomful of capacitor load . ext . the campus - night the light twinkle from various building . we hear the hum ext . the campus - night the light twinkle from various building . we hear the hum grow . mitch ( v.o . ) what be you do now ? CHRIS ( v.o . ) make hamburger . suddenly , there be several loud snap and all the light on campus go off at once as the power overload blow the sub station fuse . mitch ( v.o . ) oh , no ! int . the lab in darkness CHRIS relax , it 's just the fuse at the sub station . they will have it back on in a second . more importantly , do we get a charge ? suddenly there be a loud " crack " and the laser send out a beam across the room , bounce off the mirror on the wall. , out the door , where it hit another mirror and disappear from sight . mitch wow ! ext . the campus -continuous the beam have form a web of light across the darken campus . the effect be quite spectacular . people look in awe . Chris and Mitch exit the physics building . CHRIS follow the yellow brick road . mitch have you ever consider the fact that you be completely waste you life ? CHRIS constantly . the light on campus come back on as Chris and Mitch continue to follow the beam . int . wave tank build a open window above the door let the beam of light enter . Chris and Mitch enter . int . hallway-continuous Chris and Mitch walk down a stairway through a open door , follow the beam . int . wave tank room-continuous the place have be turn into a indoor waikiki . the beam have be direct into a hood -shape device that have split it into enough ray to cook a bunch of hot dog and hamburger on a improvise barbeque , manage by ick , who be dress for the beach and wear a welding mask . past he we can see that there about twenty girl and some guy present . several of they be water -skie on the mechanically produce wave inside the tank , tow by a elaborate pulley system . other be frolick on the " beach " and cut out palm stand around , achieve the desire effect . blanket have be laid out and girl sit on they eat hot dog and talk . there be sun lamp set up in one area and some kid be smoothing sun tan oil and shagging a few ray . rock music fill the room . ick ( lift he mask ) aloha . angle on the doorway a lot of the guy we have see around the dorm have start to arrive . they enter hesitantly at Chris 's urging . CHRIS come on in , boy . surf 's up . awestruck , shy but excited , they approach . cornell ( a nerdy student ) I have a geochemistry test tomorrow and I do not feel adequately prepare . CHRIS but the main thing be you look good . cornell thanks . milton what if we end up have too much fun and end up fail ? CHRIS and would that be the end of the world . milton ? milton yes , it would . CHRIS yeah , you be right . maybe you should go back to the library . milton well , maybe I could just look for a minute . cornell ( notice ) be that girl ? CHRIS I have not have they all test yet , Cornell , but so far so good . mitch who be they ? milton they be not from here . I would know . CHRIS no , no they be not , they be from a nearby college though . mitch which one ? CHRIS the wanda trossler School of beauty . mitch they be beautician ? CHRIS not yet . cornell gee , I do not know ... CHRIS they will teach you . let 's get serious here , lad . there be 670 guy at pacific tech and 136 girl . milton a ratio of 4.93 to 1 CHRIS good , milton . of the 136 girl , most of they can find guy a lot better than you . cornell oh , easily . CHRIS this girl be not use to geniuse . you might impress they . cornell I do not see how . CHRIS let I put this another way . give the type of people you be and the environment you be in , you guy have to admit the strong probability that this may be the only chance you will ever get in you entire life to have sex . there be a pause while everyone consider the hypothesis . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) think about it . he turn and head into the party . after a beat , everyone except Mitch follow Chris 's lead . angle on various activity - a little later water-skieng , dance , a volleyball game . most of the guy be make a effort to socialize . Mitch watch quietly . angle on milton talking to a girl over by the SUN lamp . vivian so , what do you guy do ? just be smart all the time ? milton well ... vivian what 's you major ? milton astrophysics . vivian be that like sport medicine ? milton Space . vivian ( impressed ) oh ! let I ask you something about that . if I be on the moon , could I like tease hair much higher ? milton theoretically . vivian this be fascinating . angle on another guy name fenton and a girl . they be neck . connie my friend Evelyn , tell I that brilliant man be the best lover . fenton I would say that 's true . connie up to now , what 's be you ultimate sexual experience ? fenton I once fall off a ladder and land on my sister , bernice . angle on connell , and a girl in the tank . they both bob up out of the water . Cornell still have he glass on . he take they off and can not see . louisa why do you wear that glass ? cornell so I can see . louisa but you look very sexy without they . reflexively he break he glass in he hand . angle on milton and vivian . he rub suntan oil on she back milton I really should be study . vivian I too . I have a bleach final tomorrow . milton ( sneezing ) achew . vivian bless you . milton I be allergic to suntan oil . vivian maybe you should stop . milton ( arouse ) I do not think I can angle on cornell and louisa . they be sit on the " beach " toweling off . louisa ( very sexy ) you know , I read in the Enquirer that woman pay twenty thousand dollar for the sperm of a genius . cornell really ? louisa ( put she arm around he ) I have got twenty buck ? cornell do you have a cup ? angle on mitch the party be in full swing and most of the guy have become very comfortable . some be make out . Mitch now seem like the only one leave out . he see a pretty girl just come out of the water . she adjust she top . Mitch wander over to she . mitch ( with great effort ) hi. tammy hi. mitch I be watch you ... swim . tammy yes ? mitch I be think of maybe go for a swim myself . tammy yeah ? be this the kiddy pool ? she exit , leave Mitch devastate . he go and sit in a corner . meanwhile , Chris be look around proudly . it 's obvious he do not see what just happen to Mitch . he smile at the fun everyone be have . a girl pass he eat a hamburger . CHRIS do not eat that ! KIMBERLY huh ? CHRIS do not you know eat that stuff can give you very large breast ? ( mock despair ) oh . my god ! I see I be too late . she laugh . he put he arm around she and they walk off . as Chris and kimberly exit , we catch a glimpse of a face in a window . we push in to see Kent , spying . int . classroom -same time ( but appear to be day ) OPEN tight on atherton 's face . he look odd , as there be kleenex tissue stick out from he shirt collar . a hand come into frame , hold a pancake makeup puff , and start apply it to he face . atherton Christ , Don . I be do the best I can . you act like I do not want my own invention to work . there be only so many hour in a day . camera pull back carmichael I agree . and what 's more important , massage you ego on television explain the digestive system of a rabbit to the great unwash or " project crossbow " makeupman off-hand , I would say television . atherton ( angrily to make up man ) just get rid of the crow ' foot ! ( to carmichael carefully ) there 's nothing more important than " crossbow , " but when go from blue sky to black you turn into bigfoot . the stage manager approach . stage manager ready to go , Dr. atherton . he exit . atherton push I do not help . you tell they that . he walk away . there be definitely no love between they . atherton ( cont 'd ) ( under he breath ) Son of a bitch . carmichael ( under he breath ) asshole . angle on atherton as he walk over to the cue card man and check through the card . kent enter in a rush . kent I have something to ... atherton ( cut he off ) do you pick up my dry clean ? kent yes I do ... there 's something you should know . atherton the gravy stain ? kent no , that come out . ( very pleased ) Chris and Mitch be not work . they be at a party . atherton begin to seethe . atherton I want to show I where , right after I be finish here . kent ( all smile ) my pleasure . stage manager in five ... four ... Kent forget to move . atherton shove he off . we hear a off-stage crash . stage manager ( cont 'd ) ...three ...two ...and ... we push in on nearby monitor . the show 's logo come on , along with its theme music . announcer ( v.o. ) welcome to " science , " with you host , Dr. jerome atherton . funded by ... a new card show on the monitor . announcer ( v.o. ) ... a grant from Pacific electric Instruments . pei . and now , Dr. atherton . atherton appear on the monitor . angle on atherton in the studio he smile broadly and read from the cue card . atherton good evening . tonight we be go to look at something most of we take for grant ... the colon . what 's it look like ? kent wander by in the background . int . wave tank room - later that night the party be still go strong . angle on jordan she toss a volleyball up into the air in a one - woman game of catch . Mitch approach forlornly . jordan wanna play ? mitch I be not very ... he get smacked in the head by the ball . mitch ( cont 'd ) sure , all right . through the follow , Mitch and Jordan volley the ball between they . jordan some party , huh ? mitch I guess . ( hesitant ) how come you be not ... jordan neck ? mitch well ... jordan I be not gay . mitch ( embarrassed ) I do not ... I would not even ... jordan look , I be seventeen . I be brilliant , and I be hyper kinetic . guy be a little afraid of I , you know . it will pass ... I hope . angle on mitch mitch ( softly ) I think you be very nice . Mitch get smashed on the head with the ball , send he glass fly . suddenly , atherton burst into the room , follow closely by Kent . atherton ( see Mitch ) Simon ! he pass the tape deck and snap it off . everything come to a stop as atherton head for Mitch , all eye train on the pend drama . atherton you be suppose to be in the lab tonight . kent ( chime in ) be not you ! mitch I be and ... atherton you be at Pacific tech to work , not to behave like a philistine . kent that 's right ! mitch I be work , I ... atherton where 's kinsley . I imagine this be he idea . kent no doubt ! atherton ( annoyed ) Kent ! kent ( stiffening ) yes ? atherton ( to Mitch , very angry ) I take a big chance recommend a fifteen - year-old . I guess I make a mistake . I hope you be proud of yourself . Kent be in seventh heaven as atherton turn and head for the door . as they exite , they pass Cornell and he date . cornell Dr. atherton ? atherton what ! cornell be you wear makeup ? atherton can only stare in he rage . louisa be it too try and hide that crow ' foot ? he growl and exit . angle on mitch he be truly at a loss in the face of this cruelty . everyone be stare at he . he run out the door . angle on jordan she watch Mitch go , feel very badly for he int . atherton' lab - the next night Mitch , tired , look like a kid who 's be work for hour , be stare at a formula on the blackboard . frustrate , he throw he screwdriver against it in anger and run into the adjacent room and begin disconnect the capacitor bank . int . lab hallway -early morning Kent , bodie and Carter cross toward the lab . just then , Mitch come out . he look exhaust and very upset . as he pass Kent , he turn away from he stare . kent ( mock concern ) gee , he look depressed . the other guy yuk it up . they turn and watch Mitch go into atherton 's office down the hall . they follow in time to hear : mitch ( o.s. ) I would like to make a collect call to Mrs. Bill Simon . Kent 's eye light up with a idea . int . atherton' office Mitch be on the phone . he 's very upset . mitch I know , but I do not like it here anymore . I want to live at home with you ... ( reluctant ) yeah , and dad . I want to go back to high school . I - dad do what ? rented out my room ? ... well , why can not Mr. echevarria and I share it ?... please , mar , I want to come home . int . kenta lab - tight on a mini tape recorder its reel be spin . it 's be hold up to a telephone receiver . mitch ( v.o. / filter ) ( cry ) please let I come home . I do not want to stay here . widen to reveal Kent hold the recorder as cater and bodie watch . the workbench area in Kent 's lab be cover with a drop cloth . Kent chuckle as mitch plead with he mother . int . dorm hall -dining room - next morning the dorm population be eat they breakfast . Kent and he unholy two be smugly down they " shred wheat " Mitch be alone off in the corner . it 's obvious he have not sleep . Chris enter and cross to Kent . a waitress , middle - age , be serve coffee . CHRIS Kent ... let 's never fight like that again . kent what ? CHRIS we have be lover too long to have a silly argument come between we . the waitress stare disgustedly at Kent . kent Chris ... CHRIS please . do not speak . you be right . tonight I will wear the cowboy suit . CHRIS exit kent ( sputtering ) you ... waitress do you parent know about this ? kent of course not ! she nod and exit . Kent call after she . kent ( cont 'd ) nobody know . I mean , there 's nothing to know . another angle Chris walk over to Mitch . CHRIS where be you all last night ? mitch the lab . where you be suppose to be . CHRIS Jordan tell I about atherton come down on you ... what exactly do ... Mitch abruptly turn he back to Chris and continue eat . Chris see the conversation be over . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) ( refer to the sentence he never finish ) ... let I hold that think and get back to ya . another angle Ken , bodie and Carter . the gentle strain of classical music fill the room . kent something soothing to eat by . the tape be abruptly interrupt by the recording Kent make of Mitch on the phone to he mother . angle on mitch he can not believe he ear . his expression run from surprise to embarrassment . another angle everyone stop eat and listen to Mitch begging he mother to come home . they share he embarrassment and lower they head . even Kent 's friend be uncomfortable . Kent , on the other hand , be laugh it up , have a great time . angle on mitch he 's in a state of shock . angle on kent kent ( he can not wait ) here come the cry ! he love it . angle on mitch he run out of the dinning room . Kent love Mitch reaction . it make he laugh harder . angle on CHRIS CHRIS ( to himself ) too low . int . mitch room-a few minute later Mitch be try to pack , but it 's difficult because the place be in such disarray . Chris enter . he watch and try to think of what to say . CHRIS okay , if you want to leave , go ahead . but you will miss the fun . mitch ( sour ) what fun ? CHRIS ick invent a new virus and we be gonna release it in Kent 's room . Mitch turn on Chris with surprising hostility . mitch that 's sick ! that 's a sick thing to do ! CHRIS hey , I be just kid , I ... mitch you be always just kid . there 's something wrong with you . CHRIS just a second ... mitch the other night I need you help and all you want to do be party . CHRIS I try to help you . I try to help you relax . mitch be snubbe by beautician be not my idea of relax . CHRIS Student beautician . mitch ( blow up ) I think this place be go to be different , but it 's just the same . I be either use or make fun of . in high school they push I in a mailbox , do I tell you that ? CHRIS they call I Chris the whiss ' ... mitch really ? what 's a whiss ? CHRIS I think they mean wuss , but it do not rhyme ... when I be three year old , I balanced my father 's checkbook so they send I to school and fire they accountant . my father be so intimidate , he stop speak to I . my teacher dislike I because I be smarter than they be , and my classmate hate I because I bell the bell curve . sound familiar ? and tell I why my ... why do my mother dress I in white shirt , hush puppy and a briefcase , guarantee that a girl would never talk to I ? Mitch look down at he own white shirt and hush puppy . mitch you ? CHRIS ( Dramatic ) and then one night , in this room , I be sit right where you be sit now . I have a vision . I see he . mitch god CHRIS hopsfield . mitch hopsfield ? oh ! the guy in the closet . CHRIS yeah . laslo hopsfield . I follow he . through the closet ; down into the steam tunnel . and down there I see the most disgusting thing I ve ever see . mitch ( frighten ) what ? CHRIS hopsfield in he pajamas . mitch laugh . CHRIS ( lighter , but sincere ) and I talk to the guy . turned out that in the seventy he be the number one stud around here . smarter than you and I put together . so brilliant , so sharp , so advanced , so long . mitch what do you mean ? CHRIS he graduate . go to work for some chemical company . one day someone tell he he be make stuff that be kill people . I think it be he mother . he freak . you see , he be totally unprepare for the real world . he have no philosophy . he think science be the answer for everything . Mitch be I gonna wind up in a steam tunnel ? CHRIS yes , you be , metaphorically speak . unless you see that the same thing that have make you life miserable can make it great ; you brain . when you be smart , people need you , and you can learn how to work that for fun and profit . mitch you have a arrangement go with atherton , do not you ? that 's why you do not have to study . CHRIS hey , I do not carry a briefcase . ( pause ) you be a nice kid . if you leave I will miss you . mitch ( think about it ) if I stay , what should I do , I mean ... CHRIS well , the first thing you have to do be get even with Kent . it 's a moral imperative . mitch ( smile ) yeah . ext . campus - night Kent 's citroen pull up . Kent and Carter get out and walk by Jordan , who be sit nearby . kent and at Northern electronics you get the stock option , but not the free housing , it 's what make pei so sweet . you get everything . carter yeah , and kinsley 's get that lock . kent ( knowingly ) maybe he do , and maybe he do not . they walk away . after a beat , CHRIS , mitch and ick jump out from behind another car . Mitch carry a tool BOX . jordan over here ! the other rush over to she . Chris train a light on the license plate . it read , " kent . " CHRIS he put he name on he car . he do the same thing with he underwear . Mitch flop down the tool box . 5r5dissolve to : montage Chris , Mitch , Jordan and ick work on Kent 's car . they be undoing bolt , talk out wire , remove fender , etc . the last dissolve and we see the car be go . and no sign of we foursome . ext . dorm hall -night Chris quietly go up the stair inside the dorm carry a steering wheel . ick and Mitch have a engine on a flatbe cart . Jordan enter carry heavy chain and a drill . ext . kenta room -early morning filthy with crankcase oil , Chris , Mitch , ick and Jordan exit and scamper down the hall . all be very pleased with themselves . ext . kenta room -later that morning Kent be come down the hall . he open he door and walk inside . int . kent " S room closeup on kent . his jaw drop open . another angle Chris and Mitch enter . CHRIS hey , Kent . that 's you car . mitch you be not suppose to park on campus . kent this be not funny . you go too far this time , kinsley . CHRIS I have help . kent ( surprised , to Mitch ) you ? ( a beat ) I be go to get you guy . Dr. atherton 's gonna hear about this . he storm out of he room . CHRIS ( call to Kent ) hey , Kent , you owe we ten dollar for the gas . ( to Mitch ) he will never pay we . ext . atherton' house-dusk the restoration have be complete and the house look beautiful . Chris come up the walk , go to the door and ring the bell . a very pretty girl name susan answer the door . int . atherton' house -continuous Chris enter . CHRIS wow ! hello . susan hi. CHRIS Jerry ask I to drop by . what do he ask you to do ? susan what ? CHRIS which word do not you understand ? susan be you here for the meeting ? CHRIS what meeting ? susan I do not know . CHRIS okay . susan I be just wait . CHRIS right . the study door open and atherton , carmichael and decker step out . decker ( finish they conversation ) and finally , it come down to , if you can not do it , we will get somebody else . I have a timetable , doctor . carmichael we be very close , Dave , do not worry , everything 's go to be fine . decker ( cold as ice ) Don , try and remember you work for I . ( to atherton ) I think I have make my point , have not I ? atherton ( equally as cold ) Crystal clear , Mr. decker . decker good . CHRIS anything I should know about ? atherton shut up kinsley . I will be with you in a moment . decker Goodbye , Jerry , and good luck . Susan ? they begin to exit . Chris take Susan 's hand . CHRIS I guess this be goodbye . I be sorry I do not get a chance to know you . at all . ( to the boy in admiration ) have you ever see breast like these before ? decker she happen to be my daughter . CHRIS oh , then I guess you have . carmichael ( to atherton ) I will be report to he every day . decker come , Don ? carmichael yes , sir. they exit . atherton what do you think you be do ? CHRIS you say come over . atherton take off that shoe . Chris remove he shoe to reveal even dirtier sock . atherton ( cont 'd ) stay off the rug . int . study -continous CHRIS what 's up , doc. atherton I be withdraw you recommendation to pei . CHRIS what ? atherton I be give Kent the job . CHRIS do you suddenly find humor ? atherton you have not solve my power problem . CHRIS I be try . atherton no , you be not . so , I be go to fail you , so you will not graduate , so you can not take the job . q.e.d . CHRIS I will pass you exam . atherton just smile a " so what " smile . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) we have a deal ! atherton do we ? that do not sound very ethical . CHRIS you can not do this . I will go to Dr. meredith . atherton ( enjoy this ) go ahead . what be you go to tell he . do not forget , like most scientist , he be a honorable , moral man who think everyone else be too . I will just deny anything you say . CHRIS you dick ! atherton Count on it . ext . dorm roof -night Chris sit , lose in think , outside the window of he room , Mitch appear at the window , see Chris and climb out to join he . mitch what be you do ? CHRIS self-realization . I be think of jump , but it 's only twelve foot . mitch something wrong ? CHRIS no . atherton be go to flunk I out of school . mitch but you have a deal . CHRIS yeah , and he say I do not deliver . you sleep with pit , you wake up smelly . I think aristotle say that . it be he or Eva gabor . at least hopsfield still have he integrity . mitch Excuse I ? CHRIS I think I be so smart . I do not want to be like the other dumb geniuse like hopsfield . I though I could use them. , instead of they use I . but , guess what ? mitch I have to agree . it do appear that you have be the victim of you own erroneous logic . CHRIS thank you . mitch however , this do not mean that you can not get yourself out . CHRIS how ? mitch hard work ? CHRIS but that 's the old way . grinding montage a series of shot show Chris hard at work , underscore by a original song . int . laser lab Mitch and Chris dismantle part of the laser . int . dine hall Mitch , Jordan and ick be listen as Chris show they diagram and formulas for a laser supercharger while they try to eat . int . biochemistry lab Chris and ick search for a new gas combination for the laser supercharger . int . atherton' lab Mitch and Chris work hard on a second laser . Kent be both upset and suspicious of Chris ' new interest in work . int . atherton' classroom Chris enter carry book and a note pad . Kent see this and be shocked . atherton give Chris a " you have not get a chance " grin . int . CHRIS and mitch room - night they both study for exam ; on the wall be a chart of exam week show Mitch 's exam schedule , a big red square around Chris ' exam with atherton and , in every free hour be write " laser " . int . dorm library many student , include we gang , study for exam . suddenly , milton can not take the pressure any longer and momentarily go out of he mind and run from the room . int . atherton' lab a tired look Chris and Mitch attach a second laser to the original but nothing improve . they check they note and diagram . Kent , bodie and carter chuckle in the corner . int . a exam room Mitch be take a exam with a bunch of people he do not recognize from the Professor who everyone tape record . one of the student appear to be near panic as he deal with a pile of mangle tape . int . jordan' room -very late night Chris and Jordan use a blackboard diagram to discuss the engineering difficulty of Chris ' laser supercharger assembly . int . dorm hall Chris run down the hall and enter he room . Mitch be sprawle out asleep under a math text . Chris feel bad about it but wake he up . int . atherton' lab a waste Chris and Mitch build the new assembly that will allow a second laser to shoot at the gas jet of the principal laser . int . dorm library -night Chris be study hard . Mitch be asleep , he head on the table . mitch ( in he sleep ) please , vito , not in the mailbox again . CHRIS Mitch ! Mitch wake up . mitch oh ... I be just relive some high school highlight . CHRIS look , you do not have to stay up with I . it 's not like we be drive . get some sleep . you be a grow boy . I hope . hopsfield enter carry two large box of what appear to be file card . Mitch be stunne . they all stare for a beat . CHRIS hi , laslo . hopsfield I think you might want some help so I dig into the computer and get every question artherton 's ever ask on every final he ever give . CHRIS gee , I do not get you anything . be that they ? hopsfield no , this be entry for McDonald 's sweepstake . no purchase necessary . enter as often as you want . so , I be . CHRIS really ? hopsfield this box make it one million , six hundred thousand . I should win thirty two point six percent of the prize , include the car . CHRIS kind of take the fun out of it , do not it ? hopsfield I suppose so . but they set up the rule , and lately , I have come to realize that I have certain materialistic need . CHRIS so where be the question ? hopsfield ( insulted ) I memorize they . Chris and Mitch look at each other , impressed and a little frighten . mitch I have to go to sleep now . hopsfield want my pajamas ? mitch uhhh ... thanks , no . hopsfield smart kid . he 's go to grow five inch in the next year . CHRIS how do you ... never mind . int . mitch room he open the door and enter . it 's dark . female voice Mitch ? mitch ( surprised ) Jordan ? he turn on the light . much to he surprise and ours , seat on he bed be sherry nugil , the girl Chris meet at pei - the genius groupie . she 's dress for the occasion . sherry Mitch Simon ? mitch who ? sherry I be sherry nugil . and I have be wait three year for this . mitch for what ? sherry for you to be old enough . mitch for what ? sherry for this . she kiss he . sherry ( cont 'd ) be you ready ? mitch for what ? sherry why do you keep say , ' for what ? ' mitch ' Cause so far it 's work great . int . jordan room -night Jordan be use a big machine to sand she floor . there 's a knock on the door . jordan ( shout ) come in . Mitch enter , he appear daze and dishevel . jordan oh , hi , Mitch . I be just sand the floor . mitch could you turn that off a second ? she do . she start move the furniture back . jordan what 's wrong ? why be you sweat ? mitch I ... I just ... I come back from help Chris and there be this woman in my room . Jordan stop , it 's the first time we have see she do nothing . jordan a woman ? mitch ( with emphasis ) a woman . I mean she be ... bless jordan oh ? mitch and she want to ... how can I say this so as not to offend you ? jordan jump you ? mitch yeah . I hope you be not offended . jordan so what happen ? mitch ( excited ) she kiss I . then she take off she clothes . then I take off my clothes - she have to help I . I keep black out - then ... it be unbelievable . jordan you make it with she ? mitch no . that 's what be unbelievable . jordan sure . mitch it 's true . I stop she and tell she I do not want to . jordan afraid ? mitch no ... I mean I really do want to ... but not with she . he look at she hopefully . she smile . int . atherton' lab-day Chris put the finish touch on the second laser assembly . he seem pretty pleased with himself . Kent , bodie and Carter watch conspiratorially . Carter look at he watch and start for the door . carter let 's go girl bodie what 's that suppose to mean ? carter it 's just a f..f.. figure of speech , bodie . you guy come to the exam or not ? CHRIS ( finish he work ) I guess we should , see as he 's go to all the bother of have one and everything . they all begin to exit , but then Kent hold up . kent you guy go ahead . I have to go to the bathroom . CHRIS ( exite ) okay , Kent , but I do not think that 's go to help you confidence , do you ? the other exit as Kent go back to Chris ' laser , open it up and start to fiddle with the work . kent ( to himself ) so , Mr. funny man , let 's see how funny you think this be . int . atherton' classroom-day student wait to begin take they final exam . Chris , bodie and Carter enter and take they seat . atherton be pass out the booklet . atherton you will have exactly three hour . and remember , we believe in the honor system here , people . angle on kent he enter and head for he seat beside Chris . kent good luck , buddy boy . CHRIS be it okay if I name my first child after you ? dipshit kinsley have a nice ring to it . 5r5dissolve to : int . atherton' classroom-later the student be busy take the test . angle on CHRIS he seem to be breeze through it . angle on kent he 's take the test . he look up and be distress at Chris apparent lack of trouble . Chris look over and throw Kent a big kiss . Kent turn away immediately . int . atherton' office atherton be go over some plan . carmichael enter . atherton rise . atherton ( reprimand ) this be my class hour ! carmichael ( loud whisper ) we be past the deadline . do not you understand , decker 's dangerous . we need that plan . atherton ( snap back ) it 's not ready yet . but it will be . I have get kinsley cooking now . he will do it . believe I , I know how to push that kid 's button . ( roll up the plan ) here be my drawing for the optic in the sighting system . carmichael ( cut he off ) decker want the laser by the end of the week . atherton ( close to lose it ) I be do all I can , damnit ! atherton storm out . int . classroom atherton enter like a dark cloud . he sit at he desk . angle on CHRIS he finish he last question . he get out of he seat . angle on atherton sitting at he desk . Chris place he test on the desk . atherton look up . angle on CHRIS and atherton Chris have a big grin on he face . he take a piece of paper and write on it and then slide it in front of atherton . insert the piece of paper . it say , " I ace this . " angle on atherton he write a message and slide it to Chris . insert a piece of paper which read , " Ace the laser . " angle on CHRIS Chris place a apple on atherton 's desk . he exit . atherton toss the apple in the wastebasket . the apple explode . ext . campus -day Chris be head for the lab . the place have that look of exam period desertion . CHRIS ( mutter to himself ) okie-dokie , doc , a house do not have to fall on ole Chris kinsley . int . antherton' lab-day Chris enter and prepare to test the new equipment . he align the secondary laser and let it charge up . he make some final check and then throw a switch . the laser fire for a instant but then seem to go crazy . the new laser overheat and the main chamber spark and smoke . Chris try to shut it down but to now avail . he tear the cover off in hope of pull the wiring , but he 's too late . we see everything melting away as the machine eat itself . we also see a message leave for Chris just before it too melt . it read : " 1 laser=1car . " Chris be on the verge of a complete mental collapse as he watch he work go up in smoke . CHRIS ( in anguish ) no !!!! there be nothing but the echo of he voice in response . the main laser stand like a huge , freeze bird in the empty room . in anger and frustration he swear at the machine . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) you bastard . this be you fault . he kick the wastepaper basket in hope of get rid of some of this anger ; but , instead , all he get be the basket bounce back and hit he in the shin . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) shit ! I deserve that . it all come back on you in the end . he suddenly stand up straight as though he be have a stroke . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) Holy shit ! inspiration take hold and Chris begin run around like a madman , gather up part to the laser . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) ( almost sing , he 's so happy ) of course , it 's so simple . echoes , bounce back at I and you . ext . dorm-a little later Chris run up the stair three at a time . int . CHRIS and mitch room he burst in . CHRIS Mitch ?! the room be empty . the closet door open and hopsfield step out , carry another box of card . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) laslo ! buddy ! have you see Mitch ? hopsfield no . how do you do ? CHRIS ( elate ) I fail ! hopsfield you should not have . CHRIS that 's true . but never mind that now . it come to I . the power problem . I solve it . echoes ! it 's so simple , four little mirror . it bounce back and supercharges the gas itself . I have get to find Mitch to help I build it but it should increase the power ten-fold at least . if you see he , tell he to meet I at the lab . bye . Chris exit , leave hopsfield lose in think . ext . student union -moment later a hand - paint sign hang over the door that say : " exam week decompression here . " Chris run in the door . int . decompression room-continuous the room be full of student who be blow off steam from study for and take exam . they be engage in all sort of silly , mindless activity , range from tiddly - wink and video game to watch cartoon . there be supplies of " brain food " and health drink around . Mitch , ick and Jordan be in the corner . Chris run up to they . jordan oh , Chris . how do it go ? CHRIS great . it be a snap . but atherton say he 's fail I anyway . jordan that 's terrible . you must be feel awful . be you all right ? CHRIS thank you , Jordan . I do feel terrible but I can not talk about it right now . I need Mitch . gotta go . bye . he grab Mitch and pull he out . ick he seem to be handle it all right . 5r5fade out ext . atherton' house - later that night Chris knock on the front door . atherton answer the door . he be less than thrilled to see Chris . int . atherton' house CHRIS ( force he way in ) hiya , Jerry , how 's it go ? atherton what do you want kinsley ? CHRIS World peace , but I do not think this be the time to discuss it . atherton what be you do here ? I have already tell you you have burn out and you have fail I and yourself miserably . CHRIS yes , I know that . but I think you might be interested . atherton I be not interested in anything you have to say . just then a pretty coed start to come down the stair . she be dress only in one of atherton 's shirt . coed Jerry ? CHRIS I solve the power problem , Jerry . atherton pause . he look at Chris , then the girl . atherton Debbie , go home . int . atherton' lab - later that night atherton , Kent , bodie and Carter stand by the laser as Chris explain what he 's do with formulas on the blackboard . CHRIS as you know , I be work on supercharging the DF by mean of a fusion technique use a secondary laser . well , when I try it , I discover Kent have sabotage it so it collapse on itself . everyone look at Kent in disgust . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) and I want to thank he for the think . kent what ???? CHRIS the deuterium and fluorine take up enough space by themselves , right ? well , the mistake we have be make up to now be in try to kick up the power by mean of yet another outside source . Big and bulky , right ? well , the elegance of this be that by reflect part of the lase light back in the gas jet we supercharge the whole deal , increase the power tenfold with no increase in size . kent this be a complete waste of time . Mitch have be prepare the laser for demonstration . he be struggle to lift several thick metal plate . CHRIS Kent , make yourself useful for once and help put that plate against the wall . Kent do and everyone stand back . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) okay , Mitch do it . this should work . Mitch switch on the main laser . it come to life . gase flow and a beam appear , hit the plate without effect . mitch now we open the vacuum chamber . he turn a valve and the beam begin to heat up the plate . CHRIS so far so good . and now , cross you finger . he throw a switch . there 's a beat . and then , suddenly , the beam glow intensely brighter , cut through the plate , the cabinet behind it and through the wall out into the night . Chris and Mitch jump shut the whole thing off . CHRIS sorry about the wall , sir . kent ( look through the hole ) and the tree across the quad . atherton ( in awe ) screw the wall , you do it ! you really do it . kent ( petulant ) I have do my part , too . atherton ( ignore Kent ) okay , kinsley . you do it . you pass . CHRIS thank you , sir . atherton and I think we can get that job back for you at pei . kent ( apoplectic ) what ! you can not . that 's my job . I have do everything you have ever ask . I get you laundry , and I finish the mirror . look . Kent run out of the room as Mitch and Chris exchange a look and atherton shake he head . Kent return , roll a circular precision mirror one meter in diameter . kent see ! do you have any idea how hard it be to make a film virtually 100 per cent reflective , one micron thick and apply it to a mirror this shape ? atherton good , Kent . ( to Chris , in a hurry ) I have to go . I have a press ... he exit . mitch ( very happy for Chris ) let 's celebrate . CHRIS absolutely . Kent , you with we ? kent ( totally frustrated ) oh ... eat I . ext . campus - night Chris , Mitch , ick and Jordan be look at the laser hole in the tree . ext . library -night they look at where the beam have cut a hole through the head of the statue of Dr. Bradford . ext . STREET -night they look high up at a hole where the beam go through a telephone pole and then across the street , even higher , where it burn through a billboard on top of tavern . they cheer . int . bar-later we group be celebrate . the jukebox blare . Chris and ick be drink beer ; Mitch and Jordan be hold hand , share a milkshake and feed each other french fries . mitch I do not think I be ready for that yet . maybe we should wait a year ; at least until I get my license . jordan I understand . there be a lot of thing to be consider here . for example , I could drive . hopsfield enter and sit down at the table . everyone stare for a beat . hopsfield ( to Chris ) I have be think about you laser solution . ( a beat ) I figure you have increase the output to six megawatt . CHRIS yeah . hopsfield what would you use that for ? mitch the application be unlimited . industrial for one . hopsfield with the gas tank you have design the beam would only last for forty second . what good be that ? CHRIS I do not care , laslo . I graduate . mitch let the engineer figure out a use for it . that 's not we concern . hopsfield maybe somebody already have a use for it , one for which it 's perfectly design . jordan you mean atherton have something in mind all along ? hopsfield look at the fact : very high power , portable , limited fire time , unlimited range . all you would need be a big spin mirror and you could vaporize a human target from space . hopsfield get up and walk outside . silence for a beat . CHRIS this be not good . ick you want another beer ? mitch how big a mirror ? int . hallway -early morning Chris , Mitch , ick , Jordan and hopsfield run down the hall and enter the lab . angle - the lab the laser be go . int . hallway Chris run next door and force Kent 's lab door open , look in . int . kenta lab they all enter . CHRIS the mirror be go , too . atherton , you worm ! you pig ! you fuck ! Kent , you too ! Chris be venting he rage on every inanimate object in the room , kick and punch . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) I should have see it ! how could I have not see it ! mitch he lie to we . CHRIS it 's easy to lie to you . you trust people ! I be cynic ! what a asshole I be ! hopsfield I understand how you feel , Chris , and you be right . but what we should be do now be try to find out what he 's do . int . CHRIS and mitch room - night Chris and Mitch sit wait . Chris be very despondent . very . Jordan enter . mitch do you do it ? jordan I put a receiver in it too . ( refer to Chris ) be he okay ? mitch I do not know he stop talk about a hour ago . May I see it ? she hold out she hand and we see a almost microscopic electronic device . ick enter carry several gas mask , a gas bottle , some tub a atomizer . ick ready ? int . dorm hallway - moment later Mitch , Jordan and ick be gather around the close door to Kent 's room wear the gas mask . ick feed the end of the tube under the door and open the valve on the bottle . ick we will have two minute . a student walk by , not bat a eye . student hi , guy . int . kenta room the gas have knock Kent out . he sleep peacefully in a chair . the door open and we gang enter . jordan ( to Mitch ) open he mouth . he do and she pull out some dental tool and go to work , place the receiver in Kent 's mouth . jordan ( cont would ) it be he brace that give I the idea . they be a perfect antenna . his whole .. ick it 's about time someone put it to good use . int . CHRIS and mitch room-moment later they all huddle around a homemade radio transceiver . mitch ( disguise he voice , into a microphone ) Kent . Kent . wake up , Kent . int . kenta room -same time Kent begin to stir . we can hear Mitch 's voice come from Kent 's head . at first he think he 's dream . mitch ( v.o. ) I be talk to you , Kent . kent what ? mitch ( v.o. ) I say I be talk to you . kent ( shaking he head , violently ) no ! mitch ( v.o. ) yes . kent ( slapping himself ) I be not asleep . I must be overworked . mitch ( v.o. ) you be not overworked , Kent . kent well , I be not insane ! silence . kent ( cont 'd ) be I ? int . CHRIS and mitch room mitch that remain to be see , Kent . but we be have a conversation . int . kenta room kent I have to metabolize this . um ... who be this ? mitch ( v.o. ) this be Jesus , Kent , and you have be a very naughty boy . kent ( crack up , laugh ) all right ! who be this ?! bodie ? Carter ? mitch ( v.o. ) I be know by many name . I be the one . turn to I and be save . kent oh , sure . mitch ( v.o. ) cut the crap , Kent , you have build a weapon . kent how do you know that ? mitch ( v.o. ) I know everything . kent oh. god. int . CHRIS and mitch room mitch that 's right , Kent . where be the laser now ? int . kenta room kent I can not tell you . mitch ( v.o. ) how would you like to burn for the rest of time ? kent ( panic ) no , they be testing it on the twenty - seventh but I do not know where . it 's classified . mitch ( v.o. ) oh. kent what ? mitch ( v.o. ) nothing . I want you to think about what you have do and repent , and from now on , stop play with yourself . kent I do not ... okay int . CHRIS and mitch room mitch now what ? the closet door open and hopsfield appear . hopsfield phase two . int . steam tunnel they be near hopsfield 's lair . hopsfield have remove the cover from a enormous terminal . Chris seem remote and depressed . hopsfield this be the phone terminal for the entire school . mitch okay , we tap atherton 's office phone . what about he home ? ick all the faculty 's home phone be part of the University system . jordan ( enthusiastically , look at the maze of wiring ) great , all we have to do be find it ! hopsfield we will find it . Jordan and hopsfield set to work search for atherton 's line . ick be concerned about Chris . ick I be depressed . why do I listen to my parent ? I should have become a ping - pong pro . hopsfield it 's not too late . mitch you should not be depressed . it 's we he use . jordan downtown schmidlap . mitch Excuse I ? jordan ( still work ) Ernie " downtown " schmidlap . from my high school . he be captain of everything . one day he tell I he want to " date I up . " so for a month he would come over and I would do he homework for he . he be go to take I to the prom . but once he pass he course , he take roberta preen . I stay home and re-wire we housekeeper 's tv . ick that 's awful ! mitch you think that hurt ? you should have meet my uncle Stan . he be a weasel . ick that bad , huh ? mitch no , that be he lodge . the Royal order of friendly weasels . every Wednesday when I be eight , he would take I down to he lodge meeting and he would challenge people to call out two five-digit number . I have to multiply they in my head faster than a guy could do it on a calculator . they would bet on I . of course , after the meeting , he would take I for ice cream . ick that 's nice . mitch well ...he would take I to the supermarket and I have to dip my hand in . hopsfield I have get he office . jordan I have get he home . int . steam tunnel - sometime later they have all make themselves comfortable as they sit and wait for the phone tap to produce result . hopsfield have wire a speaker so that they can hear , CHRIS why do not you phone ring , you jogging , syphilitic microbe ? ick ( sotto , to Mitch ) I think he 's come around . suddenly , from the speaker , we hear the sound of atherton 's phone be pick up . atherton ( v.0. / filter ) hello voice ( v.o. ) be this Jerome atherton ? atherton ( v.o. ) yes , it be . voice ( v.o. ) this be Bill carlisle . I see you television show the other night about the reproductive system . atherton ( v.o. ) thank you , I hope you enjoy it . voice ( v.o. ) I love it . everything you say be copy word for word from my book and I expect a lot of money for it . atherton ( v.o. ) need I remind you , it 's public television , a attempt to teach people something . and all you can think of be personal greed . it 's people like you that make I feel bad about be american . voice ( v.o. ) I be canadian atherton ( v.o. ) I be not surprised . good day . they hang up . ick God , he 's good at that . he almost get away with it . that 's the most manipulative guy I have ever see ... I mean hear . CHRIS he do get away with it . mitch not anymore . int . steam tunnel -later still everyone lie asleep in various place and position , Mitch awaken . he be amaze to find Jordan asleep on he shoulder , so amaze he have to wake she . mitch Jordan ? jordan hmmmmmmmm . mitch you be sleep . jordan I be ? gee ( snuggling ) I guess you relax I . mitch ( proudly ) wow ! CHRIS ( awaken ) what 's go on ? mitch I put Jordan to sleep . CHRIS and you be proud of that ? mitch yeah . the speaker come to life with the sound of the receiver be grope for and then atherton 's groggy voice . atherton ( v.o. ) ( mumble ) yes ... hello decker ( v.o. ) jer ? Dave decker how be you ? atherton ( v.o. ) Christ , Dave what time be it ? decker ( v.o. ) nine thirty here in Washington . I think you Californians all get up early and exercise . ha , ha CHRIS this be it . that 's the guy I see at he house with the daughter . atherton ( v.o. ) very funny , Dave . what do you want ? I be busy . decker ( v.o. ) it sound like it . listen , I will be out there tomorrow for the test but I want you to go to the marsh this afternoon and check optic system one more time . atherton ( v.o. ) why ? decker ( v.o. ) because I be in charge , Doctor . Goodbye . he hang up . all look to Chris . ick well ? CHRIS ( come to life ) it 's happen . mitch it 's only weapon if it work , right ? CHRIS ( determine ) you be absolutely right ! the time have come , people . no more be use . no more downtown schmidlap or uncle stan or Jerry atherton . we be go to take responsibility for we own brain . remember , without ethic there can be no morality . without morality there be no society and without society there can be no fast food restaurant . so the whole country , nay , in the world , be count on we to get even in a big way . thank you . ick Nice logic . CHRIS thanks . synchronize watch . mitch why ? CHRIS it 's just something you say at a time like this . hopsfield I do not need a watch . CHRIS okay , forget it . let 's go . ext . atherton' house -day atherton come out and head for he car carry a over - night bag . as he drive away we see that ick have be spying on he . ext . a file -day ick be hide behind some bush on a knoll . he be look through binocular . ick Pov atherton 's car be pass through a high security gate into marsh field . ext . shipping dock -day Chris , Mitch and hopsfield be load the last of several large box into a beat - up van . ext . atherton' house-evening the van pull up in front . paint on the side be a plumber 's logo . Mitch , Jordan and ick start unload box . Chris go to the front door . angle on the door . Chris pick the lock . int . hopsfield lair - later that night Chris and Mitch enter to see hopsfield as he work at the computer , attempt to interface with another computer . each time he hit the key the readout reply " negative . " hopsfield Boy , this secret field be so untrust . CHRIS so we can not get on - base clearance . hopsfield I guess not . CHRIS forget it . we will ball it . Jordan enter carry two i. D. card . jordan how do this look ? insert two fake i. D. 's with Mitch 's and Chris 's picture on they . perfect . I hope . angle back on the room mitch what if they do not fool anybody ? CHRIS they shoot we . ext . marsh AIR force base - middle of the night technician check monitor and prepare for the come test . nearby stand a fire command module very reminiscent of the pilot 's compartment in the open sequence . atherton go over last minute detail with various people . he seem distract as a engineer discuss a problem with he . engineer be you all right ? atherton what ? oh , yes , fine . have you ever have a feel that there 's something terribly wrong ? engineer no. ext . MAIN gate of the base - night there be two Air force Police guard in the shack . Chris and Mitch pull up in Kent 's citroen , behind a government sedan await clearance at the gate . they be dress as technician and Mitch sport a moustache . int . the citroen Mitch be a wreck and Chris do not help . he begin hum the theme from " Mission impossible . " guard ( v.o. ) all clear , Mr. decker . just follow the yellow line . Chris accidentally hit the horn . through the windshield we see decker and the guard look back . Chris recognize decker . CHRIS ( cover ) how long do it take ? Mitch whimper . decker 's car pull away . the guard use one finger to motion Chris forward . Chris pull the car up . the guard lean in the window . guard i.d. Mitch , obviously shaking , hand he to Chris who hand they to both guard . CHRIS snap it up , will ya ? we just fly in . we be tired . we be hungry . we have this stupid car . the guard turn away and walk into the shack . mitch be you out of you mind ? CHRIS you have to intimidate this guy . the guard return . guard you be not on the list . CHRIS of course not . we be classified . we hear the phone ring . the second guard answer it . int . command CENTER a Air Force Officer be on the phone . a impatient atherton stand beside he . atherton I do not know what he should look for , just tell he if he see anything out of the ... let I tell he . he grab the phone . int . the citroen guard be not you guy a little young to be technician ? CHRIS laser be a young science . there , fine , now you have make I say it . now we be all in trouble . Mitch look like he 's go to die . guard look , I will call the duty officer . he start towards the phone shack . the other guard be still on the phone . CHRIS ( he demeanor change ) Excuse I . the guard turn back . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) look , pal , do not call anybody . we be four hour late . it 's we job . give we a break , will ya ? someday you might be in the private sector , right ? a beat . Mitch die . Chris give the guard a goofy grin . ext . the gate the guard wave they through . the car pull away . the guard return to the booth . second guard we be suppose to look for anything out of the ordinary . first guard okay . ext . the ramp - night a b-1 bomber , paint black , sit in the glow of the work light . technician , who be wear jumpsuit similar to the one Mitch and Chris have on , be busy work around the plane . Chris and Mitch enter frame and walk up to the plane . a couple of the technician watch they curiously as they go up the stair into the bomb bay . int . bomb BAY Chris and Mitch enter . Three technician be inside the plane run last minute check on the laser , which sit in the middle of the cabin . Chris cross to the technician who be in the middle of the cabin . he watch he make mental note as he check the program . the technician turn , sense he presence . CHRIS Nice work . keep it up . Mitch , meanwhile , check out the laser optic . after a beat , one of the technician signal for the other to complete they job and exit . they start to file out . one of they turn and look at Chris , who be just stand there . CHRIS what ?! the technician shake he head uncertainly and exit with the other . finally , Mitch and Chris be alone . Chris open the briefcase . it contain a cellular phone , a modem and a eeprom processor . int . hopsfield be lair - same time the computer receive a signal . hopsfield turn to Jordan and ick . hopsfield we have get a connection . they be in . int . bomb BAY CHRIS get the eeprom . Mitch open up the computer and clip a couple of power line and pull out four computer chip and hand they to Chris , who plug they into the processor . Chris pick up the phone . CHRIS ( into phone ) abbott to costello . int . hopsfield lair Jordan pick up the phone . jordan ( into phone ) this be costello . go ahead , abbott . int . bomb BAY CHRIS ( into phone ) costello , who 's on first ? Mitch hit he impatiently . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) we have get the goody . jordan ( v.o. ) we have the target coordinate compute for trajectory adjustment . CHRIS great . shoot . int . hopsfield lair hopsfield 's computer screen fill with machine code of one and zero . he begin search through many screen of code . hopsfield oh , oh . ick what ? hopsfield oh , nothing . int . bomb BAY Chris and Mitch freeze as a mechanic walk by the open bomb bay door . int . command CENTER - early morning technician be check monitor and a radar scope at a control panel . atherton be in the rear of the room briefing a group of civilian and military brass . amongst they be decker . atherton point to a draw on a large chart . atherton the plane will reach a altitude of sixty - five thousand foot . when it be over , the target will fire the laser from here .... ( point to the fire module ) ... for five point two second . carmichael enter . carmichael they be all set for the final onboard check . atherton Fine . right this way , gentleman . they all follow atherton and decker to the exit at the rear of the room . int . bomb BAY Chris and Mitch sweat it out . int . hopsfield lair hopsfield be scan the screen . hopsfield I think I have find it . May I have the coordinate , please . ick ( read from paper ) thirty -four degree , ten minute , fifteen second North ; one hundred eighteen degree , nine minute , three second West . hopsfield enter the data into he computer . jordan ( into phone ) we be send . int . bomb BAY CHRIS ( into phone ) we be take . Mitch suddenly panic as he look out . mitch Pov atherton and he group come around the corner of a building and head for the plane . angle on mitch and CHRIS mitch they be come this way . CHRIS ( into phone , overly calm ) you may be interested in know that Mitch report that herr Professor be approach and I be not even sweat . be not that remarkable ? int . hopsfield lair jordan please hurry . atherton 's come . hopsfield ( type furiously ) please , I do not work well under pressure . he finish . hopsfield ( cont would ) there . I hope that do it . jordan ( into phone ) okay , Chris ... I mean abbott . hello ... hello ... hello ... ext . bomber atherton and he group approach and enter the bomb bay . int . bomb BAY as they enter , there be no sign of Chris and Mitch . atherton check out the laser and the computer . the other examine various gauge and switch and the flight deck . carmichael everything all right ? atherton of course . ext . bomber as the group exit the plane , Chris and Mitch drop out of the forward landing gear well in the background . atherton ( turn back ) oh , I forget ... atherton' Pov a glimpse of Chris and Mitch as they disappear around the corner of the building . close on atherton uncertain of what he have just see . carmichael ( o.s. ) what be it ? atherton nothing . int . dorm library - pre-dawn Kent look the worse for wear as he sit surround by psychology book deal with schizophrenia . mitch ( v.o. ) hi , Kent . kent ( surprised ) oh , I think you be go . mitch ( v.o. ) not yet . have you be touch yourself ? kent yes . I mean , no . int . CHRIS and mitch be room - same time mitch ( into mike ) good , Kent . dad , my father , you know , God , want to show you something . kent ( v.o. / filter ) why ? I mean , what ? mitch I have learn not to ask . int . dorm library mitch ( v.o. ) he want you to wait on the sidewalk at six thirty nine ivy crest drive at precisely six - oh- eight this morning . kent ivy crest ? mitch ( v.o. ) just wait there and you shall receive a sign . do not despair and do not go inside . kent why not ? hello ? hello , Jesus ? a student walk in and look at he strangely . int . command CENTER - dawn atherton and company watch the bank of monitor as the flight controller clear the bomber for take off . ext . campus - dawn Chris and Mitch jump into the van and drive off . int . command CENTER some monitor show the bomber climb while other show the desert target area . it be a mock up of a presidential motorcade . the open car be fill with test dummy , and be link together and be be tow slowly across the desert by a tractor . controller ( into mike ) crossbow one , radar contact . climb and maintain flight level six five oh . ext . atherton' house the van pull up and park across the street . Chris and Mitch get out . just then , a volvo pull up and Jordan , ick and Dr. meredith get out . Dr. meredith be wear a bathrobe , pajamas and slipper . meredith ah , Mr. kinsley . why be I not surprised to see you here ? perhaps you have the explanation for this so-called event I be suppose to witness . CHRIS yes , sir , I do , but first may I take this opportunity to compliment you on you fashion sense . int . control CENTER controller ( into mike ) crossbow one , turn leave to two eight zero . pilot ( v.o. / filter ) two eight zero , roger . a technician hit a switch and a monitor pop on . crosshair dominate the center of the screen . the desert floor rush by . atherton turn to a specialist stand by . atherton norman , if you would be so kind . this cockpit mock - up duplicate the shuttle flight deck and we have place it here to demonstrate the fire technique . the specialist take he place inside the command module . pilot ( v.o. / filter ) we be thirty one dme from the target . controller ( mike ) Roger , crossbow . open the door . int . bomb BAY the door open to reveal cloud rush past and the ground far below . ext . atherton' house meredith this be rather strong accusation , Chris . CHRIS yes , sir , I know . meredith if they be true , I be go to need some proof . CHRIS I think we be go to be able to accommodate you in just a minute , sir . look past meredith , Chris see Kent approach . angle on kent as he arrive at the house and star up at it . he glance at he watch and wait impatiently . int . command CENTER Inside the fire module , the specialist pull down the target sighting device and put he hand on the joystick . specialist power on . controller T minus fifty and count . int . bomb BAY the large mirror lower into its fire position and the laser power up . ext . atherton' house - morning the group watch Kent , who be nervously pace back and forth , talk to himself . CHRIS ( to Mitch ) Boy , if this work , he 's go to start a new religion . mitch if it do not work ...? Chris shoot he a censor look . int . command CENTER this countdown continue . monitor display the target sight , the pilot 's sighting screen of the ground and a camera 's view of the bomber . technician trajectory command relay , lock . atherton now , norm here have fire control . angle on targeting monitor the target motorcade be sighted . int . bomb BAY the laser mirror and sighting lens move in unison as they line up on target . int . command CENTER the crosshair line up on the sighting monitor . ext . atherton' house jordan what 's he do ? there Pov Kent have now start toward the front door . mitch I tell he not to go in ! closer angle on kent kent ( mutter to Jesus ) look , this be Jerry 's house , we be very close , so if you be not go to answer I , then I be go in ... he reach for the front door . kent ( cont 'd ) ... here I come . angle on CHRIS and mitch CHRIS ( shouting ) Kent ! stop ! angle on kent who turn and see they . int . command CENTER everyone be rivete to the sighting monitor . specialist target lock . in ten , nine , eight ... as the countdown continue . int . bomb BAY the computer come to life and electronically unlock the laser optic from the sighting camera . the mirror turn to the leave . int . command CENTER the aerial view of the motorcade remain center on the sighting monitor . int . atherton' house Kent open the front door and enter . kent ( to himself ) that look like Dr. meredith in a bathrobe . first I be hearing thing , now I be see thing . he close the door . kent ( cont 'd ) okay , God . let I have it . the room be dark , light only by morning light come through a large stain glass window at the top of the stair . in the middle of the room be what look like a large above - ground swim pool , cover in aluminum foil . Kent be amaze . int . command CENTER specialist ... three , two , one , bingo . he hit the trigger . int . bomb BAY the laser fire . ext . sky the laser beam trace through the atmosphere . int . command CENTER the group wait expectantly . nothing happen to the target . ext . atherton' house Chris and Mitch , who be run toward the house , be stop in they track by the incredible sight of the red laser beam shoot down out of the heaven , strike the grass , tracking across the lawn then up the wall of atherton 's house . int . atherton' house the beam strike the window and for one tiny moment cause the most incredible light show anyone have ever see . kent ( in awe ) oh ! the window be obliterate by the laser light , which crash down directly onto the aluminum foil - cover pool . kent ( cont 'd ) oh , my ! the foil be heat instantly in the laser light and there be the SOUND of tiny explosion , building to a roar . in a second , the foil rise violently and tear open . Kent pick up a piece of debris and examine it . kent popcorn ? in the next instant , he be engulf in popcorn . ext . atherton' house the beam disappear as suddenly as it come . everyone stand in awe . a few kernel fly out of the break window , then a storm . int . atherton' house Kent and furniture be be force up the stair by a rise tide of pop popcorn . he struggle against it , lose , and sink into the mound like a dinosaur in quicksand . ext . atherton' house the window be fill up with popcorn . finally , they crack and break as popcorn force its way out of the house wherever it can . mitch Kent ! Chris and Mitch head for the front door . suddenly , it burst open and Kent be carry out by a move wall of popcorn . int . command CENTER people furiously check system . carmichael I do not understand . do it fire ? technician yes , we indicate a shot . we have get another problem , though . it 's not shutting down . int . bomb BAY the computer be still work . the laser optic and equipment begin to melt . it 's be wire to self - destruct . int . command CENTER the devastate group watch the laser self destruct on the monitor . decker Nice go , jer. atherton something 's wrong here . unlock the bird 's eye . he take over the command module sighting system atherton I be trace where the shot go . we watch as the monitor 's view swing away and across a residential neighborhood , come to rest on a bird 's eye view of he own house . atherton ( cont 'd ) oh , no . the monitor view move in to reveal what look like a grow mushroom . decker what have you do ? atherton retired . ext . atherton' house the group look on as the mountain of popcorn continue to engulf the house . meredith go to see if Kent be all right . CHRIS ( to Mitch ) do you think we use too much ? mitch maybe a little . CHRIS well , I guess we all learn something here today . jordan what ? CHRIS I do not know , but it seem like the right thing to say , do not it ? ick it do to I . as they continue to watch the destruction of the house , and various neighbor come out to see what 's what , a winnebago pull up and stop . hopsfield get out . hopsfield I think you use too much . CHRIS really ? I be sorry you miss it . hopsfield yeah , well , I have to pack . CHRIS why ? hopsfield I be get marry . CHRIS what ? to whom ? mitch ( look at the U - haul ) what be all this ? hopsfield oh , I win . only thirty - one point eight percent though . I have to figure that out . but not this summer . Mitch suddenly see sherry stand at the winnebago door . mitch sherry ? sherry ( kissing hopsfield ) hi . be not it wonderful . I finally find he . number one . I have be look for he for ten year . hopsfield what can I do ? she love I . CHRIS right . congratulation . hopsfield thanks . anyway , we probably will not ever get to see you again , so , bye . CHRIS what do you mean ? where be you go ? sherry I have get a little survival place in Wyoming . we be go to live there . hopsfield yeah , it 's get too weird around here . see ya . they climb into the winnebago and it pull away . the other watch it go . ick you think it 's get too weird around here . CHRIS absolutely . jordan I do not notice . mitch I like it . in the background , the popcorn have split the wall of the house and finally lift the roof off like the top of a pot . the whole house tilt to its side and the pop stop . as we pull back , atherton 's car pull up and he get out , dumbstruck . Dr. meredith walk over to he and confront he . Kent join Chris and the other who watch . the end .