" rear window " by John Michael haye base on a short story by Cornell woolrich final draft December 1 , 1953 fade in : int . jefferies ' apartment - day - long shot although we do not see the foreground window frame , we see the whole background of a greenwich Village street . we can see the rear of a number of assort house and small apartment building whose front face on the next cross-town street , sharply etched by the morning sun . some be two storey high ; other three ; some have peak roof , other be flat . there be a mixture of brick and wood and wringht iron in the construction . the apartment building have fire escape , the other do not . the neighborhood be not a prosperous one , but neither be it poor . it be a practical , conventional dwelling place for people live on marginal income , luck -- or hope and careful plan . the summer air be motionless and heavy with humid heat . it have open window wide , push back curtain , lift blind and generally bring the neighborhood life into a sweltering intimacy . yet , people bear and breed to life within earshot and eye glance of a score of neighbor have learn to preserve they own private world by uniformly ignore each other , except on direct invitation . the camera pull back until a large sleep profile of a man fill the screen . it be so large that we do not see any feature , but merely the temple and side of the cheek down which a stream of sweat be run . the camera pan off this to the right hand side of the window , and move to a thermometer which be hang on the wall just outside the window . it register 84 . the camera move on into the open , and bring nearer to we a room with a large studio window . we be able to see inside this room . a short , bald man be stand near the window , shave , use a small bowl of water and a portable mirror which he have set up on a shelf . to the right of he be a batter upright piano . on top of the piano be a radio . the music selection come from the radio stop , and the announcer be hear . announcer the time -- 7:15 a.m. , wor , New York . the temperature , outside , 84 -- Friends -- be you life worth one dollar ? the man shave quickly put down he razor , hurry to the radio , and change the station , move past a number of commercial voice until he again find some music . contented , he return to he shave . the camera move on and over to a far building . it pass over the face of this building until it come to fire escape . it go up and near enough to one which have become the outdoor bedroom of a couple . we be near enough to see a alarm clock hang from the rail which be now ringing vigorously . a man rise lazily to a sit position . he grope to switch the alarm off . we see that he pajamas be stain with sweat . in he sit position he lean forward and shake somebody beside he . to we surprise , the head of this other person -- a woman -- rise where he foot be . they have be sleep in opposite direction . they sit limply look at each other with bedraggle and weary expression which show they enjoy very little sleep in the heat of the night . the camera now move down toward the leave onto another low building . it move in a little to a live room window . just inside the windowsill , a small fan be oscillate . the fan sit on the right side of the table , and to the leave of it be a automatic toaster . behind the toaster stand a full - body young woman , apparently wear only a pair of black panty . her stomach , navel , and the lower part of she chest be naked . just below she breast , the curtain , partly draw , have throw a deep shadow which extend upward , hide she breast , shoulder and head . two piece of toast pop up in the toaster . she take they out , butter they . then she turn around and bend over another table on which stand a automatic coffee-maker . she pick up the coffee-maker , and swing back to the table to sit down . she do this so deftly that she breast be never expose , but hide by the fan as she sit down . the fan move back and forth as she pour coffee , far enough to reveal that she wear no bra , but not far enough to fulfill the exciting promise of she lack of clothes . the camera move on to a distant street corner see between two building . the traffic be very light at this hour , but a sanitation Department truck move through the intersection spraying water out behind it to cool the pavement and keep the dust down . Three little kid in bathing suit run behind the truck , play in the water . the camera move off and around to some building at the side . as it skim this building , we see a hand emerge from one of the window , and remove the cover from a birdcage which be hang from a hook on the wall outside . in the cage be two lovebird -- argue . the camera now pull back swiftly and retreat through the open window back into jeffery ' apartment . we now see more of the sleep man . the camera goe in far enough to show a head and shoulder of he . he be L. B. jefferies . a tall , lean , energetic thirty five , he face long and serious - look at rest , be in other circumstance capable of humor , passion , naive wonder and the kind of intensity that bespeak inner conviction of moral strength and basic honesty . he be sit in a everest and jenning wheelchair . the camera pan along he right leg . it be encase in a plaster of Paris spica from he waistline to the base of he toe . along the white cast someone have write " here lie the break bone of L. B. jeffery . " the camera pan to a nearby table on which rest a shattered and twisted speed graphic camera , the kind use by fast - action news photographer . on the same table , the camera pan to a eight by ten glossy photo print . it show a dirt track auto racing speedway , take from a point dangerously near the center of the track . a racing car be skid toward the camera , out of control , spew a cloud of dust behind it . a rear wheel have come off the car , and the wheel be bound at top speed directly into the camera lens . the camera move up to a frame photograph on the wall . it be a fourteen by ten print , a essay in violence , have catch on film the explode semi-second when a heavy artillery shell arch into a front- line Korean battle outpost . Men and equipment erupt into the air suspend in a solution of blast rock , dust and screeching shrapnel . that the photographer be not a casualty be evident , but surprising when the short distance between the camera and the explosion be estimate . a signature in the lower right hand corner of the picture read -- " L. B. jeffery . " the camera pan to a second photograph of a picket line at a aircraft plant strike . striker , non-strikers and police be embroil in a bitter and confuse riot . club , fist and truncheon swing , blood flow , face twist with emotion and fall victim struggle to regain they foot . the picture represent no distant , caution photographic observation , but rather a intimate report , so immediate and real that the viewer have the nervous feel the fight surround he and he have best defend himself . the same signature , " L. B. jeffery , " be in the corner . the camera pan to another frame picture , this one a beautiful and awesome shot of a atomic explosion at frenchman 's flat , nevada . it be the cul - de-sac of violence . the picture take at a distant observation point , show some spectator in the foreground watch the explosion through binocular . the camera move on to a shelf contain a number of camera , photographic film , etc . it then pan across a large viewer on which be rest a negative of a woman 's head . from this , the camera move on to a magazine cover , and although we do not see the name of the magazine , we can see the head on the cover be the positive of the negative we have just pass . the camera finally come to rest on a pile of magazine -- perhaps a hundred or so . they be all of the same publication . lap dissolve to : int . gunnison be office - day - close up the screen be fill with the top of a desk . in addition to the usual telephone , blotting pad , etc. , the most prominent feature be the number of glossy photo print , and even larger - size mat print . some of they have slip paste over with description . the center of the desk be occupy by a large layout of photograph on one magazine page . behind this we hear the murmur of two voice of man who can be vaguely see beyond the desk . the camera pan up and we be now face to face with ivar gunnison and jack bryce . gunnison be sit on a window - ledge , and beyond he we realize we be high above the New York street . bryce lean against a wall at right angle to he . gunnison be hold a cablegram in he hand . bryce have a cigarette in he mouth . he scratch a match , and be about to light it , when he notice that gunnison , still read the cable , have reach into a inside shirt pocket , and produce a cigarette . quickly , bryce move over to light gunnison 's cigarette . then he settles back to light he own . gunnison do not even bother to thank he . gunnison ( look up ) indo - China -- Jeff predict it would go sky-high . bryce from the look of davidson 's cable , it might even go higher than that . and we have not even get a camera over there . gunnison ( stands ) this could go off in a month -- or a hour . bryce I will pull somebody out of Japan . gunnison ( head for he phone ) bryce , the only man for this job be sit right here in town . ( pick up phone ) get I L. B. jeffery . bryce ( puzzle ) jeffery ? gunnison ( to bryce ; still hold phone ) name I a better photographer . bryce ( he can not ) but he leg ! gunnison do not worry -- it come off today . bryce give gunnison a startle look . gunnison I mean the cast . ( to phone ) int . jeff' apartment - day - semi -closeup shoot through the open window , onto Jeff . he be shave himself with a electric razor as the phone ring . he shut off the shaver , pick up the phone . jeff jeffery . gunnison ( on filter ) congratulation , Jeff . jeff for what ? gunnison for get rid of that cast . jeff who say I be get rid of it ? at this moment , he attention be draw to something across the way . he look up , expectantly . there be almost a touch of eagerness in he expression . ext . neighborhood - day - long shot while Jeff be continue he phone conversation , we see the object of he look . two pretty girl have appear on the distant roof . they be smile and talk , although we can not hear they dialogue . each wear a terrycloth robe . with they back to the camera , they take off the robe , slip they down over they shoulder slowly . then , seductively , they turn -- revealing the full beauty of they tan and bathing - suite body . it be almost as if they want to be notice , the center of neighborhood attention . they at least have all of Jeff 's attention . then they spread the robe in front of they , and lie down on the roof , and out of sight . Jeff seem a little disappointed . int . jeff' apartment - day - semi -closeup during the whole of this previous action , the conversation between Jeff and gunnison have go on as follow : gunnison ( with logical proof ) this be Wednesday . jeff gunnison -- how do you get to be such a big editor -- with such a small memory ? gunnison wrong day ? jeff wrong week . next Wednesday I emerge from this plaster cocoon . gunnison that 's too bad , Jeff . well , I guess I can not be lucky every day . forget I call . jeff yeah . I sure feel sorry for you , gunnison . must be rough on you think of I wear this cast another whole week . int . gunnison be office - day - semi -closeup gunnison be now seat at he desk , with the phone receiver to he ear . his assistant , bryce , can be see vaguely in the background . gunnison that one week be go to cost I my best photographer -- and you a big assignment . int . jeff' apartment - day - close - up Jeff ask , eagerly and alertly . jeff where ? we hear gunnison 's reply . gunnison there 's no point in even talk about it . Jeff 's eye become set upon something else in the neighborhood he see . ext . neighborhood - day - long shot Jeff 's attention be now draw to another feature of he backyard entertainment . the camera be now focused on the window of the small building where we earlier see the girl behind the oscillate fan . loud ballet music be pour from she open window . the girl , now dress in dark and revealing leotard , and ballet slipper , have just turn away from a portable record player . she begin the first graceful movement of a modern ballet interpretation . she gracefully move across the room to the rhythm of the music and dance , toward the ice box . with she foot still move , she throw open the door , and then rhythmically move back to the center of the room , gnaw the chicken bone , occasionally wave it in the air as part of the choreography . she now twirl over toward a table at the other side of the room on which be a open package of bread slice , some butter nearby . with sway body , she put down the chicken leg , and gracefully and rhythmically butter a slice of bread . she pick up both bread and chicken leg and continue she interpretive dance , alternately munch the bread and butter and chicken leg . int . apartment - day - closeup Jeff 's eye drop from the ballet dancer 's room to the one underneath . ext . neighborhood - day - long shot the camera pan from the window of the dance girl , to the window below . someone be read the New York Herald tribune . the paper lower , and we see a elderly lady , in she late sixty . she be a fade , refine type . she look up in the direction of the music and in a calm routine fashion adjust the volume of she hearing aid . she resume she read . int . jeff' apartment - day - closeup Jeff be amused by what he see , but continue he conversation with gunnison , which have go on through all the scene with the ballet dancer . jeff ( insistent ) where ? gunnison ( filter ) indo - China . get a code tip from the bureau chief this morning . the place be about to go up in smoke . jeff ( please ; excited ) do not I tell you ! do not I tell you it be the next place to watch ? gunnison you do . jeff ( on filter ) okay . when do I leave ? half -hour ? a hour ? gunnison with that cast on -- you do not . jeff ( on filter ) stop sounding stuffy . I will take picture from a jeep . from a water buffalo if necessary . gunnison you be too valuable to the magazine for we to play around with . I will send Morgan or lambert . jeff swell . I get myself half - kill for you -- and you reward I by steal my assignment . gunnison I do not ask you to stand in the middle of that automobile race track . jeff ( a little angry ) you ask for something dramatically different ! you get it ! gunnison ( quietly ) so do you . Goodbye , Jeff . jeff ( wo not let he hang up ) you have get to get I out of here ! six week -- sit in a two - room apartment with nothing to do but look out the window at the neighbor ! at this moment we hear the sound of a piano play . it be a simple , but break , melody as if someone be just learn to play the piano , or carefully compose a song . it clash abruptly with the music from the ballet dancer 's apartment . it irritate Jeff as he look in the direction of the new music . jeff it 's worse than the chinese water torture . ext . neighborhood - day - semi - long shot we now see the source of the piano music . it come from the apartment with the studio window which we see earlier where the man be shave and listen to the radio . the short , bald man sit at the piano play a few note , then transfer they by pencil to notepaper on the piano rack . he continue this process , fight the interference of the ballet music . the open bar of he melody be beautiful and ear-catch . it be slow , hard work , and the ballet music finally become such a interference that he give up and walk to the window to look down toward the dancer 's apartment . he stand by a table at the window which be litter with record , the morning coffee cup , unwash , the remain of breakfast , old newspaper , song sheet , etc . he take a cigarette out of he mouth , look for a ash tray , and end up put it out in the coffee cup . he then return to the piano and begin pick out the melody the dancer be play on she record player . int . jeff' apartment - day - semi -closeup Jeff frown at the double sound , and raise he voice a little . he continue the conversation which have be hear all through the previous scene . gunnison read some good book . jeff I have be take picture so long I do not know how to read anymore . gunnison I will send you some comic book . jeff ( low , tense ) listen -- if you do not pull I out of this swamp of boredom -- I will do something drastic . gunnison like what ? jeff ( on filter ) I will -- I will get marry . then I will never be able to go anywhere . gunnison it 's about time you get marry -- before you turn into a lonesome and bitter old man . jeff can you see I -- rush home to a hot apartment every night to listen to the automatic laundry , the electric dishwasher , the garbage disposal and a nag wife . gunnison Jeff -- wife do not nag anymore -- they discuss . jeffery glance out across to the other apartment as he see : ext . neighborhood - day - semi - long shot we see a three - storey , flat- roofed apartment house . the brick be weather - wear and fade . each apartment have three window face the back , one show a hallway , one a live room , and the window on the right open into a bedroom . on the second floor , a man have enter the live room from a hallway door . he carry a large aluminum sample case common to salesmen . he set down the case heavily , remove he hat , and slowly wipe he brow with the back of he right hand . he take off he coat and tie . his shirt be stain with sweat underneath . he roll up he sleeve , and he well - muscle arm heavy with hair confirm he dark , husky build . int . jeff' apartment - day - semi -closeup with he eye still focus on the distant apartment , Jeff continue talk with gunnison . jeff yeah ? maybe in the high rent district they discuss -- but in my neighborhood , they still nag . gunnison well -- you know best . call you later , Jeff . jeff next time , have some good news . he hang up and resume he attention on the apartment of the salesman . ext . neighborhood - day - semi - long shot the salesman look toward the bedroom door , hesitates , then reluctantly walk toward it . for a moment he be hide by the wall . int . jeff' apartment - day - closeup Jeff shift he look more to the right . ext . neighborhood - day - semi - long shot the man enter the bedroom . we can see a woman lie on the far bed . near she , a small table be cover with medicine bottle , spoon , box of pill , a water pitcher and the other impedimenta of the chronically ill . the woman sit up as the man enter . she take a wet cloth off she forehead . before the man even reach she , she begin talk , somewhat vigorously . point to a wristwatch , she seem to be say something such as " you should have be home two hour ago ! I could be lie here die for all you would know -- or care ! " the man stop short of the bed , make gesture of try to placate she , but she go on scolding . his attitude change to weary patience , then irritation , then anger . he shout back at she , turn and go out of the room . back in the live room , he pick up he hat , throw it against the wall in anger , and leave the apartment , slamm the door behind he . int . jeff' apartment - day - medium shot Jeff 's attention be suddenly divert to himself . his leg , under the cast , begin itching . he squirm , try to move the leg a little . it give no relief . he scratch the outside of the cast , but the itch get worse . he reach for a long , chinese back scratcher lie on the windowsill . carefully , and with considerable ingenuity , he work it under the cast . he scratch , and a look of sublime relief come over he face . satisfied , he take the scratcher out . as he replace it on the windowsill , he attention be draw back to the scene outside the window . ext . neighborhood - day - semi - long shot we see the man who leave he apartment in anger come out of the doorway into the backyard . he be easy to identify through the color of he garish necktie . in one hand the man carry a small garden hoe and rake , and in the other a pair of trimming shear . he go to a small patch of flower , perhaps three foot square . they be beautiful , multi-color three foot high zinnia . he kneel down , inspect they , touch they affectionately and with some pride . his anger seem to have leave he , replace by the kind of peace that flower bring many people . he stand up , carefully hoe the ground , they rake it . then he snip a few leave off the lower part of the plant . finally , he water they . int . jeff' apartment - day - semi -closeup Jeff 's attention be turn to something else of interest . ext . neighborhood - day - semi - long shot into the next door yard we see emerge from the apartment below the ballet dancer , the elderly lady . she wear a broad sun hat , dark glass , and a sunsuit consist of pink short and halter . she carry a copy of the Herald tribune , and still wear she hearing aid . she settles into a fold , canvas deck chair . her skin be dead white , and she body be thin to the point of emaciation . no sooner have she settle into she chair , than she be attract by the sound of the salesman work in he garden . she get up , walk to the fence , and look over . he notice she , but do not speak . she begin gesture to he how to take care of he flower . he listen for a moment , then look directly at she . the strong movement of he mouth show we that he object vigorously to the annoyance of she comment . she move away from the fence , start and a little shocked . int . jeff' apartment - day - medium shot Jeff be seat in the foreground , in a waist shot . behind he , the entrance door to he apartment open . stella mcgaffery come in . she be a husky , unhandsome , dark - haire woman who be dress like a district nurse , with dark coat , dark feel hat , with a white uniform show underneath the coat . she carry a small black bag . stella pause on the landing to watch Jeff . he do not appear to notice she entrance . stella ( loud ) the New York State sentence for a peeping Tom be six month in the workhouse ! he do not turn . jeff hello stella . as she come down the stair of the landing , hold on the wringht iron railing with one hand : stella and there be not any window in the workhouse . she put she bag down on a table . it be wear , and look as if it belong more to a fighter than a nurse . she take off she hat coat , and hang they on a chair . stella year ago , they use to put out you eye with a hot poker . be one of that bikini bombshell you always watch worth a hot poker ? he do not answer . she open the bag , take out some medical supplies : a thermometer , a stop watch , a bottle of rub oil , a can of powder , a towel . she talk as she work . stella we have grow to be a race of peeping tom . what people should do be stand outside they own house and look in once in a while . ( she look up at he ) what do you think of that for homespun philosophy ? a look at he face show he do not think much of it . jeff reader ' digest , April , 1939 . stella well , I only quote from the best . she take the thermometer out of its case , shake it down . look at it . satisfied , she walk to Jeff . she swing the wheelchair around abruptly to face she . int . jeff' apartment - day - medium shot Jeff start to protest . jeff now look , stella -- she shove the thermometer into he mouth . stella see it you can break a hundred . as she leave he hold the thermometer the camera pull back as she cross to a divan . she take a sheet from underneath , and cover the divan with it . talk , all the time . stella I shoulda be a gypsy fortune teller , instead of a insurance company nurse . I get a nose for trouble -- can smell it ten mile away . ( stop , look at he ) you hear of the stock market crash in ' 29 ? Jeff nod a bored " yes . " stella I predict it . jeff ( around thermometer ) how ? int . jeff' apartment - day - semi -closeup stella stop for a moment , and look at Jeff challengingly . stella simple . I be nursing a director of General Motors . kidney ailment they say . nerves , I say . then I ask myself -- what 's General Motors get to be nervous about ? ( snap she finger ) overproduction . collapse , I answer . when General Motors have to go to the bathroom ten time a day -- the whole country 's ready to let go . int . jeff' apartment - day - closeup a patient , suffer look come over he face . he take out the thermometer . jeff stella -- in economics , a kidney ailment have no relationship to the stock market . absolutely none . stella it crash , do not it ? Jeff have no answer . defeat , he put the thermometer back into he mouth . int . jeff' apartment - day - closeup stella go on with she work . stella I can smell trouble right in this apartment . you break you leg . you look out the window . you see thing you should not . trouble . I can see you now , in front of the judge , flanke by lawyer in blue double - breast suit . you be plead , " judge , it be only innocent fun . I love my neighbor like a father . " -- the judge answer , " congratulation . you just give birth to three year in dannemora . " the camera pan her over to he . she take out the thermometer , look at it . jeff right now I would even welcome trouble . stella ( flatly ) you have get a hormone deficiency . jeff how can you tell that from a thermometer ! stella that sultry sun -worshiper you watch have not raise you temperature one degree in four week . she get down the thermometer . sterilize it with a piece of alcohol - soak cotton in she other hand . she get behind the wheelchair the camera pull back as she push it over to the divan . she put the thermometer away in its case . then she help he off with he pajama top . she help he stand on one foot . he hop one step , then she lower he , face down , on the divan . she get a bottle of rub oil . int . jeff' apartment - day - close shot the camera be very low at one end of the divan . Jeff 's head , half - bury in the sheet , be large in the fore-ground . Beyond he stella loom large and powerful - look . jeff I think you be right . there be go to be some trouble around here . stella take a handful of oil , slap it on he back . he wince . stella I know it ! jeff do not you ever heat that stuff up . stella give you circulation something to fight . ( begins massage he back ) what kind of trouble ? jeff Lisa fremont . stella you must be kid . a beautiful young woman , and you a reasonably healthy specimen of manhood . jeff she expect I to marry she . stella that 's normal . jeff I do not want to . stella ( slap cold oil on he ) that 's abnormal . jeff ( wincing ) I be not ready for marriage . stella nonsense . a man be always ready for marriage -- with the right girl . and Lisa fremont be the right girl for any man with half a brain , who can get one eye open . jeff ( indifferent ) she 's all right . she hit he with some more cold oil . he wince again . stella behind every ridiculous statement be always hide the true cause . ( peer at he ) what be it ? you have a fight ? jeff no. stella ( after a pause ) her father load up the shotgun ? jeff stella ! stella it 's happen before , you know ! some of the world 's happiest marriage have start ' under the gun ' you might say . jeff she 's just not the girl for I . stella she 's only perfect . jeff too perfect . too beautiful , too talented , too sophisticated , too everything -- but what I want . stella ( cautiously ) be what you want something you can discuss ? Jeff give a exasperate look . jeff it 's very simple . she belong in that rarefy atmosphere of Park Avenue , expensive restaurant , and literary cocktail party . stella people with sense can belong wherever they be put . jeff can you see she tramping around the world with a camera bum who never have more than a week 's salary in the bank ? ( almost to himself ) if only she be ordinary . stella sprinkle powder on he back , spread it around . the camera pull back as she help Jeff to a sit position . he button on he shirt . stella you be never go to marry ? jeff probably . but when I do , it will be to someone who think of life as more than a new dress , a lobster dinner , and the latest scandal . I need a woman who will go anywhere , do anything , and love it . the camera move in as she help he into the wheelchair , listen to he with exaggerated attention . he , stop as he notice she attitude . then he go on with less conviction : jeff the only honest thing to do be call it off . let she look for somebody else . stella I can just hear you now . " get out of here you perfect , wonderful woman ! you be too good for I ! " jeff ( after pause ) that 's the hard part . she swing he around in front of the window . he start to look out . stella look , Mr. jeffery . I be not educate . I be not even sophisticated . but I can tell you this -- when a man and a woman see each other , and like each other -- they should come together -- wham like two taxie on Broadway . not sit around study each other like specimen in at bottle . jeff there 's a intelligent way to approach marriage . stella ( scoff ) Intelligence ! nothing have cause the human race more trouble . modern marriage ! Jeff swing he chair back to look at she . jeff we have progress emotionally in -- stella ( interrupt ) baloney ! once it be see somebody , get excited , get marry -- now , it 's read book , fence with four syllable word , psychoanalyze each other until you can not tell a petting party from a civil service exam jeff people have different emotional level that -- stella ( interrupt again ) ask for trouble and you get it . why there 's a good boy in my neighborhood who go with a nice girl across the street for three year . then he refuse to marry she . why ? -- because she only score sixty - one on a look Magazine marriage quiz ! Jeff can not help smile . stella when I marry myle , we be both maladjust misfit . we still be . and we have love every minute of it . jeff that 's fine , stella . now would you make I a sandwich ? she relax . stella okay -- but I be go to spread some common sense on the bread . Lisa fremont 's load to she fingertip with love for you . I will give you two word of advice . marry she . jeff ( smile ) she pay you much ? stella leave for the kitchen in a huff . Jeff turn he chair to the window . int . jeff' apartment - day - semi -closeup Jeff now look out to see what have happen to the old lady , and the man with the flower . ext . neighborhood - day - semi - long shot the elderly lady be now asleep in she deck chair , she face cover with the Herald tribune . there be no sign of the man with the flower . int . jeff' apartment - day - closeup Jeff 's eye travel up to the ballet dancer 's window . ext . neighborhood - day - semi - long shot she be sit near the window look into a upright mirror . dreamily , and methodically , she be brush she long copper - color hair . int . jeff' apartment - day - closeup his eye be suddenly turn in another direction , sharply to he leave . ext . neighborhood - day - semi - long shot he be now look at the window of the apartment nearest to he . a shade have go up , and a man , obviously a caretaker be raise a window with some effort . have accomplish this , he turn back into the room , and we now see he approach a young man and woman who be stand just inside the doorway . he hand a key to the young man , and then obligingly bring in two suitcase which he place on the floor beside they . he give they a study , but agreeable nod , then depart . we now see that the girl have a small hat with a veil , and a ornate corsage pin to she light blue tailore suit . the boy , who like the girl be perhaps twenty year old , wear a dark blue serge suit and a grey feel hat . he take off the hat , and scale it over to a nearby chair . quickly they be in each other 's arm , kissing passionately , crush the girl 's corsage and push she hat back a little . they part , the boy laugh nervously , and take a furtive glance out toward the corridor . he look back into the room , and beckon she to come out . she follow he wonderingly . for a moment , both be lose from sight . when they reappear , he be carry she in he arm , over the threshold . he set she down , close the door , and they kiss again . they part , still hold hand and look into each other 's eye . then slowly , and significantly , she look toward the open window . he release she hand , go to the window and pull down the shade , as she be reach upward with both hand to unpin she hat . int . jeff' apartment - day - semi -closeup there be a soft , understanding look on Jeff 's face , and he give a involuntary sigh . he be unaware that stella be now stand behind he . stella ( quietly ) window shopper . he freeze , turn slowly to look up at she . fade out : fade in : ext . neighborhood - night - sunset - long shot the camera make a short sweep around the neighborhood show that some of the room be now with they light on . the camera pull back into Jeff 's apartment until he head fill the screen . he be asleep . a shadow of some other person creep over he face . his eye start to open . he look up . int . jeff' apartment - sunset - closeup the screen be fill with the eye , nose and mouth of a woman come nearer and nearer to the camera to kiss Jeff . the face be more or less in shadow , a faint light come onto the profile from the window . it move down until the lip move out of she bottom of she screen , and just the remain for fill the screen . int . jeff' apartment - sunset - closeup the two big profile fill the screen . the girl kiss Jeff firmly , but not passionately . then she head move back a inch or two . she speak . lisa ( softly ) how 's you leg ? jeff mmmm -- hurt a little . lisa and you stomach ? jeff empty as a football . lisa and you love life ? jeff not too active . lisa anything else bother you ? jeff uh-huh . she give a low . warm laugh , and the camera pull back to show that Lisa have be bend over Jeff 's wheelchair from the side . as she straighten up , it pan she swiftly over to the corner of the room , keep she in big closeup . she turn on a low , hang light . we see she full facial beauty for the first time . it be a warm , intelligent face . lisa ( as she move ) reading from top to bottom -- ( Light on ) Lisa -- the camera follows her quickly to another lamp . she get a little farther away from we so that we now see she down to she waist . she turn on the second lamp and the light show we that she beauty be not alone in she face . lisa Carol -- the camera pan her over to a third lamp which she turn on . she be now full figure , beautifully groom and flawless . her dress be high - style fashion and dramatic evening wear . lisa fremont . int . jeff' apartment - sunset - semi -closeup Jeff look across the room at she . jeff the Lisa fremont who never wear the same dress twice ? int . jeff' apartment - sunset - semi - long shot lisa only because it 's expect of she . she do a professional model 's turn in the dress show off its feature . lisa right off the Paris plane . think it will sell ? int . jeff' apartment - sunset - semi -closeup Jeff reply : jeff depend on the quote . let 's see -- there 's the plane ticket over , import duty , hide tax , profit markup -- lisa -- a steal at eleven hundred dollar . jeff ( a low whistle ) that dress should be list on the stock exchange . lisa we sell a dozen a day in this price range . jeff who busy they ? tax collector ? int . jeff' apartment - sunset - medium shot she laugh pleasantly . lisa even if I have to pay , it would be worth it -- just for the occasion . she look down at the long mahogany table beside she which be litter with a number of he personal effect . her own handbag be also on the table . as she talk she eye scan the table as if she 's look for something specific . jeff ( off -- puzzle ) something big go on somewhere ? lisa ( look up from the table ) go on right here . it 's a big night . jeff ( off ) it 's just a run-of - the-mill Monday . the calendar 's load with they . Lisa find what she have be look for . pick up a old and crack cigarette box , examine it as she talk . lisa it 's open night of the last depress week of L. B. jeffery in a cast . jeff ( off ) have not be any big demand for ticket . she turn to look at he , and move toward he , carry the cigarette box . lisa ( smiling ) that 's because I buy out the house . this cigarette box have see better day . int . jeff' apartment - sunset - medium shot Lisa face Jeff in the chair . jeff picked it up in shanghai -- which have also see better day . lisa it 's crack -- and you never use it . and it 's too ornate . I be send up a plain , flat silver one -- with just you initial engrave . jeff now that 's no way to spend you hard - earn money ! lisa I want to , Jeff . ( a sudden intake of breath ) oh ! she turn around quickly and dash to the door , drop the cigarette box on the table as she pass , the camera panning with she . she go up the two step , stop , turn back to Jeff . lisa what would you think of start off with dinner at the " 21 " ? int . jeff' apartment - sunset - semi -closeup jeff you have , perhaps , a ambulance outside ? int . jeff' apartment - sunset - semi - long shot she reach for the doorknob , turn it : lisa ( simply ) better than that . the " 21 . " she swing open the door and stand to one side . frame in the doorway be middle - age waiter wear a white linen pea jacket with a red collar . he 's carry in one hand a large portable warming oven , and in the other hand a ice bucket contain a bottle of wine cover with a napkin . int . jeff' apartment - sunset - closeup his reaction be one of tender amusement . int . jeff' apartment - sunset - medium shot lisa thank you for wait Carl . he smile , nod enter . he go down the stair , as she follow . the camera goe with both of they . lisa Kitchen 's on the leave . I will take the wine . he hand she the wine bucket and she place it on the table . he move toward the kitchen . carl good evening , Mr jeffery . jeff hello . Carl go into the kitchen . lisa ( up , to Carl ) just put everything right in the oven Carl . on " low . " carl ( off ) yes mar 'am . lisa ( enthusiastically ) let 's open the wine now . it 's a montrachet . jeff ( appreciatively ) a big glassful . she move to a small bar set in the wall cabinet . produce two glass , hold they up . lisa Big enough ? jeff Fine . corkscrew 's on the right . she find it . put the glass on the table , uncover the wine , and begin screwing in the corkscrew . lisa I could not think of anything more boring and tiresome than what you have be through . and the last week must be the hardest . jeff yeah -- I want to get this thing off and get move . lisa ( struggle with cork ) well , I be go to make this a week you will never forget . Carl come out of the kitchen carry the empty warming oven . he set it down he see Lisa struggle with the corkscrew . carl let I , madam . she do . he take out he own professional corkscrew , quickly insert it and lever the cork out . he deftly wrap the napkin around the bottle and pour the wine , replace the bottle in the wine bucket . Lisa have open she purse to produce some money , in bill . she hand it to the waiter . lisa this will take care of the taxi as well . Carl , without look at the money , put it in he pocket . carl thank you , miss fremont . he pick up the warning oven . carl have a pleasant dinner , Mr. jeffery . jeff thank you . Carl go up the stair and out the door , while the camera remains on Lisa and Jeff . she pick up both glass of wine and walk toward Jeff . she seat herself on the windowsill as she hand he he glass . we notice that the outside be considerably darker by now , and the light be beginning to come on in the various apartment outside . they raise they glass in a silent toast , and sip the wine . the camera close in until they be both in a tight tow shot . lisa what a day I have have ! jeff tire ? lisa not a bit . I be all morning in a sale meeting . then over to the waldorf for a quick drink with Madame dufresne -- just over from Paris . with some spy report . back to the " 21 " for lunch with the harper 's bazaar people -- that 's when I order dinner . then two fall showing -- twenty block apart . then I have to have a cocktail with leland and slim hayward -- we be try to get he next show . ( softly , look up to he ) then I have to dash back and change . jeff ( mock seriousness -- one girl to another ) tell I -- what be slim hayward wear ? lisa ( seriously ) she look very cool . she have on a mint green -- she break off with a little laugh , and a slight reproachful look at Jeff . she sip she drink then say : lisa and to think , I plant three nice item about you in the column today . Jeff 's opinion of that be a short chuckle . lisa you can not buy that kind of publicity . jeff that 's good news . lisa someday you might want to open up you own studio here . jeff how could I run it from say -- Pakistan ? she put down she glass and slide along the window seat nearer to he , the camera close in . she look up at he with a serious frankness . lisa Jeff -- be not it time you come home ? you could pick you assignment . jeff I wish there be one I want . lisa make the one you want . jeff ( as if he can not believe she ) you mean leave the magazine ? lisa yes . jeff for what ? lisa for yourself -- and I . ( she add eagerly ) I could get you a dozen assignment tomorrow ... fashion , portrait -- Jeff interrupt she with soft laughter . lisa ( offended ) do not laugh . -- I could do it ! jeff that 's what I be afraid of . ( he gaze into space ) could you see I -- drive down to the fashion salon in a jeep -- wear combat boot and a three day beard ? ( he chuckle at the think ) lisa I could see you look handsome and successful in a dark blue flannel suit . jeff ( look directly at she ) let 's not talk any more nonsense , huh ? she stand up . the camera pull back . lisa I would better start set up for dinner . she move away behind he , into the kitchen . int . jeff' apartment night - semi -closeup Jeff give a sigh of relief , exhaling he breath , then look down toward he leg in think . he hold this attitude for just a moment , then seem to shake off he concern to lift he head and turn he attention to what might be happen in he neighborhood beyond he window . behind he we see the vague form of Lisa bring in a card table , which she proceed to unfold . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot Jeff 's attention be concentrate on a apartment we have not see before . this belong to a single woman , about forty year of age . she life alone . her apartment be below that of the salesman with the invalid wife . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff lean forward with increase interest . behind he we get vague figure of Lisa lay a cloth over the card table . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot a nearer view show we a more intimate picture of the woman Jeff be concentrate on . she be thin and unattractive . at the moment , she be put on she make - up in front of the bedroom mirror . she give a half turn and pick up a pair of horn -rimm glass , which she put on , and lean nearer to she mirror . she pick up a lipstick and proceed to paint she lip carefully . have complete she make - up , she take off she glass and survey she face in the mirror . she stand up , swing the skirt of she dress around , admire herself in the mirror . she be quite flat - chest , and the dress hang unattractively . she lift she chin , give one last look , and turn toward she live room . as if she 's prepare to meet someone . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup without take he eye from the scene , Jeff pick up he wineglass and drink . as he drink , he eye move slightly over . ext . neighborhood night - semi - long shot the camera have panned slightly to the woman 's live room window . a small , candle - light table be set up , with dinner for two . the spinster sweep into the room , smile . she go to the door , open it , and in pantomime admit a imaginary caller . she pretend to kiss he lightly , take he hat , and place the hat on a chair . then she show he to a seat at the table , disappear into a unseen kitchen and return with a bottle and two glass . she sit down , pour two drink . she lift she drink in a toast to the imaginary man opposite she . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff give a faint , sympathetic smile , and subconsciously raise he glass in response . in the background , Lisa , have just place a pair of candlestick on the table , be return to the kitchen . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot have finish she drink , the lonesome woman pour herself another one . then she start to take a sip , smile across the table at she imaginary guest . she lower the glass onto the table . the smile fade from she face as she head drop . suddenly she bury she head in she arm over the table and start to sob . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff , he glass in hand , look out sympathetically . he be unaware that Lisa be stand behind he , and be also watch this little drama . lisa that 's what be know as " manless melancholia . " jeff ( nod agreement ) miss Lonely heart . at least that 's something you will never have to worry about . lisa oh ? you can see my apartment all the way up on 63rd street ? jeff not exactly -- but we have a little apartment here that 's probably about as popular as yours . ( he point ) you , of course , remember miss torso . both of they swing they eye a little to the leave . ext . neighborhood night - semi - long shot the kitchen -line room combination of the ballet dancer 's apartment have now be make more presentable . the ice box be now skillfully conceal by a large chinese screen . all kitchen utensil have be put away , replace by more attractive effect , and lamp light soften the surroundings . miss torso be now wear a cocktail dress , which show off she figure to great advantage , especially when she lean toward three assort man to offer they a plate of hor d' oeuvre . she be the perfect hostess , animated , charming , and with a add personal touch for each guest . she be behave with a sophistication which be not apparent when we first see she in the morning . her every movement be follow admiringly by the eye of the three man -- one wear black tie , with a touch of grey in he hair , a Long Island socialite -- a young rather handsome , actor in grey flannel suit -- and last , a bright , pleasant , young man who might possibly be from Wall street , wear a blue-pin-striped suit . the latter two be engage in a animated conversation . the young man in the grey suit be show the other young man some newspaper cutting he 's take from he pocket . miss torso see that the cocktail glass of the third man be empty . she take it over to the window , and start to fill it . the man in the tuxedo follow she over , with a casual glance toward the other two . he stand beside she as she make the drink . he look at he watch with some impatience , and make a side comment to she as to the lateness of the time . she turn , give he a light kiss on he cheek , as if she 's tell he to be patient . instead of pacify he , it make he more amorous , and he put a arm around she shoulder a plant a heavy kiss on she cheek . she turn to face he , they look into each other 's eye a moment , and she allow herself to be kiss on the lip -- but only long enough so as to attract the attention of the other two man . with a little admonish look , she move away from he , and make he rejoin the other two . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff turn and look up to Lisa with a grin . jeff well , she pick the most prosperous look one . lisa she 's not in love with he -- or any of they . jeff how can you tell that -- from here ? lisa you say it resemble my apartment , do not you ? she move away with a significant look to he . the camera move in until Jeff be in semi-closeup , alone . he ponder over she last remark , then change he look to another direction . ext . neighborhood - night - medium shot the newlywed 's apartment have the shade still draw . although there 's a light burn inside . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup there be a slight , but warm , smile on Jeff 's face as he look at the draw shade . his eye move away from the newlywed ' apartment , and slowly explore the neighborhood to he right . he find something of interest , and stop to stare at it . his face sober at what he see . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot the salesman 's apartment . we see both the live room and the bedroom . the salesman have prepare a dinner tray , and be carry it from the kitchen , through the lining room , into the bedroom . he place it on the lap of he wife , sit up in bed . he put a couple of pillow behind she back to make she more comfortable . she do not bother to thank he , but be busy examine the content of the tray . her attitude show she dissatisfaction . nothing be right . it 's not what she want , and it 's badly prepare . she begin criticize he . he start to answer she back , but decide better of it , and instead , leave the room . he go to the kitchen reach up to a wall cabinet , take down a bottle and pour himself a drink . then he return to the lining room , listen a moment . the wife be grudge beginning to eat the dinner . the husband quietly lift a phone from the cradle , and dial a number . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff become completely absorb with he see . he lean forward a little . ext . neighborhood - night - medium shot we get a better view of the salesman wait while he connection be be make . whoever he have call answer . and instantly there be a mark change in he attitude . he relax , smile , be warm . he talk softly , perhaps guardedly , with a occasional glance at the bedroom door . in the bedroom , he wife have become aware of the call . quietly she move the tray , get out of bed , and go to the bedroom door to listen . the wall hide she from we view . then suddenly , she apparently open the door , because the live room , we see she arm suddenly appear , point at the man and the telephone . he speak quickly into the phone , and hang up . his face be flushed and angry as he go toward the bedroom . in the bedroom he wife appear walk back to the bed , follow by the husband . she be laugh , and he be answer she in angry tone . she climb in bed laugh . the more she laugh , the more angry he get , and the harder she laugh . finally , he leave the room , go into the live room , back into the kitchen and have another drink . he stand there , control a outburst of emotion , and seem almost to be crush the shot glass in he clench fist . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup while Jeff have be engage in watch this little drama , the SOUND of a piano have start . he now divert he attention from the salesman 's apartment to the source of the piano music . he turn he eye in the direction of the composer 's apartment . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot through the studio window of the song - writer 's apartment we see the man at work again on he original melody , and he be farther along the line of the melody than before . it be beginning to take some shape , and give promise of its full beauty . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff , listen to the composer . his head turn as Lisa 's voice come over : lisa ( emerging from kitchen ) where 's that music come from ? the camera quickly pull back as Jeff swing he chair around . Lisa be emerge from the kitchen , carry the serve dish of they lobster thermidor . jeff oh ... some songwriter . in the studio apartment . live alone . probably have a unhappy marriage . lisa ( put down the food ) I think it 's enchant . she pull up a chair and seat herself at the card table . we now observe that two small light candle adorn the table , and the rest of the room light be out . lisa almost as if it be be write especially for we . jeff ( pleasantly ) no wonder he 's have so much trouble with it . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup a faint shade of disappointment be see on Lisa 's face ; but she quickly recover and look down at the table . lisa well , at least you can not say the dinner be not right . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff look at she soberly . jeff Lisa , it 's perfect ( look down at the food , without enthusiasm ) as always . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup the brightness drain from Lisa 's face , and she lower she eye slowly toward the table . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot Lisa slowly help Jeff to lobster from the main dish . lap dissolve to : int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot shoot over Jeff 's shoulder we see beyond he the divan - bed upon which Lisa be stretch out . there be one light burn , behind Lisa 's head . a fierce discussion be in progress . Lisa gesticulates with she hand , body and leg . lisa there can not be that much difference between people and the way they live ! we all eat , talk , drink , laugh , sleep , wear clothes -- Jeff raise both he hand . jeff well now , look -- Lisa draw back one leg , and point a finger challengingly . lisa if you be say all this just because you do not want to tell I the truth , because you be hide something from I , then maybe I can understand -- jeff there 's nothing I be hide . it 's just that -- lisa ( wo not let he break in ) it do not make sense to I . what 's so different about it here from over there , or any place you go , that one person could not live in both place just as easily ? jeff some people can . now if you will let I explain -- lisa ( ignore he ) what be it but travel from one place to another , take picture ? it 's just like be a tourist on a endless vacation . jeff all right . that 's you opinion . you be entitle to it , but -- lisa it 's ridiculous for you to say that it can only be do by a special , private little group of anoint people . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff begin to get desperate . jeff I make a simple , but true statement and I will back it up , if you will just shut up for a minute ! int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot Lisa , stretch out on the divan . she look at he for a moment without speak . then : lisa if you opinion be as rude as you manner , I be not sure I want to hear it . we see Jeff 's hand come to the foreground with a restrain gesture . jeff ( sooth she ) Lisa , simmer down -- will you ? lisa ( something start she up again ) you can not fit in here -- I can not fit in there . accord to you , people should be bear , live a die on the same -- jeff ( loud , sharp ) Lisa ! shut up ! Lisa turn on she side , and stare into the room , angrily . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup after a moment of silence , Jeff say earnestly : jeff do you ever eat fish head and rice ? lisa of course not . jeff you might have to , if you go with I . ever try to keep warm in a C - 54 , at fifteen thousand foot , at twenty below zero ? int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Lisa , still look out into the room , and without turn , say : lisa oh , I do that all the time . whenever I have a few minute after lunch . jeff ever get shot at , run over , sandbagge at night because people get unfavorable publicity from you camera ? she do not answer , obviously annoyed at the unnecessary question . jeff that high heel would be a lot of use in the jungle -- and that nylon and six - ounce lingerie -- lisa ( quickly ) Three . jeff well , they would be very stylish in Finland -- just before you froze to death . begin to get the idea ? she turn at last , and look across at he . lisa if there 's one thing I know , it 's how to wear the proper clothes . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot shoot over lisa' shoulder , and down she body , with Jeff in the chair beyond . Jeff say , as if remember some old experience : jeff huh ? try and find a raincoat in Brazil . even when it be not raining ( squint at she ) Lisa , on this job you carry one suitcase . you home be the available transportation . you sleep rarely , bathe even less , and sometime the food you even look at when they be alive ! lisa Jeff , you do not have to be deliberately repulsive just to impress I I be wrong . jeff if anything , I be make it sound good . ( a thoughtful pause ) let 's face it , Lisa ... you be not make for that kind of a life . few people be . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Lisa realize she be get nowhere . lisa you be too stubborn to argue with . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff , get angry . jeff I be not stubborn ! I be truthful ! int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Lisa , with sarcasm . lisa I know . a lesser man would have tell I it be one long holiday -- and I would have awaken to a rude disillusionment . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff be definitely angry . jeff now if you want to get vicious , I would be very happy to accommodate you ! int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Lisa start to rise from the divan , the camera panning up . she move away from the camera into the center of the room , as she say : lisa ( wearily ) no . I do not particularly want that . ( she turn , face he ) so that 's it . you will not stay here -- I can not go with you . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff look across at she with some concern . jeff it would be the wrong thing . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot Lisa , from Jeff 's viewpoint . lisa you do not think either one of we could ever change ? jeff right now , it do not seem so . Lisa begin to move around the room assemble she possession preparatory to leave . she put a comb , and other effect , into a handbag . she get she steal . all this as she talk . lisa ( simply ) I be in love with you . I do not care what you do for a live . somehow I would just like to be part of it . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff start to say something then think better of it , and remain silent . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot Lisa pause in the act of gather she thing together . lisa and it 's deflate to find out that the only way I can be part of it -- be to take out a subscription to you magazine . I guess I be not the girl I think I be . jeff there 's nothing wrong with you , Lisa . you have the town in the palm of you hand . lisa ( look at Jeff ) not quite -- it seem . ( toss a steal over she shoulder ) Goodbye , Jeff . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup jeff you mean " goodnight . " lisa I mean what I say . Jeff 's eye follow she up the step toward the door . he call out to she , impulsively , as we hear the SOUND of the door open . jeff Lisa ! int . jeff' apartment - night - semi - long shot Lisa turn in the half - open door . jeff can not we just sort of keep thing status quo ? lisa without any future ? int . jeff' apartment - night - semi long shot Jeff try to be pleasant , and offhand . jeff well -- when will I see you again ? int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Lisa , stand in the open doorway . lisa not for a long time . not , at least until -- ( she begin smile ) -- tomorrow night . continue smile as she close the door softly behind she . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup the pleasantness on Jeff 's face slowly melt into baffle discouragement . he reach for a nearby phone pick up the receiver , dial . it buzze on filter . receiver up on filter . gunnison ( filter ) hello . jeff gunnison ? gunnison yeah . be that you , Jeff ? jeff it 's I . gunnison something wrong ? jeff the word be " everything . " now what time do my plane leave Tuesday ? gunnison ( unhappy ) Jeff -- jeff ( wo not give he time to argue ) I do not care where it go -- just as long as I be on it . gunnison ( wearily , after pause ) okay . indo - China . Tuesday . we will pick you up . jeff that 's more like it . goodnight , old buddy . gunnison yeah . Jeff hang up , look up to the door through which Lisa leave . he 's not particularly happy . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff return to the window . he light a cigarette and smoke it peacefully , as he contemplate the neighborhood . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot the camera slowly sweep over the various apartment with a odd window light here and there . in the distant street there be still some traffic pass , with one or two pedestrian go by . the camera complete its sweep , and start to move back again . somewhere a dog howl . the panning camera come to a sudden halt . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff smile a little , but as the howl continue , he expression sober . his eye begin to scan the neighborhood , as if look for the source . he fail to find it , and sit there , puzzle and disturb . the scene , and the sound of the dog : fade out : fade in : int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff 's chair be turn face the window so that we see the darken room behind he . there be just one side light burn , which illuminate the side of he face . his head nod sleepily as he doze . he open he eye and look out , as a slight sound of rain start . ext . neighborhood - night - long shot from he viewpoint we see the first few drop of rain start to fall . it be sort , gentle rain , not a downpour . there be still some window light in the neighborhood . the apartment house corridor all have small night light burn . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff waken a little more fully as he attention be draw to : ext . neighborhood - night - medium shot the couple who sleep on the fire escape . the increase rain cause they to hastily gather they thing to retreat inside . the man , hurriedly untying the alarm clock from the railing of the fire escape , let it slip through he finger . as if fall to the garden below , the camera fan swiftly down with it . when the clock hit the ground , the alarm go off send a shrill sound through the neighborhood . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff smile at the incident , and then lower he eye slightly as something else catch he attention . ext . neighborhood - night - medium shot come out of he apartment into the corridor on the floor below be the salesman with the nag wife . the shade be draw in he apartment , but a light burn dimly behind they . the salesman carry a large aluminum suitcase -- the same one we see he with earlier in the day . the sound of the alarm startles he . he turn toward the window a moment listen . then reassure that be be nothing important , he turn and move down the corridor . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff be puzzle . he look down a moment in think . then he dart he eye and swing they toward the leave . he look steadily toward the distant street corner . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot the street corner , light by a lamp , be desert . a moment later , the salesman , still carry the suitcase , move diagonally across the corner , head down against the rain . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff look wonderingly at this nocturnal activity . then he look down at he wristwatch . insert Jeff 's watch read 1:55 . quick fade out : quick fade in : insert the watch now read 2:35 . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup more puzzle , allow he eye to travel from the street to the apartment corridor . ext . neighborhood - night - medium shot the salesman be see come down the corridor to he apartment , still carry the aluminum case . he quickly enter he apartment door in a business - like manner . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff start to assume a thoughtful air , when he be startle by a light which fall across he face from the right . he look toward the light . ext . neighborhood - night - medium shot the light come from the song - writer 's apartment . his door be open , and he be hang onto the door frame , he hand still on the light switch . he survey he apartment . he appear rather drunk . he come into the apartment , close the door behind he , and sway a little . he wear a hat , push back on he forehead , and no raincoat . his clothes be quite wet . he might have even fall . he look disgustedly at the piano , then lurch toward it . there be no doubt now as the state of he drunkenness . at the piano he viciously sweep all the note paper off the music stand . this seem to give he some satisfaction , but he lose he balance , twist sideways , and fall into a nearby chair . he remain there , bleary - eye and a little sick . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup what he have observe seem to give Jeff a idea . he move he wheelchair backward and to the leave alongside the side board . awkwardly , with he leave hand , he reach up for a bottle of whiskey . he cradle the bottle in he lap , and reach for a tumbler . he then wheel back to the window , and pour himself a good , long drink . he lift up the glass , start to drink , but something happen beyond he window startles he and he stop in the middle of he drink , he eye a little wider then usual . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot the salesman be again leave he apartment with he aluminum suitcase . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff 's eye travel down to the street . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot a brief moment or two . then the salesman , carry he aluminum case , cross the street . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff 's face be expressionless . he just stare . fade out : fade in : int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff 's head be nodd and doze again . the side light from the song - writer 's apartment be no longer on he face . Jeff 's eye open , then he head come up quickly , try to clear the sleep from he mind , as he remember the object of he vigilance . ext . neighborhood - night - medium shot the salesman 's apartment show the shade draw and a dim light burn behind they . the camera pan to the empty corridor . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff 's eye turn sharply in the direction of the street . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot the street be desert . at the right hand side of the screen a light go on . the camera pan over and we see that miss torso have return from she date . she be wear a three - quarter length coat over she evening dress . she be inside , with the door two - third close , but she lean out to kiss someone goodnight . then it take some coax to get the door completely close . she turn the key in the lock . she listen a moment then come to the center of the room . she take she coat off and drape it over chair . she remove the screen in front of the ice box , then open the ice box . she search it for something to eat ; find a big piece of pumpkin pie . she close the ice box . she start to eat the pie as she move in the direction of the bathroom . stop a moment , she put the piece of pie on a table , and proceed to take off she dress . undoing the zipper , she slide it over she head as she pass into the bathroom . the dress be throw on a nearby chair , and the bare arm pick up a piece of pie . she be now in the bathroom . we see she slip down the brassiere strap , but the window do not permit we to see any lower . as she munch on the pie , she pull out a few pin hold up she hair , which she proceed to brush rhythmically . she turn and move down she bare back . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff 's eye suddenly switch to the street . ext . neighborhood - night - semi long shot we catch a quick glimpse of the salesman , just pass the alleyway , suitcase in hand . the camera pan across the ballet dancer 's apartment , over to the salesman 's apartment . it wait , until he appear in the corridor . he enter he apartment . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff sit in he wheelchair , look quietly out at the neighborhood , sleep beginning to take hold on he again . ext . neighborhood - night - long shot the camera pan slightly over the whole of the neighborhood . the light in miss torso 's apartment snap out . only one light remain . it burn behind the draw shade of the salesman 's apartment . fade out : fade in : int . jeff' apartment - dawn - closeup a big head of Jeff . he be still in he wheelchair , sound asleep . the camera pan off he face , out through the window . the rain have stop , and the general light of dawn be come up . the camera come to rest on the salesman 's apartment and corridor , which be still dimly light by the electric light . we see the salesman emerge into the corridor , pause a moment to allow a woman to proceed he . her back be to the camera and we do not see she face . they move away , down the corridor . the camera pan back into Jeff 's sleep face . fade out : fade in : ext . neighborhood - day - long shot it be now mid-morn . the sun be shine . miss torso be practice she dance to the sound of ballet music . we can hear the song - writer at work , but the thing that attract we attention mostly , be some action that emanate from the fire escape where the couple sleep at night . on a long rope , the woman be lowering a open wicker basket in which sit a small dog . when be reach the yard below , the camera panning down , the dog step out and run off to explore the yard . the woman pull up the basket , and leave it on the fire escape . the camera pull back into Jeff 's apartment where stella be busy massage Jeff 's back at he lie face down on the divan . stella you would think the rain would have cool thing off . all it do be make the heat wet . stella hit a sore muscle in Jeff 's back . he jump . jeff that 's a stiff one . int . jeff' apartment - day - medium shot a low camera have Jeff 's head on the foreground , with stella just behind he , at work on he back . she attack the sore muscle vigorously . stella the insurance company would be a lot happier if you sleep in you bed , not the wheelchair . jeff ( between clench tooth ) how do you know ! stella eye bloodshot . must have be stare out the window for hour . jeff I be . stella ( massage harder ) what will you do if one of they catch you ? jeff depend one which one . she stop massage , reach for the oil . jeff now miss torso , for example -- stella hit he back with a palmful of cold oil . it take he breath . stella keep you mind off she . jeff she 's real eat , drink and be merry girl . stella and she will end up fat , alcoholic and miserable . jeff speak of misery , miss Lonely heart drank herself to sleep again . alone . stella poor girl . someday she will find she happiness . jeff and some man will lose he . stella be not there anyone in the neighborhood who might cast a eye in she direction ? jeff well , the salesman could be available soon . stella ( interested in the scandal ) he and he wife split up ? jeff it 's hard to figure . he go out several time last night , in the rain carry he sample case . stella ( so ? ) be not he a salesman ? jeff now what could he sell at three in the morning ? stella ( shrug ) flashlight . luminous dial for watch . House number that light up . jeff he be take something out of the apartment . I be certain . she help he to a sit position . stella his personal effect . he 's probably run away -- the coward . jeff sometimes it 's worse to stay than it be to run . stella ( look at he ) but it take a particularly low type of man to do it . Jeff turn he head away for a moment . she help he into the chair . hand he he shirt , which he proceed to put on . the back of he chair be to the window . stella ( put oil and power away ) what about this morning ? any development ? jeff no . the shade be still draw in they apartment . stella ( stop ) in this heat ? ( turn , look over he shoulder ) they be up now . int . jeff' apartment - day - semi -closeup he quickly turn he wheelchair around to the window until he be in profile . ext . neighborhood - day - semi - long shot the salesman , have just raise the shade in the live room , be now look out the window . it be not a casual look , but a long , careful , search appraisal of all the apartment house window in he neighborhood , start from he leave to he right . his eye move closer toward Jeff 's apartment . int . jeff' apartment - day - medium shot Jeff in he chair , face the window , stella beside he . Jeff nearly knock the startle stella off she foot with he arm . jeff get back ! out of sight ! Quick ! he propel he chair backward quickly , and stella move to the side with surprising agility . they be both in shadow . stella ( a startle whisper ) what be it ? what 's the matter ? Jeff keep he eye train on the window . jeff ( quietly ) the salesman 's look out he window . stella relax , give Jeff a disgust look , and start to move out of the shadow . stella a Federal offense . jeff ( sharply ) get back there ! he will see you ! she move back into the shadow . stella I be not shy . I have be look at before . jeff ( still peer toward window ) it 's not a ordinary look . it 's the kind of look a man give when he 's afraid somebody might be watch he . ext . neighborhood - day - semi - long shot the salesman complete he search glance at the neighborhood . then something directly below he window catch he attention . he look sharply downward , he body visibly tensing . int . jeff' apartment - day - medium shot Jeff , with a restrain hand to stella , begin to edge he chair cautiously forward so that he can see what the salesman be look at . ext . neighborhood - day - semi - long shot the camera move forward , and as it reach the edge of the window , pan down and show we what the salesman be look at . the little dog that be lower in the basket be sniff at the salesman 's personal flower bed . int . jeff' apartment - day - closeup Jeff 's eye move up quickly to look at the salesman . ext . neighborhood - day - semi - long shot the salesman lean forward and grip the window sill as he watch the dog . the camera pan down and we now see that the old lady with the hearing aid be lean over the fence admonish the dog . we can faintly hear she voice say something to the effect that he will get into trouble . the dog turn to glance at she and apparently take heed , move away . the old lady be wear a fade house -robe . int . jeff' apartment - day - closeup Jeff be amused at the dog incident . behind he , stella move to the center of the room , say : stella Goodbye , Mr. jeffery . I will see you tomorrow . jeff ( grunt ) uh-huh . she begin put she equipment back into she black bag . Jeff 's eye lift to the salesman 's apartment , and the amusement drain from he face . he lean forward a little , tensely . ext . neighborhood - day - semi - long shot the salesman have he aluminum case on the table near the center of the room . he be carefully wiping out the interior with dust cloth . int . jeff' apartment - day - semi -closeup Jeff watch intently . stella put the last of she thing into she bag . stella and do not sleep in the chair again . Jeff continue to what the salesman , he face show a great concentration of think . jeff uh-huh . stella pick up she bag , stare at Jeff 's back a moment , then start for the door . stella uh-huh . uh-huh . great conversationalist . Jeff swing half - way around in he chair just as stella reach the top of the step . jeff stella . she turn around . Jeff point to a coat-stand near the door . jeff ( go on quickly ) will you take that binocular out of the case and bring they to I . she put down she bag , reach for the binocular , take they out the case . she come down the stair , bring they to he . he immediately swing to the window , and lift they to he eye . stella sniff , then go to the door , as she say : stella trouble . I cam smell it . I will be glad when they crack that cast , and I get out of here . as stella go out the door , the camera move in until Jeff 's head , and the binocular , be fill the screen . ext . neighborhood - day - semi - long shot the salesman have complete he clean of the case . he be in the act of place it on the floor . he turn and again glance out of the window . int . jeff' apartment - day - closeup Jeff quickly lower the binocular and edge back a few inch . he watch a moment , then cautiously lift the binocular again . ext . neighborhood - semi - long shot - ( day ) the man be now move out of the live room , and the binocular pan he though to the small kitchen which be see through a side window . the man start to busy himself in this kitchen with he back to we , but the image be very unsatisfactory . int . jeff' apartment - day - semi -closeup Jeff lower the binocular and there be a expression of exasperation on he face . he throw the binocular down , and then look about he . he back he chair up quickly toward the main cabinet on he leave . he lean down , open a cupboard door and take out a long - focus lens . then from a shelf above he take a small exacta camera . he quickly take off the exist lens and put on the telephoto lens in its place . he wheel himself back to the window and raise the camera to he eye . ext . neighborhood - day - close shot through the view - finder of the camera , we be now bring into close proximity with the salesman in he little kitchen . his back be still to we . he half - turn and take a use newspaper . he spread it open , along the drainboard . from the sink he take out a large butcher 's knife , and a long , narrow see . they disappear from sight as he lay they on the newspaper and proceed to wrap they up . have complete he job , he emerge from the kitchen carry the newspaper - wrap parcel . for a moment he be lose behind the wall that separate the kitchen recess from the live room . he do not reappear for a moment . int . jeff' apartment - day - closeup Jeff lower the camera for a moment , and watch tensely . suddenly he put it up to he eye again . ext . neighborhood - day - close shot half of a man 's body be now see in the live room . then the salesman turn and move to the center of the room . he be not carry anything . he sit down on a couch , with a display of fatigue . he yawn and stretch out of sight at full length on the couch . int . jeff' apartment - day - closeup Jeff lower the camera . he watch the live room for a moment . then he eye travel briefly back to the kitchen ; then return to the live room . his brow knit a little as we : fade out : fade in : ext . neighborhood - night - closeup the thermometer outside of Jeff 's window , register 83 degree . the camera pan off to the leave until it come to rest on the song - writer 's studio . he be dress only in bathing trunk , and be vigorously clean he rug with a carpet sweeper . in the middle of he sweeping , he stop , hurry a step or two to the piano . he play a couple of note with one hand , while he stand . listen , play they again . decide they be no good , and return to he carpet sweeping . the camera pan farther left to the salesman 's apartment . there be no light burn behind the draw shade of the bedroom , but the live room and the kitchen be light . there be no sign of the salesman . the camera continue its pan to the leave , to include the couple who sleep on the fire escape in the hot weather . we now get a opportunity to examine this people more closely . the man be bald , and middle - age . he be wear stripe pajamas . he be in the act of lay out the mattress . his wife be slightly young , peroxide , fade show girl type . also wear pajamas , with a fluffy handkerchief in the leave pocket , the wife be lean over the railing hold onto the rope which lead to the dog 's basket now on the floor of the courtyard . have be a one- time siffleuse , she call to the dog be clarion and melodic . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot the little dog emerge reluctantly from the shadow , and step into the basket . it begin to move upward , and the camera follows it . when the basket reach the fire escape , the camera pan on to the apartment of miss torso . she be in the bathroom brush she long hair , while she thought seem to be far away . the camera drop down to the apartment below , occupy by the elderly lady with the hearing aid . for the first time we see something of she activity inside the apartment . she wear a short smock , although she leg be still bare . she be hard at work on a piece of abstract sculpture . it take the form of a piece of mahogany through which a simple hole have be carve . the camera move on much farther to the leave , and eventually come to rest on the newly - wed ' apartment with the shade still draw . it move on and at last pass though Jeff 's window , and come to rest on the two bid head of Jeff and Lisa . her lip be brush lightly against he cheek as she speak : lisa how far do a girl have to go -- before you notice she ? Jeff move he eye slightly to something outside the window . jeff if she 's pretty enough , she do not have to go anywhere . she just have to " be " . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot the salesman 's apartment , just as we see it a moment ago . the shade draw and light out in the bedroom , the shade up and light on in the live room and kitchen . still no one in sight . lisa well , " be not I ? " -- pay attention to I . int . jeff' apartment - night - two shot we be now able to see that Jeff 's apartment be in darkness , only faintly light from the distant light of the neighbor ' window . by she position , Lisa be seat on Jeff 's sound knee , she arm around he neck . jeff I be not exactly on the other side of the room . lisa you mind be . and when I want a man , I want all of he . she start kissing he . jeff do not you ever have any problem ? lisa ( murmur , kissing he ) I have one now . jeff so do i. lisa ( kiss ) tell I about it . jeff ( slight pause ) why would a man leave he apartment three time , on a rainy night , with a suitcase ? and come back three time ? lisa he like the way he wife welcome he home . jeff not that salesman 's wife . and why do not he go to work today ? lisa homework . it 's more interesting . jeff what 's interesting about a butcher 's knife and a small see wrap up in a newspaper ? lisa nothing , thank heaven . jeff ( look again ) why have not he go into he wife 's bedroom all day ? lisa I would not dare answer that . jeff ( after pause ) Lisa -- there 's something terribly wrong . she give up try to interest he in romance , and move back from the embrace . the camera pull back . lisa and I be afraid it 's with I . Lisa stand , straighten out she dress , stretch a little then she turn to the divan , apparently not too interested in he observation about the salesman 's life . jeff ( look at Lisa ) what do you think ? lisa ( without return he look ) something too frightful to utter . Jeff be thoughtful for a moment , then he relax and smile a little . he turn to the window to look out again . Lisa exit the picture . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot Lisa stretch herself out on the divan . her head rest on the cushion at the far end , and she instinctively fall into a attractive pose . however , she expression be disturb as she watch Jeff . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup he stare intently out the window . jeff he go out a few minute ago -- in he undershirt -- and he have not come back yet . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Lisa weigh this information , try to make some sense out of it . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff turn he eye from the salesman 's apartment , and look down reflectively . he look up again , and then he eye catch sight of something . he lean forward slightly . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot miss torso be lie , face down , on she divan bed . the only light in the apartment be from a read lamp . she be read a book hold in one hand , while eat a sandwich in another . her back be bare , and all she wear be a pair of brief dark blue short . at one point , she lift she torso up slightly to brush crumb out from beneath she . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup he look away from miss torso , thoughtfully . jeff you know -- that would be terrible job to tackle . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Lisa lean forward and look out the window to see what Jeff be refer to . she turn back to he with a blank stare . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff turn and look at she , quite unaware of she surprise at he comment . jeff how would you begin to cut up a human body ? int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot Lisa sit bolt upright on the divan . she reach back quickly and pull on the overhead light . at that moment the songwriter return to he compose . we can see he over Lisa 's shoulder . he be beginning he song again , and it have take on new fullness and melody . although it be not complete , it be farther along then before , and he play he theme a number of different way , try to move it note by note to its completion . Lisa just stare at Jeff for a moment . lisa Jeff -- I will be honest with you -- you be beginning to scare I a little . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff be stare out of the window again . over this we hear Lisa 's voice : lisa ( quietly insistent ) Jeff -- do you hear what I say ? you be beginning to -- Jeff put out a restrain hand . jeff ( interrupt ) be quiet ! shhh ! ( pause ) he 's come back ! ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot at last the salesman be see come along the corridor . he do not wear shirt , but only a undershirt . slung over one shoulder , with he arm through be , be a large coil of sturdy rope . he go through the live room into the bedroom . he do not put on the bedroom light . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff reach quickly for he binocular , and train they on the salesman 's apartment . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot as see though the binocular , the salesman come out of the bedroom , to the kitchen , where he get a carve knife . he turn around and go back to the bedroom . the light go on behind the draw shade , after a short moment . the dim shadow of the salesman be see move around the room . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot Lisa , still stretch out on the divan look at Jeff , suddenly sit upright and then get up from the divan , mover over to Jeff , the camera go with she . in a sudden surprise move , she swing he chair completely around so that he back be to the window . he drop the binocular into he lap in surprise . the camera move in as Lisa lean over Jeff , grip both side of he chair lisa ( sharply ) Jeff -- if you could only see yourself . jeff now , Lisa -- lisa ( abruptly ) sitting around , look out a window to kill time , be one thing -- but do it the way you be -- ( she gesture ) -- with , with binocular , and with wild opinion about every little movement you see -- be , be disease ! jeff do you think I consider this recreation ? lisa I do not know what you consider it -- but if you do not stop it , I be get out of here . jeff you would better before you catch the disease ! lisa ( insistent ) what be it you be look for ? jeff I want to find out what 's wrong with the salesman 's wife . do that make I sound like a madman ? lisa what make you think something 's wrong with she ? lisa a lot of thing . she 's a invalid who need constant care -- and yet the husband nor anyone else have be in there all day . lisa maybe she die . jeff where 's the doctor -- the undertaker ? lisa she could be under sedative , sleep . ( look up ) he 's in the room now . Jeff try to turn around , but she will not let the chair move . jeff Lisa , please ! lisa there 's nothing to see . jeff there be -- I have see thing through that window ! bicker , family fight , mysterious trip at night , knife , saw , rope -- and since last evening , not a sight or sound of he wife ! now you tell I where she be and what she 's do ! lisa maybe he 's leave he wife . I do not know , and I do not care . lot of people have saw , knife and rope around they house . lot of man do not speak to they wife all day . lot of wife nag , and man hate they , and trouble start -- but very , very , very few of they end up in murder -- if that 's what you be think . jeff it 's pretty hard to stay away from that word be not be ? lisa you could see all the thing he do , could not you ? jeff what be you get at ? lisa you could see that he do because he have the shade in he apartment up , and walk along the corridor , and the street and the backyard ? jeff yeah . lisa Jeff , do you think a murderer would let you see all that ? that he should not keep he shade down and hide behind they ? jeff that 's where he 's be clever . acting nonchalant . lisa and that 's where you be not be clever . he would not parade he crime in front of the open shade . she turn the wheelchair slightly to she leave so that he can see the newlywed ' apartment . lisa ( point ) for all you know -- there 's something a lot more sinister go on behind that shade . ext . neighborhood - night - medium shot the draw shade of the newlywed ' apartment . a dim light burn behind they . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot Jeff look , turn back to she , try to suppress a chuckle . jeff no comment . lisa do not you see how silly you be be ? jeff okay , Lisa -- probably you be right . he 's probably in the bedroom now , entertaining he wife with the indian rope trick . I will admit to criminal insanity . now when do I start the cure ? Lisa half look up and out the window . she open she mouth to answer , but a new look overtake she face . it be concern , surprise , and a little shock . Jeff see the change , be sober , and quickly turn the chair around . he look out the window , use he binocular . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot the shade in the bedroom be now up . both bed be empty , and stripped of they linen , the mattress throw up over the end of the bed . the salesman , sweat heavily , stand over a large , square trunk in the center of the room . it be stoutly bound by the heavy rope we previously see he bring into the apartment . he wipe one forearm across he brow , and then head for the kitchen . in the kitchen , he produce a bottle , pour himself two or three straight drink , then lean with a display of exhaustion against the kitchen sink . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot Jeff lower the glass . his look be sober . Lisa stand behind he , one hand on the back of the wheelchair . she , too , be serious . the camera move in until Lisa 's head fill the screen . she say , slowly : lisa let 's start from the beginning again , Jeff . tell I everything you see -- and what you think it mean . she be still stare out the window , as the scene fade out : fade in : int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot Jeff be seat in the dark , he face light by the faint glow from the distant street . he be look out of the window tensely , as the camera move in , until he be in big profile . ext . neighborhood - night - long shot from Jeff 's viewpoint , all the window be dark . the couple be sleep on the fire escape . the salesman 's apartment be dark as well . suddenly a match flare , and we see the salesman light a cigar . the flame of the match illuminate he face for a moment . when be die out , we see just the glow of the cigar burn . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup the camera be now face Jeff . we see that he leave hand rest on the telephone receiver which be close to he . the phone start to ring , but make only the slight sound , as he instantly pick it up . as he talk , in a low voice , he keep he eye on the salesman 's apartment . jeff yeah ? int . phone booth - night - closeup we get a impression of Sixth Avenue behind Lisa at the phone . Lisa also talk in a low , quiet voice . lisa the name on the second floor rear mailbox read Mr. and Mrs. lar , that 's l-a-r-s , lar thorwald . jeff ( filter ) what 's the apartment house number ? lisa 125 West ninth Street . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff , still look toward the salesman 's apartment . jeff thanks , Lisa . int . phone booth - night - closeup Lisa smilingly say : lisa okay , chief . what 's my next assignment . jeff to get on home . lisa all right -- but what 's he do now ? int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff be still look toward the salesman 's apartment . jeff just sit in the live room . in the dark . and he have not go near the bedroom . now get some sleep . goodnight . he put the receiver down , and resume he vigil . ext . neighborhood - night - long shot all we can see be the glow of the salesman 's cigar . fade out : fade in : int . jeff' apartment - day - medium shot Jeff be seat by the window in he wheelchair . he be talk on the telephone while he eye be still on the neighborhood . there be a touch of urgency in he voice . jeff look , doyle -- it 's just one of that thing I can not tell you on the phone . you have to be here , and see the whole set-up . the camera pull back slightly as stella emerge from the kitchen . she be carry a tray with breakfast on it . egg , bacon , toast and coffee . jeff it 's probably nothing important -- just a little neighborhood murder , that 's all . as a matter of fact , I do say " murder " . stella squeeze past the right side of Jeff , and place the food tray on a windowseat in front of he . she peer out cautiously toward thorwald 's apartment for a moment . then she squeeze back , move to the sideboard against which lean a small table on a adjustable stand . jeff my only think be to throw a little business you way . a good detective , I reason , would jump at the chance to detect . stella return with the table , and set it up so that it be across Jeff 's lap . she get the tray of food pause to look toward thorwald 's apartment . then she place the breakfast on the tray table in front of Jeff . he have move back a little to avoid get the phone cable tangle in the food and dish . jeff well , I usually take my best picture on my day off . ( nod ) okay , doyle -- soon as you can . int . jeff' apartment - day - semi -closeup he hang up . stella take the phone and put it down for he . he look at the breakfast , reach for a knife and fork . jeff stella , I -- I can not tell you what a welcome sight this be . no wonder you husband 's still in love with you . stella Police ? jeff ( pause in cut food ) huh ? stella you call the police ? jeff oh. well , yes and no . it be not a official call . he 's just a friend . ( almost to himself ) a old , ornery friend . he begin eat , appreciatively . she move behind he chair , pause to look toward thorwald 's apartment again . Jeff be just lift a piece of bacon to he lip when stella speak . stella ( half to herself ) now just where do you suppose he cut she up ? the hand carry the bacon to Jeff 's mouth hesitates for a moment . stella ( answer herself ) oh -- of course ! in the bathtub . that 's the only place he could wash away the blood . the hand hold the bacon move back to the plate . Jeff just stare ahead . stella turn and walk into the kitchen . Jeff push the food away , and pick up the coffee cup instead . int . jeff' apartment - day - closeup Jeff 's eye , over the coffee cup , be stare intently at the backyard . ext . neighborhood - day - semi - long shot thorwald 's apartment . the shade up . no one move . the rope-tied trunk still sit in the bedroom . to the leave we see the basket lowering with the dog in it . we hear the woman whistling a aria . int . jeff' apartment - day - closeup his eye stray in a upward direction as he put down the coffee cup . ext . neighborhood - day - semi - long shot the camera pan up past the woman lowering the dog , up to the roof where one of the sunbather can be see sit up , rub she body with sun tan oil . int . jeff' apartment - day - closeup Jeff 's eye move down again . abstractedly he hand stray toward the piece of bacon . he pick it up . ext . neighborhood - day - semi - long shot thorwald 's apartment . we be now aware that the salesman be now in he live room , lie out of sight on the sofa , because the smoke from a newly light cigar be start to ascend toward the ceiling of he room . stella 's voice be hear call out from the kitchen : stella's voice he would better get that trunk out of there before be start to leak . int . jeff' apartment - day - semi -closeup again the bacon stop before be reach Jeff 's mouth . he put it down on the plate again , as he eye move slightly toward the leave . ext . neighborhood - day - semi - long shot miss torso , in ballet outfit , be hang up a small wash on a clothes line . it consist mostly of lingerie . she be do she inevitable leg practice at the same time . the camera pan over suddenly to thorwald 's apartment , and except for the smoke rise from the unseen sofa , there be no activity . int . jeff' apartment - day - closeup Jeff seem to be get a bit listless , or bored , by constantly watch thorwald 's apartment . his eye sort of stray around the neighborhood , and end up look toward : ext . neighborhood - day - medium shot the newlyw 's apartment . shade down , business as usual . int . jeff' apartment - day - closeup Jeff smile affectionately , and start to turn he eye away ; but something startles he , and he look quickly back . ext . neighborhood - day - medium shot the shade suddenly go up in the newlyw 's apartment . the young husband lean he hand on the windowsill , and look out . he be wear only he pajama bottom , because of the heat , and we see that he be a well - muscle , attractive young man . he look around with some satisfaction . he turn at the sound of a woman 's voice behind he . girl voice h-a-a-r-r-e-e ... he turn he head , be thoughtful for a brief moment , then he pull down the shade . int . jeff' apartment - day - semi -closeup his smile almost become a private chuckle . stella 's abrupt voice break in urgently : stella's voice look ! look -- Mr. jeffery ! Jeff 's head snap toward the center of he window . stella have appear behind he wheelchair . ext . neighborhood - day - semi - long shot two man wear tan coverall be stand outside thorwald 's door . one of they carry a clipboard . suddenly thorwald be see sit up on the live room sofa . his hair be dishevel and he be unshave . he stand up , and move toward the door . he open it , and after a short exchange of dialogue , he admit the two man , leave the door open behind they . he lead the two man across the live room to the bedroom . int . jeff' apartment - day - semi -closeup stella and Jeff watch intently . he be feel down alongside he wheelchair for he binocular . ext . neighborhood - day - binocular shot a close view show the two man carry the trunk across the live room toward the corridor . int . jeff' apartment - day - semi -closeup Jeff lower the binocular quickly . jeff ( agitate ) I think doyle would get here before the trunk go -- or I would have call the police . ( to stella ) now we be go to lose it . stella move toward the door quickly . Jeff turn quickly over he shoulder to watch she . she be already go up the step . jeff stella , do not do anything reckless ! as stella go out the door , she call back : stella I be just go to get the name of they truck ! jeff ( up ) I will watch the alleyway -- in case it go that way . we hear nothing from stella , but the sound of she heavy tread down the hallway stair . Jeff return to thorwald . he ease himself back into the shadow a bit and then raise he binocular . ext . neighborhood - day - binocular shot Jeff concentrate he attention on the alley - way that lead to the street . just normal traffic . the binocular swing to thorwald apartment . the salesman be now at the telephone . he have pick up the receiver , and proceed to dial 221 . int . jeff' apartment - day - closeup the binocular still up to Jeff 's face . under they he mouth move , as if he 's talk to himself . jeff Long distance . ext . neighborhood - day - binocular shot the salesman speak some word to the operator . place the call . as he do this , he reach with he other hand for a nearly bottle , and work the cork out with one hand , he pour a stiff drink into a tumbler . he drink it as soon as he finish talk with the operator . int . jeff' apartment - day - semi -closeup Jeff lower the binocular a little , and take a normal eye sight on the alleyway . ext . neighborhood - day - long shot pull across to the far side of the street we see the hood and cab of a freight truck . int . jeff' apartment - day - semi -closeup Jeff quickly put the glass up . ext . neighborhood - day - binocular shot by the time the binocular be up , another truck have cross from the leave . in momentarily block out the side of we freight truck . by the time the two truck part , we can only see the back half of the freight truck before it pull out of sight . Jeff be only able to read the word " freight line " . the binocular be hold for a moment until we see a puffing and blow stella arrive at the open of the alleyway . she look toward the front of thorwald 's apartment house . and by she attitude we can see that there be no truck outside . she look about she for a moment . int . jeff' apartment - day - closeup Jeff lower the binocular , discourage . ext . neighborhood - day - long shot the figure of stella be see , look up toward Jeff 's apartment , and arm outspread in a helpless gesture . lap dissolve to : int . jeff' apartment - day - semi - long shot shoot toward the big window , with the neighborhood beyond , Jeff be as usual seat in he wheelchair on the leave of the window , but now turn toward a newcomer . the second man be stand near the divan look out the window with the binocular . this newcomer be police detective lieutenant thomas J. doyle , the man Jeff phone earlier in the day . he be a intelligent - appear , well - dress modern detective . he have a sense of humor . he lower the glass , and turn to Jeff . doyle you do not see the kill , or the body ? how do you know there be a murder ? jeff because everything that man 's do have be suspicious . trip at night in the rain , saw , knife , trunk with rope , and a wife that be not there any more . doyle I will admit it all have a mysterious sound -- but be could mean a number of different thing . murder be the least likely . jeff go ahead , doyle -- tell I he 's a unemployed magician -- amusing the neighborhood with sleight - of -hand . doyle pace a little . doyle it 's too stupid and obvious a way to murder -- in full view of fifty window -- and then sit over there -- ( he point ) -- smoking a cigar -- wait for the police to pick he up . jeff well , officer -- do you duty . doyle you have get a lot to lean about homicide , Jeff . moron have commit murder so shrewdly that it take a hundred train police mind to catch they . that salesman would not just knock off he wife after dinner , toss she in a trunk and put she in storage . jeff I will bet it 's be do . doyle almost everything 's be do -- under panic . but this be a thousand to one shot . that man 's still sit around he apartment ; he be not panicked . jeff ( a pause ) you think I make all this up ? doyle I think you see something -- that probably have a very simple explanation . jeff for instance ? doyle ( shrug ) his wife take a trip . jeff she -- be -- a -- invalid ! doyle you tell I . ( look at watch ) I have get to run , Jeff . jeff all right -- you do not believe I . doyle saunter toward step , pick up he hat on the way . stop . doyle I -- uh -- will not report it to the Department . let I poke into a little on my own . no point in you get any ridiculous publicity . jeff ( coldly ) thanks . doyle we know the wife be go . I will see if I can find out where . jeff do that . he go up the step to the door , put on he hat . he pause he hand on the door knob . doyle you have any headache lately ? int . jeff' apartment - day - semi -closeup Jeff answer , show only the slight irritation . jeff not ' till you show up . int . jeff' apartment - day - semi -closeup doyle , still at the door : doyle uh-huh . well , it will wear off in time -- along with the hallucination . see you around . he start to go out the door , and close it behind he . int . jeff' apartment - day - semi - long shot from doyle 's viewpoint . Jeff lift he hand in a feeble parting gesture . int . jeff' apartment - day - semi -closeup before the door have completely close , doyle open it again , and look in . doyle by the way what happen to you leg ? int . jeff' apartment - day - semi -closeup jeff I be jaywalk . doyle's voice ( o.s. ) where ? jeff ( with nonchalance ) the Indianapolis speedway . int . jeff' apartment - day - semi -closeup the door start to close again , as if doyle consider Jeff 's answer quite reasonable . then the door pop open and doyle 's head come in , a surprised expression across he face . doyle during the race ? int . jeff' apartment - day - semi -closeup Jeff answer with a straight face . jeff yup . it sure stop traffic . we do not see doyle again , but only hear the sharp slam of the door off . Jeff chuckle . then he turn back to the window . int . jeff' apartment - day - closeup Jeff 's attention be draw to something in the yard below . ext . neighborhood - day - semi - long shot the little dog be busily scratch away at thorwald 's pet flower bed . int . jeff' apartment - day - closeup Jeff smile mischievously . suddenly he face change as he see : ext . neighborhood - day - semi - long shot thorwald come out of he basement door , carry a water can . he fill it from a nearby faucet . he do not notice the little dog 's destructive activity . when the water can be fill , he straighten up , turn toward the flower bed . he stop for the briefest moment , when he see the dog . he walk to the dog , gently lift he out of the garden , and give he a friendly little pat , send he off . he proceed to patiently brush back the disturb earth , and then begin he water . int . jeff' apartment - day - semi -closeup Jeff be frankly puzzle by the salesman 's friendly attitude toward the dog . he look off in another direction , as he catch of : ext . neighborhood - day - long shot doyle , who have appear , at the street open . the detective be surveying the front of the apartment building where thorwald life . a paper seller behind he offer to sell he a paper . doyle be not interested . as doyle saunter forward toward the salesman house , the scene : lap dissolves to : int . jeff' apartment - day - medium shot doyle be nonchalantly lean up against the side board , with a highball in one hand . Jeff have turn he chair around from the window to face he . doyle he have a six month lease , and have use up a little over five and a half month of it . ( take a sip of drink ) quiet . drink , but not to drunkenness . pay he bill promptly , with money earn as a consume jewelry salesman -- wholesale . keeps to himself , and none of the neighbor get close to he , or he wife . jeff I think they miss they chance with she . doyle ( Studies drink ) she never leave the apartment -- jeff ( interrupt ) then where be she -- in the ice box ? doyle ( continue ) -- until yesterday morning . jeff ( alert ) what time ? doyle six ayem . Jeff look thoughtful a moment , and then say , with a touch of discouragement : jeff I think that 's about the time I fall asleep . doyle too bad . the thorwald be just leave the apartment house at that time . he put down he drink , and stroll toward the window , look out . the camera move in slightly to tighten the shot . doyle feel a little foolish ? jeff not yet . doyle become interested in watch something out the window . unconsciously he smooth out he coat and tie . he even smile somewhat secretly to himself at what he see . ext . neighborhood - day - semi - long shot miss torso , in ballet costume , practice she dance on the outside balcony . she be exciting and desirable . int . jeff' apartment - day - tight two shot Jeff notice doyle 's interest . jeff how 's you wife ? startle at be observe , doyle move quickly away from the window , affect nonchalance . the camera move back as doyle return to he drink . Jeff smile at catch doyle enjoy miss torso . doyle oh -- oh , she 's fine . ( not too convincing ) just fine . he toss off the rest of the drink , and he movement be almost a comment . Jeff 's face grow serious . jeff who say they leave then ? doyle who leave -- where ? jeff the thorwald -- at six in the morning ? doyle quickly collect he thought , and get back to the case at hand . doyle the building superintendent , and two tenant . flat statement -- no hesitation . and they all jibe to the letter . the thorwald be leave for the railroad station . jeff now how could anybody guess that ? they have , perhaps , sign on they luggage , " Grand Central or bust ! " ? doyle ( sigh ) the superintendent meet thorwald come back . he say thorwald tell he he have just put he wife on the train for the country . jeff a very convenient guy -- this superintendent . have you check he bank deposit lately ? doyle Jeff -- huh ? jeff ( sharply ) well -- what good be he information ?!! it 's a second -hand version of a unsupported statement by the murderer himself -- thorwald ! anybody actually see the wife get on the train ? doyle I hate to remind you -- but this all start because you say she be murder . now do anyone , include you , actually see she murder ? jeff doyle -- be you interested in solving a case , or make I look foolish ? doyle if possible -- both . jeff well then do a good job of it ! get over there , and search thorwald 's apartment ! it must be knee - deep in evidence . doyle I can not do that . jeff I mean when he go out for a paper , or a drink , or something . what he do not know will not hurt he . doyle I can not do it even if he 's go . jeff ( with sarcasm ) what 's the matter ? do he have a courtesy card from the police department ? doyle now do not get I mad ! even a detective can not walk in anybody 's apartment and search it . if I be ever catch in there , I would lose my badge inside of ten minute ! jeff just make sure you be not catch . if you find something , you have get a murderer and nobody will care about a couple of house rule . if you find nothing -- he 's clear . doyle at the risk of sounding stuffy , Jeff -- I will remind you of the constitution , and the phrase " search warrant " issue by a judge who know the Bill of rights verbatim . he must ask for evidence . jeff give he evidence . doyle I can hear myself start out . " you honor -- I have a friend who 's a amateur sleuth , a one night , after a heavy supper -- " ( he shake he head " no " ) he would throw the New York State penal code right in my face . -- and it 's six volume . jeff by morning there might not be anything leave to find in he apartment . doyle ( look out window ) a detective 's nightmare . jeff what do you need before you can search -- bloody footstep lead up to the door ? doyle ( look out window ) one thing I do not need be heckling ! you call and ask I for help -- and now you be act like a taxpayer ! doyle ( turn and look at Jeff ) how do we ever stand each other in that same plane for three year ? jeff you know , every day for three year I ask myself that same question ? doyle ever get a answer ? jeff yeah -- frequently -- it run something like this : " you request for transfer turn down -- " he can not help smile , and neither can doyle . doyle sorry I have to turn it down . ( he check he watch ) I be go over to the railroad station and check thorwald 's story . he move to the sideboard , pick up a feel hat . jeff forget the story -- find the trunk . Mrs. thorwald 's in it ! doyle oh -- I almost forget ! he pull a slip of paper out of he pocket . Jeff watch he intently . doyle ( look at Jeff ) there be a postcard in thorwald 's mailbox . ( refer to paper ) mail yesterday afternoon , three - thirty p.m. from merritsville -- ( look up , speak pleasantly ) -- that 's eighty mile north of here . ( back to paper ) the message read " arrive o.k . already feel better . Love , Anna . " he look at Jeff with some smugness . jeff ( slowly ) be -- be Anna -- who I think it be ? doyle ( nod " yes " ) Mrs. thorwald . he put on he hat , and go toward the door . doyle ( maliciously ) anything you need ? int . jeff' apartment - day - closeup Jeff be sober . jeff yeah . a good detective . lap dissolve to : int . jeff' apartment - dusk - closeup the sun have just set . the camera be concentrate on the long - focus lens camera which fill the screen . just beyond , there be a plate on which a solitary sandwich . Jeff 's hand come in , pick it up . we pan US with the sandwich until Jeff 's head fill the screen . ( except for a small light in the kitchen , Jeff 's apartment be in darkness . ) as he munch , he keep he attention on the neighborhood . ext . neighborhood - dusk - semi - long shot thorwald 's apartment be darkness . the camera pan slightly to the leave , as we see the dog be lower in its basket . we follow the basket down to the yard which bring miss Lonely heart 's apartment into view . she be wear a Kelly Green suit , and be seat at she dress table . she seem to be put on the final touch of she make - up , prior to go out . int . jeff' apartment - dusk - closeup Jeff look down , he smile to himself . he turn , and we see he raise the long - focus camera to he eye . ext . neighborhood - dusk - camera shot the long -focus lens bring miss Lonely heart into a enlarge picture which reveal detail we have not previously notice . a pair of ill-fitting , horn -rimm read glass rest half way down she nose , and she have to tilt she head back slightly as she apply lip-stick , with they aid . satisfied , she take off the glass , and examine she face as a whole , through squinting eye . she have fade good look , have fairly nice clothes , but be badly in need of advice on hair dress . her hair - do make she seem middle - age . she reach for a tall glass of liquor next to she , and take a long drink . put the glass down , she squint to see if she have disturb the lipstick . unable to see clearly , she put on the glass again , look , and touch up she lip slightly . she put she glass in a handbag , then stand to put out the light . she walk into the live room , finish the drink . the long - focus lens move with she . she go straight for a bottle of liquor , and pour out a final neat slug , and toss it off . then she leave the apartment , with a show of determination . she turn out the light behind she . int . jeff' apartment - dusk - semi-closeup Jeff lower the long - focus lens , and turn he head to the right as he hear the first note of the songwriter 's melody which we have hear he try to complete . ext . neighborhood - dusk - medium shot the songwriter be at the piano , poke out he melody , slowly , note by note . he be in black tie , and from the look of the apartment he be prepare for guest . a attractive girl be set out trays of canap , glass , ice and liquor . she pause as she cross the room carry a tray of food . she listen a moment to the songwriter 's melody . her expression show that it please she , and move she romantically . she comment on it to the songwriter , who start from the beginning again , play it more fully . int . jeff' apartment - dusk - semi-closeup a new source of music come in to interfere with the piano play . it be orchestral ballet music , in a modern style . Jeff 's head turn in this new direction . ext . neighborhood - dusk - semi - long shot miss torso , and a male partner whom we have not see before , be practice a pas a deux . he be a tall flow - haire young man , lithe and graceful beyond normal masculine capacity . they stop , at one point , to listen to a word of comment from a woman who be watch . by she gesture , she be obviously a professional choreographer . the camera pan from this to the street beyond . stand there , on the sidewalk , look up and down the street be a Kelly Green clad figure . int . jeff' apartment - dusk - closeup he quickly raise he long - focus camera to he eye . ext . neighborhood - dusk - camera shot we be now give a waist-high shot as the focus be adjustment by Jeff . the figure be that of miss Lonely heart . she seem to be try to figure out what to do , or where to go . she nervously look at a couple of man passer by . get no reaction , she cross the street , and seat herself at a empty table in front of the cafe . she order a drink . she be suddenly blott out by a figure of a man who enter the picture from the leave side . he be much nearer the lens , because he be on this side of the street . he be , therefore , slightly out of focus . the lens suddenly sharpen . it be thorwald , carry a light - weight cardboard box under he arm . the camera pan he over to the right until he be lose behind the building . int . jeff' apartment - dusk - semi-closeup he lower the lens , and we see Jeff 's eye travel across the screen , as he imagine thorwald 's progression . then sharpen he look , he pick up the long - focus lens , and ease himself back cautiously , begin watch thorwald . ext . neighborhood - dusk - camera shot thorwald come up the corridor , and stand unlock he door . as he hesitates , we be able to see the cardboard box he be carry have the name of a laundry on it . he enter the apartment turn on the live room light . he proceed to the bedroom , and the light go on there . a number of suit and top coat be lie on a orderly pile on the bed . he take the laundry out of the box and put in on the bed next to the suit . then he go to the dresser , and instead of put the laundry away , he proceed to take out the content of the drawer -- pajamas , shirt , sox , etc . he pile this on the bed . int . jeff' apartment - dusk - semi-closeup Jeff lower the camera quickly . he pick up the phone and dial a number , still keep he eye on thorwald . the phone buzze on filter , then be pick up and answer by a woman : mrs . doyle ( filter ) hello . jeff Mrs. doyle ? mrs . doyle yes . jeff Jeff again . ( a note of urgency ) have Tom come in yet ? mrs . doyle not yet , Jeff . jeff you have not even hear from he ? mrs . doyle not a word . for a moment , Jeff look desperate . he do not know what to say . mrs . doyle it be something really important , Jeff ? jeff I be afraid it be , tess . mrs . doyle I will have he call the moment I hear from he . jeff tell he not to waste time call . to get over here soon as he can . I think thorwald 's pull out tonight . mrs . doyle who 's thorwald ? jeff he know . ( as a after -thought ) do not worry , tess . it 's a man . mrs . doyle ( she laugh ) goodnight , you idiot . jeff ( a slight smile ) goodnight , Mrs doyle . he hang up . then , he brow knit a little , as if he 's puzzle about something he see across the neighborhood . he lift up the long - focus lens . ext . neighborhood - night - camera shot early night . in the dresser thorwald find a alligator handbag . he hold it up thoughtfully . we have previously see this handbag hang from the bedpost when Mrs. thorwald be in bed . thorwald take the bag into the live room , where he pick up the phone and dial . jeff Long distance again . thorwald reach he party . as he talk , thoughtfully , he take some jewelry from the handbag -- a couple of ring , diamond wristwatch , brooch , pearl , etc . he discuss each piece , apparently try to make some decision . then , seemingly satisfied , he replace they in the bag and hang up . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff lower he camera lens and edge he chair forward in a effort to hear what thorwald be say . but a sudden rise in the SOUND come from the song - writer 's apartment , cause he to turn he head toward the studio with exasperation . ext . neighborhood - night - medium shot the first four of the song - writer 's guest come through the door , admit by the song - writer 's girl friend . there be a squeal from the woman who great each other , and hearty " helloe " from the man . the song - writer dash off a loud vamp of greeting on the piano , then get up to offer drink . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff turn he attention back to thorwald , but give up any attempt at listen . he lift the long - focus lens up to he eye again . ext . neighborhood - night - camera shot have complete he call , thorwald return to the bedroom carry the handbag . he go to a pile of coat lie on the bed . he lift the top two coat slightly , and slide the handbag under they and out of sight . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup there be the SOUND of footstep come down the corridor to Jeff 's apartment . he lower the camera lens , and turn he attention to he door . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi - long shot the door open , and Lisa stand silhouett in the entrance , black - light by the corridor light . it 's a attractive picture . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff 's head be turn toward she , he back more toward the neighborhood . jeff Quick . take a look . thorwald 's get ready to pull out for good ! int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff abruptly turn back to the window , as Lisa dash into the picture behind he , and look out . Jeff 's expression change a little , as they see : ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot the light be out in thorwald 's bedroom , and thorwald be in the act of pour himself out a drink in the live room . he come to the window , glass in hand , and look down into the garden , nonchalantly . over this , we hear Lisa 's voice , questioningly : lisa it do not seem to be in any hurry . jeff ( stare out the window , exasperate ) he be just lay all he thing out on one of the bed ! coat , suit , shirt , sox , even he wife 's -- int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot he stop , turn to she quickly . jeff that alligator bag he wife have on the bedpost -- lisa what about it ? jeff he have it hide in the dresser ! well , at least it be in there . he take it out , go to the phone and call somebody long distance . -- his wife 's jewelry be in the handbag . and something about it worried he . he be ask somebody advice over the phone . lisa someone not he wife ? jeff I never see he ask she for advise before . ( smile ) but she volunteer plenty . Jeff turn back to the window . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot thorwald be stand at the window with he drink in he hand . then he turn , put he unfinish drink down on a table , and go to the door . he put the light out in the live room and go out the door . he walk briskly down the corridor . lisa I wonder where he 's go now ? jeff I do not know . lisa suppose he do not come back again ? jeff he will . all he thing be still pile on the bed . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot Lisa move toward a nearby lamp . lisa well , I guess it 's safe to put on some light now . jeff ( look to leave ) not yet ! he pick up the long - focus lens and train it on the street intersection , as Lisa move back to he . ext . neighborhood - camera shot - night the street intersection . some traffic , mostly pedestrian . miss Lonely heart still sit at the cafe table , alone . drink . there be no sign of thorwald . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot he lower the lens . jeff he must have go somewhere to the right . the camera pull back as Lisa start around the apartment turn on the light . as she light increase , we see that she be wear another extravagantly beautiful dress . she seem quite animated , move gracefully , she skirt and hair swinging with she movement . Jeff turn around to face the room . lisa all day long I have try to keep my mind on work . jeff think about thorwald ? lisa ( nod yes ) and you , and you friend doyle -- ( stop , to Jeff ) do you hear from he again -- since he leave ? jeff not a word . he be go to check on the railroad station , and the trunk . he must be still on it . as he talk , she seem to be think something over to herself . he start pace , try to distill she thought . we see that she have bring a oversize handbag with she , which lie prominently on the table . Jeff watch she . jeff something on you mind , Lisa ? lisa it do not make sense to I . jeff what do not ? lisa woman be not that unpredictable . jeff ( lose a little patience ) Lisa -- I can not guess what you be think . the camera close in , Lisa stop , face he . her eye sparkle , and she body be tense with concentration . lisa a woman have a favorite handbag -- it always hang on she bedpost where she can get at it . then she take a trip and leave it behind . why ? jeff because she do not know she be go on a trip -- and where she be go she would not need a handbag . the camera ease back . lisa but only she husband would know that . ( start to pace again ) and the jewelry ! woman do not keep all they jewelry in a purse , all tangle , get scratch and twisted up . jeff do they hide it in they husband 's clothes ? lisa they do not ! and they do not leave it behind they . a woman go anywhere but the hospital would always take makeup , perfume and jewelry . jeff Inside stuff ? lisa Basic equipment . you do not leave it behind in you husband 's drawer in you favorite handbag . jeff I be with you , sweetie , but detective Thomas J. doyle have a pat answer for that . lisa that Mrs. thorwald leave at six ayem yesterday with she husband ? jeff that 's what the witness tell he . lisa well , I have a pat rebuttal for Mr. doyle -- that could not be Mrs. thorwald -- or I do not know woman . jeff still -- that witness . lisa we will agree they see a woman -- but she be not Mrs. thorwald . -- that be , yet . she come over to Jeff . he reach up , take she hand . jeff come here . he pull she into he lap . she put she arm around he . she be very happy , and kiss Jeff 's cheek . lisa I would like to see you friend 's face when we tell he . he do not sound like much of a detective . jeff do not be too hard on he . he 's a steady worker . I wish he would get there , though . lisa ( nuzzle Jeff ) do not rush I . we have all night . there 's a pause . then Jeff move back a little to look she straight in the eye . jeff we have all -- what ? lisa night . I be go to stay with you . jeff you will have to clear that through my landlord -- she cut he off with a kiss . when she pull back lisa I have the whole weekend off . jeff well that 's fine , but I only have one bed , and -- Lisa smother he with another kiss . she let up . lisa say anything else , and I will stay tomorrow night too . jeff Lisa , I will not be able to give you any -- she smother he with still another kiss . then move back . jeff -- pajamas . she laugh , get up . go to the large handbag on the table . be be a Mark Cross lady ' attache ' case . lisa you say I would have to live out of one suitcase ( pick up case ) I will bet yours be not this small ? jeff that 's a suitcase ? lisa ( start to open it ) a Mark Cross overnight case , anyway . compact , but ample enough . she have open it , and surprisingly enough , it be a compact outfit of pajamas , slipper , toothbrush , toothpaste , and all the general necessity for a comfortable overnight stay . she come to Jeff , sit in he lap again , display the inside of the case lisa I will trade you -- my feminine intuition for a bed for the night . jeff ( give in smile ) I would be no better than thorwald , to refuse . the SOUND from the party in the song - writer 's apartment become more noticeable as he party grow . and at this point he begin play the song he have be compose for the past few day . lisa there 's that song again . she get up from Jeff 's lap , and put the overnight case on the table . open . she go to the window , and look toward the song - writer ' apartment . Jeff turn with she . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot the party at the song -writer 's have grow considerably larger . a assortment of well - dress people have now crowded into the studio . they be drink , eat , etc . at the moment , a number of they be crowded around the piano , listen to the composer 's newest song -- which be not quite complete . however , the melody have become more beautiful than ever . during the follow scene , we hear the melody be play a number of different way on the piano . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot Lisa stand , listen , entrance . lisa where do a man get the inspiration for a song like that ? Jeff watch she . jeff from he landlord -- once a month . lisa it 's utterly beautiful . ( turn to Jeff ) I wish I could be creative . jeff you be . you have a talent for create difficult situation . lisa ( happily ) I do ? jeff stay the night here , uninvite . she sit down on the edge of the divan near Jeff . she lean toward he . lisa surprise -- be the most important element of attack . ( she smile ) and beside , you be not up on you private eye literature . when they be in trouble , it 's always they girl Friday who get they out of it . jeff the same girl who keep he out of the clutches of seductive show girl , and over - passionate daughter of the rich . lisa the same . jeff but he never end up marrying she . strange . lisa ( stands up ; deadpan ) weird . ( she do a complete spin , then , ingenuously ) why do not I slip into something comfortable ? jeff you mean -- like the kitchen ? and make we some coffee ? lisa exactly what I have in mind -- along with some brandy . she go to the kitchen , hum with the song -writer 's melody which we can her off . Jeff turn back to the window , look out . ext . neighborhood - night - medium shot the shade be go up in the newlywed apartment . the young husband throw up the window a light a cigarette . he take a deep and satisfy drag on the cigarette , glance toward the song - writer 's party . just as he start to exhale the smoke , we hear he young wife 's voice off : girl voice h-a-a-r-r-e-e -! he choke on the smoke , sputtering and cough . when he recover , he throw the cigarette down to the back - yard with a show of irritation . then slowly he pull the shade down . behind we be SOUND of a door shutting int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup over Jeff 's shoulder we see doyle come down the step slowly , and seemingly preoccupy . Jeff swing the chair around so that he back be to we . semi-closeup without look at Jeff , doyle come into the apartment take off he hat and place it on the table . he run a hand over the side of he head and down the back of he neck , which seem to indicate some fatigue . semi-closeup jeff. look expectantly at doyle . semi closeup doyle reach for a cigarette on the table , and put it to he lip . while search he pocket for a match , he hear Lisa hum . his eye turn upward . medium shot over the cabinet which divide the live room from the kitchen , we can see a glimpse of Lisa 's shadow on the ceiling . semi-closeup Jeff , have follow doyle 's look . semi closeup doyle pick up cigarette lighter from table , and light he cigarette . as he be place the lighter back on the table , he see : closeup from he viewpoint , Lisa 's bag contain she lingerie and overnight effect . closeup Jeff . his eye turn from the lingerie up to doyle . closeup doyle 's look be completely noncommittal . his eye turn at the sound of the song - writer 's party . he move forward to get a better view , as the camera retreat in front of he . he stop to glance out of the window . ext . neighborhood - night - medium shot the party be now full progress . the room be overcrowded . and some people be now sit on the floor with they back to the window . other be outside . a crowd hide the piano player , but music can be head compete with the babble . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup doyle turn he head away , and look straight out . his expression harden a little , as he see : ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot the window of thorwald 's apartment , completely dark . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup he also be look toward thorwald 's apartment . he turn he eye anxiously back to doyle . he seem to be try to penetrate doyle 's mind . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot doyle turn he head from the window , and look down at Jeff . he ask , quietly : doyle what else do you have on this man thorwald ? Jeff 's tension ease off a little , by he be eager to talk . jeff enough to scare I that you would not get here in time , and we would lose he . doyle ( soberly ) you think he 's get out of here ? jeff everything he own be laid out on the bedroom , ready for pack . doyle look back toward thorwald 's bedroom . we see the dark apartment beyond he . doyle nod thoughtfully . he turn he head suddenly at the sound of Lisa come out of the kitchen . she hold two large brandy snifter contain some brandy . they be cup in she hand , the stem between she finger . she be rotate they gently toward the body to warm the brandy . she be quite beautiful . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup doyle react to she appreciatively . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot she continue rotate the brandy . lisa I be just warming some brandy . she come forward hand one snifter to Jeff . she offer the second to doyle . ( note : in the follow set of scene , whenever anyone hold a brandy snifter , it be be rotate - regardless of they attitude . ) lisa Mr. doyle ? -- I presume . doyle sort of smile , and take the snifter awkwardly . jeff Tom , this be miss Lisa fremont . doyle bow he head slightly , but he eye remain on she in a fix stare . doyle how do you do ? Lisa smile in return . lisa we think thorwald 's guilty . she turn around , and go right back into the kitchen . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup doyle stare after she , ignore she remark , still not recover from the fist sight of she attractiveness . then quickly , he eye move down and to the leave . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup the open overnight case with its display lingerie . int . jeff' apartment - night semi-closeup slowly doyle 's eye travel back to Jeff . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup quickly guess what 's on doyle 's mind jeff ( cautiously ) careful , Tom . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup doyle 's eye travel past Jeff to look out the window . he still hold the brandy snifter in one hand , and a cigarette in the other . absentmindedly he still rotate the brandy . the SOUND of the phone ringing be hear . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot Jeff pick up the phone . jeff hallo ? he listen , and then look up to doyle . jeff just a minute , please . doyle cross and stand behind Jeff , as Jeff hand he the phone . he juggle the cigarette , the brandy snifter and the phone all at once . this be all do deadpan . doyle doyle speak . ( he listen ) uh-huh . -- yeah . mummmm -- mmm. hmm -- okay . thank you , and goodbye . he hand the receiver back to Jeff , who hang up . Lisa come back in with she own brandy snifter , rotate it . lisa the coffee will be ready soon . ( urgent ) Jeff , be not you go to tell he about the jewelry ? doyle look suddenly interested . he ask tersely : doyle jewelry ? jeff he have he wife 's jewelry hide in among he clothes over there . doyle you sure it belong to he wife ? he turn he head to Lisa , who answer . lisa it be in she favorite handbag -- and , Mr. doyle , that can lead to only one conclusion . doyle namely ? his head snap back to Jeff , who answer : jeff that be not Mrs. thorwald who leave with he yesterday morning ? doyle you figure that out , huh ? his head move back to Lisa as she answer with a touch of pride in she voice . lisa it 's just that woman do not leave jewelry behind when they go on a trip . before doyle can comment , Jeff ask impatiently : jeff come on , Tom -- you do not really need any of this information , do you ? doyle smile at Jeff , and then stroll over to the table where he put out he cigarette and put down the brandy snifter . doyle as a matter of fact , I do not . doyle go to the window and look out , as they watch he , expectantly . he speak without look at they . his voice be flat and to the point . doyle lar thorwald be no more a murderer than I be . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff and Lisa stare at he in astonishment . then Jeff recover , and answer with some anger : jeff you mean you can explain everything that go on over there -- and be still go on ? int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup he spin around , and he face have lose all its friendliness . doyle no ! he start to place the room . doyle and neither can you . ( point out window ) that 's a secret and private world you be look into out there . people do a lot at thing in private that they could not explain in public . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Lisa and Jeff . she reply with some sarcasm . lisa like dispose of they wife ? doyle ( off ) get that idea out of you mind . it will only lead you in the wrong direction . jeff but Tom -- the see , the knife -- int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup doyle break in , take a step forward . doyle do you ever own a see ? jeff ( off ) well , in the garage , back home , we -- doyle ( interrupt ) and how many people do you cut up with the couple of with it ? or hundred knife you have probably own in you lifetime ? int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff , reason : jeff but I be not a killer ! doyle ( off ) you logic be backward . Lisa cut in spiritedly . lisa you can not ignore the wife disappear ! and the trunk -- and the jewelry -- ! int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup doyle start to pace up and down , throw out a hand in careful explanation . doyle I check the railroad station . he buy a ticket . he put she on the train ten minute later . destination : merritsville . witnesses . this deep . ( he hold he hand a few foot off the floor ) int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff and Lisa . lisa it might have be a woman -- but it could not have be Mrs. thorwald . that jewelry -- int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup doyle come up to the camera , look at Lisa . doyle look , miss fremont . that feminine intuition sell magazine -- but in real life , it 's still a fairy tale . I do not know how many waste year I have spend run down lead base on woman 's intuition . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff be resentful of doyle 's comment to Lisa . jeff I take it you do not find the trunk -- and this be just a old speech you once give at the policeman 's Ball . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup doyle have turn away into the center of the room . he swing around . doyle I find the trunk -- a half hour after I leave here . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Lisa speak again with continue sarcasm : lisa of course , it 's normal for a man to tie he trunk up with a heavy rope . doyle ( off ) when the lock be break -- yes . jeff what be in the trunk ? a surly note to I ? int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup doyle come toward the camera again . doyle ( carefully ) Mrs. -- thorwald 's -- clothes . -- clean -- carefully pack -- not too stylish -- but presentable . lisa ( off ) do not you take it to the crime lab ? doyle give she a scathing look . doyle I send it on its merry and legal way . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff challenge doyle : jeff why -- when a woman only go on a simple trip , do she take everything she own ? int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup doyle , with a study , gracious gesture , to Lisa . doyle let the female psychology department handle that one . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Lisa answer , but very coldly : lisa I would say that be look as if she be not come back . doyle ( off ) that 's what they call a family problem . jeff ( persist ) if he wife be not come back -- why do not he tell he landlord ? -- I will answer it for you -- because he have something to hide . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup doyle hesitates a moment , and let he eye wander , to : int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup the overnight case , with Lisa 's lingerie . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup his eye go back to Jeff . doyle ( blandly ) do -- uh -- you tell you landlord everything ? int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff reply , pointedly : jeff I tell you to be careful . Lisa look down at Jeff , not comprehend . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup doyle point to one of the photograph on the wall . doyle if I would be careful piloting that reconnaissance plane , you would not have take the kind of picture that get you a medal , a big job , fame , money -- jeff ( expressionless ) all the thing I hate . doyle have a complete change of manner . he relax and smile . doyle now -- what do you say we sit down to a quiet , friendly drink or two -- forget all about this , and tell lie about the old day in the war ? hmmm ? he look from one to the other . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup neither Jeff or Lisa display even the slight friendliness . they face be cold and set . then Lisa speak , icily : lisa you be through with the case ? int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup doyle be relaxed . doyle there be not any " case " to be through with , miss fremont . now let 's get down to that friendly drink . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff and Lisa remain unmove . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup a little self - conscious , doyle check he watch , and say with a pleasant laugh : doyle maybe you be right . I guess I would better get home and get some sleep . he wait . no response come across . his face sober a little , he reach for he unfinish drink of brandy . he try to toss it off like a straight shot of liquor . part of it shoot out of the brandy snifter , down each side of he face , and into he suit . he sputter a little , and put the glass down . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff and Lisa deadpan . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup doyle be wiping he coat lapel with a handkerchief . he look at they pleasantly . doyle I be not much of a snifter . he start away toward the door . doyle if you need any more help , Jeff -- consult the yellow page of you telephone directory . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Lisa , still burn : lisa I hate funny exit line . jeff who be the trunk address to ? int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot doyle pick up he hat . doyle Mrs. Anna thorwald . he start up the step to the door . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff point out a challenging finger . jeff let 's wait and see who pick it up . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi - long shot doyle poise on the step . he snap he finger . doyle oh -- that phone call ! ( to Jeff ) I give they you number -- hope you do not mind . jeff ( off ) that depend on who " they " be . doyle ( pleasantly ) the police Department at merritsville . they call to report . the trunk be just pick up -- by Mrs. Anna thorwald . he put on he hat , smile , and say . doyle do not stay up too late . he quietly close the door behind he . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Lisa and Jeff . Jeff turn he chair around , and look out to the neighborhood . Lisa stand glumly behind he . ext . neighborhood - night - medium shot the song -writer 's party be now in full swing , and fairly crowded . it be a happy , gay affair . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup none of the gaiety be reflect in Lisa and Jeff . some new music be hear come across the courtyard and Jeff turn toward it with some irritation . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot miss torso 's apartment have the door close , and all that we can see of she , as she be lie on the divan , be she leg swinging in arc as she exercise to record music . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Lisa be not look in the same direction as Jeff . all during this , she have be stare out at thorwald 's apartment . now she eye be look at the apartment underneath . she murmur to Jeff : lisa look . Jeff turn he eye in the same direction as hers . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot a light have go on in miss Lonely heart ' apartment . they look . surprise of surprise , she have return with a lover hook . he be much young then she , and a little more key up to the promise of a adventure still fresh to he . her action be coy , and over-feminine . she slip away from he hasty embrace and exploratory kiss with the proper flush of confusion and nervous giggle that seem to say , " it 's quite a surprise you find I so desirable , but I must not do anything improper , you know . after all , we be practically stranger -- and what would you think of I ? " she pour a drink for each of they with gesture over - genteel . as she sip she drink and look at he over the rim of the glass , he toss he off with nervous dispatch . he move toward she , this time more cautiously . a embrace , a long kiss . she put she drink down on the edge of the chair . it spill over onto the rug . he begin kissing she cheek , she ear , she neck . suddenly and fiercely she push he away . slap he across the face . he move back with shock as she loudly and emphatically order he out , out , out . he flush with anger and embarrassment , and he mouth twist into unpleasant shape as he slap degrade word back at she , tell she what she be . she scream at he to get out . he leave , slamm the door behind he . she go back dumbly to the spill liquor , make a futile effort to clean it up , and the collapse onto the rug sobbing hard enough to shake she whole body . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot Lisa turn away from Jeff 's chair to get a cigarette from the table . she light it , as Jeff turn he chair back to the room . jeff as much as I hate to give Thomas J. doyle too much credit , he might have get a hold of something when he say this be pretty private stuff go on out there . he indicate the outside neighborhood with a movement of he head . she do not answer , but study the photograph on the wall of he room . jeff do you suppose it 's ethical to watch a man with binocular , and a long - focus lens -- until you can see the freckle on the back of he neck , and almost read he mail -- do you suppose it 's ethical even if you prove he do not commit a crime ? lisa I be not much on rear window ethic . jeff of course , they have the same chance . they can look at I like a bug under glass , if they want to . lisa ( turn to he ) Jeff -- if anybody walk in here , I do not think they would believe what they see . jeff huh ? lisa you and I with long face -- plunge into despair -- because we find out that a man do not kill he wife . we be two of the most frightening ghoul I have ever know . Jeff start to smile at the realization . lisa you would think we could be a little bit happy that the poor woman be alive and well . Jeff smile be broad , and he start to chuckle . she relax and join he . she sit on he lap , she arm around he shoulder . lisa whatever happen to that old say " Love thy neighbor . " jeff I think I will start revive it tomorrow , with say -- miss torso for a start ? she get up , go to the blind , and proceed to lower they one by on . lisa ( as she get up ) not if I have to move into a apartment across the courtyard and do the dance of the seven veil once a hour . ( as she lower the blind ) show 's over for tonight . he smile . she go to the table , pick up he overnight case . lisa preview -- of the come attraction . she go to the kitchen entrance , pause . lisa do Mr. doyle think I steal this case . jeff ( mock seriousness ) no , Lisa -- I do not think he do . she shrug , go into the kitchen , the camera panning she . lap dissolve to : int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff be sit on the wheelchair near the bar , a drink in he hand . he start to take a sip from the glass , when Lisa come out of the kitchen . she be a ethereal beauty , in sheer peach nightgown , cover by a gossamer match kimono . she turn gracefully in front of Jeff . he lower he drink . lisa ( softly ) what do you think ? Jeff put he drink on the bar . he try to decide how to answer she question . he can not . lisa I will rephrase the question . jeff thank you . Lisa hold out the fold of she kimono . lisa do you like it ? jeff ( study it ) well , -- if there be one less thread this way -- ( motion horizontally ) -- and two less that way -- ( motion vertically ) -- I might give up bachelorhood . Lisa turn playfully toward the kitchen . lisa I will be right back . blood-curdling scream from the courtyard outside suddenly cut through the night . startle , both Jeff and Lisa move quickly for the window -- Lisa lift the blind up . the long scream subside into near-hysterical sobbing . ext . neighborhood - night - long shot we get a high comprehensive view of all the apartment . Light be go on in some window , shade be lift on other , people be beginning to lean out look for the source of the cream and sobbing . the song -writer 's party come to a sudden halt , as he guest crowd to the window . semi - long shot Lisa and Jeff at the window , look out , startle . semi - long shot the landlord , beneath the newlywed , look out . tilting he head up toward the center of the yard . semi - long shot a couple come out on the high balcony to the right . look down . medium shot the newlyw 's blind come up , and for the first time we see both of they at the window , the girl look over the boy 's shoulder . semi - long shot some member of the song - writer 's party move out to the patio - balcony , to get a better look down in the yard . semi - long shot the bird woman come to the window . her white face look forward toward the center of the courtyard . semi - long shot miss torso , pull a around she , come out onto she porch , and look to she leave . semi - long shot miss hear aid come quickly into she backyard . semi - long shot the couple who own the dog be stand on they fire escape . they be both look down , but while the husband be quiet , the wife be hold she hand to the side of she head , sobbing loudly . we have hear she sobbing since the moment of the scream which she uttere . semi - long shot lying near the sidewalk in the backyard below the couple 's fire escape , be the silent body of the little dog they own . miss Lonely heart come run out of the basement door . she go directly to the dog , pick it up in she arm . then she slowly turn and look up at the sobbing woman above she . lonely heart ( her voice clear ) it 's dead ! it 's be strangle and the neck be break ! semi - long shot instead of increase she sobbing , this news quiet , momentarily , the woman who own the dog . her hand go down to the railing of the fire escape , grip it fiercely . she lift she face to the neighborhood , she lip set and she eye burn . her chest move convulsively from the cry . siffleuse which one of you do it ? ( loud ) which one of you kill my dog ? ( no one answer ; she voice be acid ) you do not know the meaning of the word " neighbor " . neighbor like each other -- speak to each other -- care if anybody life or die . but none of you do ! you do not talk , you do not help , you -- you do not --- ( Fighting tear ) even see . but I could not imagine any even of you be so low that you would kill a little helpless , friendly dog ! the only thing in this whole neighborhood who like anybody ! semi - long shot the guest at the song -writer 's party begin to move silently back to the studio apartment . semi - long shot the people move off they balcony into the apartment . semi - long shot the woman almost scream at the people now , as she look up at the apartment . siffleuse do you kill he because he like you ? just because he like you ? she break out sobbing anew , and return to she apartment and out of sight , the cry grow fainter with she retreat . the husband lean over the fire -escape , and motion miss Lonely heart to place the dog in the basket , which be already lower . semi - long shot miss Lonely heart put the dog in the basket , and watch as the husband draw it slowly up . semi - long shot the bathing beauty go inside they apartment . medium shot the newlywed draw they shade again . medium shot the landlord move away from the window . semi - long shot the dog move closer to the fire escape , slowly , the husband pull the rope in hand over hand . semi - long shot miss torso go back to she apartment . semi - long shot miss hear Aid turn down the volume of she hearing aid and go back to she apartment . semi - long shot the dog reach the fire escape , and the husband tenderly take it out of the basket . he turn to carry it 's into the apartment . int . jeff' apartment - night medium shot Jeff and Lisa be at the window . he be hold on of hand . Jeff speak without look up . jeff for a minute , doyle almost have I convinced I be wrong . lisa but you be not ? jeff in the whole courtyard , only one person do not come to the window . ( he point ) ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot thorwald 's apartment . it be dark . the only light that can be see in it be the glow end of a cigar in the center of the room , back from the window -- as if thorwald be sit quietly on he sofa , smoking . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot Lisa look down at Jeff . lisa why would thorwald want to kill a dog ? ( almost a laugh ) because it know too much ? he nod solemnly and then turn back to the window , as both he and Lisa look again towards ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot thorwald 's apartment . still dark , and only the unmove glow of a cigar show in the center of the apartment . int . jeff' apartment - dusk - medium shot Jeff , stella and Lisa be group at the window , look out . the camera be behind they . Jeff hold the long - focus lens to he eye . ext . jeff' apartment - dusk - camera shot we wee the upper part of the bedroom window , belong to thorwald . the lower part of the window be cover by a wall . in the bathroom , thorwald be wiping the enamele wall with a damp cloth . he rub at particular spot now and then . over this we hear : jeff do you think this be worth wait all day to see ? lisa be he clean house ? jeff he 's wash down the bathroom wall . stella must have splatter a lot . int . jeff' apartment - dusk - medium shot we now see they face . Jeff lower the camera with a long - focus lens . neither he nor Lisa make any comment . finally stella blurt out : stella well , why not ? that 's what we be all think . he kill she in there , and he have to wipe up the stain before he leave . Lisa turn away from the window . lisa stella , you choice of word -- stella also turn , interrupt she stella nobody 's invent polite word yet for kill . int . jeff' apartment - dusk - closeup Jeff , who be still stare out the window , have a look of sudden discovery on he face . he call quickly : jeff Lisa -- Lisa -- on the shelf over there -- get I the small yellow box -- he turn halfway around , and point . we see Lisa move behind he toward the shelf . he add : jeff and that little viewer . he turn back to the window , hold out he right hand to the side , wait for the box and viewer . the camera pull back a little as Lisa come up , and place the box and viewer in he hand . he open the box , which contain color slide , and hold one or two of the slide up to the light . Lisa look down at he curiously and stella come forward from the background . jeff ( half to himself as he search slide ) this be not more than two week old -- I hope I do not take all leg art . ( discover the right slide ) I think this be the one . put the other slide to one side and put the select one onto the viewer , with sound of satisfaction . as he lift the viewer to he eye Lisa ask impatiently : lisa Jeff -- what be you look for ? he squint out through the viewer , then look away a moment without it . jeff something -- that if I be right -- might solve a murder . he look back through the viewer . stella Mrs. thorwald ? jeff uh-uh . the dog . I think I know now why thorwald kill it . he take the viewer from he eye , hand it to Lisa . jeff you take a look and tell I what you see . int . jeff' apartment - dusk - closeup Lisa raise the viewer to she eye . ext . neighborhood - dusk - closeup through the viewer we see the identical view out of the window . jeff ( over ) now take it away . the viewer move away , and we be leave with the identical scene , but not quite so still , a slight breeze stir the foliage . int . jeff' apartment - dusk - medium shot Jeff look up to a puzzle Lisa . jeff well ? lisa it 's just a picture of the backyard , that 's all . jeff I know . but there 's one important change . the flower in thorwald 's pet flower bed . stella you mean the one the dog be sniff around ? jeff ( to stella ) and digging in . ( point out window ) look at that flower bed . they all lean forward to look . ext . neighborhood - dusk - medium shot the flower bed . the flower have a slight dip in the center . Jeff speak off : jeff there 's a dip at this end . and since when do flower grow short in two week ? stella there 's something bury there . int . jeff' apartment - dusk - medium shot all three ease back in awe . Lisa , still look out , say : lisa ( breathe it ) Mrs. thorwald ! suddenly stella begin to chuckle . they look around at she . her face sober as she answer they unask question : stella you have not spend much time in cemetery , have you ? ( they do not answer ) Mr. thorwald could hardly put he wife into a plot of ground scarcely one foot square . Jeff and Lisa slowly turn they head to look out at the garden . ext . neighborhood - dusk - semi - long shot the garden again with its small indentation of flower over this we hear the ghoulish voice of stella : stella unless , he put in stand on end -- which would be very original and not require the use of either a knife or a see . my guess be she 's scattered all over town . a leg in the East River -- a arm -- lisa ( cut in ) stella , please . int . jeff' apartment - dusk - medium shot Jeff look at stella . jeff something 's in there . that flower have be take up , and put back again . lisa ( have a hard time say it ) it could be -- the knife , and the see . stella ( quickly ) call Lieutenant doyle ! lisa no -- let 's wait . let 's wait until it get dark . I will go over and dig it up ! halfway through Lisa 's speech , Jeff begin speak . jeff ( to stella ) I be not go to call doyle until I show he the body of Mrs. thorwald -- ( to Lisa ) and you be not go to dig up anything , a get you neck break too . the camera ease back to allow Lisa to sit on the divan , and Jeff turn he chair toward she . stella still look out the window , think . jeff what we have get to do be find some way to get in there , and -- stella 's quiet voice bring he to a halt . stella he 's start to pack . Jeff whip back to the window ; Lisa turn to look . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot thorwald , in the bedroom , methodically fold a suit into a suitcase . another suitcase , unopen , be visible . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff be stare out , grip he chair tightly . there be a touch of desperation on he face . he look down at the flower , briefly , then swing around abruptly . he wheel away from the camera to the wall cabinet . we see he take a piece of notepaper , a pencil and a envelope . he put a name on the envelope , and then proceed to write something on the sheet of paper . stella and Lisa edge up behind he , and look down at what he be write . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup the camera rush down over Jeff 's shoulder , just in time to catch the last word as he finish write the message . the envelope be address to " lar thorwald . " the massage read , simply , " what have you do with her ? " fade out : fade in : int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff at the window , look through the long - focus lens . we get a glimpse of stella behind he . he be watch : ext . neighborhood - night - camera shot the alleyway and street . just regular traffic . suddenly Lisa come into the picture from the leave . she be carry a white envelope . she stop , wave she hand at Jeff , smile , and then hurry on . the lens slowly pan to the right and stop on miss torso 's apartment . she be stand on a small stepladder , nail curtain above she window . her leg be bare , though she wear high -heel shoe . we do not see more than half - way up she thigh . the lens take this in for the briefest split-second of hesitancy then move on to await the arrival of Lisa along thorwald 's corridor . she do not appear yet . the lens move back to get another glimpse of miss torso , who be now descend the ladder . she be wear a leotard . over this , we hear stella 's voice : stella what be you go back for ? the lens quickly swing back to thorwald 's corridor . Lisa be see turn the corner , and approach thorwald 's door on tiptoe . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff lower the long - focus lens to get a more comprehensive view of thorwald 's apartment and corridor outside . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot Lisa approach the door of thorwald 's apartment . the salesman come into the live room . he find a package of cigarettes , extract one , and light it . Lisa kneel down , and carefully slide the letter under the door . at this moment , thorwald extinguish the match , toss it into a ashtray , and turn toward the door . he freeze as he see the letter on the floor . this momentary hesitation allow Lisa to straighten up , turn , and walk carefully but swiftly , away . thorwald move rapidly toward the door . he bend down , scoops up the letter , and examine it briefly . Lisa be just turn out of sight at the end of the corridor , as thorwald throw open the door . he look and see no one . he take a few question step down the corridor , then stop to examine the letter again . slowly he turn and make he way back to the apartment , tear open the envelope . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff lift the long - focus lens to he eye again . his expression be tense . ext . neighborhood - night - camera shot thorwald stop in front of he door to read the note . there be some curiosity on he face . as he read , all movement and emotion drain from he body . he stand there , freeze . Jeff 's voice be hear over : jeff you do it , thorwald ! you do it ! suddenly thorwald turn and dash down the corridor . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff whip the long - focus lens from he eye . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot as thorwald dash down the corridor , we hear Jeff 's voice . he cry out instinctively , but almost to himself : jeff Lisa ! look out ! he 's come ! int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup both stella and Jeff frantic . stella ( accusingly ) you should not have let she do that ! if he ever -- jeff ( interrupt ) look ! ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot Lisa suddenly appear at the ground floor door below thorwald 's . she hide , press back against the wall tensely . in the corridor above , thorwald return , frustrated . he come out onto the fire escape directly above Lisa . she be aware of he , and immediately retreat into the doorway . she disappear down the lower corridor , as thorwald search he fire escape . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup there be a sigh of relief from both of they . stella thank heaven that 's over ! jeff I have a feel we have just begin . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot thorwald be now pass through the live room into the bedroom . he pick up a shirt and put it on . he then return to pack he suitcase , move unhurriedly . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot Jeff rub he chin thoughtfully . stella be scan the neighborhood . we hear a radio , or a television show , off ; and there be distant , rhythmic music come from the cafe on thorwald 's street . jeff no doubt of it . he 's leave . the question be -- when ? stella 's brow knit a little as she see something . she reach for the long focus lens . stella mind if I use the portable keyhole ? Jeff hand it to she . jeff not as long as you tell I what you be look at . she lift it to she eye . ext . neighborhood - night - camera shot miss Lonely heart ' apartment . she have open a small brown bottle , and take out four red capsule which she place on the white table cloth of she little table . there be a candle burn in a holder , and other lamp also light the apartment . she be dress in sedate street clothes . she sit at the table , and by the light of the candle proceed to open a black - cover book , and read it . the print be fine . she bend over it a moment , look up at the capsule , and return to the book . she seem quite at peace . stella and Jeff be hear over : stella I wonder . jeff what ? stella miss Lonely heart just laid out something that look like sodium trieckonal capsule . jeff you can tell that from here ? stella I handle enough of that red pill to put everybody in New Jersey asleep for the winter . jeff would four of they -- ? stella ( break in ) no -- but it make the rest easy to take . and she 's read the Bible . jeff ( after a slight pause ) then I would not worry too much . but let 's keep a eye on she . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot stella lower the long - focus lens . stella you know ? you might not be too bad a bargain for Lisa after all . jeff you do not say ! I might just take that compliment as a insult . the door burst open , and they both turn quickly toward the entrance . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi - long shot Lisa come in , panting and flushed . she stand a second at the door , catch she breath , but smile with the pleasure of sampling danger and escape unharme . lisa be not that close ? jeff ( off ) too close . she come down the stair . lisa what be he reaction ? I mean when he look at the note ? int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot as Lisa come up to the two of they . stella well , it be not the kind of expression that would get he a quick loan at the bank . Lisa come close to Jeff , speak warmly . lisa Jeff -- how do I do ? he take she hand . jeff Real professional . would have make a great layout for the bazaar . the model press back against a brick wall , eye wild , tense . low cut bodice , in new suspicious black , with a -- some of the pleasure go out of she face . stella notice it . stella ( interrupt Jeff ) you would make a good door prize at a wake . it relieve the slight friction , as both Jeff and Lisa laugh . Lisa happen to look toward the window , and the laugh die . lisa Jeff -- the handbag . Jeff and stella turn toward the window . Jeff grab the long - focus lens , lift it up . ext . neighborhood - night - camera shot thorwald have the new alligator bag belong to he wife , in he hand . he move slowly across the bedroom , out of sight behind the door . he do not appear in the live room . in a moment he reappear , move back to he pack . he put the handbag into one of the suitcase -- the one which he have almost complete fill . he go on with he pack . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot Jeff put down the long - focus lens , and turn around toward the room . the two woman watch he expectantly . jeff suppose Mrs. thorwald 's wedding ring be among the jewelry he have in the handbag . ( support he proposition ) during that phone conversation he hold up three ring -- one with a diamond -- one with a big stone of some kind -- and one plain gold band . lisa ( excite ) and the last thing she would leave behind would be she wedding ring ! ( to stella ) do you ever leave yours at home ? stella lift she leave hand , and look fondly at she ring finger . stella the only way anybody could get that off would be to chop my finger -- let 's go down and find out what 's bury in the garden . lisa why not ? I always want to meet Mrs. thorwald . Jeff look at they aghast . jeff what be you two talk about ? stella get a shovel ? jeff no. stella there 's probably one in the basement . jeff now wait a minute -- lisa Jeff , if you be squeamish , just do not look . jeff now hold on . I be not a bit squeamish about what might be under that flower -- but I do not care to watch two woman end up like that dog -- stella grow a little uneasy . her eye drift toward thorwald 's apartment . stella ( to Lisa ) you know , miss fremont -- he might just have something there . jeff there 's no point in take unnecessary chance . ( he point ) give I the phone book , Lisa . Lisa move for the phone book on the stand near the kitchen . lisa what for ? jeff maybe I can get thorwald out of the apartment . Lisa hand he the book . stella we only need a few minute . Jeff look for thorwald 's number in the directory . jeff I will try to give you at least fifteen minute . lisa how ? jeff ( find the number ) chelsea 2-7099 . ( he look up , reach for the phone ) we scared he once . maybe we can scare he again . ( pick up receiver ; pause ) I be use that word " we " a little too freely , I guess . I do not take any of the chance . lisa shall we vote he in , stella ? stella unanimously . the two woman smile . Jeff pick up the phone and dial chelsea 2-7099 . the woman watch he tensely . he hold the receiver away from he ear a little , and the buzzer be hear sounding on filter . Lisa look toward thorwald 's apartment ; then stella ; then Jeff . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot thorwald 's apartment . he come out of the bedroom toward the phone . he wear a light summer coat and tie , despite the heat . in the bedroom , everything be pack with the exception of one open suitcase . we see another suitcase , he sample case , and a couple of topcoat across the bed . he approach the phone hesitantly , undecided whether or not to answer it . jeff ( off , half - aloud ) go ahead , thorwald -- pick it up . you be curious . you wonder if it 's you girl friend call . the one you kill for . pick it up , thorwald ! quickly thorwald do pick it up . thorwald ( cautiously , on filter ) hello . jeff ( off ) do you get my note ? there be a pause as thorwald grope for a answer . we can almost hear he breathe . jeff well -- do you get it , thorwald ? thorwald who be you ? jeff I will give you a chance to find out . meet I in the bar at the brevoort -- and do it right away . thorwald why should I ? jeff for a little business meeting -- to settle the estate of you late wife . thorwald ( after a pause ) I do not know what you mean . jeff ( firmly ) now stop waste time , thorwald , or I will hang up and call the police . thorwald ( breathe heavily ) I only have a hundred dollar or so . jeff that 's a start . I be at the brevoort now . I will be look for you . he hang up before thorwald can reply . thorwald look at the receiver a moment , then he slowly hang up . he stand at the phone think . he do not suspect he be be watch through the window . then he make up he mind and start for the door . after he go out he test the door to make certain it be lock . lisa ( over ) let 's go , stella . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot Jeff turn he wheelchair halfway around as Lisa and stella start quickly for the door , the camera panning they across the room . they pause at the sound of Jeff 's voice . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff call after they : jeff one of you watch this window . if I see he come back , I will signal with a flashbulb . the door slam off and we hear the footstep of the woman die down the corridor as Jeff pick up the long - focus lens and take a sight on the alleyway . ext . neighborhood - night - camera shot thorwald go past the alley open . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot Jeff put down the lens and wheel quickly to the wall cabinet . he find a box of flash bulb and a reflector . he put they in he lap and return to the window , put the chair sideways . he lean out a little and look down . ext . neighborhood - night - medium shot Lisa be in the courtyard directly below Jeff 's window . she have reach the stairway lead up and to the right . she look , wave at Jeff as stella come up to she carry a shovel . the two woman hurry up the stair toward the iron ladder they will use to climb the wall between Jeff 's yard and that of thorwald 's . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -close shot Jeff pick up the phone and quickly dial . the buzzer sound on filter , then the phone be lift . a woman 's voice be hear and Jeff seem a little puzzle at the sound of it . baby sitter this be doyle 's house . jeff this be L. B. jeffery , a friend of Tom 's . who be I talk with ? he squint out the window . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot Lisa have climb over the wall and be help stella down into thorwald 's yard . the shovel be lie on the ground beside Lisa . Jeff 's conversation continue over the action of the two woman . baby sitter this be the baby sitter . jeff oh . when be they expect home ? baby sitter I be hire ' till one . they go to dinner and maybe night -clubbing . jeff well , if he call in , tell he to get in touch with L. B. jeffery right away . I might have quite a surprise for he . baby sitter do he have you number , Mr. jeffery ? jeff he have it . thank you . baby sitter goodnight . Jeff hang up . stella be now beginning to dig , carefully lift the flower off the center of the bed where they have dip down . she place the flower plant on the sidewalk . Lisa stand face Jeff 's window and occasionally glance over she shoulder uneasily at stella 's work . at this moment , the sound of musical instrument begin to be hear from the songwriter 's apartment . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -close shot a little annoyed at the interruption , Jeff turn to look at the studio apartment . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot in the songwriter 's apartment , several of he musician friend have gather . one play a guitar , another a clarinet , and so on . one by one they try out the theme of the songwriter 's new melody , run through it in turn to become familiar with the note . we , therefore , hear the melody play informally in different way with different instrument . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff shift he eye from the songwriter 's apartment back to the courtyard . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot stella be busy , expertly handle the shovel . Lisa have she back to the nurse , but look apprehensively over she shoulder . she then look up toward Jeff 's apartment . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff give she a encourage little gesture with he hand . then he eye lift a little as he look up . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot miss Lonely heart be sit on the sofa , write a note with a pad on she knee . next to she , on the table , the pill be still in evidence . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff pick up the long - focus lens and train it on the alleyway . ext . neighborhood - night - camera shot the alleyway and street intersection , with normal night traffic , but no sign of thorwald . the camera lens pan across and down to the hole be dig by stella . we get a impression of Lisa 's leg as we go by . the spade come out of the hole and rest on the side . the camera lens pan up just in time to catch stella turn up to Jeff . she throw out a helpless hand and shake she head . " nothing . " int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff lower the lens and look down at the two woman with evident disappointment . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot Lisa glance up to thorwald 's apartment . she turn and gesture some instruction to stella . then she look up at Jeff and gesture she intention to enter thorwald 's apartment . she turn and dash toward thorwald 's fire escape as stella make a fruitless grab to restrain she . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff , shocked and alarmed , call out : jeff Lisa -- no ! he look quickly toward the intersection and then right back to Lisa . apparently no sight of thorwald . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot while Lisa start up the fire escape , we see stella run toward the wall in the foreground to climb over it . stella have abandon the shovel and leave the flower and dirt strewn over the walk . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff , tense and wide -ey , watch Lisa climb the fire escape . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot Lisa climb the fire escape to the second floor and the outside of thorwald 's apartment . she try , unsuccessfully , to get through the window which open into the kitchen from the fire escape . and then , with some difficulty , stretch and succeed in get in through the live room window , which be open . she go directly to the bedroom and we see she bend over one of the suitcase . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -close shot Jeff quickly pick up the long - focus lens and train it on the salesman 's apartment . ext . neighborhood - night - camera shot Lisa turn from the suitcase with the alligator handbag in she hand . there be a expression of triumph on she face . she open it and she expression change to dismay . she look toward Jeff 's apartment and , to communicate she dismay , she turn the handbag upside down . nothing fall out . empty . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup he lower the long - focus lens and he be sweat with anxiety . he mutter , almost to himself : jeff come on . come on ! get out of there ! his eye turn quickly to the alleyway and back again to Lisa . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot Lisa have drop the bag on the bed and be now look around the bedroom , look for some place to start search for the jewelry . she move quickly to the dresser and begin open the drawer to check they . she find nothing . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup as Jeff watch tensely , the door burst open behind he and stella hurry into the apartment . stella Ring thorwald 's phone the second you see he on the way back ! Jeff swing toward stella . he reach for the phone . jeff I be go to ring he now ! as he pick up the receiver , stella push he hand down again . stella give she another minute -- she 's do this for you . stella look out the window and she face register shock . Jeff turn quickly to the window again , forget the phone for the moment . stella miss Lonely heart ! ext . neighborhood - night - medium shot miss Lonely heart be in the act of pop a envelope up against the table lamp on the table next to the sofa . from the same table , she take a pill bottle and empty the content into she leave hand . replacing the bottle , she pick up a glass of water . stella ( off ) call the police ! we hear the sound of the receiver pick up , and Jeff start to dial New York Police . at this moment , from the song - writer 's apartment which have be quiet for a while , come a new burst of melody . it be the melody which the song - writer have be compose during the past few day . now it be rich , and full , and complete , as the musical group play it . miss Lonely heart lift she head to listen , and slowly lower the pill and glass of water into she lap , she whole purpose arrest by the beauty of what she hear . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot Jeff and stella turn for a quick glimpse of the song - writer 's apartment . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot a quick flash of the song - writer 's apartment , and he musical group gather around the piano . stella maybe that music will delay she take the pill . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff and stella look back to thorwald 's apartment . Jeff have the receiver to he ear , and the buzzer can be hear on filter . ext . neighborhood - night - medium shot at the bottom of the picture , miss Lonely heart be still listen to the music , while in the apartment above Lisa appear into the live room from behind the doorway that lead to the bedroom . she look across to the source of the music . she be as arrest by the melody as miss Lonely heart . then look across to Jeff , she hold up she hand triumphantly to show he the jewelry she have discover . at this point , thorwald appear come along the corridor of he apartment house ! Lisa be completely unaware of he approach . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot stella be so shocked , she can only gasp for breath . Jeff , in near panic , shout in anguish ! jeff Lisa ! Lisa ! at this moment , the phone be pick up on filter , and a voice speak : police precinct six -- sergeant allgood . Jeff open he mouth to speak , but no word come out , as he attention be focus on : ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot thorwald at the door , unlock it with he key . we see that Lisa have hear the sound , and look toward the door , all but freeze with alarm . the policeman on the phone repeat with study irritation : police precinct six -- sergeant allgood . Lisa dash back into the bedroom just in time to avoid be see by thorwald as he open the door and enter the apartment . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff , urgently into phone , with a serious and rapid voice : jeff a man be assault a woman at one two five west ninth street . second floor rear . make it fast . police you name ? jeff L. B. jeffery . police phone number ? jeff ( impatiently ) chelsea 2-5598 . police two minute . phone be down on filter , and Jeff replace he receiver . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot thorwald cross the live room , and go into the bedroom . suddenly he look onto the bed . he pick up the open alligator handbag . he turn , face the window , look down at the bag . he look up in the direction of the live room . then suddenly he whole frame stiffen , he head turn a little further around to he right . he be look directly at Lisa who be out of we sight in the corner of the bedroom . he hold out the bag , and without move , start to question the unseen Lisa . he take a little step forward , and he head begin to turn slightly to the leave as Lisa begin to emerge into the live room , back away slowly . by she gesture , and nervous laughter , she appear to be offer a lame excuse for be find in he apartment . he come towards she , and enter the live room as well . Lisa edging toward the door , point to it as she apparently argue with he as to the way she come in . he point to the window . she make one more step toward the door , but thorwald reach out quickly and grab she by the wrist . he twist it brutally , and fling she sideways into the sofa beneath the window . her head snap back against the head rest . with he right hand he throw the handbag across the room in anger , and with he leave open - palm he demand something from Lisa . slowly she right hand come up and open . he take the jewelry from she , look at it for a surprised moment , put it into he coat pocket . he reach down with both hand , and by the wrist jerk she to she foot . he be talk viciously to she . we can hear Lisa call out faintly : " Jeff ! Jeff ! " thorwald suddenly look out at the neighborhood . he realize that somebody might be watch he . he drag she across the room , reach up with one arm , and the light go off . the faint light from the bedroom illuminate they struggle , but not clearly . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup a angry Jeff be stare , and try to penetrate the semi - darkness of thorwald 's room . then he bend he head forward in despair , and after a brief moment speak : jeff ( with deep sincerity ) stella -- what can we do ? int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup stella stare out , tense , frighten . then she expression change sharply as she look slightly to the leave . stella there they be . Jeff look up quickly . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot two policeman move quickly and professionally up the corridor toward thorwald 's apartment . they stop at the door , listen a moment , and then push the buzzer insistently . Inside the apartment , light go on , and thorwald be in the center of the room look toward the door . Lisa stagger away from he , try to rearrange she clothes and she hair . she be as surprised at the interruption as thorwald . he listen , look back questioningly toward Lisa , then go to the door . he pass into the kitchen . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot Jeff and stella visibly relax . Jeff do not say anything , but a gesture of rub he eye with the back of he hand give a indication of how deep he tension be . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot after a moment 's hesitation , thorwald go to the door and open it . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff quickly put a hand out and take up he long - focus lens . he look through the finder . ext . neighborhood - night - camera shot thorwald 's head and shoulder fill the screen . for a moment thorwald be genuinely frighten by the sight of the police . we see he listen to the policeman out of the picture . thorwald turn slowly and we see he lose much of he fright and regain some control of he face . he complete he turn and be look at the girl a little puzzle . he then swing back toward the police . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup a quick flash of Jeff and stella look . Jeff still have the long - focus lens to he eye . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot thorwald be display indignation and complaint to the police as he nod he head vigorously toward Lisa . at this the police start to advance into the apartment , go directly for Lisa . she flash a quick look toward Jeff 's window . she turn back as the first policeman reach she . he start to question she . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup stella turn away and go quickly to the table for the binocular . Jeff still be use the long - focus lens . ext . neighborhood - night - binocular shot we see Lisa start to excuse she presence in the same manner she use with thorwald previously , as if to say she come into the apartment by mistake . thorwald , listen , come quickly forward to contradict she , vigorously . he hold out the jewelry in he hand , and then pick up and show the empty handbag . the policeman , impressed , look back to Lisa for a explanation . she have none . over this we hear stella frantically ask : stella what 's she try to do ? why do not she turn he in ? jeff smart girl . stella smart ? she will be arrest ! jeff that will get she out of there , will not it ? the first policeman indicate that Lisa be to come along with he . he pause momentarily to tell the second policeman to take a statement from thorwald about the attempt burglary . the second policeman reach for the jewelry in thorwald 's hand , and take it for examination . in the brief pause while the two policeman speak to each other , Lisa start to wave she leave hand behind she back . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff look through he camera . ext . neighborhood - night - camera shot we get a closer view of the wave hand . she stop wave and hold she finger spread out . with she other hand she point to the wedding ring on she leave hand . stella Mrs. thorwald 's ring ! the lens pan upward and across until it bring thorwald 's profile into the picture . he be look down directly at Lisa 's hand . his head slowly turn , and he look right up -- directly into the lens . suddenly he become aware that Lisa be signal to someone who be watch he . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot Jeff and stella . he drop the camera into he lap . jeff stella ! the light ! he would see we ! stella hurry from the window , turn off light , as Jeff back he chair into the room . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot as thorwald 's attention be draw back to the second policeman to answer further question , the first policeman take Lisa by the arm and lead she out of the apartment . he go down the corridor push the curious people away from the door . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot the last light out , stella stop to catch she breath , and turn to Jeff . stella when you take you first snapshot -- do you ever think it would bring you to this ? jeff ( urgently ) stella -- how long do you think he will stay there ? stella ( squint out window ) unless he 's dumber than I think , he will not wait ' till he lease be up . Jeff point to a drawer in the wall cabinet . jeff my billfold ! in the right hand drawer . stella move to get it . stella what do you need money for ? jeff to bail Lisa out of jail . she find a billfold , hand it to Jeff . he take it , extract some bill and begin count they . as he count , stella comment : stella you know -- you could just leave she there until after next Tuesday -- so you could sneak away safely -- as plan . he look up sharply at she , and then without comment go back to count the money . jeff ( with obvious disappointment ) one hundred and twenty - seven . stella how much do you think you will need ? jeff first offense burglary -- ( he shrug ) -- probably two -fifty . ( get a idea , point ) the piggy bank . stella , follow he point finger , get a piggy bank down from a shelf on the sideboard . he take it , crack it on the knee of he cast . it split open , and some money come out . mostly bill , a few silver halve . what he do not get , stella pick up . stella ten here . jeff thirty - three here . total one - ninety . not enough . stella I get twenty or so in my purse . give I what you have get . Jeff do , as stella get she purse . jeff what about the rest ? stella when that cop get a look at miss fremont -- they will even contribute . stella go up to the door . the phone ring . Jeff grab it , pick it up . stella pause . jeff ( to phone ) just a minute . ( to stella ) I will tell you who it be when you get back . stella go quickly out the door . he return to the phone call , glance at the same time toward the courtyard . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup jeff jeffery . doyle ( filter ) this be doyle , Jeff . jeff ( urgently ) Tom , I have get something real big for you . doyle ( wearily ) look Jeff , do not louse up my night with another man killer stuff a grisly trunk that turn out to be -- jeff ( interrupt harshly ) listen to I ! Lisa 's be arrest . doyle ( slightest pause ) you Lisa ? jeff my Lisa . she go into thorwald 's apartment , and he come back . the only way I could get she out be to call the police . doyle ( angry ) I tell you that -- jeff ( interrupt ) I know what you tell I ! she go in to get evidence , and she come out with it . doyle like what ? jeff like Mrs. thorwald 's wedding ring . if that woman be still alive , she would be wear it . doyle ( grudgingly ) a possibility . jeff ( talk fast ) a fact ! last night he kill a dog for paw in he garden . why ? because he have something bury in there . something a dog could scent . doyle like a old hambone ? jeff ( fast ) I do not know what pet name thorwald have for he wife . and that night he go out half a dozen time with the metal suitcase . he be not take he possession , because they be up in he apartment now ! doyle you think perhaps it be " old hambone ? " jeff in section ! and one other thing , doubting Tom -- it just occur to I that all the call thorwald make be long distance ! if he call he wife the day she leave -- after she arrive in merritsville -- why do she need to send he a postcard say she would arrive ? doyle ( after pause ; a detective ) where would they take Lisa ? jeff precinct six . I send a friend over with bail money . doyle maybe you will not need it . I will run it down , Jeff . ext . neighborhood - night - long shot we see thorwald leave he apartment and proceed down the corridor . jeff just do not dally . thorwald know he 's be watch . he will not hang around long . doyle if that ring check out , we will give he a escort . so long . he hang up , and just as he do , Jeff look toward thorwald 's apartment . he roll forward to the window . he seem a little puzzle by what he see . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot thorwald 's apartment . completely dark . no movement , or glow of a cigar . the corridor outside light , but empty . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -close shot Jeff scratch the side of he chin , study thorwald 's apartment as if he might see some small clue as to where the salesman be . he look toward the intersection to he leave . apparently he see nothing . he turn to look down into the garden . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot miss Lonely heart be stand in the yard outside she apartment , look up to the porch of miss torso . the ballet dancer be in high heel and a fresh summer dress . miss torso ( faintly hear ) have you hear that song he 's be write ? she indicate the song -writer 's apartment . miss Lonely heart turn , look up at the studio apartment a moment , then look up at miss torso . miss lonely heart ( nod yes ) I be glad I be here when he play it . int . jeff' apartment - night - close shot he sit quietly a moment , think . suddenly he jump a little as the phone ring . he reach for it , pick up the receiver . jeff ( still look out window ) hello . ( no answer ) hello , doyle ? Tom ? Tom , I think thorwald 's leave . I do not see anything of -- ( he look at receiver , then : ) hello . slowly he look up toward thorwald 's apartment . then , back to the receiver . on filter , a receiver can be hear carefully be replace . Jeff slowly lower the phone into the cradle . he look once more toward thorwald 's apartment . then he turn he chair around quickly and look toward the door to he apartment . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot the door . quiet in the apartment , and in the corridor . Light show beneath the door from the hall light . int . jeff' apartment - night - close shot Jeff watch , wait , nervous at first . he reach for the phone , change he mind . he look around for some kind of a weapon , find none to suit he . he hear the slight squeak of a floorboard , and look quickly toward the door again . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot the door . another squeak of a floorboard , so light and quickly pass that at any other time it would have no significance , even if it could be hear . then the light beneath the door disappear . Black . int . jeff' apartment - night - close shot Jeff squint at the door , blink , squint again . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot the door . no doubt about it , black . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -close shot he look again for a weapon , and almost by instinct he snatch up he flash holder and the small packet of bulb he have take out to signal Lisa earlier . he try to move he wheelchair farther into the shadow . his eye be glue to the door of he apartment , and he sense be sharp as a hunt dog 's . he scarcely breathes . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot only the slight sound be hear as the doorknob turn . the door slowly and carefully swing open , but the corridor be too dark to tell at first who be enter . the door close just as quietly . from the shadow recess come a heavy voice . a threaten voice . thorwald what do you want from I ? Jeff do not answer . thorwald step to the top of the stair , and be now somewhat visible . he look tall and huge and explosive . thorwald you friend -- the girl -- could have turn I in . why do not she ? int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff do not answer . his eye watch thorwald . he lick he lip with nervous tension and grip the flash holder . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot thorwald come down the two step , pause at the bottom . thorwald what be it you want ? a lot of money ? I do not have any money . Jeff do not answer . thorwald say something ! he move forward a couple of step . thorwald ( sudden loud anger ) say something ! tell I what you want ! int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup Jeff still do not speak . he grip the flash holder a little more tightly , lift it just the fraction of a inch as if he be prepare to use it . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup thorwald have advanced to the middle of the room , he eye on Jeff and he hand clenching with the effort to control he anger . thorwald can you get I that ring back ? jeff ( quietly ) no. thorwald ( loud ) tell she to bring it back ! he advance a step . jeff I can not . the police have it by now . thorwald then if the police get I -- you will not be around to laugh ! thorwald start to move threateningly for Jeff . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup from a three - quarter angle toward thorwald . Jeff lift the flash holder to face level and close he eye . he explode the flash . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup thorwald 's face fill the screen register shock , confusion . he throw up he hand for protection and recoil , make a involuntary sound of surprise . int . jeff' apartment - night a vision of Jeff and the apartment as see by thorwald . it be distort and out of focus , fill with large twist ball of bright yellow color . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup thorwald blink , try to regain he sight . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -closeup Jeff eject the use bulb and quickly insert another . he work furiously , sweat . he get the bulb in the flash holder just in time to meet thorwald come at he . Jeff close he eye and another bulb explode in thorwald 's face . int . jeff' apartment - night - closeup thorwald 's face , full screen again , as he recoil from the flash . int . jeff' apartment - night the apartment as see by thorwald again . Big , twist ball of blind yellow . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot thorwald stumble back against the side table , knock object off onto the floor , struggle for balance and sight . Jeff work rapidly to put a fresh bulb in the holder . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -close shot thorwald regains he equilibrium and some of he sight . orient himself , he start for Jeff again . this time , when the flash holder go off , we see it from Jeff 's angle . thorwald be light almost white , shockingly outline every detail of he face , clothes , hand . his rage and frustration be fix for a brief but terrifying moment . he stumble backward again , try to brush the light away from he face almost as if it be a solid envelop substance . int . jeff' apartment - night - semi -close shot Jeff eject a bulb , put he last bulb into the flash holder . he try to move the wheelchair a little further away from thorwald . then he raise the flash holder again . in b.g. we see : doyle , Lisa , stella and the detective come to thorwald 's door , try it . lock . one of the man step forward with a flat steel jimmy and snap the lock open . they move quickly into the darken apartment . doyle hit the light inside the kitchen . the group go into the live room . the light go on . no sign of thorwald . doyle , Lisa and stella instinctively turn and look toward Jeff 's apartment . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot from thorwald 's apartment shoot at Jeff 's window . a sudden bright flash be see as the last flash bulb go off . and it light the scene of Jeff in the wheelchair and thorwald diving through the air at he . darkness rush in , blacker than before . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot thorwald have finally reach Jeff , knock the flash equipment out of he hand and come to grip with he . it be apparent that he be try to pull Jeff out of the wheelchair . Jeff fight he off . the wheelchair crash over , spilling Jeff to the floor . thorwald be on top of he , lift , drag he to the window . Jeff grab everything he can to keep himself away from the window , but thorwald be far too powerful for he . he strain to raise Jeff to the windowsill . thorwald I will give you a good look out the window . slowly , inexorably , he raise Jeff to the windowsill . Jeff frantically grab for the upright window frame , wrapping he arm around it . thorwald shove the rest of he body over the windowsill . ext . neighborhood - night - medium shot doyle , Lisa , stella and the two detective , crossing thorwald 's yard , see Jeff go out the window . Lisa be panicked . lisa Jeff ! Jeff ! ext . neighborhood - night - medium long shot from doyle 's viewpoint , Jeff hang out the window and thorwald hammer at he hand and arm with bare fist . doyle push Lisa to one side and start to scale the wall , precede by the two detective . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot thorwald fight to dislodge Jeff 's grip . ext . jeff' apartment - night - close shot look down on Jeff 's face , show he strain and the pain of thorwald 's attack . the brick floor of the patio seem a hundred foot below . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot thorwald and Jeff struggle . ext . neighborhood - night - semi -close shot doyle pull himself to the top of the wall . Lisa , stella and the two man below , look up . Lisa be white - face and frighten . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot thorwald smashes at Jeff 's arm and hand . Jeff 's grip begin to slip . ext . neighborhood - night - semi -close shot doyle reach the top of the wall , look up at Jeff . ext . neighborhood - night - medium long shot Jeff , as see from doyle 's angle , hang , somehow weather thorwald 's insane attack . ext . neighborhood - night - semi -close shot doyle reach for he service revolver . he do not have it ! he look down , and call one of the detective back . doyle Creel ! you thirty -eight ! ext . neighborhood - night - semi -close shot look down at the two detective from doyle 's point of view . Creel grab for he gun expertly . the holster break away . it be in he hand and with a deat movement he toss it upward . ext . neighborhood - night - semi -close shot doyle catch it , turn up to Jeff 's apartment . int . jeff' apartment - night - medium shot thorwald still try to loosen Jeff 's grip . the salesman , in a complete , wild , sweat rage , be beyond all reason . his glass hang from one ear , he coat be tear , he tie pull to one side . ext . neighborhood - night - medium long shot shoot over doyle 's shoulder as he steady himself against the wall , lift the service revolver up for a shot at thorwald . his aim be careful , slow , painfully deliberate . Jeff seem about to fall . ext . neighborhood - night - medium shot the two detective ahead of doyle be move up below the window . Lisa stand look up , she hand at the side of she head , freeze with panic . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot two detective appear behind thorwald and grab he . the startle thorwald stop he attack on Jeff as he look wildly around to find the source of he new attack . ext . neighborhood - night - closeup Jeff , hang from the window frame . he claw desperately for a hold . ext . neighborhood - night - comprehensive shot people rush to they window , look out at the excitement . some people on the ground floor come out into the yard . doyle and the two detective come into the patio beneath Jeff . doyle direct they to improvise something to break Jeff 's fall -- leave , greenery , they coat , cushion from the patio furniture -- anything they can find . the four uniform policeman rush into the backyard . Lisa and stella come over the wall into the patio beneath Jeff . they look up at Jeff , encourage he to hold on . a detective go into Jeff 's cellar door , try to reach he apartment before Jeff lose he grip . the siffleuse and she husband be stand on the fire escape in plain , almost somber clothes . they watch expressionlessly . beneath they the empty basket which once hold they dog swing silently in the night air . ext . neighborhood - night - medium shot Jeff , hang from he windowsill . he lose he grip and plunge down into the patio below . two detective throw themselves beneath he . they be knock to the ground as Jeff 's fall tumble both of they . after Jeff hit , he lie still , twisted over to one side . doyle and Lisa rush over to Jeff . there be a audible SOUND of shock in the neighborhood as Jeff have fall -- various oh 's , ah's , and possibly a stifle scream or two . ext . neighborhood - night - semi -close shot Lisa kneel down , cradle Jeff 's head in she lap . there be tear in she eye . her clothes be dishevel and she dress tear . her hair be disarranged . but withal , she face be as beautiful as ever , with love . lisa Jeff -- Jeff darling ! he open he eye . wince with pain . lisa ( to the detective ) get a ambulance . ( down to Jeff ) do not move . try to lie still . jeff Lisa -- I -- I -- can not tell you how scared I be that you -- you might -- lisa ( affectionately ) shut up . I be all right . jeff ( to doyle ) think you have get enough for a search warrant now ? doyle oh sure . sure . I can make it . ext . neighborhood - night - semi - long shot at that moment , a man appear lean out of Jeff 's window . he look down to the patio . detective Lieutenant doyle ? doyle ( off ) ( look up ) yeah ? detective thorwald 's ready to take we on a tour of the East River . ext . neighborhood - night - semi -closeup stella tug at doyle 's arm and stand on tiptoe to whisper something into he ear . doyle then look up to the detective . doyle do he say what be bury in the flower bed ? detective yeah . it 's over in he apartment . in a hat box . wanna look ? doyle turn quizzically at stella . stella oh , no thanks -- I do not want any of part of she ( she pause , then do a surprised take back to doyle ) what do I say ? dissolve to : ext . neighborhood - day - pan shot beginning on Jeff 's window thermometer , the camera pan from right to left around the neighborhood . in the songwriter 's apartment we see the songwriter with a guest -- miss Lonely heart . both in dress and manner she seem quite happy and adjust to life . the songwriter be place the first recording of he new song on a record player for she to hear . it be a full symphonic arrangement which be hear over . continue to pan thorwald 's apartment be empty , stripped of its furnishings . two painter be repaint the wall . the siffleuse and she husband be on they fire escape , training a new white dog to ride in they basket . miss torso be practice she ballet again . she wear a white leotard . the sound of someone at the door interrupt she . she go to the door , open it a inch or two cautiously . when she see who be outside , she throw open the door . a innocuous , unhandsome and somewhat shy army private enter with a barrack bag sling over one shoulder . she kiss he fondly after close the door . he put down the barrack bag , toss he hat into a chair and , with the attitude of a man who belong there , go to the icebox to see what 's to eat . the newlywed be argue . the camera pan past Jeff who be asleep in he wheelchair face away from the window . camera move down to the lower part of he body and we see that both he leg be now in cast . the camera lift slightly to show Lisa sit on the sofa nearby . she wear Levis and a plaid cotton shirt . she be read a book on travel . she look up briefly at Jeff . when she realize he be asleep , she put down the travel book and reach for the latest copy of harper 's bazaar . she settles down to study it as we fade out : the end