the good samaritan ( released as : reasonable doubt ) by Peter a dowling ( a thriller ) 02.29.12 we hear the sound of child 's laughter and -- CUT to : ext . playground - franklin park - boston - evening nestled at the edge of 64.8 acre of rugge woodland . kide play on rope swing , timber slide and rugge wooden see - saw . mother and nannies sit and talk together on bench . a young man , cecil ackerman , 24 , pale skin , red hair , be watch from beyond the playground fence . his eye follow the little girl , some of they no more than 6 year old , as they swing to and for . he see a small girl , emma , 7 , toss a ball . it go through the fence and roll out onto the path . Emma look to she nanny , 19 , but she be deep in conversation . Emma slip through a gap in the fence and go after the ball . as she bend to pick it up , she clumsily kick it . the ball roll away down a sloping path into the wood and Emma go after it ... cecil look at the nanny . at the other mother . nobody have notice Emma 's absence . cecil push back from the fence and casually walk away . ext . franklin park —- evening Emma 's ball bounce off the path and into the bush . Emma follow it . push though the foliage . she see she ball and -- cecil pick it up . Emma look up at he . he smile . cecil be this you ball ? Emma take a small step back . nod . cecil ( cont 'd ) what 's you name ? emma Emma . cecil Emma . that 's a pretty name . cecil hold the ball out to she ... cecil ( cont 'd ) do not be afraid . here . come and take it . Emma take a small step forward . she reach for the ball . do not fully commit ... cecil ( cont 'd ) I will not bite , Emma . Emma take another step toward he and a out of focus figure appear behind cecil . a hammer ( wrap in plastic ) rise above he and -- ext . child 's playground - franklin park - evening Emma 's scream alert the mother and nanny . all bolt up . look around . we focus on Emma 's nanny . scan the child ... nanny Emma ! where 's Emma ?! another scream and nanny vault the fence and run down the sloping path . nanny ( cont 'd ) emma ! ! ext . franklin park —- evening nanny burst through the bush and find -- Emma just stand there . unhurt . she have tear stream down she face . cecil be go . nanny drop to she knee and envelop the sobbing child as -- in the wood somewhere we hear a vehicle engine start . Emma look at the ball settling on the ground . a single drop of blood roll down its plastic surface ... CUT to : ext . boston municipal courthouse - day establish shot of the surprisingly warm look brick building . mitch 's voice the defense would have you believe that circumstance be what put the accuse in this court today . int . courtroom — courtroom - day ( a.d.a . ) Assistant District Attorney mitch brody , mid 30 , stand before the jury . he 's Boston bear and raise but he 's soften the accent . there 's a slight scrappy edge to he . a fighter . judge mckenna , 60 , a stern look woman , preside . mitch honesty or , in the defendant 's case , a lack of honesty - that 's why we be here today . call it character . call it backbone . call it common decency . everyone have a choice . ( beat ) lack of education opportunity , a break home , low employment rate be nothing but excuse to hide behind when you be decide who you want to be in this world . ( beat ) neither fate , nor society , put Francis mulligan inside the house of gloria Mitchell on the night of the fifteenth . neither fate , nor society , tell he to tie she up - shove a gun in she face - and take she belonging . that be he choice . Mitch look at mulligan , 25 , irish tat up each arm . mulligan stare back with total disrespect . mitch ( cont 'd ) the defense would have you walk in he client 's shoe . well I have . I be from dorchester . ( this get people 's attention ) it 's a shit hole . nobody 's say it 's not . but that 's where I be from - not who I be . mulligan look down . confronte by a alternate life . mitch ( cont 'd ) he 's not the victim here . so , if you be go to put yourself in anyone 's shoe - put yourself in gloria Mitchell 's . Mitch walk back to he seat and sit beside fellow a.d.a . stuart kemp , early 30 , doughy , not what you would call handsome . stuart Nice close , deniro . mitch you like that ? stuart not who I be ? it be golden . judge mckenna the jury will adjourn to deliberate a verdict . Mitch , Stuart and the defense settle into they chair to wait . a defense attorney leave to take a call ... mitch you get any snack ? I miss breakfast . Rachel 's on total bed rest for the last few day . stuart I tell you , I be on a diet . mitch you be tell I you do not have one chocolate bar hide in there . Mitch grab Stuart 's briefcase and dig . find a snicker bar . grin '' ah -ha ! '' . Stuart look bust . stuart that 's for emergency . in case my blood sugar drop . Mitch 's phone buzze . read : '' it 's time ! '' mitch it 's time . oh , shit . I gotta go . Mitch put down the snicker 's bar and start to stuff papers into he case ... stuart but the jury 's still out . mitch it 's a guilty verdict . five year . parole after two . stuart how do you know ? mitch one - judge mckenna 's soft on the educationally challenge and nobody get shot . Mitch pick up he case -- stuart and two ? mitch ( smile - - ) I do not lose . ( to judge mckenna --) I be sorry about this , you honor . I be go to have to leave my esteem associate to finish up . my wife just go into labor . judge mckenna congratulation , counselor . you be free to go . Mitch turn to walk away -- then reach back and snatch up the snicker 's bar . stuart hey ! mitch it 's a emergency . Mitch hurry down the aisle toward the rear door ... ext . mitch STREET / house - day Mitch 's escalade zoom into the tree-line , suburban street . kid skateboard and play ball . he turn up the driveway of a pretty , but modest , two -story starter-home . int . study —- mitch 's house - day a photograph of a six year old mitch and he ma 's ( on the back wooden step of a run-down house in pope Hill ) dominate the shot . it 's oddly frame ( they be both too close to one edge ) like we be only see half a picture . it sit on a desk with other photo of Mitch and he wife . through the window we see Mitch 's car approach the garage . there be a groan clunk that shake the house as the garage start to open . int . bedroom — day rachel brody , 29 , crush Mitch 's hand as she push . the midwife , late 5as , heavy german accent , urge she on . sparse medical equipment need for a home birth stand beside the bed . midwife the baby be crown . I can see the head . keep push . Mitch kiss Rachel 's head ... mitch you be do great . breath . push .... mitch ( cont 'd ) come on , push . Rachel crush he hand ... midwife I can see the shoulder . one more push . rachel I can not . midwife one more . mitch you can do it . Rachel strain with all of she might , let out a pain gasp and - the baby girl be out . midwife clear she nose and mouth and then wrap the baby in a blanket and hand she up to Rachel . mitch ( cont 'd ) you do it . oh , my God , I can not believe it . Rachel hold she . tear in she eye ... rachel hello , baby girl . mitch let I take a picture . rachel no , I be a mess . mitch what be you talk about ? you look beautiful . Mitch kiss she . pull out he iphone and fire up the screen . he see a text : '' guilty . five year . I hate you . '' Mitch smile . rachel ( to baby ) I think clever daddy just win another case . Joe aim the iphone at Rachel and the baby ... mitch smile . Rachel smile . click . Mitch like the photo ... midwife Mr. brody , would you like to cut the cord ? midwife hold a pair of scissors out to Mitch . Mitch hesitates . Rachel laugh at he expression .. CUT to : int . garage - brody house - day Mitch be at the work - bench . he have a beer open . he 's assemble the first piece of a baby crib . he have a wall of tool in front of he , each piece hang on a hook . he take down a screwdriver and we see there be a silhouette of it draw on the wall . a place for everything . CUT to : int . boardroom —- district attorney' office -— day Mitch , Stuart and the rest of the da 's staff be crowded inside . all toast Mitch with a glass of champagne . CUT to : a row of shot glass be sloppily filled with tequila . int . the paxton tap - night lime be jamme on the edge and the tray be lift and carry through the crowd . Sports play on flat-screen . Music pound . the tray be put down on -- a corner table where Mitch be wear a oversize pin that read '' baby daddy ! '' and be sit with frank , stuart , and joe . great friend who all go to law school together . empty beer and shot glass litter the table . stuart another toast . stuart pick up a tequila shot . the other follow suit ... mitch I be pretty toast already . Stuart raise Mitch 's hand anyway ... stuart to the bastard who have it all . a beautiful wife , a great career -- frank awesome friend . stuart and now a perfect little girl . Mitch let this soak in . he do have a good life . mitch to I . they shoot the drink ... int . bathroom - the paxton tap - night Mitch be at the urinal . sway . sing to himself . he wash he hand at the sink . his phone ring . Mitch wipe he hand and answer it . mitch hello ? recorded voice ( 0.s. ) this be a collect call from a inmate at concord penitentiary . to accept this call press one . Mitch 's demeanor sober . he clearly know who it be . the door open . Mitch kill the call ... frank hey , baby daddy . you okay ? Frank approach the urinal ... mitch yeah . frank not go to hurl be you ? stu 's just get another round . mitch bring it . CUT to : ext . the paxton tap — night the street be quiet . a light rain fall . Mitch , Frank , Joe and Stuart stagger out of the bar laugh . Frank clap Mitch on the back . frank I hope you be not drive , counselor . mitch get the cab number right here . Mitch show he iphone . Frank hug he ... frank be well , man . give Rachel we best and let we know when we can come over . mitch will do . Stuart shake hand with Mitch and bump shoulder ... stuart see you at the office . Joe hug he ... joe congrat 's again , man . can not wait to meet she . Frank , Joe and Stuart walk away talk and laugh . stuart and do not think I have forget you owe I a snicker 's bar . Mitch dial a cab . then see a pair of guy admire he park escalade . one of the guy look in the window . 10 . mitch ( can not believe this guy ) what the -- ? Mitch look around . Frank , Stuart and Joe vanish around the corner . telephone voice ( 0.s. ) Harvard cab . Mitch kill the call and walk toward he escalade . fearless . you can take the kid out of dorchester , but you can not take dorchester out of the kid . mitch hey . he zap he key . the escalade 's light flash . mitch ( cont 'd ) I help you guy with something ? the guy see Mitch and walk away . Mitch stand firm by he car . key in one hand , phone in the other . what to do ? he see the guy hang at the street corner . wait . mitch ( cont 'd ) screw this . Mitch open the door and climb in . fire the engine . Thunder rumble in the night sky as he drive away ... int . mitch escalade ( moving ) - night rain fall on the windshield . Mitch tun on the wiper . he see a cop car sit at a intersection . Mitch drive past on a green light . do not look at they . he lift the center arm rest and pull out a tin of mint . pop a few in he mouth . glance in the mirror as the light change behind he and -- the cop car drive straight across the intersection and vanish from sight . Mitch breathes a sigh of relief . turn he attention back to the road and -- boom ! the escalade hit a young man ! CUT to : 11 . int / ext . mitch 's escalade - a series of shot Mitch stomp the brake . Young man be drag underneath . tire bite the wet road . horrendous thud as Young man tumble and brake beneath the undercarriage . the tire finally grip and -- the escalade stop . mitch no , no , no , no .... Mitch stab the seat - belt release and push open the door . Mitch stagger out into the rain and see the crumpled mess of a body lie fifteen foot behind the escalade . Mitch run to the Young man . ext . darby STREET - night Mitch skid to a stop . rain fall on the bloody body . leg twisted at a impossible angle . arm break . Young man blink up at Mitch in the rain . blood bubbling on he pale lip . oil and blood matting he red hair . we recognize he from the open park - cecil ackerman . mitch oh , Jesus . I be sorry . I be so sorry . Mitch take off he jacket and lay it over cecil 's coatless and _shoeless body ... mitch ( cont 'd ) do not move . I be go to call a ambulance . Mitch run back to the escalade ... int . mitch 's escalade - night Mitch grab he iphone and fire up the screen . he be meet by a_photo of Rachel and he baby . he stop . 12 . look back at cecil lie in the rain . at the picture on he phone . fuck . he see a payphone at the corner of the street . CUT to : ext . payphone - darby STREET -— night Mitch grab the handset , hand cover with a handkerchief . dial 911 . cover the mouthpiece with he other hand . operator' voice ( 0.s. ) 911 what 's you emergency ? mitch I need a ambulance . there 's be a accident . somebody be hit by a car . operator' voice ( 0.s. ) what 's the location ? mitch ( look around ) darby Street . South of 20th . operator' voice ( 0.s. ) what 's you name , sir ? mitch just hurry . he 's hurt real bad . Mitch slam down the phone . wipe the button . take a deep breath ... ext . darby STREET - night Mitch run back to cecil . mitch they be come . you just hang on , you hear I ? cecil ( mumble ) help ... I ... mitch help be on its way . you be go to be okay . 13 . Mitch hear a_ sharp , metallic SNAP from a side alley and stare into the darkness . be somebody there ? rain drum but nothing else move . finally , in the distance , Mitch hear the faint howl of a ambulance siren . mitch ( cont 'd ) you hear that ? they be come . I have to go now . Mitch grab he jacket , but cecil cling to it with he one good hand . cecil 's eye plead at he . he look terrify . mitch ( cont 'd ) I can not stay . Mitch unpick cecil 's finger from the now bloody jacket ... mitch ( cont 'd ) I have a family . I can not be involved . I be sorry . cecil please ... mitch I be sorry . Mitch pull he jacket free and business card fall out . Mitch quickly scrape they out of the blood and rain . cecil stare at he . mitch ( cont 'd ) you be go to be okay . Mitch turn away . run back to he escalade ... int . mitch 's escalade - night Mitch climb in and slam the door . put he hand on the shifter . a deep breath ... mitch I be so sorry . jam it into drive ... 14 . ext . STREET - night with a spin of tire , the escalade zoom forward and hang a hard right out of the street . all be quiet save for the distant siren and the fall of rain on the blacktop . the camera linger on cecil . helpless . precious blood mingling with the rain . fear in he eye ... int . mitch escalade ( moving ) - night streetlight whip hypnotic stripe across Mitch 's face . he see a ambulance zoom past . light flash blood red . Mitch start to gag . he pull to the side of the road . open the door . vomit . int . 24hr carwash - night huge soap -roller spread foam over the escalade . scrub it clean . Mitch watch from beyond a observation window . int . garage —- the brody house - night Mitch park the escalade next to Rachel 's prius and climb out . the automatic garage door close with a whir and a clunk . Mitch climb out , shove he coat into a garbage bag , kick off he shoe and throw they in , too . he then unbuckle he pants and remove he shirt . he look at the washer and dryer in the room . decide against it ... ext . patio —- the brody house - night Mitch carry the bag of clothes to the bbq and remove the lid . he empty the clothes into the grill and squirt fluid onto they . he strike a match . sling it onto the clothes . they ignite . he stand there watch the fabric burn . Light flicker on he face ... int . bathroom — the brody house - night Mitch shower . let the steaming , hot water wash he clean . int . bedroom —- the brody house - night Mitch , in boxer short and a cotton T-shirt , look at he sleep wife , hand hold the edge of the baby 's bassinet . the baby be cocoon in a white blanket . tiny . helpless . Mitch climb into bed beside Rachel . wrap a arm around she and kiss the back of she head . she moan but do not wake . Mitch just lie there ... CUT to : 15 . int . mitch '’s escalade ( moving ) - flashback Mitch hit cecil . boom ! int . bedroom - the brody house - morning Mitch wake with a start . warm , morning light filter through the window lace . Mitch rub he face . look at the time . its 7am . Rachel and the baby be go . Mitch climb from the bed ... int . baby room —- the brody house - morning Rachel look exhaust . she be pace back and forth with the baby on she shoulder . pat she back as the baby whimper fitfully . mitch hey . you okay ? Mitch kiss Rachel ... rachel she would have I up since four . mitch you want I to take she for a while ? rachel no , I need to change she . why do not you start the coffee . ext . the brody house - morning Mitch open the front door and pick up the newspaper . he glance around the quiet street . a neighbor wave ... int . kitchen —- the brody house — morning Mitch spoon coffee into the drip filter and zap on the television . flip between morning news show . rachel ( 0.s. ) Mitch . she startles he . Rachel walk in from the garage carry the baby and handful of clean diaper ... rachel ( cont 'd ) ( tired and irritate ) you want to tell I what happen last night ? 16 . mitch what -- ? rachel I be talk about the truck . Mitch 's breath stop . tries not to react ... rachel ( cont 'd ) you drive after promise you would catch a cab . Mitch breathes ... rachel ( cont 'd ) you get a DUI and you can kiss the da 's office goodbye . mitch you be right . I be sorry . rachel I be serious . you be a father now . you can not take chance . the baby rub she tiny face with a perfect little hand and let out a squeak ... rachel ( cont 'd ) see , ella agree with I . mitch ( move ) ella ? ( beat ; read she ) you be sure about that ? rachel yes . but do not change the subject . Mitch give she a hug . this mean a lot to he . kiss she . kiss ella ... mitch thank you . for everything . ( beat ) I do not know what I have do if I ever lose you guy . rachel why would you lose we ? the doorbell ring ... 17 . mitch that ’1ll be frau strudel . you should get back into bed . rachel her name be schultze . be nice . Rachel walk out and head back up the stair . Mitch look sad . feel like shit . take a deep breath and head to the front door ... int . garage — the brody house - morning the garage door rise with a clunk . Light spill slowly across the escalade and prius . Mitch stand there in a suit , carry a coffee and he briefcase . he look at the escalade . then climb into the prius . reverse out of the garage ... ext . federal build —- morning establish shot ... int . mitch 's office - district attorney 's office - morning Mitch google : '' Boston Hospitals '' . a extremely short list of name come up . he pick up he phone and dial ... female voice ( 0.s. ) mass General . mitch hi . I be with the da 's office and I be follow up on a hit and run that be bring in last night . female voice ( 0.s. ) just a second . last night , you say . Mitch tap he pen nervously ... female voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) there 's nothing in admission . mitch around midnight . caucasian male . mid-twenties . Red hair . Mitch 's secretary appear in the doorway . he raise a finger to she . she wait ... 18 . female voice ( 0.s. ) sorry . you know , you could try sinai - they sometimes get we spillover . mitch I will . thank you . Mitch hang up . look at Secretary ... secretary staff meeting start in five . mitch right . Mitch stand . gather he file ... mitch ( cont 'd ) could you do I a favor and call around the local hospital and clinic . I be try to track down a young man who be involved in a hit and run accident last night . secretary do you have a name ? mitch no . Mitch walk past she ... secretary what case be it connect to ? mitch just let I know if you find he . Secretary watch he walk toward the conference room . with mitch as he walk toward the conference room . he take a bottle of tylenol from he pocket . Stuart fall in beside he , drink coffee ... stuart how 's the head ? Mitch give he a '' not good '' look . stuart ( cont 'd ) man , I be so off tequila . 19 . Mitch stop at the water fountain . Stuart walk on . Mitch drink the water and swallow the tylenol . as he wipe he mouth he see -- a pair of uniform cop stand at reception . the receptionist point toward Mitch . the cop walk toward he . Mitch be rivete to the spot . the cop approach , in seem slow motion , remove they peak cap and -- Mitch turn away . walk into a Secretary carry a tray of coffee . behind Mitch , the cop be greet by a different a.d.a . they walk into he office ... int . bathroom —- district attorney' office — morning Mitch run water on a hand towel and dab at the coffee on he shirt and tie . take a long , deep , calming breath . int . district attorney' office — morning Mitch walk toward he office . glance at the cop talk to the a.d.a. in he office . nobody pay Mitch any attention . he really can breathe easy . before Mitch enter he own office , Secretary look up from she work ... secretary I call everywhere and none of they admit a hit and run last night . you want I to call outside the city ? mitch no . thanks . secretary oh , and somebody name doyle call . would not leave he last name . Mitch stop . the name mean something to he ... 20 . secretary ( cont ’d ) he say to tell you he 's '' out '' and want to see you . he leave a contact number . Mitch take the post - it from she . secretary ( cont ’d ) you want I to get he on the phone for you ? mitch no . I get it . Mitch go into he office . close the door . CUT to : ext . kerry 's cafe - day a overweight delivery driver get into he fed - ex truck and drive away . Mitch be sit in a window seat of Kerry 's Cafe . grease and caffeine be all they sell ... int . kerry 's cafe — day Mitch sip a coffee and look at doyle logan , 30 , cropped hair , tattoo poke above the collar of he sweater , sit opposite . doyle chomp on a bacon sandwich . moan with delight . doyle Bacon . I tell you , man , it 's the simple thing you miss . mitch so , how have you be ? doyle ( smile ; mouth full ) how have I be ? you mean apart from dating a guy call bubba for most of the last decade and have '' enter here '' tattooe on my ass -— cheek ? mitch what ? doyle I be kid , bro . I be good . never better . 21 . mitch be you clean ? doyle straight to the point . eight year . mitch listen ... doyle ( know what he 's go to say - - ) do not sweat it . I would not have come to see you ass either . Mitch breathes -- be let off the hook -- doyle ( cont 'd ) I get you card when da 's die , though . that be nice . mitch he be a good man . doyle he be a drunken ass . Mitch laugh and nod . doyle see Mitch 's wedding band ... doyle ( cont 'd ) you get hitched . mitch yeah . doyle any kid ? mitch one. ella . doyle after you mar '. mitch yeah . doyle how old ? 22 . mitch ( check he watch ) two day , seven hour and thirteen minute . doyle a newbie . congratulation , pop . you get a picture ? Mitch slide he iphone across to doyle . Rachel and ella be the screen-saver image . doyle ( cont 'd ) Nice . and the baby 's cute , too . Mitch take the phone back ... doyle ( cont 'd ) you have do real good for yourself , Mitch . I almost shit a brick when my parole officer say you work for the d.a . mitch it 's early day . doyle do not do that . you make something of yourself . be proud . doyle raise he coffee cup in toast and sip ... mitch where be you stay ? doyle why , you offer ? ( beat ; crack a smile ) they have get I crash in some halfway house . it 's part of my reintegration program . you know - help I back into society . he dig through he pocket . pull out a scrap of paper ... doyle ( cont 'd ) here it be . cardiff Street . I write it down for you . Mitch take the paper ... mitch how be it ? 23 . doyle four wall and a roof . anything 's better than pope Hill or the pen , you know what I be say ? doyle raise he cup and gesture for a refill . mitch how be you fix for money ? doyle they have set I up with a couple of interview . I do not call to hit you up or nothing . mitch that 's good because between student loan , mortgage payment and a new baby , I be not get shit . doyle maybe I could spot you some . I have get a little stashed away . the bit da 's leave I . you mar 's government bond . mitch she want you to have they . doyle Christ , it 's good to see you , Mitch . it really be . you look great . Mitch smile then see the face of cecil ackerman appear on the tv . he look fresh face and happy , but it 's definitely he . cecil 's photo be replace by a male reporter outside a Boston Police Station . mitch ( to waitress ) Excuse I . could you turn that up ? doyle look from the tv back to Mitch . doyle what be it ? what 's go on ? waitress turn the sound up . 24 . reporter what start out as a routine traffic stop last night turn into a gruesome murder investigation when Boston PD officer stop this white van ... we see a white van through the chain - link fence . reporter ( cont ’d ) ( uninterrupted ) ..- park here behind I in the police impound - for nothing more than a break tail light . camera come back to reporter ... reporter ( cont ’d ) when officer , climb from they vehicle , see blood drip from a rear door they demand that the driver open the van . it be then that they discover the body of cecil ackerman , a 24 year old parolee from somerville . Mitch watch -- breath hold -- reporter ( cont ’d ) early report be that the driver , who for now must remain nameless , claim he innocence . say that he find ackerman die in the road , the victim of a apparent hit and run , and be merely try to get he to a hospital . Mitch push up to he foot -- mitch I gotta go . reporter this be Jeff Franklin , report live , from back Bay . doyle do you know that guy ? Mitch dig out he wallet ... mitch it 's ... it 's a work thing . 25 . doyle hey , if you have gotta go , you have gotta go . Mitch hold out a twenty . doyle wave it off . doyle ( cont 'd ) you money 's no good here . mitch I 'il call you . Mitch walk away . doyle let 's arrange a time for I to come meet my new family . Mitch ? but Mitch just push out the street door . do not look back . waitress top up doyle 's coffee . Mitch 's departure stung doyle , but he cover it with a smile ... doyle ( cont 'd ) that be my brother . he 's a big shot d.a . he 's work a important case . waitress uh-huh . waitress walk on . doyle chomp on he bacon sandwich ... CUT to : ext . police station - back BAY — day as Mitch pull up to a meter in the prius , he see a pair of news van campe outside the station . Mitch climb out and walk toward the station door . look through the familiar chain - link fence into the impound yard and see the white van . int . police station —- back BAY —- day Mitch approach the desk sergeant . show he he id ... mitch detective kanon be expect I . int . detective kanon 's office - police station - day detective blake kanon , 48 , hair tie back , be type a report into she computer , glass perch on the tip of she nose , a hunt - and - peck two finger typer . 26 . her office be a mess of paperwork . shelves line with baseball trophy . a sign photo of kanon and micky mantel hang on the wall . she 's a woman in a man 's world . Mitch knock on the open door . mitch detective kanon ? kanon gesture for he to come in and sit . she type a last couple of word and then -- kanon how many tee in commit ? mitch two . kanon fix it , save , and take off she glass ... kanon paperwork . worst part of the job . do you touch type ? mitch I have a secretary . kanon pop a nicorette gum ... kanon Nice . ( offer he gum ; he decline - - ) so , you get here quick . you say on the phone you be interested in the ackerman murder . mitch that 's right . kanon da assign just you ? mitch this be a provisional enquiry . kanon walk with I . kanon pick up a stack of papers . they leave the office ... kanon ( cont 'd ) suspect 's name be Tobias levy . forty - nine year old . ( more ) 27 . kanon ( cont 'd ) car mechanic by trade . couple of assault charge , nothing he do time for . no relative . wife and daughter be both murder a few year back . mitch it say on the news that he find ackerman in the road . kanon we have have officer out there . no break car part , no blood that we can see ... mitch it be raining pretty hard last night . kanon true -- but with the dead kid 's blood and hair on he clothes -- not to mention the bloody tool and plastic sheet we find in the back of the van -- we have get enough to charge he . you guy need to decide if it 's enough to convict . Mitch look through a window and see -- tobias levy sit handcuff in a chair in the middle of a interview room . levy be a unassume man . Hair thin . his clothes take as evidence . he be wrap in a large blanket . hand stain with dry blood . mitch he look scared . kanon you think the guilty one do not ? this guy 's stare down twenty to life for this one alone . mitch what do you mean '' this one '' ? kanon I run some keyword through the database -- tool , torture , male victim . it flagge a string of unsolve homicide . we be pull the file now . 28 . mitch you think this guy 's a serial killer ? you do not even know he do this one . kanon listen kid , I just work the evidence . every detective here have a caseload this high -- and only 24 hour in the day to work ‘em -- so if it turn out this guy clear up five unsolved -- that 's a good day in my book . kanon start to walk away ... kanon ( cont 'd ) tell you boss he will get everything we have get when we get it , okay ? mitch what if he really be just a '' good samaritan '' ? do you consider that ? kanon just wave -- do not look back . there be a commotion down the hall . a priest be there argue with officer . priest then let I talk to somebody in charge . officer beckon to kanon who sigh and approach the Priest . Mitch -- alone now -- step closer to the window . look in on levy who just sit there . unmove . calm . priest ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) you must have make a mistake . Tobias would not hurt a fly . I be not leave until I see he . Mitch look down the hall at the Priest and kanon talk . priest ( cont 'd ) have not he be through enough ? Mitch look back at levy . we see Mitch 's reflection in the glass . they face line up over each other , like Mitch and levy be interchangeable ... CUT to : 29 . int . the paxton tap — afternoon the place be quiet . a few early drinker . Mitch be sit at the bar nursing a beer . bartender ( gio ) , 40 , friendly , slide he a shot of scotch . mitch what 's this ? bartender Hair of the dog . mitch I be not hungover . Mitch rub he hand through he hair . need to talk ... bartender so , why the face like a slap ass ? bartender pop the cap off a Bud lite and hand it toa customer . write on they tab ... mitch buddy of mine do something stupid and he do not know how to fix it . gio what be we talk - stupid stupid or illegal stupid ? mitch lose everything - career , wife , freedom - kinda stupid . bartender do anybody else know you friend do this thing ? mitch no . bartender then , shit man - whatever it be - tell he to say twelve hail mary and take it to the grave . mitch somebody else be be blame for what he do . bartender ouch . 30 . mitch he only have two choice , right ? fess up or let the guy take the rap . and either way he 's screw . Mitch downs the scotch . bartender personally - and I be a asshole - I would still choose the hail mary and throw in a prayer that he do not get a prosecutor like you . mitch what do you mean ? bartender this may come as a surprise to you , Mitch , but some prosecutor lose case from time to time . somebody further along the bar signal to bartender . he walk away ... bartender ( cont ’d ) yes , pal ? what can I do you for ? Mitch sit there . the wheel of he mind turn . he get up and throw a twenty on the bar . hurries out the door ... CUT to : int . jone 's office - district attorney 's office - evening d.a. jone be at he desk work . there be a knock at the door . he look up as Mitch enter ... jone Mitch . I think you have leave for the day . mitch I have a request , sir . jone oh ? int . district attorney' office - evening through the glass wall of Jones 's office we see Mitch make he case . eventually Jones nod . Mitch step out of the office and breathes . 31 . SOUND upcut - a harsh buzzer and -- CUT to : int . corridor - CITY jail - day a steel gate roll back and clang to a stop . Mitch and Stuart walk through pass guard . the gate be roll close again behind they and slam . Mitch flinch ... int . interview room —- CITY jail - day Mitch and Stuart walk in . levy be wear a badly fitting prison jumpsuit . wrist cuffed . sitting beside he at the table be a wet-behind - the- ear public defender - terry lundgren . lundgren stand to great they . they trade business card ... mitch Mitch brody , d.a. 's office . this be my associate Stuart kemp . lundgren Terry lundgren , Public defender office . Mitch look at lundgren 's card . a print name have be cross out and lundgren 's name write in by hand . he 's that new . lundgren ( cont 'd ) I have not get my own card yet . Mitch and Stuart take seat across the table . take file from they briefcase . levy just stare at Mitch . mitch mister levy , we be go to ask you a few question about the night of the 4th . if you could answer as clearly and accurately as possible . levy be you my prosecutor ? mitch yes . yes I be . levy I be innocent . levy hold 's Mitch 's look . 32 . mitch then you have get nothing to worry about . levy do I have you word on that , Mitch ? mitch absolutely . levy sit back ... stuart can you tell we where you be earlier that night , Mr. levy ? be you out drink ? levy I do not drink . I finish work , go to group , then I go for a drive . Mitch notice lundgren write that down . out of ink . mitch Group ? Mitch slide lundgren a pen . levy or try . his pen be I help out at support group and church meeting . mitch I see . and the drive ? levy just something I do . help I sleep . have not you ever take a drive at night , Mitch ? mitch that 's beside the point . I be not the one under arrest for murder . again Mitch feel levy hold he gaze . uncomfortable . levy right . it 's penetrate . CUT to : 33. int . jone 's office —- district attorney 's office -— day Mitch and Stuart be sit opposite Jones . jone what do we know about the victim ? mitch cecil ackerman . Mitch hand Jones a rap sheet with a photo of ackerman on . mitch ( cont 'd ) a register sex offender . two count of statutory rape . be out on parole for three month . jone so , a real loss to humanity . mitch so far , there 's no connection between he and levy . staurt other than levy 's hammer in the back of he head , you mean . jone tell I about the murder weapon . stuart weapon . plural . coroner could not be exact but the wound be consistent with the type of tool and machine part find in the back of levy 's van . mitch though they also find significant amount of motor oil and grit in the wound which corroborate he hit and run story . stuart true , but the vic 's DNA and blood be all over levy 's clothes -- inside he van ... mitch all of which be explainable by transference when he lift ackerman into he van . 34 . stuart or when he murder he . flashback bam ! Mitch 's escalade hit ackerman . back to scene stuart ( cont 'd ) levy have three count of aggravate assault . mitch at a time when he family have just be murder in a home invasion . he have not have so much as a parking ticket since . stuart that do not negate the fact that he take a tire - iron to three man and hospitalize they . jone what 's concern you , Mitch ? mitch I do not see motive . stuart ackerman be a pedophile . mitch levy 's daughter be murder , not rape . it do not fit . Secretary knock and enter . secretary Terry lundgren just call . there be a 911 call . tape 's on its way . Mitch look worried ... int . conference room - district attorney 's office - day Secretary slot the cassette into the machine . Mitch and Stuart sit opposite jones. 35 . secretary somebody call in a accident twenty minute before levy be pick up . when the ambulance get there ... there be no body . jone let 's hear it . Secretary press play . static fill the room . we can feel Mitch stop breathe as -- male voice ( 0.s. ) 911 what 's you emergency ? mitch '’s voice ( 0.s. ) there 's be a accident . Mitch watch the room for any hint of recognition ... male voice ( 0.s. ) what 's the location ? mitch 's voice ( 0.s. ) it 's darby Street . just south of 20th . hurry . male voice ( 0.s. ) what 's you name , sir ? mitch 's voice ( 0.s. ) please hurry . he 's hurt real bad . there be a click and the call end . Secretary press stop . jone that 's it ? secretary you want I to play it again ? mitch no. jone the location match levy 's story but we can not rule out the possibility that he make the call himself . stuart be there any way we can find the caller ? 36 . mitch he use a payphone . Stuart look up from document that come with the tape . stuart how do you know that ? jone because we would have the man 's name if it be not . Mitch breathes ... jone ( cont 'd ) okay , the tape 's potentially damaging but not conclusive . maybe it be a crank , maybe not , but if we can not find the caller then defense can not . Hell , it could be anyone in Boston . it sound like Mitch . where be you that night ? Stuart and Secretary laugh . Mitch smile . jone ( cont 'd ) bottom line . do we have enough for a conviction ? mitch without motive ? I say no . jone Stuart ? stuart levy be catch - pardon the pun - red-hand . we have physical evidence , a document history of violence , no alibi , and he public defender be the kind of guy Mitch eat for breakfast . Jones weigh a decision . to prosecute or not to prosecute . Mitch say a silent prayer and -- jone charge he . murder one . Mitch 's shoulder sink . Jones get up and leave . Stuart and Secretary gather papers and the tape . Stuart pat he shoulder ... 37 . stuart you have get to have more faith in yourself , buddy . Mitch be leave alone . he just sit there ... dissolve to : ext . aerial shot - boston municipal courthouse - day establish . a crisp day . int . courtroom - courthouse - day Mitch and Stuart take they seat . Mitch look at lundgren and levy at the next table . the jury be already seat . Mitch flexe he hand . tense . a door open and judge mckenna walk in and go to she seat . court bailiff all rise . Mitch and the rest of the room stand . judge mckenna sit and straighten she papers . court bailiff ( cont ’d ) Court be now in session . the honorable judge mckenna preside . judge mckenna be seat . be counsel for the prosecution and defense both present ? mitch we be you honor . judge make a note ... judge mckenna in the case of the people versus Tobias levy , you client enter a plea of not guilty . do he wish to change that plea here today ? lundgren he do not , you honor . judge mckenna very well . Defense may go ahead with its open statement . 38 . lundgren thank you , you honor . this case be nothing more than a huge misinterpretation of the fact ... judge mckenna not to I , Mr. lundgren . to they . judge mckenna indicate the jury . lundgren turn to they . Stuart smile . Mitch exhales ... throw this case be go to be harder than he think . CUT to : int . courtroom — courthouse - afternoon the sun be low outside the window . the coroner be on the stand . there be blow - up photo of tool from the back of levy 's van on display ... mitch you examine the body , Doctor . in you professional opinion what be the cause of death ? coroner blunt force trauma to the skull . mitch do you know what cause that trauma ? coroner the back of the skull be badly crush so its hard to narrow it down to any one item but some of the mark seem consistent with a hammer find in the suspect 's van . mitch you say '' seem '' consistent . coroner that 's correct . mitch you report talk of abrasion and impact wound with motor oil and grease in they . the defence , I be sure , be go to argue that that wound indicate a car run cecil ackerman over and that the rest be a misinterpretation of the evidence . 39 . coroner the accuse be a mechanic who use he van to transport old part to and from the wrecker 's yard . if I remember correctly there be a axle , leaf spring , suspension arm inside ... and the interior be cover in grease and motor oil . so any type of violent struggle in that environment could have cause that wound and leave that trace evidence . mitch I see . and do you identify any of that part as thing he use ? coroner there be blood on a lot of thing - - it might be easier to say which one 's he do not use . this get a reaction from the jury . they look at levy. disgust . like he 's a monster . Mitch breathes . he 's not sway the jury one inch ... mitch no further question , you honor . CUT to : int . dine room —- mitch 's home — night Mitch have the entire case spread over the table in front of he . he sip a coffee and rub he eye . Rachel walk in carry ella . rachel bit late for coffee , be not it ? she look over he shoulder . see a photo of Tobias levy - year young than the man we know - happier ... rachel ( cont 'd ) be that he ? mitch four year ago . this be before he family be murder in a home invasion . he be force to watch and then leave for dead . Mitch pull out a picture of levy with he wife and daughter . 40 . rachel that 's horrible . do they catch the killer ? mitch he be gun down in another home invasion the next night . rachel be that what make he snap ? mitch that 's the general consensus . Mitch sip he coffee ... rachel here , I know you be work , but can you take ella for a bit ? I need to take a shower before bed . I smell like milk and my hair feel like straw . Rachel hand he ella . he cradle she in he arm . mitch do mommy smell like milk because of you ? do she ? ella 's eye sparkle as she look up at he . she grip he finger with she tiny hand . Mitch take a big sigh . this little life be why he 's do everything he 's do ... mitch 's voice ( 0.s. ) it 's darby Street , just south of 20th . hurry . CUT to : int . courtroom - courthouse - day Mitch be listen as the tape be play over speaker for the jury ... male voice ( 0.s. ) what 's you name , Sir ? mitch 's voice ( 0.s. ) please hurry . he 's hurt real bad . the call end . everyone look to -- dr . evelyn brown , 5as , professional , blind since birth , who be sit , calmly on the stand . 41 . judge mckenna you witness , Mr. brody . Stuart lean in to Mitch ... stuart piece of cake . the jury have no idea what she 's be talk about . Mitch take that onboard and -- mitch I be not very familiar with you field , Dr. Brown and I be sure neither be the jury . Brown look toward Mitch . even behind she black glass we sense she stare at he with some sense of recognition ... it give Mitch pause . he cough ... mitch ( cont 'd ) just how accurate be forensic linguistics ? dr . brown extremely . Mitch stand . begins to pace . mitch but not perfect . dr . brown perfection do not happen in science . her head follow he as he move . listen ... mitch on a slide scale of one to ten then ? judge mckenna ( to lundgren ) you might want to object , counselor . the witness 's field be not on trial here . before lundgren can respond ... mitch I will withdraw the question , you honor . ( more ) 42 . mitch ( cont 'd ) you state earlier that the caller be genuine - and by that I assume you mean he be report a real accident . dr . brown correct . mitch and you can tell this just by listen to he voice . dr . brown it 's more complicated than that , but - yes . mitch can you tell we anything else about the caller ? dr . brown probably white . medium build . he 's from the south of Boston , but he 's try hard to soften the accent - again , not unlike yourself counselor . you be from where - dorchester ? mitch that 's right . dr . brown the caller have a strict Roman Catholic upbringing - so there 's probably irish in there - which we can tell by a almost inaudible prayer he mumble while the operator be talk . I be sure he do not even know he do it himself . and he 's cool under pressure which we know from the way he give no personal detail and have the forethought to use a payphone even in he heighten emotional state . all of which tell I he have either a legal or criminal background . none of which match Tobias levy . mitch legal or criminal . that 's quite a spread . dr . brown actually , the psychological trait for both profession be surprisingly similar . mitch so , in you professional opinion be it even in the realm of possibility that Tobias levy make this 911 call himself - to establish a alibi ? dr . brown no . it be not . 43 . the jury trade nod of understanding . Stuart drop he pen on the desk . no idea what 's go on . judge mckenna just stare at Mitch . int . mckenna 's chamber - courthouse —- afternoon CUT to : judge mckenna hang she gown and go to sit behind she desk as Mitch and lundgren enter . judge mckenna shut the door . lundgren close it . judge mckenna ( cont ’d ) okay , what the hell be go on out there ? lundgren you honor , I ... judge mckenna I be not talk to you , Mr. lundgren . the way you be go , you client will be lucky if he be not put away for life . but I guess you be sick they day devry teach cross examination . lundgren shut up . judge mckenna ( cont ’d ) I be wait . mitch I be just try to get to the truth , you honor . 44 , judge mckenna do not bullshit a bullshitter , Mr. brody . you practically make the defense 's case for they with that last witness . mitch that be not my intention . judge mckenna what be ? mitch I think I could shake she credibility . mckenna stare at he . a beat ... judge mckenna I be go to say this once , and once only . if I sense anybody be not play straight on this I will call for a mistrial and start the whole thing over . do you hear I ? lundgren yes , you honor . but judge mckenna be still look at Mitch ... mitch of course . judge mckenna get out of my sight . int . hallway — courthouse - evening Mitch and lundgren part way . Mitch stride along the hallway . glance at -- Dr. Brown talk to det. kanon . kanon watch Mitch . Mitch feel under the microscope ... ext . parking lot —- courthouse - evening Mitch put the key in the prius door and a hand spin he around . Mitch throw he hand up . it 's doyle . mitch what be you do ? you scared the crap out of I . 45 . doyle you should be scared . ( beat ) I be in there . I hear the tape . CUT to : int . bar - night Mitch be sit in a booth with doyle . both have beer ... mitch I do not know what else to do . I would be drink . I panicked . doyle you have get a lot to lose . mitch that 's no excuse . I should have stay . doyle but you do not . and I do not blame you . but what the ef’ be you think take the case ? mitch I could not let somebody else prosecute . there be adas in my office who be ready to crucify he . the evidence be so ambiguous you can paint any story you want onto it -- he have be railroad . doyle he would with this public defender . mitch I think I could just ease back and let the guy win but this idiot could not try he way out of a paper bag . doyle so , let he go down . you do not owe this schmuck anything . mitch he 's innocent . doyle Pen 's full of innocent man . he 'il fit right in . 46 . mitch I be not joke , doyle . a man 's life be at stake here . doyle so , throw the case . mitch I have be try . now the judge be watch I like a hawk . I be screw . ( a long beat ) I think I be go to have to confess . doyle that 's just stupid . mitch I be out of option . CUT to : int . the brody house - night Mitch walk in from the garage . his iphone ring . he put down he briefcase and answer it ... mitch hello . kanon 's voice ( 0.s. ) hey , brody , it 's kanon . mitch ( rub he eye ) detective kanon . what can I do for you ? kanon 's voice ( 0.s. ) just check in . we lose a point or two on that forensic linguist . mitch she give compelling testimony . kanon 's voice ( 0.s. ) right . Mitch get a knot in he stomach ... mitch it 's late , detective . be there something you need ? 47 . kanon 's voice ( 0.s. ) no. just want to know that you be ready for tomorrow . Mitch hear a beep on the line ... mitch what be that ? kanon 's voice ( 0.s. ) what ? mitch be you recording I ? kanon 's voice ( 0.s. ) why would I be recording you ? ( beat ) lawyer . and they say cop be paranoid . see you in court . click . the line go dead . Mitch feel very uneasy . he hang up . look up the stair ... int . bedroom —- the brody house - night Mitch look down on ella . so tiny ... so vulnerable . she whimper in she sleep . Mitch pick she up . see Rachel , in the bed , open she eye and start to rise . on exhaust auto - pilot ... mitch go back to sleep , babe . I have get she . Rachel flop back down . take a big tired sigh . Mitch cross to the window and look out at the neighborhood . at the star in the sky . the stillness of it all . think ... dissolve to : ext . boston skyline - dawn the sun be rise . int . kitchen — mitch 's house - morning that same house - rattling clunk from the garage door . through the window we see Mitch reversing out . he pause in the driveway . a sad look on he face . then drive away . the camera move away from the window to the coffee pot where -- a note sit with two word write on it : '' I be sorry . '' 48 . ext . boston municipal courthouse - morning Mitch walk toward main door like a man walk to the gallow . he glance at a car park by the curb . see dr . brown be help out of the passenger side . Mitch pass kanon stand by the door , draw on a cigarette . Mitch nod to she . enter the building ... int . men' bathroom — courthouse - morning Mitch scoops a handful of water from the faucet . drink it . fix he tie . he can do this . int . courtroom — courthouse - morning Mitch take he seat beside Stuart . stuart hey , champ . you look like you do not sleep a wink . mitch I have get a lot on my mind . Mitch look across at levy . alone . lundgren be not here yet . levy look back . Mitch turn away . court bailiff all rise . judge mckenna enter and take she seat . the rest of the court retake they seat . Mitch remain stand ... mitch you honor , before session begin , I would like to approach the bench . suddenly the door open and lundgren hurry in clutching a pile of file and papers . mckenna I will not tolerate tardiness , Mr. lundgren . lundgren I be sorry , you honor , but there 's be a important development . Defense would like to call a new witness . stuart objection , you honor . prosecution be not inform of this . 49 . lundgren Defense be not aware of they identity until late last night . judge mckenna what 's the relevance of this witness , Mr. lundgren ? lundgren he 's the man who make the 911 call , you honor . Mitch 's world crush in ... stuart again , you honor , we object . without a opportunity to validate the claim of -- judge mckenna I understand the objection . lundgren Dr. Brown 's lab run voice analysis overnight and we get a 96 % match . Mitch can barely breathe . his window to confess be close fast ... judge mckenna how soon can defense present this witness ? lundgren right now , you honor . he 's be in this courtroom the entire trial . there be a scraping of chair and people look around the room . voice mumble and chatter at once . mckenna bang she gavel ... judge mckenna order . mitch you honor ... judge mckenna I be inclined to allow it , Mr. brody . mitch I understand but , if I could just say something ... 50 . judge mckenna my mind be make up ! mitch please , I just -- judge mckenna bang she gavel hard . cut he off . judge mckenna enough ! ( to lundgren ) call you witness . lundgren the defense call -- Mitch close he eye , hold he breath and -- lundgren ( cont 'd ) -- doyle Logan to the stand . Mitch open he eye and look around . doyle rise from a seat at the back of the court and walk forward . Mitch stare at he . doyle refuse to make eye contact ... doyle climb up to the witness stand . court bailiff hold a bible out before he ... court bailiff do you swear to tell the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth , so help you God ? doyle ( hand on the Bible ) I do . doyle take he seat . Mitch sit . lundgren walk forward . lundgren Mr. Logan ... doyle lean into the mic and soften he Boston accent a little - like Mitch ... doyle call I doyle . reporter ( 0.s. ) in a surprise twist of event , a witness come forward today and end the prosecution 's case against Tobias levy . a camera image of a reporter stand outside the courthouse . reporter the witness see the victim cecil ackerman mow down in the rain by a hit and run driver , in a red Ford explorer , and leave in the road to die . ext . boston municipal courthouse - day the courthouse be empty . the trial over . 51 . CUT to : the PRESS be gather before lundgren on the step . from the way he hold himself you have think he win the case on he legal skill ... lundgren ( to the reporter ) it seem that Tobias levy be not the only good samaritan in this trial . despite Mr. Logan 's initial reluctance to get involved , due to be out on parole , he finally put he own comfort aside and do the right thing . reporter # 1 what about the wound on the body ? lundgren the prosecution 's case be found entirely on a gross misinterpretation of the forensic evidence . Mitch see levy stand to one side . away from the limelight . Mitch approach he . mitch Mr. levy . I just want to congratulate you and wish you all the best . they shake hand ... 52 . levy you tell I if I be innocent I have have nothing to worry about . mitch yes , I do . levy pinch the filter off a cigarette and drop it onto the step . he light the rest of it with he Zippo . levy what happen now ? mitch you go back to you life . levy snap the Zippo close again . something about the lighter draw Mitch 's attention ... levy I mean the hit and run driver . the one the witness see . levy pocket the Zippo . mitch who know . maybe he ’1ll come forward . levy would you ? levy smile . it be a joke . Mitch walk away . kanon be watch the whole interaction . CUT to : ext . boston harbor —- morning the provincetown ii passenger ferry cut a steady path across the bay . the Boston downtown skyline in the background ... ext . deck - provincetownn ii ( moving ) - morning doyle stand at the rail with a coffee , look out at the city . Mitch approach and stand beside he . doyle you smell that ? that 's the smell of freedom . 53 . mitch you take a huge risk take that test for I . doyle we grow up in the same house . go to the same school . same friend . same church . how hard could it be ? a long beat . mitch you do not have to do it . doyle be it really that hard for you to say thank you ? mitch I be not use to rely on anyone else to get I out of a jam . doyle well , you be welcome . a beat . there 's a question building inside Mitch . he have to ask ... mitch why do you do it ? doyle you be my brother . mitch I mean , ten year ago . why do you do that to I ? doyle I be stupid . I have have a lot of time to think about my life and who I be , and I let you down . ( sincere ) I will not let you down again . mitch I will not let you . doyle I be do a lot of drug back then . I be not think of anyone but myself . 54 . mitch I have only work at that warehouse two month . I begge you not to hit that payroll . I could have be do as a accessory . doyle but you be not . I make sure of that . I keep you name out of it . mitch my name should not have be in it in the first place ! ( beat ) you know that night guard never walk again ? doyle it get out of hand . mitch it always do with you . a long beat . mitch ( cont 'd ) you know , what you do today mean we can not have contact for a while . doyle like that matter to you . mitch I have get to go . doyle I call you house the other day , you know , look for you . Mitch stop . look at he . doyle ( cont 'd ) you wife - she do not know who I be , do she ? mitch you have be go a long time . doyle how could you not tell she about you own brother --? 55 . mitch ( cut he off - -) stepbrother . ( doyle look at he ) and let 's face it , legally not even that . doyle oh , you to play it like that . doyle look away . it be the worst thing Mitch could say to he . doyle try to tough it out ... mitch I meet she when I be graduate . she process my application form to the d.a. 's office . and see as my mar 's never officially marry you da 's -- doyle you figure why mention we . mitch it be better for I not to have tie to a criminal past -- and once I would lie on the form , I could not very well tell she something different ... doyle I understand . doyle push away from the rail . mitch I be not that kid anymore , doyle . dorchester be another life . doyle you be lucky . I only get the one . doyle disappear inside the cabin . Mitch look out at the city . alone . curse under he breath ... CUT to : int . kitchen —- the brody house - evening Mitch pour himself a scotch . drink it . take a big sigh of relief . pour another . Rachel walk in pull a small towel from she shoulder . she put a baby - monitor on the counter . 56 . rachel hey . she wrap she tired arm around he . bury she head into he shoulder . mitch hey . how 's ella ? rachel demand . she only stop cry ten minute ago . mitch you smell like milk . rachel ella be sick on I . mitch Nice . rachel this be my third shirt today . how do people do it ? mitch it will get easier . she kiss he . rachel I be sorry about the trial . mitch it 's fine . it 's - good - actually . rachel yeah ? mitch the guy do not do it . so , this be a good day for justice . rachel do Jones see it that way ? mitch ( laugh ) of course not . I lose the case . rachel talk of sorry . JI find you note . 57 . Mitch look at she . what be she -- ? oh , shit . mitch right . the note . rachel what be that about ? mitch I have just be ... tense ... and have not help around here as much as I should and ... I be sorry . Mitch kiss she . rachel ( suggestive ) oh ? he kiss she again . mitch I be really sorry . he kiss she deeper . mitch ( cont 'd ) really , really ... ella start to cry . Rachel moan . tire . pull away . rachel I will take a raincheck on that apology . Rachel head back out of the kitchen . Mitch downs he scotch . int . garage -— night Mitch put another few piece of the crib together . he rub sand paper over a joint . feel it with he finger . CUT to : ext . shopping mall — day establish . thousands of car line the parking lot . the mall offer everything from macy 's to ice-skate . 58 . int . baby section - macy 's - day Rachel and Mitch be shopping for baby clothes . Rachel talk with a sale assistant about size etc . Mitch see other bored dad . trade sympathetic nod with one . mitch hey , rach 's , I be go to get a soda . you want anything ? rachel diet Coke . Mitch walk away . int . food court - second floor - shopping mall —- day Mitch pay for two soda . as he collect straw he look around the sea of hungry shopper hunch over burger , pizza slice and msg lace cuisine and see -- tobias levy sit at a table near the railing . look down on the central courtyard below . Mitch duck behind a pillar . do not want to talk to he . Mitch look out . levy , face partially obscure by a baseball cap , be intensely focus on something below . Mitch follow he glare down to -- a hispanic couple who be argue . the man , victor gonzale , 35 , slap he wife across the face . other shopper react . a pair of security guard walk over and Victor swell he chest . we see the tattoo on he arm and neck . he challenge they in Spanish . then spit and walk away ... Mitch look back at levy , but he seat be empty . Mitch step out and scan the area . finally he see levy riding the escalator down a level . CUT to : ext . park -— morning Mitch jog . run by the lake . push himself . CUT to : 59 . ext . patio - the brody house - evening rachel 's whole family be sit at a long table eat food and talk . mom , dad , sister , husband . wine and soda be flow . Mom coo over ella while Rachel get to eat uninterrupted for once . Mitch watch they all . a little sad ... int . home office —- the brody house - evening the sound of Rachel 's family laugh in another room . sound like charade . Mitch pick a photo frame off he desk . Inside be a picture of himself as a small boy , stand with he mom . he open the back of the frame and take out the photo . we see it be fold in half . in the other half be a man hold another boy . he 's Mitch 's age . it 's doyle ... CUT to : int . mitch 's office - district attorney' office - day Mitch be at he desk . a pile of file and paperwork wait to be get to . Mitch write note . int . kitchen —- district attorney' office - day Mitch walk in with he cup . a couple of secretary be take a break . Mitch glance at the newspaper one be read . stop in he track . he tilt he head to get a better look at the photo of -- Victor Gonzales , the Hispanic man from the mall ... CUT to : a internet news broadcast a body be be lift from the river . Police boat . cop on the shore . news broadcaster the body of Victor Gonzales be find early this morning ... int . mitch 's office - district attorney' office - day Mitch watch on he computer . 60 . news broadcaster ..- float just off shore . his family say the last time anyone see he alive be at the North mall on Saturday . Mitch sit there a beat . stun . then stand and grab he jacket . Secretary walk in with message ... mitch not now . if Jones ask for I , I be not feel well . and Mitch be go . CUT to : int . corridor - boston CITY morgue - day Mitch stride along the corridor . hanging a '' visitor pass '' around he neck . int . file room - day Mitch be sit at a desk under harsh fluorescent lighting . he open the file . spread out photo of the Victor gonzalez 's break body . flip through page of note . we see word : '' hammer '' ... '' rage '' ... '' tool '' ... '' torture '' Mitch sit back . shit . CUT to : ext . darby STREET - day Mitch 's escalade pull into the familiar street and stop . Mitch get out and walk back to the exact spot of the hit and run . look down at the empty tarmac and see -- flashback ackerman in the rain look up at he ... back to scene Mitch kneel down and look around . 61 . flashback a metallic SNAP in the darkness . Mitch look through the rain toward a dark alley . back to scene Mitch look into the same alley , now light by daylight , behind a old warehouse . ext . alley - day Mitch walk slowly past dumpster ... pile of trash . he look back at the street . it afford the perfect view of the accident site . Mitch turn he attention to the alley floor . kick aside trash and papers . be about to give up when he notice -- a cigarette filter lie on the ground . Mitch bend and pick it up . look at it . it 's be tear off . flashback levy tear the filter off a cigarette outside court . back to scene as Mitch look around with renew energy . on the brick wall , shelter by a fire -escape , he see a bloody smear . Mitch approach and place he hand over it . it 's a hand - print . Mitch see another blood smear on the corner of a dumpster . the wheel of Mitch 's mind turn and -- CUT to : ext . alley - flashback - night boom ! the rear door of tobias levy's white van burst open and ackerman burst out through hang , plastic sheet into the rain -- at first he look almost fine - but then as he pass we we see the back of he head be smashed -- blood soaking the back of he clothes -- ackerman run -- barefoot -- slap a hand against the brick wall . dizzy from blood -loss . he clip the dumpster . run on . eye blind with blood . running toward the light ... 62 . int . levy 's van — flashback -— continuous levy get behind the wheel of the van and be about to fire the engine when he see -- ackerman run out into the street and -- bam ! Mitch 's black escalade hit he . levy stop . watch Mitch run back into view and drop down beside the body of ackerman . levy calmly take out a packet of cigarettes and pinch off the filter . drop it out the window . he light the cigarette with he Zippo and then snap it shut . Mitch look toward the sound . levy , safely swathed in darkness , smoke he cigarette . casual . unhurry . enjoy the show . ext . alley / darby STREET - day Mitch walk back to where the alley meet the road -- and look at where ackerman be lie that night and -- ext . darby STREET - flashback ackerman be lie in the rain . Mitch 's escalade zoom away . suddenly a shadow fall over ackerman and we see levy - - look down on he -- smoking casually . levy grab ackerman by the collar and drag he -- whimper and plead -- back into the darkness of the alley ... int . police station —- back BAY —- day phone ring . the station bustles . kanon be talk to another officer . mitch ( 0.s. ) detective kanon . kanon see Mitch stride down the corridor ... kanon not now , brody , I have get a lot on my plate . mitch I need two minute . 63 . kanon whatever case you be sniff after this time , you can not have . mitch it 's about Victor Gonzales . kanon look at he ... int . kanon 's office - day kanon dump a stack of file on she desk and pop another nicorette . kanon two minute . mitch I think it be levy . kanon Times up . mitch I be serious . I see he at the mall the same day as Gonzales . kanon you see Gonzales at the mall ? mitch we be buy baby clothes . that 's not important . levy be watch Gonzales slap he wife around . kanon so be you , it seem . mitch the point be , I look at the autopsy result and the wound be similar to that find on cecil ackerman . kanon ackerman be a hit and run . a cop in the corridor beckon kanon . she gather more papers and prepare to leave . 64 . mitch what if it be both ? what if ackerman run into the path of a car because he be try to get away from levy ? it explain why the forensics be so confusing . kanon I appreciate you enthusiasm , counselor , but I have to go ... and kanon be head for the door -- mitch wait . you be not listen to I -- Mitch grab kanon 's arm and -- kanon hey ! mitch sorry , I -- kanon ( now she 's piss - - ) now I be guess this be pretty hard on you , what with you impeccable track record and all , but a word of advice -- move on . sometimes people lose case ! -- and kanon leave . CUT to : ext . fuller' auto repair shop - evening pickup truck pull in and out of the yard . Cars of all shape and size be in the bay be repair . levy 's white van be park in the parking lot . levy carry a prime mustang fender into one of the bay . Mitch 's escalade be park across the street beyond the chain - link fence . int . mitch '’s escalade — night Mitch watch the car mechanic clock off for the night . he see levy walk to he white van . the van pull out of the parking lot . Mitch duck low in he seat as it pass , then sit up and fire the engine . 65 . ext . STREET - night levy 's white van drive through town . a couple of car behind , Mitch 's escalade follow . int . mitch escalade ( moving ) - night Mitch keep he eye on the back of the white van . ext . levy's house - night levy 's van pull up to the curb before a run-down two story house . the small garden overgrown . levy walk up the step and into the house as -- Mitch 's escalade stop opposite . int . mitch 's escalade - night Mitch loosen he tie and watch levy 's house . a light go on in the live room . levy sit with a microwave meal in front of the tv . the clock on Mitch 's dash read : 6:04 pm . int . mitch 's escalade ( moving ) - a series of shot Mitch 's follow levy 's white van . the clock now read 7:55 pm . they wind through the city street . ext . church - night levy 's van pull into the parking lot where other car be arrive . Mitch pull up across the street . int . mitch 's escalade - night Mitch watch levy shake the hand of men smoking outside . Mitch watch as levy pinch the filter off a cigarette and light it . Mitch watch levy go inside with the other man . int . church —- night Mitch walk inside and look around . the main chapel be empty . he hear voice . follow a short corridor to a church hall and -- through a sliver of wire -glass in the door 66 . -- see a man 's group of some kind . everyone sit ina circle . share . no sign of levy . where be he ? then Mitch see he make coffee and lay out donut on a table at the back of the room . Mitch pick up a flyer off the desk beside the door . look at the word : '' narcotics anonymous '' . Mitch look back through the glass and see levy stare at he . Mitch duck aside . mitch fuck . CUT to : int . bathroom — the brody house - night Mitch stand under the hot water . steam billow around he . do not know what the hell to do . CUT to : ext . the brody house - night establish . nothing move . int . kitchen — the brody house - night empty chinese take - away carton line the counter top . dish be pile in the sink . a digital clock glow on the microwave . change from 03:06 to 03:07 ... int . bedroom —- the brody house - night Mitch be asleep in bed with Rachel . ella be bundle safely in she bassinet . a ominous shadow fall over Mitch and we reveal -- tobias levy -- stand over he . he have a hammer clutch in he glove hand . he stare down at Mitch and -- ella whimper ... softly . it draw levy 's attention . he cross to the bassinet and look down at the soft , fragile life it contain . he stroke ella 's face with he glove finger . his eye and intent unreadable ... angle on - mitch as ella whimper uncomfortably 0.s. and then ... silence . dread build and -- 67 . mitch wake -- gasp from a bad dream . he throw back the cover and get out of bed . cross to the bassinet . ella be fine . Mitch breathes . it be just a dream ... ext . the brody house - morning the paperboy cycle past . sling the newspaper up the path . int . garage — the brody house - morning Mitch open the door and walk in ready for work . he 's carry a travel mug of coffee and he briefcase . he pop the lock on the escalade and then notice -- the garden door stand open . Mitch cross to it and look out into the garden . there 's nobody there . he lock the door , then turn and see -- his organize wall of tool now have many hole . pale silhouettes show what should be hang there . Mitch then notice a small note pin to the crib he be make . he walk closer and see it 's not a note -- it 's a photo of -- Mitch 's business card -- cover in dry blood . flashback Mitch pull he jacket from cecil ackerman 's finger and he business card spill out . as Mitch quickly gather they we reveal one under ackerman 's arm ... back to scene Mitch stare at the photo . slip it in he pocket . look at the wall of tool . at the space where a hammer use to hang . that be no dream last night . levy be in he house . CUT to : int . mitch 's office - district attorney' office - day Mitch be at he desk work . the phone ring . mitch hello . levy's voice ( 0.s. ) do you get my photo ? Mitch tense . close he office door . mitch what do you want ? int . fuller' auto repair shop - day Cars be jack up on hydraulic lift . wheel be off . 68 . brake replace . a new v8 engine be be winched into the engine bay of a ' 69 mustang . levy be on a payphone in the breakroom . levy to talk . intercut - mitch and levy mitch you want to talk ? i’1l talk . you ever come near my house or my family again , I will kill you . you hear I ? levy I hear you . do you hear I ? stop follow I . mitch I be at the mall . I know what you do . levy and yet the police have not come knock . why be that , do you suppose ? Mitch look at the photo of the bloody business card . mitch if you know I be the driver , why do not you just turn I in ? levy believe I , I be go to , but there be no point play my ace at the station -- no -- they could have still come back to I -- even now -- I need it to go to court -- I need a jury of my peer to see you card and find I innocent . 69 . mitch you want double jeopardy . levy exactly . a free pass . mitch but you do not expose I . levy there be no need . you be show such a conscience . and from the moment you question that first expert I know what you be plan . it be impressive , Mitch . it take ball . mitch be this a fuck game to you ? levy Far from it . mitch I will not let you get away with this . levy you will -- or I 'il ruin you -- and after you be lock up for a hit and run -- who will look after Rachel and ella ? mitch what do you say ? levy family be a precious thing , Mitch . it 's we job as man to protect it . and levy hang up -- mitch what do that mean ? levy ? Mitch sit there listen to dead air . gripping the phone with white knuckle . he slam it down . a look of grim determination on he face . CUT to : ext . police station - back BAY — day a cruiser pull out of the lot on patrol and pass -- 70 . int . mitch 's escalade - day Mitch turn he face away until the cruiser have pass , then look back at the station . he see kanon walk out and head into the parking lot . Mitch climb out and stride toward the station entrance ... int . police station —- back BAY —- day Mitch walk in . see the desk sergeant at he post . he sit beside a couple of drunk thug who be handcuff and wait . mitch how long have you guy be wait ? drunk 1 two hour . mitch do they offer you a soda ? if they do not they can not charge you , you know . drunk 2 bullshit . mitch no shit , man . I work for the da . Mitch flash he id . drunk get up ... drunk 1 hey , where 's my motherfuck , soda ? desk sergant sit down . drunk 1 I know my rights , man . give I my soda or cut I the fuck loose . Mitch slip away down the corridor unnotice . int . kanon 's office - day Mitch close the door and hurry to kanon 's filing cabinet . its lock . he cross to she desk and sit . begins search through drawer and paperwork as -- 71 . ext . police station - back BAY — day kanon 's car pull out of the parking lot . then stop . she check she bag . she 's forget she phone -- which we 'il know as we CUT to -- int . kanon 's office - day kanon 's cell phone lie on she desk -- as Mitch look through papers . sit back . he 's get nothing . he switch on she computer -- ext . police station - day kanon climb from she car and walk toward the station entrance . int . kanon 's office - day Mitch do a search for '' tobias levy '' document and a string of stuff come up . Mitch search down the list and find a Word document title -- '' possible connected case ? '' -- and open it . see a short list of unsolved murder and case number . Mitch hit print . but the machine just flash -- out of paper . shit . Mitch dig keys out of he pocket -- the fob be a usb thumb - drive -- and slot it into the computer as -- int . police station — day kanon walk into the chaos in the lobby . cop restrain the agitate drunk ... kanon what the hell 's go on ? drunk 1 I want my soda . the da say I get a soda ! kanon what da ? desk sergeant I do not know what the hell he 's talk about ? kanon stride past they -- 72 . int . kanon' office — day Mitch copy the document to he thumb -drive , unplug it , and shut the computer down as -- int . corridor - police station - day kanon stride along . another officer approach she with paperwork -- int . kanon 's office / another corridor - day Mitch hurry out of the office , close the door behind he , and stride toward a corner in the corridor -- be about to walk into kanon come the other way -- until he hear -- another officer ( 0.s. ) hey kanon , can I ask you about this report ? -- and Mitch dart sideways through a bathroom door as kanon stride into view -- kanon ( to Officer - - ) give I a minute . and she pass the bathroom . see she office door be close . she push it open and walk in to find -- the office be desert . behind she , Mitch stride out of the bathroom and around the corner , head for the exit . ext . police station - back BAY — day Mitch hurry across the street and get into he escalade . he breathes , clutching the thumb drive , and drive away . int . kanon '’s office — morning kanon can not help feel she miss something . she cross to she desk , reach for she cell phone and notice -- the blinking light on the printer . kanon grab paper from a cupboard , slot it in the tray and the printer spit out the list of possible connect case . kanon look at it . put 2 and 2 together ... CUT to : 73. int . mitch 's office - district attorney' office - day Stuart walk in and see Mitch scribbling information on a whiteboard beneath 8 photograph . the last two be cecil ackerman and Victor Gonzales ... stuart what 's all this ? mitch shut the door . Stuart close the door ... stuart that 's ackerman and the guy from the news . what be you do ? mitch I need to figure out what link all this man . how he 's pick they and why . stuart how who 's pick they ? mitch Tobias levy . stuart what ? mitch this be the unsolve homicide that kanon say match levy 's m.o . stuart levy 's innocent . the witness prove that . mitch I wish it be that simple . stuart what 's go on , Mitch ? first you almost blow the levy case and get yourself disbarre and now you be try to prove he 's the Boston strangler . mitch if I could explain , stu , I would . Stuart sigh ... 74 . stuart what have you get so far ? mitch all this man be murder with what the pathologist think be tool . the first take place eight month after levy 's family be kill . he would already have a run - in with the law after hospitalize that three man , so let assume he need time to get up he courage again . stuart so he kill Bob Smith . mitch but why ? be it random ? a loss of control ? I do not think so . I think he pick he . he pick all of they . so what do they all have in common ? stuart ackerman be a child molester . mitch none of the other be . though they do all have criminal record . stuart so do half this city . ext . graveyard - day levy 's van pull into the graveyard and park . int . mitch 's office - district attorney' office - day stuart you say it start with the death of he family . remind I what happen there . ext . graveyard - day levy walk through the grave carry flower . mitch 's voice ( v.o. ) a man break into they home and butcher he wife and daughter . 75 . levy reach the grave of he wife and daughter . he remove the wilting flower from a vase . int . mitch 's office - district attorney' office - day mitch the killer make levy watch everything . then slit he throat and leave he for dead . ext . graveyard - day levy stand look at the grave . at the frame photo of he wife and daughter stand beside the flower . mitch '’s voice ( v.o. ) it 's a miracle he survive . levy absently touch he throat . we see the faint scar beneath he stubble . int . mitch 's office - district attorney' office - day stuart so he be torture . and all this man be torture , too . mitch but of all the ex-con in Boston , why target this specific man ? a long beat . stuart you really can not tell I why you be do this ? mitch you be go to make da , one day , stu . it 's best you stay as far away from this as possible . CUT to : int . boston library - day Mitch walk through the stack clutching a piece of paper with number write on it . int . reading room —- boston library — day Mitch be sit at a desk . he have a stack of binder contain newspaper inside . he thumb through the page . 76 . find the news story : '' home invasion massacre . '' CUT to : microfiche blur and settles on another story -- int . micro - fiche room - boston library — day Mitch read the '' gas station shoot '' story on the screen before he . he zoom in on area of text . find the man who murder levy 's family be -- '' career criminal '' ... '' in and out of prison '' ... '' recently parole '' ... Mitch move on . then stop . backtrack . focus on the word -- '' paroled '' . Mitch turn from the microfish machine and dig into he briefcase . pull out file on each of the victim . skim through page . find the word -- insert - '' recent parolee '' . he move on . skim the next file . find -- insert - '' paroled '' he skim cecil ackerman 's file . find the same thing . Mitch sit back . ponder this fact . CUT to : ext . cardiff STREET - day a low -rent neighborhood of liquor store and welfare housing . Mitch 's escalade drive into the run-down street . int / ext . mitch 's escalade ( moving ) - day Mitch have the scrap of paper that doyle give he . he park outside the '' halfway house '' . ex - con be sit on the step smoking and talk . Mitch get out and approach they . ask about doyle . they gesture to a bar down the street . 77 . int . dive bar - day Dark as a dungeon . Mitch walk down the step and look around the gloom . there be a man slump at a table . Mitch approach he and lift he head . it 's not doyle . a noise . Mitch look round and see doyle come in from storage carry a crate of beer . he work here . doyle see Mitch stand over the drunk . doyle that 's what you think of I , huh ? doyle put the crate down and begin stock the fridge . Mitch approach he ... mitch I need to talk to you . doyle so , talk . doyle continue to work ... mitch I need you help . doyle I think you do not need anybody 's help . mitch we make a mistake . that man we freed . he 's a serial killer . doyle slow . shake he head ... doyle bullshit . mitch he break into my house . he threaten Rachel and ella . now he have doyle 's attention . Mitch hold he gaze . doyle you be serious . CUT to : 78. ext . back alley - behind bar — day doyle and Mitch step out of the bar . doyle stack a crate of empty bottle . look around . the alley be desert . doyle so , the only reason ackerman be in the road that night be because he be run from levy . mitch yes . doyle and after you leave he finish the job . mitch exactly . I be so wrap up in my own guilt that I do not see the evidence for what it be . I do not even stop to ask why ackerman be out in the rain without a coat . with no shoe on . and he eye . he be begging I not to leave he . I think he be just scared ... doyle fuck . mitch I have get to do something . doyle what do you mean ? leave it the fuck alone . mitch I can not . doyle you be go to have to . mitch he all but tell I he 's go to kill again . I can not live with that . doyle I think you be forget -- I perjure myself -- you leave the scene of a accident , manipulate a trail -- 79 . mitch I know . it 's bad . but all we need be proof . levy can not be retried for ackerman but if I can get evidence that he kill the other man , I can cut we both a deal . what you say under oath - what I do - that all go away . doyle nod -- it sound logical -- doyle so , what be you think ? mitch we need to get inside he house and look around . he target that man . he torture they . he may have overlook something that link they to he . doyle I be on parole . I get catch break into some guy 's house ... mitch I 's will break in . all I need be for you to tail he . warn I when he 's come back . doyle so , just a little aid and abetting . ( beat ) this fucker really break into you house ? mitch while we be sleep . doyle weigh he option . he do not have any ... doyle he know you ride . Rent I a clean set of wheel . I x11 meet you after my shift . doyle go back into the bar . mitch thanks , doyle . I mean it . 80 . doyle I may be a asshole , but I be still you brother . doyle let the door close behind he . CUT to : ext . levy's house - afternoon Thunder rumble in the sky . a light rain fall . levy walk out of he front door and lock the dead - bolt behind he . he get into he white van . pass a new , grey , dodge Challenger ... int / ext . doyle 's challenger - continuous Mitch and doyle watch the van reach the end of the street . doyle start the engine . it growl to life . doyle listen to that engine . man , this be a sweet ride . mitch and it 's rent in my name so do not scratch it . doyle get full collision waiver , do not you ? mitch just call I in plenty of time to get out . doyle chill , bro . I get this . Mitch get out and slam the door . doyle ( cont 'd ) oh , Mitch - what 's you number again ? Mitch pause . doyle laugh . drive away with a roar of the engine . Mitch turn he collar up against the weather . he cross the street toward -- 81 . ext . levy's house - continuous Mitch glance up and down the desert street . slip through the gate . ext . side path - levy 's house — continuous overgrown . Mitch try the back door . lock . he look through the glass . see a 5as style kitchen . Mitch move toward the back garden . notice a low basement window . pushes it with he foot . it move . he give it a stronger kick ... int . basement —- levy's house - continuous the bolt break free of the rotten frame . Mitch push the window open . slide inside foot first . land . Mitch pull a pen-light from he pocket and look around the room pile with box and furniture . levy 's entire family life in box . frame photo of levy with he wife and daughter . stuff toy . anything luxurious . ext . fuller' auto repair shop —- afternoon levy 's van drive in through the gate and park . doyle 's Challenger pull up across the street . int . doyle 's challenger —- afternoon doyle look through the chain - link fence . a fork - lift drive past carry a crate of tire . levy go inside the factory . doyle kill the engine . int . hallway - levy's house - afternoon the basement door open and Mitch step up into the hallway . the wall be bare . pale square show where family photo use to hang . Mitch go into -- int . live room —- levy's house -— continuous -- and see the tv , sit on a fold table . one wooden chair face it . newspaper be pile beside it , like a coffee table . a week of microwave meal trays be pile on the papers . a fly buzze in the air ... int / ext . doyle 's challenger - afternoon doyle press eject on the CD player . bore . a Barry manillow CD pop out . doyle drop it out the window . see levy get into he van . doyle start the engine . levy pull out of the repair shop grounds . drive away . 82 . doyle start to pull out after he . a pass car honk . doyle stomp on the brake . int . levy 's van ( moving ) - afternoon levy look in the mirror . see the grey Challenger . int . doyle 's challenger —- afternoon doyle wait impatiently . pull into traffic . int . bedroom —- levy's house - afternoon Mitch open the bedroom door and look inside the empty room . monastic be the best description . a sweat-stain bed . a crucifix hang on the wall . Mitch approach the night -stand and pick up the bible rest there . his cellphone ring . loud . Mitch jump . mitch ( into phone ) doyle ? doyle 's voice ( 0.s. ) scare ya 's ? mitch be he come back ? int . doylers challenger ( moving ) - afternoon doyle be drive a few car behind levy 's white van . doyle Nah . I be just check in . see how it 's go . int . levy 's van ( moving ) - afternoon levy look in the rear view mirror at the grey Challenger a few car back . at doyle talk on a phone . levy fire he blinker and turn off the main road . look in he mirror again . see the Challenger turn also ... levy reach over to the police scanner and fire it up . Police radio chatter fill the van ... int . levy 's house - afternoon Mitch flick through the Bible . see whole passage have be mark and highlight . 83. mitch the guy have nothing in he house except a Bible , a tv and microwave meal . it 's like he can not bear to be remind of he wife and kid . he 's hide everything in the basement . doyle 's voice ( 0.s. ) anything tie he to the victim ? Mitch pick a calendar off the wall . every day have the schedule of some self - help group or other ... mitch not so far . it look like the man eat and sleep here ... but that 's about it . int . doyle ’'s challenger ( moving ) - evening doyle be still tailing levy . they approach a huge cement factory . the sign on the billow stack read cemex work . but just before they reach it -- the white van turn off the road , through a chain - link gate , toward a -- ext . abandoned warehouse - evening and levy park outside . weed be overgrow . window board up . wall graffiti scar . mitch 's voice ( 0.s. ) he spend the rest of he time at self - help group . doyle park on the road and watch as levy get out , un - padlock a door , and go inside . mitch voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) he sometimes go to two a night . doyle now that 's just masochistic . I only have to go to one and that 's enough for I . int . levy 's house —- evening Mitch continue to search through empty room . see one that be obviously the daughter 's room from the girly wallpaper . 84 . mitch what do you mean '' have to '' ? intercut - doyle and mitch doyle it 's one of the condition of my parole . mitch you be court order to go ? doyle a lot of ex-con be . Mitch walk into the hallway and back down the stair .. doyle ( cont 'd ) and a lot of they need it . doyle keep watch the factory . where the hell be levy ? mitch what do you mean ? doyle I mean , I do not know how some of they even swing parole - they be so obviously go to re-offend . mitch they admit that ? doyle right there in group . mind racing ... Mitch stop . look at the calendar . mitch that 's it . that 's how he pick they . flashback Mitch 's view of levy make coffee at the back of the church hall . listen while the group of man talk ... back to scene mitch ( cont 'd ) nobody notice the guy make coffee . he just hang around - listen - like a fly on the wall . ( more ) 85 . mitch ( cont 'd ) and when he hear somebody who say they 's 1l re-offend ... doyle he off they . doyle see levy walk out of the factory carry a hammer and away from he van . he disappear from view behind a old wall ... doyle ( cont 'd ) ( silent ) what the hell ? doyle look around . can not see levy anywhere ... mitch he 's stop what happen to he family from happen again . Mitch 's foot creak on a floorboard . he stop . backstep . it creak again . he bend and feel the edge . lift it to reveal -- a cavity beneath the floor . he dig he arm in . mitch ( cont 'd ) hang on . I think I have find something . Mitch pull out a black plastic bag . he open it . Inside he find -- massachusett ids -- for all the victim . cecil ackermann , Victor Gonzales etc ... mitch ( cont 'd ) he keep they id . doyle get out of the car and look around the desert street . the noise of the cemex Works fill the air . Mitch hear it through the phone ... mitch ( cont 'd ) what 's that noise ? doyle it 's the cement work . Mitch leave the bag of id and hurry to -- the window 86 . -- and look out at the billow stack of the cemex Works only a few block away - beyond the opposite row of house . mitch be he come back ? doyle no , we have stop . he go inside some old warehouse , then come out again carry a hammer and I lose he . mitch carry what ? doyle a hammer . doyle sense somebody behind he and turn as -- mitch doyle , get out of -- ! bam ! the hammer smashes doyle across the face and send he slamm into the car window . Glass shatter on impact . int . levy 's house —- evening mitch doyle ?! Mitch react . run for the front door . rip it open . the camera take in the bag of id still lie on the floor . CUT to : ext . levy's house / STREET - evening Mitch charge down the path and shove through the gate . slam into a old man walk he dog . Mitch run straight across the street and into another garden . shoulder through the side gate . ext . a series of shot —- evening Mitch barrel through a back garden . leap at the fence . scramble over . land in a alley . run on through puddle . shoulder through another gate . 87 . through another garden . over another fence . run on . back out into another street . a buick slam on the brake . Mitch leap . slide across the hood . run on . foot pound the asphalt . the smoke , billow from the cemex work , get closer . mitch ( into phone ) hang on , doyle . I be come . Mitch round a corner into the street lead to -- ext . abandoned warehouse — continuous Mitch see doyle 's Challenger by the roadside . the break window . the blood . see levy 's white van park by the abandon factor . Mitch run toward it with grim determination . run straight toward the unlock warehouse door . rip it open . barrel inside . no think for he own safety . int . abandoned warehouse - continuous the sound of the cemex work boom through the dank , cavernous space ... mitch doyle ?! doyle , where be you ?! Mitch hear a noise above . bolt toward the stair . int . stairwell — abandoned warehouse - continuous Mitch pound upward , three step at a time and -- int . second floor —- abandoned warehouse — continuous -- hit the upper hallway . Mitch follow the noise . run toward the wall of plastic sheet that hang at the end . he burst through the plastic wall and into -- 88 . int . kill room —- abandoned warehouse - continuous Mitch see doyle on the floor . twitch in a pool of blood . beaten and break . blood ooze from he crack skull . tool glisten with blood lie around he ... mitch no ! ext . abandoned warehouse — afternoon levy climb into he white van , carry doyle 's cellphone . we see he dial 911 as he start the engine ... levy ( into phone ; act desperate ) help I . please . Mitch brody be try to kill I ... ext . abandoned warehouse — afternoon we do not hear the rest of the conversation . the white van drive calmly away . Thunder rumble in the sky and a drizzle rain start to fall ... int . abandoned warehouse - evening Mitch try to stem doyle 's bleed . mitch stay with I , doyle . stay with I . Mitch try to dial 911 . his iphone have no signal . mitch ( cont 'd ) no. come on . come on . he move it around . get one bar . dial again . mitch ( cont 'd ) I need a ambulance . ( a garble response ) hello ? the call disconnect . he try again . it disconnect . frustration build . mitch ( cont 'd ) doyle , I be go to have to move you . I be sorry . it 's go to hurt . Mitch scoops doyle up into he arm and lift he . 89 . doyle roar in pain . mitch ( cont 'd ) stay with I , brother . stay with I . Mitch carry doyle through the plastic sheet ... int . second floor / stairwell - abandoned warehouse - evening Mitch hurry along the upper hallway and down the stair . every footfall be excruciate for doyle ... ext . abandoned warehouse - evening we hear distant police siren approach . see patrol car come into view . int . abandoned warehouse - evening the noise of the cemex work boom . Mitch carry doyle toward the door . kick through it into the daylight as -- ext . abandoned warehouse — continuous Police car skid to a halt in the drizzle rain . cop spew out of they as -- Mitch appear , drench in blood , carry doyle in he arm . mitch help I . he need a doctor . cop draw they gun at the sight . aim they at Mitch . cop ( ad lib ) on you knee . put he down . cop move in on Mitch as he drop to he knee hold doyle . mitch help he . please . boom ! doyle be pull from he . Mitch be slam into the mud . knee in he spine . hand cuffed behind he back . a cop check doyle 's pulse and begin cpr on he . Mitch and doyle stare into each other eye across the mud ... smash CUT to : 90 . int . interview room —- police station - night silence . Mitch be seat . cuffed . cover in dry mud and doyle 's blood . int . lobby —- police station - night phone ring . activity . Rachel stand before the desk sergeant . ella cry ... rachel I demand to see my husband , right now . desk sergeant I can not do that . he have not be process . rachel what be he even be charge with ? desk sergeant I can not tell you that either . rachel that 's ridiculous . I be he wife ! desk sergeant listen , lady . you baby be cold and unhappy . why do not you take she home and I x11 call you as soon as you can see he . okay ? he slide a pad of paper and pen over to she . desk sergeant ( cont ’d ) I can not say fairer than that now , can I ? she write down she number ... CUT to : int . interview room —- police station - night kanon walk in and sit opposite Mitch ... mitch how 's doyle ? kanon Mr. Logan be still in surgery , but the prognosis look hopeful . gl . Mitch visibly relax ... kanon ( cont 'd ) you want to tell I what you relationship be to he ? mitch we be stepbrother -- we parent just never marry . kanon nod . understand now ... kanon which be why he have purger himself for you in court . mitch exactly . Mitch feel like a dick for every bad thing he say to doyle . kanon so , why turn on he now ? mitch what ? kanon be he blackmail you ? have he have enough of what you be do ? mitch what be you talk about ? I do not do this . Tobias levy do it . kanon slide a photo across the table . it 's of the bloody hammer ... kanon use you hammer . mitch yes ! he break into my house and steal my tool . kanon there be no other print on the hammer than yours . mitch then he wear glove . I call 911 for Christ sake . why would I do that if I be guilty ? 92 . kanon you tell I . you do it on the 4th . mitch what ? kanon play the 911 call . male voice ( 0.s. ) 911 what 's you emergency ? mitch 's voice ( 0.s. ) ( muffle ) there 's be a accident . a young man be run over by a car . kanon press stop ... kanon or be you go to deny that 's you ? mitch no . I mean , yes , that 's I . I do it . I hit he with my car and I leave . but I be scared -- I would be drink . it be a accident -- kanon and be doyle a accident ? mitch I do not hurt , doyle . I would not hurt anyone ! kanon except ackerman . we find this in the bottom of you toolbox . kanon slide a plastic evidence bag across the desk toward he . Mitch 's business card be cover in blood . mitch that 's because levy put it there ! kanon it have two type of blood on it -- mitch I be be frame ! 93 . kanon -- and by you own admission we can now link you to three victim . mitch Jesus Christ - can you think logically ? why would I do this ? what 's my motive ? and if I be the killer why do not I crucify levy in court ? he be the perfect scapegoat . kanon you tell I . Mitch slam the table with he cuffed fist . mitch because I be innocent ! kanon just sit and look at he . Mitch breathes ... mitch ( cont 'd ) okay . listen to I . there 's a bag . kanon a bag . mitch levy keep the id of all he victim . he 's target violent parolee who be go to be - offend . like the man who murder he family . kanon where be this bag ? mitch in levy 's house . kanon in he house ? mitch yes . kanon and you know this how ? mitch I break in . 94 . kanon how do I know you do not plant they ? mitch because I do not ! Jesus , detective , I know you have only get 24 hour in the day but even you must have give a shit about the truth at some point . kanon just look at he . she 's like a stone wall and it 's time for Mitch to stop bang he head off it -- mitch ( cont 'd ) I do not think I should answer anything else until I have a lawyer present . kanon that 's probably the first honest thing you have say . kanon stand and walk out of the room . the door clunk close behind she . Mitch put he head in he hand and -- int . corridor - police station - back BAY - day kanon pause outside the door of the interview room . she pause . something in she face make we think that maybe she do believe Mitch -- a little . she walk away ... dissolve to : int . police station - back BAY - a series of shot time pass . we see the working of the police station . int . kanon 's office - night kanon be at she desk . she slap a baseball from palm to palm . lose in think . she look at she computer . a beat . she put down the ball and fire type on the keyboard . insert screen - the word '' murdered parolee '' appear in a search field . CUT to : 95 . int . corridor - police station - back BAY - night a middle aged cop ( travis ) , should have go home hour ago , walk along the corridor . pull a bunch of key from he pocket and unlock the door to -- int . interview room - police station - continuous Travis open the door . Mitch be still sit there . travis you lawyer 's on the phone . Travis un - cuff Mitch from the table . lead he out into -- int . corridor - police station - continuous Travis lead Mitch to the payphone on the corridor wall . step away as Mitch pick up the handset . mitch Stuart , where the hell be you ? levy's voice ( 0.s. ) sorry , Mitch . this be the only way I could get to talk to you . Mitch go cold . grip the phone ... mitch listen to I , you sonofabitch , you almost kill my brother . int . levy's white van - night park at the side of a quiet suburban street . levy that be you fault , not mine . intercut - mitch and levy mitch I will get you . levy if only you have have have this much backbone that night in the rain . you could have wait for the ambulance and ackerman would still be alive . of course then he have be free to continue raping small child . ( more ) 96 . levy ( cont 'd ) you do know that 's what he be about to do when I grab he , do not you ? mitch what do you want ? levy I want to help you . mitch then turn yourself in . levy that 's funny , but no . I believe you be face with the same exact choice to ruin my life or you own . yet you find a third option . mitch you do not have a third option . levy that 's not true . if another murder with the same m.o. happen while you be in custody they have have no choice but to acknowledge you innocence -- mitch that 's insane -- levy -- and by the time the police turn they attention back to I , I '1l have move on . New name . New state . consider it a parting gift . mitch you do not know the police would even connect the murder to I . int . levy's white van - night levy watch Rachel drive past in she prius and pull up the driveway to Mitch 's house . levy oh , believe I , they 's 1ll connect it to you . int . prius - night Rachel hit the garage - door remote and -- 97 . int . police station —- back BAY - night Mitch recognize the house - rattling clunk of he garage door as it begin to rise . his eye go wide . mitch no ! click . the line go dead . Mitch stab the button ... mitch ( cont 'd ) wait ! Mitch hold down the cutoff button and then start to dial . nothing . tries again ... mitch ( cont 'd ) ( shout ) line ! I need a line ! tries the phone again . Travis walk toward he ... mitch ( cont 'd ) I need a outside line . it 's a emergency . travis you only get one call . mitch he 's after my wife ! travis you only get one call . Mitch grab Travis . mitch you be not listen to I . he 's go to kill my wife ! Travis slam Mitch against the wall . cranks he arm up he back . other cop come run ... mitch ( cont 'd ) i_have to warn she ! Travis hook a cuff on Mitch 's wrist . Mitch grimace in pain . if the other cuff get on he 's do for . Mitch plant a foot on the wall and push backwards with all he strength . slam Travis into the opposite wall . 98 . Mitch drive he head back into Travis 's face . his nose break . Travis release he . Mitch pull the 'mm from Travis 's holster . Zero the approach cop . mitch ( cont 'd ) stay back . Mitch pull Travis in front of he like a shield . jam the gun into Travis 's throat . mitch ( cont 'd ) I 's will shoot he . I swear to God . Mitch glance behind he and look at the exit sign . pull Travis backwards with he . int . kanon 's office - night kanon see cop run past she office door . pull gun . she get a bad feel . rise from she seat . CUT to : int . corridor - police station - night Mitch push back against the emergency exit bar . the door open . a alarm sound . Mitch look out into the indoor parking lot . it look desert . int . indoor parking lot - police station — continuous Mitch pull Travis inside and slam the door again . grab Travis 's nightstick and jam it through the handle as -- int . corridor - police station - continuous cop shoulder the door . it will not budge . cop go around ! int . parking lot —- police station —- night Mitch march Travis toward a patrol car . open the door . the ignition be empty . mitch where 's the key ? 99 . travis in the lock -box . Travis indicate the valet - style cupboard on the wall . mitch I be sorry . Mitch pistol whip Travis . he drop to the floor . Mitch rush to the lock -box . it will not open . he point the gun at the lock and -- boom ! int . surveillance room - police station - night kanon run in as the gunshot echoe through the station . there be monitor cover all area . kanon who 's shoot ? the police woman man the monitor look at she ... police woman you suspect . on a monitor , kanon see the image change to Mitch clamber into a patrol car with a gun . she see the cop lie on the concrete . not move ... kanon ( to police woman ) Close the gate . ( into radio ) Officer down . repeat - Officer be down . suspect be in the parking lot . he be armed and dangerous . int . armory - police station - night cop grab m - 16 from the rack . head toward the parking lot at a run . int / ext . patrol car ( moving ) - night Mitch fumble the key . fire the engine . slam the shifter into reverse . tire smoke . he shoot backwards . Hit the brake . slam she into first and zoom toward the exit gate . he see the gate close . Mitch gun the gas and -- 100 . ext . police station - continuous boom ! the patrol car rip one of the metal gate clean off its hinge . spark fly . Metal rend , but the car 's '' bull bar " protect the engine . Mitch zoom toward the road as -- m - 16 open fire on the car . bullet hit snake across the rear door ... int . patrol car ( moving ) - continuous Mitch duck as the rear window implode . bullet hit pop the rear seat . stuff turn to confetti . Mitch slalom out into traffic . other car shield he from more gunfire ... CUT to : int . parking lot —- police station —- night kanon approach cop . he be come around . head bleed . other cop help he . kanon what happen ? cop he get a phone call and go crazy . kanon a call from who ? cop his lawyer . he be ranting about make another call . Said somebody be go to kill he wife . kanon who ?! cop I do not know . he just keep say it . stuart ( 0.s. ) what 's go on ? kanon look and see Stuart stand there with he briefcase . kanon who be you ? 101 . stuart Stuart kemp . da 's office . I be Mitch brody 's lawyer . kanon ( urgent - — - ) do you just call Mitch ? stuart no . and kanon run toward she car -- kanon get brody 's home address . have it send to my phone . she jump behind the wheel and fire the engine ... kanon ( cont 'd ) ( shout ) tell swat and tactical to meet I there ! and somebody call the wife ! she pull out . tire smoking ... CUT to : int . mitch 's house - night the doorbell ring . Rachel answer it . levy be stand there . levy Mrs. brody ? rachel yes ? levy I be detective kanon . I would like to talk to you about you husband if you do not mind ? we hear ella cry inside the house . rachel no . not at all . one second . Rachel disappear inside to fetch ella . levy glance around the desert street , step inside and close the door . the camera move away from the door to find the telephone wire run up the outside wall of the house . 102 . it 's be cut . int . mitch house - continuous Rachel pick up ella and turn to go back to the front door . she see levy be now inside . it give she pause . levy I hope you do not mind . rachel not at all . can you tell I what you have arrest my husband for ? levy murder . rachel what ? that 's insane . levy do not worry . I know he do not do it . could I trouble you for a glass of water ? rachel of course . Rachel go into -- int . kitchen — mitch 's house - continuous Rachel put ella in she bassinet , on the kitchen table , and nudge a stack of Mitch 's file . paper spill onto the floor . they can wait . rachel I do not understand . she grab a glass and turn on the faucet . rachel ( cont 'd ) if you know he do not do it , why be you hold he ? int . live room —- mitch 's house - continuous levy take a leather tool - roll from inside he coat and unty it . he roll out the set on the dining table . chisel , blade , screwdriver ... levy other people do not believe it yet - but they will . 103 . int . kitchen — mitch 's house - continuous Rachel test the water with she finger . glance down at Mitch 's papers on the floor . levy ( 0.s. ) there 's just something I need you help with first . rachel oh ? Rachel notice something among Mitch 's papers that make she blood freeze ... int . live room —- mitch 's house - continuous levy select a brutal look chisel . he walk toward the kitchen door . stands to one side . can hear the faucet run . rachel ( 0.s. ) would you like ice ? levy as it come be fine . levy steady he breath . clutch the chisel and - nothing . the faucet continue to run . levy ( cont 'd ) Mrs. brody ? still nothing but the sound of run water . levy ( cont 'd ) hello ? levy lower the chisel and push through the door into -- int . kitchen — mitch 's house - continuous the faucet continue to run . Rachel be go . ella be miss from the bassinet . levy see the papers on the floor . among they be -- levy's mug -shot . suddenly , he hear the beep of the prius alarm as the car unlock . levy race out of the kitchen toward the garage . 104 . a beat . the pantry door open and Rachel step out clutching ella and the prius key / remote . she rush toward the garage 's connect door ... int . garage - mitch 's house - night levy look inside the prius . no sign of Rachel . he sense movement behind he . spin to see -- Rachel slam and lock the connect door . levy fly back at it . tries to shoulder the door . it will not budge . he look around and see -- a double -handed ax among Mitch 's tool . he grab it and -- int . mitch 's house - continuous Rachel , carry ella , move back from the door and -- boom ! the ax cleave the wood . Rachel scream and run back through the house . CUT to : int / ext . mitch 's patrol car ( moving ) - night Mitch slalom through traffic at high speed . lean on the horn . flash he light . he look at the control . find the siren switch . the cherries flash and the siren wail . traffic part before he like the red sea . Mitch gun the engine ... int . live room — mitch 's house - night Rachel snatch up the phone . the line be dead . she hear the house - rattling clunk of the garage door open . Rachel run to the front door and try to open it . it 's lock . she twist the dead bolt . undoe the chain . her hand shaking . ella be cry ... Rachel keep look back toward the garage corridor . no sign of levy yet . Rachel rip open the front door and -- levy run toward she with the ax . 105 . Rachel try to slam the door again but levy hit it with he full weight and -- boom ! he 's through . Rachel be flung backwards onto the stair . she shield ella from the impact . levy hit the hall table and mirror . shatter glass . Falls to the floor . levy shake it off . scramble for the ax as -- Rachel leap to she foot and run up the stair . int . upper hallway - mitch 's house - continuous Rachel reach the top of the stair . levy be come up after she . she bolt through the bedroom door . swing it shut behind she . slam . levy shoulder straight through the flimsy wood and into -- int . bedroom — mitch 's house - continuous Rachel be trap . she back around the bed . into the corner . levy catch he breath . stalk she . rachel what do you want ? why be you do this ? levy put the baby on the bed . rachel no . levy swing the ax and take a lamp off the dresser . it shatter against the far wall . levy put the baby on the bed ! CUT to : int / ext . patrol car - night Mitch skid the patrol car into he street . gun it . see levy 's white van . he slam on the brake outside -- 106 . ext . mitch 's house - continuous Mitch leap out of the car clutching the steal 'mm . bolt up the driveway toward the open front door ... mitch Rachel ?! Mitch run through the door into -- int . mitch 's house - continuous Mitch see the shattered hall mirror . he run into -- int . live room —- mitch 's hosue - continuous Mitch look around . gun ready . see the roll of tool on the dining table . he push open the kitchen door ... mitch Rachel ?! where be you ?! Mitch look down the corridor and see the axed garage door . mitch ( cont 'd ) Rachel ?! Mitch bolt back into the hallway and up the stair ... int . upper hallway - mitch 's house - continuous Mitch pound up the stair and reach the bedroom door . he see the splinter wood . hear ella whimper inside . a muffle sob and -- int . bedroom — mitch 's house - continuous Mitch burst in . gun up . he scope the room and see levy stand behind Rachel . ella be on the bed . levy have the blade of the ax against Rachel 's throat like a knife . rachel Mitch -- levy flinch the blade . shut she up ... mitch do not hurt she . levy Drop the gun . Mitch weigh up he option . he do not have any . he take he finger off the trigger . open he palm . drop the gun . 107 . levy ( cont 'd ) kick it towards I . Mitch kick the gun to levy 's foot . levy ( cont 'd ) now , Rachel , I want you to slowly bend with I . Rachel and levy bend at the knee . levy pick up the gun . they straighten . levy sigh . he drop the ax . Mitch make a move . levy have the gun at Rachel 's temple in a flash . Mitch freeze . mitch whatever you be think of do , Tobias , do not . please . I be out . my alibi 's shot . you do not have to hurt they . levy you know too much . I do not have a choice . mitch you do ! you do have a choice . what happen to you be terrible , but do this will not change that . levy no , but you will finally understand why I do what I do . mitch please . I already understand . levy no , you do not . but you will -- levy trip the hammer to fire and -- mitch I understand that you watch you wife and child be butcher and you do nothing ! levy look at he -- mitch ( cont 'd ) I understand you be a fuck coward ! 108 . Rachel stare at Mitch in horror . what be he do ? levy ( angry ) no ! Mitch begin inching toward levy ... mitch you froze ! levy I do not . mitch you piece of shit ! you care more about save yourself than you own flesh and blood . levy no ! mitch you be lie ! Mitch continue to inch forward . goading levy . to turn the gun away from Rachel , onto he . mitch ( cont 'd ) admit it ! levy he never should have be out of prison ! it be the system 's fault . mitch this be not about the system . it 's about you . if you be a_man you would have die first ! I know it -- and you know it . levy ( scream ) there be nothing I could do ! Mitch be almost to levy now . willing he 109 . mitch bullshit ! you just do not have the ball to kill the one who deserve to die ... ( beat ) you ! levy roar in pain . swing the gun away from Rachel and stab the barrel into Mitch 's chest . eye blaze with murderous anger . Mitch stop . Rachel 's breath stop . levy what about you ? be you willing to die first ?! mitch yes . Mitch catch the barrel with both hand and clamp it firmly to upper chest and -- mitch ( cont 'd ) Rachel , run ! before levy know what 's happen , Rachel pull away . levy try to turn the gun but Mitch hold on with a iron grip . this gun be not point at anybody but he . Rachel snatch ella up from the bed . levy fire . boom ! a bullet shoot through Mitch 's shoulder . a vase behind he - across the room - explode . Mitch roar in pain but hang onto the barrel . he 'il die before he will let go . rachel ( scream ) Mitch ! mitch get out of here ! Mitch stagger in pain but still grip the gun . Rachel be almost out of the room as -- 110 . boom ! another shot rip through Mitch 's shoulder -- shatter a family photo behind he -- and Mitch release he grip . almost collapse in pain . levy turn the gun on Rachel and squeeze the trigger as -- mitch ( cont 'd ) nooooo ! !!! Mitch drive he good shoulder into levy . boom ! the gun fire wide . take a chunk out of the door frame as -- Mitch tackle levy backwards toward the window and -- ext . upper windown - mitch 's house - continuous Glass explode outward . Mitch and levy fly out into space . they slam down through the branch of a young tree . be spun apart . hit more branch . slam down into -- ext . front garden - mitch 's house — continuous levy and Mitch both lie on the lawn . gasp . in pain . levy get to he foot and bend to pick up the gun . he turn to Mitch and -- bam ! Mitch punch he in the face . levy 's head snap to the side . Mitch hit he again . levy drop the gun . then swing a fist into Mitch 's bullet - ravage shoulder . Mitch roar in pain . drop to one knee . he only have he right arm . his leave hang impotently . levy stand over he . punch Mitch in the face . grab Mitch and drag he to he foot . Hit he again . and again . Mitch look done-for . then bam ! he punch he right fist into levy 's kidney . and with all he remain strength he drive he forehead into levy 's nose . bam ! the two man stagger apart . 111 . Mitch collapse in pain and exhaustion . shoulder pump blood . he lie there gasp for air as -- levy claw for the fall gun . blood stream from he break nose . he climb back to he foot and -- stands over Mitch . aim the gun down into he face . Mitch laugh through the pain . mitch you - be a - fuck - pussy . levy I be afraid , God help I . be you ? levy thumb the hammer back and -- mitch no . a flicker of hurt cross levy 's eye . the only thing keep he sane be that any man would have do what he do . Mitch have prove he wrong . wham ! Rachel hit he in the back with the ax . levy stagger in pain . try to reach the handle . he turn to look at Rachel . he raise the gun . be go to shoot she when -- mitch ( cont 'd ) noooo ! Mitch try to rise , but can not , and -- boom ! a bullet blow the back of levy 's head out . Mitch look around for the source of the bullet and see -- kanon at the edge of the driveway . gun raise . smoke curl from the barrel . the scream of more patrol car fill the air . light flash ... Mitch look up at the star above and sigh . dissolve to : 112 . int . emergency room —- hospital - night Mitch be sit on a bed . his leave shoulder and chest be heavily bandage . a iv give he fluid . there be cop stand guard at the edge of the curtain area . Mitch 's good arm be cuffed to the metal bed -frame . kanon walk in past the cop . kanon how be you feel ? mitch relieved . kanon Doctor say the bullet do not even clip a bone . you be lucky . Mitch look past kanon at Rachel and ella ... mitch I know . kanon follow he look . she pull key from she pocket and uncuff he ... mitch ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? kanon I think you be family 's be through enough for one night , do not you ? Mitch look at she . she 's serious . mitch thank you . kanon pocket the cuff . kanon do not make the mistake of think a few bullet in the shoulder get you off the hook , counselor , because it do not . I '’11 expect you down at the station first thing tomorrow to give a full statement . mitch understood . kanon gesture to the cop to let Rachel and ella through . 113 . mitch ( cont 'd ) if only I have not leave the accident . kanon then you would be behind bar and levy would still be out there . where 's the justice in that ? kanon be about to walk away when -- mitch any word on doyle ? kanon he 's in recovery . I hear he be lucky too . Mitch nod . grateful . kanon leave as Rachel rush in with ella and hug Mitch . dissolve to : int . doyle 's recovery room - hospital - dawn doyle 's heart monitor beep . he have ivs come out of he and bandage cover he wound and skull . his face be half swollen . Mitch enter the room , arm in a sling , and stand at he bedside . mitch doyle ? doyle 's eye flicker open . he smile . sleepy but happy to see Mitch . doyle hey . you bring I flower ? mitch I bring you something better . Rachel walk in carry ella . mitch ( cont 'd ) this be my wife , Rachel . rachel hello , doyle . doyle blink and try to sit up . it 's excruciate ... 114 . rachel ( cont 'd ) try not to move . mitch and this be you niece . Mitch put ella into doyle 's arm . doyle 's eye well up .. doyle hello , ella . ella gurgle and smile ... rachel I guess we have get some catch up to do . Rachel sit on the side of the bed . ext . hospital window - dawn the camera pull back . look in at Rachel , Mitch and doyle talk . doyle continue to hold ella . they do not yet look like a family , but it 's a start ... the camera take in Boston and the rise sun . it 's go to be a beautiful day . fade out : the end