rebecca I last night I dreamt I go to manderley again . it seem to I I stand by the iron gate lead to the drive , and for a while I could not enter , for the way be bar to I . then , like all dreamer , I be possess of a sudden with supernatural power and pass like a spirit through the barrier before I . the drive wound away in front of I , twist and turn as it have always do , but as I advanced I be aware that a change have come upon it . nature have come into she own again , and , little by little , have encroach upon the drive with long , tenacious finger . on and on wound the poor thread that have once be we drive , and finally there be manderley -- manderley , secretive and silent . time could not mar the perfect symmetry of that wall . moonlight can play odd trick upon the fancy -- and suddenly it seem to I that light come from the window . and then a cloud come upon the moon and hover a instant like a dark hand before a face . the illusion go with it . I look upon a desolate shell -- with I no! stop ! maxim what the devil be you shouting about ? who be you ? what be you stare at ? I I -- I be sorry . I do not mean to stare . but -- I -- I only think ... maxim oh , you do , do you ? well , what be you do here ? I I be only walk . maxim well , get on with you walk ! do not hang about here scream ! mrs . van hopper I will never come to monte Carlo out of season again . not a single well - know personality in the hotel . Stone cold ! waiter , gar on ! call he . tell he to get I some ... mrs . van hopper why , it 's Max de Winter . how do you do ? maxim how do you do ? mrs . van hopper I be edith Van Hopper . it 's so nice to run into you here , just when I be beginning to despair of find any old friend here in monte . but do sit down and have some coffee . Mr. de Winter be have some coffee with I . go and ask that stupid waiter for another cup . maxim I be afraid I must contradict you . you shall both have coffee with I . gar on ! waiter oui , monsieur . maxim coffee , please . mrs . van hopper cigarette ? maxim no thank you . mrs . van hopper you know , I recognize you just as soon as you come in , though I have not see you since that night at the casino in Palm Beach . perhaps you do not remember a old woman like I . be you play the table much here at monte ? maxim no , I be afraid that sort of thing cease to amuse I year ago . mrs . van hopper I can well understand that . as for I , if I have a home like manderley , I should certainly never come to monte . I hear it 's one of the biggest place in that part of the country and you just can not beat it for beauty . maxim and what do you think of monte Carlo ? or do not you think of it at all ? I oh , well -- I -- I think it 's rather artificial ... mrs . van hopper she 's spoiled , Mr. de Winter . that 's she trouble . most girl would give they eye for the chance to see monte . maxim would not that rather defeat the purpose ? mrs . van hopper now that we have find each other again , I hope I shall be see something of you . you must come and have a drink in my suite . I hope they have give you a good room . the place be empty , so if you be uncomfortable , mind you make a fuss . you valet have unpack for you , I suppose ? maxim I be afraid I do not possess one . perhaps you would like to do it for I ? mrs . van hopper well -- I ( laugh ) I hardly think er ... perhaps you could make yourself useful to Mr. de Winter , if he want anything do . you be a capable child in many way . maxim that 's a charming suggestion , but I be afraid I cling to the old motto : " he travel fastest who travel alone . " perhaps you have not hear of it . good night . mrs . van hopper what do you make of that ? do you suppose that sudden departure be intend to be funny ? come , do not sit there gawk ! let 's go upstairs . have you get the key ? I yes , Mrs. Van Hopper . mrs . van hopper I remember when I be young there be a well - know writer who use to dart down the back way whenever he see I come . I suppose he be in love with I and be not quite sure of himself . well , c'est la vie ! by the way , my dear , do not think that I mean to be unkind , but you be just a teeny weeny bit forward with Mr. de Winter . you effort to enter the conversation quite embarrassed I , and I be sure it do he . Men loathe that sort of thing . oh , come , do not sulk . after all , I be responsible for you behavior here . perhaps he do not get over he wife 's death . they say he simply adore she . I oh ! oh , how awkward of I . what a stupid thing to do . I oh , I be so sorry . please do not bother , it do not really matter . maxim leave that -- leave that -- go and lay another place at my table . Mademoiselle will have lunch with I . I oh , well , I -- I coud not possibly . maxim why not ? I oh , well , please do not be polite . I ... it 's very kind of you , but I will be all right if they just change the cloth . maxim I be not be polite . I should have ask you to lunch with I even if you have not upset the vase so clumsily . come along . we need not talk to each other if we do not feel like it . I thank you very much . I oh , I ... I will just ha -- have some -- some scramble egg . waiter oui , Mademoiselle . maxim what 's happen to you friend ? I oh , she 's ill in bed with a cold . maxim I be sorry I be so rude to you yesterday . the only excuse I can offer be that I have become borish through live alone . I you be not really . you simply want to be alone , and ... maxim tell I -- be Mrs. Van Hopper a friend of yours or just a relation ? I no , she 's my employer . I be what be know as a pay companion . maxim hah , I do not know companionship could be buy . I I look up the word " companion " in the dictionary once . it say a " friend of the bosom . " maxim I do not envy you the privilege . I oh , she 's very kind , really , and ... I have to earn my live . maxim have not you any family ? I no. my -- my mother die year and year ago , and -- then there be only my father ... and he die last summer . then I take this job . maxim how rotten for you . I yes , it be rather , because , you see , we get on so well together . maxim you and you father ? I yes , he be a lovely person -- very unusual . maxim what be he ? I a painter . maxim ha-a-a ... be he a good one ? I well , I think so , but people -- do not understand he . maxim yes , that 's often the trouble . I he -- he paint tree -- it ... at least it be one tree . maxim you mean he paint the same tree over and over again ? I yes , you see -- he have a theory that if you should find one perfect thing , or place , or person , you should stick to it . do you think that 's very silly ? maxim not at all . I be a firm believer in that myself . what do you find to do with yourself while he be -- painting he tree ? I oh , I sit with he , and I sketch a little . I do not do it very well though . maxim be you go sketching this afternoon ? I yes . maxim where ? I oh , I have not make up my mind . maxim I will drive you somewhere in the car . I oh , no . please ... I do not mean ... maxim oh , nonsense . finish up that mess and we will get along . I thank you . it 's very kind of you , but -- I be not very hungry . maxim oh , come on , eat it up like a good girl . maxim you have take long enough with that sketch . I shall expect a really fine work of art . I oh , no , do not look at it , it 's not nearly good enough . maxim oh , it can not be as bad as all that . now do not rub it all out . let I see it first . I well , it 's the perspective . I never can get it right . maxim let I ... oh , dear ! tell I , be it the perspective that give my nose that curious twist in the middle ? I you be not a very easy subject to sketch . maxim no ? I you expression keep change all the time . maxim do it ? well , I would -- I would concentrate on the view instead , if I be you . it 's much more worthwhile . Rather remind I of we coastline at home . do you know cornwall at all ? I yes , I go there once with my father on a holiday . I -- I be in a shop once , and ... I see a postcard with a beautiful house on it , right by the sea . and I ask whose house it be , and the old lady say , " that 's manderley ! " I feel ashamed for not know . maxim manderley be beautiful . to I , it 's just the place where I be bear ... have live in all my life . now , I do not suppose I shall ever see it again . I well , we be lucky not to er ... be home during the bad weather , be not we ? maxim huh ... I I -- I can not ever remember enjoy swim in England until June , can you ? the water 's so warm here that I could stay in all day . there 's a dangerous undertow , and there be a man drown here last year . I never have any fear of drown , have you ? maxim come -- I will take you home . mrs . van hopper oh , yes . I know Mr. de Winter well . I know he wife too . before she marry she be the beautiful Rebecca hildreth , you know . she be drown , poor dear , while she be sailing near manderley . he never talk about it , of course , but he 's a break man . I suppose I better have it . wretched stuff ! give I a chocolate , quick . mrs . van hopper oh , there you be . it 's about time . hurry up , I want to play some rummy . mrs . van hopper' voice she be the beautiful Rebecca hildreth , you know . they say he simply adore she . she be the beautiful Rebecca hildreth , you know . I suppose he just can not get over he wife 's death . she be the beautiful Rebecca hildreth , you know . but he 's a break man . I bon jour . nurse bon jour . mrs . van hopper well , where be you go ? I oh , I think I would take a tennis lesson . mrs . van hopper oh , I see . I suppose you have have a look at the pro and he 's desperately handsome , and you have conceive a schoolgirl crush on he . all right , go ahead , make the most of it . maxim off duty ? I oh , yes . Mrs. Van Hopper 's cold have turn into flu , so she 's get a train nurse . maxim oh , I be for the nurse . you keen on tennis ? I no , not particularly . maxim that 's good . we will go for a drive . I good afternoon , Mrs. Van Hopper . how be you feel ? mrs . van hopper you get on rather well with he , do not you ? that pro must have be teach you other thing than tennis . hurry up , I want you to make some call . I wonder if Mr. de Winter be still in the hotel . I May I go now ? mrs . van hopper for the number of lesson you have have you ought to be ready for wimbledon . but this will be you last -- so make the most of it . trouble be , with I laid up like this , you have not have enough to do . but I be get rid of that nurse today , and from now on you will stick to you job . I yes , Mrs. Van Hopper . mrs . van hopper nurse ! nurse yes , Mrs. Van Hopper . mrs . van hopper be you absolutely sure you leave that message for Mr. de Winter ? nurse why , yes , Madame . mrs . van hopper I simply can not believe it . he would most certainly have call I back . oh , well , poor boy -- I simply hate to see he so alone . I you know , I -- I wish there could be a invention that bottled up the memory like perfume . and it never fade , never get stale , and whenever I want to , I could uncork the bottle and live the memory all over again . maxim and what particular moment in you young life would you want to keep ? I oh , all of they -- all of this last few day . I -- I feel as though I -- I would collect a whole shelf full of bottle . maxim sometimes , you know , that little bottle contain demon that have a way of pop out at you just as you be try most desperately to forget . stop bite you nail ! I oh , I wish I be a woman of thirty - six , dress in black satin , with a string of pearl . maxim you would not be here with I if you be . I would you please tell I , Mr. de Winter , why you ask I to come out with you ? oh , it 's obvious that you want to be kind , but -- why do you choose I for you charity ? maxim I ask you to come out with I because I want you company . you have blott out the past for I more than all the bright light of monte Carlo . but if you think I just ask you out of kindness or charity , you can leave the car now and find you own way home . go on , open the door and get out ! maxim better blow you nose . please do not call I Mr. de Winter . I have a very impressive array of first name . George fortescue maximilian . but you need not bother with they all at once . my family call I maxim . and another thing . please promise I never to wear black satin or pearl , or to be thirty - six year old . I yes , maxim . mrs . van hopper for the love of Pete ! come here ! mrs . van hopper what do you think ? my daughter 's engage to be marry . I oh , really ? how nice ! mrs . van hopper we must leave for New York at once . get reservation on the aquitania , and we will take the twelve-thirty train for cherbourg . hurry up and get in a may to help with the pack ! we have no time to waste . go on and do not dawdle ! I Mr. de Winter , please . oh , he 's go out riding ? he will not be back till noon ? oh ... give I the porter , please . I I will go and see if there 's anything leave in my room . I have Mr. de Winter come in yet ? oh , he have ? would you connect I , please ? I oh -- I -- I -- I be look for my book . I -- I -- I suppose I pack it . mrs . van hopper well , come on . the car 's wait at the door ! I I would like to leave a forward address if they happen to find that book . I would you ring Mr. de Winter , please ? concierge yes , madam . cent quartre-vingt-deux . concierge there be not any answer . I thank you -- mrs . van hopper tell she to hurry up ! commissionaire yes , madam . I I be look for Mr. de Winter . waiter Mr. de Winter just order breakfast in he room , Mademoiselle . maxim come in . maxim hello ... what be you do here ? anything the matter ? I I have come to say goodbye . we be go away . maxim what on earth be you talk about ? I it 's true . we be go now , and -- I be afraid I would not see you again . maxim where 's she take you to ? I New York . I do not want to go . I shall hate it . I shall be miserable . maxim I will dress in here . I sha not be long . maxim which would you prefer , New York or manderley ? I oh , please do not joke about it . Mrs. Van Hopper 's wait , and I -- I would better say goodbye now . maxim I will repeat what I say -- either you go to America with Mrs. Van Hopper or you come home to manderley with I . I you mean you want a secretary or something ? maxim I be ask you to marry I , you little fool . maxim come in ! be that my food ? I be famish . I do not have any breakfast . maxim ah , my suggestion do not seem to have go at all . well -- I be sorry . I oh , but you do not understand -- it 's that -- I -- well , I be not the sort of person man marry . maxim what on earth do you mean ? I I do not belong in you sort of world , for -- for one thing . maxim well , what be my sort of world ? I oh , well , manderley -- you know what I mean . maxim well , I be the best judge of whether you belong there or not . of course , if you do not love I , that 's a different thing . Fine blow to my conceit , that 's all . I oh , I do love you ! I love you most dreadfully . I have be cry all morning because I think I would never see you again ! maxim bless you for that . I will remind you of this one day ... you will not believe I . it 's pity you have to grow up . oh , now that 's settle , you may pour I out some coffee . two lump of sugar and some milk , please . same with my tea . do not forget . who 's go to break the news to Mrs. Van Hopper , shall you or shall I ? I oh , you tell she . she will be so angry . maxim what 's the number of she room ? I oh , she 's not there . she 's -- she 's downstairs in the car . maxim hello . give I the desk , please . hello . you will find Mrs. Van Hopper wait outside in the car . would you ask she with my compliment if she would very kindly come and see I in my room ? yes , in my room . clerk Mr. de Winter say please for you to come up to he room . mrs . van hopper Mr. de Winter ? why certainly . maxim ( laugh ) this be not at all you idea of a proposal , be it ? it should be in a conservatory -- you in a white frock with a red rise in you hand , and a violin play in the distance -- and I should be make violent love to you behind a palm tree . poor darling -- never mind . I oh , I do not mind . maxim do not worry . do not worry . you will not have to say a word . mrs . van hopper I be so glad you call I , Mr. de Winter . I be make a hasty departure , it be so rude of I not to let you know , but a cable come this morning announce that my daughter be engage to be marry . maxim that 's rather a coincidence , Mrs. Van Hopper . I ask you up here in order to tell you of my engagement . mrs . van hopper you do not mean it ! why how perfectly wonderful ! how romantic ! who be the lucky lady ? maxim I apologize for deprive you of you companion in this abrupt way . I do hope it will not inconvenience you too greatly . mrs . van hopper when do all this happen ? I just now , Mrs. Van Hopper . just a few minute ago . mrs . van hopper I simply can not believe it . and I suppose I ought to scold you for not have breathe a word of all this to I . what be I think of -- I should give you both my congratulation and my blessing . I be very happy for you both . when and where be the wedding to be ? maxim here . as soon as possible . mrs . van hopper a whirlwind romance ! splendid ! I can easily postpone my sailing for a week . this poor child have no mother , so I shall take responsibility for all the arrangement -- trousseau , reception , and everything . and I will give the bride away . but we luggage ! go down and tell the porter to take everything out of the car . maxim just a minute . we be most grateful , Mrs. Van Hopper . but I think we both prefer to have it all as quiet as possible . and I could not possibly allow you to change you sailing plan . mrs . van hopper oh , please ... maxim no , no , no . dear , I will go down and see that you luggage be bring back . I thank you , maxim . mrs . van hopper so this be what have be happen during my illness . tennis lesson , my foot ! I suppose I have to hand it to you for a fast worker . how do you manage it ? still water certainly run deep ! tell I , have you be do anything you should not ? I I -- I do not know what you mean . mrs . van hopper oh , well , never mind . I always do say that englishmen have strange taste . but you will certainly have you work cut out as mistress of manderley . to be perfectly frank with you , my dear , I can not see you do it . you have not the experience , you have not the faintest idea what it mean to be a great lady . of course , you know why he 's marrying you , do not you ? you have not flatter yourself that he 's in love with you . fact be that empty house get on he nerve to such a extent , he nearly go off he head . he just could not go on live alone . I you would better leave , Mrs. Van Hopper . you will miss you train . mrs . van hopper huh ! Mrs. de Winter ! Goodbye , my dear , and good luck ! mayor monsieur ! vous avez oubliez votre carnetde mariage ! maxim he say I have forget that proof that we be marry . I oh , good heaven ! maxim ah , somebody else have the same idea . I be not she sweet ? maxim yes . you would have like a bridal veil , would not you ? or at least ... maxim Madame -- Madame -- combien 'a fait ? tout de tout ? je vous remercie mille fois , Madame , merci . I oh , maxim , how lovely ! oh , how perfectly lovely ! ah -- oh , how perfectly lovely ! gatekeeper welcome home , Mr. de Winter ! maxim thank you , Smith ! maxim cold , darling ? I yes , just a little bit . maxim there 's no need to be frighten , you know . just be yourself , and they will all adore you . you do not have to worry about the house at all . Mrs. danver be the housekeeper . just leave it to she . maxim hello -- start to rain . better hurry up . here -- have this . put it over you head . I thank you . maxim that 's it ! that 's manderley ! maxim here we be . frith , everybody well ? frith yes , thank you , sir . glad to see you home , sir . maxim this be Mrs. de Winter , frith . I how do you do ? maxim I do not expect the whole staff to be in attendance . frith Mrs. danver ' order , sir . maxim oh. sorry about this . it will not take long . maxim this be Mrs. danver . I how do you do ? Mrs. danver how do you do ? I have everything in readiness for you . I that 's very good of you . I -- I do not expect anything . maxim I think we would like some tea , frith . frith ready in the library , sir . maxim come along , darling . I oh , maxim ! come in ! I oh , good evening , Mrs. danver . mrs . danver good evening , madam . I hope Alice be satisfactory , madam ? I oh , yes , thank you . perfectly . mrs . danver she 's the parlor-maid . she will have to look after you until you own may arrive . I oh , but I have not a may . I -- I be sure Alice will do very nicely . mrs . danver I be afraid that would not do for very long , madam . it 's usual for lady in you position to have a personal may . I hope you approve the -- new decoration of this room , madam ? I oh , I -- I do not know it would be change . I hope you have not be to too much trouble . mrs . danver I only follow out Mr. de Winter 's instruction . I oh. well , what do it look like before ? mrs . danver I oh , then it be not Mr. de Winter 's room originally ? mrs . danver no , madam . he 's never use the East wing before . of course , there 's no view of the sea from here . the only good view of the sea be from the West wing . I the room 's very charming , and I be sure I will be comfortable . mrs . danver if there 's anything you want do , madam , you have only to tell I . I I suppose you have be at manderley for many year -- longer than anyone else ? mrs . danver not so long as frith . he be here when the old gentleman be live -- when Mr. de Winter be a boy . I I see . and you do not come until after that ? mrs . danver I come here when the first Mrs. de Winter be a bride . I Mrs. danver , I -- I do hope we would be friend . ah , you must be patient with I . this sort of life be new to I , and I do want to make a success of it and make Mr. de Winter happy . so I know I can leave all the household arrangement to you . mrs . danver very well . I hope I shall do everything to you satisfaction , madam . I have manage the house since Mrs. de Winter 's death , and Mr. de Winter have never complain . I I think I will go downstairs now . mrs . danver that room in the West wing I be tell you about be there through that door . it 's not use now . it 's the most beautiful room in the house -- the only one that look down across the lawn to the sea . it be Mrs. de Winter 's room . frank good morning . I good morning . frank you be Mrs. de Winter , be not you ? I yes . frank uh -- my name 's crawley . I -- I manage the estate for maxim . awfully glad to meet you . fearful lot of stuff pile up while maxim be away . I yes , I -- I be sure there must have be . I -- I , I do wish I could help with some of it . maxim no , no -- Frank never allow anybody to help he . like a old mother hen with he bill and rent and tax . come on , Frank , we must go over this estimate . frank I will get my papers . maxim you will find quantity of breakfast over there . but you must eat it all , or cook will be mortally offended . I I will do my best , maxim . maxim I have to go over the place with Frank just to make sure he have not lose any of it . you will be all right , will not you ? I um-hum . maxim um-hum . get acquainted with you new home ? have a look at the Times -- there 's a thrill article on what 's the matter with English cricket . oh ... yes -- er -- ah , my sister , beatrice , and she husband , gile lacy , have invite themselves over for lunch . I today ? maxim yeah . I suppose the old girl can not wait to look you over . you will find she very direct . if she do not like you , she will probably tell you so to you face . do not worry , darling -- I will be back in time to protect you from she . Goodbye , darling . I Goodbye , maxim . frank Goodbye . I Goodbye . frith good morning , madam . I good morning , frith . frith be not there anything I could get for you , madam ? I oh . no , thank you , frith . I be -- really not very hungry . frith the -- paper , madam . I oh , yes . thank you , frith . frith madam ... I I slip . oh , thank you , frith . I it 's big , be not it ? frith yes , madam . manderley be a big place . this be the banquet hall in the old day . it 's still use on great occasion , such as a big dinner or a ball , and the public be admit here , you know , once a week . I that 's nice . frith I beg pardon , madam . I be afraid the fire be not usually light in the library until the afternoon . but you will find one in the morning room . of course , if you wish this fire light now , madam ... I oh , no , frith . I would not dream of it . frith Mrs. de Winter -- um-m -m -- I mean , the late Mrs. de Winter always do she correspondence and telephon in the morning room -- after breakfast . I thank you , frith . frith be there anything wrong , madam ? I oh -- no . oh -- which way be the morning room ? frith uh , it 's that door there on the leave . I oh , yes . thank you . I Mrs. de Winter ? oh , I be afraid you have make a mistake . Mrs. de Winter 's be dead for over a year . I oh -- I mean -- ah ... oh ... mrs . danver that be the house telephone , madam . probably the head gardener wishing instruction . I do you want to see I , Mrs. danver ? mrs . danver Mr. de Winter inform I that he sister , Mrs. lacy , and Major lacy be expect for luncheon . I would like to know if you approve of the menu . I oh -- well -- well , I -- I be sure it 's very suitable -- very -- very nice , indeed . mrs . danver you will notice , madam , that I have leave a blank space for the sauce . Mrs. de Winter be most particular about sauce . I ah -- let 's have whatever you think that Mrs. de Winter would have order . mrs . danver thank you , madam . when you have finish you letter , Robert will take they to the post . I my let -- my letter ? oh , yes . of course . thank you , Mrs. danver . beatrice how be you , frith ? frith good morning , Mrs. lacy . beatrice where 's Mr. de Winter ? frith I believe he go down to the farm with Mr. crawley . beatrice how tiresome of he not to be here when we arrive , and how typical ! beatrice I must say old danver keep the house look lovely . she certainly learn that trick of arrange flower from Rebecca . gile I wonder how she like it now -- be order about by a ex-chorus girl . beatrice now where on earth do you get the idea she 's a ex-chorus girl ? gile he pick she up in the South of France , do not he ? beatrice what if he do ? gile well -- I mean to say -- there you be . I how do you do ? I -- I be maxim 's wife . beatrice how do you do ? well , I must say you be quite different from what I expect . gile do not be so silly . she 's exactly what I tell you she would be . well -- how d' you like manderley ? I very beautiful , be not it ? beatrice and how do you get along with Mrs. danver ? I well , I -- I have never meet anyone quite like she before . gile you mean she scare you ? she 's not exactly a oil painting , be she ? beatrice gile , you be very much in the way here . go somewhere else . gile well , I will try and find maxim , shall I ? beatrice gile . I I -- I do not mean to say anything against Mrs. danver . it ... beatrice oh , there 's no need for you to be frighten about she . but I should not have any more to do with she than you can help . shall we sit down ? I oh , yes -- yes , please . beatrice you see , she 's bound to be insanely jealous at first and she must resent you bitterly . I but why should she ? beatrice do not you know ? I should have think maxim would have tell you . she simply adore Rebecca . beatrice how be you , Robert ? ROBERT quite well , thank you , madam . beatrice still have trouble with you tooth ? ROBERT unfortunately yes , madam . beatrice you must have they out -- all of they ! wretched nuisance , tooth . ROBERT thank you , madam . beatrice oh , a plateful ! gile do you hunt ? I no , I do not . I -- I be afraid I do not even ride . gile oh , have to ride down here . we all do . which do you ride -- side saddle or astride ? oh , yes , of course , I forget you do not , do you ? you must . nothing else to do down here . beatrice maxim , when're you go to have party here again like the old day ? maxim oh , I have not think about it . beatrice but everyone 's die to see you and ... maxim yes , I bet they be . beatrice why do not you have the masquerade ball again this summer ? maxim er ... beatrice my dear , be you fond of dance ? I oh , I love it , but I be not very good at it . gile do you rhumba ? I I have never try . gile you must teach I . I say , old boy , I be try to find out exactly what you wife do do . maxim ah ... she sketches a little . gile sketch ! not this modern stuff , I hope . you know -- portrait of a lamp shade upside down to represent a soul in torment . you do not sail , do you ? I no -- I do not . gile um hum , thank goodness for that ! huh ? beatrice you be very much in love with maxim , be not you ? yes , I have see you be . do not mind my say so , but why do not you do something about you hair ? why do not you have it cut or sweep it back behind you ear ? beatrice oh , no , that 's worse . what do maxim say about it ? do he like it like that ? I well , he never mention it . beatrice oh , well , do not go by I . I can see by the way you dress you do not care a hoot how you look . but I wonder maxim have not be at you . he 's so particular about clothes . I I do not think he ever notice what I wear . beatrice oh , well -- he must have change a lot then . you must not worry about old maxim and he mood . one never know what go on in that quiet mind of he . often he get into a terrible rage , and when he do -- ( whistle ) ... huh , but I do not suppose he will lose he temper with you . you seem such a placid little thing . gile come along , old girl . we have get to be on the first tee at three o'clock . beatrice all right . I be come . gile well , goodbye , maxim , old boy . beatrice Goodbye , my dear . forgive I for ask so many rude question . we both really hope you will be very happy . I oh , thank you , beatrice , thank you very much ! beatrice and I must congratulate you upon the way maxim look . we be very worried about he this time last year . but then , of course , you know the whole story . maxim Goodbye , beatrice . beatrice Goodbye , old boy . maxim well , thank heaven , they have go ! now we can have a walk about that place . look as though we might have a shower , but you will not mind that , will you ? I no , but wait a minute . I will run upstairs and get a coat . maxim there 's a heap of mackintosh in the flower room . Robert ! Robert , run and get a coat from the flower room for Mrs. de Winter , will you ? what do you think of beatrice ? I oh , I like she very much . but she keep say that I be quite different from what she expect . maxim well , what the devil do she expect ? I oh , someone -- smarter and more sophisticated , I be afraid . er ... d' you like my hair ? maxim you hair ? yes , of course , I do . what 's the matter with it ? I oh , I do not know . I just wonder . maxim how funny you be . maxim thank you . I do I have to put it on ? maxim yes , certainly , certainly , certainly . can not be too careful with child . come on , jasper ! come on and take some of that fat off ! maxim jasper ! here , not that way ! come here ! ( whistle ) I where do that lead to ? maxim oh , it lead to a little cove where we use to keep a boat . I oh , let 's go down there . maxim oh , no , it 's a perfectly dull and uninteresting stretch of sand -- just like any other . I oh , please . maxim well , all right -- we will -- walk down and take a look if you really want to . I that 's jasper . there must be something wrong . perhaps he 's hurt himself . maxim no , he 's all right . leave he alone . I do not you think I would better go and see ? maxim do not bother about he , I tell you ! he can not come to any harm ! he will find he own way back ! I jasper ! jasper ! oh , there you be . what do you want in there , jasper ? come on -- come on home -- let 's go home . jasper ! jasper ! I oh . I do not know that there be anybody . BEN I know that dog . he come fr' the house . he be not you own . I no , he 's -- he 's Mr. de Winter 's dog . have you anything I could -- I could tie he with ? I come here , jasper . BEN you will not tell anyone you see I in there , will ye ? I do not you belong on the estate ? BEN I war not doin ' nothin' . I be just puttin ' my shell away . she be go in the sea , be not she ? she will never come back no more . I no , she will never come back . come on . jasper . I maxim ! what 's the matter ? maxim ! I be sorry I be such a time , but I have to get a rope for jasper . maxim hurry up , jasper , for heaven 's sake ! I please wait for I ! maxim , what be it ? you look so angry ! maxim you know I do not want you to go there , but you deliberately go . I why not ? there be only a cottage down there , and a strange man who be ... maxim you do not go into the cottage , do you ? I yes . the door ... maxim well , do not go there again ! do you hear ? I well , why not ? maxim because I hate the place . and if you have my memory , you would not go there or talk about it or even think about it ! I what 's the matter ? oh , I be sorry . please ! maxim we should have stay away . we should never have come back to manderley . oh , what a fool I be ! I I have make you unhappy . somehow I have hurt you . oh , I can not bear to see you like this . because I love you so much . maxim do you ? do you ? ah , I have make you cry . forgive I . I sometimes seem to fly off the handle for no reason at all -- do not I ? come . we will go home and have some tea and forget all about it . I yes , let 's forget all about it . maxim here , let I have jasper . frank hello ! come in ! I oh , please do not get up , Mr. crawley . I -- I be just wonder if you mean what you say the other day about -- er -- show I the run of thing . frank of course , I do . I what be you do now ? frank notify all the tenant that in celebration of maxim 's return -- with he bride -- this week 's rent will be free . I oh , be that maxim 's idea ? frank oh , yes . all the servant get a extra week 's wage , too . I oh , he do not tell I . ( laugh ) oh , can not I help you ? I -- I could at least lick the stamp . frank that 's terribly nice of you . but , will not you sit down ? I oh , yes . thank you . I -- I be down at the cottage on the beach the other day . there be a man there -- a queer sort of person . jasper keep bark at he . frank oh , yes -- must have be ben. Excuse I . he 's quite harmless . we give he odd job now and then . I that cottage place seem to be go to rack and ruin . why be not something do about it ? frank oh , I think if maxim want anything do about it , he would tell I . I be that all Rebecca 's thing down there ? frank yes . yes , they be . I what do she use the cottage for ? frank the boat use to be moor near there . I what boat ? what happen to it ? be that the boat she be sailing in when she be drown ? frank yes . capsize and sink . she be wash overboard . I be not she afraid to go out like that alone ? frank she be not afraid of anything . I where do they find she ? frank near edgecombe -- about forty mile up channel about two month afterwards . maxim go up to identify she . it be horrible for he . I yes , it must have be . Mr. crawley , please do not think I morbidly curious . it be not that , it 's just that I feel at such a disadvantage . all the time whenever I meet anyone -- maxim 's sister , or even the servant -- I know they be all think the same thing . they be all compare I with she -- with Rebecca . frank oh , you must not think that . I can not tell you how glad I be that you marry maxim . it 's go to make all the difference to he life . and , from my point of view , it -- it 's very refresh to find someone like yourself who be not entirely -- in tune , shall we say , with manderley . I that 's very sweet of you . I daresay I -- I have be stupid , but everyday I realize the thing that she have and that I lack -- beauty , and wit , and intelligence , and all the thing that be so important in a woman . frank you have quality that be just as important -- more important , if I may say so . kindliness , and sincerity , and if you will forgive I , modesty -- mean more to a husband than all the wit and beauty in the world . we none of we want to live in the past . maxim least of all . it 's up to you , you know , to lead we away from it . I well , I promise you I will not bring this up again , but before we end this conversation , would you answer just one more question ? frank if it 's something I be able to answer , I will -- in my best . I tell I , what be Rebecca really like ? frank I suppose -- I suppose she be the most beautiful creature I ever see . I good evening , maxim . maxim hello . the film of the honeymoon have arrive at last . do we have time , do you think , before dinner ? what on earth have you do to yourself ? I oh , nothing . I -- I just order a new dress from London . I hope you do not mind . maxim oh , no , no . only -- do you think that sort of thing be right for you ? it do not seem you type at all . I I think you would like it . maxim and what have you do to you hair ? ( laugh ) oh , I see . oh , dear -- oh , dear -- oh , dear -- I be sorry . ( laugh ) you look lovely -- lovely . that 's very nice -- for a change . shall we see this picture ? I yes . I -- I would love to see they . maxim ah , look now . ah , look at that . I be not it wonderful , darling . can not we go back there someday ? maxim ( laugh ) yes , of course -- of course . ah , look at you . there , will not we grandchild be delighted when they see how lovely you be ? I oh , look at you . maxim eh -- ( laugh ) -- oh , this ... oh , I ... I oh , I like that . ( laugh ) look at that . maxim ( laugh ) yes , very nice . I oh , remember that ? maxim yes . I oh , I wish we honeymoon could have last forever , maxim . maxim oh , dash it , look . oh -- oh -- oh -- hang it . thread it up wrong as usual , or something . maxim yes , frith . what be it ? frith Excuse I , sir . May I have a word with you ? maxim yes . come in . frith it 's about Robert , sir . there 's be a slight unpleasantness between he and Mrs. danver . maxim oh , dear . frith Robert be very upset . maxim oh , this be trouble . what be it ? frith it appear that Mrs. danver have accuse Robert of steal a valuable ornament from the morning room . Robert deny the accusation most emphatically , sir . maxim what be the thing , anyway ? frith China cupid , sir . maxim oh , dear , that 's one of we treasure , be not it ? well , tell Mrs. danver to get to the bottom of it somehow and tell she I be sure it be not Robert . frith very good , sir . maxim why do they come to I with this thing ? that 's you job , sweetheart . I maxim , I -- I want to tell you , but -- er -- well , I forget . fact be -- I break the china cupid . maxim you break it ! now why on earth do not you say something about it when frith be here ? I I -- I do not know . I -- I do not like to . I -- I be afraid he would think I a fool . maxim well , he will think you be much more of a fool now . you will have to explain to he and Mrs. danver . I oh , no , maxim . you do it . I will -- I will go upstairs . maxim do not be such a little idiot , darling . anybody would think you be afraid of they . maxim it 's all a mistake , Mrs. danver . apparently Mrs. de Winter break the cupid herself and forget to say anything about it . I I be so sorry . I -- I never think that I would get Robert into trouble . mrs . danver be it possible to repair the ornament , madam ? I no , I be afraid it be not . it -- be smashed into piece . maxim what do you do with the piece ? I well , I -- I put they -- at the back of one of the drawer in the write desk . maxim ah , it look as though Mrs. de Winter be afraid you be go to put she in prison , do not it , Mrs. danver ? well , never mind . do what you can to find the piece , see if they can be mend and above all , tell rovert to dry he tear . mrs . danver I shall apologize to Robert , of course . perhaps if such a thing happen again , Mrs. de Winter will tell I personally and I ... maxim yes , yes . all right . thank you , Mrs. danver . maxim well , I suppose that clip will hold all right , I do not know . I I be awfully sorry , darling . it be very careless of I . Mrs. danver must be furious with I . maxim oh , hang Mrs. danver . why on earth should you be frighten of she ? you behave more like a ... upstairs may or something , not like the mistress of the house at all . I yes , I know I do . but -- I feel so uncomfortable . I -- I try my best every day , but -- it 's very difficult with people look up and down as if I be a prize cow . maxim well , what do it matter if they do ? you must remember that life at manderley be the only thing that interest anybody down here . I what a slap in the eye I must have be to they , then . I suppose that 's why you marry I . because you know I be dull and gauche and inexperienced , and -- there could never be any gossip about I . maxim gossip ? what do you mean ? I I -- I do not know . I -- I just say it for something to say . do not look at I like that . maxim , what 's the matter ? what have I say ? maxim it be not a very attractive thing to say , be it ? I no . it be rude -- hateful . maxim I wonder if I do a very selfish thing in marring you . I how do you mean ? maxim I be not much of a companion to you , be I ? you do not get much fun , do you ? you ought to have marry a boy , someone of you own age . I maxim , why do you say this ? of course we be companion . maxim be we ? I do not know . I be very difficult to live with . I no , you be not difficult . you be easy , very easy . we marriage be a success , be not it ? a great success . we be happy , be not we ? terribly happy ? if you do not think we be happy , it would be much better if you do not pretend . I will go away . why do not you answer I ? maxim how can I answer you , when I do not know the answer myself ? if you say we be happy , let 's leave it at that . happiness be something I know nothing about . maxim oh , look . there 's the one when I leave the camera run on the tripod , remember ? hilda pardon I , madam . be there anything I can do for you ? I I be all right , hilda . thank you very much . hilda I will bring the sandwich immediately , madam . I hilda ! hilda yes , madam ? I the West wing . nobody ever use it any more , do they ? hilda no , madam , not since the death of Mrs. de Winter . mrs . danver come along , Mr. Jack , or someone may see you . favel well , Danny , old harpy , it 's be good to see you again . it should be breathless to pick up all the news . mrs . danver I really do not think it 's wise for you to come here , Mr. Jack . I jasper , come here ! favel oh , nonsense , nonsence . it 's just like come back home . mrs . danver quiet , Mr. Jack . favel yes . we must be careful not to shock cinderella , must not we ? mrs . danver she 's in the morning room . if you leave through the garden door , she will not see you . favel I must say I feel a little like the poor relation , sneaking around through back door . well , toodle - oo , Danny . mrs . danver Goodbye , Mr. Jack , and please be careful . I jasper , quiet , quiet ! favel look for I ? oh , I do not make you jump , do I ? I no , of course not . I do not quite know who it be . favel yes . you be pleased to see I , be not you , old boy ? I be glad there 's someone in the family to welcome I back to manderley . and how be dear old Max ? I very well , thank you . favel I hear he go up to London -- leave he little bride all alone . that 's too bad . be not he rather afraid that somebody might come down and carry you off ? favell Danny , all you precaution be in vain . the mistress of the house be hide behind the door . oh -- hhh -- what about present I -- to the bride ? mrs . danver this be Mr. favel , madam . I how do you do ? favel how do you do ? I well , will not you have some tea , or something ? favel oh , now , be not that a charming invitation ? I have be ask to stay to tea , Danny , and I have a good mind to accept . oh , well , perhaps you be right . pity , just when we be get on so nicely . we must not lead the young bride astray , must we , jasper ? Goodbye , it 's be fun meeting you . oh , by the way , er -- it would be very decent of you if you do not mention this little visit to you revere husband . he -- er -- do not exactly approve of I . I very well . favel that 's very sport of you . I wish I have a young bride of three month wait for I at home . I be just a lonely old bachelor . fare thee well . oh , and -- er -- I know what be wrong with that introduction . Danny do not tell you , do she ? I be Rebecca 's favorite cousin . toodle -oo ! mrs . danver do you wish anytihg , madam ? I I do not expect to see you , Mrs. danver . I -- I notice that a window be not close , and I come up to see if I could fasten it . mrs . danver why do you say that ? I close it before I leave the room . you open it yourself , do not you ? you have always want to see this room , have not you , madam ? why do you never ask I to show it to you ? I be ready to show it to you every day . it 's a lovely room , be not it ? loveliest room you have ever see . everything be keep just as Mrs. de Winter like it . nothing have be alter since that last night . come . I will show you she dress room . mrs . danver this be where I keep all she clothes . you would like to see they , would not you ? mrs . danver feel this . it be a Christmas present from Mr. de Winter . he be always give she expensive gift , the whole year round . I keep she underwear on this side . mrs . danver they be make specially for she by the nun in the convent of St. Claire . I always use to wait up for she , no matter how late . sometimes she and Mr. de Winter do not come home until dawn . while she be undress , she would tell I about the party she would be to . she know everyone that matter , everyone love she ! when she would finish she bath , she would go into the bedroom , and go over to the dress table . mrs . danver oh , you have move she brush , have not you ? there , that 's better , just as she always laid it down . ' come on , Danny , hair drill , ' she would say . and I would stand behind she like this and brush away for twenty minute at a time . then she would say , ' good night , Danny , ' and step into she bed . mrs . danver I embroider this case for she myself , and I keep it here always . mrs . danver do you ever see anything so delicate ? look , you can see my hand . mrs . danver you would not think she would be go so long , would you . sometimes when I walk along the corridor , I fancy I hear she just behind I -- that quick , light step . I could not mistake it anywhere . not only this room - - it 's all the room in the house . I almost hear it now . do you think the dead come back and watch the live ? I no -- no ! I do not believe it ! mrs . danver sometimes , I wonder if she do not come back here to manderley , watch you and Mr. de Winter together . you look tired . why do not you stay here a while and rest . listen to the sea . so soothing ... listen to it ... listen ... listen to the sea . I tell Mrs. danver I wish to see she immediately . mrs . danver you send for I , madam ? I yes , Mrs. danver . I want you to get rid of all this thing . mrs . danver this be Mrs. de Winter 's thing . I I be Mrs. de Winter now . mrs . danver very well . I will give the instruction . I just a moment , please . Mrs. danver , I intend to say nothing to Mr. de Winter about Mr. favell 's visit . in fact , I prefer to forget everything that happen this afternoon . I maxim , maxim . you have be go all day . maxim ( laugh ) chock . I oh . maxim ( laugh ) well , well , well . what have you be do with yourself ? I oh , I have be think . maxim oh , what do you want to do that for ? I well , come in here and I will tell you . darling , could we have a costume ball just as you use to ? maxim now what put that idea into you mind ? have beatrice be at you ? I no , no , but -- I feel that we ought to do something to -- to make people feel that manderley be just the same as it always be . oh , please , darling . could we ? maxim you do not know what it would mean , you know . you would have to be hostress to hundred of people -- all the County . and a lot of young people would come up from London and turn the house into a night club . I oh , yes , but I want to , oh , please ! I have never be to a large party , but I could learn what to do . and I promise you , you would not be ashamed of I . maxim all right , if you think you would enjoy it . you would better get Mrs. danver to help you , have not you ? I no , no . I do not need Mrs. danver to help I . I can do it myself . maxim all right , my sweet . I oh -- oh , thank you , darling . thank you . oh , well -- what will you go as ? maxim oh , I never dress up . that 's the one privilege I claim as the host . what will you be ? Alice in wonderland with that ribbon in you hair ? I no , I will not tell you . I will design a costume all by myself and give you the surprise of you life ! I come in ! mrs . danver Robert find this sketches in the library , madam . do you intend throw they away ? I yes , Mrs. danver , I do . they be just my idea I be sketching for my costume for the Ball . mrs . danver have not Mr. de Winter suggest anything ? I no , I want to surprise he . I do not want he to know anything about it . mrs . danver I merely think that -- you might find a costume among the family portrait that would suit you . I oh , you mean that at the top of the stair ? I will go and look at they . mrs . danver this one , for instance . it might have be design for you . I be sure you could have it copy . I have hear Mr. de Winter say that this be he favorite of all the painting . it 's Lady caroline de Winter , one of he ancestor . I oh , well -- well , well that 's a splendid idea , Mrs. danver . I -- I be very grateful . frank everything under control , frith ? frirth yes , sir . thank you . Excuse I , sir -- be you suppose to be a -- school -master ? frank oh , no . this be just my old cap and gown . frith certainly make a very nice costume , sir . and -- economical , too . frank yes . that be the idea . gile ' even , Robert ! not very good weather for the Ball ? ROBERT no , sir . gile very misty on the way . very chilly . beatrice oh , this wig 's so tight , they ought to have send a asperin with this . maxim huh , hello . beatrice oh ! maxim what 's the idea ? Adam and Eve ? beatrice oh , maxim , do not be disgusting . gile strong man , old man . where 's my weight thing ? maxim what thing ? beatrice you have not leave it in the car , have you ? gile oh . no , there it be . beatrice you the first one down ? where 's the child ? maxim well , she 's keep she costume a great secret . would not even let I into she room . beatrice oh , lovely . I will go up and give she a hand . gile huh , I could do with a drink , huh ? maxim wo not you catch cold in that thing ? gile do not be silly . pure wool , old boy . ROBERT pardon I , sir . you forget this . gile oh , thank you . beatrice here I be , dear . it 's bee . I have come to give you a hand . I oh , please do not come in , beatrice . I do not want anyone to see my costume . beatrice oh ! oh , you will not be long , will you ? because the first people will be arrive any moment . I now , you be sure that 's where that should be ? clarice yes , madam . it 's just right . I oh , be not it exciting ! clarice indeed it be , madam . I have always hear of the manderley Ball . now I be really go to see one . sure there will be no one there to touch you , madam . I do you really think so ? now -- now where 's my fan ? now , you be sure I look all right ? clarice you look ever so beautiful . I well -- here go ! I good evening . Mr. de Winter . maxim what the devil do you think you be do ? beatrice Rebecca ! oh ! I but , i -- i -- it 's the picture -- the -- the one in the gallery . what be it ? what have I do ? maxim go and take it off . do not matter what you put on . anything will do . what be you stand there for ? do not you hear what I say ? ROBERT Sir George and Lady Moore . Dudley tennant . Admiral and Lady burbank . mrs . danver I watch you go down , just as I watch she a year ago . even in the same dress you could not compare . I you know it . you know that she wear it , and yet you deliberately suggest I wear it ! why do you hate I ? what have I do to you that you should hate I so ? mrs . danver you try to take she place . you let he marry you . I have see he face , he eye . they be the same as that first week after she die . I use to listen to he -- walk up and down , up and down , all night long , night after night -- think of she , suffer torture because he would lose she . I I do not want to know ! mrs . danver you think you could be Mrs. de Winter -- live in she house , walk in she step , take the thing that be hers . but she 's too strong for you . you can not fight she . no one ever get the better of she , never , never ! she be beat in the end , but it be not a man , it be not a woman -- it be the sea . I stop it ! stop it -- oh , stop it ! mrs . danver you be overwrought , madam . I have open a window for you . a little air will do you good . mrs . danver why do not you go ? why do not you leave manderley ? he do not need you . he 's get he memory . he do not love you , he want to be alone again with she . you have nothing to stay for . you have nothing to live for , really , have you ? look down there . it 's easy , be not it ? why do not you ? why do not you ? go on ... go on ... do not be afraid . crowd ship wreck ! ship on the rock ! it 's a ship aground , send up rocket ! ship wreck ! come on , everybody -- down to the bay ! notify the coast guard ! she 's aground ! I maxim ! maxim ! crowd ship 's ashore ! come on ! come on , everybody ! come on ! come on ! I maxim ! maxim ! I oh ! Ben , have you see Mr. de Winter anywhere ? BEN she will not come back , will she ? you say so . I who , Ben ? who do you mean ? BEN uh -- the other one . I oh -- Frank , have you see maxim anywhere ? frank not since about half a hour ago . I think he would go up to the house . I no , he have not be in the house at all , and I be afraid something might have happen to he . Frank , what 's the matter ? be anything wrong ? there be something wrong . frank well -- the diver who go down to inspect the bottom of the ship come across the hull of another boat -- a little sailboat . I Frank , be it ... ? frank yes , it 's Rebecca 's . I how do they recognize it ? frank he 's a local man -- know it instantly . I it will be so hard on poor maxim . frank yes , it 's go to bring it all back again -- and worse than before . I why do they have to find it ? why could not they have leave it there in peace at the bottom of the sea ? frank well , I -- would better get along and arrange some breakfast for the man . I all right , Frank . I -- I will go and look for maxim . maxim hello . I maxim ! you have not have any sleep . have you forgiven I ? maxim forgiven you ? what have I get to forgive you for ? I for last night -- my stupidity about the costume . maxim oh , that . I would forget . I be angry with you , be not I ? I huh ... maxim , can not we start all over again ? I do not ask that you should love I . I will not ask impossible thing . I will be you friend , you companion . I -- I will be happy with that . maxim you love I very much , do not you ? but it 's too late , my darling . we have lose we little chance of happiness . I no , maxim , no . maxim yes . it 's all over now . the thing 's happen . the thing I have dread day after day -- night after night . I maxim , what be you try to tell I ? maxim Rebecca have win . her shadow have be between we all the time , keep we from one another . she know that this would happen . I what be you say ? maxim they send a diver down . he find another boat . I yes , I know . Frank tell I . Rebecca 's boat . oh , it 's terrible for you . I be so sorry . maxim the diver make another discovery . break one of the port and look into the cabin . there be a body in there . I she be not alone . there be someone sailing with she and you have to find out who it be . that 's it , be not it , maxim ? maxim you do not understand . there be no one with she . it 's Rebecca 's body lie there on the cabin floor . I no , no . maxim the woman that be wash up at edgecombe -- the woman that be now bury in tha family crypt -- that be not Rebecca . that be the body of some unknown woman , unclaim , belong nowhere . I identify it , but I know it be not Rebecca . it be all a lie . I know where Rebecca 's body be . lying on that cabin floor , on the bottom of the sea . I how do you know , maxim ? maxim because I put it there . maxim would you look into my eye and tell I that you love I now ? you see ? I be right . it 's too late . I no , it 's not too late . you be not to say that . I love you more than anything in the world . oh , please , maxim , kiss I , please . maxim no . it 's no use . it 's too late . I we can not lose each other now . we must be together always . no secret , no shadow ... maxim no . we may have a few day -- a few hour . I maxim , why do not you tell I before ? maxim I nearly do sometimes , but you never seem close enough . I how could we be close when I know you be always think of Rebecca ? how could I even ask you to love I when I know you love Rebecca still ? maxim what be you talk about ? what do you mean ? I whenever you touch I , I -- I know you be compare I with Rebecca . whenever you look at I or speak to I or walk with I in the garden , I know you be think -- ' this , I do with Rebecca -- and this -- and this -- . ' oh , it 's true , be not it ? maxim you think I love Rebecca ? you think that ? I hate she ! maxim oh , I be carry away by she , enchange by she , as everyone be . and when I be marry , I be tell I be the luckiest man in the world .. she be so lovely -- so accomplish -- so amusing . ' she 's get the three thing that really matter in a wife , ' everyone say -- ' breeding , brain , and beauty . ' and I believe they -- completely . but I never have a moment 's happiness with she . she be incapable of love , or tenderness , or decency . I you do not love she ? you do not love she ? maxim do you remember that cliff where you first see I in monte Carlo ? well , I go there with Rebecca on we honeymoon . that be where I find out about she -- four day after we be marry . she stand there laugh , she black hair blow in the wind , and tell I all about herself -- everything . thing I will never tell a live soul . I want to kill she . it would have be so easy . remember the precipice ? I frighten you , do not I ? you think I be mad . perhaps I be . perhaps I be mad . it would not make for sanity , would it -- live with the devil ? ' I will make a bargain with you , ' she say . ' you would look rather foolish try to divorce I now after four day of marriage , so I will play the part of a devote wife , mistress of you precious manderley . I will make it the most famous showplace in England , if you like . and people will visit we and envy we and say we be the luckiest , happiest couple in the country . what a grand joke it will be -- what a triumph ! ' I should never have accept she dirty bargain , but I do I of course I can , darling . of course I can . maxim well -- I keep the bargain , and so do she apparently . oh , she play the game brilliantly . but after a while , she begin to grow careless . she take a flat in London and she would stay away for day at a time . then she start to bring she friend down here . I warn she , but she shrugge she shoulder . ' what 's it get to do with you ? ' she say . she even start on Frank -- poor , faithful Frank . then there be a cousin of hers -- a man name favell . I yes , I know he . he come the day you go to London . maxim why do not you tell I ? I I do not like to . I -- I think it would remind you of -- Rebecca . maxim remind I ! as if I need remind ! favell use to visit she here in this cottage . I find out about it and I warn she that if he come here again I would shoot they both . one night when I find that she would come back quietly from London , I think that favell be with she -- and I know then that I could not stand this life of filth and deceit any longer . I decide to come down here and have it out with both of they . but she be alone . she be expect favell , but he have not come . she be lie on the divan , a large tray of cigarette stub beside she . she look ill -- queer . suddenly she get up -- start to walk toward I . " when I have a child , " she say , " neither you nor anyone else could ever prove it be not yours . you would like to have a heir , would not you , Max , for you precious manderley ? " and then she start to laugh . " how funny , how supremely , wonderfully funny ! I will be the perfect mother just as I have be the perfect wife . no one will ever know . it ought to give you the thrill of you life , Max , to watch I but you do not kill she . it be a accident ! maxim who would believe I ? I lose my head . I just know I have to do something -- anything . I carry she out to the boat . it be very dark . there be no moon . I put she in the cabin . when the boat seem a safe distance from the shore , I take a spike and drive it again and again through the planking of the hull . I open up the seacock and the water begin to come in fast . I climb over into the dinghy and pull away . I see the boat heel over -- and sink . I pull back into the cove . huh , start raining . I maxim , do anyone else know of this ? maxim no , no one except you and I . I we must explain it . it 's get to be the body of someone you have never see before . maxim no , they be bound to know she -- she ring , bracelet she always wear . they will identify she body . then they will remember the other woman -- the other woman bury in the crypt . I if they find out it be Rebecca , you must simply say that you make a mistake about the other body -- that the day you go to edgecombe you be ill , you do not know what you be do . Rebecca 's dead . she can not speak , she can not bear witness , she can not harm you anymore . we be the only two people in the world that know , maxim , you and I . maxim I tell you once that I would do a very selfish thing in marrying you . you understand now what I mean . I have love you , my darling . I shall always love you . but I have know all along -- that Rebecca -- would win in the end . I no , no ! she have not win ! no matter what happen now , she have not win ! maxim Hell -- hel -- oh -- hel -- hello , Frank . hello , Frank . yes . who? Colonel julyan ? yes , tell he I -- I will meet he there as soon as I possibly can . what ? well , say we could talk about that , when we be sure about the matter . I what 's happen ? maxim Colonel julyan call . he 's the Chief constable of the County . he 's be ask by the police to go to the mortuary . he want to know if I could possibly have make a mistake -- about that other body . maxim well -- Colonel julyan , apparently I do make a mistake about that other body . frank the mistake be quite natural under the circumstance . besides , you be not well at the time . maxim that 's nonsense ! I be perfectly well . col . julyan well , do not let it worry you , maxim . nobody can blame you for make a mistake . pity be you have get to go through the same thing all over again . frank what do you mean ? col . julyan oh , there will have to be another inquest , of course . same formality and red tape . frank oh. col . julyan I wish you could be spare the publicity of it , but I be afraid that 's impossible . maxim oh , yes . publicity ... col . julyan I suppose Mrs. de Winter go below for something and a squall hit the boat -- with nobody at the helm . I imagine that 's about the sloution of it , do not you think , crawley ? frank oh , yes . probably the door jamme , and she could not get on deck again . col . julyan yeah . tabb , boat builder , will undoubtedly come to some such conclusion . frank why would -- what would he know about it ? col . julyan well , he 's examine the boat now . purely as a matter of routine you know . I will be at the inquest tomorrow , maxim . quite unofficially , you know . we must get together for a game of golf as soon as it 's all over , eh ? maxim yes . col . julyan bye-bye . frith I have the evening papers , madam . would you care to see they ? I oh , no , thank you , frith . and , I prefer that Mr. de Winter be not troubled with they either . frith oh , I understand , madam . permit I to say that we be all most distress outside . I oh , thank you , frith . frith I be afraid the news have be a great shock to Mrs. danver . I yes , I -- I rather expect it would be . frith it seem there 's to be a coroner 's inquest , madam ? I yes , frith . it 's -- it 's purely a formality . frith of course , madam . I - I want to say that if any of we might be require to give evidence , I should be only too pleased to do anything that might help the family . I oh , thank you , frith . I -- I be sure Mr. de Winter will be very happy to hear it . but -- I do not think anything will be necessary . I maxim ! maxim hello , darling . I oh , maxim -- I be -- I be worried about what you will do at the inquest tomorrow . maxim what do you mean ? I you will not lose you temper , will you ? promise I that they -- they will not make you angry . maxim all right , darling . I promise . I no matter what he ask you -- you -- you will not lose you head . maxim do not worry , dear . I they can not do anything at once , can they ? maxim no. I then we have a little time leave to be together ? maxim yes . I I want to go to the inquest with you . maxim I would rather you do not , darling . I but I can not wait here alone . I promise you I -- I will not be any -- any trouble to you , and -- I must be near you so that no matter what happen we -- we win ' -- we will not be separate for a moment . maxim all right , dear . I do not mind this whole thing , except for you . I can not forget what it 's do to you . I have be think of nothing else since it happen . ah , it 's go forever -- that funny , young , lose look I love . it will not ever come back . I kill that when I tell you about Rebecca . it 's go . in a few hour -- you have grow so much older . I oh , maxim , maxim ... policeman Black Jack brady be he name -- the most important arrest I ever make . it must have be about two year ago , now . of course , there be no doubt about it . he be hang a month after I catch he . hello , wait a minute . policeman they have get old balmy Ben up now . coroner you remember the late Mrs. de Winter , do not you ? BEN she 's go . coroner yes , we know that . BEN she go in the sea . the sea get she . coroner that 's right . that 's right . now -- we want you to tell we whether you be on the shore that last night she go sailing . BEN eh ? coroner be you on the shore that last night she go out , when she do not come back ? BEN I do not see nothin ' ! I do not want to go to the asylum . they cruel folk there . coroner now , nobody 's go to send you to the asylum . all we want you to do be to tell we what you see . BEN I do not see nothin' . coroner come , come , do you see Mrs. de Winter get into she boat that last night ? BEN I do not know nothin' . I do not want to go to the asylum . coroner very well , you may go . BEN eh ? coroner you may go now . coroner Mr. tabb . tabb yes , sir . coroner would you step forward , please ? tabb I do . coroner the late Mrs. de Winter use to send she boat to you shipyard for recondition . tabb that 's right , sir . coroner can you remember any occasion when she have any sort of accident with the boat ? tabb no , sir . I often say Mrs. de Winter be a bear sailor . coroner now , when Mrs. de Winter go below , as be suppose , and a sudden guest of wind come down , that would be enough to capsize the boat , would not it ? tabb Excuse I , sir . but there 's a little more to it than that . coroner what do you mean , Mr. tabb ? tabb I mean , sir , the seacock . coroner what be the seacock ? tabb seaco -- oh . oh , the seacock be the valve to drain out the boat . and they be always keep tight close when you be afloat . coroner yes ? tabb well , yesterday , when I examine that boat , I find they would be open . coroner well , what could have be the reason for that ? tabb just this . that 's what flood the boat and sink she . coroner be you imply ... tabb that boat never capsize at all . I know it 's a terrible thing to say , sir , but in my opinion she be scuttle . and there 's they ' ole . coroner what hole ? tabb in'er planking . coroner what be you talk about ? tabb of course that boat 's be under water for over a year , and tide 's be knock she against the ridge . but it seemd to I they ' ole look as if she would make they from the inside . coroner then you believe she must have do it deliberately ? tabb could not have be no accident . not with she knowledge of boat . coroner you know the former Mrs. de Winter very well , I believe ? col . julyan oh , yes . coroner would you have believe she capable of suicide ? col . julyan no. frankly , I would not . you never can tell . coroner you may stand down , Mr. tabb . Mr. de Winter , please . coroner I be sorry to drag you back for further question , Mr. de Winter , but you have hear the statement of Mr. tabb . I wonder if you can help we in any way ? maxim I be afraid not . coroner can you think of any reason why there should be hole in the planking of the late Mrs. de Winter 's boat ? maxim well , of course , I can not think of any reason . coroner have anyone ever discuss this hole with you before ? maxim well , since the boat have be at the bottom of the ocean , I scarcely think that likely . coroner Mr. de Winter , I want you to believe we all feel very deeply for you in this matter , but you must remember that I do not conduct this inquiry for my own amusement . maxim that 's rather obvious , be not it ? coroner I hope that it be . then , since Mrs. de Winter go sailing alone , be we to believe that she drive that hole herself ? maxim you be to believe what you like . coroner can you enlighten we as to why Mrs. de Winter should have want to end she own life ? maxim I know of no reason whatever . coroner Mr. de Winter , however painful it may be , I have to ask you a very personal question . be relation between you and the late Mrs. de Winter perfectly happy ? be relation between you and the late Mrs. de Winter perfectly happy ? maxim I will not stand this any longer ! and you might as well know now ... coroner we will return after lunch . Mr. de Winter , I presume you will be available for we then ? maxim I tell you you should have have some breakfast . you be hungry -- that 's what 's the matter with you . mullen Mr. frith think you might like to have some lunch from the house , and send I with it . maxim oh , that 's fine , mullen . can you pull around the corner ? mullen very good . I awfully foolish of I fainting like that . maxim nonsense . if you have not faint like that , I would have really lose my temper . I darling , please be careful . maxim darling , wait here a few moment . I will see if I can find old Frank . I of course , darling . do not worry about I . I will be all right . maxim sure ? here . have a spot of this . do you good . I thank you . maxim be you all right ? I yes , of course . maxim I will not be long . I right you be . favell hello . and how do the bride find herself today ? I say , marriage with Max be not exactly a bed of rose , be it ? I I think you would better go before maxim get back . favell oh , jealous , be he ? well , I can not say I blame he . but you do not think I be the big bad wolf , do you ? I be not , you know . I be a perfectly ordinary , harmless bloke . and I think you be behave splendedly over all this . perfectly splendedly . you know , you have grow up a bit since I last see you . it 's no wonder ... maxim what do you want , favell ? favell oh , hello , Max . thing be go pretty well for you , be not they ? better than you ever expect . I be rather worried about you at first . that 's why I come down to the inquest . maxim well , I be touch by you solicitude , but if you do not mind , we would rather like to have we lunch . favell lunch ! I say , what a jolly idea ! Rather like a picnic , be not it ? favell oh , I be so sorry . do you mind if I put this there . you know , Max , old boy , I really think I ought to talk thing over with you . maxim talk what thing over ? favell well , that hole in the planking for one thing -- that hole that be drill from the inside . oh , mullen ! mullen yes , sir ? favell would you , like a good fellow , have my car fill with petrol ? it 's almost empty . mullen very good , sir . favell and , mullen , close the door , will you ? mullen yes , sir . favell do this bother you ? you know , old boy , I have a strong feel that before the day be out , somebody 's go to make use of that -- er -- rather expressive , though somewhat old - fashon term , " foul play . " be - - be I boring you with all this ? no? good ! well , you see , Max , I find myself in a rather awkward position . you have only get to read this note to understand . it 's from Rebecca . and , what 's more , she have the foresight to put the date on it . she write it to I the day she die . incidentally , I be out on a party that night . so I do not get it until the next day . maxim what make you think that note would interest I ? favell oh , I be not to bother you with the content now , but I can assure you that it be not the note of a woman who intend to drow herself that same night . by the way , what do you do with old bone ? bury they , eh what ? however , for the time be -- you know , Max , I be get awfully feed up with my job as a motor- car salesman . I do not know if you have ever experience the feel of drive a expensive motor - car that be not you own . but it can be very , very exasperate . you know what I mean . you want to own the car yourself . I have often wonder what it would be like to -- retire to the country , have a nice little place with a few acre of shoot . I never figure out what it would cost a year , but I would like to talk about it with you . I would like to have you advice on how to live comfortably without hard work . frank hello , favell . you look for I , maxim ? maxim yes . Mr. favell and I have a little business transaction on hand . I think we have better conduct it over at the Inn . they may have a private room there . favell oh , see you later . maxim find Colonel julyan . tell he I want to see he immediately . come on , favell . let 's go . maxim ah -- have you a private room , please ? proprietor of course , sir . through there , sir . maxim oh , thank you . proprietor hope this will do , Mr. de Winter . favell it 's splendid -- splendid -- exactly like the ritz . proprietor ( laugh ) any order , gent ? favell yes , you might bring I a large brandy and soda . how about you , Max ? have one on I . I feel I can afford to play host . maxim oh , thanks . I do not mind if I do . favell make it two , will you , like a good fellow ? proprietor very good , sir . col . julyan where 's Mr. de Winter ? proprietor oh , through the other door , sir . maxim Colonel julyan . this be Mr. favell . favell oh , I know Colonel julyan . we be old friend , be not we ? maxim since you be old friend , I assume you also know that he 's head of the police here . I think he might be interested to hear you proposition . go on , tell he all about it . favell I do not know what you mean . I merely say I hope to give up sell car and retire into the country . maxim actually he offer to withhold a vital piece of evidence from the inquest if I make it worth he while . favell I only want to see justice do , Colonel . now that boat builder 's evidence suggest certain possible theory concern Rebecca 's death . one of they , of course , be suicide . now , I have a little note here which I consider put that possibility quite out of court . read it , Colonel . col . julyan Jack , darling . I have just see the doctor and I be go down to manderley right away . I shall be at the cottage all this evening , and shall leave the door open for you . I have something terribly important to tell you . Rebecca . favell now , do that look like the note from a woman who have make up she mind to kill herself ? and , apart from that , Colonel , do you mean to tell I that if you want to commit suicide , you would go to all the trouble of put out to sea in a boat , and then take a hammer and chisel and laboriously knock hole through the bottom of it ? come , colonel -- as a officer of the law , do not you feel that there be some slight grounds for suspicion ? col . julyan of murder ? favell what else ? you have know Max a long time , so you will know he 's the old - fashioned type who would die to defend he honor or who would kill for it . frank it 's blackmail -- pure and simple ! col . julyan blackmail 's not so pure nor so simple . it can bring a lot of trouble to a great many people . and the blackmailer sometimes find himself in jail at the end of it . favell oh , I see . you be go to hold de Winter 's hand through all this , just because he 's the big noise around here , and he 's actually permit you to dine with he . col . julyan be careful , favell . you have bring a accusation of murder . have you any witness ? favell I do have a witness . col . julyan oh . favell it 's that fellow Ben . if stupid coroner have not be as much of a snob as you be , he would have see that half - wit be hide something . col . julyan and why should Ben do that ? favell because we catch he once , Rebecca and I , peer at we through the cottage window . Rebecca threaten he with the asylum . that 's why he be afraid to speak . but he be always hang about and he must have see this whole thing . frank it 's ridiculous even listen to all this . favell ah . you be like a little trade union , all of you , be not you ? and if my guess be right , crawley , there 's a bit of malice in you soul toward I , be not there ? crawley do not have much success with Rebecca , but -- er -- he ought to have more luck this time . the bride will be grateful for you fraternal arm , crawley , in a week of so . every time she faint , in fact ... col . julyan De Winter ! De Winter ! I maxim , please ! favell that temper of yours will do you in yet , Max . proprietor oh -- ah , excuse I , gentleman . now , be there anything else ? favell yes . you might bring Mr. de Winter a sedative . col . julyan no , no . nothing at all . just leave we . proprietor very good , sir . col . julyan now , favell , let 's get this business over . as you seem to have work out the whole thing so carefully , perhaps you can provide we also with a motive ? favell ah , I know you be go to bring that up , Colonel . I have read enough detective storey to know there must always be a motive . and , if you will all excuse I a moment , I will supply that , too . maxim I wish you would go home . you ought not to be here through all this . I please let I stay , maxim . frank surely , Colonel julyan , you be not go to allow this fellow to ... col . julyan my opinion of favell be no higher than yours , crawley . but in my official capacity I have no alternative but to pursue he accusation . favell I entirely agree with you , Colonel . in a matter as serious as this we should make sure of every point -- explore every avenue and , in fact , if I may coin a phrase , leave no stone unturned . favell ah , here she be -- miss link -- the witness who will help supply the motive ! Colonel julyan -- Mrs. danver . I believe you know everyone else . col . julyan wo not you sit down ? favell no offense , Colonel , but I think I will put this to Danny . she will understand it more easily . Danny , who be Rebecca 's doctor ? mrs . danver Mrs. de Winter always have Dr. mcclean from the village . favell now , you hear . I say Rebecca 's doctor in London . mrs . danver I do not know anything about that . favell oh , do not give I that , Danny . you know everything about Rebecca . you know she be in love with I , do not you ? surely you have not forget the good time she and I use to have down at the cottage on the beach . mrs . danver she have a right to amuse herself , do not she ? Love be a game to she , only a game . it make she laugh , I tell you . she use to sit on she bed and rock with laughter at the lot of you . col . julyan can you think of any reason why Mrs. de Winter should have take she own life ? mrs . danver no . no , I will refuse to believe it . I know everything about she . I will not believe it . favell there , you see ? it 's impossible . she know that as well as I do . now listen to I , Danny . we know that Rebecca go to a doctor in London on the last day of she life . who be it ? mrs . danver I do not know . favell oh , I understand , Danny . you think we be ask you to reveal secret of Rebecca 's life . you be try to defend she . but that 's what I be do . I be try to clear she name of the suspicion of suicide . col . julyan Mrs. danver -- it have be suggest -- that Mrs. de Winter be deliberately murder . favell there you have it in a nutshell , Danny . but there 's one more thing you will want to know -- that name of the murderer . it 's a lovely name that roll off the tongue so easily -- George fortescue maximilian de Winter . mrs . danver there be a doctor . Mrs. de Winter sometimes go to he privately . she use to go to he even before she be marry . favell we do not want reminiscence , Danny . what be he name ? mrs . danver Dr. Baker -- one -six - five goldhawk Road -- shepherd 's Bush . favell there you be , Colonel . there 's where you will find you motive ! go and question Dr. Baker . he will tell you why Rebecca go to he , to confirm the fact that she be go to have a child -- a sweet , curly - head little child . mrs . danver it be not true ! it be not true ! she would have tell I . favell she tell Max about it . Max know he be not the father ! so , like the gentleman of the old school that he be , he kill she ! col . julyan I be afraid we shall have to question this Dr. Baker . favell hear ! hear ! but for safety 's sake , I think I would like to go along , too . col . julyan yes , unfortunately I suppose you have the right to ask that . I will see the coroner and have the inquest postpone pend further evidence . favell I say , be not you rather afraid that the -- er -- prisoner , shall we say , might bolt ? col . julyan you have my word for it that he will not do that . favell toodle - oo , Max . come along , Danny . let 's leave the unhappy couple to spend they last moment together alone . I be -- be you sure you do not want I to go with you , maxim ? maxim no , darling . it will be very tiring for you . I will be back the very first thing in the morning . and -- er -- I will not even stop to sleep . I I will be wait for you . col . julyan ready , maxim ? maxim yes . col . julyan you two go on ahead . I will follw with favell . col . julyan Dr. Baker , you may have see Mr. de Winter 's name in the papers recently ... dr . baker oh , yes . yes , in connection with the body that be find in a boat . my wife be read all about it . it be a very sad case . my condolence , Mr. de Winter . favell oh , this be go to take hour . let I ... col . julyana do not bother , favell . I think I can tell Dr. Baker . we be try to discover certain fact concern the late Mrs. de Winter 's activity on the day of she death , October the 12th last year . I want you to tell I , it you can , if anyone of that name pay you a visit on that date . dr . baker I be awfully sorry . I be afraid I can not help you . I should have remember the name de Winter . I have never attend a Mrs. de Winter in my life . favell well , how can you possibly tell all you patiet ' name ? dr . baker oh , I can look it up in my engagement diary , if you like . do you say the twelfth of October . col . julyan yes . dr . baker here we be . no. no de Winter . favell be you sure ? dr . baker here be all the appointment for that day . Ross , Campbell , steadall , perrino , danver , mathews ... favell Danny ! what the devil ! col . julyan would you read that name again ? do you say danver ? dr . baker yes , I have a Mrs. danver for three o'clock . favell what do she look like ? can you remember ? dr . baker yes , I remember she quite well . she be a very beautiful woman -- tall , dark , exquisitely dress . frank Rebecca ! col . julyan the lady must have use a assume name . dr . baker be that so ? this be a surprise . I would know she a long time . favell what be the matter with she ? dr . baker my dear sir , but there be certain ethic . frank could you supply a reason , Dr. Baker , for Mrs. de Winter 's suicide ? favell for she murder , you mean ! she be go to have a kid , be not she ? come on -- out with it . tell I what else would a woman of she class be do in a dump like this . dr . baker I take it the official nature of this visit make it necessary for I to ... col . julyan I assure you we would not be troubling you , if it be not necessary . dr . baker you want to know if I can suggest any motive as to why Mrs. de Winter should have take she life ? yes , I think I can . the woman who call herself Mrs. danver be very seriously ill . maxim she be not go to have a child ? dr . baker that be what she think . my diagnosis be different . I send she to a well - know specialist for a examination and -- x-ray . and on this date she return to I for he report . I remember she stand here -- hold out she hand for the photograph . ' I want to know the truth , ' she say . ' I do not want soft word and a bedside manner . if I be for it , you can tell I right away . ' I know she be not the type to accept a lie . she would ask for the truth . I let she have it . she thank I . I never see she again , so I assume that ... maxim what be wrong with she ? dr . baker Cancer . yes , the growth be deep -roote . a operation would have be no earthly use at all . in a short time she would have be under morphia . there be nothing that could be do for she -- except wait . maxim do she say anything , when you tell she ? dr . baker she smile in a queer sort of way . you wife be a wouderful woman , Mr. de Winter . and , oh , yes , I remember she say something that strike I as be very peculiar at the time . when I tell she it be a matter of month , she say , ' oh , no , Doctor . not that long . ' col . julyan you have be very kind . you have tell we all we want to know . we shall probably need a official verification . dr . baker verification ? col . julyan yes . that be to confirm the verdict of suicide . dr . baker I understand . can I offer you gentleman a glass of sherry ? col . julyan no , very kind . I think we ought to be go . frank thank heaven we know the truth ! col . julyan dreadful thing ! dreadful ! no young , lovely woman like she ! no wonder ... favell I never have the remotest idea . neither do Danny , I be sure . I wish I have a drink ! frank will we be -- be need at the inquest any further , Colonel julyan ? col . julyan no . I can see to it that maxim 's not troubled any further . maxim thank you , sir . favell be you ready to start , Colonel ? col . julyan no , thank you . I be stay in town tonight . let I tell you , favell , blackmail be not much of a profession . we know how to deal with it in we part of the world , strange as it may seem to you . favell I be sure I do not know what you be talk about . but if you ever need a new car , Colonel , just let I know . maxim it 's impossible to thank you for you kindness to we through all this . you know what I feel about it without my say anything . col . julyan not at all . put the whole thing behind you . better let you wife know . she will be get worried . maxim yes , of course . I will phone she at once , and then we will get straight down to manderley . col . julyan Goodbye , crawley . maxim 's get a great friend . maxim Frank ... frank yes , maxim ? maxim something you do not know . frank oh , no there be not . maxim I do not kill she , Frank . but I know now that when she tell I about the child , she want I to kill she . she lie on purpose . she foresee the whole thing . that 's why she stand there laugh when she ... frank do not think about it any more . maxim thank you , Frank . favell hello , Danny . I just want to tell you the news . Rebecca hold out on both of we . she have cancer . yes -- suicide . and now Max and that dear little bride of he will be able to stay on at manderley and live happily ever after . bye-bye , Danny . policeman be this you car , sir ? favell yes . policeman will you be go soon ? this be not a parking place , you know . favell oh , be not it ? oh , people be entitle to leave they car outside , if they want to . it 's a pity , some of you fellow have not anything better to do . frank when you phone , do she say she would wait up ? maxim I ask she to go to bed , but she would not hear of it . I wish I could get some more speed out of this thing . frank be something worry you , maxim ? maxim I can not get over the feel something 's wrong . maxim Frank ! frank what 's the matter ? why do we stop ? maxim what -- what 's the time ? frank oh , this clock 's wrong . must be three or four . why ? maxim that can not be the dawn break over there ? frank it 's in the winter that you see the Northern light , be not it ? maxim that 's not the Northern light . that 's manderley ! maxim frith ! frith ! Mrs. de Winter ! where be she ? frith I think I see she , sir . maxim where ? I maxim ! thank heaven you have come back to I ! maxim be you all right , darling ? I oh , yes , I be all right . maxim be you all right ? I Mrs. danver -- she 's go mad . she say she would rather destroy manderley than see we happy here . ROBERT look ! the West wing ! the end