rebel without a cause by Stewart stern cast of character jim' family jim' grandma : a chic , domineer woman in she sixty who have make she son Frank dependent upon she for every breath he take . she be the irritant in the household -- the silent ruler -- the silent enemy of Frank 's marriage . jim' father : Frank be a unfeather man who have never be able to have fun . he be anxious to be a real father to Jim , but have never learn how . jim' mother : tense and immature , she have never find the husband she marry . upset by the presence of she mother - in-law , mate with a ineffectual and joyless man , she take out she disappointment on he and on she son . jim : the angry victim and the result . at seventeen he be fill with confusion about he role in life . because of he " nowhere " father , he do not know how to be a man . because of he wound mother , he anticipate destruction in all woman . and yet he want to find a girl who will be willing to receive he tenderness . judy' family judy' father : a junior partner in a law firm . boyish , attractive and debonair . because he be frighten by the adolescence of he daughter , Judy , he only recourse be to criticize she . judy' mother : self-center and frighten by the come of middle - age . she feel that Judy 's blossoming youth be threaten she wifely position as the desirable object of the husband 's attention . judy : the victim and the result . at sixteen , she be in a panic of frustration regard she father -- need he love and suffer when it be deny . this force she to invite the attention of other man in order to punish he . beau : Judy 's brother . because he be very young he be a danger to nobody and thus will grow up happily -- certain of the love of he father who feel comfortable in give it . plato : Son of a divide family -- a absent father and a travel mother - - he feel himself the target of desertion . at fifteen he want to find a substitute family for himself so that he need no longer feel cold , and especially a friend who will supply the fatherly protection and warmth he need and cannot find . buzz : a sado - masochistic boy of seventeen , who act out aggressively he idea of what a man should be in order to hide he real sensitivity and need . he be probably reject by both parent and must constantly court danger and must constantly court danger in order to achieve any sense of prestige or personal worth . the kide helen , crunch , moose , goon , chick , cookie , mil : all search for recognition in the only way available to they ; all suffer from unfulfilled hunger at home ; all create a outside world of chaos in order to bear the chaos they feel inside . they be soldier in search of a enemy . fade in . a deep night sky . matte shot . camera search slowly upward through the heaven and the silver tone of a bell be hear sounding the stroke of midnight . on the final note of the bell , camera be full on the milky Way and there it rest , just long enough for a burst of Easter sing to arise . the hymn be sung by the crude , unmatch voice of child . camera pan down to include : spire of a church . camera continue its downward pan as the sing continue and we pass a window beyond which be the source of the sing . camera pan off window to show -- Long shot . City . night . suddenly reveal -- crisp and sparkling with light . camera pan down and over : a lonely street full of park car . the sing diminish but a thread of it remain . a car have just park . the headlight snap off . a man emerge whistling the same melody and pull some gift from the front seat . he slam the door and start down the street in the direction of a house with bright window . he must pass a empty lot full of rusty grass and litter which lie in darkness between two street light . as the man walk by the lot , still whistling , a group of figure rise silently from the grass , figure who have be lie in concealment until now . they step noiselessly onto the pavement and follow the man . at the sound of they boot the whistling stop . the man glance behind he and see the figure walk after he , fill the pavement . a street light show they to be boy and girl and all quite young . the man move on more swiftly and the sound of they pursuit increase . he begin to run toward the light house and the follow step run too . suddenly he stop under the next street light and turn to face the figure . they be upon he and around he quickly . nobody speak for a moment , then one of the boy grin . his name be buzz . he be big and fill with a awareness of he own masculinity . buzz ( friendly , cool ) that be pretty what you be whistling . whistle some more . the man whistle a nervous phrase , try to make a joke of the situation which he do not understand . buzz ( continue ; suddenly ) you get a cigarette ? man oh , I think so -- the man fumble in he pocket , find a pack and drop it in he nervousness . the figure wait until he pick it up . he offer one to buzz . man ( continue ) filter tip . buzz ( smile , encourage ) you smoke it . smoke it , dad . smiling uncertainly , the man put the cigarette in he mouth . buzz , still smile , take out a packet of wooden match . buzz ( continue ) I will light it for you , dad . buzz ignites a match and hold it near the man 's face for a second , search it . then he ignites the whole box under he nose . the man shriek , and he package fall . buzz slap he sharply , he smile go . the camera pan away as the figure enclose he , and hold on a small mechanical monkey which have drop from its wrapping . it begin to dance madly on the pavement , then run down . the foot of the figure scatter past the unmove monkey . then camera rise to show that the man have disappear . there be a moment of awful stillness , then we see a boy come down the street alone . he be quite drunk , and he slip once . this be jim , a good-look kid of seventeen with a crew - cut and wear a good suit . the spill package on the pavement stop he . he bend down to see what they be and pick up the mechanical monkey from the wreckage . he smile and wind it up . he set it on the sidewalk and sit down . he watch it dance for a moment , happily . a siren be hear distantly , grow louder . jim pay no attention to it as he wind the monkey again and release it for its dance . superimpose title : " rebel without a cause " starring ____ as siren rise piercingly close , and jim look up , we : dissolve to : Close shot . throb light of police car . night . the siren scream wildly , then die . the sound of brake . camera move to reveal the police car stop at the entrance of a precinct Station . two officer dismount , bear between they the struggle jim . they bear he up the step and in through the double door . Inside precinct station . reception area . a large open space onto which several corridor converge . in the middle be a sergeant 's desk , really a quadrangular counter in the center of which the sergeant stand . there be a few glass - walk interview room which open off the area , and several bench lining the wall . the scene be one of confusion , activity and wait . phone ring . the arrest pass in custody of officer . present among other at jim 's entrance be : judy , who be blonde and sixteen . she sit on a crowded bench wear a expression of downcast bitterness . on a bench across the way from she be three remarkably dirty little mexican child without shoe or sock . the oldest be a boy of four who be protect he little sister who in turn mother a infant cry on the bench beside she . stand at a corner of the desk be a docile , undersized boy of fifteen name JOHN " plato " crawford . he be shiver . with he be a large negro woman , he may . jim come through the door and be lead to the desk . one of the officer present a brief report to the sergeant , who examine it . sergeant mix up in that beat on twelfth Street ? officer no. plain drunkenness . sergeant this say he be pick up there . officer they have he on the carpet for a hour at headquarters . he 's clear . plain drunkenness . sergeant Young squirt . all right -- you want to lean he against something ? stand he over there . the officer lead jim to judy 's bench and stand he against the wall beside it . jim be frisk , a look of prayer on he upturn face . the officer find the toy monkey in he pocket and would take it , but when jim ask to keep it , the officer hand it back and move away . another officer enter and lead the prisoner who be sit next to judy into another room . jim sit beside she . he smile at she but receive only a chill look . he wind the monkey up and set it dance on the floor , but she be not amused . camera pan to show other reacting to the monkey with pleasure . we see plato look up and smile a little . camera stop on the mexican child who be smile too . a bald juvenile officer name gene , squat before they , smile . gene you go to tell I you name now ? the little boy shake he head . little boy ( touch gene 's bald pate ) where 's you hair ? gene it 's all go . little boy do you get a haircut ? gene no -- it just fall out ! little boy ( sympathetically ) aw -- gene laugh as another juvenile Officer enter and pause to look at the child . his name be ray . ray what gang do he belong to ? gene give he a couple of year . ray where 's you mamma , honey ? little boy I do not know . ray and gene exchange look , then ray move across to judy -- camera follow . he look down at she , consult the file in he hand . ray Judy -- we be ready for you now . judy ( a mumble ) he hate I . ray what ? judy he hate I . she rise . ray lead she to one of the glass - wall office . camera move with they . jim watch they go . ray what make you think he hate you , Judy ? judy I do not think . I know . he look at I like I be the ugliest thing in the world . he do not like my friend -- he -- ray lead she into the office . Inside small office as judy come in , ray follow . he indicate a chair for she while he sit down behind a desk . judy ( continue ) he do not like anything about I -- he call I -- he call I -- she start to cry . she do not hide it , but keep wiping the tear with the palm of she hand . ray he make you feel pretty unhappy ? judy ( cry ) he call I a dirty tramp -- my own father ! ray do you think you father mean that ? judy yes ! I do not know ! I mean maybe he do not mean it but he act like he do . we be altogether and we be go to celebrate Easter and catch a double bill . Big deal . so I put on my new dress and I come out and he -- ray that one ? judy yes - - he start yell for a handkerchief -- scream . he grab my face and he rubbed all my lipstick off -- he rubbed till I think I would not have any lip leave . and all the time yell at I -- that thing -- the thing I tell you he call I . then I run out of the house . ray be that why you be wander around at one o'clock in the morning ? judy I be just talk a walk . I try to call the kid but everybody be out and I could not find they . I hate my life . I just hate it . ray you be not look for company , be you ? judy no . ray do you stop to talk to anyone , Judy ? ( she be silent ) do you enjoy that ? judy no . I do not even know why I do it . ray do you think you can get back at you dad that way ? I mean sometimes if we can not get as close to somebody as we would like we have to try make they jealous -- so they will have to pay attention . do you ever think of that ? judy I will never get close to anybody . ray some kid stomp a man on twelfth Street , Judy . judy you know where they pick I up ! twelfth Street ! I be not even near there ! ray would you like to go home if we can arrange it ? ( no answer ; to woman officer ) do you notify the parent ? woman officer she would not give I they number . ray what 's you number , Judy ? we will see if you dad will come and get you . judy look up hopefully . ray unless you really do not want to go home . ( silence ) would you rather stay here ? camera move close on judy . she look up and speak very quietly . judy lexington 05549 . the wail of a siren be hear . judy look off through the glass wall toward jim . ray be hear dial . med. shot . jim 's bench . jim sit with he head back , eye close . as the siren mount louder , jim open he mouth and imitate it -- a long , forlorn wail . med. shot , plato and negro woman . plato smile faintly and move out toward jim , negro woman follow . camera pan with they . plato sit by jim . she stand over they . jim 's wail continue . med. shot . jim , plato , negro woman . a officer move into shot . officer hey ! jim continue for a moment . officer ( continue ) hey ! that 's enough static out of you . jim want I to imitate a stupid cop ? officer cut it out now . I be warning you . jim yes , mar 'am . the officer move out . the negro woman bend over plato who be shiver violently . negro woman you shiver , John ? you cold ? plato shake he head . jim notice he . jim want my jacket ? plato look up at jim . jim ( continue ) you want my jacket ? it 's warm . plato want it but shake he head " no . " full shot . judy 's office . ray and judy seat as before . judy be still gaze through the glass . ray you mother will be down in a few minute , Judy -- judy ( clear ) what ? ray you mother will be down in a few minute . judy ( startle ) my mother ? ray signal to a woman officer just outside and lead judy to the door . outside door as ray turn judy over to the woman officer . ray she 's be call for . judy you say you would call my father . ray Goodbye , Judy . take it easy . judy do not answer . ray go back inside as camera lead the woman officer and judy past jim 's bench . camera stop on jim , plato and the negro woman . jim stare at judy and whistle but get no reaction . gene enter and come to the negro woman . gene John Crawford ? negro woman yes , sir . gene come with I , John . plato rise and go with gene , the negro woman follow . jim be alone . he close he eye , throw he head back and give another siren wail as camera move close on he face . mother ( o.s. ) Jim ! jim look up suddenly , scared . then he smile mysteriously and stagger to he foot . low angle . tight three . jim 's parent and grandma frame in the doorway , freeze . they be all dress in evening clothes . the mother be a very chic but rather hard - face woman . the father be a unfeather man . the grandma be the smallest , also very chic and very bright -ey . med. shot . jim as he face they . jim happy Easter . tight shot . the family . mother where be you tonight ? they call we at the club and I get the fright of my life ! silence . father where be you tonight , jimbo ? Close shot . jim . he say nothing . Close shot . father laugh uncomfortably . med. shot. jim . jim you think I be funny ? jim turn suddenly and walk to the glass wall of the office behind which plato , the negro woman and gene be visible . he look through the glass partition which separate he from plato . jim ( continue ) why do not you take my jacket ? Inside office . jim be see through the glass . he move away . plato be still shiver , crack he knuckle . gene do you know why you shot that puppy , John ? ( silence ) be that what they call you or do you have a nickname ? plato ( a murmur ) plato . negro woman you talk to the man nice now , hear ? he 's go to help you . plato nobody can help I . gene can you tell I why you kill the puppy , plato ? plato no , sir . I just go next door to look at they like I always do . they be nursing on they mother and I do it . I guess I be just no good ? gene what do you think 's go to happen , you do thing like that ? plato I do not know . end up in the electric chair ? gene where do you get the gun ? plato in my mother 's drawer . negro woman she keep it to protect herself , sir . she scared without a man in the house . gene where 's you mother tonight , plato ? plato she 's away . negro woman seem like she 's always go somewhere . she get a sister in Chicago and she go for the holiday . she say she sister be all the family she have . gene where 's you father ? plato be silent . negro woman they not together , sir . we do not see he in a long time now . gene do you hear from he , son ? plato look up as jim and he family move into the next office . jim smile at plato , who return it feebly , then look away -- embarrassed . gene you know if the boy ever talk to a psychiatrist ? plato ( smile a bit ) head -shrinker ? negro woman ( laugh ) oh , Mrs. Crawford do not believe in they ! gene well maybe she better start . other office . jim , he parent , grandma and ray be gather in the small room . jim be hum the ride of the valkryie to himself as if he have absolutely no interest in what be happen around he . ray suspect this be something more than mere disinterest , so let the hum go on , in order to discover its real purpose . grandma watch everything like a tennis match , reacting with soft little sound of terror or astonishment or sympathy . no one pay any attention to she . for a moment no one talk . ray watch jim as he hum . then the father shake he head and look up . father I do not see what 's so bad about take a little drink . ray you do not ? father no . I definitely do not . I do the sa -- ray he 's a minor , Mr. Stark , and it look to I like he have more than a little drink . father ( chuckle ) say , listen -- mother ( to jim : in intimate , half -humorous disapproval ) Jim -- do not hum . jim merely roll he eye at she , then away -- but continue he hum . father I guess I cut pretty loose in my day too . mother really , Frank ? when be that ? father listen -- can not you wait till we get home ? ray whoa ! whoa ! I know you be a little upset but -- father sorry . ray what about you , Jim ? get anything to say for yourself ? jim stop hum and shrug . ray not interested , huh ? jim shake he head . mother can not you answer ? what 's the matter with you anyhow ? father he 's just load , honey . mother I be talk to Jim . father ( to ray ) let I just explain to you -- we just move here , y'understand ? the kid have no friend yet and -- jim tell he why we move here . father hold it , Jim . jim you can not protect I . father ( to jim ) you mind if I try ? you have to slam the door in my face ? ( to ray ) I try to get to he -- what happen ? ( to jim ) do not I give you everything you want ? a bicycle -- you get a bicycle . a car -- jim you buy I many thing . thank you . father not just buy ! you hear all this talk about not lovely you kid enough . we give you love and affection , do not we ? silence ; jim be fight he emotion but he eye grow wet . father then what be it ? I can not even touch you anymore but you pull away . I want to understand you . why would you get drunk ? you must have have a reason . jim stare straight ahead , try not to listen . father be it because we go to that party ? ( silence ) you know what kind of drunken brawl that party turn into - - it 's no place for kid . mother a minute ago you say you do not care if he drink . grandma he say a little drink . jim ( explode ) you be tear I apart ! mother what ? jim stop tear I apart ! you say one thing and he say another and then everybody change back -- mother that 's a fine way to behave ! grandma ( smile ) well you know who he take after ! ray outside , Jim . come outside . ray push he out the door firmly , and into office vacate by plato and gene . ray Excuse we a minute ? father ( very overwrought ) sure . sure . gene 's office . ray and jim alone . jim someone should put poison in she epsom salt . ray grandma ? no answer . jim turn away from ray . jim get lose . ray hang loose , boy . I be warning you . jim wash up and go home . ray Big tough character . you do not kid I , pal . how come you be not wear you boot ? suddenly jim fling himself at ray who deftly flip he past and drop he near the desk . ray ( continue ) too bad you do not connect . you could have go to juvenile Hall . that 's what you want , be not it ? jim no . ray sure it be . you want to bug we till we have to lock you up . why ? jim leave I alone . ray no . jim I do not know why --! ray go on -- do not give I that . someone give you hard look ? jim I just get so -- ( fight tear ) Boy , sometimes the temperature go way up . ray ( suddenly gentle ) okay . okay . let it out . jim start cry . ray you feel like you want to blow you wheel right now ? jim all the time ! I do not know what get into I -- but I keep look for trouble and I always -- I swear you better lock I up . I be go to smash somebody -- I know it . ray try the desk . jim smashes he fist against it , let loose for a moment . ray watch , then sit near he . ray that why you move from the last town ? ' Cause you be in trouble ? you can talk about it if you want to -- I know about it anyway . routine check . jim and they think they be protect my by move . ray you be get a good start in the wrong direction back there . why do you do it ? jim mess that kid up ? ray just nod . jim ( continue ) he call I chicken . ray and you folk do not understand ? jim they never do . ray so then you move ? jim they think I will make friend if we move . just move and everything will be rose and sunshine . ray but you do not think that 's a solution . jim be silent ; he pick at he nail . ray ( continue ) thing pretty tough for you at home ? jim she eat he alive and he take it . jim stare at he family through hole in door . jim what a zoo ! ray what ? jim a zoo . he always want to be my pal , you know ? but how can I give he anything when he 's -- I mean I love he and I do not want to hurt he -- but I do not know what to do anymore except maybe die . ray pretty mix up ? jim if he could -- ray " if he could " what ? you mean you father ? jim I mean if he have the gut to knock Mom cold once I bet she would be happy and I bet she would stop pick . they make mush out of he . just mush . one thing I know be I never want to be like he . ray ( interrupt ) Chicken ? jim I bet you see right through I , do not you ? ray shrug . jim how can anyone grow up in this circus ? ray you get I , Jim -- but they do . want some water ? jim ( as ray get a cup of water from cooler ) Boy -- if I have one day when I do not have to be all confuse and ashamed of everything -- or I feel I belong some place . ray ( give he water ) here . look , will you do something for I ? if the pot start boil again , will you come and see I before you get yourself in a jam ? even if you just want to talk -- come in and shoot the breeze . it 's easier sometimes than talk to you folk . jim okay -- ray any time -- day or night . you calm down enough to go back now ? jim ( smile ) you serious ? ray smile and open the door . ray 's office as jim come towards he mother and force himself to kiss she . jim I be sorry . mother all right , darling . she rise and take he arm . they start out through the door into the hall , follow by grandma and father . grandma ( to ray ) this be all very unfortunate , but he make a mistake and he 's sorry -- so we be not go to have any more trouble . he 's always be a lovely boy -- jim Lovely ! grandma -- if you tell another lie you be go to turn to stone . ray luck , Jim . do not forget . father ( offer ray three cigar ) have some cigar . ray no thanks , I do not smoke . father go on -- give them to you friend . ray no -- thanks , very much , Mr. Stark . mother Frank -- he do not want any . jim grin at ray who nod . they all leave . ray look after they , shake he head and light a cigarette . we see jim and he family pass through the main door . wait to enter , in the custody of some uniform police , be buzz and the kid we see at the open , sullen and truculent . as they march into the lobby and jim grow smaller in the distance , the music come up and out . fade out . fade in . low angle . alley . Morning . a rabbit come run down the alley follow by a group of young kid , scream with pleasure . as camera pan with the group , the littlest , a boy of five , stop near we look after the disappear group . the shout of the child wane . judy rush out from a backyard beyond he . she be carry school book and a bag lunch . she wear a polo coat against the winter wind . judy ( yell ) Beau ! the boy , who be she brother , beau , look up but do not move . judy stop at she gate . a car careen down the alley , past he . Long shot . judy and beau see through a window in jim 's house . jim be in f.g. look out through the curtain . he smile . judy ( yell ) what be you try to do , get yourself kill ? beau ( laugh ) yes ! mother ( o.s. ) you egg be on the table , dear . jim turn from window and pass camera . full shot jim 's dining room . the mother be just settling a plate of egg at jim 's place . they father be seat , drink coffee and look at the newspaper . grandma come in from kitchen . jim be neatly dress in tie , tweed jacket and slack . mother ( continue ) sit down and eat -- you will be late . jim ( approach table ) it would stick in my throat , Mom . I be nervous or something -- grandma it 's a wonder we do not all have TB or some other terrible disease after live in all that smokey city ! mother well , drink you milk anyhow . grandma ( mutter ) there be not so many factory here . father mother -- jim ( still stand ; he drink ) you make any sandwich ? father my first day of school , mother would make I eat and by golly I could never even swallow till recess -- mother ( bring bag of lunch from buffet ) there 's nothing to be nervous about . here 's peanut butter and meat loaf -- jim make a mouth-stuck - together - with - peanut - butter sound . grandma what do I tell you ? peanut butter ! mother well , there 's a thermos of orange juice and some apple-sauce cake in the wax paper to wash it down . grandma I baked that ! jim ( kiss she cheek ) ' bye , Mom . mother Goodbye , dear . father ( rise ) so long , young fella . knock them dead , like you old man use to ! jim sure -- ( get to door and turn ) you know something ? I have a feel we be go to stay here . father and listen -- watch out about the pal you choose -- know what I mean ? do not let they choose you -- but jim be on he way out . full shot . jim 's backyard as jim come out of the kitchen door into the early sunshine . judy ( o.s. ) come out of the alley , Beau ! this be the last time I be go to call you . jim blink , pause and see judy . he take off he tie and put it in he pocket . then he start across the backyard , camera pan with he to : full shot . the alley with jim come out he gate , judy and beau visible beyond . he stop again . judy Beau ! all right -- go to school alone ! she start down the alley . beau skip after she and start tightrope - walk the gutter gravel . jim ( call ) hey ! judy glance at he briefly , but continue . jim follow a few yard , but on he side of the alley . jim ( continue ) hey , do not I see you before some place ? judy ignore he , but something self - conscious happen to she walk . jim run across the alley . med. shot . judy stop as jim enter . beau tight - rope walk on down the hill . jim hi . I see you before . judy bully for you . jim you do not have to be unfriendly . judy now that 's true ! jim ( smile ) see ? judy " life be crush in on I . " jim ( smile ) " life can be beautiful . " hey , I know where it be . judy where what be . jim where I see you . ( no answer ) everything go okay now ? ( no answer ) you live around here ? judy ( relieved ) who life ? jim see , I be new . judy wo not mother be proud . jim you be really flip -- be not you . judy look up a little surprised . jim ( continue ) where 's Dawson High School ? judy you go there ? jim yeah -- why -- judy dig the square wardrobe ! jim ( defensively ) yeah . so where 's the high school ? judy ( softer ) University and 10th -- want to carry my book ? a auto horn , stick , in the distance . jim I be just get my car . I could take you . the horn approach , loud . judy the kid take I . jim oh. another angle . jim and judy as the car , horn blow , wheel into view above they and come careen into the alley . judy see it and move a step away from jim . judy I will bet you be a real yo yo . jim a what ? judy ( yell over horn ) Goodbye ! see you ! jim ( yell ) I be not so bad . judy be move toward the car . med. shot . car full of kid as it come to a jolting stop near judy . the boy wear suede coat , leather jacket , black pegger , boot . they clothing be not uniform -- it be the air they assume which be uniform : swagger , self - conscious , piratical . someone be always comb he hair . the driver be buzz , whom we recognize as the leader of the stomp gang we meet on Easter . he wear a leather jacket . with he be chick , a slight bespectacle lad ; crunch , buzz 's first lieutenant ; cookie , a hanger - on ; goon , a character ; and the girl helen and millie . the kid be scream as buzz jam on the brake . judy come forward . jim hang back . buzz stella-a-a-a! judy come to they quickly , smile . judy steady marlon ! buzz wanna make the color light go around and around ? judy and buzz kiss ardently and without love . jim go for he car . buzz ( look after jim then at judy ) what 's that ? judy a new disease . buzz ( a little suspicious ) friend of yours ? judy I be glad they let you out . buzz nobody chicken . judy I hear about it . you be lucky he live . buzz they always live . during this jim have get he car and have drive up . jim where 's University and 10th ? judy ( point right ) that way ! chick ( point leave ) that way ! buzz ( point up ) that way ! simultaneously , the kid laugh wildly . the radio blare . judy lay she head on buzz 's shoulder and he arm go around she as the car zoom away . jim look after they a moment , then follow . dissolve to : Close shot . bicycle rack . wheel spin in , one after another and drive straight into they slot . as the nearest bike move in : med. shot . plato just get off he motor scooter . he come forward , pass camera which pan with he then stop -- as the school be suddenly reveal . Music start with a crash and keep mount through the follow . plato sigh and move away from we to join the parade of student fill the Main approach . parking lot as car scream into they place noisily . jim get out of one and come forward . a motorcycle roar by , just miss he . jim stare off and start to move as camera pan with he to : another angle . School . another crash of music . jim move toward the parade . full shot . mid-way down main approach . a number of kid pass , gossipe happily as they greet each other for the first time since vacation . camera search over they and stop upon we special group move toward we -- buzz , judy and the rest , all abreast . other must park at they passage or be elbow out of the way , stare resentfully , but not dare to challenge the group 's priority . plato run forward , past they . door from within bounce from hand to hand as student enter . plato move through the door and disappear in a milling of kid . judy enter with she group and move on with they . med. shot. monitor ( inside corridor ) . the monitor be a athletic letter-sweater boy with a arm brassard that bear the letter " hc " . kid pour past he . jim enter . jim hi--can you tell we where I go ? I be just start here . monitor ( point at brassard ) Mr. bassett 's office -- 203 . he will tell you where you home room be -- jim thanks a lot . jim move out . angle shot . corridor . shoot past a row of steel locker . the clash and slam of door as kid throw in coat , pull out book and primp for the day ahead . plato come to he locker , which be the nearest , and open it . full shot . corridor . jim move toward we from the distance . crowd at the entrance to a classroom in f.g. be judy and she pal . they be sneaking a smoke , pass the cigarette from one cup hand to another . as jim come near , judy see he . so do the other . they fold they arm across they chest and whistle " we be the girl of the institute " -- all but judy . jim glance at she and continue on past camera . a bell start ringing crazily over the music . Close shot . plato . he be straighten he tie in the mirror . above it , paste to the locker door , be a still of Alan ladd . in the mirror we can see jim move past . plato see he too . he wheel around and stare . plato ( to himself ) hi. the strident music of the student diminish . the ringing of the bell stop . there remain only jim 's footstep . Long shot . jim move off down the corridor . plato be in f.g. look after he . he slam he locker and start after jim , move at the same speed and hover near the wall . the footstep of the two boy echo stonily . they be alone . jim stop at a bulletin board near a bend in the corridor . plato stop too . bulletin board . jim look at the notice . plato drift in several yard away and hang near the wall watch jim who do not see he . jim read : insert : bulletin board , " attention all junior and senior " -- planetarium field trip -- 2 pm -- sharp ! " another angle . jim and plato as jim turn from bulletin board and start away . plato ( clear he throat ) hi. jim hi there . plato you remember I ? jim no . I do not think so -- plato I be sorry -- I make a mistake . jim start toward camera as plato after another look , turn in the opposite direction and walk away from we , smash he fist against the wall as he go . jim stop , full in camera . his face cloud , try to remember . he turn full around to look after plato , then turn back and continue on he way . the footstep fade . dissolve to : full shot . planetarium see from the parking lot - - a great dome crown it -- the city lie below . camera pick up jim 's car maneuver through the crowded lot . in b.g. a few other late - comer be dash up step to planetarium . jim drive into a small lot behind observator , park , then run to observatory entrance . full shot . lobby as jim run through , open door of theater and pass inside . Long shot . Sky full of star see past jim 's head . darkness . this be not we sky . it be a replica of it project onto the dome of the planetarium . the star slide they tentative way in a ever-chang pattern . one of they be much larger than the rest and increase in size as we watch . Music of the sphere be hear -- a high threaten tremolo . lecturer ( o.s. ) for many day before the end of we earth people will look into the night sky and notice a star , increasingly bright and increasingly near . jim look around for a seat and pass down aisle . see beyond he be the projector , move slowly , its great dumb - bell head sparkling with pin-point of light . jim take a seat in front row . plato , in the row behind he , move over a seat to be nearer . they exchange look . full shot . normal student watch intently . lecturer ( o.s. ) as this star approach we , the weather will change . the great polar field of the north and south will rot and divide , and the seas will turn warmer . low angle . lecturer . a dry , elderly man in a stiff white collar . he be seat at a desk , the light from the read lamp spilling upward onto he face . lecturer the last of we search the heaven and stand amaze . for the star will still be there , move through they ancient rhythm . angle shot . student . some watch , some take note . a old lady teacher in f.g. tap the head of two kid in the row before she . they stop they whisper . she smile at they . lecturer ( o.s. ) the familiar constellation that illuminate we night will seem as they have always seem , eternal , unchange and little move by the shortness of time between we planet 's birth and its demise . med. shot . plato stare upward . lecturer ( o.s. ) orion , the Hunter . plato look off . med. shot. jim ( from plato 's angle ) . jim be seat in the row ahead of plato . his lip be parte as he look up . jim Boy ! plato ( lean forward ) what ? jim ( surprised ) once you be up there , you know you be some place ! lecturer ( o.s. ) Gemini , the twin . two shot . judy and buzz . buzz have he arm around she . he be nuzzling she ear . she be blandly watch the dome . lecturer ( o.s. ) ( continue ) Cancer , the crab . buzz poke judy who look at he . he curve he wrist toward she , open and close he first two finger like the pincer of a crab . buzz I be a crab ! she laugh . so do the other . med. shot. jim ( plato behind ) . see from judy 's angle . jim turn at the sound of the laughter , and smile . lecturer ( o.s. ) Taurus , the bull . jim ( in good imitation ) moo ! he wait for approval . angle shot . judy , buzz and group ( see from jim 's angle ) . he be in f.g . they be stare at he . nobody laugh . crunch ( flat ) yeah , moo . buzz moo . that 's real cute . moo. goon hey , he 's real rough -- crunch I bet he fight with cow . buzz moo . they turn from he . jim wither and look front . judy smile a little and look away so the other cannot notice she amusement . lecturer ( o.s. ) Sagittarius and Aries -- all as they have ever be . plato lean in and touch jim 's shoulder , lightly at first , then harder . jim turn to he . plato you should not monkey with he . jim what ? plato he 's a wheel . so 's she . it 's hard to make friend with they . jim I do not want to make friend . he turn back , unhappy at have reveal himself . another shot . judy , buzz , crunch . jim see in b.g . the kid be whisper among themselves and point at jim , who look up and notice . he be get uncomfortable . lecturer ( o.s. ) and while the flash of we beginning have not yet travel the light year into distance -- full shot . the dome . the star rush nearer , loom larger and larger . the music rise in tension and volume . lecturer ( o.s. ) have not yet be see by planet deep within the other galaxy , we will disappear into the blackness of the space from which we come . two shot . jim and plato stare upward , cring back into they seat as the light on they face increase . Music be up loud . full shot . the dome see past plato 's head . the heaven grow brighter as the star plummet near . Music at crescendo . lecturer ( o.s. ) destroy as we begin in a burst of gas and fire . the sky be blast by a wild flash of light . Music reach explosion . the star appear again . move shot . face of normal kid watch seriously -- very impressed . lecturer ( o.s. ) ( continue ) the heaven be still and cold once more . in all the complexity of we universe and the galaxy beyond , the Earth will not be miss . med. shot . jim and plato look up . lecturer ( o.s. ) through the infinite reach of space , the problem of man seem trivial and naive indeed . and man , exist alone , seem to be a episode of little consequence . plato duck he head down on the back of jim 's chair . jim look at he . lecturer ( o.s. ) that 's all . thank you very much . the light go on . the rustle and confusion of kid stretch after sit too long . scatter applause . jim rise and ruffle plato 's hair . jim hey , it 's over . the world end . plato look up at he . plato what do he know about man alone ? med. shot . lecturer as he reach over and turn a dial . " Morning song " by grieg come on softly . low angle . old lady teacher rise . she stare around at the bustling student and clap she hand sharply , but the noise be barely hear above the tumult . teacher ( shrill ) May I have you attention ? May I please have you attention ? class will meet at the buss outside . May I have you attention ? ( to herself ) the heck with it . she pick up she coat and bag . planetarium parking lot . School buss and auto , some new and some heaps , be park in f.g. Beyond be the dome of the planetarium . kid mill about , some already drive off in they car . one bus , already full , pull past camera . med. shot . Front of bus see from within . Driver in f.g. kid swarm up the step and enter . plato be among they , but keep look back for jim . plato board the bus and pause near the driver to peer through windshield . his face cloud . Long shot . judy and group . see from plato 's angle through windshield . they be stand idly in a loose line near buzz 's car . they be look back toward planetarium . med. shot . Front of bus , see from within . plato turn suddenly and push he way past the kid who be board . plato Excuse I . Excuse I . full shot . parking lot . Bus in f.g. Beyond it judy and the group be visible . plato squeeze out . male teacher John , where you go ? plato I forget something . I will get a hitch . plato move quickly past the teacher who climb in . the door slam , the bus move away . plato stop and look after it . the last car be clear the lot . only jim 's and buzz 's remain . plato look at the small , wait group . med. shot . the group see from the rear . plato in the distance face they . buzz what you look at ? med. shot . plato wild - eye with fear . plato nothing . he run off , camera pan with he . his goal be the planetarium entrance , visible beyond . he race toward it frantically . med. shot . the group look off after plato . buzz , nearest camera , pull a switch - knife from he pocket and pop the long blade open . judy stare at it , then look up at buzz apprehensively . crunch sit down on the bumper and light a cigarette . display lobby . planetarium as plato rush in , out of breath , stop and look around . in distance he see jim lean over the pendulum pit , smoking quietly . plato do not move . jim have not even look up . plato ( scream as if he be yell " fire ! " ) what 's you name ! jim Jim . what 's yours ? plato ( a little quieter ) plato . it 's a nickname . jim nod . plato go over to he , camera follow , until they be close together , both lean over the rail . plato listen , I tell you not to fool with they . now they be wait for you . jim I know . that 's why I come back . plato you scared ? jim I just do not want trouble . plato he have a knife . jim I see it . gee , look at that thing swing , will you ? do you think it never stop ? plato no . it 's perpetual motion . jim oh , I bet some little guy come in here at night and push it . go - go -go ! plato walk cautiously to the door and start outside , camera follow . Long shot . kid ( corner of observatory ) with plato lean out of door , see they , pull back quickly . Inside display lobby as plato pull back through the door . jim seem to have disappear . plato stare around frighten . plato Jim ? jim be look at another exhibit whose mechanical voice be hear . jim I be here . plato ( come with he ) they be still there ! jim nod . they watch the exhibit a while longer . plato Jim -- do you think when the end of the world come it will be at night ? jim no . in the morning . plato look up question . jim smile and shrug . jim I just have a feel . they start move , camera lead . plato if you do not want trouble , I know a place we can go -- jim look up at he . plato it 's a big mansion and we could sneak around there and they would not even know . you could be safe -- they turn a corner quickly . Doors to balcony ( from inside ) as jim and plato come to they from behind camera , fling the door open and step outside . balcony as jim and plato come onto it , lean on the parapet . plato point off . plato there it be . High long shot . mansion . ( matte ) . it be fall into elegant ruin , casting long afternoon shadow on the great lawn and promenade . closeup plato look urgently at jim . plato should we go ? two shot . jim and plato . plato 's back be to we . jim look past he and see something . jim ( quietly ) the shadow be get long . plato turn to look too . Long high shot . parking lot . jim 's car be where he leave it . into the driveway , like log drive before a sea , the shadow of the wait kid appear and advance until the kid themselves come into view . they pause there a moment , then look up . helen ( smile ) Le soleil tombe dan la mer . laughter . the kid scatter along the wall at the foot of the balcony stair . buzz go to jim 's car , knife in hand , and stand silently . low angle . two shot . jim and plato stare down from balcony parapet . at last jim move out past camera . low angle . Long shot . jim and plato . judy in f.g . the two boy walk down the stair . camera pan with they as they reach parking lot level and start walk past other member of the group . travel shot . jim and plato come forward . dolly shot . buzz from jim 's angle . as camera move in toward buzz stand alone at the car , he suddenly bend down and slashes jim 's tire . camera stop . there be the hiss of air escape . buzz straighten and smile past camera . Close shot . jim inhale sharply in shock and suppress anger . full shot over jim 's car . Group in b.g. motionless . jim and plato approach the car . jim stop and look down . buzz stand smile and put away the knife . Close shot . rear wheel . the tire slashed , the wheel rest on the ground . full shot . car. shoot between group and buzz toward back of jim and plato , who be look down at car which rest on its rim . jim turn and move toward group . he stop , look from one to the other and smile nervously . then he look straight at buzz . jim ( wearily ) you know something ? buzz what ? jim ( reproachfully ) you watch too much television . med. shot . the group and jim . judy have come to buzz , stand on the wall above he . buzz hey , he 's real abstract and different . jim I be cute , too . suddenly goon start cluck softly like a chicken . one by one the other pick it up . buzz , the last , crow . silence . med. shot . the group and jim . jim meaning I ? buzz what ? jim Chicken ? the group give a quick , short laugh . med. shot . jim as he take off he glass , smile . shake he head disapprovingly . jim you should not call I that . Close shot . plato watch anxiously . med. shot . buzz with judy watch above he . jim enter shot until he be close to buzz 's face . he look up at judy . camera close in until we be tight on the three . the head be nearly touch . jim ( softly to judy ) you always at ringside ? you always travel in this rank company ? buzz clutches jim 's hair and jerk he head up . he crack jim smartly across the face with the palm of he hand . Close shot . judy look at jim . her eye clear in recognition . another angle . the group and jim as jim tear free and come at buzz , slugging . but buzz , with a laugh , leap onto the parapet and turn , the knife in he hand again . jim stop short . the group and plato move in around he . jim I think only punk fight with knife . buzz who 's fight ? this be the test , man . it 's a crazy game . helen Les jeux de courage ! close-up. crunch . he be smile . his arm be around the shoulder of the kid who flank he . crunch ( wetting he lip ) machismo . machismo . med. shot . Group . jim machismo ? buzz somebody find he a knife . Close shot . plato see between head of mil and cookie . cookie hold up a switch knife and toss it over into the circle . plato Jim ! full shot . Circle as the knife fall at jim 's foot . jim stoops and pick up he weapon , then face buzz . then he spring he blade . buzz you know the action ? no cut . just stick -- jab real cool . buzz hop from the parapet . they begin stalking each other . buzz slide he knife from hand to hand try to hypnotize jim . suddenly he poke out and prick jim 's shirt . the group sigh " ole ! " jim make no effort at self - defense . silence . buzz prick jim again , " ole ! " buzz ( as he maneuver ) what you wait on , toreador ? I think you want some action ! jim cut out half - heartedly . buzz Big brave bull . hah ! toro ! hah ! hah ! goon moo ! buzz come on -- fascinate we . impress we . what 's happen ? let 's go ! jim I do not want trouble . buzz ( furious suddenly ) you crud chicken ! you be waste we time ! buzz viciously slap jim across the face . jim lash out and miss . buzz hop back . buzz yeah -- that 's pretty close . how about a little closer , toreador ? cut off a button and you get to join the club ! outside entrance of parking lot . a uniform guide of middle - age stare past camera . cries of " ole , " be hear in the distance . guide ( turn ) Mr. minton ! Mr. minton ! trouble ! the lecturer appear run . he stop short at what he see , and blink in the sunlight . guide look . there 's you audience . lecturer oh , I do not think so . from the school ? Inside circle . jim be cover with sweat and about to drop . he be get the worst of it , still refuse to defend himself . Close shot . plato . he be look on in despair . group ole ! ole ! suddenly , with a cry , plato push through . Inside circle as plato come through . his eye be wild . he hold a tire chain in he hand . mil buzzy ! look out ! he 's get a chain ! buzz ( smile as he see plato ) hey ! Chicken Little ! buzz trip plato quickly and kick he while he 's down . crunch grab the chain . jim all right -- you want it , you get it ! suddenly jim transform . he bore forward expertly -- prick buzz again and again . cries of ole greet he . buzz be surprised . full shot . Group . we hear only the breathe of the combatant . Beyond we see the guide approach swiftly . the lecturer trail at a safe distance . closeup . crunch . he look up . his smile fade . crunch honk . let 's split . Group as they look off and see the guide and lecturer approach . buzz and jim be both breathe hard . plato be get to he foot . buzz Split for what ? couple old poophead ? he fold up he knife and put it away . so do jim . jim you satisfied or you want more ? buzz how ' bout you ? say the word and you be cold , Jack - - you be dead . judy buzzie - - we better get out of here . buzz what 's eat you , Judy ? you want he alive ? jim where can we meet ? buzz know the millertown bluff ? cookie the bluff , buzz ! that 's dangerous up there . buzz draw he a picture , Chicken Little . eight o'clock . Cookie , you call moose and get a couple car . we be go to have we some real kick . Little chickie-run . you be on chickie-run before ? jim sure -- that 's all I do . the guide burst in among they . the lecturer remain on the fringe . guide all right -- all of you -- start move ! judy you mean l'il ol ' we ? what 's the matter with the nice man ? guide do not clown with I . buzz why 'ot you go suck on something sweet ? guide you think you be tough ? I get a son twice you size and I can still handle he . lecturer do not lose control , Mr. jamison . I think if we just explain -- guide explain to this ? they think they own the world ! crunch the world be round ! mil the world be flat ! cookie all the world 's a stage ! there be wild laughter from the kid as they close around the guide and start edging he away , up the step toward the planetarium balcony . kide the world go round the sun ! Goodbye proud world ! I get the world on a string ! the world 's my oyster ! hey ! a fish -eater ! Brain food . they be go . the lecturer look after they then come to jim . jim look down at he shirt . there be spot of blood . plato open it , spit on a handkerchief and start to wipe the blood away . lecturer ( smile wanly , to jim ) sometimes the world be too much with we , be not it , son ? what be the disturbance ? jim nothing . lecturer you be bleed . be you all right ? jim I scratch my mosquito bite . I be fine . lecturer hesitates . jim I be fine -- thanks ! lecturer go . jim impatiently close he shirt . plato be you really go to meet they ? jim who know . plato ? plato what ? jim what 's a chickie-run ? dissolve to : downstair hall . jim 's house . a single light be burn . jim steal in from the kitchen , peer cautiously into the live room , then start up the stair . a crash be hear above . jim stop , undecided whether to go or stay , then move quickly up the stair , no longer try to be quiet . Upper hall . jim 's house as jim rise into view at the top of stair . he see a figure on hand and knee mop something off the rug . leaklight from the staircase dim detail . a apron be tie around the figure 's waist and its bow stick bravely in the air . jim Mom ? the figure straighten and turn around , smile . it be the father . he be neatly dress in he business suit but wear a Mary petty apron . father hiya , jimbo . jim lean against the wall , shaking he head and try not to laugh . the father laugh unhappily , try to make it all seem a joke . father you think I be Mom ? jim yeah ! father it 's just this get-up . the girl 's out and I be bring Mom 's supper . jim ( giggle ) and you drop it ? father ( laugh too ) yeah ! shh ! jim that 's funny ! father I better clean this up before she see it . he start dabbing among the spill dish with a wet cloth . jim watch he . jim let she see . what could happen . the father continue dabbing . jim dad -- the father look up at he . jim dad -- do not . do not . jim touch he father 's elbow , bring he to he foot . they look at each other a moment then jim go to he bedroom . the father go back to mop up the mess . Inside jim 's room as he come in , shut the door and throw himself miserably on he bed . he writhes as if the pain he feel be physical . outside , radio be hear in the night -- tune to different station . he feel under he jacket and hold up he hand to the moonlight . there be blood on it . he reach up and take he alarm clock and be set it as camera glide to he window and hold over the rooftop . full shot . judy 's backyard . moonlight . judy stand near camera look up at the moon . the radio seem louder out here . one break through . announcer time now for the seven o'clock news . Friends , the next time you go shopping . judy' father ( o.s. ) Judy . she wheel around . Long shot . the father stand erect on back porch , silhouett against a window . judy' father what be you wishing for , Judy ? med. shot. judy . she have not move . judy ( softly ) I be not wishing . I be look at the moon . full shot . backyard feature the father . we see he now as a tall and handsome man . there be something boyish and appeal about he . judy' father ( sing lightly ) " man in the Moon , how come you there -- up in the sky where you be shine -- float so high in the frosty air --? oh , say -- man in the Moon ! " -- judy come forward , stand below he on the step . her look be ador . judy ( astonished ) how do you know that ? judy' father we use to sing it in school . ( smile ) do not look at I with such horror . they have school in that day . judy but the same song . I think it 's fantastic ! judy' father we be romantic then too -- judy be you and Mom home tonight ? judy' father no . why ? judy nothing , only it would be nice to spend a evening together for a change . judy' father with we old creep ? come on , we have to eat . judy ( rise ) daddy -- he look at she . judy good evening . judy' father hi. he turn away and go into the house . she hesitates and then follow . something in the mood have change . he have neglect to hold the door for she . dining room . judy 's house as the father come to the head of the table and take he seat . Three place be set . judy follow . she stand above he chair , look down at he as he drink he tomato juice . judy ( quietly , afraid ) do not you forget something ? judy' father what ? judy do not answer , but lean down and kiss he quickly on the lip . judy' father ( continue ; shocked ) what 's the matter with you ? judy freeze , frighten . he collect himself a little . judy' father ( continue ) you be too old for that kind of stuff , kiddo . I think you stop do that long ago . judy ( very hurt ) I do not want to stop . the mother enter briskly from another part of the house -- a attractive , brittle woman of thirty - five . judy' mother do not want to stop what ? judy' father nothing . judy I be talk to dad . judy' father I do not kiss she so it 's a big thing . judy' mother ( call to kitchen ) bertha ! you can serve the souffle ! ( to father ) Fish souffle . ( to judy ) you do not have to stand there , darling . drink you tomato juice . judy slide into she chair reluctantly and unfold she napkin . judy I guess I just do not understand anything . judy' father I be tired , Judy . I would like to change the subject . judy why ? judy' father I would like to , that 's all . Girls you age do not do that . you need a explanation ? judy ( very low ) Girls do not love they father ? since when ? since I get to be sixteen ? she half - rise to kiss he again . judy' father stop it now ! sit down ! suddenly the father slap she . even as he do it he be as stunne as judy . the mother stop eat . she have never see such a display and be shocked . he try to control himself by butter a piece of bread . there be a terrible silence into which beau enter in he pajamas . he run to he father 's chair , then halt -- look from face to face . the father put a arm around he , hug he almost savagely . judy' father ( thickly ) hi , rascal . beau ( hushed ) hi. judy rise , weep . judy May I please be excuse ? she start out . the father rise and follow after she . judy' father ( softly ) hey , hey , glamorpuss . I be sorry . she leave the room , interrupt the joke he be go to make . he turn back to the table and sit down . the mother rise and come to he . judy' father ( continue ) I do not know what to do . all of a sudden she 's a problem . the mother stand behind he chair . she tip he head back against she body and knead he neck and shoulder . judy' mother she will outgrow it , dear . it 's just the age . beau ( in a sudden burst ) the atomic age ! the door slam . judy' mother ( kissing she husband 's hair ) it 's the age when nothing fit . Inside jim 's room . we see he lie on he bed as before . his eye be open . the alarm clock go off . jim start as if shot , then stop the wild ringing . the time be seven - forty - five . he make no move to leave the bed . there be a light tap on the door , then it open and the father be there , see in light from the hall and still wear the apron . father you awake ? jim yes . father listen -- I take a steak out of the freezer . I think we could have a real old - fashioned stag party -- just the two of we , what do you say ? jim I be not hungry . the father turn away . jim hey -- I want to ask you something . father ( happily ) shoot , jimbo . jim suppose you know that you have to do something very dangerous -- where you have to prove something you need to know - - a question of honor . would you do it ? father ( laugh ) be there some kind of trick answer ? jim what would you do , dad ? father ( evade ) I would not do anything hasty . let 's get a little light on the subject . the father turn on the light and look at jim who be now sit on the edge of the bed . he remove he jacket and the bloody shirt be reveal . the father stare . jim blood . father how would that happen ! what kind of trouble you in ? jim the kind we have be talk about . can you answer I now ? father listen -- nobody should make a snap decision -- this be not something you just -- we ought to consider all the pro and con -- jim we do not have time . father we will make time . where 's some paper . we will make a list and if we be still stick then we ought to get some advice -- he go out , to the study next door . jim rise . jim what can you do when you have to be a man ? father well , now -- jim just give I a direct answer ! ( pause ) you go to stop I from go , dad ? father you know I never stop you from anything . believe I -- you be at a wonderful age . in ten year you will look back on this and wish you be a kid again . jim ten year ? now , dad -- I need a answer now ! father I just want to show you how foolish you be . when you be older you will laugh at yourself for think this be so important -- during this , jim have kick off he shoe and put on he boot and jacket and go out . live room feature stair . jim come run down the stair and out the kitchen door . father ( o.s. ) Jim ? will you listen ? you can not go out till we -- Jim ! the father come down the stair , go to the front door and call : father Jim ? Jim ! he go to kitchen door , call again , get no answer , come back into the live room , see he be still wear the apron . he rip it off and throw it down -- then start for the stair . dissolve to : the Plateau . moonlight . wind shriek over the expose plateau , which be several hundred yard long . it cut into the darkness like the prow of a ship and end in empty air . a dozen car be scattered about , define a sort of runway in the center . there be twenty kid present , but very little talk . most of they belong to buzz 's group but there be a few whom we have not meet before . they stand in small clot , murmure and smoking . the atmosphere be strung tightly , like the moment before a dawn attack . in b.g. near the cliff 's edge , be two car of similar make and model . they face away from camera toward the edge of the plateau . there be no headlight anywhere ... blackout condition . moose , a boy in a leather jacket and cheap yachting cap stand guard between the car , he back to we . his hand be on he hip . his leg be spread . some girl drift in . another angle . Plateau feature plato as he wander through the crowd search for jim . he pass buzz 's car where buzz , judy and the rest be eat hamburger . they have all change into fight wardrobe . buzz ( call out ) hey , Chicken -little . plato stop . buzz where 's toreador ? he beg off ? plato he 's not scared of you . buzz ( laugh ) yeah ? ( to goon ) goon ! you see that adolescent type anywhere ? cookie he will not show . goon well , you go to wait all night ? I be get nervous , man ! we get to do something ! crunch ( look off ) hey , buzz ! buzz what ? cookie over there . buzz snap on the spotlight again and swing it off . full shot . jim 's car as jim get out and plato run to he . jim how would you get here ? plato I hitched . jim Boy , I bet you would go to a hang . plato my personality 's show again . should I leave ? jim no . it 's okay . buzz enter . buzz come on . let 's see what we be drive . jim get out ; plato start to follow . buzz just he . jim stay there . the two boy move away . plato look after they , hurt , then go to side of judy and stand . dolly shot . jim and buzz as they come forward . buzz what you say you name be ? jim Jim Stark . buzz buzz gundersen . jim hi. buzz glad to meet you . they shake hand briefly as they walk . they come to moose and stop . moose get some goody for you , buzzie-boy . buzz flashlight ? moose produce one and hand it to buzz who go to one of the guard car , motion jim to come , too . closer shot . buzz , jim and moose see as hood be raise , revealing they face beneath it . buzz explore the motor with the flashlight . buzz look good . moose clean as a whistle . they both get plenty breeze . buzz look good to you ? jim sure . it 's fine . buzz okay . he close the hood . Group move across to other car . judy and plato . the other kid be behind they . judy look to see that they attention be not on she , then speak quietly to plato . judy be he you friend ? plato yes . my best friend . judy what 's he like ? plato oh , I do not know . you have to get to know he . he do not say much but when he do you know he mean it . he 's sincere . judy well , that 's the main thing -- do not you think so ? plato maybe next summer he 's go to take I hunt with he -- and fishing . I want he to teach I how and I bet he will not get mad if I goof . his name 's Jim . it 's really James but he like Jim more . ( laugh ) people he really like - - he let call he " Jamie . " judy want to finish my hamburger ? I only take a bite . plato okay . full shot . guard car . jim be close in f.g. at wheel of he car . buzz be beyond , at wheel of he . both boy be gun they engine , listen critically . jim let he idle . judy , goon and group . they watch in silent anticipation . plato start away from they . travel shot . plato hurry away from the group . he stop , look off . jim and buzz . plato in distance . buzz better try the door . jump out . jim open he door . buzz no --quick , man ! you get to break quick . jim shut he door and try again . so do buzz . then both boy walk forward to the edge . neither say a word . buzz put he hand on jim 's shoulder . High angle . the edge of the bluff ( process ) . jim and buzz be directly below we . under they the plateau fall steeply away in a sheer drop of a hundred foot to the ocean below . two shot . jim and buzz . jim be stare below . he be beginning to perspire . he light a cigarette . without take he hand from jim 's shoulder , buzz borrow the cigarette from he lip , take a drag and hand it back . jim take another puff then toss it into the abyss . buzz ( quietly ) this be the edge , boy . this be the end . jim yeah . buzz I like you , you know ? jim buzz ? what be we do this for ? buzz ( still quiet ) we get to do something . do not we ? Long shot . jim and buzz with plato in f.g. jim and buzz appear to he as two close friend . suddenly they break and go , without speak further , to they car . they back up to the opposite end of the plateau , headlight dark . plato follow they with he gaze . Group shot . goon and other look up as the car glide by . med. shot . judy wait as buzz and jim move into start position next to she . judy go to buzz . jim be in b.g. -- look on . judy feel okay ? buzz give I some dirt . she bend out of sight for a moment as buzz go on talk , then hand he the dirt . he rub it into he palm . buzz hey , toreador ! she signal . we head for the edge . the first guy who jump -- chicken ! judy and buzz kiss , without much interest . buzz what 's happen ? judy good luck , buzz . she start out , without kissing he again . jim ( call softly ) Judy . med. shot . jim 's car as judy come to he . jim I too . she look at he a moment then bend and hand he some dirt . they head touch for a instant . jim thank you . she break the look and hurry away . Long shot . the car . they be line up in two row -- headlight face each other . judy come into shot . when she get near camera , she stop and turn back to face they . buzz hit you light ! suddenly the headlight of all the car come on full . reverse shot . judy . she be in the center of the glare . behind she we see the other kid filing out of they car , hurry toward the edge of the bluff . the sound of the two motor revving then die and revving again . Inside jim 's car . jim grip the wheel firmly , relax he hand to rub he palm together and crack he knuckle . he grip the wheel again . step on the accelerator , wind he engine into a roar . he let up , look tensely at -- buzz in he car . his chin jut forward . he let go of the wheel , start to comb he hair . slow pan shot . spectator stare off at the car . a boy have he arm around the girl in front of he , he cheek against hers . both be look off . some of the kid smoke . all be involved in the blast of engine . plato among the spectator near edge of the bluff . he be chew he lip . camera pan down to show that the finger of both he hand be tightly cross . Close shot . judy stare tensely into the glare . suddenly she raise she hand high above she head . Close shot . jim sweat it out . he lean forward , squinting , ready . Close shot . buzz . he put he comb between he tooth and clamp it hard . he settles himself for the run . Long shot . Plateau . the car be in close , see from the rear . judy be a small distant figure , arm stretch high . the exhaust blast . now she drop she arm . the car leap ahead . med. shot. judy . she whirl to see the car snap by , then begin run up the center of the plateau between the line of spectator . full shot . spectator . shoot over they shoulder as the car approach and scream past . pit shot . Cars . as they approach , gain speed , and thunder over the camera . Inside jim 's car . ( process ) . he be tense . Inside buzz 's car . ( process ) . his hand hard on the wheel . the comb be still between he tooth . he begin edging toward the door on he leave . move close shot . judy bite hard on she finger , as she run forward . Close shot . plato . both hand cover he mouth . the finger be still cross . Inside jim 's car . ( process ) . as he edge to he leave . he be drive with one hand . he open the door , get set for he jump . Inside buzz 's car . ( process ) . he reach for the door handle and miss . as he raise he arm to reach again , the strap of he windbreaker sleeve slip over the handle . he look down in panic , then back at the drop ahead . he tug but can not get the sleeve loose . closeup . plato stare . he shut he eye tight and keep they shut . shoot at back of the two car as they race through the row of light toward the edge . Inside jim 's car . ( process ) . his face be soak . he look once toward buzz -- then ahead . his eye widen in fear . he shove leave and fling himself forward , and out . outside jim 's car as he sprawl forward -- into camera . Inside buzz 's car . ( process ) . buzz lean way forward now . he seem to rise in he seat . his mouth open and the comb fall out . full shot spectator stare in disbelief . suddenly a youth duck he face into the neck of he girlfriend so he cannot see . at the same instant -- crowd ( in a single breath ) oh ! rear view . Edge of the bluff as the two car go over . there be no human sound . Close shot . jim as he stop roll . buzz 's car in flight . ( special effect ) . the car soar through the night , the vehicle of a terrible journey . med. shot. buzz . ( process ) . surprise have go . he ride lightly on the thrill of he last moment -- then suddenly , he face twist in a spasm of protest and loss . the kid stare at he flight . jim unaware of the disaster - - glad he make it . low angle . Edge of the bluff . with headlight blaze , both car dive down . med. shot . judy stand freeze as the spectator shove past and around she . Wide angle . Edge of the bluff as spectator swarm to it , stand look down . jim on hand and knee , try to rise . leg rush by he , knock he onto he face . Long shot . ( special effect ) . both car plunge into the ocean below . jim at edge of bluff . he be push through spectator . jim ( a harsh whisper ) where 's buzz ! where 's buzz ! plato work he way through the crowd . plato ( call ) Jim ! Jim ! crunch . crunch look up as he hear jim 's repeat cry . jim enter behind he , continue blindly on he way . crunch ( tight fury ) down there ! down there be buzz ! jim look over the edge . rear view . spectator . a siren wail approach . the kid wheel and scatter , panic past the camera . Close shot . moose . look at jim . run . Close shot . goon . turns. run . med. shot . jim see between leg of hurry kid . the siren and the pound of they foot on the hard turf . jim be sit on the edge of the bluff . plato rush in , stop short as he see he . plato come on , Jim ! we get to get out of here ! jim do not move . plato grab he arm and yank . plato get up ! get up ! come on ! jim stand . plato push he . plato go on ! move ! they start away , plato still push from behind . med. shot. judy . she be stand alone in the wind on the empty plateau . jim and plato move past in the distance . jim see she and stop . Close shot . judy . she be shudder violently but there be no tear . she seem not to see or hear or be aware of anything around she . full shot . jim and plato watch judy . jim move toward she , camera pan with he and leave plato behind . jim stand before judy until she notice he . he shake he head for all the sorrow he feel , but no word come . tentatively he offer she he hand . after a moment , she take it . she know only that help be be offer and that she will accept it with trust . jim lead she away toward the car . dissolve to : High long shot . jim 's street . night . there be no movement anywhere . in the house border the street a few light still burn . jim 's car approach out of distance and slow when it reach the alley . med. shot . jim 's car as it slow and stop . jim , judy and plato in the front seat . judy have the door open before the car even stop . she be shaking , agitate and withdraw . judy ( hardly audible ) this be fine -- she get out and start away , leave door open . jim ( call quietly ) Judy . will you be okay ? plato look at he . judy hesitates . jim raise a hand to she in a shy farewell . she smile vaguely , then hurry away from they . near jim 's backyard ( alley ) . jim and plato . jim I get to go in . you better get home too . ( touch plato ) hey -- what ? plato why do not you come home with I ? I mean nobody 's home at my house -- and I be not tired , be you ? I do not have many -- people I can talk to . jim who have ? plato if you want to come we could talk and then in the morning we could have breakfast like my dad use to -- ( pause - - then excitedly as though a idea have suddenly strike he ) gee ... if you could only have be my father ... we could ... jim ( interrupt ) hey ... you flip -- or something ? you better take off ... plato ( suddenly , pleasantly ) o.k. g'night . I get to pick up my scooter . see you tomorrow . jim yeah . plato turn , walk up the alley to the street . jim go into he kitchen door . hallway . judy 's house . Three door open onto it : one be close -- this be judy 's room : -- another , lead into beau 's room be open , but the room beyond be dark : the third , also open , reveal the bedroom of judy 's parent . as judy come into the hallway , the parent , who be read in they bed , look up . judy hesitates , then start toward she own room . beau ( o.s. ) ( quietly ) hello , little cute sister . judy stop . beau appear at he door in white pajamas , a small ghost . judy look at he . beau hello , darling , baby -pie , glamor - puss , sweetie - - judy touch beau 's head and try to smile . judy' father ( call from he bed ) Beau ! you belong in bed ! beau flee . judy turn without another glance at she parent , and open the door of she room . Inside bedroom of judy 's parent . as judy slam she bedroom door o.s. , the father react . perhaps , he wish she have give he a chance to say goodnight . the mother , who use read glass , look up at the slam . then she look over at she husband , shrug when she catch he gaze , and go back to she magazine . Inside jim 's live room . the television be on , but only a hum come from it , and the screen be a flicker gray . the father sit lumpily in a chair by the fireplace , still dress but with he collar open . the sound of jim 's step in the dining room make he open he eye . fear of face he son make he shut they again . the boy come in , a bottle of milk in he hand . see he father there , he stop short -- he impulse be to flee . instead he come in and look down at the sleep man whose eyelid , flutter in the father 's masquerade of sleep , make he seem to be have a dream . jim be tear between he desire to leave and he need to speak . he turn off the television quietly , then lie down on the couch across the way . he mumble the thing he would say to he father and the answer he feel he would get . the old man open he eye once , see the boy there , head bang upside down from the couch . then he shut they again . upside down long shot . room ( jim 's viewpoint ) . suddenly , invert in he vision , the mother appear at the head of the stair , in bathrobe and nightgown . she pause a moment , then run down cry : mother he 's home ! you be home ! you be all right ! the camera rights itself suddenly . jim as he complete he turn , pull he head up and sit . father as he pretend to awaken with a start . full shot , room as the mother hurry to jim , hold he , inspect he , kiss he . mother what happen , darling . we be so worried . I be go to take a sleep pill , but I would not till I know you be home . jim I have to talk to someone , Mom . I have to talk to you both . and dad this time you get to give I a answer . father go ahead . jim I be in terrible trouble . -- you know that big high bluff near Miller - town Junction ? father sure -- there be a bad accident there . they show the picture on t.v . jim I be in it . mother how ! jim it do not matter how . I be drive a steal car -- mother do you enjoy do this to I or what -- jim Mom -- I be not -- mother and you want he to make a list ! father will you let he tell it ! jim she never want to hear . she do not care ! mother I guess when I nearly die give birth to you -- that show how much I do not care ! father just relax , please relax ! jim I tell you dad , it be a question of honor . they call I chicken -- you know , chicken ! I have to go or I would never have be able to face any of that kid again . so I get in one of this car and a boy call buzz get in the other . we have to drive fast and jump before the car go over the edge of the bluff . I get out okay but buzz do not . he be kill . mother good Lord ! jim I can not keep it to myself anymore -- father well , just get it off you chest , son . jim that 's not what I mean . I have never do anything right . I have be go around with my head in a sling for year ... I do not want to drag you into this but I can not help it . I do not think I can prove anything by go around pretend I be tough any more , so maybe you look like one thing but you still feel like another . father you be absolutely right ! jim be you listen to I ? you be involved in this ! I want to go to the police and tell they I be mix up in this thing tonight ? father you what ? mother no ! father do anyone see you there ? I mean do they get you license number or anything ? jim I do not think so -- father well -- mother what about the other boy -- do you think they will go to the police ? jim what 's that get to do with it ? mother why should you be the only one . father look Jim . Far be it from I to tell you what to do , but there 's -- mother be you go to preach now ? be we go to have a sermon ? father I be just explain what you mean ! you can not be a idealist all you life ! nobody thanks you for stick you neck out ! mother that 's right ! jim except yourself ! father will you wait a minute ? jim you do not want I to go . mother no ! I do not want you to go to the police ! there be other people and why should you be the only one involved ! jim but I be involved ! we be all involved , Mom ! a boy be kill ! I do not see how we can get out of that by pretend it do not happen ! father you know you do wrong . that 's the main thing , be not it ? jim no ! it 's nothing ! just nothing ! you always tell I to tell the truth . you think you can just turn that off ? mother he 's not say that ! he 's say do not volunteer ! jim just tell a little white lie ? father you will learn as you get a little older , Jim . jim I do not want to learn that ! mother well , it do not matter anyhow -- because we be move . jim no ! you be not tear I loose any more . mother do I have to spell it out ? jim you be not go to use I as a excuse again , Mom . every time you can not face yourself you want to move and you say it 's because of I or the neighborhood or some other phony excuse . now I want to do one thing right and I be not let you run away . ( silence ) dad ? father son-- this be all happen so fast -- jim you better give I something , dad . you better give I something ( stop as he see the emptiness in they ) Mom ? mother Jimmy , you be very young -- and a foolish decision now could wreck you whole life . jim dad -- answer she - - be not you go to stand up for I ? the father be mute , helpless ... suddenly jim scream . jim dad ? he leap at he father , drag he to he foot , hand at the man 's throat . mother stop it ! you will kill he ! Jim ! do you want to kill you father ? suddenly jim loosen he hand and rise . he look swiftly at each of they -- move a few step toward the door , look back at they again -- then rush out of the house . the parent stand freeze . dissolve to : outside precinct Station . jim 's car come to a stop at the curb . jim get out and approach the flight of step lead up the entrance . a bare bulb on either side be the only illumination . as he mount the first step , the double door above he swing open revealing several people . jim stop short . so do they . low angle . crunch , moose and they parent . jim 's back in f.g . the boy stare down at he . High angle . jim ( from the boy ' point of view ) as he stare up at they . moose 's father take he arm and start he down the stair , the other move too . moose let go of I -- moose's father you want a good crack in the mouth ? jim start forward up the step . crunch grab he . crunch this place appeal to you or something ? they move down the step as jim break away and continue up . he go through the door . Inside door as jim come through and stop . he look back through the glass . we see the group reach the curb where they car be park . there be a brief discussion which we cannot hear , then crunch and moose move off to moose 's car . jim turn back . he look worried as he pass camera . med. shot . crunch and moose . they stop at moose 's car and look back at the entrance . the parent be see beyond they , get into they car . crunch be near tear with anger . crunch what 's he go to pull -- moose nothing , crunch . they pick he up like the rest of -- crunch you see any cop ? moose's father ( yell ) you monster start home . we be go to -- moose yeah . yeah . moose's father we be follow you so better get there . crunch you see any cop ? moose no -- crunch he 's go to cheese , I tell you . nobody arrest he ! moose I think I should go home . crunch no . we be go to bring he down . moose crunch -- my father 's -- you go to kill he ? crunch ( cry ) you clean out of you head ? come on ! crunch get into the car . moose follow . they gun the motor and throw the car into a sharp u-turn . moose's father jump into he car . he step on the starter but nothing happen -- just the empty whirring , over and over . finally it start , but the boy have go . Inside precinct Station . juvenile division . a desk sergeant be write in the record book . facing he across the desk and handcuff to a officer be a young hoodlum , very different in appearance from the kid we have meet - - a typical duck - tail ' cat ' . sergeant ( spelling ) w-o- j-t -what ? hoodlum o-w-i-c -Z . wojtowicz . what 's the matter , man ? that 's the craziest name in town ! it swing ! jim Excuse I -- but -- you know where I can find -- I mean I do not remember he last name -- sergeant look -- can not you see I be write ? hoodlum ( comb he duck - tail ) man , this cat never stop . he just keep go like Big jay at a session ! officer shut up . hoodlum he 's write a book about I -- sergeant what I could write about you they would not print . jim I think he first name 's Ray -- I have to see he . it 's very important . sergeant what 's the charge ? officer assault with a deadly weapon . jim listen -- sergeant ( annoyed ) he 's not here . he 's not at juvenile Hall . I do not know where he be . he 's out on a call and he will be out all night . how old be you ? jim my parent know I be out . they know I be here . sergeant come back tomorrow . jim I will wait for he . sergeant why do not you come back tomorrow , son ? ( to hoodlum ) ever be book before ? jim turn away , notice a phone on the wall -- put in a coin , ask for a number . bedroom of judy 's parent . through a open door we hear a radio play -- a late disc -jockey show for teenager in which number be dedicated by request . judy' mother and father be in bed , father have phone in he hand . judy' father who want she ? who ? Jim who ? never hear of you . he hang up phone , look at he wife . she roll over in bed . the father turn off the bed lamp , then sit up , worried in the dark . judy 's bedroom . it be she radio we have hear . she turn off light , open the door a crack , and look out toward she parent 's room . dissolve to : travel shot . plato . he be come up the walk to he house . when plato have come a few foot , somebody whistle . plato and camera stop . short , quiet whistle come from the boxwood and shrubbery on both side of the walk . plato turn and start to run , camera follow . he get to he door , try the key , but in he panic it will not go into the lock . suddenly a hand reach in and jerk he around . crunch stand above he . goon close in from the other side . all very tense and hotted up ! plato what do you want ! crunch you know what we want . we want you friend . goon we get eye for he . plato listen , you guy ought to go home . the cop be cruise every -- goon where do he live ? plato reach up swiftly and ring the bell . goon grab he . crunch crack he . crunch you better tell we and I be not kid . plato my old man 's get a gun . goon his old man 's get a gun . what do you think of that ! ( drive a hard blow at plato 's belly ) you friend talk -- ( belt he again ) now you talk ! talk ! the door open and the negro woman be there . crunch send plato spin into the house past she . he fall . negro woman ( yell ) what you do ! what you do to he ! you clear out of here ' fore I call the police ! she swing at crunch who face she , challenging . negro woman clear out . go on ! go on now ! moose let 's go , crunch . they turn and move past camera . plato get up off the floor . we hear the sound of a heap start . the negro woman close the door . Inside plato 's foyer as negro woman bolt the door . negro woman why you like to mix with bad boy like that ? why you get in trouble all the -- plato I have to go out . I have to warn he . he start up the stair . she follow he heavily . negro woman you not go anywhere ! you stay home while you mama 's away . bedroom of plato 's mother , a lacy affair with import doll on the pillow . plato rush in , open the drawer of the night - table and pull out a gun . he check to see that it be load . the negro woman appear in the door and stare at he , turn on the light which illuminate the bed-lamp . negro woman John ! what you do with that ! you leave that be ! put it down before you hurt yourself . hear I ? but plato move past she and out of the room . she turn after he . negro woman ( continue ) John ! you stay home ! John ! John ! the slam of a door be hear below . dissolve to : jim 's garage . night . judy wait inside . jim 's car pull in , a radio go softly . he turn the motor off and be about to turn off the radio when we hear the announcer : announcer come up now another request -- this time from the boy down at Anna 's pizza paradise -- a new arrangement of a great oldie in rhythm and blue . Jim , this be dedicated to you -- from buzz . jim stare at the radio , then turn it off . another angle . judy they will be look for you . jim they see where I jump ! I do not chicken ! what do I have to do -- kill myself ? judy it do not matter to they . jim you be look for I , be not you ? judy ( a small voice ) no -- I be just -- maybe -- jim I try to call you before . judy I think so . jim want some milk ? judy come forward . jim that 's all I can do when I be nervous . drink milk . here -- have a slug . she shake she head . he take a sip . jim you still pretty upset ? judy I be numb . she be shudder a little . jim you cold ? judy even if I be near a fire , I be cold . I guess just about everybody 's cold . jim I swear , sometimes , you just want to hold onto somebody ! Judy , what be I go to do ? I can not go home again . judy neither can i. jim no ? why not ? ( no answer ) you know something ? sometimes I figure I will never live to see my next birthday . be not that dumb ? judy no . jim every day I look in the mirror and say , " what ? you still here ? " man ! they laugh a little . jim hey ! you smile ! judy shake she head -- beginning to warm to he . jim like even today . I wake up this morning , you know ? and the sun be shine and everything be nice . then the first thing that happen be I see you and I think this be go to be one terrific day so you better live it up , boy , ' cause tomorrow maybe you will be nothing . judy I be sorry I treat you mean today . you should not believe what I say when I be with the kid . nobody act sincere . jim why would you get mix up with they ? you do not have to prove anything . judy if you know I you would not say that . jim I do not think you trust anybody , do you ? judy why ? jim I be get that way , too . judy ( look at he ) have you ever go with anyone who -- jim sure . lot of time . judy so have I . but I have never be in love . be not that awful ? jim ( smile ) awful ? no . it 's just lonely . it 's the loneliest time . she look up . he kiss she forehead . judy why do you do that ? jim I feel like it . judy you lip be soft when you kiss . judy rise . jim where you go ? judy I do not know , but we can not stay here . jim where can we go ? I can not go back into that zoo . judy I be never go back . jim listen ! I know a place ! plato show I before . a old desert mansion near the planetarium ( rise ) would you go with I ? judy hesitates . jim you can trust I , Judy . judy I feel as if I be walk under water . they start out . dissolve to : Inside bathroom . jim 's house . the water be run in the sink and jim 's father be fix a stomach settler . gradually he grow aware of a heavy pound which insinuate itself above the splash of water . the father pause , then turn off the tap . the pound continue . jim' mother appear at the bathroom door . she be see in the mirror tie she robe . mother Frank ? I be frighten . father what 's that pound ? mother I do not know . first I think it be Jim but -- father he 's home . I hear the car . mother be you go down there ? father look -- just relax , will you ? the pound cease . father see ? it stop . mother I still think you should go down . he go out of the bathroom , into the hall . foyer . jim 's house as the father come down the stair , turn on the light as he come . he reach the door and pause . the mother stop midway down the stair . father ( through the door ) who 's there ? ( silence ) anyone there ? mother ( low ; at balustrade ) open it . the father open the door and look up sharply . Close shot . door. father 's head in f.g. as he stare at it . naile to the door by its outstretch wing , its head hang in a attitude of crucifixion , be the freshly kill carcass of a chicken . low whistle be hear from outside . the father , frighten , look out into the night . full shot . Front lawn and street . shoot over the father 's head . the whistling continue . father ( hoarsely ) who 's out there ? voice where 's you son ? father what ? another voice where 's you baby boy go to , daddy ? we want he . suddenly the father slam the door and rush past we into the house . full shot . foyer as the father rush to the bottom of the stair . father look in he room ! the mother disappear . father Jim ! Jim ! the father dash into the live room , then into the hall again and down through the kitchen door . back yard as the father come out . he close the door quietly and call in a low voice : father Son ? he stare around the yard , then hurry to the garage . jim 's car be miss . he look up suddenly . reverse shot . judy' father see across the alley wall . he be stand in he own back yard . judy' father be anything wrong ? I be you neighbor . med. shot . jim' father . he smile feebly . father oh , no , thanks . I just want to -- to be sure my garage be close . jim' father close he garage door and walk back toward he house . mother ( o.s. ) be he there ? father no , honey . no , he 's not here . he start for the house again after a quick look in the direction of judy' father . full shot . judy 's back yard . judy' father watch mr. stark disappear , then ... judy' father ( softly ) Judy ? the alley by jim 's house . plato drive up on scooter . he check the garage , see jim 's car be go , be about to take off in confusion , hear door slam in jim 's back yard , shut off engine , fix tie , comb hair , go in the fence gate to jim 's back yard . full shot . jim 's back yard . jim' father be come toward he . jim' father and plato simultaneously say : father what be you do ? plato where 's Jim ? father I do not know . do you -- do you know where he be ? plato no . no , I do not . closeup . plato remember about the mansion -- then almost to himself : plato I know where -- back to full shot . father and plato . plato hope I do not bother you . goodnight . he run to scooter . father hey , come back here . who be you ? dissolve to : Split screen montage . it begin with a telephone ringing alone in the corner of the screen . as camera move back we see that the phone be in a office at juvenile Hall . ray be stand by , try to make sense out of the income report . the other part of the screen light up and become : bedroom of plato' mother where the negro woman be speak hysterically into the phone . bedroom of judy 's parent . the father be on the phone . beau have awaken and be cry . his mother try to divert he . jim 's bedroom . jim' father sit disconsolately on the bed , the phone in he hand . he be talk earnestly . during this the sound of the telephone ringing have increase to become the sound of many and this have be submerge in a deep rise riot of siren whose wail mount higher and higher until : dissolve to : full shot . planetarium . moonlight . a lone siren wail in distance . aside from this , all be very still . camera pan past the dome and settles on a isolate mansion set high on a hill nearby . Stone balustrade drop down to sink garden where the grass have go to seed around a waterless fountain . closer shot . mansion . night . a Mediterranean villa with a large dome solarium which be connect to the main building by a low enclose arcade . a crash and the fall of splinter glass be hear . Long shot . promenade . shoot through pillar of the main entrance portico , down the long promenade outside arcade . two figure , see in the distance , be disappear through a window . camera track down promenade until it reach a break window through which jim be just disappear . when he get inside , he reach back and take he leather jacket which have be spread on the sill to protect they from splinter , shake it out and put it on . running footstep be hear approach . jim look out nervously . plato burst in , out of breath . plato Jim ! jim who 's that ! plato it 's I ! jim how would you find I ? what 's happen ? plato they be look for you !-- jim yeah ? plato everybody ! crunch and goon and everybody ! I think they be go to kill you . jim we know . plato they think you tell the police on they . they -- who 's in there ? jim Judy . plato help I in ! jim give plato a hand over the windowsill . Inside arcade . jim and judy be see in a enter shaft of moonlight . plato hit the floor and disappear into darkness . jim hey where would you go ? plato I be here . shut up . jim come out come out wherever you be ! plato shut up . be you nut ? jim no. I be scared . a match flare and light a candle on a antique Spanish candelabra . plato be reveal bend over it . he light the other candle through the follow : plato we be safe here . I hope. ( hold up candelabra ) what do you think ? jim ( gaze around ) wow ! well now - there - then ! his wonderment be justified . the floor of the arcade be marble and there be marble bench and neo-roman bust lining the wall . plato be not it crazy ? jim wowee ow wow ! let 's take it for the summer . judy oh , Jim ! jim no -- come on . should we rent or be we in a buy mood , dear ? judy ( laugh ) you decide , darling . remember we budget . plato do not give it a think . only three million dollar a month ! judy oh , we can manage that ! I will scrimp and save and work my finger to the bone ... jim why do not we just rent it for the season ? judy you see , we have just -- oh , you tell he , darling . I be so embarrassed I could die ! jim well -- we be newlywed . judy there 's just one thing . what about -- plato Children ? well , we really do not encourage they . they be so noisy and troublesome , do not you agree ? judy yes . and so terribly annoying when they cry . I just do not know what to do when they cry , do you dear ? jim of course . drown they like puppy . judy see , we be very modern . plato shall I show you the nursery ? it 's far away from the rest of the house . if you have child -- oh I hate the word ! -- or if you decide to adopt one -- they can carry on and you will never even notice . in fact , if you lock they in you never have to see they again , much less talk to they . judy talk to they ! heavens ! jim nobody talk to child ! they just tell they one thing and mean another . plato it 's wonderful that you understand so well -- and so young too ! you know the most wonderful feature about the nursery ? jim what ? plato there 's only one key . jim we will take it ! plato come on ! plato lead they away from we down the arcade , the candelabra casting wild shadow on the wall . they be laugh as they disappear through the glass door at the end and they laughter echoe stonily . dissolve to : med. shot . a street and a alley . night see through the windshield of a police car . its radio be on low . two officer be in the front seat . one of they drink coffee from a container . suddenly moose 's heap move past on the street ahead . in it be moose , goon and crunch . full shot . the street as moose 's heap continue up the empty street . the police car slide out of the alley where it have be conceal , and follow at a distance . its headlight be off . Close shot . crunch , goon and moose ( process ) . they be in the front seat of moose 's heap . moose what time be it ? crunch hang loose . we get all night . moose that may see we . she could identify we too . crunch you still want to go home , moose ? moose no . crunch then shut you mouth before you gut run out ! goon what gut ? dissolve to : Inside glass solarium . a swim pool lie at the center . there be no water in it . framing the pool be a flagstone walk with marble bench spot here and there . the great glass room have once be plant thickly with tropical foliage . but now what palm and lianas remain be withere and dead with lack of care . at the edge of the pool , near the deep end , a blanket have be spread and a candelabra burn upon it . in its mysterious light we three kid be reveal : jim , bounce precariously at the end of the diving board ; judy on the blanket nearby ; plato on the pool 's bottom . all three be laugh hysterically when suddenly jim start to lose he balance . jim ( yell ) Quick ! fill the pool ! jim fall in . plato rush to he . jim let 's see how long we can stay under . plato man , you be schizoid ! jim ( in another outburst of laugh ) I be what ? what ? judy you can not talk underwater ! jim ( gargle ) I bet you hear everything I say ! plato ( gargle ) be not he schizoid ? jim ( gargle ) hey ! how ' bout that ! they laugh again . jim swing up the ladder and go to judy . plato follow . plato have not you notice you personality split ? jim not lately . they all sit on the blanket . jim how do you know so much about this junk , plato ? plato I have to go to a head -shrinker . I only go twice though . my mother say it cost too much , so she go to Hawaii instead . jim lie back with he head in judy 's lap . she stroke he hair and smile at he . plato look away . jim no. seriously . what 's you trouble ? plato hesitates a moment , then lean back , cuddle between the two of they . plato I do not know but whatever it be , it 's go now . I mean I be happy now . here . jim put he arm under plato 's chin . plato I come here before . jim when be that ? plato when I be here ? when I run away . I use to run away a lot but they always take I back . jim who ? plato Mom and dad . I use to be in my crib and I would listen to they fight . jim you remember that far back ? Boy , I can not even remember yesterday . judy plato , where 's you father now ? plato he 's dead . he be a hero in the China Sea . jim you tell I he 's a big wheel in New York ! plato I do ? well , he might as well be dead . what 's the difference ? judy it 's all right . jim sure . plato close he eye . judy hum a lullaby as she stroke jim 's lip with a finger . he snap at it . then he kiss she hand , look at she palm . they whisper . jim ( continue ) you have a long life-line . she take he palm and examine it . judy so have you . she kiss it , hold she cheek against it . jim ever be in a place like this before ? judy not exactly . it 's certainly huge . jim how many room do you think there be ? judy I do not know . jim should we explore ? she look at plato . jim shrug -- test to see if the boy be awake , but there be no reaction . carefully , they crawl to they foot . jim support plato 's head with he hand as they do so . jim take the other blanket and cover plato with it . judy kneel on the other side and tuck it in . they look at each other across he and smile . then suddenly judy bend down and kiss plato 's cheek very softly . judy and jim rise . jim take a candle from the candelabra and lead judy along the edge of the pool to the glass door beyond . silence except for they footfalls on the flagstone . in the distance we see the door open and the couple pass through . when they close again , a sob come from plato . High angle closeup . plato lie as they leave he , but he eye be open and he be cry . camera boom up as plato throw off the blanket and look after they . camera boom higher until he be reveal as a small and lonely figure sit by himself . the pool echoe he weep . dissolve to : Inside library . mansion . night . the door open slowly and jim appear with the candle . judy linger at the door . the flicker light reveal a formerly lavish room , panele in oak . there be a tapestry couch , empty bookcase , some dim portrait , a leather table and several chair around a great stone fireplace . jim hey ! will you look at this room ! ( look behind he ) Judy ? she come forward . jim drip wax on the table - top and stick the candle on it . his hand shake . judy sit on the couch . jim ( continue ) want to read any book ? take you pick ! ( sit beside she ) be not this the craziest ? judy hi. jim hi. he take she hand . she look at he and smile . jim ( continue ) what ? judy you hand 's all wet and it 's shaky . ( kiss it ) you be so funny . jim why ? judy I do not know - - you just be . leave a light for plato . that be nice . jim maybe he 's scared of the dark . judy be you ? jim snuff out the candle . they be leave in moonlight . a pause . jim ( sing ) here we be -- out of cigarettes -- junior 's in the nurs'ry -- see how late it get -- judy you do not need to do that . jim there 's something I should tell you , Judy . judy I know already . we do not have to pretend now . jim ( laugh ) what a relief ! he lean back , relaxed at last . she snuggle close to he . judy be this what it 's like to love somebody ? jim you disappointed ? judy ( muss she hair ) funny Jimmy . you be so clean and you -- this be silly . jim what ? judy you smell like baby powder . jim so do you . judy I never feel so clean before . jim it 's not go to be lonely , Judy . not for you and not for I . judy I love somebody . all the time I have be look for someone to love I and now -- I love somebody . and it 's so easy . why be it easy now ? jim it be for I too . judy I love you , Jim . I really mean it . she kiss he lip gently and look into he face . he return the kiss . they arm go around each other . jim I mean it too . he kiss she again -- full shot . Road near planetarium . moose 's heap crawl up and turn leave . a moment later , the police car appear and do likewise -- still hold its distance . full shot . the mansion as moose 's heap move past on the road below . suddenly it stop . Inside moose 's heap . crunch look off , curious . goon what you stop for ? crunch you scam a car up there ? mother so what ? crunch nobody 's live in that hunk of junk for five - six year . he switch on the spotlight . it illuminate jim 's heap . crunch well , what do you know ! I feel a kick come on ! he turn off all the light and get out . the other follow . med. shot . Police car . it have halt . one of the officer get out and draw he gun . the other make radio contact in a low voice : officer this be unit 17 . unit 17 . radio come in , unit 17 . officer we just zeroed three kid in a heap . crest drive and observatory . look like house -break . send we some help . they may be armed . over . Close shot . plato asleep on the blanket . only a single candle burn in the candelabra . the same low whistle hear earlier come from all around he and rise in volume . suddenly he eye open . he do not move , but he have come suddenly awake . low shot . plato lie in f.g. next to he face be a pair of boot foot . he look up . camera pan up to show crunch . he be smile . he hold a tire chain in he hand which he swing . crunch good morning . full shot . the swim pool . goon and moose be behind crunch . they too be armed with tire chain . they all laugh . plato roll away from they and run toward the deep end of the pool . crunch moose ! take the step ! goon ! the other side . the boy run to they assign place . plato see no exit . he fling himself down the ladder and into the pool . he feint this way and that , the boy respond as if they be fencing . crunch swing down the ladder and he boot make a loud report as they hit the pool . moose advance down the step at the shallow end . goon climb onto the pool bottom at the opposite side . the feint continue , wordlessly , as the circle close around plato . the only sound be the stamp of they boot as they try to distract he from side to side , and the animalistic grunt they make to scare he . suddenly plato see a open and plunge past moose , push he over , and stumble up the step . crunch come on ! let 's make it ! they stream out of the pool after plato . he reach the glass door first , streak though , and bang they shut behind he . travel shot . arcade . plato 's face be visible only when the moonlight strike he through the pass window . the sound of run step behind he . full shot . Main room . a pattern of moonlight on the bare floor as plato dash in and through it . he fall over a piece of furniture and come scurrying in to camera , wheel around on hand and knee to face the door . the boy plunge into the moonlit square and stop . plato try not to breathe . a match be strike . crunch look around , but can see nothing . that match go out . the boy start up the stair , whisper . immediately , plato crawl forward , under the piano . he hear a murmur of voice from behind the oak door of the library -- next to the piano . he move to it stealthily . Close shot , plato at door listen through it , on hand and knee . his confusion mount . he shake he head to clear it . then , suddenly he rise and try the knob . the door be lock . he beat on it . plato save I ! the boy run across the room . as they hit the moonlit square . plato spin and fire . somebody drop and start moan . jim open the door . plato ( shriek ) what you run out on I for ! what you leave I alone for ? jim plato ! there be a rush of boy come forward . plato ( with hate ) I do not want you for my father ! jim you father ! plato fire at jim . jim leap at plato with a cry and knock he down . jim ( in rage ) you crazy nut ! you crazy , crazy nut ! plato ( scream ) get away from I ! he roll away from jim and run to the main door . judy Jim ! Main door , from inside . plato fall upon it , fumble with the bolt and swing the door wide . he step out into the wane moonlight and we see he run down the lawn . jim rush into the doorway and stop short . full shot . mansion . the officer be move away from we toward it . plato run wildly toward they . officer ( sharply ) halt ! plato stop , confuse . officer ( continue ) come here . jim run out on the promenade and start over the balustrade . jim plato ! Close shot . plato . his face be work desperately in grow panic . officer ( o.s. ) come here , son . plato no ! jim ( o.s. ) plato ! officer ( o.s. ) just walk over here quietly now -- and there will not be any trouble . plato run out . Close shot . jim as he scream . jim plato ! full shot . Main doorway as judy rush out , follow by goon and moose . they all stop dead at the balustrade . judy Jim ! watch out ! reverse shot . lawn . jim see in f.g. plato bolt toward the wood in the direction of the planetarium . the officer have both hit the ground in the distance . they fire again . jim hesitates a moment , then rush after plato . the officer fire again . move shot . jim as he run after plato . med. shot . officer as they rise to they foot . first officer take the house ! I will head he off . full shot . Front of mansion . judy fly down the stair and rush past camera . officer ( o.s. ) halt ! halt ! prowl car . another part of town ( process ) . ray be drive . jim 's father be beside he . the mother be in the back seat . radio -- locate at summit drive - - the planetarium . ray ( snap on mike ) the planetarium ? one kid inside -- five housebreake in area . will proceed . ( turn to jim 's parent ) there be some kid in trouble -- you will have to go with I . father perfectly all right . Edge of wood as jim hurtle in from the open ground beyond . he stumble against a tree and sink down . jim ( yell ) plato ! travel shot in the wood as plato rush through the moonlit tree , sobbing . jim ( o.s. ) ( distant ) plato ! med. shot . jim at the base of a tree . he be whimper , shaking he head . judy crash through the brush and drop beside he . judy do he hit you ? she be on the verge of hysteria . jim no ! judy we have to go back ! jim no ! I get to find he . he start to rise . judy after he try to shoot you ? jim he do not mean it -- we should not have leave he . he need we . judy he need you , maybe . so do i. there be a sound of distant gunfire . both kid freeze . jim he need you too . come on . judy , break into a run , follow after he through the brush . judy you should have hear he talk about you tonight . like you be the hero in the China Seas . jim sure . he be try to make we he family . judy they be kill he ! jim run ahead blindly and disappear in the tree . judy rush after he a few step , then stop . judy and jim run . plato run . the planetarium . moonlight . shoot from the bridle path and pan to the building . plato reel in and go to the front door . med. shot . door to planetarium . plato clutches the handle . the door be lock . he whimper once in frustration . med. shot . policeman run up same path plato have follow . plato at door to planetarium . he smashes the glass with he gun and dive through . Inside planetarium as plato land . he be cut and bleed . officer ( o.s. ) come out of there . plato wheel and skitter backward across the floor of the observatory on he hand and knee until he come to the door of the planetarium theater . reverse shot . Main entrance . see from inside . the officer in b.g. , plato in f.g . the officer appear in the entrance , then move quickly to one side to be less of a target . he reach in to unlatch the door . officer you be make it tough on yourself , kid . come out quietly now . you do not kill anybody yet . plato fire at he , then open the door of the planetarium theater and run inside . the door swing shut behind he . outside planetarium . the officer be hugging the outside wall . another siren wail and a spotlight catch the officer who run out into the light . officer ( run ) need a little help here ! full shot . parking lot as the chief 's car wheel to a stop . it be follow by a civilian car and a cab . chief 's car . chief we hear fire . he get anybody ? you alone ? officer we get a cookaboo inside . he wounded some kid earlier . chief how would he get in ? officer smashed the front door . chief any other entrance ? officer ( leave ) down in back . med. shot . bushes border planetarium as jim climb through they and stop short , stare in amazement . judy be in b.g. full shot . parking lot . jim see in f.g. hide in the screen of leave . Beyond we see the full activity -- the crowd , the car , searchlight play on the planetarium entrance , police move in under direction of the chief . chief ( loud on speaker ) silence . please maintain silence . keep back and stay off the pavement . keep back and stay off the pavement . there will be emergency vehicle come through . this warning be for you own protection . ray 's prowl car come in . jim 's parent climb out , curious . ray hurry to consult with a officer who brief he , then hurry to the chief 's car . parking lot . several patrol car now line the parking lot . the negro woman in she nightgown and overcoat push forward from a cab and accost a officer . negro woman what 's go on ? officer I do not know , lady . some kid 's in trouble . stand back , please . negro woman I get to know . my boy run off tonight . he have a gun with he , too . med. shot . chief 's car as ray hurry in . chief hello , Ray -- know anything about this ? ray as much as you do -- loan I you mike , will you ? chief ( hand it to he ) help yourself . ray ( into mike ) I be address the boy in the planetarium . I be speak to the boy inside . this be Ray framek from the juvenile division -- Close -up jim as he react to ray 's name . he rise and look off . ray ( o.s. ) ( over speaker ) you be now surround . you be surround by many armed police . whoever you be , drop you weapon and come outside . med. shot . jim' father stand by ray 's car , gaze off with interest . his wife come out and stand beside he , look at he questioningly . ray ( o.s. ) ( over speaker ) come outside . clasp you hand over you head and come outside quietly -- the father 's gaze have travel over the scene . suddenly he see he son follow by judy , run into the planetarium . mother Frank ! father stay here . ( go over to ray ) that be my son ! ray you sure ? father I think I know my son . the father move behind the crowd , camera truck with he , until he reach the bush at the edge of the parking lot and stop , gather himself . meanwhile ray 's voice continue over : ray ( o.s. ) ( over speaker ) Jim Stark ! I be address Jim Stark . nobody will harm you or you friend if you follow this instruction . we be here to protect you . Drop you gun and come outside . nobody will hurt you if you do as I say -- the father start forward along the bush as if stalking game . each step be carefully place and quiet , but he heart tug he along like a kite drag a anchor . chief officer ! another boy and girl just run into the planetarium . we do not know if they be armed . hold you position until further instruction . Inside planetarium as jim come dash in , spin around , stare . judy follow . a siren be hear outside grow shrill . chief ( o.s. ) ( over speaker ) ambulance . ambulance be come through . clear a passage . will you people make way there ? floodlight strike the door and illuminate the lobby dimly . jim ( softly ) plato ? silence . jim move cautiously to the door of the planetarium theater . judy hang back . another siren be hear approach . more floodlight strike the door . jim ( continue - call softly ) plato ? plato , you in there ? ( silence ) hey , I be go to open the door now . you will be able to see I and you can shoot I if you want , but just remember one thing , plato - - you be my friend . that mean a lot to I . jim open the door slowly . Inside theater . darkness except for the splash of light from the door where jim stand in silhouette . he let the door close . blackness . jim plato ? plato I be here . jim Boy , I be blind as a bat ! you get a match ? I be go to break my neck in here . where be you ? plato I have get a gun . jim I know . Light a match , will you ? plato obey . jim that 's swell . how be you ? plato I be fine . another siren be hear outside . jim have reach the lecturer 's desk and , just as the match go out , he throw a switch . the star appear on the dome and the projector start its slow revolution . plato you think the end of the world will come at nighttime , Jim ? jim no . at dawn . plato why ? jim I just have a feel . where be you ? plato here . jim well , stop hide and stand up . I can not talk to you if I do not see you . jim wait . nothing happen . jim hey , look at the star , plato . stand up and look at the star . plato rise from behind a row , then jim continue : jim that 's fine . jim approach slowly . jim I be not go to hurt you . plato why do you run out on I ? jim we do not run out . we be come right back . plato you sure ? jim sure I be sure . Judy 's wait . you ready to come out now ? a siren be hear . plato no. jim I promise nothing will happen if you do . ( silence ) you want my jacket ? it 's warm . jim take off he jacket and hold it out to plato . plato can I keep it ? jim what do you think ? jim give he the jacket -- plato put it on . jim you want to give I you gun now , plato ? plato my gun ? jim in you pocket . give it to I . plato I need it . jim you trust I , do not you ? just give it to I for a second . plato hand he the gun . jim remove the cartridge and put they in he pocket . plato you promise to give it back . jim Friends never break promise , do they ? ( give he back the gun ) okay . here . now listen . there be a lot of people outside and they all want you to be safe . you understand that ? they say I could come in and bring you out . plato why ? jim they like you . okay ? plato come on ! jim open the door for plato , then follow he out . judy join they . judy hi , plato ! plato hi. observatory as jim , judy and plato come to the entrance . plato see a officer . plato who 's that ? jim just a guard . plato I shot at one of they . jim but you do not hurt anybody . outside observatory as plato and jim come forward into the early dawn . plato stop and look off , scared . slow pan shot . the crowd . it have grow enormously . silence . there be armed officer everywhere -- all wait , alert . med. shot . negro woman . her eye be moist . her lip move in silent prayer . med. shot . jim 's parent . the father look on anxiously . the mother be cry against the car . med. shot. jim and plato . plato that be not my friend . make they go away . jim ( tense ; call past camera ) Ray ! will you tell this guy to move back ? suddenly plato bolt . jim wheel after he . jim ( yell ) plato ! do not be a fool ! full shot . planetarium as plato dash to the stairway lead to the balcony . jim' father and mother . they face reflect panic as they see plato run in jim 's coat . mother it 's Jim ! full shot . balcony . shoot down the stair as plato rush up . jim close behind he . camera pan with plato as he climb the ladder to the ledge of the small dome . jim stop at the foot of the ladder . jim plato ! plato keep away from I ! I do not believe you anymore ! he raise the gun as if to shoot jim . a officer drop to one knee and fire a shot at plato . full shot . small dome . plato drop like a stone to jim 's foot . close-up. jim . jim ( scream - - wildly ) but I have get the bullet ! the gun be empty ! Close shot . negro woman as she scream , a handkerchief in she mouth . Close shot . judy . she sob once and run up step . med. shot . jim stare down at plato . jim plato ? ( crouch over plato ) plato . hey , jerkpot ! there be nothing . he rise and face the crowd , shaking he head in wonder and reproach . jim ( quiet ) what do you have to do that for ? full shot , the roof . Parents and officer . the negro woman be hysterical . ray shove past she , follow by jim' father and mother . they rush toward camera . ambulance crew . they spring into action , arrive with stretcher . the balcony . jim be at plato 's side . a couple of officer rush forward to take jim . the father come in and push they aside . father let he alone ! he 's mine ! I will take care of he ! ray , who have witness this , motion to the officer . ray it 's all right ! it 's all right ! the father stare down at jim for a moment . then he kneel beside he son , put he coat over jim 's shoulder . he speak very gently . father for a minute ... that jacket ... I think ... ( break off , then ) you could not help it , son . ( reach out , gently , but firmly ) you do everything a man could do . he take jim by the elbow and start to bring he to he foot . the boy suddenly resist , and remain kneel . father stand up , Jim . I will stand up with you . let I try to be as strong as you want I to be . a faint hope appear in the boy 's face . he no longer resist as the father help he to rise . but he still keep he back to he . the ambulance attendant start put plato on a stretcher . jim move , as if to stop they , but the father still hold he shoulder . jim he depend on I . father and you can depend on I , son . trust I . whatever come we will face it together , I swear . jim feel , for the first time , the love and security he have always want . he clutches at he father , cry unashamedly . the father 's arm envelop he . plato , through he death , have help this two find each other . Close shot . judy and ray watch . low angle . negro woman as she bend over plato 's body . negro woman ( as they lift plato onto litter ) this poor baby get nobody . just nobody . as he be carry past she , she follow . balcony stair . from below as jim , support by he father , come down . ray be behind they . they pause for a silent meeting with the mother at foot of the stair . she kiss jim and start wiping he tear away , but he be weep soundlessly and it do no good . jim look back up at the dome . the ambulance attendant be bear plato 's litter down the last few stair , follow by the negro woman . Group . the ambulance attendant come down the last few stair follow by the negro woman . jim step forward suddenly and adjust the blanket cover plato . judy come to jim 's side . the litter pass camera and we hold on two shot of jim and judy , see against the lighten sky . jim ( to judy , half to himself ) he be always cold . judy move to jim and touch he arm lightly . he look down at she . med. shot . the group . jim 's arm be around judy as he lead she , firmly , towards he mother and father . his voice be warm , brim with the new find pride he take in he parent as he introduce judy to they . jim Mom -- dad -- this be my friend . her name be Judy . the parent nod warmly and smile at she . she smile shyly in response , happy at be accept . there be a warmth emanate from the tight little group . change have happen to they . Old thing have be shed and a new start have be make . camera boom -- pull back high to : High general shot . planetarium , jim and judy , father and mother thread they way through the crowd as the camera continue to pull back . fade out . the end .