red -eye by Carl ellsworth Story by Carl ellsworth & Dan foos this material be the property of dreamwork picture and be intended and restricted solely for dreamwork picture personnel . distribution or disclosure of this material to unauthorized person be prohibited . the sale , copying or reproduction of this material in any form be also prohibited . 5/2/2005 final shoot script fade in : int . a home - late afternoon slowly track across a few photograph on a office desktop ( or dresser ) -- picture of a young girl ( who will we will soon know as lisa reisert ) smile wide , pose with she father and two brother ... there 's a much smaller photo next to this of Lisa with both she mother and father ... we then come across the final two photo ... Lisa , in cap and gown , at she high school graduation ... Lisa pose with she field hockey teammate and the trophy they have just win ... another photo in the same frame be a athletic action shot of Lisa face down a foe on the field ... we hold on this image as Lisa 's dad enter , he back to we . he drop he key , he wallet , a stack of mail and the Miami Herald on the desk , then head 0.s. but we keep holding on the stuff he 's : just place on the desk ... dad close the bathroom door ... the shower start -- then suddenly -- a latex-gloved hand whip in from out of frame and swipe dad 's wallet away -- smash to : a series of close shot and jump cut swish pan across a row of wooden crate . cu - inspector 's hand mark clipboard , stamp the crate , lide be fastened do ! - tight shot - two payr of hand pick up one of the crate that 's set off to the side . cu - the crate - it 's load in the back of a pick - up . cU - the pick - up 's tail gate be slammed close revealing the logo : '' hugo' seafood - best in miami . '' smash to : ( continued ) oa 0 B final shoot script 5/2/2005 2 . continued : 0 another series of quick shot - crowbar pry the lid off the wooden crate -- the lid be toss to the floor -- - glove hand move in , quickly peel the side of the crate away to reveal fresh fish on ice ... - blueprint of a high rise build be unroll across a table ... - hand move across surveillance photo of the lux atlantic HOTEL , close - ups of its upper floor , finger point ... - back on the crate - Fish and ice be scrape away to reveal another heavy plastic case underneath ... as the hand earnestly clear the rest of the ice off this hide case -- - cu - the plastic case be shove into the back of a van . ~ heavy line fishing rod be toss in behind it . - the van 's door slam shut -- smash to black . jump cut : cu - hand rip OPEN a fed -ex envelope -- the same wallet we see next to Lisa 's photo slide out ... cu - the hand empty the content of the wallet -- credit card , Lisa 's dad 's license , and vfw membership card . closer ~ the card and license be drop back into the fed- ex envelope . tight shot - the fed- ex envelope be toss in the trash ... smash to black . ext . lux atlantic HOTEL - night - establishing oa sparkle above the moonlit water of Miami beach ... int . lux atlantic HOTEL - lobby / front desk ~— night - : ob continuous moving through some late night hustle and bustle ... we hear angry voice as we approach the front desk -- ( continued ) '' 0 B final shoot script 5/2/2005 3. continued = ob . maryann ( v.o. ) how could this happen , we make this reservation six month ago -- meet bob and maryann taylor , a unhappy couple , stand at the front desk , glaring at we panicky assistant manager - in - training , cynthia , 22 , frantically type on she keyboard . cynthia I know , mar 'am , but I be just not see it -- maryann where 's Lisa ? she usually handle we account , and we never have a problem . cynthia she 's out of town , she grandmother pass -- bob ( interrupt ) Cynthia , be it ? cynthia yes , sir . bob would you get in more trouble if you bother she or if we complain to corporate ? Cynthia 's speechless , somewhere between explode and burst into tear -- smash to : ext . dallas , TEXAS - airport road - night 1 downpour . Thunder and lightning . crawl traffic . a impatient checker cab weave in and out of lane on a crowded terminal road . somewhere in this , a cell phone 's ringing . int . taxi - moving - night - continuous 2 wiper at max speed , sloshing bucket of water to and for . the cab driver , on cell , loudly ad lib baseball bet to he bookie when another anxious car ( continued ) final shoot script 5/2/2005 4 . continued : speed across lane , cut the cab off . the cab driver lay on the horn , swing the wheel hard to the right , throw lisa reisert from one end of the back seat to the other . she 's mid 20' . exhausted , frazzle , but not enough to detract from she simple beauty as she dig for the ringing cell in she purse ... cab driver ( to Lisa in rear view ; be : the anxious car ) sorry . man , crazy guy 's gonna kill somebody ! do not worry , you be still gonna make you plane , you have get -- this as Lisa find the phone , flip it open : lisa ( to cab driver ) ten minute . ( then into phone as need ) Lisa reisert ... she cover she ear , struggle to hear over the rain , the thunder , the driver ... the cab ride from hell . lisa ( cont would ) {into phone as need ) Cynthia ? no , I be here , slow down . what 's the problem ? intercut : omitted int . lux atlantic HOTEL - front desk ~- night - continuous cynthia Bob and maryann Taylor -- lisa yeah , they be regular ... cynthia ( quietly ) well , I think I sort of erase they reservation , I be never check out on this new system -- ( continued ) final shoot script 5/2/2005 5 . an 4 continued : '' . maryann ( lean toward the phone ) we have a confirm reservation ... ( ruffling papers in hand ) I have the receipt , print it myself off the internet -- cynthia I know , Mrs. Taylor , just calm down -- lisa ( overhear ) no , Cynthia , do not say that -- too late . bob ( to Cynthia ; more upset ) do not tell we to calm down , we have be very calm till right now -- cynthia I be so sorry -- Lisa =~ lisa Cynthia , tell they one more minute , they will be very happy , you promise . cynthia please , just one more minute , you will be very happy , I promise . Bob and maryann reluctantly stay put . lisa enter my pin , it 's 4 - 8 -- ( call waiting beep ) shit -- hang on -- ( click over ) Lisa reisert . hey , dad -- can you hold on ? hold on ~~ ( click back ) 4-8-8-7 underscore l-reisert . cynthia ( as she type ) God , I be sooo sorry for call -- lisa it 's fine , be you logge in yet ? cynthia yeah , now what ? ( continued ) final shoot script 5/2/2005 6 . continued : ( 2 ) 4 lisa click on the '' erisis " folder , you will see a list of empty room . give ‘em 4th floor corner by the gym , and comp ‘em the first two . Cynthia type , then swipe the card key , and with a glow smile , hand they to Bob and maryann . cynthia you be all set , and the first two night be on we . if you need anything else , just let I know . maryann ( take the key ) we will not . Cynthia force a smile as Bob and maryann move off . cynthia ( back into phone ) God , they totally throw I , they be such asshole . lisa Cynthia , there be no guest who be asshole , only guest with " special need . '' Cynthia smile . Lisa 's cab roll to a stop at the terminal . Lisa dig in she purse , fish out she wallet ... cab driver twenty - three fifty . Lisa hand the driver three ten , slide out . lisa ( to the driver ) keep it . ( into phone ) what else ? intercut : ext . dallas airport - terminal - night - continuous 4h Lisa step out into the rain , race around to the trunk , pull out she roll carry - on ... ( continued ) final shoot script 5/2/2005 7. on 4a continued : cynthia ( have : a notepad ) um , the simpson say they do not get the California King they request , chiropractor need a bigger conference room , and room service walk in on a couple have sex and they be really mad . Lisa slam the trunk , dash for the terminal door ... lisa okay , tell the simpson they do have a California , 84 inch head to toe -- but still have the tape measure ready , go ahead and swap the chiropractor with the bingo supplier and a fruit basket and a bottle of dom should reset the mood for we lovebird . Cynthia jot note , then find a stray post - it note : - cynthia oh my god , security leave a message say the Charles keefe party be arrive at 5:30 a.m. instead of p.m. Lisa react . shit . lisa yeah , they always change arrival time , it 's a security thing . just make sure we security have the front entrance set for keefe , he own guy will take it from there . intercut : 4b int . dallas airport - corridor - night - continuous Lisa make she way into this relatively quiet part of the airport . only a few passengers pass through pull they carry - on . Lisa pick up she pace . cynthia ( jotting note ) be this Mr. keefe platinum club or something ? lisa he 's somebody in homeland Security . ( more ) ( continued ) final shoot script 5/2/2005 8. 4b continued : 4b '' ' lisa ( cont would ) make sure there 's a bottle of Crystal on ice and a polished box of montecristo cuban in the room , it 's 3825 ... cynthia ( cead computer screen ) yeah , I be see you note , " no feather pillow ... " -- what 's " pre - scan the linen ? " lisa Security 's job , not ours . you have get time , read the note and get everyone on it asap . cynthia get it cover . safe flight . lisa bye . ? Lisa flip the phone shut , completely forget she dad be = ) on hold . after a beat , she cell phone ring . lisa ( cont would ) {into phone as need ) Lisa reis -- dad , I be sorry -- dad ( through phone ) it 's fine , sweetie -- lisa what 's up ? intercut :s 5 int . lisa' dad be home -— second floor landing - night - 5 continuous on Lisa 's dad , 62 . look good for he age . on the cordless , pace around with he putter . his pace be the same as Lisa 's —- we can see where she get it . negotiate ladder , paint can , hang plastic . he make he way through a remodeling in progress . dad oh , just gear up for another sleepless night of classic comedy . -~ hey , before I forget , that book I give you , you finish it yet ? ( continued ) o final shoot script 5/2/2005 9. continued : lisa . {a slight roll of the eye ) almost . dad y'know he 's from Texas ? I do not think shrink come from there . lisa they do , they just move to California and start tv show . so how 's the remodeling come ? dad ( into phone as need ) good , they make some headway the last few day ... on lisa lisa ( expertly cut he off without seem to ) well , I can not wait to see it . over the above , dad find he way into ... int . lisa' old bedroom - night - continuous dad you should -- you room have not be touch of course . lisa no , please , dad , go nut . make ita gym , or ... put in a put green ... dad smile as he open Lisa 's closet door . peer inside , reminisc at the sight of dusty doll , game , cheerlead outfit , a field hockey uniform ... dad you know I can not do that . you never know when you might wanna just spend a few night back here , make a escape from the day to day ... over the above , dad head out of Lisa 's room onto the second floor landing down the stair to the ey 10 final shoot script 5/2/2005 10 . entry hall 8 lisa Day to day be where I thrive , dad , you know that . dad right ... so ... how 's you mom hold up ? dad head into the tv room 9 where he turn on the tv , slide the curtain close ... lisa as good as she can be . dad how ' bout you , you alright ? lisa I be fine . dad you be sure -- lisa yes , dad -- everything 's fine . you have just ... gotta start take my word for it every once in a while -- there 's a uneasy silence between the t -— dad weli , I -- omitted 10 a grow frenzy of passengers buzz by leave and right ... Lisa step to the side , out of traffic -- lisa listen , I be sorry , dad -- I have gotta go , I need to check in -- dad you sure you do not need a pick up ? 2 11 11a 12 13 14 final shoot script 5/2/2005 il . omitted . 11 lisa I think you lose you wallet . dad it 's here someplace . lisa so you do not have a license -- dad leese , it 's five minute -- this as Lisa 's eye scroll the departure screen : delaye ... delaye ... lisa dad , I be take the red eye , it 's the last flight out ... it 's gonna be way too late , dad . I love you , I will call you tomorrow . dad I love you too , sweetie . dad click off the cordless , he thought unreadable -- liga flip she phone shut , stuff it in she purse , then stop dead in she track as she look ahead to see a ticketing area 11a -- so this be where everybody be . at the ticket counter for she airline , a mass of people crowd around . the line be huge , the tension palpable . Lisa draw a breath , reluctantly move into the crowd as the first note of a gorgeous violin concerto gradually fade in ... omitted 12 and 13 int . dallas airport - ticketing area - night — later 14 on a weary female redcoat airline rep , yell : redcoat anybody else who be scheduled on the flight to atlanta that be canceled , come to the front of the line so we can reroute you ! ( continued ) '' 14 final shoot script 5/2/2005 12 . continued : 14 we come upon lisa in line , listen to the concerto on she I - pod , try to drow out the world , but have little luck . she shift she eye between the crawl check - in process and the last few paperback page of Dr. phil 's " self matter . '' the line move a little more . lisa' foot push she bag forward , a little too far . the bag 's wheel knock a nice older lady 's foot in front of she . lisa whoops .. I be sorry ... nice lady oh , do not sweat it , I be wear my combat boot . lisa ( remove she headphone ) Excuse I ? nice lady ( be : she hike boot ) Travel be war this day . lisa ( smile politely ) oh . nice lady ( have : Dr phil ) I just love he . how be that ? be you learn a lot ? lisa I ... really do not know . nice lady he 's so handsome . but I work during the day , so I always miss he show . Lisa hand the book to the nice lady with : lisa here . it will catch you up . nice lady oh honey , no , I can not take that . ( continued ) oo , we 14 final shoot script 5/2/2005 13 . continued : ( 2 ) 14 . lisa yes you can , I just finish ... besides , my dad 's give I enough of this to start a library . please . the way Lisa say this , polite , warm , but firm , there 's nothing the nice lady can do but take it . nice lady ( take the book ) well , thank you . that 's very nice . the redcoat near Lisa 's position in line , still address the crowd ; redcoat once again , anyone who be schedule on the flight to Atlanta , if you wanna get out of Dallas tonight , come to the front of the line at this time . as several passengers finally get the message and scoot under the rope , a irate passenger in the b.g. step out of line and approach the redcoat . irate passenger ( to redcoat ) Excuse I . you be let they go , but we have be stand here for over a hour . how do that happen ? Lisa stare at the passenger , overhear . she shake she head , sympathize with the poor redcoat . redcoat Sir , if we do not re-book them , they be gonna miss they flight . irate passenger so it do not matter that you cancel my first flight , then re-route I twice -- redcoat I understand , but -~ irate passenger just get you boss , this be ridiculous . Lisa reflexively speak up : ( continued ) final shoot script 5/2/2005 14 . continued : ( 3 ) 14 lisa Sir , please do not make she do that , she 's do all she can -- irate passenger I do not think I be talk to you -- lisa I understand , it 's just that -- the irate passenger suddenly take a step toward Lisa : irate passenger listen -~ just then , the passenger stand behind Lisa intervene , step in between she and the passenger . he 's push 30 , rugge good look . call he rippner . rippner Sir , please -- ( be : Lisa ) she 's right . ( be : the redcoat ) she 's the only one stand between we get out of here and total anarchy . irate passenger but she 's ~- rippner she 's exhaust , she 's work 18 hour straight , and she suspect we all hate she just as much as you do . so whaddaya say we give she a pass , and let she go back to a job I be betting 's a lot more thankless than yours . there 's something in rippner 's eye that make the irate passenger hesitate -- something that say there 's only one right answer to rippner 's proposal . the irate passenger hold rippner 's gaze another beat , then retreat to he place in line . irate passenger ( under he breath ) this airline suck . ticket agent # 1 next in line ? ( continued ) 14 final shoot script 5/2/2005 15 . continued : ( 4 ) 14 . nice lady that 's I . Lisa bring up the Lady 's suitcase , hand it to she . nice lady ( cont would ) oh . thank you so much . ( then ; to rippner ) and thank you . some people ... rippner smile as the nice lady head to the counter , leave Lisa next in line . lisa ' yeah , thank you . rippner not necessary , that be just back - up . you get the ball roll . lisa yeah ... reflex , I guess . Lisa 's about to turn back around , but : rippner why 's that ? lisa oh -- I work at a hotel . rippner Marriott , Hilton ... lisa uh ... the lux Atlantic . it 's in -- rippner Miami . know it well . so you be on -- lisa ~- the very delay flight to Miami . you ? rippner sadly , yes . storm all the way , they say . that 's why god make the tex mex . best nacho in the airport , right across from we gate . lisa good tip . thanks -~ ( continued ) 14 415 16 final shoot script 5/2/2005 16 . continued : ( 5 ) 14 rippner . save you a seat ? Lisa hesitates , she whole demeanor change . where she be once sure of herself , she now seem afraid . lisa oh. well ~~ I be sorry , I -- rippner ( quickly cover ) no , that be ... I just think since we be on the same -- do not mean to invade you personal spa — — ticket agent # 2 ( loudly to Lisa ) ma'am , I can take you over here . lisa -- I just have call to make -- rippner ( embarrassed ) please ... I understand ... my apology . have a good night . rippner go back to he newspaper . ticket agent # 2 ma'am ? Lisa turn and head to the counter . omitted 15 int . dallas airport - gate area - night - later 16 Lisa make she way to the pack gate area . she eye the flight information behind the ticket desk : flight 1019 ~ miami ~ depart : 12:55 . Lisa 's watch : 11:32 . Lisa glance over to see a little girl , rebecca , 9 , stand with she mother , nodd to the airline rep who kneel down to Rebecca : airline rep hi , you must be Rebecca . well , I be Mary , and I hear you be fly all by yourself tonight ... ( continued ) — , 16 16a final shoot script 5/2/2005 17 . continued : Lisa turn back , bump hard into another female passenger who spill a blob of she iced mocha on Lisa 's blouse . female passenger oh my god , I be so sorry . it 's iced , do not worry -- lisa that 's okay -- female passenger let I find you some napkin . lisa no , it 's fine . female passenger you sure ? lisa -- yeah . female passenger okay . ( then , to someone 0.s. ) Larry ! could you run back to Starbucks ? the female passenger quickly move off . Lisa examine she blouse , glance around for the nearest restroom when the tex mex cantina catch she eye across the way . and sure enough rippner sit at the bar , peacefully sip a vodka-tonic , eat stale nacho , a vacant barstool next to he . off Lisa -- int . dallas airport / women' restroom ~ night — moment later Lisa stand at the sink , move with quick efficiency . she take off she stain blouse , drop it in she carry - on , and start put on a fresh one . in the mirror , before she buttone hide it again , we see a two -inch scar near the base of she neck . her eye fall on it just once , then flick quickly away . Lisa button up all the way . take out a brush , quickly run it through she hair -- 16 16a final shoot script 5/2/2005 18. on wa ! 17 int . dallas airport ~ tex -mex cantina - night - moment later 17 Lisa make she way toward rippner . she look nervous but determine . he turn , spot she . lisa ( be : empty barstool ) this take ? rippner all yours . lisa it 's so crowded out there ~- rippner glance around . it 's more crowded in here . rippner what ' Il you have ? lisa you do not have to -- rippner if I can guess ? Lisa smile , amused . rippner shift in he seat , squint , study she face . rippner ( cont would ) well , you be not a whisky kind of woman , it 's a bit too bold ... I be feel vodka ... definitely sweeten ... ( notice Lisa subtly react ) cosmo ... no , too conform ... screwdriver ... too boring ... so that leave we with the simplicity of the grapefruit or the complexity of the pineapple . hmm ... grapefruit . Sea Breeze . lisa very close . ( to bartender ) Bay breeze ? ( then ; to rippner ) impressive talent . rippner still a icebreaker with a few kink , but it will get there . so you be head home then ... ( continued ) final shoot script 5/2/2005 19 . on 17 continued : 7 lisa ( nodd ) yeah , try ... rippner Flying 's so much fun this day , be not it ? lisa I hate it . fun for I be walk off the plane in one piece . rippner so , be you in Texas on official hotel business ? lisa no -~ my grandmother die . rippner I be so sorry . lisa it 's okay , she be 91 . rippner respectable . what be she secret ? lisa grape nut and a guy name Duke . rippner Excuse I ? lisa she say the grape nut keep she artery clean and Duke ... well , he live in either a wing or B wing and that 's all I care to visualize -- rippner no argument here . lisa she be a great lady , start two charity , run for public office , she never sleep . rippner except with Duke . they share a laugh . ( continued ) 17 final shoot script 5/2/2005 20 . continued : ( 2 ) 17 . rippner ( cont would ) a dynamic woman . lisa nothing phase she . she be so optimistic , always look forward ... the bartender bring Lisa 's drink . bartender here ya go . Lisa take a sip . hard to tell if she like it . rippner that taste okay ? lisa Fine . rippner you sure ? ' Cause we can always get you that Sea Breeze . lisa ( shaking she head with a smile ) you sound like my dad . I say " I be fine , " he ask if I be sure ... ( then ) I be sure . rippner I believe you . lisa good. rippner ( extend he hand ) the name 's Jackson by the way . lisa Lisa . Jack for short ? rippner I have not go by " Jack " since I be ten. {off she ) last name 's rippner . ( continued ) €) 17 18 final shoot script 5/2/2005 21 . continued : ( 3 ) 7 rippner wait for a reaction . Lisa mouth he first and last name , stop short of voice the obvious connection to history 's most notorious serial killer . lisa ooh . that be not very nice of you parent . rippner that 's what I tell they . before I - kill they . they share a laugh . lisa well , if it 's any comfort , my middle name 's henrietta . rippner ( grin ) henrietta . lisa I could not complain too much , it be my grandmother 's name . rippner ( see the feel in she face ) here 's to henrietta ... ( vaise he glass ) whose spirit be very much alive . he bink she glass again . Lisa take a sip of she drink . they eye meet . Lisa do not look away for a iong moment . when she do , she finish she drink in second ... time CUT to : int . dallas airport - gate area - night 18 and a series of shot to indicate the passage of time ... - passenger sleep on the floor in the gate area - other sit in seat , force themselves to stay awake , eyeing watch , fiddling with cell phone , type on laptop ... - over this last image , we prelap a tv news report and cut to : ry 180 - a final shoot script 5/2/2005 22 . int . dallas airport ~ gate area - night - continuous 180 - and a sleepy -eyed passenger stand in front of a airport tv kiosk . reporter ( on tv ) deputy Secretary of homeland Security , Charles keefe , embark on a seven - day tour of southern port city start tomorrow ... this as the passenger check over he ticket , then turn to watch the continue tv news report on charle keefe airing behind he : : reporter ( cont would ) ( on tv ) -»- you may recall that four month ago , keefe send shock wave through the department when he make this remark at he first press conference : on the tv as camera flash , charle keefe speak at a microphone - strewn podium , the homeland Security emblem hang behind he . charle keefe ( on tv ) no , we be not wage a war against '' terrorism '' anymore . terrorism 's a word , a abstract term . you can not fight that . what you fight be the thug who practice it , no matter who they be , where they live , or what they believe . I do not discriminate , I communicate . just not always with a kind word . this get a few 0.s. chuckle from the 0.s. Reporters . charle keefe ( cont would ) ( then , with a wink , head away ) do not get I wrong , I be a fan of diplomacy , it can work ... but you have gotta have they attention first . thank you , thanks very much ... the report then cut to a news graphic with a still photo of keefe and some titled background stat -- ( continued ) kl 180 - a 18a 18b final shoot script 5/2/2005 23 , continued : 180 - reporter ( v.0 . ) ( for V filter ) keefe , a West Point graduate and former CIA field agent , be expect to become full Secretary of the department amid rumor he boss might be leave ... this as we ... CUT back to : int . dallas airport ~ gate area — night 18a the airline rep swing open the jetway door . anxious passenger look on as she bring up the mic : atrline rep ( into mic ) lady and gentleman , let 's hear it for the board of flight 1019 service to Miami , Florida ! thunderous cheer and applause erupt . int . dallas airport - tex~mex cantina — night - continuous 18b Lisa and rippner , on at least drink number two , overhear the applause . lisa be that we ? rippner wonder never cease . rippner 's cell ring . ' he look at the caller id , then at Lisa . rippner ( cont would ) I have to take this -- lisa oh ... okay ... she look away , awkward in the moment . rippner ( into phone ) hello ? rippner stand from the stool , try to get better reception . ( continued ) lo meee 18b 19 20 21 21a final shoot script 5/2/2005 24 . continued : 18b rippner ( cont would ) hold on ... he look back to Lisa , shrug as if to say this can not be help . Lisa uneasily smile back , try to hide she disappointment as rippner move off out of sight . she wait a beat , watch to see if he might re-emerge . he do not . Lisa take a few final sip of she drink , get up . time CUT to : omitted 19 int . dallas airport = gate area - night - short time later 20 the crowd have thin as most passenger have already board . we pan to reveal Lisa make she way toward the gate area with a couple of magazine she just buy at the last minute . she take out she board pass , near the jetway door where she nearly bump into a clean - cut " headphone kid , " 19 , in jeans and a t-shirt , backpack , bad boy band - esque music blaring through he headphone . Lisa , a tad tipsy , back away , let the kid and he more rebellious young brother , kevin , 16 , go ahead . airline rep ( take and rip board pass ) thank you ... thank you ... int . jet - first CLASS - night - short time later 21 a young flight attendant , 20' , greet Lisa at the door : young flt . attendant hello . {re : Lisa 's board pass ) 18 G , down the aisle to you leave . Lisa step past the young flight attendant and into ... first CLASS : 21a her eye shift around , take note of the sharp businessman , the handsome young actor type , the athlete , the rapper , but no rippner . she make she way into ... m 213 final shoot script 5/2/2005 25 . int . jet - coach section - night - continuous 21b a boe 767 layout -- the coach section have two seat on either side near the window and a middle section with three seat . lisa be Pov - as she head down the aisle scan for she row , she hold she breath as she and we take in the sight of passenger you pray you never sit next to : a portly man , a woman try to calm she cry baby , a 20 - something guy shoveling down chow mein ... Lisa stop just shy of she row , wait as a passenger stow he luggage in the bin above the window seat . he then take he seat in the middle section , revealing rippner sit in Lisa 's row , aisle seat . lisa oh -- ( smile ) hi -- rippner I figure you would be in first class . lisa oh no , I be all coach all the time . rippner I , too . lisa ( ce : the seat next to rippner ) well , I think that 's -- rippner no . you be not sit here -- lisa 18 g? rippner you be kid . ( eyeing she board pass ) you be not kid . rippner stand from he seat as Lisa glance to the overhead bin . {continued ) pinal shoot script 5/2/2005 26 . oq ) 21b continued : 2138 ey rippner ( cont would ) here , let I bellhop that for you . rippner reach down , lift Lisa 's carry - on up into the bin . Lisa smile , genuinely appreciate this . as Lisa slide in , she lightly bump she head on the overhead bin . remember , she 's have a couple . lisa whoop . rippner grab she arm , steady she . lisa ( cont would ) I m not usually such a light weight . the senior flight attendant , late 50' , 25 year in the air with the attitude to boot , who 's pass by , see Lisa stumble . rippner smile at the flight attendant . rippner ( back to Lisa ) '' I be cut you off anyway . the senior flight attendant move up the aisle as rippner and Lisa take they seat . rippner ( cont would ) ( have : sit together ) what be the odd ? lisa I know , it 's -- rippner ( a wick smile ) you be not stalking I , be you ? lisa oh no , I would never ~~ she stop , realize he 's kid . they both share a laugh . lisa ( cont would ) you get I . rippner I be sorry . '' Lisa take a deep breath . ( continued ) final shoot script 5/2/2005 27 . of 21b continued : ( 2 ) 21b ce . rippner ( cont would ) be you alright ? lisa if I say " yes " be you gonna ask I if I be sure ? rippner nope , that 's you dad 's department . lisa I be fine . have some cheap wine at the funeral . bad mix with the cheap vodka . you fault . rippner I feel terrible . lisa do not . I need it . senior flt . attendant ( v.0o . ) ( intercom filter ) lady and gentleman , we know it 's '' be a long night , so if you will stow you belonging and take you seat , we will getcha to Florida before the year 's out , we promise . thanks much . as a few more passenger file past , rippner and Lisa notice a 40ish attractive woman struggle to lift she carry - on into the middle overhead bin . the woman turn , see rippner , she eye plead for help . lisa bellhop to row 16 . rippner , always the polite smile , get up . rippner ( to Lisa ) yes , ma'am . rippner move to the woman . as he hoist she carry - on into the bin , he grimace , mostly for Lisa 's benefit . Lisa smile . 40 ish woman ( to rippner } oh , thank you so much . just when I think there be no gentleman leave . rippner have a pleasant flight . ( continued ) 9 21b final shoot script 5/2/2005 28 . continued : ( 3 ) 21b a0ish woman ( serious flirt ) oh , I will now . as the woman say this she glance at Lisa who 's be watch the whole thing . the 40ish woman shift she gaze back to rippner , then smile at Lisa before take she seat . rippner resume he seat as Lisa eye the nice lady move down the aisle . the lady smile , hold up the Dr. phil book with : nice lady I be already on chapter two . lisa ( be : the book ) I give it to she . she 's a really big Dr. phil fan . rippner oh I see that . very nice of you . lisa that 's I . people pleaser , 24/7 . rippner you know , some psychologist say that 's a disease . lisa yeah , I have that book , too . rippner can not help but smile . senior flt . attendant ( v.o. ) Flight attendant , prepare door . ready for push back . just then , a cell phone ring . rippner 's . he flip it open . lisa well , you be popular -- rippner it 's not usually like this . I be sorry ~- lisa you be fine , go ahead . ( continued ) final shoot script 5/2/2005 29 . on 21b continued : ( 4 ) 213 rippner ( smile ; then into phone ) hello ? -- we just board . ( hesitant ; then , casually ) no , it 's fine . so we be good then , it 's definitely happen ? -- 5:30 ? ( nod ; check he watch ) -~ piece a cake , do deal . rippner flip the phone shut , pocket it . rippner ( cont would ) work . for the last time . lisa be everything okay ? rippner 's gaze shift around the plane ... rippner ( nodd ) it 's look that way . 22 in the forward galley ~ continuous 22 the senior flight attendant pull the door close with a definitive slam . she shove the pressurize lever down . the letter on the lever " mo " fall next to the letter " ar " on the door -~ armed . 23 outside / inside the plane 23 a series of quick shot - the last of the baggage be load onto the plane ... ~ the jetway retract ... - seatbelt sign bing on . the young flight attendant help Rebecca fasten she belt ... chock be pull away from wheel ... - a " flag man " wave he orange day - glo wand at the pilot . the plane start to push back ... 24 int . jet / aft coach section - night - short time later 24 taxi now . the safety video end . ( continued ) 24 24a 24b final shoot script 5/2/2005 30 . continued : 24 rippner watch the senior flight attendant and the young flight attendant make they final pass up and down the aisle , close overhead bin , check seat belt ... flight attendant # 3 ( v.0 . only ) lady and gentleman , at this time we would like to ask that you discontinue the use of any electronic device ... Lisa bring up she purse , take out she cell phone , shut it off , stuff it back inside . she put she purse in she seat pocket as the fluorescent cabin light suddenly start to switch off . the cabin become very dark . only a few read light remain on as most passenger opt to sleep . rippner flip on he read light , punch some button on a fancy , military - style watch with lot of sub dial and push button . he set the time forward from 1:28 to 2:28 a.m . young flt . attendant ( v.0 . ) we have be clear for take - off , enjoy you flight . the roar of the engine fill the cabin . ext . jet - night — moving — continuous 248 from outside the window , we see Lisa draw a deep breath as she peer out . ' the reflection of the distant terminal in she window race by , the jet roaring up to speed ... we then pull away as the plane lift into the night sky ... int . jet - aft coach section - night - continuous 24b note : the SOUND throughout this entire sequence be very important . it 's loud inside a plane , especially in this section over the wing . the engine noise be always around US -- not potted down -- along with the other creak and whine of a typical aircraft in flight . there 's a sudden jolt of turbulence . Lisa grab the armrest . rippner notice . lisa {off rippner ) be we there yet ? rippner smile . there 's a silent beat as the cabin start to level out with a few more creak ... then ... ( continued ) final shoot script 5/2/2005 31 . on 24b continued : 243 se . rippner be henrietta you mom 's mom or you dad 's ? lisa my Mom 's . dad 's die a long time ago . rippner be you folk still together ? lisa divorce three year . married for thirty - two . rippner that 's a shame . so you mom ... lisa she move back to Texas . dad stay in Miami . he move we all there , gosh ... maybe 20 year ago ... rippner Brothers or sister ? lisa two older brother . one 's a doctor in London , the other 's in San Diego . rippner do dad still work ? lisa no , recently retire , too much time on he hand , lot of phone call ... rippner so all that work time 's be fill ... lisa --. with worry time . rippner do he have reason to worry about you ? Lisa react , somewhat surprised by this . she consider a beat , then : ( continued ) final shoot script 5/2/2005 32 . 24b continued : ( 2 ) 243 . lisa well , even if he do , he just ... have to get use to the fact that ... thing happen , life change ... rippner usually when it 's go pefectly , too . you be on track , everything 's go to plan , then one day , out of nowhere -- rippner 's interrupt by a sudden jolt of turbulence . rippner ( cont have ) -- somebody forget to bolt the engine to the wing . they share a laugh amidst a few more bump . lisa ( deep breath ) thanks for distracting I . rippner that 's not what I be do . lisa what be you do ? as the turbulence subside ... rippner keeping the focus on you and you father . lisa why ? rippner part of my job . lisa be you -- you be not a shrink , be you ? rippner manager . lisa ( beat ) okay , you would better not say " of a hotel " -- ( continued ) '' ) 243 final shoot script 5/2/2005 33 . continued : ( 3 ) 243 rippner * no. lisa ( with relief ) ' Cause that would have ... rippner --- give you cause to buy another self help book ? lisa ( lose a bit of she smile ) so what do you do ? rippner oh , government overthrow , flashy high - profile assassination , the usual , Lisa hesitates . then laugh . this have to be he idea of just a weird , flirty game . one she opt to keep play : lisa great , you be a spy . shoulda know . rippner I be not a spy . lisa a hit man ? rippner ( shaking a " no " ) I be a lousy shot . Lisa still can not or do not want to tell if rippner 's serious . lisa do you work for the c.i.a ? rippner ( more serious now ) if I do , I could not say , could I ? but no . lisa the mafia ? rippner ( shaking another " no " ) money 's shit . ( continued ) final shoot script 5/2/2005 34 . co 24b continued : ( 4 ) 24b a awkward , silent beat as Lisa wait for the punchline . it do not come . then : lisa okay , this be a little weird ... really , what do you -- rippner ( interrupt ) I already tell you . lisa okay , hey , sorry I ask , it 's ... I mean , it 's you own business as long qas.ae rippner what ? lisa as long as you be not plan on hijack the plane or anything . to this , rippner laugh along -- well , sort of . rippner no , no , I be not suicidal . lisa well , that 's good . rippner and you be right . most day it be my own business , but right now , that business be all about you . Lisa look at he . we be back to the weird . lisa about I -~ rippner that 's right . lisa look , I do not know where you be go with this -- rippner Charles keefe . Lisa react , obviously recognize the name . ( continued ) on stas } 24b final shoot script 5/2/2005 continued : ( 5 ) rippner ( cont would ) one of you regular VIP 's , ring a bell ? lisa no , should it ? rippner yes , it should . he 's on he way to you hotel as we speak , and that 's why you need to keep listen . okay , rippner 's tone 's really crossing the line -- lisa no. -- no , I do not have to do that . rippner you do if you want you dad to live . lisa what do you say ? rippner you hear I . okay , that 's it . Lisa press she flight attendant call button on she armrest -~ bing ! rippner ( cont would ) suit yourself , but you might wanna see this first . this as rippner suddenly bring up a wallet . reaches over , lower Lisa 's tray table , set the wallet on it . Lisa eye it . recognize it -- flabbergasted as rippner point out the initial monogramm in the leather : rippner ( cont would ) " JR . " Joe reisert . you father , yes ? lisa where do you get -- rippner I do not . my associate grab it off you dad 's dresser next to you graduation picture . ( continued ) 35 . 24b ©) 24b 25 final shoot script 5/2/2005 36 . continued : ( 6 ) 24b Lisa 's too stunne for word as rippner go on : rippner ( cont would ) ( quickly ; rapid fire ) " JR " -- definitely dad 's wallet , he initial -- Lisa quickly stand from she seat -- rippner ( cont would ) but gee , mine too =~ Lisa stop , look down as rippner open the wallet , rifle through the content : a driver 's license with rippner 's photo , credit card with he name ... rippner ( cont would ) -~- Jack rippner ... license , credit card ... ( then ) you tell the flight attendant , you dad die . sit down . Lisa , tear welling , resume she seat . in the mid galley - the senior flight attendant 25 be busy try to get the malfunction coffee maker to work . flip switch . the young flight attendant approach from first class . young flt . attendant any luck ? senior flt . attendant ( shaking a " no '' ) they be suppose to fix this cotton pickin ' thing back in Dallas . first they take we pension , then we coffee pot . the young attendant notice a blink light on a control panel . young flt . attendant 18 's flash , you want I to -- the senior flight attendant look down the aisle , see Lisa and rippner talk . senior flt . attendant no , I will take care of it . ( more ) ( continued ) of o 25 26 final shoot script 5/2/2005 37 . continued : 25 senior flt . attendant ( cont would ) she probably just want another drink . maybe I '1l join she . they share smile . the senior flight attendant turn into the aft coach section ~ continuous 26 and we follow her down the aisle to rippner and lisa senior flt . attendant ( favor rippner ) what can I do for ya ? rippner ( casually to Lisa ) leese , do you need another pillow , or -- all eye on a shake Lisa , who remain focus on the wallet . a excruciate moment , the conflict all over she face : to scream or not to scream —- Lisa finally turn to the flight attendant : lisa -- no . I do not need anything . a single tear trickle down Lisa 's cheek . rippner see it , cover with : rippner she 's just have a really rough day , a death in the family ... senior flt . attendant I be real sorry . i'11 bring you some tissue and a couple a water . rippner ( to flight attendant ) that would be great , thank you . senior flt . attendant be right back . the flight attendant quickly move off into the darkness of the cabin . rippner watch she go , then turn back to Lisa . {continued ) final shoot script 5/2/2005 38 . will 26 continued : 26 ig i '' ee rippner . that be great , leese . keep do the right thing . obrush she tear aside ) just bottle the emotion a little more , okay ? Lisa pull away -- lisa what have you do to he -- rippner I say '' nothing . '' and it will stay that way as long as you keep play along . lisa what _do you want from I ? rippner right now , I wanna wait for you kleenex and water . once we have we privacy , we will get back to business . '' there 's a silent beat . then -- the senior flight attendant come back with the tissue and bottled water . senior flt . attendant here ya go . rippner ( take they ) thank you so much . senior flt . attendant you be welcome . ( to Lisa ) feel better , mar 'am . she move off . rippner open the water bottle , hand it to Lisa . she do not move a muscle . rippner twist it open , take a sip . -- then : rippner I need you to cali you hotel . it 's very simple . just use you managerial pull to move Mr. keefe from 3825 to suite 4080 . 1I '11 leave the detail to you , just sell it . Lisa just look at he . speechless . ( continued ) c) 26 final shoot script 5/2/2005 39 . continued : this seat out . move ( 2 ) 26 lisa I can not do that -- rippner sorry , but you be the only voice that can get this do by the time I need it do by . as rippner take the AIR phone from the cradle in the in front of he . pull on the cord , let the phone hold it to Lisa who keep stare ahead , not make a for the phone or eye contact with rippner . rippner ( cont would ) you.need I to write it down ? lisa no . rippner then what 's the delay ? lisa ( beat ) so what , change he room make it easier for you to kill he -- see this could take a few more minute to sort out , rippner place the phone back in the cradle , pocket dad 's wallet -- rippner Lisa , whatever female drive , emotion - base dilemma you be deal with right now , you have my sympathy . so for the sake of sanity and time , let 's break this down into a little male - drive , fact - base logic : one simple phone call save you dad 's life , and it have to be make soon . lisa be you go to kill keefe ? rippner you should worry more about you father . lisa ~~ I do not even know if he 's okay . rippner he 's fine . ( continued ) final shoot script 5/2/2005 40 . of 26 continued : ( 3 ) 26 we lisa why should I believe that ? rippner because the last call I get say he be in the tv room eat freeze lasagna and glue to the " Seinfeld '' marathon . {off Lisa 's horrify look ) relax , leese , right now , he 's just be observe . from a silver beemer park outside 9321 blossom palm lane ... my guy 's sit in the dark , listen to a little smooth jazz while he sharpen he 13 - inch ka - bar ... ( off Lisa 's look ) it 's a knife -~ lisa I want to talk to my dad . rippner sure . after you make the call -- beat . then -- lisa ( voice tremble ) no . I want to know he 's okay now , or I do not call anyone . rippner study she . smile a bit , as if admire she resolve . rippner you dime . ( off she ) credit card ? a beat . then Lisa shakily pull she purse from she seat pocket , take out she wallet , find a credit card . rippner suddenly yank she purse from she lap , stuff it in he seat . pocket . he pluck the credit card from she hand , slam it into the airphone slot -- smash to : 27 ext . lisa' dad be home - night - establishing 27 a time - wear two story . a star-filled sky . cricket . then -- as a cordless phone ring we slowly pull back to reveal two or three car park on the street . ( continued ) cy 27 28 29 final shoot script 5/2/2 005 4l. continued : 27 and sure enough , there be a silver BMW park across from thé house . int . dad be home - tv room - night - continuous 28 light and late night tv blare as dad sit in the lazy boy . the second ring . dad reach for the phone : dad ( into phone as need ) hello ? on the other end , we hear the background noise of a plane in flight that all but drown out Lisa 's voice . ( note : this all unfold solely from dad 's Pov ~- we only hear Lisa . ) lisa ( through phone } dad -- dad Lisa ? you already home ? the connection 's shaky : lisa ( through phone ) no -- air phone -- on -- plane . we -- late take off . dad honey , I know you do not like it when I ask , but -- be you okay ? you sound upset —- there 's a lengthy pause -~ we only hear plane noise for a beat . dad ( cont would ) leese , you still there ? there 's some static . the phone suddenly cut out altogether leave we and dad with just the silence of the house . dad eye the cordless for a curious beat -- then set it aside , grab the remote and click off the tv ... int . jet / aft coach section - night - continuous 29 rippner click the air phone back into the cradle . rippner do he sound healthy to you ? no answer . {continued ) cy 29 30 final shoot script 5/2/2005 42 . continued : 29 rippner ( cont would ) I hope that 's a " yes " ' cause that 's the best I can do . this as rippner take the airphone out once again ... rippner ( cont would ) let 's get this over with . bing . the seatbelt sign be turn off . passenger get up , stretch leg , head for the lavatory ... omitted 30 on lisa hesitant another beat . then ~-- she start to reach for it , but -- 40 ish woman ( 0.s. ) Excuse I . they look up . the 40ish woman be stand over they . 40 ish woman ( cont would ) ( to rippner ) I be sorry , would you help I again ? last time , I promise . a awkward beat . rippner can not be a jerk . he hang up the air phone . as he get up , he stare Lisa down , rip she credit card out of the airphone slot , take her purse from he seat pocket , stuff it in the overhead bin then move to help the 40ish woman . on lisa shift she eye around . the 40ish woman 's buy she some time to perhaps do something , but what -- rippner just take she purse , she cell phone -- Lisa start sifting through the content of she seat pocket , look for something to write on ... nice lady ( 0.s. ) hello again . Lisa whip she head up to see the nice lady stand in the aisle with the Dr. phil book and a pink highlighter pen in hand . she open the book . we see some passage highlight as she explain : ( continued ) 29 final shoot script 5/2/2005 43 . continued : ( 2 ) , 29 nice lady ( cont would ) you know , I do not think this be gonna be so much work . there 's all this survey he want you to answer about yourself before you read the rest -- Lisa try to re-focus . her eye shift to rippner who momentarily have he back turn take the 40ish woman 's carry - on down from the overhead bin -- Lisa quickly reach over , and as gently as she can , take the book and highlighter out of the nice lady 's hand : lisa oh , do not worry about the survey , I just -- let I highlight my favorite part -~ nice lady oh. wonderful . and give I you address , too , I want to return the favor . Lisa flip the book open , start scribbling furiously -- on rippner turn back toward Lisa and the old lady as the 40ish woman take she sweet time root around in she carry - on . back to lisa we see flash of key word she 's write : ... help I ... call police ... over the above , the nice lady keep rambling : nice lady ( cont would ) I will send you one of my favorite , oh , what it 's call now ... oh yes , " noodle knowledge " -- be not that funny ? it take you on a tour inside you brain , explain why we do all the silly thing we do ... it 's really entertaining ... on rippner turn back to the 40ish woman who close she carry - on -~ a0ish woman you be a life saver . ( continued ) 29 final shoot script 5/2/2005 44 , continued : ( 3 ) 29 rippner lean down , finish zipping up the woman 's carry - on -- the lady turn , look down the aisle to see the flight attendant roll the drink cart forward — — nice lady ( flustered to Lisa ; be : the book ) oh my , I will just come back for that —- lisa ( dog ear the page ) no , here , Lisa hand the book to the nice lady -~ but rippner be now stand right there next to she in the darkness . Lisa 's catch . nice lady I be sorry , I be block you seat . rippner no worry . rippner just glare -- at Lisa . the nice lady scoot out of the way toward the approach cart . rippner resume he seat . his eye shift to the highlighter still in Lisa 's hand . he yank it away -- the drink cart be now practically on top of the lady -- senior flt . attendant * scuse we , please . the nice lady start to head away -~ rippner hand the highlighter to the nice lady . . rippner do not forget this . nice lady oh , thank -- young flt . attendant Excuse we , please , mar 'am . ( continued ) 29 final shoot script 5/2/2005 45 . continued : ( 4 ) 29 nice lady ( flustered ; move off ) okay , I will -~ I be go , I be go ... the nice lady scamper up the aisle to the mid-galley where she cut across to the other row , head back down the other aisle . rippner ( watch the lady but talk to Lisa ) I have to assume she 's gonna read it ... rippner watch the nice lady all the way . she put the book under she arm as she approach the occupy aft lavatory . she wait , start to strike up a conversation with another seat passenger . rippner ( cont would ) -- I do not wanna get complicated , Lisa . ( then ; turn to she ) start get that -- lisa ( shaking with anger ) all I get be that this be wrong -- bam ! rippner 's forehead suddenly smack Lisa 's in a vicious head - butt that knock she out cold . this as rippner throw quick ' glance toward the seat that might be in he line of sight . but no one 's look . most still sleep . the headphone kid 's do homework . Rebecca 's play she gameboy . rippner turn back , shaking , adrenaline overload -- he reach over , pulis a pillow from Lisa 's seat pocket , stuff it between she head and the window . he quickly glance aft again -—- the nice lady still with the book under she arm , wait outside the lavatory -- on rippner gotta get that book . he turn back , draw a breath . then —- he feel something on he forehead . ( continued ) cy sn 29 31 final shoot script 5/2/2005 46 . continued : ( 5 ) he reach a finger up to he hairline , bring it back down -- blood -- shit -- there 's a small cut on rippner 's forehead . he look to Lisa again . no visible injury . senior flt . attendant ( 0.5 . ) how 's she do ? rippner turn back . the senior flight attendant 's stand over he . he bring he hand up , cover the cut on he forehead , act like he 's merely scratch he head . rippner much better now . thanks . as soon as the senior flight attendant move off up the aisle , rippner quickly stand from he seat , flip off the read light -- CUT to black . we slowly fade back in -- int . jet / aft coach section - night on lisa -- still out . a sudden jolt of turbulence cause she eye to flutter ever so slightly . another tremor . Lisa 's eye open , gradually bring the dark , blurry cabin into focus . she 's still disorient , and we along with she , not entirely sure how much time have pass -- Lisa slowly sit up , turn to see rippner sit in he seat , thoroughly engross in the dr . phil book . Lisa fully awaken at the sight . stun . she look back , get a glimpse of the nice lady who 's sleep in she seat . or so we hope . turbulence . heavy . continuous now . the kind that make even the most seasoned traveler wonder . a few lightning flash out the window . the seat belt sign bing to life . senior flt . attendant ( v.o . ) please return to you seat , thank you . ( continued ) 29 31 final shoot script 5/2/2005 47 . 31 continued : 31 * rippner ( do he best Dr phil ) I want you to get excited about you life , but you have gotta get real . ( then read , still impersonate ) ' I be challenging you , start now , to stop deal in opinion or assumption , and start deal in fact . ' ( then to Lisa ) fact ~- you have be out for a half hour and keefe 's room have not be change . a beat . then -- rippner hold out he fist to Lisa . she eye it as he turn it over , open it to reveal -- two aspirin . rippner ( cont would ) you will thank I later . Lisa hesitates . rippner ( cont would ) it 's aspirin , leese . I need you coherent , remember ? another beat . then Lisa hold out she hand . rippner drop the aspirin into it . he pull a fresh bottled water from she seat pocket , crack it open , hand it to she . she downs the aspirin . take a few swig amidst more turbulence . lisa ( fight she fear of erash ) if I do it , if I call , then you will call the person outside dad 's house ? tell he to go away ? rippner smile , sure now he 's get she . rippner you call , I call . dad wake up , put coffee on , never suspect anything . you go back to work , life go on ... Lisa just stare into space , pale and shaking . the plane D jolt and buck -- ( continued ) final shoot script 5/2/2005 48. 31 continued : ( 2 ) 31 pilot ( v.o. ) ( intercom filter ) well , folk , we be hope thing would calm down , but obviously , that 's not happen , so control 's just clear we to 35,000 foot , we will see if we can not get above this weather , smooth thing out a little ... the engine roar louder , the plane beginning its ascent ... this as rippner rip the airphone out , take Lisa 's credit ecard , insert it in the phone . Studies the lcd screen . it flash the " okay " to make the call . rippner now , I will connect you to area code 305-555 - two thousand . rippner dial as the turbulence intensify . Lisa 's fight stark panic . horrible turbulence , and the maniac in the next seat . rippner could care less . he put the phone to he ear . -- we hear a ring . rippner hand the phone to Lisa with : rippner ( cont would ) I do not have to tell you to sound -- lisa you have say enough . he hand she the phone . she put it to she ear . we hear another ring . then -- the slightly garble voice of cynthia : cynthia ( through phone ) good morning , lux Atlantic Resort , this be Cynthia . Lisa hesitates . try to contro ] she emotion and welling tear at the sound of this familiar voice . cynthia ( through phone ) ( cont would ) hello ? anyone -- lisa ( into phone as need ) Cynthia , it 's Lisa . cynthia ( through phone ) Lisa ? you sound terrible , be you okay ? she look to rippner who again put he finger to he mouth . ( continued ) final shoot script 5/2/2005 49 . cy 31 continued : ( 3 ) 31 lisa I be come down with something , that 's all . cynthia ( through phone ) you back in town ? lisa still on the plane -- cynthia ( through phone ) ( more garble ) I be not surprised , I hear there 's back - up everywhere . so listen , you would be so proud of I , we be all . set for keefe , the Crystal on ice , the cigar , not so easy to find in the middle of the night ... rippner eye Lisa closely . more bump . lisa yeah , about that -- I need you to do I a favor . cynthia ( through phone ) Lisa , you sure you be okay ? you sound -- lisa Cynthia , do not ask I if I be okay again . cynthia ( through phone ) I be sorry . lisa no , I be -— - there 's more jolt of turbulence . another flash of lightning out the window . as if Lisa be not terrify enough -- she shakily slide the window shade down halfway -- lisa ( cont would ) I be sorry -~ ( beat ) it be just a rough couple of day ... ( then ; quickly ) listen , something come up , we have gotta change keefe 's room . can you pull up the file ? ( continued ) 31 final shoot script 5/2/2005 50 . continued : ( 4 ) 31 Lisa glance to rippner who nod , appreciate she cooperation . oddly , we no longer hear Cynthia 's side of the conversation . lisa ( cont would ) -- no , you be gonna need the pin ... as Lisa continue , rippner turn away briefly , look over to the far leave aisle to another passenger who 's use a air phone . then he notice something peculiar -- the passenger suddenly take the phone from he ear , curiously look at the lcd sereen . then hang the phone up . rippner slowly turn he head back to Lisa : lisa ( cont would ) yeah , we be gonna put he in 4080 . -- right . rippner 's eye focus on the lcd screen : no service . but for some reason , Lisa 's still talk ... lisa ( cont would ) yeah , the pin 's two - five - four-eight - three ... then I need you to -- suddenly , rippner rip the phone out of Lisa 's hand , put it to he ear -~- rippner hello , Cynthia ? helloooo ? dead AIR . rippner turn the phone over , show the lcd screen to Lisa . damn . rippner hang it up . play a beat of silence between rippner and Lisa . then : rippner ( cont would ) pretty clear think give the circumstance . let I guess . stress management course ? {off she silence ) well , they be really pay off . we come out of this , I might have to steal you . but whatever smirk might be on rippner 's face now completely disappear . his glare pierce . he 's wary of Lisa now , alert by she boldness -- infuriate . {continued ) 31 final shoot script 5/2/2005 51 . continued : ( 5 ) . 31 we can almost see the clock tick in he head . he jerk he head around , see the young flight attendant approach , try to keep she balance in the heavy turbulence . rippner stop she : rippner ( cont would ) be the phone not work ? young flt . attendant oh , they sometimes cut out during storm . they will probably come back when we find some clear air . she move off toward first class . rippner 's visibly irritate as he look at he watch , then to the phone . lisa what , you do not have a back - up plan ? rippner remain silent . lisa ( cont would ) -- why do this now , here -- rippner blame you grandmother . ( off Lisa 's question look ) she keele over , you hop on the next flight out . -- the window of opportunity open ... rippner pause as he take in the plane . he shake he head at the absurdity of he predicament . rippner ( cont would ) --- and here we be . this as the young flight attendant pass by once more , hand out snack bag . young flt . attendant peanut or pretzel ? rippner ( take the bag ) peanut . young flt . attendant ma'am ? ( continued ) 31 314a 313 final shoot script 5/2/2005 52 . continued : ( 6 ) . 31 Lisa shake a quick " no " . the young flight attendant move off . rippner start open he bag of peanut . lisa ( be : airphone service ) what if it never start work ? rippner then we bury you dad in a close casket . off this -- cur to : int . dad be home = tv room - night ( day for night ) 31a a bag of pretzel be emptied into a bowl . pull back to reveal dad -- he put the bag away , start to take the bowl and he newly pour drink back to the lazy boy when a distant thwump 0.s. stop he in he track . dad set the bowl and glass aside , grab the remote , mute the Seinfeld marathon . stands there in the silence . then -- another thwump . much louder this time . int . dad be home - entry hall - night ( day for night ) - 31b continuous dad carefully head to the front door . pause . open it . on dad' feet the Miami Herald flop onto he toe . dad pick it up , look down the street , see a car drive away , a newspaper sailing out the driver 's window ... on dad about to head back in when something catch he eye ~~ dad be Pov - the silver BMW across the STREET dad eye it for a extend beat . then head back inside , shut the door . 31c 32 thru 34 35 final shoot script 5/2/2005 53 . ext . dad 's STREET ~ continuous - night ( day for night ) 3 ic cU - the driver 's side window roll down . we see the glow of a cigarette , a dark silhouette ... and hear a few note of a little smooth jazz ... omitted 32 thru 34 cur to : int . jet / aft coach section - night 35 on lisa and rippner -- sit in silence . look like it 's be this way awhile . the turbulence be subside . rippner check the airphone . still dead . Lisa turn to the window . rippner stuff he pretzel bag in he seat pocket . eye he watch . somewhere on the plane , we hear a baby start to cry ... another long beat of this ... then ... lisa I know he . ( off rippner ) keefe . he 's a decent man . rippner well , sometimes bad thing happen to good people . --= like you . Lisa react , catch off - guard by this . rippner lean closer : rippner ( cont would ) what 's you story , Lisa ? I have know you for awhile now . before tonight , I mean . and as far as I can tell , you life revolve around you job , the occasional cocktail at the corner cafe , classic movie on late night t.v... oh , and scramble egg at 3 a.m . ( then ) what turn you into such a loner ? Lisa shake she head , indignant turn back to the window . rippner ( cont would ) be it you parent 's divorce ? ( more ) ( continued ) 35 final shoot script 5/2/2005 54 . continued : . 35 rippner ( cont would ) ( beat ) do you get you heart break ? Lisa turn back , glare at rippner , a thousand emotion in she eye as -- bing . the seat belt sign turn off . lisa I have to go to the restroom . in answer , rippner unscrew she empty water bottle , hold it out to she : rippner best I can do . lisa look ... you have get I -- I '11l make the call when I can make the call , but right now -~- you need to let I go ~~ I have to ~~ rippner ( cut she off ; suddenly get up ) okay , I trust you . rippner unbuckle he belt , step into the aisle . lisa I need my purse . rippner -- but not that much . he usher Lisa into the aisle . she hesitates . rippner ( cont would ) ( whisper ) - last chance . she scoot out . make she way down the aisle past the headphone kid who 's do some homework under he read light . scribble in a note-pad with a ball - point pen on the end of which be a rubber blue monster head . lisa make she way to the occupied aft lavatory . she look back . rippner 's watch . then -—- ( continued ) '' 35 36 final shoot script 5/2/2005 55 . continued : ( 2 ) 35 rebecca appear behind rippner : rebecca Excuse I . rippner let she squeeze by , but he eye never leave Lisa . Rebecca make she way down to Lisa . rebecca ( cont would ) be this the bathroom ? lisa yeah -- do you have to -- rebecca you be here first . the lavatory door open . a passenger step out , smile at Lisa , make he way back up the aisle . Lisa glance back to Rebecca . int . jet - apt lavatory - night ~ continuous 36 Lisa shakily slide the latch close . stands there , daze for a split second beat -- then suddenly -- she collapse to the floor , the terror finally overwhelming she . she force she body to turn around . she throw open the toilet seat . dry heave . convulse . tear flow . the onset of a emotional meltdown that 's long overdue . lisa oh my God -- help I -- somebody help I ... she try to regulate she breathe . grab a bunch of toilet paper and wipe she nose . throw the paper in the bowl and flush , watch as the blue liquid swirl around the bowl . slam the lid shut . one more deep breath give she the strength to pull herself to she foot . her leg be still wobbly as she put she hand on the sink , she arm support most of she weight . splashes water on she face , drink a little . then squirt some soft soap into she hand , about to rinse —- but something stop she . Lisa eye the gel in she hand , a idea form . ( conttnitedy 36 36 a 36 B 37 38 final shoot script 5/2/2005 56 . continued : she dip she right index finger into the soap , smear a line of it on the mirror . it actually work pretty well . Lisa start writing , the adrenaline pump . maybe even a little hope return . she squirt a little more soap . she keep write , add soapy second coat as need ... int . jet / aft coach section - night - continuous on rippner eyeing the airphone . the lcd screen suddenly return to normal . the phone 's back in service . with Lisa go , he for one moment show he real feeling -- huge relief . then he look toward the restroom , check he watch . his face a mask once again . int . jet - aft lavatory - night - continuous Lisa step back from the mirror -- we reveal the soft- soap - write message -- 18 F have bomb . she consider another beat . satisfied . Lisa rinse , dry she hand with a paper towel . she unlock the door , open it . about to step out when rippner suddenly emerge from the darkness of the aft galley . before Lisa can even utter a sound , rippner cup he hand over she mouth with incredible speed . he press forward , the force ef he momentum overwhelming Lisa who stumble back into the lavatory rippner keep he hand clench over she mouth as he quickly pull the door close and slide the latch . out in the cabin the " occupied " light go on . on rebecca she 's freeze , she innocent gaze lock on the lavatory door . the young flight attendant approach Rebecca from behind , take she hand . young flt . attendant hey Rebecca , you can not run off like that . ( cont tnited V 36 36 a 36b 37 38 38 39 final shoot script 5/2/2005 57 . continued : 38 rebecca a ( be : the lavatory ) a man go in there . young flt . attendant everybody share the same one . here , I will take you to the one closer to you seat . the young flight attendant lead Rebecca back up the aisle . rebecca but there 's a lady in there , too . the young flight attendant stop , look back toward the lavatory . young flt . attendant ( knowingly ) okay ... one of that flight . ( then , to Rebecca ) c'mon , let 's go . back in the lavatory 39 rippner have Lisa pin against the rear wall , she body at a awkward angle , the back of she leg force to bend against the toilet . rippner do not fight I ... rippner turn , read the message . shake he head . he turn back to Lisa , for the moment keep a welling rage in check -~ Lisa try to bring herself under control ~- rippner ( cont would ) that 's it ... breathe ... ( hard whisper in she ear ; be : the mirror ) I know ... you be all work up from all that creativity ... from betrayi my _ trust ... shhh ... breathe and I '11 back off . Lisa 's calming down , she breath regulate . rippner slowly lift he hand from Lisa 's mouth . lisa -- please ... just stop whoever 's at my dad 's house -- {conttnuedy ao we final shoot script 5/2/2005 58 . continued : . 39 rippner I already have . by twice intercept this little " communique 's . " you know if they would fall into the hand of a by-the-book stewardess , she would have go straight to the cockpit and we would have land somewhere else , yes ? {then ; hard ) leese , if that happen ... we man in the BMW 's gonna know about it . so do dad a favor and stop gambling with he life - Lisa slink back , tear stream . exhaustion set in as rippner' hand start to stroke she hair -- rippner ( cont would ) you be beautiful , I must say ... rippner peer into Lisa 's eye . somewhere in the gaze , he betray just a hint of , dare we say -- regret . it 's faint , but Lisa pick up on it ... perhaps one last opportunity to appeal -- lisa somewhere , we see this word find they mark -- rippner seem to genuinely be consider she word as he eye shift away , down to she blouse . it 's gape open . he see the scar on Lisa 's neck . consider it a beat , then -- rippner somebody do that to you ? lisa nlook away ) no . whatever part of rippner ' 's veneer Lisa may have crack , it quickly start to repair itself ... rippner you know what I think ? I think you be not such a honest person . -- because I have follow you eight week and I never once see you order anything but a fuck Sea Breeze . ( conttnued 39 final shoot script 5/2/2005 59 . continued : ( 2 ) this as rippner abruptly pull himself back , turn he attention to the mirror , grab a couple of paper towel . Lisa drop she head , shake it in defeat . there 's no reach this guy . rippner ( cont would ) {as he wipe the mirror clean ) I have never lie to you , Lisa . you know why ? it do not serve I . ( then ) we be both professional , leese , we would not be where we be if we do not have the will and the mean to follow through , because ... if we do not ... with that , rippner stuff the paper towel in the trash , then spin back , suddenly grab Lisa 's neck , slam she head against the back wall —- rippner ( cont would ) +-- we customer be not happy . and when they be not ... we suffer . we life go to shit . rippner' lip crawl across she cheek , then across she mouth , over to she right cheek , stop at she ear ... rippner ( cont would ) lisa I can not -- breathe -- can not -- rippner ( let up a little ) -~ be it ? lisa -- nnn -- no -— rippner because I mean to tell you the phone be work -- you sure we have a deai this time ? lisa ye -- yes . rippner abruptly release Lisa and pull away . she struggle to get she breath . ( continued 40 41 final shoot script 5/2/2005 60 . continued : ( 3 ) 39 rippner lick he thumb , wipe some of Lisa 's run mascara off she cheek -- she turn away -- he turn she back , wipe a little more , make she more " presentable . " rippner ( satisfied ) he stand , turn to the mirror , straighten he shirt , then primp he hair . rippner ( cont would ) thanks for the quickie . int . jet - aft galley - night - second later 40 the senior flight attendant be clean up , stow coffee pot . she turn as the lavatory door open . rippner step out first , smile at the senior flight attendant who smile back , but it vanish when she see Lisa step out behind rippner . Lisa head quickly up the aisle as rippner shut the door , about to follow she when the senior flight attendant step forward . senior flt . attendant Excuse I , sir ? ( as rippner turn ) this be not a motel . rippner ( with a smile ) sure . rippner wink , head away . we hold on the senior flight attendant for a beat as she watch after rippner , perhaps wonder what the hell kind of guy he be -- aft coach section - lisa Al slide back in she seat . trapped once again as the seatbelt sign bing on . young flt . attendant ( v.0 . ) lady and gentleman , the captain have turn on the seatbelt sign indicate we initial descent into Miami . please remain seat with you seatbelt securely fastened , thank you . on rippner ( cont imtrny 41 ce final shoot script 5/2/2005 61 . continued : 41 we follow he up the aisle , but not all the way . when we reach the headphone kid 's seat on the leave , we hold on he . he 's now sleep , he head rest in he text book on the tray table . a couple jolt of turbulence Cause he to stir . as he sit up , he text book and papers fall to the floor . he bend down , retrieve they , but he 's miss something . he turn back , smack he sleep brother on the arm . kevin what , cut it out , dude -— headphone kid yo , you - steal my pen , jackass ? CUT to : omitted 42 int . gulfstream jet - MAIN passenger cabin - night 43 find Charles keefe 's head bodyguard , sit at the rear on the plane 's airphone . head bodyguard ( into phone ; check paperwork ) right , Mr. keefe have a 7 a.m. breakfast , then the meeting 's at 8 sharp , we be out by 9:15 . -- great . the head bodyguard hang up , stand , make he way forward , pass a few suite security guy sip coffee and bottled water , work on laptop , include the number two guard who acknowledge he with a nod . the head bodyguard turn to gina , a assistant : head bodyguard ( cont would ) how we do ? gina ( softly ; hand he a folder ) Cars be en route and on time . armore escalade , full communication package ... ( conptniten y 43 44 final shoot script 5/2/2005 62 . continued : 43° the head bodyguard nod , make he way back to a man sit with he back to we , go over some papers . a distinguished , athletic man in he late 40' . casual but impeccably choose clothing : charle keefe . the head bodyguard lean down , quietly confer with keefe . we see keefe 's head nod as he go back to he work . the bodyguard turn , head to a chair nearer the cockpit . he glance across the cabin and we pan with he gaze to see a beautiful woman , lydia keefe , early 40' , sleep in a chaise - like chair . and curl up next to she , a little boy , danny keefe , 4 , sleep like a angel . keefe 's young daughter , sarah , 12 , sit quietly next to she brother , read . . : int . jet / aft coach section — night 44 on Lisa and rippner in they seat . Lisa 's eyeing the airphone . it 's work , but for some reason a phone call be not be make . she look to rippner who 's eyeing the senior flight attendant work she way down the aisle , collect trash . her face be hard to read , but she 's definitely watch rippner , make intermittent eye-contact with he as she approach . senior flt . attendant ( to rippner ) trash ? rippner nonchalantly stuff he pretzel bag and water bottle in the bag . rippner smile up at she . the senior flight attendant glare at he , shoot a glance to Lisa who 's stare ahead , silent . as soon as the senior flight attendant have move several row behind they , rippner instantly snatch the phone , thrust it out at she . rippner do it . Lisa look into he eye , plead . but there 's nothing in rippner 's to match she raw humanity . no , he eye be cold , flint , empty . -- Lisa take the phone . CUT to : we ! 44a 44b final shoot script 5/2/2005 63. int . lux atlantic HOTEL lobby - front desk ~ night 44a quiet . Cynthia race to pick up the ringing phone . cynthia {into phone as need ) lux Atlantic Resort , this be Cynthia . intercut : int . jet / aft coach section - night 44b Lisa on the airphone . rippner observe . lisa Cynthia , it 's Lisa . cynthia ( already type on computer ) hey , you . so I guess you still need that favor ? lisa yeah , I be check with Dan Young from maintenance , we can not put keefe in that room ~~ cynthia but he always stays there , do not —-— lisa I know , but they be fix a water valve in the master bath , it be not the right one , so if anyone use the plumb -- cynthia the shit will hit the fan ? lisa exactly . rippner like what he 's hearing . cynthia so ... where do we move he to ? lisa ( beat ; then ) 4080 . ( conttnurd 44b 44c final shoot script 5/2/2005 64 . continued : 4438 cynthia {still unsure ) okay -- be you sure he security people will -- lisa you be right , they will not be happy , just tell they —- ( hesitant beat ; then ) tell they I approve it . cynthia oh my god , the cigar , the Crystal -- there 's hardly time , I would better go , leese . . Cynthia hang up . int . jet / aft coach section — night - continuous 44c Lisa drop the phone . tremble . rippner reach over , put it back in the cradle . rippner outstanding . ( eye he watch ) Close , lisa so ? rippner what ? Lisa grab the phone back out of its cradle and shove it toward rippner . lisa you know goddamn well what -- my dad -- make the call , you part of the deal -~ rippner take the phone . for a moment , we think he 's go to make the call . but instead , he click it back in the cradle , rippner I still need you . lisa go to heli . ( conttnitedy fy 44 c pinal shoot script 5/2/2005 65 . continued : 44c rippner Lisa -~ lisa ( furious ) you promise . rippner and I will keep that promise . as rippner take out he cell phone : rippner ( cont would ) soon as we be on the ground , I will get . confirmation keefe 's be handle . lisa ( barely contain herself ) and while you be wait for confirmation , what if you " guy " decide to kill my dad because he have not hear from you ? rippner glance around , make sure no one 's hearing this . rippner because he do not move unless I say so . ( smile with smug certainty ) he 's a good dog . responds only to he master 's voice . Lisa 's eye flick over to rippner 's cell phone for a split second , but only the most alert will notice this . in fact , Lisa do not even move for a long moment . -- then ~- rippner check the window again . we be down to 5000 foot . rippner ( cont would ) it will all be over soon . the keefe 's will be history , you dad will be safe , we will both go -- lisa what do you say ? rippner what ? lisa you just say the keefe 's would be history . you be gonna kill he whole family -- ccontptattrd 1 ) fe 44c 45 45 a final shoot script 5/2/2005 66 . continued : ( 2 ) 44 c rippner hey , somebody want to send a " big , brash message , " that 's they business . I do my part and move on . off Lisa , too stunne for word -- CUT to : ext . HOTEL - side entrance — predawn 45 keefe 's motorcade -- two escalade , and he limo —- pulis into the roped off side entrance . keefe 's head bodyguard , he number two guy along with a few more guard hop out of the escalade where they be meet by HOTEL security guy . they approach all side of keefe 's limo . they open the door . out step Charles keefe and lydia . but we only get fleeting glimpsis of keefe 's face as he bedyguard surround he at every turn . the head bodyguard lift keefe 's semiconscious son out . Sarah follow , move closer to she dad . he put he arm around she shoulder . we realize this be a family . int . HOTEL - MAIN lobby - predawn - moment later 45 a Cynthia , clipboard in hand , with keefe and company . Cynthia hand they a folder and room key card . cynthia suite 4080 . manager just get it approve . head bodyguard ( look over papers ) 4080 ? we have 3825 . we always have 3825 . cynthia ( politely cut in ) except we have get a bad plumbing problem in 3825 . head bodyguard how bad ? Cynthia take he aside a step . two professional leveling with each other : fcontt atten final shoot script 5/2/2005 67 . 45a continued : 45a cynthia toilet for starter . they be not safe . somebody flush , we be talk Old faithful . head bodyguard {to keefe ) we make redundant reservation , we can go to the Hilton , lydia keefe Charles —- ' keefe eye lydia and the kid . they just wanna sleep . charle keefe ( interject ; to Cynthia ) who make the approval for 4080 ? cynthia Lisa reisert . charle keefe ( to head bodyguard ) I know she , it 's fine . head bodyguard we sweep it . that 's non-negotiable . 45b int . jet / aft coach section - predawn 45b the jet 's in full descent mode now . Flight attendant move through the cabin , check seat belt , pick up more trash as the first hint of morning light streaming through the window ... the cabin fluorescent light come on ... passenger start to wake , get thing together . rippner note Lisa 's look -- grow pain and alarm . she suddenly wince in pain , double over , put she leave hand to she forehead . rippner what 's wrong now ? lisa you hit I , remember ? rippner suck it up . you have come too far , do not draw attention now . ( rnin qo 45b = 46 47 48 '' 48a 49 50 final shoot script 5/2/2005 68. continued : as Lisa cringe more , she right hand quickly move to the bottom of she blouse , reach underneath to reveal -- the blue monster ballpoint hide in the top of she skirt -- as she hand slowly slide it out ... CUT to : omitted int . HOTEL - suite 4080 ~ dawn keefe 's head bodyguard , he number two guard and the rest of the team fan out , check behind door , under bed . hi-tech bomb -detect equipment be pass over the floor , beneath the ceiling ... the head bodyguard and he number two guard head out to the balcony ~ dawn continuous the number two guard bring up binocular , scan the horizon . he binocular Pov - a yacht anchore in the far distance . head bodyguard anything ? number two guard not much . yacht . Way out there . fishing , I think . head bodyguard call it in . the number two guard turn , leave . off the head bodyguard ... CUT to : omitted int . jet / aft coach section — dawn pilot ( v.0 . ) ( intercom filter ) Flight attendant , secure the cabin for arrival in Miami . fanemranmny 45 B 46 47 48 48a 49 50 50 final shoot script 5/2/2005 69 , continued : 50 Lisa 's still double over . rippner suddenly grab she , pull she upright in she seat , lean threateningly closer . she back away , breathe hard , not know what 's come -~ another head butt , something else ~~ then : rippner once we be at the gate , I will follow you into the terminal . we will hit Starbucks , grab a couple of latte ... kill ten , fifteen minute till I get the call keefe 's be take out . Lisa react . be that what 's leave on keefe 's clock ? she shoot a glance to she watch : nearly 5:30 a.m. rippner keep talk over the above : rippner ( cont would ) + ++ then i'1l walk out of you life . once I be out of you line of sight , I will call off Mr. killer outside dad 's . then you be free . free to yell and scream , call you dad , tell he to run to the neighbor ... sound good ? Lisa stare he down for a long beat . shake she head in disbelief , resignation ... lisa whatever you say . rippner no question ? lisa what good have they do I so far ? rippner that 's the best one you have ask all night . the cabin rock as the jet touch down ~- the engine reverse thrust with a tremendous roar . everyone 's calm . breathe quiet sigh of relief +++ another flight survive . fcontttten 50 50 a 50 B 50 c final shoot script 5/2/2005 70 . continued : ( 2 ) 50 young flt . attendant ( v.o . ) lady and gentleman , on behalf of you Fresh Air flight crew , we would like to be the first to welcome you to Miami ... Lisa sit up slightly , eye the seatbelt sign that 's still illuminate . as she lean over one more time , she right hand firmly grasp the blue monster 's head -- lisa close she eye momentarily , she lip move ... as if mumbling @ prayer ... or perhaps coax or convincing herself ... of something ... CUT to : ext . ocean = dawn 50a a coast guard cutter be now tie up alongside the yacht . on board the yacht 50b two automatic weapon - carry coast guard officer appear from below deck , head back to the cutter as they nod okay to two faceless men , presumably the owner of the yacht . coast guard officer sorry for the intrusion ... man # 1 no problem . ext . HOTEL - suite 4080 balcony ~ dawn - continuous 50c the head bodyguard still peer through he binoc ~- binocular Pov - the cutter start to cruise away from the yacht . the bodyguard lower he binoc , satisfied . head bodyguard {into radio ) all clear , bring ‘em up . 51 52 final shoot script 5/2/2005 71 . ext . miami INTERNATIONAL airport / terminal — dawn 51 the jet roll toward the gate area ... int . jet / aft coach section - dawn ~ continuous 52 anxious passenger sit forward in they seat , wait for the jet to stop and the seatbelt sign to be turn off _ - ~ on lisa lean over , she slowly slide she right hand forward along she right thigh , positioning it and the Blue monster pen for something ... it 's close to the seat pocket and the magazine inside ... make we wonder if she might still be hope to get a message to someone as she thumb flip the cap off . over the above : lisa it happen in a parking lot ... two year ago ... middle of the day ... ( a beat ; then ) since then , I have be try to convince myself of one thing over and over and over ... the cabin shake ever so slightly as the jet finally stop . the engine rev down — ~ rippner that it be beyond you control -~ lisa ( shaking a " no " ) it 's be : in . bing . the seatbelt sign be turned off . we hear the familiar simultaneous unlatch of a hundre - plus seatbelt buckle as anxious passenger , even at this hour , quickly stand from they seat ... simultaneously , lisa flip she belt buckle open , suddenly bring she right hand up and slam the ballpoint directly into E pp ] ' ss 7 T 52 52a final shoot script 5/2/2005 72 . * continued : 52 stun he . it 's a shockingly quiet moment . just a distinct " ploc " when it enter he neck . before we have even register what 's happen , Lisa 's already scramble out of she seat , jump over the wounded rippner and swiping he cell phone as she go . this as rippner grab the embed pen with one hand , Lisa 's leg with the other . Lisa kick he hand away , fall into the aisle . hard . the nearby passenger , include the 40ish woman , register concern , but have not yet see what 's happen to rippner . all they be focus on be lisa get herself to she foot , anxiously push she way up the increasingly crowded aisle — — lisa ( cont would ) Excuse I — -~ some passenger let she pass . lisa ( cont would ) Excuse I please ~- she increase she pace , hit another roadblock of passenger -— Lisa glance back to rippner who roll out of he seat , fall to he hand and knee . the first passengers around he start to pay attention , back on lisa this be gonna get out of control any second ~~ and she know it . she see a open , cut across the middle section of seat to the leave hand aisle , past a astonished rebecca who see Lisa . Rebecca look back in rippner 's direction ~- int . jet / aft coach section - continuous - on rippner 52a still on hand and knee . gasp for air . he can breathe , but it 's a struggle . the 40ish woman and another passenger kneel to assist . the nice lady stand nearby , concerned . fermen y 52a 52b 52 c 53 final shoot script 5/2/2005 73 . continued : 52a 40 ish woman be you alright ? rippner glance up -~ that 's when the 40ish woman and a few passenger , include the nice lady , first see he throat situation ~- the embed pen , a neat puncture wound , very little blood ... nice lady oh dear -- 40 ish woman oh my god -- ( to any flt attendant ) we need help back here ! be anyone a doctor ?! omitted 52b and 52 c forward galley - continuous 53 the senior flight attendant and another flight attendant have just open the door . they turn at the sound of the commotion , see Lisa make she way up the leave hand aisle of first class . the senior flight attendant step into the first class aisle toward Lisa . lisa ( to the senior flt attendant ) man back there need you help . Lisa brushes past she , head toward the forward galley . the senior flight attendant , see and hearing more of the chaos toward the back of the plane , start to head aft when the 40ish woman suddenly charge forward from coach -~ 40 ish woman ( to senior flit attendant ) we need a doc -~ the 40ish woman stop , momentarily locking eye with Lisa who shoot a quick glance back — ~ 40 ish woman ( realize ) her ~- hey , stop she ! she just stab a guy ! fanamrnn 53 54 55 56 57 ) final shoot script 5/2/2005 74 . continued : 53 the senior flight attendant turn back to see Lisa disappear around the corner into the jetway ... senior flt . attendant I know something be up -~ she quickly head for the galley , pick up the phone -- omitted 54 and 55 int . miami INTERNATIONAL airport / gate area — early morning 56 Lisa emerge from the jetway -- see a gate attendant jogging over to pick up the ringing wall phone , presumably get the first word of trouble from the flight attendant . Lisa lock eye with she , but keep move away —- the gate attendant quickly hang up the phone , dial some more number ~~ gate attendant ( into phone ) Security to gate 24 , White female , dark blue sweater , head towards baggage claim ~~ she turn to look , but in this few second , Lisa have vanish . concourse 57 Lisa be walk at a quick pace , already pull off she sweater . she stuff it in a janitor 's trash cart as she go by . but she suddenly stop , see two airport security guard push they way through the stream of passenger about 60 foot away . they have not see she yet , but they will within second , despite she wardrobe change -~ single woman , no luggage , and a look of near panic on she face . but then -- something truly remarkable happen . we can almost see Lisa take herself in han + force herself to shift into " Hotel professional '' mode . it happen in a flash . she straighten , put on a neutral face and sidestep into the exterior 57a 58 58a final shoot script 5/2/2005 75 . section of a DAILY grill restaurant 57a ~~ a area at the edge of a concourse set off by a railing . Lisa grab a clipboard off a hostess stand , slide into a seat at a table occupy by two young women eat muffins , drink coffee . they look up , more curious than alarmed , see the clipboard and hearing Lisa 's immediate question -— lisa Morning , hi , I be Wendy with airport food service . just wonder how you would rate we muffins ? the girl exchange look and shrug . girl # 1 um , okay . girl # 2 yeah , good . Lisa , with one flick of the eye to the Security guard ( now only a few step away ) nod , make a check on the clipboard ~~ lisa have you dine in we terminal before ? with a squawk of walkie-talky , the security guard run past . the two girl glance after they , then turn back . girl # 2 I have eat -~ she blink , as do she friend . the clipboard be there , but Lisa be go . omitted 58 int . jet - aft lavatory 58a rippner crash in , not bother to close the door . hissing and gasping , he check the damage in the mirror . the irony be inescapable — ~ here when he torture Lisa minute before , the young flight attendant faancmranrmn + o 58a 58b final shoot script 5/2/2005 76 . continued : 58a suddenly appear in the doorway . young flt . attendant {to someone 0.8 ) here . he 's right here . the young flight attendant turn , see rippner 's wound , nearly pass out , then do she best to sound calm . young flt . attendant ( cont would ) Sir , we have find a doctor -~ rippner turn , look at she with a murderous glare -- then look up to see we doctor stand behind the young flight attendant -- it 's the arate passenger . : the irate bassenger / doctor take a instinctive step away as rippner try to say what would surely be a horrible string of curse . but no word come out as he try to force air over he vocal chord . wheeze , gurgling ... the irate passenger snap into doctor mode , step toward rippner -~ irate passenger /doctor do not look too bad ... just through the windpipe , actually , no major blood vessel involved ... {with a nervous chuckle ) a perfect tracheotomy really ... that or somebody be just try to shut you up . rippner hiss some more obscenity . irate passenger / doctor ( cont would ) no , no , do not speak , you do not want to damage you vocal chord any more , they may have already -~ that 's it . rippner shove the irate passenger / doctor aside , then yank the pen out of he neck . his next breath make a wet " whistling " sound . he clamp he hand over the wound and bulis past the horrify young flight attendant — — in the aisle near first CLASS 58b rippner charge up the aisle , head straight toward the 40ish woman -- 40 ish woman ( try to caim he ) you should not be — ~ foot aren 58b 58cc 59 59 a pinal shoot script 5/2/2005 77 . continued : 58b rippner whip the scarf from around she neck , shove she aside and lurch down the aisle , wrapping it tightly around he neck . horrify passengers dive out of the way -- except for rebecca she see rippner come . she look down . her foot nonchalantly push she bag into the aisle just ahead of rippner , trip he . rippner fall face forward with a definitive thud . : he pull himself up , glare at Rebecca who defiantly hold he gaze , rippner turn , continue into first class —- in the forward galley - the senior flight attendant 58 ¢c have see this . she step into rippner 's path -- senior flt . attendant Sir , I can not le you leave the aircraft -- . rippner deck her . the senior flight attendant go down . int . miami INTERNATIONAL airport - concourse - early morning - 59 continuous Lisa , on the move , flip open rippner 's steal cell -— no signal -~ she look ahead — her Pov - three more airport cop head she way -- shit -- Lisa approach a few browsing passengers stand at a newsstand 59a she quickly step between they , grab a magazine , casually flip through it as this next wave of cop pass by . Lisa shelf the Magazine , turn and spy one of the browsing passenger 's rolling carry - ons sit alone a few foot away . on lisa faeormraren + 59 a 60 61 62 final shoot script 5/2/2005 78 , continued : 59a she glance back to see even more cop racing down the concourse . she suddenly grab the carry - on 's handle , time it perfectly as she step into a group of deplaning passengers from another gate area and continue on she way -~ back in the gate area 60 rippner appear in the jetway door , oblivious to the growing confusion and chaos around he , desperately search he pocket for he cell phone . we can see the moment he remember ~~ Lisa take it . with a rasp for a curse , he push forward into the MAIN concourse . 61 uxscan for Lisa in the distance ... further down the concourse - lisa 62 look back -- and spot rippner ... rippner murder in he eye , racing straight for she . lisa lose the carry - on , break into a full run . she veer onto the moving sidewalk , give she a extra boost of speed that rocket she down the concourse , increase the gap between she and rippner . Lisa look back just to be sure — — pleasant female voice ( v.0 . ) ( speaker filter ) the move sidewalk be end . please look down -- . Lisa do not look fast enough . the sidewalk end . the sudden deceleration from the moving sidewalk to the unmoving floor cause she to lose she balance . Lisa sprawl forward , landing hard on the carpet as the cell phone leap from she hand . she scramble for the phone , see rippner racing down the move sidewalk . lisa caonmonren 62 63 64 65 66 final shoot script 5/2/2005 79 . continued : get to she foot , look ahead , spot the terminal tram . just arrive . she race for the lead car as the double door slide open . Lisa dart inside breathless . she look back . rippner 's close fast . pleasant female voice ( v.0 . ) ( speaker filter ) next stop , the International Terminal , baggage Claim , and Airport exit . Lisa look to the double door -~ but they aren't close . lisa goddammit , come on ! some sleepy - eye passengers in the car react in alarm . bing bing . the door start to slide shut -— bang ! rippner slam he fist into the door . Lisa leap back . lock eye with he as the tram roll away into the tunnel ... int . HOTEL ~ suite 4080 — early morning keefe , lydia , the kide the head bodyguard usher they in . the bellhop follow with all they bag . as they enter the main live room keefe nod , satisfied . the place be gorgeous . two storey high , offer a spectacular ocean view . keefe and lydia follow Danny and Sarah who race outside to the balcony they step out into the balmy morning air , go to the railing , peer out . the boat be a dot . all they see be the early sun rise over a blue , blue ocean . binocular Pov — keefe and he family on the balcony we then pull back , back , back ... revealing the hotel , the shore , the mile of ocean between the balcony and -- 62 63 64 65 66 66a 67 thru 71 72 73 74 75 final shoot script 5/2/2005 80 . ext . yacht ( eva marie ) — early morning - continuous 66a man # 1 lower he binoc , turn to man # 2 and speak to he -~ in Russian . man # 1 ( Russian with English subtitles ) they be in . man # 2 drop he rod , go to the boat 's transom , step down onto the diver platform , reach under the water — ~ he come up with a line of parachute cord , stand rapidly , haul something up , hand over hand -— until finally — -- a weighted , waterproof case be reveal ~- two foot square , four foot long . man # 2 move to assist he colleague , help he haul the heavy case in . as they slam it down on the deck ~- omitted 67 thru 71 ext . upper level drop - off area - early morning - continuous 72 Lisa race out to a swarm of car , passenger be drop off . fifty foot down , she spy two young and annoying 2u-something guy bicker on the curb next to they still run jeep cherokee that suddenly squeal away behind they . off the collective shock of the two guy ... int . jeep cherokee - moving — early morning - continuous 73 Lisa weave in and out of shuttle bus and taxi , veer down the airport exit ramp toward the open highway ... omitted 74 int . jeep cherokee — moving - early morning - continuous 75 Lisa bring up the cell phone , flip it open . dial . press send , but the phone suddenly beeps . 75 76 vw tia pinal shoot script 5/2/2005 81 . continued : 75 Lisa look at the screen : no charge bar . the battery icon 's flashing . lisa no ! she have maybe one phone call 's worth of power if she 's lucky -~ -- Lisa suddenly press " end . " int . dad be home - tv room - rarly morning -= continuous 76 on dad -- still asleep in the lazy boy . the cordless " half " ring , abruptly cut off , dad 's eye flutter open . he glance at the phone. silent . eye he watch , then get up , turn off the light and leave the room . int . jeep cherokee - moving - early morning — continuous 77 Lisa on the phone ~- cynthia ( through phone ) lux Atlantic , this be . oe lisa Cynthia , put I through to keefe 's room ! intercut : int . HOTEL lobby — front desk ~ early morning - continuous tia with Cynthia ~~ cynthia ( into phone as need ) Lisa , what 's go on -- lisa put I through ! cynthia ( through phone ) okay , okay , I be so sorry -- we hear a ring . then —- the voice of the hotel answer system : male voice ( through phone ) the hotel guest you be try to reach be currently unavailable — — for ooemtimten y 77a final shoot script 5/2/2005 82 . continued : 77 lisa shit ! she flip the phone close . flip it back open , the battery icon still flashing . a car horn suddenly blare . Lisa twist the wheel as a suv scream by with only inch to spare . Lisa guide the Cherokee back into she own lane and dial again . pray . press send . ring . -- ring . ' then —- Cynthia pick up . cynthia lux Atlantic —- lisa Cynthia -- cynthia leese , I be sorry , I do not forward he phone from the other ~- lisa Cynthia , you have to get keefe out of that room -- cynthia but you already change ‘em once -- lisa it 's get nothing to do ~- something 's ~~ I think something 's gonna happen , just -- listen , pull the fire alarm -~ cynthia leese , what the hell ? lisa ( through phone ) ( signal fade ) evacuate ... hotel , get every ... out ! it have to ... now , cynth , you have to physically go up to he room and make sure ... tell they ... cynthia leese , you be break up , tell they what ? qe tta 78 79 jor thru 82 83 84 85 85 a final shoot script 5/2/2005 83. continued : ( 2 ) 77 lisa ( through phone ) ( a last burst of clear signal ) +-- that he 's a target . the phone go dead . cynthia Lisa ? Lisa ?! off a wide - eye Cynthia : cynthia ( cont would ) shit . shit shit . Cynthia think a beat , then turn , eye the HOTEL master alarm . Hit it . then bolt for the elevator bank . omitted 78 int . jeep cherokee — moving — early morning ~ continuous 79 Lisa toss the cell phone aside , swing the Cherokee off the highway and into the main entrance of blossom palm , she dad 's subdivision .. omitted . tor thru 82 ext . cockpit of the eva marie — early morning - continuous 83 man # 1 scan the horizon . nothing . he turn back to man # 2 -- man # 1 ( Russian with English subtitles ) : cutter 's clear . with that , man # 2 fire up the engine to a tremendous roar of power . the eva marie take off , head straight for the shore ... omitted 84 and 85 int . HOTEL - 40 th floor hallway - early morning - continuous 85 a Cynthia race down the hallway ... 85 a 85b 85c 86 87 final shoot script 5/2/2005 84 , continued : cynthia Mr. keefe ! she run into keefe 's head bodyguard -- head bodyguard what 's happen ? cynthia ( breathless ) get he out ... Lisa call ... get he out of the room . the head bodyguard bolt back down the hall -~ ext . ocean - with the eva marie — early morning - continuous the cruiser speed for shore . wider - the lux atlantic HOTEL loom in the b.g. on man # 2 steering steadily as man # 1 finish assemble ~~ ( oulde : D sting ile S . int . HOTEL - suite 4080 - early morning — continuous the head bodyguard race inside : head bodyguard ( to the guard ) we be code red ! they bolt into action . keefe appear from the bedroom : head bodyguard ( cont would ) we be go , sir . now ! charle keefe ( turn back ; racing upstairs ) Danny ! Sarah ! omitted int . jeep cherokee ~ moving - early morning ~ continuous Lisa kill the headlight as she guide the Cherokee around another turn where fanamranren . 85 a 85b 85c 86 87 87 87a 87b final shoot script 5/2/2005 85 . continued : 87 dad' house and the silver BMW come into view . her Pov - a dark figure iterin the lawn in for : 's front door . he stomp out he cigarette , peer off in the distance , as if wait for something . he then hear a approach car , turn to see the cherokee on lisa slow the car , but still roll toward the house . breathe hard . she squint . a beat of eye on eye . then -- the dark figure reach into he coat pocket . ext . eva marie ~ early morning - continuous 87a man # 1 swing the wheel , turn the boat hard to port as -- man # 2 raise the stinger , take AIM ~~ and_ fire . the missile scream toward the highrise -- int . HOTEL - 40 th floor hallway - early morning - continuous 87b the guard hustle keefe and family into the hall -- the head bodyguard -- the last one out -- look back over he shoulder ~- he Pov - outside the balcony window - -- the missile -- vapor trail in its wake -- he turn to the flee group : head bodyguard everybod : ! they all collapse on top of keefe and he wife just as the missile sail through the balcony window and explode -~ a tremendous blast that rip through the entire area of the penthouse — — the concussion knock everyone to the floor -~ 87c 88 93 94 94a 94b 95 98 99 final shoot script 5/2/2005 86 . outside the HOTEL a massive fireball erupt from the tower , raining glass , piece of superstructure -- we whip pan 180 to see the eva marie racing away , we guy toss the remain of the weapon overboard ... omitted ext . dad be home - early morning - continuous we dark figure on the lawn turn , distract by the distant explosion . he whip he head back , see lisa - in the cherokee she turn from the explosion back to the dark figure . lisa swing the wheel , jump the curb , but still at a slow pace -- inching toward we guy as if egging he on to reveal himself , to make he move ... then -- he do just that -~ he pull a silenced beretta and open FIRE . the bullet blast through Lisa 's windshield --~ Lisa hit the deck and floors the accelerator -- ext . dad be home — early morning - continuous - the cherokee slam head on into the we mystery guy , knocking he back through the house's front door , where he land somewhere in the darkness of the entry hall beyond . omitted int . HOTEL - suite 4080 - early morning - continuous heavy smoke , debris fall . but mostly in the main room , the entry hall have shielded they from the brunt of the impact . then -- the sprinklers burst to life . jranamsrren 87c 88 thru 93 94 94a 94b 95 98 99 final shoot script 5/2/2005 87 . 99 continued : . 99 the bodyguard start to get to they foot , help keefe , lydia , the kid ... and Cynthia . cough . crying . hugging . alive . 100 ext . dad be home - early morning - continuous 100 on the cherokee smoke and silent , windshield go . distant siren , and then -- a passenger jet roar overhead , dad 's house clearly near the airport . this as Lisa slowly raise up , open the door . step out , a couple of deep cut on she forehead . she head for the bashed - in front door of dad 's house , cautiously step into 100a int . dad be home - entry hall ~ early morning - continuous 100a quiet . shadowy . painter ' tarp cover the window , but there 's still enough light for Lisa to confirm we mystery hit man 's very dead . dad ( 0.s. ) Lisa ? Lisa look up , see dad cautiously come down the stair , the cordless phone in hand . lisa dad -- dad ( notice she wound ) Lisa , what -~ lisa call 9- 1-1. dad I do . here , come in here -— ~ dad lead Lisa into the 100b live room - continuous 100b lisa I have to cali the hotel -- Lisa take the cordless out of dad 's hand . dad just sit , I will get the first aid kit . foontttten 100 B 100 c 100d final shoot script 5/2/2005 88. continued : 10028 dad move off as Lisa dial -~ intercut : int . HOTEL ~ 40 th floor hallway - early morning - continuous 100c¢ keefe , he family , the guard , and Cynthia , move down the hall , approach the stairwell . Dust , smoke , debris , emergency lighting -- and Cynthia 's cell phone ringing -- cynthia ( daze ; cough into phone ) lux Atlantic Resort , this be -- lisa Cynthia -- be you okay -- be everyone -- cynthia yeah -- sure , we be all okay -- I think -- lisa ( overwhelm ; nearly break down ) just - — - I be on my way -- Lisa hang up , start to head into the entry hall . lisa {cont would ) dad , I need you key . we need to get out of here . int . dad be home — entry hall - early morning -— continuous 100d she round the corner , stop cold at the sight of rippner round the corner from the kitchen . Lisa slowly back away , breathe hard as rippner step closer -- he put a finger to he throat and speak in a raspy , wheezy voice : rippner he 's not dead . I want he to see what I be go to do to you . Lisa suddenly bolt into the dining room , rippner pursue , then stop , catch a glimpse of lisa coon tatiten 100d 101 101a final shoot script 5/2/2005 89 . continued : 100d off he leave , shoot through the pantry area . int . dad be home - pantry room / kitchen - continuous 101 we follow behind Lisa as she emerge into the kitchen -- she round the island to see dad knock out on the floor . Lisa kneel to help . lisa dad -~ c'mon , dad -~ but dad 's not move . Lisa reach up to the counter for the phone , but rippner be already round the corner from the entry hall . lisa get to she foot , back away into the tv room - continuous . 101a pure rage in she eye . rippner step closer . lisa so it 's personal now , be that it ? be not you above that ? rippner just finish the job -- lisa it 's too late , they be all alive , it 's over -- rippner react , slightly perplex . Lisa , still back away , pick up on it . lisa ( cont would ) what , you do not know ? you fail , Jack . rippner I will finish my job . lisa not in my house . fconttniipdy 101a 101b 101¢c 101d 101e 101f 101g final shoot script 5/2/2005 90 . continued : lisa suddenly turn and bolt for the back of the house . rippner pursue as Lisa make a sudden right turn and disappear into a entryway . Lisa race up this servant staircase where she knock over a bucket full of tennis racket , pull a duffel bag off a hook , anything to slow rippner down ... she reach the top where she pull over a stack of box fill with book . they tumble down , nearly knock rippner over . Lisa slam the top staircase door behind she . rippner , he pursuit slowed by the avalanche of book be opt to head back to the bottom of the stair and the entryway where he slide the door shut and lock it . int . dad be home - lisa' brother' bedroom - second later lisa quickly slide a window open -~ in the entry hall - continuous rippner head up the stair -~- ext . dad' home / near kitchen side entrance - early morning - continuous Lisa step out onto some remodeling scaffolding , drop down to the driveway , move to the kitchen side entrance where she grab a key from under a flower pot ~- int . dad be home - 2 nd FL landing - continuous rippner peer around the landing . he Pov - Doors , room ... Lisa could be anywhere . int . dad be home - kitchen - continuous Lisa quietly enter through the side door , kneel to dad who 's regain consciousness , but still groggy . lisa dad , can you hear I -- 101a 101b 10ic 101d 101e 101f 101g 1018 1017 101k 101l 101m 101n 101p 10190 final shoot script 5/2/2005 91 . int . dad be home - 2 nd floor landing ~- moment later on rippner - he patience clearly wear thin as siren approach in the distance . int . dad be home - entry hall - continuous rippner pound down the stair , look in all direction . he then spy the mystery hit man 's body . rippner kneel down , slide out that 12 - inch ka - bar from a hide sheath . int . dad be home - kitchen - second later rippner cautiously enter from the entry hall , look down to see -- dad' gone . lisa ( 0.8 . ) hey . rippner whirl around to see -- lisa who hurl a vase practically point blank at rippner . it strike he in the chest , shatter . rippner chase Lisa back through the entry hall and up the stair . omitted int . dad be home - 2 nd FL landing - continuous Lisa reach the top , grab the nearest chair , huris it back at rippner . he easily sidestep it , round the railing , follow she into int . dad be home - 2 nd floor office ~ continuous where Lisa duck into the bathroom , slam the door behind she , lock it . rippner try to force the door open . int . dad be home - 2 nd FL master bath - continuous Lisa slowly , quietly back away from the door as rippner continue try to break through . bang ! the door hold . for a moment , we might think Lisa 's trap inside , but as we pull back with she , we reveal this bathroom indeed connect to ... 1018 1013 101k 101l 101m 101n 101p 1019 102 102a 102b 102c 103 103a thru 106 B 107 107a final shoot script 5/2/2005 92 . int . dad be home - 2 nd FL master bedroom - continuous 102 Lisa quietly race to the door and across the 2nd floor landing 102a into her old bedroom - continuous 102b where she kneel to the floor , reach under she bed , find what she 's look for ~- a dusty field hockey stick . int . dad be home - tv room - continuous 102 c we move toward and around the couch to reveal -- dad lie behind it -- and all that racket 0.8. start to wake dad up -- int . dad be home - 2 nd floor office ~ continuous 103 rippner 's now try to break into the bathroom use the ka- bar . he give up , head back out to the omitted 103a thru 106b second floor landing ~ continuous 107 we go close on rippner . he weigh which way to attack , and , with he eye on Lisa 's room 's door , head for the doorway to the brother 's room . int . lisa' dad 's home / brother 's bedroom - morning 107a Lisa , with the field hockey stick , dart silently to behind a bookcase just inside the door -~ in good position to nail rippner if he come in . ( note : behind she , we see a bathroom that we can guess lead to she bedroom . ) . she raise the stick over she head , wait for he . but rippner do not come through the door more than a step when he stop , suddenly wary -- he giance back into the hallway , as if unsure if he strategy be sound . in the foreground ~ lisa hide to rippner ' 's eye — — not able to see he , but hearing he breathe . she 's freeze . any movement and he 'il certainly hear she . another tense beat -- then -- ( conttnuren y 107a 1073 107c final shoot script 5/2/2005 93. continued : 107a rippner back slowly out of the room . we can still hear he breathe , but it 's a bit more distant . on lisa she can not take the suspense any longer -- she hazard a look rippner be go from the room , but she can still hear he breathe , just beyond that doorway . she ponder she next move . rippner 's definitely just a few foot , maybe a few inch away out there , invisible but clearly hear -able , until — he breathe suddenly stop . there 's a beat of racking ST . . close on lisa what the hell ? she move out of hide and warily approach the doorway to the hall . reverse angle - on lisa her look of confusion tell we rippner 's not out there . Lisa jerk around , look back at the bathroom and its passageway into she room . shit. rippner might be circle around ! stick ready , she dart through the bathroom - continuous 107b to the door that lead to she bedroom . shut and lock it . angle : close behind lisa she put she ear to the door . do not hear anything . she jerk around , realize maybe rippner be just hold he breath outside she brother 's bedroom door , or worse - — - shit -— be he behind the shower curtain ? she whip it back . no rippner . cU - lisa she 's barely hang on — terrify — but grimly determine . she suck it in , heft the stick and head back into she brother' bedroom - continuous 107 '' she cross to the doorway , and again we will wring every drop of suspense and fear out of the audience , expect rippner to charge through the doorway at any second . but he do not ! ( conttnoedy '' ) 107¢ final shoot script 5/2/2005 94 , continued : 107c but still , Lisa do not dare go into the hallway . she back up to the bedside table , never eye shifting from bedroom door to bathroom door -- holding she breath , she reach for the cordless phone on the table . her life might depend on she not make a sound — so she do not even breath as she do this . on her finger — just about to touch the phone — when it explode in a nerve-shatter riiiiiiiiiing ! Lisa grab the phone and hit '' talk . '' only listen — not risk use she own voice .** 911 operator ( v.0 . ) ( phone filter as need ) this be 9 - 1 - 1 dispatch , be anyone there ? relief wash over Lisa 's face -- lisa {into phone ; whisper ) yes -- 911 operator ( v.0 . ) ma‘am , I be sorry it 's be so long , we nve have a emergency downtown . my report read you have someone hit in front of you house ? lisa there 's a man in my house -- try to kill I ! 911 operator ( v.0 . ) ( instantly alert ) ma’am , stay calm , lock yourself ina room , someone will be righ Lisa 's drop the phone , streak for the door to the hallway . look out quickly , then grab the door and swing it shut . unfortunately -- this one simple act ... reveal rippner — who 's get behind it during the moment he bathr : door to she bi ! she scream or we scream — — not important which — as rippner attack , knife high . there 's a brief but terrifying struggle — he 's slashing at she , feint , thrust ... but she 's also take a toll on he — she 's damn fast with that stick — she get a couple of good one — even catch he on the wrist so hard that he lose control of the knife . it fly out the door , clatter to the floor . ( continued ) 107¢ 107d 108 final shoot script 5/2/2005 95 . continued : ( 2 ) . 107 '' but rippner be far from out — there 's a even more personal struggle as she swing again . rippner sidestep , grab out —- and suddenly have a grim hold on the stick . this happen near the doorway to the hall . he spin she around , slam she against the door ( now it 's back wide open again ) , fling she stick away — then they grapple . both nearly lose they balance , and they reel out through the door onto the second floor landing - continuous 107d where rippner slam she against the wall -- but Lisa still have plenty of fight leave —- she attempt a knee to the groin , she hand claw for he eye , but none of it work . she 's pin within moment . but she never take she eye off he , never flinch or look scared . her face be a study in fury and defiance . it 's overwhelmingly clear that far from be afraid of he , she 's just see he at last for what he be : lisa you be pathetic . and it 's almost as if we see rippner see himself in the mirror of she eye -~ he see that , and he can not bear to look at it . in frustration , rippner toss Lisa up and over the railing . Lisa , wide - eye , scream as she flip back , tumbling down the staircase to the first landing in the entry hall 108 below . Lisa 's barely conscious . unmove . her eye flutter open , catch rippner , out of focus , make he way down the stair . Lisa painfully pull herself down the last few step to the entry hall floor where she suddenly spy something underneath a table near the hit man 's body -- Lisa slowly turn she head , glance up , see rippner on the stair , the ka- bar knife once again firmly in hand . lisa {continued ) ro 109 110 111 final shoot script 5/2/2005 96 . continued : muster she last ounce of strength , scoot away , scramble for the table , reach under -- rippner reach the bottom of the step , almost on top of Lisa when -~ she suddenly raise hi 's . rippner stop . scoff . shake he head as the siren get closer . rippner . ( rez approach siren ) we will talk again . rippner start to back away . lisa -~ no. -- do not move . a beat . rippner glare at Lisa . eye she tremble hand -- try to hold the gun steady . rippner call she bluff , take a step forward -- bam . Lisa fire . Upper shoulder . the impact knock rippner back , but he do not fall . he charge back for Lisa and smack the gun from she hand . the gun slide away . rippner kneel down to Lisa when the cocking of a gun 0.8. stop he . rippner look up . dad , bloody put conscious and piss as all hell , have the gun train steadily on he -- thwump . dad fire a silenced round , hit rippner in the chest . the impact spin he around . he fall to he knee . exhaustion set in . he slink to the floor , roll on he back . alive but beat . dad advance , keep the gun train as he help Lisa pull herself up . she and dad stand over rippner as the outside siren close in . off Lisa , look down at rippner ...- CUT to : omitted int . lux atlantic HOTEL — lobby - day - later FBI agent in windbreaker , police , fire ... ( continued ) 108 109 110 ail 111 final shoot script 5/2/2005 97 . continued : . 111 a suite detective escort Lisa into the lobby . she spot cynthia talk to a couple of suit . Lisa head toward she , the detective clear the path ... Cynthia look over , see Lisa . she smile wide , race to Lisa , a bit daze but deal with it . lisa be you okay ? cynthia oh yeah . I mean , I think we have a really smooth night all thing consider . just ... that one incident really . lisa Cynthia , you do really good . cynthia yeah ? - lisa yeah . charle keefe ( 0.s. ) Excuse I , lady ? Lisa and Cynthia turn to see Charles keefe , flanke by heavily armed bodyguard . lisa Mr. keefe -~ keefe step forward . Lisa find herself embrace hin . charle keefe I want to thank you both . bodyguard sir , we have to -- charle keefe ( to Lisa and Cynthia ) dust ... thank you . {then just to Lisa ) let 's talk soon , yes ? lis absolutely . anything you need . ( continued ) 111 final shoot script 5/2/2005 98 . continued : ( 2 ) ' 111 keefe smile , nod . his bodyguard quickly usher he away - Lisa and Cynthia watch he go -- maryann taylor ( 0.s - ) Lisa ? Lisa and Cynthia turn to see a fume Bob and maryann Taylor make they way out , a bellhop and . cart follow they . maryann taylor ( cont would ) Lisa ? Lisa and Cynthia eye each other , brace themselves . maryann taylor ( cont would ) Lisa , do you have any idea what we have be through ? first , no reservation , and then I get chunks of plaster all over I ... i’1l probably get asthma ... lisa ( feign concern ) I be so sorry , Mrs. Taylor , how can we make it up to you ? . bob taylor ( have : Cynthia ) first you clean house , start with she ... maryann taylor she 's completely incompetent . bob taylor absolutely . lisa I see . Lisa reach behind the small concierge podium , grab a 5 x8 comment card , hand it to Mr. Taylor . lisa ( cont would ) well here , why do not you take this + - bob taylor a comment card ? you want we to fill out a comment card ? lisa ( still all business ; deadpan ) I do . ( more ) ( continued ) 111 final shoot script 5/2/2005 99 . continued : { [ 3 ) li lisa ( cont would ) and after you have finish , just go ahead and shove it up you ass - ( off the Taylor 's shock ) thanks for stay with we . Lisa do not wait for a response . she quickly turn , pulis Cynthia away . cynthia you be so my hero . as we pull back and away , Lisa and Cynthia melting into the crowd ... lisa no , Cynthia , you be so mine . cynthia you wanna hit the bar ? I mean we should make a toast to be alive or something ... lisa good idea . cynthia what be you in the mood for ? . lisa anything but a Bay Breeze . fade out .