Red , White , Black and Blue script red , white , black , and blue " this be the time that try man 's soul : the summer soldier and the sunshine patriot will , in this crisis , shrink from the service of he country ; but he that stand it now , deserve the love and thanks of man and woman . " - Thomas paine " the crisis " Dec. 23 , 1776 soundtrack begins : all 70' - style whammy - bar guitar , high -hat percussion and horn section , vibro-groovey ... int . kittle's apartment -- morning 6:00 be on a alarm clock . it buzy . credit sequence begins ... in bed , under a black - light poster of Zodiac sign portray as sexual position , kittle open he eye . he 's dashingly handsome , with a bushy moustache and big mutton chop . in the mirror on the ceiling : kittle admire himself , then get up , leave behind a naked , beautiful woman . kittle you should hit the brick . the woman be start to regret last night . in the kitchen , kittle open the fridge , put a shrink - wrap steak on the counter , a carton of egg . he light a burner under a skillet . in the bedroom , the woman sit up , wrap herself in a sheet . she notice a picture hang crooked on the wall : a photo of kittle in dress blue , fresh from the police academy ; a kittle once clean - cut , crew - cut and untaint . a kittle long dead . in the kitchen , kittle dump the steak in the skillet . he crack egg as the woman come to pose in the doorway . beautiful woman do not I even get breakfast ? kittle look at she , smile . kittle no . CUT to : int . billy - boy' house -- morning 6:00 be . a alarm clock ring . billy - boy 's already up , a outsize , scruffy - face bruiser with mutton chop rivaling kittle 's . he 's lift weight , naked , cover in sweat , smoking a cigarette . his gun and badge wait in a holster on a chair . billy - Boy drop the barbell , execute kung - fu move , poorly . he chop at imaginary foe as he exit . a moment later , he cross back with a six - pack of beer ... in the bathroom , billy - Boy get in the shower , guzzle a beer . he toss the empty , turn on the water ... blasted by the cold spray , billy - Boy throw back he head and let out a long , loud war hoot . CUT to : int . nena' apartment -- morning alarm clock . 6:00 be again , as the alarm buzy ... in the satin-sheet bed , a siamese cat leap up and rub against nena . nena roll over , black and beautiful , straighten she power afro . she pet the cat , push away she pillow and pick up she gun there . in the kitchen , nena put the gun down and fill a coffee pot at the sink . the cat circle she ankle , purring . nena open a can of tuna , dump it on a plate and put it on the floor . the cat eat . nena open the refrigerator where a photo of Bruce Lee be tape to the door . she take out a coffee jar , revealing a gun hide behind it on the shelf . in a cabinet , she push aside another gun to get a mug . nena sit at a table to wait for water to boil . she pick through a box of electronic bit and piece , tinkering with a micro - transmitter , use a jeweler 's eyepiece . camera move down ... reveal a holster screw to the underside of table : another gun within reach . in the bedroom , nena enter with coffee . she kneel cross-legged in a bean - bag chair , light incense , then shut she eye and begin she morning meditation with a low hum . CUT to : int . kittle's apartment -- morning at a mirror , kittle tie he wide tie , comb he moustache . his suit be of the finest , loudest plaid . he straighten the " whip inflation now " button on he wide lapel . ext . kittle's apartment -- morning kittle stride toward garage behind he building , point a remote . one garage door open slowly . we cannot see into the dark garage as kittle disappear inside . we hear a car door . a engine roar , rumble , idling ... a throaty gurgle ... till kittle pull out in he Ford gran torino gt ... a small american flag on the antenna flap in the breeze . the torino swing onto the street , peel out ... zoom in : as the torino race away . freeze frame . ... credit sequence end . ext . h'wood street -- morning -- aerial shot ( rooftop ) kittle 's torino cruise down vine past Capital record . traffic 's light this early ... whip pan / zoom in : on the " hollywood " sign , distant . ext . hollywood boulevard -- morning kid toss firecracker in the gutter and watch they pop . Red , white and blue decoration be everywhere . superimpose title card : July 4th , 1976 nena walk down the sidewalk in a leather overcoat , sunglass and ultra-flair bell - bottom . shop -keeper raise storefront gate greet she . Men crane they neck to watch she pass , wide - eye and whistling . in the street , the torino round a corner . it pull to the curb to meet nena . a elderly drunkard 's leer at nena as she climb in the car . drunkard right on , Brown sugar ! how ' bout take I with you ? nena where I be go today , Old man , you do not want to go . as kittle pull away , u-turn ... CUT to : ext . hamburger stand -- morning alfresco greasy -spoon . under one r,w+b umbrella , billy - Boy , in baggy suit and lollipop - orange aviator sunglass , consume a burger and look lovey - eye at he school -marm girlfriend , who read a " math " text , innocent and petit . across the street , kittle 's car pull up , honking . billy - Boy motion he will be along in a minute . in the torino nena 's read " fear of Flying . " kittle watch billy -boy . kittle look at she and he together . King Kong and fay wray . nena glance up , return to read . nena whatever . billy - Boy give he girl a apple , kiss she . kittle lay on the horn . billy - Boy run over with a cup of take - out coffee , carry a newspaper under he arm . billy - boy why do I always have to sit in back ? nena it 's just the way thing be , kiddo . billy - boy well , I would like to sit in front today . nena it 's not gonna happen . kittle fer cryin ' out loud , billy - Boy , just get in the car . you be way too big a target to be sit up here . billy - Boy get in , disgruntled , hand the coffee to nena who pass it to kittle as the car set in motion . billy - Boy turn to look out the back , wave goodbye . kittle watch through the rearview mirror . kittle how 's you precious little school - marm today ? billy - boy she 's fine , as if you care . kittle tell I something ... what 's a school teacher do have you meet for breakfast in one of the filthiest part of downtown skank -ville ? I mean , this be not the place for fine dining , unless look at prostitute stimulate you appetite . billy - boy filthy kid go to kindergarten too . what be you say , anyhow ? kittle nothing , I guess . just a observation . she 's really something special . you be a lucky fella . billy - boy Lay off once , would you ? kittle what would I say ? billy - boy it 's the way you say it , like there 's something more too it . nena you be wear rubber , billy - Boy ? billy - boy wha ... ? nena birth control 's important . billy - boy ( blush , astonished ) what ... what kinda thing be that to say ? kittle she 's right . if you two be do the horizontal polka , the last thing you want be a thirty - five pound bundle - of - joy stumbling around , knock over furniture and call you " daddy . " billy - boy ( beleaguere ) jeez ... it 's too early in the morning for this . leave off . ( hand up newspaper ) here 's you paper . kittle what , be I suppose to read it while I drive ? keep a grip on it , alright ? nena ( turn to billy - Boy ) you know , the more weight back there , the faster the car go . billy - boy bullshit . nena you never hear of physics , Einstein ? the law of physics . the more ballast we keep closer to the rear tire ... billy - boy I be back here , be not I ? so , you do not have to make up a buncha lie to make I feel good about it . nena oh ... okay . nena face front . CUT to : ext . porn shop / peep show -- morning the torino come to halt at a seedy " adult book shop . " " live nude Girls . " we heroes pile out of the car . billy - Boy and nena head in , but kittle stop , incense by a GEORGE WASHINGTON mannequin with a inflatable sex -doll in its arm . a sign above read " porn on the fourth of July ! " kittle shove the mannequin to the ground , then follow ... int . porn shop , entrance -- morning billy - Boy , nena and kittle move briskly through . the porn dealer at the counter leap to he foot , fearful . porn dealer hey , hey , hey , kittle ... I do not need no fuck hassle here ! kittle ( point , furious ) then , sit you fat , sweaty ass back down in that chair ! porn Dealer obey . int . porn shop , peep show booths -- morning billy - Boy , nena and kittle push through bead curtain into a dank hall . they split up , open door , search ... kittle ( in through a door ) pardon I ... my mistake . take you thought in hand , huh ... ? nena ( into a booth ) whoops ... do not mind I . go ahead and finish up . int . porn shop , peep booth -- morning a greasy , bespectacle pervert , benny , sit in a tiny booth , sweat in front of a window look in on a top -less stripper who gyrate without enthusiasm . a knock , and kittle stick he head in . kittle Sir , the management would like to offer a complimentary wet-nap ... benny turn , mortify . kittle hey , benny ! how 's it hang ? well ... you know , do not answer that . kittle whistle down the hall , then enter , friendly . benny kittle ... kittle where you be hide , grease - fist ? we have be look for you . nena and billy - B cram in , shut the door . very tight fit . kittle you remember nena and billy - Boy . ( bang on window ) take a break , sweetheart . the stripper go to sit in a chair . benny what do you want ? I be clean . I be clean a long time . kittle really ? be that a fact ... ? kittle put he gun to benny 's forehead , search benny 's pocket , find a bag of powder , which he hand over he shoulder to nena . nena stick in she pinkie , taste it . nena pure horse . kittle ( reholster gun ) you be such a disappointment , benny . nena sprinkle the powder to the floor benny oh , you fucker ! you fuck fucker ! what ? what do you want ? kittle Word be , while the vice cop on the East Coast be stand around play pocket pool , 300 kilo of heroin get smuggle into New York City . and , right now it 's make a cross -country journey to Hollywood , U.S.A . nena arrive tonight kittle go into Zimmermann 's pipeline . benny look , I know how you guy operate , but I get a witness ... ( point to glass ) I get a witness , so you can not squeeze I . the bored stripper smoke a cigarette , and just then a metal door slide close over the window . peep show 's over . kittle ( grin ) look like you dime run out . kittle motion to billy - Boy . billy - Boy squeeze past , lift benny by the lapel and shake he violently . benny hey now ... what the fuck ... ? kittle again . billy - Boy shake benny harder , really rattling he . kittle know what he 's do , benny ? he 's try to jog you memory . benny I do not know what you be talk about , man . even if I do , I be not so crazy I be gonna cross Zimmermann . kittle this scag be enough to keep every junkie from here to the mexican border high as a kite for the next two year . you think we be gonna let Zimmermann haul it onto we street on the fourth-of-fucking - July !? nena you must not think we take we responsibility very seriously . billy - Boy shake benny , and shake he and shake he ... kittle last time billy - Boy do this , the guy 's neck break ... ( snap finger ) ... just like that . sad in a way . why be it we do not truly appreciate we arm and leg till we have lose the use of they ? benny alright ! alright ... put I down ... billy - Boy look to kittle , kittle nod . billy - Boy put benny down . nena cozy up , start comb benny 's hair over he bald spot , which be creep he out . benny it 's bone dry out there . everybody 's hurt . the stuff float around 's be cut so many time it 's like powder sugar , but Zimnermann 's gonna fix it . kittle I need the " when " and the " where . " benny I do not know , okay ? all I know be butch cassidy 's back in town . nena that 's not what we hear . benny he 's back , swear to friggin ' God . I see he at the needle farm say how he 's Zimmermann 's number one candy - man again . if anyone know anything , he do . kittle airight ... we will take that . but , start spread the news ... ( poke benny 's chest ) Zimmermann go down tonight . nena and billy - Boy exit . benny 's relieved . kittle stop and toss a handful of coin on the floor ... kittle knock yourself out . kittle throw in a handkerchief , slam the door . CUT to : ext . porn shop -- morning billy - Boy , nena and kittle get in the torino . they drive ... inside the torino kittle sort through 8 - track tape on the dash . he put one into the player and twist volume . on the STREET springsteen 's " born to run " ( or some similar 70 's anthem to cause all we heart to skip a beat with cheap , easy , sentimental reminiscence ) be heard kicking in ... camera follows the torino . tracking shot : of the star on the dirty sidewalk of Hollywood boulevard whizzing by . tracking shot : past a STREET vendor with a cart of flag , election button and dozen of r,w+b inflatable animal . whip pan : to follow the torino as it race past , then zoom in : on the neon lettering of the " frolic room " bar . tracking shot : past a x-rate theater double - billing " Alice in wonderland " and " behind the Green door . " tracking shot : past a shop window of television all show prez Ford speechify . the torino turn , cut across a trash strewn lot . camera follows the torino as it come out to the street , but the music spirite we through this montage abruptly go garble and slow to a extended groan ... inside the torino kittle look down , piss . kittle what the fuck ... ? he yank the 8 - track cassette . the player spit rag tape . it 's screw . CUT to : ext . seedy motel / suburban street -- morning torino 's park . nena look through binocular ... nena come on , butch ... show you pretty face ... nena' p.o.v . -- through binoculars scan curtain window of a shit-hole motel in bleak suburb . various freak and prostitute hang out . nena ( o.s. ) man-oh-man , this place be one hell of a skeeze - pad . in the torino kittle just breathe the air in there will give you the clap . kittle 's still yanking tape from the cassette player , toss it out . billy - Boy 's smoking in back . billy - boy you should not litter . kittle thank you , concerned citizen . billy - boy give a Hoot . do not pollute . kittle I will give you a fuck hoot if you do not shut up back there . kittle turn on the radio : " afternoon Delight " by starlight vocal Band . he push another button : " Saturday night " by the Bay City roller . billy - Boy take a swig from he pocket flask , snuff he cigarette in a overflow ashtray . kittle try other station , frustration grow as the choice worsen : " disco duck " by Rick dees. " popcorn . " " season in the Sun " by Terry jack . Glen Campbell 's " rhinestone cowboy . " " do not give up on we " by David soul , nena do not torture yourself ... she turn the radio off , hand binocular to kittle and open the newspaper . headline : israeli commandos free hostage . she pull out a section , toss it to billy ... the funny page . billy - Boy start read they . nena fold the paper over to the " horoscope . " kittle why do you bother with that mumbo-jumbo crap ? some fruitcake 's write it between bong hit , make it up as he go , and you be actually take the time to read it . nena yeah , non -believer ? here 's yours ... ( read ) " Scorpio , October 24 to November 22 : Jupiter be in conflict with saturn , so proceed with caution ... " kittle look out ! Jupiter and saturn will get you every fuck time . nena " today you have a rare opportunity to make a big difference in you choose field . by you able leadership and with great conviction and strength of character , you will come up a winner . " kittle let I see that ... ( read , impressed ) not bad . kittle 's pleased , look back through the binocular . billy - boy what 's mine say ? nena ( read , to billy ) " Leo . the stage of the moon be in alignment , so now be a perfect time for a vigorous regimen of self improvement . wash yourself more carefully each morning , stop use pie and cake as you primary source of nourishment , and quit tucking you shirttail inside you underwear . " billy - boy it do not say that . nena no , but it should . kittle lower the binocular , search he pocket . kittle hey , before I forget ... he hand over two small box , wear he sincerity on he sleeve . billy - Boy and nena open the box , find bright r,w+b " Spirit of ' 76 " salt and pepper shaker . kittle ( pridefully modest ) just a little , you know ... bicentennial memento . nothing special . billy - boy whoa , thanks , man . this be cool . they will be collector 's item . nena ( unenthuse ) yeah ... great . kittle you know ... you could say thank you . nena you be the one with the star-spangled hard - on , not I . kittle what be you , communist ? at least numb-nut here have the courtesy to pretend he like they . kittle look back through binocular . billy - boy hey ... nena forgive I for not oo cartwheel over commemorative salt and pepper shaker kittle I just think you should show some respect . I mean , call I old fashioned , but 200 year ago when Ben Franklin and that guy sign the constitution and declaration of Independence , they do that so we could all share in the freedom ... nena first of all , the constitution be not writtem till 1787 ... kittle you know what I mean . nena second of all , the declaration of Independence be all for liberty and equality , but it do not do anything about slavery , do it ? kittle ( stymy ) yeah , well ... nobody 's perfect . they could not go do everything at once . nena all I be say be , you little bicentennial memento would be more accurate if there be no hole in the pepper shaker so the pepper could not get out . kittie let 's drop it , alright ? nena sure . kittle alright ? nena absolutely . kittle look back through binocular . at the seedy motel a hairy nan in only short get a paper from a coin box . on a balcony , a door open ... someone 's come out ... zoom in : on butch cassidy , a sorry - look transvestite hustler in blonde wig , smear lipstick and cowboy hat . kittle ( o.s. ) butch cassidy ride again . in the torino kittle lower binocular . billy - Boy sit forward . billy - boy that 's he alright . nena it 's go time , billy - B . billy - Boy climb out , bring a golf club as a weapon . kittle escort everyone 's favorite she - male over here nice and peaceful - like . let 's not have another incident like at the laundromat . I will never forget the look on that poor woman 's face . billy - boy that be not my fault . kittle save it . just go . on the STREET billy - Boy trek toward the motel . up the block , butch cassidy greet other hooker in front of the motel , slap " five . " billy - Boy cross the street , hide the club behind he . ahead , a customized van with a spiderman mural paint on the side pull up , stop across the street from the motel . in the torino kittle frown . on the STREET billy - Boy pick up the pace . ahead , butch cassidy seem to notice he , try to act casual , head to the street . in the torino kittle ( under he breath ) do not let he get to the van . on the STREET butch be go towards the van . billy - Boy start run-walk , far from inconspicuous . in the torino kittle grip the steering wheel . kittle do not let he get to the van . on the STREET butch cassidy look to billy - Boy , run . billy - Boy sprint . in the torino kittle lean out , shouting . kittle do not let he get to the fuck van ! on the STREET butch cassidy jump in the van as it do a scream u-turn . billy - Boy throw he golf club in frustration . kittle start the torino and peel out just as the van rage past in the other direction . billy - Boy run back . the torino head towards he , spin ... nena throw open the door ... in the torino billy - Boy scramble in back . nena smooth move , hot -shot . billy - boy what be I suppose to do ? kittle lose some weight . on the STREET the torino roar forward . the van 's get a good lead . in the torino kittle hit the siren . nena mount the spin dome light . in back , billy - Boy grip half he seatbelt . billy - boy I ... I can not find my seatbelt . kittle what do you want I to do about it ? on the STREET the van zoom through a intersection , dip hard . a few beat later , the torino follow , bounce ... in the torino billy - Boy 's head slam roof . he yelp , grip he skull . on the STREET follow the high speed pursuit ... jerk corner . the van burn a 4 - way stop . a vw bug start to cross ... in the torino billy - Boy 's look down as he fasten he seatbelt . nena point at the vw ... nena look out ! kittle hit brake ... on the STREET the torino stop , inch from the bug . in the torino billy - Boy lurch , hit he face on the seat in front of he and rebound . he clutches he forehead . billy - boy stop that ! kittle pound the horn . nena 's yell . the bug move . nena go , go , go ! kittle zoom around . CUT to : ext . suburban STREET , further on -- chase continue the van take a corner , careen off a park car ... the van race on . however , ahead ... a car back out of a driveway , block the street . the van brake hard , throw smoke , horn blaring . behind , the torino round the corner ... in the torino kittle we get he . nena slow down . kittle " go , go , go ! " " slow down . " make up you mind . nena do not crowd he . on the STREET the torino close in . the van 's rear door open ... zoom in : a tie -dy hippy in the van leveling a shotgun ... in the torino , kittle , nena and billy - Boy see he ... kittle down ! kittle , mama and billy - Boy duck as the torino brake . the hippy blast ... a hole explode in the torino 's windshield . the torino stop . kittle , nena and billy - Boy sit up . nena hate to say I tell you so . the van 's reverse light come on , tire spin ... kittle react , put the torino in reverse ... the van pick up speed , door jerk close , chase the torino backwards down the block ... nena kick hard -- jettison the ruin windshield . inside the van the van driver use the side rearview to see . butch cassidy , in the passenger seat , look to the back where the hippy 's kneele on a waterbed and reloading . butch cassidy what the fuck you doin ' ? they be pig ! you can not kill no cop ! hippy watch I . on the STREET kittle 's go full speed reverse . nena fire she gun into the back of the van . other car brake as the torino rocket backwards through a intersection . the van arrive similarly , slide ... the van burn rubber , choose another street , forward . in the torino nena reload with a speed loader . kittle shift gear , blast onwards to follow . kittle son of bitch ! billy - boy we catch them , I wanna be first to hurt them . promise I I get to go first . kittle we will share . CUT to : ext . canyon roadway -- chase contintes the van hit the road 's crest , airborne ... land hard , head downhill , south into a canyon . the torino follow , fly ... bottome out . the road twist radically . kittle bring the torino close ... nudge the van 's rear . the van scrape guardrail , throw spark , straighten . in the torino wind whip through the car . nena get onto the hood , halfway out , bite she lip and aim two gun , kittle hold you horse , sweetpea . we need butch cassidy alive , remember ? nena shit . you be right . nena consider , disappointed . kittle if they crash , maybe he will run . you can shoot he in the leg or something . nena let 's hope . on canyon road the van and torino barrel downhill , barely control . oppose traffic zip past . kittle ram from behind again . the van 's door open ... the hippy try to aim , shifting to and for . the torino back off . inside the van butch cassidy get out of he seat , move back ... butch cassidy you crazy fuck junkie ! butch kick the hippy from behind ... on canyon road the hippy hit the street , roll ... scream as ... the torino 's grillwork rush to meet he . inside the torino the car bounce -- bumpity - thud -- as the hippy be crush . billy - Boy look back as the body disappear around a bend , billy - boy ouch . billy - Boy unhook the police radio microphone beside he . billy - boy ( into mic ) Central , car 1 - 5 - 5 request a ambulance ( look back ) uh ... ambulance emergency at Canyon boulevard and ... he try to spot a cross street . billy - boy ( into mic , at a loss ) um ... we be on Canyon where it 's really ... twisty , turny . on canyon road follow the van and torino . the road 's curve be extreme . it 's all the torino can do to stay close . take a turn wide , the van decimate mailbox . the torino follow through flutter letter . in the torino kittle that 's a federal offense right there ; tamper with the U.S mail ! kittle gird he loin , eyeing the opposite lane . kittle I be gonna get beside he . nena ( worried ) no you be not . billy - boy ( equally fearful ) that 's a bad plan . kittle loosen he tie . kittle I be gonna get beside . nena , you be gonna shoot out he tire . nena no , we be not go to do that . kittle accelerate . engine roar ... on canyon road the torino inch into the opposite lane , be force to retreat because of oncoming traffic . the torino try again , but a pick - up truck 's come ... miss by inch , side mirror smashed ! kittle recoil . in the torino kittle ( determine ) I can work this . billy - boy no you can not . kittle get ready . nena I hate you . on canyon road brief straightaway . kittle speed up ... the torino come along the van 's leave side ... nena put she gun out , aim for tire ... ahead : a motorcycle speed straight at the torino ! in the torino kittle 's eye widen . nena see the cycle . kittle jerk the wheel leave . nena pull she arm in just as ... on canyon road the motorcycle somehow fit between the van and torino . the torino return to its proper lane behind the van . in the torino nena look at kittle , seethe . kittle will not look at she . nena you ... suck ! you almost get we all kill ! kittle you think this be so easy ? nena can not be worse than you . kittle oh yeah ? nena that 's right , white bread . give it up . right now . kittle okay , okay ... hold on . do not go get you panty in a knot ... kittle peer forward , thru windshield : pretty straight road . kittle make a hole , billy - Boy . billy - boy I would rather you guy do not do this again . kittle move it ! billy - Boy reluctantly slide behind nena as she reach to hold the wheel ... kittle go ! simultaneously : kittle scramble over the front seat to the back and nena hop into the driver 's seat . nena now we be take a ride . she shift , engine growling . CUT to : ext . commercial STREET -- chase continue store front and business . the van take a corner , dodge other car ... the torino pursue , nena at the wheel . the van face a mini-traffic jam . nowhere to go , except ... up on the sidewalk , clobbering a parking meter . nena follow without hesitation , jump the curb . on the sidewalk , pedestrian scatter , scream . the van blast through the obligatory newsstand ... up ahead : fruit stand ... destroyed ... the van hit the cross street ... bounce over a median strip , burn rubber . the torino 's behind , horn blowing ... civilian vehicle panic skid , crashing park car , the upcoming intersection show a red light . too bad . the van slam a crossing car , explode onward . in the torino kittle climb up to the front passenger seat . kittle get closer ! do not lose he ! nena I kinda already figure that , but keep that helpful hint come . on a cross STREET the van take a sharp turn , tooling up a highway on-ramp ... ext . elevate highway -- chase continue ... onto the freeway . relatively clear sailing ahead . in the van butch cassidy look in he rearview . through mirror : the torino rise on the horizon . on the highway it 's all R.P.M. 's here . 80mph ... 85 mph and climb . the torino 's close the gap . in the van butch cassidy climb across the waterbed , open a utility box by the wheel - well ... find the van 's jack . on the highway the torino zig - zag past other car . in the torino the world outside 's a blur . kittle ( motion with hand ) you put you bumper just behind he leave tire and then accelerate ... make he spin out ... nena be there nothing in this world you enjoy more than the sound of you own voice ? in back , billy - Boy 's look out , sweaty scared . billy - boy ( to himself ) this be too fast . ( to kittle and nena ) this be way too fast ! kittle relax . billy - boy ( grip kittle 's shoulder ) we should slow down . kittle hand off the suit , monkey - boy . Close you eye if you be scared . billy - Boy sit back , dig up he " Pittsburgh steeler " football helmet and strap it on . on the highway the van and torino blast past . in the van butch cassidy 's at the head of the waterbed with the jack rig under the frame , pump the handle ... the frame lift in front ; angle so the waterbed 's slide and sloshing ... bunching up at the rear door . on the highway the torino increase velocity . in the van butch cassidy lock the jack , climb over the frame and slide down , stomping on the blob-like waterbed . he grip a strap on the ceiling and kick at the rear door handle , but miss . kick again . on the highway the torino 's directly behind . the van 's door open ... in the torino nena , kittle and billy - Boy see what 's about to happen . kittle oh shit ! on the highway the waterbed flop out on tbe road ... the torino collide in a explosion of water ... spin out of control ... skid backwards on the shoulder , scraping the guardwall till it finally come to a halt . in the torino daze pause . nena , kittle and billy - Boy be drench . kittle alright ... you have you chance , sister . make room for kittle ... nena climb in back . kittle take the wheel . on the highway the torino spit shoulder gravel , u-turn ... cause other car to make drastic move to avoid . in the torino kittle accelerate , shifting gear , focus . kittle the time have come ... ( shift gear ) ... for ass to be kick . he shift again . engine deafening ... speedometer : 65mph ... 70mph ... 75 mph ... on the highway far ahead : the van . butch cassidy stick he head out the window , hold he hat , look back . butch cassidy fuck I ... indeed . the torino 's far back , but come on strong . in the torino kittle firepower , billy - Boy billy - Boy swig from he flask . he open a trap door in the seat beside he , reach back in the trunk to produce a saw - off shotgun , which he hand up to nena . speedometer : vibrate at 99mph ... 105mph ... on the highway the torino 's get close to the van , look like it 's gonna pass on the right . the van move to block ... kittle twist the wheel ... come around the van 's leave side ... nena point the shotgun ... the torino overtake the van ... nena fire -- boom -- the van 's back tire be obliterated ! the van fishtail , out of control ... the van cross six lane leave , then cross right back , straight at the concrete guardwall ... crash into the guardwall -- the van driver fly through the windshield like a human cannonball , throw off the elevate highway ... on a surface STREET below a truck driver sit in traffic , whistle a tune . pull back to reveal : he 's in a glass truck load down with great , big , perfect sheet of glass , just as ... the van driver soar from above -- shatter everything ! up on the highway the torino skid to halt on the shoulder . kittle , nena and billy - Boy run back to look down to where people gather around the glass accident . billy - boy jiminy Christmas . kittle I can not even begin to imagine how much that must have hurt . at the van , a door open and butch cassidy stumble out , wig askew , bleed . he run across the highway ... nena ( see butch ) you get to be kid . nena whip out a gun , fire a warning shot . nena halt , jackass ! butch keep go . nema take quick aim , shoot ... butch 's leg be knock out from under he . he hit the median , moan . Cars rush past . kittle ( to nena ) told you you would get to shoot he . ( head to car , to billy - Boy ) think you can pick he up without all the bell and whistle this time , Big - Boy ? thanks . CUT to : ext . precinct house -- morning the wounded torino ride up at the precinct house . at the underground garage , joe mechanic , in greasy overall , jaw with cop . he spot the torino come . joe mechanic ah , jeez , here we go again ... kittle sorry , Joe . this thing happen . kittle get out . nena and billy - Boy drag out the batter butch cassidy in a gag and handcuffs . kittle ( toss key ) pop in a windshield and bang out the dent . I need it quick . joe mechanic ( get in torino ) this car love you , kittle . why do you treat it so bad ? kittle fear of commitment . Joe drive the torino into the underground garage . billy - Boy and nena bring butch cassidy up the precinct house stair . kittle follow , cop come and go . friend cop come out , a young , fresh - face model citizen in uniform . friend cop kittle !? kittle 's elate to see friend cop , bear-hugge he . kittle hey , squirt ! goddamn , it 's good to see you . how you be ? friend cop can not complain , but I will if you give I half a chance . kittle you meet my partner ... ? ( to nena and billy - B ) this here 's Harry mcdoogle 's kid . Fresh out of the academy . top of the class and best score on the pistol range to boot . billy - Boy and nena greet he and shake hand . meanwhile ... down the block a cadillac eldorado round the corner . two villain in front . one villain in back . all in suit and ski-mask . on the precinct stair kittle ( positively beam ) you pop must be proud of you . look at ya , ya short - shaver ... kittle take off friend cop 's hat , ruffle he crew-cut . kittle finally get a haircut . Hell , you look almost respectable . friend cop ( laugh ) almost , right ? ( of butch cassidy ) look like you get you hand full . kittle buckaroo 's go downstairs for a little " chit-chat . " gonna tell we all about Zimmermann 's big score ... ( remove butch 's gag ) be not you , butch - butch ? butch cassidy suck my dick . kittle ( stuff gag back ) he 's disgruntled right now , but he will come around . on the STREET the cadillac speed up ... split - screen : on the stair ( slo - mo ) : on the STREET ( slo - mo ) : nena see danger , shout machine gun point from a warning ... the window of the cadillac . friend cop spot the the ski-mask villain cadillac and start to open fire -- flame erupting draw he gun ... from they weapon , rapid fire : blasting and blasting billy - Boy dive forward ... and blasting and blasting and blasting , non-stop ... butch cassidy 's hit ... blood explode from he villain keep firing , tooth body and splattering ... bare through they mask ... billy - Boy tackle kittle ... Machine gun retorting ... spend shell fly ... nena hit the dirt . gun barrel spitting death . friend cop 's gun be only blasting ... halfway up when bullet blasting ... slap he in the chest and blasting ... blood spurt ! ( straight - blasting ... from - the-bucket red paint blasting ... blood , like all 70' blood . ) billy - Boy land on the blasting ceaselessly ... ground with kittle in he arm . the cadillac accelerate , gun still firing ... butch cassidy do a dance of death as glass door Machine gun be withdraw , behind he shatter . smoke wafting . split -screen end as ... butch cassidy go fly through the precinct door . friend cop fall , cough blood . billy - Boy leap to he foot , enraged ... nena rise to follow ... billy - Boy and nena draw weapon as they bound down the stair , chase the cadillac , shoot . on the stair , kittle see friend cop down . horror . billy - Boy and nena keep run and firing , but ... the cadillac escape round a corner . kittle come to friend cop 's body , cradle he . kittle no ... come on , kid . come on ... ( feel for pulse ) no ... friend cop 's dead . kittle squeeze he , eye fill with tear , anguish fury building ... kittle ( to the heaven ) noooooooooooo ...!! CUT to : ext . STREET , a few block away -- morning follow the cadillac 's escape . villain remove ski-mask ... inside the cadillac in front , there 's mickey , evil , with spike blonde hair and wrap -around sunglass , and ball , eviller , a lip -less dullard in a fez hat and turtle - neck sweater . in back , there 's poe , evilest , one dangerous - look bastard ; a circus freak giant in a pink polyester three - piece suit . poe Nice job , boy . iced a bonus cop in the bargain . he dip he gold - plate pinkie-nail in a vial , snort coke . poe groovey . he grin , have a bunch of tooth miss in front . CUT to : int . posh club , restaurant -- morning windowless , wood - panele wall showcase fine oil painting . quiet music plays . it 's a staid club , isolate from the outside world . kittle , nena and billy - Boy push through the front door , blow by the maitre D ' . maitre d' Excuse I , sir . kittle you be excuse . kittle , nena and billy - Boy stop , scan the restaurant . the maitre d' catch up , block , calmly superior . maitre d' sir and madam ... I assure you you be not welcome here , this be a very exclusive , private club . kittle so be this ... kittle show he badge , move on ... snobby , upper-crusty patron look up with disapproval from they r,w+b centerpiece table as we heroes stride to ... the table in the rear corner , where zimmermann be flanke by two bimbos , mickey , ball , poe and other thug . zimmermann well , well ... if it be not the justice League of America . Zimmermann be a jewelry - adorn , Truman capote-ish drug-czar , sinister and calm . ball stand , look tough . billy - Boy pick up speed , shove ball with both hand ... send ball stumbling violently backwards , crashing into and flipping over another table , to the dismay of patron . kittle ( to ball ) do not get up on we account . ( to Zimmermann ) mind if we join you , Zimmermann ? kittle sit . thug be edgy . zimmermann be my guest . ( to bimbos ) lady ... go powder you beak . the bimbos go as nena and billy - Boy sit . ball rise , wiping scramble egg off he suit , furious . Zimmermann wave he off , and ball acquiesce , skulking away . nena how you be , poe ? poe better than ever , chickie . nena still have not fix that front chopper , huh ? guess you be digging that hillbilly look . kittle we probably should give them back ... but billy - Boy seem to think they be some kinda good luck charm . billy - Boy hold up a tiny jar with tooth inside , rattles they at poe . poe remain impassive . zimmermann ( still eatimg ) what can we do for you , officer ? what new , mindless harassment have you plan this morning ? kittle just want to make you aware ... before today 's over , we will be stand on top of you mountain of horse and pissing down on you . zimmermann thank you for share that charming image . nena laugh it up . you will cry later . billy - boy you will cry like a great big , blubber baby . Zimmermann laugh , dab he mouth with he napkin . zimmermann you three ... ( shake head , amaze , address the table ) narcotics have be around since before 4000 b.c. marijuana be a major crop in colonial North America . Wars have be wage over opium , and still ... in spite of it ... ( motion to trio ) ... into that timeline of thousand of year come three vice cop determine to change the course of human history . thug laugh derisively . kittle struggle to mask anger . kittle could not have say it better myself . zimmermann you bust some small - time pimp , whore and dime - bag junky , like the world 's a better place because you be in it . and for what , kittle ... two hundred and fifty dollar a week ? tell I , how do anyone get so self - rightious when they can barely afford to pay they rent ? kittle just ' cause you belong to some fancy - pants club , do not make you any less a murderer . zimmermann murderer ? really ? nena you be steal people 's life , pusher - man . you might be killin ' they so slow they think they be be save , but down that road , they be just as dead . zimmermann live under whichever delusion you choose , you will never touch I . you be not smart enough . billy - boy shove it up you ass . zimmermann and always with the witty rejoinder . touche '! ( pick up menu ) let I treat you to brunch . you will need you strength . kittle thanks , but we do not recognize " brunch " as a actual meal . zimmermann ( look at menu ) I insist . what will it be ? Boston tea Party clam chowder , or maybe the Chicken Red , White and cordon bleu ? no ... ( toss menu ) there 's a special on the menu , today only ... ( pointedly , to kittle ) ... roast pig . kittle do a slow boil ... flashback -- precinct house stair -- two scene ago friend cop 's gun be only halfway up when bullet slap he in the chest and blood spurt ... ! back to scene in pose club all at once , in slow motion : kittle stand , enraged , pull he gun ... poe pull he gun ... nena shove she hand in she overcoat pocket ... billy - Boy reach both hand cross-armed into he jacket ... kittle level he gun at Zimmermann . poe put he gun to kittle 's temple . billy - Boy point two gun at mickey just as mickey raise he gun and put it in billy - Boy 's face . nena bring she hand through pocket hole , shrugging she coat , point two saw - off shotgun on shoulder strap . several thug freeze , eye- to - eye with nena 's shotgun . end slo -mo . stalemate . waiter and patron freak , clear out , scream . the eye of the storm : kittle I could end a whole lotta suffer right now . poe and you friend ' life . Zimmermann calmly stare down kittle 's gun , bring a forkful of meat to he south and chew . kittle want to pull the trigger so badly , shaking , sweat drip down he face . but , kittle rein he anger in ... back off . kittle you poison 's not gonna make it into the vein of any kid this time . zimmermann Wave that flag , hero . keep dream that dream . kittle lead nena and billy - Boy out , past frighten employee . thug return to they seat . slow zoom in : as Zimmermann allow a edge of anger . zimmermann something need to be do about they , once and for all . CUT to : int . precinct house , MAIN lobby -- morning the precinct 's busy with cop and jabber weirdo in custody . kittle , nena and billy - Boy move through the board - over front door , crossing ... all around , other cop be give dirty look to we trio . near the duty desk , officer steve , a square - jaw uniform cop , nudge he intense , crew - cut partner , officer jim . this be blue-blooded , boot - polished , button - shine cop . Officer Steve point out kittle , nena and billy - Boy . officer jim ( with disdain ) whoop - de - do , there they go . strut in like they be better than we . officer steve they be a disgrace . officer jim it 's they kind of ... of ... overzealous antic that give cop a bad name . Officer Steve nod in full agreement . kittle , nena and billy - Boy near double door . a grumpy-look plain - clothes homicide cop be head the opposite direction , chomping on a peanut - butter and jelly sandwich . his eye light up when he spot billy - Boy . homicide cop ( mouth full , to billy ) hey , big man ... how 's the last of the red hot lover ? billy - Boy 's confuse . homicide cop 's jolly , like they be in on a private joke . Problem be , billy - Boy 's not in on it . homicide cop ( off billy - B 's confusion ) that girlie of yours ... she 's one - in- a-million , I will tell you . how you luck into that , I will never know . you must be one gift cocksman . billy - boy I do not ... what ... !?? but , homicide cop 's bead on , winking and click he tongue in lascivious appreciation . billy - Boy have not a clue , move to keep up with nena and kittle . int . precinct , vice bullpen -- morning a stereotypically busy room of overburdene bulletin board and file cabinet . as kittle , nena and billy - Boy enter , we whip pan : to middle - age capt . albert , who point angrily . captain albert my office ! now ! int . precinct , captain office -- morning Captain Albert slam the door , circle kittle , nena and billy - B as they sit . the gray district attorney ravich stand with arm cross , look out the window . d.a. ravich I turn on my t.v. , and I expect to see Los Angeles brim with jubilation . I expect child with paint face . Men and woman in bicentennial garb . multi-ethnic march band . pie eat contest . all good thing american . I turn on my t.v. , and what do I see instead ? ( turn to cop ) a corpse be scrape off Canyon Road after Lord know how many car run over the carcass . and in a related story , a high speed chase end when the suspect be throw from the highway to he death . kittle , nena and billy - Boy exchange look , a bit sheepish . d.a. ravich and , what ... what be I forget ? oh , yes ... the transvestite junkie whose bullet riddled body come blast through the front door of the precinct house ! kittle well , sir ... d.a. ravich no . do not open you mouth ! you honestly think you can explain this to my satisfaction ? kittle I ... I think I can ... clarify ... d.a. ravich do not bother . this behavior 's go on too long . you be suspend . kittle what ? captain albert you hear the man ... Captain Albert point at a clock . 12 noon . captain albert it 's noon straight up . effective immediately , you three work desk job till midnight . nena you can not be serious . captain albert can not I ? nena we have be chase this deal six month , and now you be gonna chuck it out the window ? slow zoom in : on kittle as he stand up . kittle hey now , look ! let 's all get on the same page here . this shipment be do or die for Zimmermann 's syndicate ; all or nothing . if we stop the drug , we do not even have to catch he red-hand . he 's ruin cause he pusher go break with nothing to sell . on the other hand , if we fuck this up , it mean more zomby crawl the gutter than ever and a morgue that do not have a single empty drawer . more old lady get mug and molest by junk -hungry needle - freak , and all the while Zimmermann 's sit back and laugh he head off . captain albert there will be other chance . kittle not like this . be you even listen ? d.a. ravich I will not allow you obsession to turn a day of pride and celebration into a day of wholesale slaughter . billy - boy ( rise ) May I say something ... ? captain albert no ! billy - Boy sit back down . kittle 's feed up . kittle do not you condescend to tell I how or why to honor Independence Day , and do not tell I I be overreact when I be try to bust the guy responsible for half the filthy junk come into this city ! d.a. ravich you be about a inch away from insubordination ! kittle well ... see how you just suspend I , what 's to stop I from call you a crazy bastard , you old fart ? d.a. ravich ( bottled fury ) till the last firework fizzle out tonight , detective , you sit a desk . and , after that , I will decide if you keep you shield . CUT to : int . precinct house , men' bathroom -- afternoon kittle , nena and billy - Boy storm in . cop at sink and urinal look up . kittle motion they out . nena go to sit on the window ledge , worried , while billy - Boy check stall . the other cop exit , irritate , kittle I say , fuck them . let 's go . billy - boy well ... we should not rush into this , right ? let 's talk about it . kittle what be you , Henry friggin ' kissinger all the sudden ? billy - boy I be just say ... kittle you be just say nothing ! tonight be the night . billy - boy yeah , but if we do not sit , they will take we badge . kittle what of it ? have not we wait forever ... ? ( turn to nena ) have not we , honey ? have not we wait long enough to get this scumbag ? nena look down . she 's have doubt . kittle what ... ? not you too ? nena he 's right . we hit the brick , we walk back triple - fuck . kittle I can not believe I be hearing this , nena I work my ass off for my badge , kittle , it 's the only thing that make I different from every other slob out there . kittle that 's not true . nena I know it be , even if you do not . billy - boy all I get be be a cop . what do I do if I be not that ? kittle you big , fat sonofabitch , if it be not for I , you would still be sit in the file room where I find you . ( to nena ) and you ... nena ... you have still get needle scar from where I pull you out of . you of all people ... nena yeah , my arm heal up real good , and that 's how I wanna keep them . that 's what I be try to tell you . kittle guy ... all we have get be each other . do not we know that by now ? nena stew . billy - Boy sweat , stare at the floor . kittle Christ ... ( hurt pause ) alright ... alright , I be take off . I will expect you to catch up . he walk . the door swing close . nena 's miserable . nena ( under she breath ) damn he . CUT to : int . precinct , parking garage -- afternoon in the torino , kittle get in . he key the engine , pause , grip the wheel , contemplate . it 's something we have not see cross kittle 's face till now : uncertainty . worry . kittle face front and shake off doubt , cursing himself . he put the car in gear and peel out . CUT to : ext . hollywood street -- afternoon the torino va-rooom past ... in the torino kittle brood , turn the radio on . " muskrat Love " by Captain and tennille . he change channel , irritate : " convoy . " " the streak . " " welcome back " by John sebastian . kittle ( disgust ) come on , come on ... ! " the hustle . " " run , joey , run " by David gedd . " kung fu Fighting . " he turn the radio off , sicken . ext . hollywood boulevard , xxx - theater -- afternoon the torino park . in the torino kittle get a bottle of baby powder from the glove compartment . he take a section of newspaper . on hollywood boulevard kittle walk briskly . every flea-ridden business along the way 's drum up business by exhibit patriotism . kittle stop , hesitate ... backtrack ... at the xxx - theater , he examine a poster for " deep ass , " which show a half - naked , " deep ass " ingenue in blue eye shadow , pig-tail and moist lipstick . flashback -- that morning -- hamburger stand billy - Boy sit eat a burger , stare lovey - eye at he school -marm girlfriend . the girlfriend 's familiar now ... back to scene at xxx - theater the " school - marm " be the porn star on the poster . kittle realize , sadden . he kick -- shatter the window . the theater owner rush out . theater owner hey , you fuck creep . kittle shove he badge in the owner face . the owner back off . kittle take the " deep ass " poster ... he fold it and pocket it as he continue . CUT to : int . DISCO cabaret -- atternoon seedy . DISCO music throbs . kittle pass through the turnstile . by the erratic light of a glitter ball , three topless , body - paint woman , red go - go dancer , white go - go dancer and blue go - go dancer , grind to disco rhythm . kittle move , wading through drunken vermin . a few business men dance woozily in the aisle . at the bar , pinkeye , a sizable lunatic - thug wear a knitted macrame tie and brown corduroy leisure suit , watch kittle cross . pinkeye downs he scotch . kittle move against one curtain wall , admire the nearest go - go dancer . he slip behind the curtain ... int . DISCO cabaret , hallway - afternoon kittle move quickly down this hall . int . DISCO cabaret , stairwell -- afternoon kittle climb a long staircase . he take out the bottle of baby powder , sprinkle powder on the top landing . he unfold he newspaper and place it flat over the powder . int . DISCO cabaret , office -- afternoon meet pop - sweet , black super - pimp in lime - green fuzzy jump -suit and feathered fedora . he 's on the couch , on the phone , caress the hooker beside he . pop - sweet ( into phone ) get this straight , you jive - ass cocksucker . do a number on I and you be between a rock and a hard place . dig it , clown ? pop - sweet hang up , grumble as he cross the room . pop - sweet sucker think he can play I for a fool . I be a entrepreneur . hooker you sure be , sugar . pop -sweet shut up , bitch . do not be Ed mcmahon I every time I open my mouth . pop - sweet sit at he desk . two prostitute wait there . one buff he nail . the other give a backrub . the door fly open . it 's kittle , move forward ... pop -sweet ah , shit ... pop - sweet reach in a desk drawer ... kittle come to slam the drawer on pop - sweet 's hand . pop -sweet ooooow !... alright , man , ease off ... kittle let pop -sweet 's hand free , remove the drawer and retrieve a pearl - handle gun , which he admire . kittle you always do have style . pop - sweet ( rub he wrist ) it 's one of a kind . kittle so be you , pop -sweet . that 's why ... a scream of rage be heard . kittle wheel ... the hooker 's charge , swinging a straight razor ... kittle lift the drawer to block , then punch ... the hooker hit shelf of vase , which crash down on she , pop - sweet fuck , kittle ... why you get to go doin ' that ?! pop - sweet go to the unconscious hooker , roll she away in favor of break pottery , which he finger forlornly . pop -sweet ( of the vase ) this shit be ming . kittle that 's the problem with expensive taste ... the more you get , the more you get to lose . kittle sit . pop - sweet rise , study kittle . pop - sweet where 's you pet gorilla and the female uncle Tom ? kittle ( slightly off guard ) they're ... around . pop - sweet yeah ? so , what do you want to ask today that I can not answer ? I be a busy man . kittle the way Zimmermann take such good care of you and this drug-peddle " escort service " of yours , I figure you get the scoop on the pharmaceutical arrive tonight . pop -sweet ( deep sigh , nod ) well , let I tell you how it be ... pop - sweet bolt , out the door , kittle stand , in no hurry . int . DISCO cabaret , stairwell -- afternoon pop - sweet run down the hall , head for stair . he hit the newspaper and baby powder , slip , fly ... tumble painfully down the stairwell ... Hit bottom and lay there , scream . pop -sweet ... son of a bitch ... break my fuck arm ... kittle stroll to catch up , start downstairs . pop -sweet I be gonna cut off you flippin ' head and use it for a candy dish ... kittle step on pop-sweet 's cbest , lean in close . kittle talk like that , I might forget to call a ambulance . now , tell I again , how 's the dope arrive ? a creak be heard behind . kittle ( realize ) fuck ... just as kittle turn , he 's grab from behind and throw ... he hit a wall and land in a heap , stunne . pinkeye you be the one gonna be need a ambulance , white boy ... pinkeye 's upon kittle , stripping he of he gun . another brute , lord caviar , in a open-to- the-belly silk shirt and with jewele ring on every finger , help pop - sweet up . kittle try to get up . pinkeye punch he down . pop - sweet ( to pinkeye ) outside . CUT to : int . DISCO cabaret -- intercut ... Red go - go dancer shake she bootie to the DISCO beat . ext . alleyway -- intercut a metal door swing open as kittle 's throw out into a pile of garbage . pinkeye , Lord caviar and pop -sweet follow ... slo - mo : pinkeye punch kittle again . slo - mo : Lord caviar come to pistol whip kittle 's head . int . DISCO cabaret -- intercut White go- go dancer move she hand across she body , sexy . ext . alleyway -- intercut slo - mo : kittle 's bleed bad , try to rise , get kicked . slo - mo : pop - sweet , clutching he arm , watch with glee . int . DISCO cabaret -- intercut Blue go - go dancer 's breast sway as she dance . she smile . ext . alleyway -- intercut slo - mo : kittle 's throw , clatter through trash can . slo - mo : Lord caviar kick kittle 's rib . slo - mo : kittle lift he head , bloody , look ... down the alley : nena and billy - Boy run this way ! for a moment , kittle smile crooked . he 's save . kittle ( weakly ) ... nena ... billy ... pop - sweet look down the same alley ... it 's empty . nena and billy - Boy be kittle 's delusion . pop -sweet who you talkin ' too , kittle ? pop - sweet whacks kittle with a backhand slap . pop -sweet they be not there , turkey . you be all by you lonesome ! aerial shot ( from adjacent rooftop ) : look down as the beat continue . pop - sweet laughter be heard poorly dubbed over and out of sync . CUT to : int . precinct , vice bullpen -- afternoon nena 's miserable , wear big headphone plugge into a " portable " cassette recorder , pull file , toss they ... into the box on billy - Boy 's lap . he smoke , stare off , deeply depressed . Captain Albert arrive to slap he head . captain albert stop day - dream , lard ass . where 's kittle ? nena take off she headset . nena he go to pick up lunch . captain albert well , shake a leg . get this file downstairs ... ( to nena ) and , quit listen to you fuck voodoo music . nena ( sarcastic , salute ) yes , sir . as the captain move on , nena make she salute into the finger . she and billy - Boy share a long look of mutual frustration , then billy - Boy shuffles away . nena put headphone back on , eject a tape from she recorder and replace it with another . int . precinct , captain office -- intercut ... Captain Albert sit . phone ring . captain albert ( into phone ) yeah , what be it ? zimmermann ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) be you telephone etiquette always so sloppy ? Captain Albert tense , go to shut he door . captain albert ( nervous , into phone ) why the hell be you call I here ? ext . zimmermann's mansion -- establishing -- intercut Beyond a gate top by a ornate " Z , " a pseudo-modern , stucco- nightmare palace sit in h'wood hill . zimmermann ( v.o. ) calmly , captain . if it be not important , I would not disturb the fine work you do ... int . zimmermann's mansion , great room -- intercut Party preparation . Men chisel a bald eagle ice sculpture . thug lounge on ethan Allen furnishings . Zimmermann stand with the phone hold to he ear by he english butler . zimmermann ( into phone ) you child play with they gun in front of I again today . this upset I . captain albert ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) they have be suspend . Hell , the do - gooder district attorney come and do it himself . thinks he 's be a patriot . zimmermann suspend that three be about as useful as give a speed ticket to evil knievel . captain albert ( v.o. ) I be keep a eye on they . zimmermann no . I have have my fill . I want they take out of the game . ( wait ) hello ?! still on the line ? captain albert ( v.o. ) yeah ... I hear ... int . precinct , captain office -- intercut Captain Albert wipe he sweaty brow . captain albert ( into phone ) what you be ask ... go against every code of honor ... zimmermann ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) be not it a bit late to regret lose innocence ? we do not want any indiscreet photograph end up in the hand of you wife , do we ? Captain Albert agonize , redden , trap . captain albert ( pause , into phone ) I can ... make certain arrangement . but , it will cost extra . int . zimmermann's mansion , great room -- intercut zimmermann ( into phone ) name you price . captain albert ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) I want that picture . the negative ... everything . zimmermann pluck this thorn from my paw , and you will have they , with my gratitude . captain albert ( v.o. ) ( bitterly ) just the picture will be fine , you dirty bastard . Zimmermann exit , motion for the butler to hang up . behind , workmen on ladder unfurl a gigantic american flag from ceiling to floor . breathtake . int , zimmermann's mansion , foyer -- afternoon a meek music instructor , vinchenzo , wait with sheet music under he arm , study a painting . Zimmermann stride in , he mood brighten , zimmermann vinchenzo ... forgive I for let business trifle distract my attention . on to more important pursuit , eh ? come , come ... I have a surprise ... Zimmermann usher the always nervous vinchenzo forward . CUT to : int . zimmermann's mansion , music room -- afternoon Zimmermann 's hand open a medium -size wooden pack crate . zimmermann it arrive today . you will not believe it , even when you see ... they're in a room that 's like a bad family - theme - restaurant version of a 18th century european music parlor . gaudy . Big harp in a corner . Zimmermann dig through shred paper in the crate , remove a old violin case . vinchenzo be take aback as Zimmermann open the case , and gently take out a beautiful violin . zimmermann ( with reverence ) stradivarius . antonius stradivarius of Cremona , post seventeen hundred . one of perhaps five hundred and forty . absolutely priceless . ( study it ) I be bear in Newark , New Jersey , vinchenzo , as far away from this moment as I think you could ever get . my family live each day in poverty . I be not expect to make anything of myself . failure be a give . vinchenzo May I ... Zimmermann let vinchenzo hold the violin , zimmermann this hand ... ( hold he hand up ) this be the hand of a grocery clerk ... of a janitor , and then a number runner who fight and claw and battle , by hook or by crook , to get he piece of the american dream . this hand be not destine to caress a stradivarius , and yet ... ( take violin back ) the impossible . Zimmermann pick up he bow off a music stand . vinchenzo take this as he cue , move obediently to place music on the stand in front of Zimmermann . with a flourish , Zimmermann put the stradivarius under he chin , tilt he head , put the how to the violin string . a pause , and then ... Zlmmermann proceed to play horribly . screechy and uneven . he try to follow the sheet music , but a child could do better . vinchenzo attempt to guide by motion with he hand and body language , cring a bit , try to encourage . Zimmermann 's frustrated , but keep play , vomitously bad , bite he tongue in concentration . CUT to : int . precinct , captain bathroom -- afternoon in he small , office bathroom , Captain Albert splashes he face with water . he stare in the mirror , pale and fearful . int . precinct , captain office -- intercut Captain Albert return to he office from the adjoin bathroom . he go to a cabinet . he unlock a drawer and take out a paper bag hide far back . CUT to : int . precinct , file storeroom -- afternoon billy - Boy topple box of file . he bend to pick up the mess . nena enter , eyeing billy - Boy 's ass . she kick it . billy - boy what the ... ?! what be that for ? nena ( walk out ) follow I . billy - boy ( follow , rub ass ) how come everyone think hit I 's the best way to get my attention ? ext . precinct , underground garage -- afternoon nena move through , look around . billy - Boy trail . billy - boy where we go ? nena we have to find kittle . nena duck behind a squad car . she get in and yank wire under the dash , hot wiring . billy - boy okay . but , what change we mind ? nena ( sparking wire ) just keep a eye out till I get this rig up and run . billy - Boy rise to keep watch . his eye narrow ... billy - boy wait a minute ... he 's back ... across the garage , kittle 's torino be move through . billy - Boy and nena move to follow . the torino park ... the door open ... kittle get out , beat bloody , barely support himself . nena kittle ... ! kittle collapse to the ground . billy - Boy and nena run to he . int . precinct , stairwell -- afternoon the stairwell door slam open and billy - Boy charge upstairs with kittle semi-conscious in he arm . nena follow . above , Captain Albert come to watch , keep hide till they be go , then he start downstairs . int . precinct , bathroom -- afternoon kittle 's lie on the floor in nena 's lap , swollen - face and bruise . nena use a needle to sew inside he mouth . kittle it 's nohody 's fault but mine . I get blindside . billy - Boy 's pace , frustrated , sad , infuriate . billy - boy we shoulda be there to back you up . we shoulda ! kittle stop blame yourself . nena make a stitch . kittle 's lip be pull by the thread . nena you need a doctor . kittle nothing 's break . keep sewing . ( drink from flask ) and quit pace , you big ox . you be make I skittish . billy - Boy smashes a mirror with he fist . billy - boy I will kill them ... look to vent , he grip a sink , jerk it furiously , start to pull it from the wall , water spurting ... billy - boy let 's go ! fuck everything ! God damn son of bitching mother humper ... I be gonna rip'em all brand new asshole ... ! nena hey ... hey ! cool down , jumbo ! billy - Boy snap out of it , look to nena . nena we be go out . but , here 's the situation , and here 's how it 's gonna go down ... CUT to : int . precinct , evidence lock - up -- afternoon a cop at the evidence cage window sigus papers for the guard inside . the cop finish , say goodbye . kittle arrive . lock - up guard kittle , what the hell ? you look like shit ... kittle point he gun at the guard . lock - up guard fuck , man ... I be only kid ... ! kittle unlock the door . lock - up guard I ... I can not do that ... kittle now ! unless you want you head to make a whistling sound on windy day . the guard nod , move back . he open a door , billy - Boy and nena enter with duffel bag , gun up . CUT to : int . precinct , underground garage -- afternoon uniform cop pass . Captain Albert rise from behind a patrol car , sneaking ... at the torino , he take out the paper bag , unwrap a small , plastic - explosive car bomb and hand - hold detonator . under the torino , Captain Albert crawl to the gas tank . he attaches the car bomb with a magnetic thunk . he unfold the detonator antenna , flick a switch . a GREEN light light up . a GREEN light also light up on the bomb . CUT to : int . precinct , evidence lock - up -- afternoon billy - Boy 's just finish wrapping the guard in duct tape . billy - boy sorry about this . kittle and nena , at tall shelf full of confiscate weapon , load gun and ammo into duffel bag . nena any preference ? kittle whatever go bang . they keep stuff bag . billy - Boy arrive to help , nervous , fill a suitcase with shotgun and shell . billy - boy I can not believe we be steal . nena we be not steal . we be borrow . billy - boy no , we be steal . nena this be the police lock -up . we be police . how can we steal from ourselves ? billy - boy then , why would we tie he up ? kittle we be steal , okay ! quit yackin ' and do it faster . kittle flip open a box . his eye brighten with excitement . kittle ay dios mio ... it 's a box of dynamite . kittle caress it . CUT to : int . precinct , underground garage -- afternoon weapon be pile into the torino 's trunk . the trunk be slam shut . kittle , nena and billy - Boy look to make sure no one 's take undue notice . kittle so far so good . we be past the point of no return . kittle look for support , hold out he hand . nena grip he hand ... billy - Boy join in ; like teammate clasp hand in a football huddle , gather courage . kittle let 's get this thing do . nena all for one ... billy - boy ... and fuck them all . CUT to : int . precinct , captain office -- afternoon Captain Albert stand look out the window , nervous . kittle ( o.s . ) must be you lucky day , cap and ... the captain turn . kittle enter with a shoebox . kittle I be gonna put a great big , ear- to- fuck - ear smile on you face . how ' bout that ? captain albert where have you be ? kittle I be here . that 's all that count . watch ... you will enjoy this ... it 's like magic ... kittle put the box on the desk , take the lid off , take three badge from he pocket ... put they in . take out he revolver , drop it in , follow by two more gun . kittle it 's we gift to you . something you have always want ... kittle put the lid on , adorn it with a tatter gift bow . kittle we resignation . captain albert you go rogue on I ? kittle maybe . captain albert what happen , kittle ? we use to be friend . you use to know how the game be play . kittle you mean take bribe , and skim bust and let hood walk ? you mean not be able to sleep at night after shaking down some honest Joe ? captain albert there be a time when you do thing the right way , till you hook up with that fat-ass - boozehound and the soul-sister . kittle just shrug ... walk . but , he stop in the doorway . kittle oh , there 's one more thing ... ( walk back ) now , where do I put that ... ? ( search pocket ) uh ... oh , here it be ... kittle take he fist from he pocket and hold it up , admire it a moment , smile , then sucker punching ... the captain 's knock to the floor , nose bloody . kittle screw you . int . precinct , vice bullpen -- afternoon kittle cross to leave . Captain Albert come to shout . captain albert you be wash up , kittle ! you be all do ! cop stare . Captain Albert try to control he temper . int . precinct , captain office -- afternoon Captain Albert close and lock the door . he go to the window , take out the detonator . he flick the switch . GREEN bulb on the detonator light . int . precinct , underground garage -- afternoon kittle join nena and billy - Boy in the torino . peel out ... ext . precinct house -- afternoon the torino burst into sunlight , hit pavement ... int . precinct , captain office -- afternoon Captain Albert look to the street three storey below , grip the detonator , angry breath fogging the window . thru the window : the torino 's move away . Captain Albert hold up the detonator . his thumb caress the button . captain albert good riddance . his thumb tense . thru the window : the torino spin , turn ... ext . precinct house -- afternoon the torino u-turn , come to a halt face the precinct . int . precinct , captain office -- afternoon Captain Albert lower the detonator , watch , curious . thru the window : nena can be see get out , carry something to a phone booth close by . she dial the phone . phone ring o.s. Captain Albert look to the phone on he desk , he answer it , bring it to the window . captain albert ( into phone ) what ... ? nena ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) how you do up there in you ivory tower , Captain ? ext . precinct house -- afternoon in the phone booth , nena wave up to the captain 's window , kittle and billy - Boy be look up from in the car . nena ( into phone ) I be gonna let you in on a secret . see , that be not my " voodoo music " I be listen to before . nena lift she tape recorder , hit play . captain voice ( v.o. ) ( from recorder ) ... be you call I here ? zimmermann ( v.o. ) ( from recorder ) calmly Captain . if it be not important .. int . precinct , captain office -- afternoon Captain Albert 's face go slack . zimmermann's voice ( v.o. ) ( from over phone ) ... I would not disturb the fine work you do . you child play with they gun in front of I ... Captain Albert unscrew he mouthpiece ... something fall ... roll on the floor , stop : a micro-transmitter . Captain Albert tremble , hold up the detonator ... captain albert ( into phone ) burn in hell , whore ! he push the button ... thru the window : nothing happen to the torino . a quiet beeping be heard 0.s.... beep ... beep ... a moment of confusion for Captain Albert , then he turn ... the beeping come from the shoebox kittle leave on the desk . Stark terror . Captain Albert leap to grab the box ... he tear off the lid . the bomb be there , under gun and badge . he grab it , throw it ... the bomb spin , head for the window ... a brief look of relief on Captain Albert 's face ... as the bomb hit the window ... but , bounce off ... Falls to the floor . Captain Albert 's expression return to terror . ext . precinct house -- afternoon from nena , kittle and billy - Boy 's vantage point : the explosion blows out the captain 's window ! cop look up , alarmed , shouting and point . they run as shard of glass fall to the sidewalk . nena return to the torino . kittle revs and speed away . CUT to : int . DISCO cabaret -- afternoon DISCO music . mock sex on stage . pop - sweet , arm in a cast , be behind the bar with pinkeye , count cash . pop - sweet enter cash figure in a large , bound accountant's ledger book full of column of handwritten number . at the club entrance , Lord caviar 's play bouncer . kittle enter , breeze past with a shotgun . Lord caviar do a double take , can not believe it , follow ... behind , billy - Boy and nena enter , follow Lord caviar ... Lord caviar reach in he jacket for he gun , close in on kittie . billy - Boy swing a golf club -- thwacks Lord caviar in the back of the head . Lord caviar fall face first to the floor . kittle do not even look back , cock he shotgun , aim ... - in the booth , the d.j. jump for cover as buckshot shatter glass and record album . feedback screech . behind the bar , pop -sweet and pinkeye react . billy - Boy and nena head for the bar , pass kittle as kittle retarget he shotgun upwards and fire ... the disco glitter ball explode ! customer , waitress and stripper scatter . pop - sweet and pinkeye take out weapon ... billy - Boy hold he golf club by its shaft between he tooth , leveling two handgun , and nena 's already firing ... bullet hit the bar , busting bottle and mirror . pop - sweet and pinkeye be force to duck down . billy - Boy and nena keep blasting , still move forward . kittle drop he shotgun , produce two revolver and move to the bar , add to the gunfire barrage -- blam , blam , blam -- between nena and billy - Boy , who stop to reload , behind the bar , pop - sweet and pinkeye go fetal , cover in break glass and debris . kittle stop fire . nena and billy - Boy come to flank he , point reload weapon . nena alright , flesh - peddler , let 's see empty hand ! kittle out here . on you knee . hand rise , then pop -sweet and pinkeye show they face . they move from behind the bar , seethe . pop -sweet you can not do this to I ! who the fuck do you think you be !? kittle take the driver from billy - Boy 's tooth , swing it . kittle who be I , you say ? ( hefting club , move forward ) I be one angry , angry man ... lord caviar ( o.s. ) freeze , piggy ! behind , Lord caviar point a gun , clutching he bloody head . billy - boy I know I shoulda use a 9 - iron . lord caviar lose the gun or I will smoke you ! we heroes drop they many weapon , raise they hand . pop - sweet look like you get it all backassward again , kittle ... pinkeye move towards the cop . Lord caviar edge in from the other side . no way out for we heroes . nena move she fingertip along she coat sleeve seam ... ready a six-pointed sherikan ( Oriental throw star ) . nena glance to billy - Boy ... billy - Boy glance to kittle ... kittle glance to nena ... at the bar , pop - sweet lift a break , jag bottle ... pop -sweet you think you get hurt last time ... you be not see nothing yet . pinkeye bend to retrieve a gun off the floor . kittle spin , smashes he foot down on pinkeye 's hand ! nena spin , throw the sharp - edge star at Lord caviar ... the throw star slice Lord caviar 's face . he recoil , cry out and misfire he gum . kittle kick pinkeye in the head , then turn ... kittle billy ... ! kittle kick the golf club off the floor ... the golf club spin in the air ... billy - Boy catch the club , swing without miss a beat , .. Lord caviar 's recover and aim he gun just as billy - Boy swing the club -- knock the gun across the room . pop - sweet no !! pop - sweet move forward with the bottle , but nena step up , poise kung - fu ready . pop - sweet hesitates , circle . across the room , Lord caviar rush forward and tackle billy - Boy , toppling table . they battle . pinkeye 's rise , but kittle punch . pop - sweet stab the jag bottle at nena . nena high -kick , disarming pop -sweet , then spin flawlessly ... kick pop - sweet 's chin , send he backwards . billy - Boy kick Lord caviar off ... Lord caviar get up , charge headlong at billy - Boy . billy - Boy raise he club , side-stepping ... billy - boy fore ! billy - B swing -- clunk -- send Lord caviar onward ... Lord caviar crash head - first into a cigarette machine . pop - sweet scramble up , throw a chair at nena , which she dodge . pop - sweet flee ... kittle knee pinkeye 's head ... see pop - sweet run . nena go! I will finish this . kittle run after pop -sweet . ext . DISCO cabaret , alleyway -- afternoon pop - sweet burst out a side door , head for daylight . kittle pursue , sprinting . billy - B follow . int . DISCO cabaret -- afternoon nena watch pinkeye and Lord caviar get up . she prep , foot apart , do martial art warm - up as they approach . lord caviar be you that good , sister ? think you can handle we both ? Lord caviar grin , move in . pinkeye attack ... nena block , punch , chop , spin and slap , then finish with a groin kick . pinkeye hit the dirt . Lord caviar strike . nena flip he ... boom -- Lord caviar land flat , lay there gasp . nena they do not call it a black belt for nothing . at the bar , nena come to claim the money ledger , tilting it to clear off the shattered glass it 's bury under . CUT to : ext . downtown hollywood -- afternoon busy sidewalk . pop - sweet run , fearful . kittle chase . billy - Boy bring up the rear . pop -sweet push pedestrian ... pop -sweet outta the way ! move ! around a corner pop - sweet arrive , full speed , look back ... slam a " map to star home " sign and trash can , upsetting they and knock a map-hawk kid out of he lawn chair ... pop - sweet roll in star-maps and garbage . get up ... keeps run . kittle leap the trash can . a moment , then billy - Boy arrive , leap ... trip over the trash can , fall hard . scramble up . ahead , pop - sweet shove a old woman to the ground . people gather to help the Old woman up . she 's thanking they as kittle come barrel through ... knock she down again . at a intersection pop - sweet run across , catty -corner . Cars swerve and brake , crashing all around , .. pop - sweet get hit , roll across a car 's hood ... crack the windshield and roll off ... pop - sweet recover , daze , stumbling to sidewalk ... kittle 's bear down , make a diving tackle ... int . antique shop -- afternoon kittle and pop-sweet smash through the front window . the shop owner and a wealthy lady react , terrify . shop owner oh my Lord , no !! kittle and pop -sweet wrestle , punch and grapple , surround on all side by antiquity and shelf load with precious knick - knack . shop owner no , no , no ! stop this ! pop - sweet swing he arm cast -- knock kittle back ... kittle land against shelf ... fragile item teeter on the brink , miraculously not fall . pop - sweet run up a nearby staircase . kittle leap to follow . the shop owner go to steady the shelf . behind , thru the broken window : we can see billy - Boy rumbling this direction . shop owner ( sigh of relief ) thank God . the shop owner take a step back . billy - Boy jump through the break window ... billy - boy make way ! bump the shop owner , head for stair ... the shop owner 's knock forward , slamming shelf . dish and trinket shatter . shelves collapse like domino . CUT to : ext h ' wood rooftop -- footchase continue aerial long shot ( via adjacent rooftop ) : pop - sweet flee out a rooftop door . kittle follow . they jump from roof to roof . billy - Boy arrive , far behind , really drag . on rooftop pop - sweet leap from a higher ledge , run to a open door . above , kittle arrive , see pop - sweet go through that door . int . stairwell -- footchase continue pop - sweet hurry downstairs , into a hall . int . movie theater -- footchase continue pop - sweet come through a door at the back of the theater , gasp , squinting in the dark . the theater 's pretty crowded . on the screen , Linda Blair curse and vomit im " the exorcist . " pop - sweet head down the center aisle , look back ... kittle enter from the same door . he spot pop -sweet . kittle chase . pop - sweet pick up the pace , yell ... pop - sweet Fire ! Fire !! pop - sweet run to a exit as panic begin . people scream and pour into the aisle . kittle curse ... kittle ( incense , to himself ) - Fucking first amendment violation ... kittle 's catch in the rush of patron , like try to swim upstream . it 's useless . ext . theater , rear -- footchase continue pop - sweet push out the exit , follow by theater - goer . he run down a alleyway . ext . theater , front -- footchase continue kittle 's in the mob exite below the marquee . he push through , head down the block . billy - Boy come out ... follow kittle . ext . alleyway -- footchase continue pop - sweet enter this desert alley , exhaust . he look around , have a idea ... climb into a trash dumpster , close the lid . after a moment , kittle arrive , run past ... billy - Boy arrive , watch kittle disappear around the next corner . billy - Boy follow , red face ... stop , double -over , breathless . give up , billy - Boy go to sit on the ground , beside the dumpster , take out he cigarettes . a moment , then , mere inch above billy - Boy 's head , one dumpster lid raise and pop - sweet peer out . pop - sweet look around , with billy - Boy just below he sight line , satisfied the coast be clear . pop - sweet throw the lid open and start to climb out . billy - Boy look up ... pop - sweet look down -- they both cry out in surprise . billy - Boy jump , grab , but pop - sweet clamor atop another dumpster , look up ... there 's a long ladder up the side of the building . it 's within reach . pop - sweet start climb . billy - boy kittle ! billy - Boy awkwardly climb the dumpster . ext . parking lot -- footchase continue kittle run out from the alley , search . billy - boy ( o.s. ) ( distant ) kittle ! kittle hear , backtrack , run ... ext . alleyway -- footchase continue kittle arrive , confuse ... look up ... pop - sweet 's high on the ladder , hamper by he break arm . billy - Boy climb after . four storey up . kittle ah , jeez , billy ... careful ! billy - boy I get he . billy - Boy grab at pop -sweet 's ankle . pop - sweet kick . kittle do not you let he fall ! you hear I ? billy - Boy grab pop - sweet again , hang on to he pants leg . pop - sweet hook he cast around a rung , swinging with he good hand , beat on billy . pop - sweet 's cast arm slip ... kittle do not drop he ! we need he ... pop - sweet fall ... scream ... kittle watch he drop . the sickening thud be heard o.s. kittle ... alive . kittle let out a sigh , look admonishingly up at billy - Boy . billy - Boy look down , ashamed , embarrassed , at a loss . CUT to : ext . zimmermann's mansion , rear portico -- afternoon facing a vast view of the cityscape , Zimmermann 's alone , continue to play he stradivarius violin . he 's as awful as before , but the difference be he patience be less . his level of frustration have bring he near tear as he try over and over to play a section of music that just refuse to come out anything other than jarring squeak . finally , Zimmermann grip the stradivarius by the neck and smashes it against the porch wall , again and again , till all that 's leave of it be very expensive toothpick . Zimmermann catch he breath , in a terrible state , regret . expecting to feel better , he feel much worse . ball ( o.s. ) Excuse I ... mister Zinmermann ... Zimmermann wheel to see ball and poe arrive . zimmermann what be it ? ball walk over , begin whisper in Zimmermann 's ear . ball finish , step back . Zimmermann ponder , then cross on he way back into the mansion . zimmermann kill they , poe . find they , and make they very dead . poe nod . CUT to : int . precinct , captain office -- afternoon d.a. ravich study the captain 's bomb out office , grim . he turn to the doorway , address policemen assemble in the vice squad bullpen . d.a. ravich arrest they . brimg they to I . bring they to justice ! CUT to : int . " house of pie " restaurant -- afternoon Officer Steve pay for coffee near a pie display read " happy pie-centenial ! " he whistle at a pass woman in a mini-skirt . a blast of siren be heard . he look . outside , Officer Jim 's in the squad car , motion for Officer Steve to pull out . ext . " house of pie " restaurant -- afternoon Officer Steve climb in the car beside Officer Jim . officer jim a.p.b. come over the radio . they just declare open season on the Three stooge . officer steve ( grin ) what be we wait for ? the squad car take off . CUT to : ext . h'wood side STREET -- afternoon nena sit atop the torino , read pop -sweet 's ledger book , wait . kittle and billy - Boy be on they way from down the block , wear -out . nena you get he ? kittle Dead . nena chalk up another victory for billy - Boy 's one man war on crime . billy - boy who say it wa 's I , hub ? anyway ... he fall off a ladder . it be not really my fault . nena well , I get something .. ( hold open ledger ) pop -sweet 's accounting ledger for the disco-strip . all the money transaction . look ... ( show ledger to kittle ) someone 's put they initial beside the weekly total . like they be acknowledge a deposit . kittle ( read ) " a.d . " billy - boy who 's that ? Zimmermann 's money - man ? nena if it be , that 's pretty high up on the totem pole . what do you think ? kittle gimmie a minute . kittle lean against the torino , brood , hand in pocket . he look down , touch the fold poster , remember ... flashback -- xxx - theater -- that afternoon the " deep ass " poster feature billy - B 's girlfriend . back to scene on STREET kittle push the poster back in he pocket , troubled . kittle alright ... how about you two hit the strip and start knock some head together ? find out who " a.d. " be . I get a quick errand to run . nena sound good . nena slide down off the car while kittle get in . billy - boy ( to kittle ) where you gonna be ? kittle it 's personal . ( start the car ) we will hook up at billy - Boy 's pad in a hour . see ya then . kittle drive away . billy - Boy and nena start down the street . freeze frame ... still photo / split -screen montage begin , accompany by a soulful theme song as the screen divide into four section and still photograph appear in each : kittle drive the torino , look nena and billy - Boy at he watch . flatfoot it down sunset boulevard . the parade of the tall ship nena and billy - Boy in New York Harbor . question a wild - eye junkie . prez Ford give billy - Boy ask a speech on the step question of a of Independence Hall glam -rock singer . in Philadelphia . the glam-rock singer billy - Boy slap seem to be give the glam-rock singer billy - Boy a argument . senseless . nena and billy - Boy shriner in fez hat talk to a strung - out drive miniature car junkie whose entire in a bicentennial torso be cover in parade . tattoo . nena and billy - Boy nena and billy - Boy question hooker , question a leather - clad , show the ledger . s+m macho- man stud . nena hold a gas Old man pose station attendant wear Colonial in a choke hold costume . while billy - Boy question he angrily . kittie park the a poodle wear a torino in front of a R , w+b sweater and run-down apartment little booty . complex . kittle get out of billy - Boy and nena the torino . continue down sunset , argue . billy - Boy and nena question another billy - Boy throttles junkie who wear a the antenna-wearing top-hat with antennas junkie . come out the top . billy - Boy knock on a busy highway , the antenna-wearing a huge parade float junkie down and bust of abe lincoln 's kick he head be tow by a repeatedly . r, w+ B pick - up truck . kittle stand ' in front of the apartment complex ... still - photo / split screen montage end as ... this last photo of kittle enlarges to full screen ... ext . apartment complex -- afternoon kittle stand in front of the apartment complex , let out a resign sigh . he go inside . int . " school marm be " apartment -- afternoon kittle flatten the " deep ass " poster on a table . billy - Boy 's " school - marm " look on , sad . the apartment 's horrid . " Love american style " play on t.v . " school -marm " I ... I can explain ... kittle I be look at this poster , and I be thinkin ' , I do not remember see film like this when I be in school . " school -marm " I be go to tell he . kittle what be you gonna say ? exactly how do you think he be gonna make the leap from dating a sweet , innocent school teacher to a ass-fuck porn star ? " school -marm " ( start to cry ) but ... I love he . I do ... billy - B 's girlfriend bury she face in she hand , weepy , kittle start look around for something . kittle all I know be , you be set up my pal for the world 's biggest break heart . kittle find a pad of paper . " school -marm " let I tell he . let he decide . kittle you be not gonna see he again . " school -marm " what ... what make you think you can order I around ?! kittle maybe I be not make myself clear . you be probably the first girl billy - Boy 's ever fall in love with , and I know for sure you be the first he 's sleep with . so , how 's he gonna feel ... ( hold up poster ) ... when he find out that the only first he be for you be the first guy who do not have to pull out at the last second to get he close - up ? the " school - marm " wipe tear , miserable . kittle have not he get enough problem , or do not you notice that 's not cream soda on he breath ? " school -marm " ... okay ... you make you point . kittle lay the pad of paper on the table , place a ball - point pen on the pad , pull out a chair ... kittle sit . CUT to : ext . billy - boy' house -- afternoon the torino pull up the drive of billy - Boy 's tiny house . down the STREET , in a park cadillac , Zimmermann 's henchman mickey take notice . he lift the microphone of a cb radio . behind the house , kittle park . int . billy - boy' house , kitchen -- afternoon kittle jimmy the back door and enter . he look around , open a drawer ... dig up a garbage bag . in the bedroom , kittle go to sort through the closet . he pull dress and skirt , stuff they in the garbage bag . he remove a bra from the back of a chair . in the bathroom , kittle open the medicine cabinet , find lipstick , make - up and tampon . put they in the bag . ext . billy - boy' house , rear -- afternoon kittle come out the back . at trash can , he shove the garbage bag deep , bury it . int . billy - boy' house , live room -- afternoon kittle return to place a envelope on a coffee table . voice be heard outside ... a key in the lock . kittle hurry out just as nena and billy - Boy enter . ext . billy - boy' house , rear -- afternoon kittle slip out the back . follow as he move along the side of the house , keep low , to the front . down the street , in the cadillac , mickey watch , confuse . int . billy - boy' house , live room -- afternoon billy - Boy go to refill he flask near shelf which hold a pittsburgh steeler shrine : Super bowl ix pennant , autograph Terry bradshaw photo and other memorabilia . billy - Boy cross himself at the shrine , make sure nena do not notice . nena 's look around . nena you live like a pig . billy - boy can not you say something nice once ? nena okay . it do not smell as bad in here as I remember it smell . kittle come in the front door . kittle be wait long ? nena just get here . kittle how would we do ? nena a.d. be a c.p.a . kittle come again ... ? nena Archibald dobb ; certify Public accountant . but , that 's all we get . kittle maybe it 's enough . kittle find a yellow page phone book in a pile of magazine , go to open it on the coffee table , paging through . billy - boy no office be gonna be open today . kittle ( search phone book ) lot of this pencil- pusher work out of they home . it 's a tax dodge . nena bad news be , word 's spread like wildfire that we do not have badge , and nobody want to end up get splatter like butch cassidy either . billy - boy if we do not catch a break soon , we be gonna be leave stand with we dick in we hand . nena speak for yourself . billy - Boy notice the envelope kittle leave on the table . he pick it up , curious ... unfold the letter inside . kittle ( search yellow page ) bingo . get he ... ( tear page out ) let 's pay Archibald a visit . kittle stand , then notice billy - Boy read the letter . kittle what do you get there , billy ? billy - Boy keep read , disbely , fill with sadness . he lower the letter , stare off . billy - boy she ... she 's go ... kitile ( take letter , read ) dear billy ... be think about we ... decide you be too good for I . I do not deserve you ... ( jump ahead ) do not try to find I ... ( to billy - Boy ) sorry , kid . that 's a tough break . billy - Boy look zombie-like , reach to take the letter , study it . he rip it up . pause ... then , billy - Boy lift the coffee table and chuck it across the room . kittle and nena back off . billy - Boy go berserk , wreck the place . he flip the couch , pull down shelf , knock picture off wall . ext . billy - boy' house -- afternoon another cadillac arrive with ball and thug - one . mickey get out of he caddie , prep a machine gun . poe pull up in he soupe - up mustang with thug - two as a passenger . int . billy - boy' room -- afternoon kittle and nena watch billy - B destroy he television . kittle he 's take this better than I think he would . billy - Boy swat a lamp , kick furniture , stumble , look around , breathe heavily . pause ... then , he sit , burst into tear . nena move to comfort he . nena whoa , whoa ... it 's gonna be alright . billy - boy ... where ... where 's a jerk like I ever gonna find another girl to love he ... huh ?... billy - Boy sob , truly heartbroken . nena hug he . nena do not talk like that . there 's plenty of woman around for jerk like you . billy - boy you be lie ... kittle 's sad , unsure . he pet billy - Boy 's shoulder . kittle you be a good guy , billy . this thing happen ... billy - Boy hug nena . she hold he , really feel for he . kittle notice something strange ... cross ... at the window , kittle pull the curtain : see poe and four other villain head across the lawn with lot of gun . ext . billy - boy' house -- afternoon poe spot kittle at the window . poe now ! villain OPEN FIRE ... int . billy - boy' house -- afternoon kittle turn and leap onto nena and billy - Boy , bowl they over in mid-hug as the front window be blown to smithereen . dozen of bullet and shotgun blast pepper the wall . ext . billy - boy' house -- afternoon poe and the other move in , all shoot ... int . billy - boy' house -- afternoon billy - Boy crawl , wiping tear , terrify . nena and kittle follow . Glass , plaster and splinter of wood shower down . billy - Boy look back ... see he steeler shrine blasted to piece billy - boy motherfucker ! in the kitchen , billy - Boy , kittle and nena sprawl through the doorway . bullet ricochet . cupboard be blow open . ext . billy - boy' house , rear -- afternoon billy - Boy , nena and kittle tumble out the back door . they scramble towards the torino . ext . billy - boy' house , front -- afternoon villain keep up the assault . the torino appear from around the side of the house , zooming down the drive ... villain redirect they fire . the torino hit the street ... head away . poe shout order as he and he fellow assassin run to they vehicle . CUT to : ext . urban straightaway -- afternoon here come the torino , full out .... behind : two cadillac follow by the mustang . in the torino billy - Boy 's load a pump shotgun , mutter angrily ... billy - boy destroy a man 's steeler shrine . that 's a declaration of war ! billy - Boy turn to peer out back . billy - boy okay , we get ... one , two ... three ... ( up to kittle ) two caddy and poe 's mustang . kittle could be worse . I do not know how , but I be sure it could . nena sit backwards in she seat , on she knee , fasten she seatbelt . she lean out she window , firing ... on the STREET mickey shift lane as he windshield sprout bullet hole . poe 's mustang pull ahead of the cadillac . thug - two lean out the passenger window and fire a machine gun ... bullet strike the torino 's ass . rear window shatter . in the torino kittle hunker down . nena reload . billy - Boy 's horizontal . nena ( to billy - Boy ) you plan on shoot that gun or just hugging it ? billy - boy I be wait till the time 's right . kittle well , sometime before we be all dead would be nice , if it 's not too much fuck trouble , yellow - belly ! on the STREET in the mustang , thug - two withdrawals to reload . billy - Boy pop up in the torino 's rear window , blasting ... the mustang 's right headlight fragment . in the torino billy - Boy pump the shotgun , target ... billy - boy he 's too far back . kittle look in the rearview , hit brake ... on the STREET the torino slow , bring the mustang closer ... billy - boy thank you ... billy - Boy fire ... poe and thug - two duck as they hood be blown clean off ... in the torino billy - boy yoo-hoo ! flip he lid ! on the STREET the hood spin in the air ... bounce off ball ' cadillac . in the mustang poe curse , downshift , expose engine whining ... on the STREET the mustang fall back . mickey 's cadillac come to the torino 's driver side ... bashing ... slamming ... billy - Boy fire out the side window ... crack mickey 's windshield , but mickey keep ramming . further down the STREET the chase roar past . in the opposite lane , a police squad car pass ... in the squad car officer Steve and Jim crane they neck , look back . officer steve you see that ? officer jim sure as shit I do . Officer Jim spin the wheel ... on the STREET the squad car jump the divider , u-turn . ahead , down the STREET the torino and mickey 's cadillac keep slamm . they separate to get around a slow truck , then ... slam back together . behind : gunfire from ball ' caddie ... in the torino kittle flinch as a bullet destroy he rearview mirror . kittle this be completely , goddamn unacceptable ! on the STREET kittle accelerate as billy - B and nena return fire . the torino move leave , cut in front of mickey 's cadillac ... in the torino kittle look to nena , who 's reloading again . kittle get he attention . nena ( raise and cock gun ) you wish be my command . on the STREET the torino brake , keep leave , which bring mickey 's cadillac along nena 's side as nena open FIRE ... mickey duck as he window implode ... kittle jam the steering wheel right ... forcing mickey 's cadillac over , toward sidewalk ... in the torino kittle ( through clench tooth ) this one 's for mcdoogle 's kid !! on the STREET mickey 's cadillac collide with park car -- lift impossibly , airborne , spin sideways . crashing a abandon storefront as citizen flee ! in the torino nena ( look back ) bye- bye bad guy ! on the STREET back at the storefront , mickey 's cadillac burst into flame ! debris fly . and then , as one might expect , mickey leap out from fire , burning from head to toe , run in circle , flap he arm ! CUT to : ext . downtown -- chase continue at the mouth of a tunnel , the torino soar out , head downhill to mid-city street . the mustang and ball ' cadillac follow ... the squad car tail , still in the run . in the torino a siren be heard behind . kittle glance back , happy ... kittle hey - Ho ... ! maybe we be not alone in this thing after all . nena ( lift sunglass , squint back ) who be that ... ? on the STREET in ball ' cadillac , thug - one shoot at the squad car as it pass . Officer Steve return fire . then , the squad car overtake poe 's mustang . Officer Steve shoot at poe . the mustang swerve away . in the torino billy - boy Far out , man ! get that bastard ! billy - Boy give a thumb - up , smile ... in the squad car officer steve Fucking hot-dogge vice prick . let 's see how hot you be now ... ! Officer Steve level he pistol at the torino ... in the torino the smile be wipe off biliy - Boy 's face as Officer Steve fire at he repeatedly . we heroes duck and cringe ... on the STREET the torino take a sharp turn , gain breathe room . in the torino kittle what the hell 's he problem ? nena you mean , besides the warrant out on we for blow up we commanding officer ? billy - Boy rise 's with he " steeler " helmet on , peer back , recognize the officer behind ... billy - boy remember that two uniform cop who be give we such a hard time ... ? kittle yeah . billy - boy the one you get in that fist - fight with a couple a week ago ... ? kittle yeah . billy - boy that 's they try to kill we . kittle well , they sure know how to hold a grudge . on the STREET the torino make another shrill turn ... past a " wrong way " sign , up a " one way " street ... in the torino thru the windshield : lot of car head this way . nena interesting choice . kittle lay on the horn , steering ... on the one way STREET Chaos . the torino weave through traffic . horn blare . Cars smash each other to avoid head - on collision ... behind , the patrol car slow , break away , choose another route . but , the mustang follow the torino ... side-swipe other vehicle , scraping past , raging forward . behind , ball ' cadillac ram car aside ... take the path of least resistance : sidewalk ... plowing thru clothing rack and table of a " sidewalk sale . " the cadillac clip tall scaffolding on its way back to the street . the scaffold let out a creaking groan ... scaffold fall ... in the street , driver inspect they crash car must now to run for they life as scaffold crash down . above , workmen hang from windowsills , scream . at the end of the block the torino hit open street , blast forward . congestion ahead , so the torino cut across sidewalk bouncing up a wide , marble staircase ... in a OPEN AIR plaza a folk singer play guitar and sing about " peace , love and happiness " for a audience gather around a fountain . many other be picnick on blanket nearby . the torino roar as it reach the top of the stair ... head straight for the crowd ... pigeon take flight . people shriek and flee . many be knock into the fountain . the torino cruise through . behind , the mustang and cadillac follow .. across the plaza the torino rumble down another staircase . CUT to : ext . more downtown street -- chase continue follow as the torimo arrive , spin out , move on ... ripping past cross street ... gain some distance on the mustang and caddie . behind , the sguad car turn off one cross street , fishtail to rejoin the chase . ahead kittle take the torino down a long block ... in the torino kittle ( daunt ) okay ... it just get worse ... thru windshield : busy construction site . on the STREET the torino race by sign : " lane end " and " one lane ahead . " the torino halt at the rear of a long line of car , engine snorting . up front , a yawn flagman hold a " stop " sign . kittle stick he head out , look ... construction vehicle and a huge mound of dirt block the right lane . oppose traffic 's come through on the leave . kittle sweat . he look back ... here they come : mustang ... cadillac ... squad car ... in the torino billy - Boy aim he shotgun out back . billy - boy whatever we be gonna do , we should do it now . kittle shift , reverse , head backwards ... billy - boy um ... wrong way . see , the bad man be back there , and we want to go away from they ! on the STREET the torino angle , stop , then head forward , squeaking past the long line of car ... picking up speed ... in the torino ahead : the mound of dirt ... whip pan : to nena , who realize , look to kittle , who be intensely goal - focus , in a zone . nena you be ... you be not do what I think you be do ... ? kittle seatbelt fastened , please . billy - Boy face front , confuse ... nena even if we make it .. which we will not ... we do not know what 's on the other side ! billy - Boy figure it out ... billy - boy oh , no ... no , no , no !! engine's humming . nena brace she foot on the dash , head between she knee . billy - Boy see this , dizzy with fear ... billy - boy ( try to be calm ) look , kittle ... pull over and let I out . I will be fine ... okay ? how ' bout that ... ? ( absolutely freaking ) oh , Lord almighty , listen to I ... I do not want to die !! lemme out of this coffin !! kittle clench you tooth . billy - boy wh ... what ... ?! kittle clench you tooth so when we land you do not accidentally bite off you tongue . billy - Boy let out a weak whimper , sit back , grip ceiling strap and close he eye . on the STREET construction worker dive for safety . the torino hit the dirt mound , riding up .... take flight ... High above ... land with a whoomp ! , throw dust , rocketing onward ... in the torino kittle give a hoot of joy . nena plant a kiss on he . in back , billy - Boy half - giggle / half -cry , giddy . on the STREET , behind the mustang zoom off the dirt ramp ... fly ... follow by ball ' cadillac ... skyward ... they both land upright , survive ... behind the squad car fly over the dirt mound ... soar ... something 's wrong . off balance , slowly flipping ... booooooom ! -- land flat on its roof , pancake ! CUT to : ext . L.A. river basin -- chase continue a narrow spillway . at the top , the torino bash through a chain - link gate , head down ... into the far-as- the-eye - can - see expanse of the concrete Los Angeles River . the torino pick up the pace , riding the slope wall . long -shot aerial view : as the mustang and cadillac shadow the torino . straightaway . speed become excessive ... in the torino nena crank a handle above , open a sunroof . in the river basin nena stand up through the sunroof , aim two gun back ... behind , poe slow , let ball ' cadillac take the lead . thug - one lean out , firing a machine gun ... nena shoot , double blasting ... in the cadillac thug - one 's gun empty . he lean in to reload . he do not notice yet : ball be a gory , bullet - ride mess beside he , slump against the steering wheel . thug - one bitch can not hit a thing . thug - one finish load , let out a nervous laugh , glance at ball ' corpse ... do a double-take ... thug - one look forward , open he mouth to scream ... in the river basin the cadillac explode as it slam a bridge abutment dead center . sound like a thunder -clap . huge fireball ... the mustang burst through the flame , unrelent ... kittle take the torino down off the wall ... knifing through shallow water ... up the opposite wall ... the mustang follow suit with thug - two shoot ... CUT to : ext . golf course -- chase continue chain link fence border the L.A. River . a golf cart putter past . the torino and mustang bust up and out through the fence , take off across the golf course ... elsewhere on the tee , a elderly gentleman golfer , in plaid knicker and a pom-pom cap , tee off . good hit ... he watch he ball go , squinting . Far off , down the fairway , the torino and mustang cross the lush , roll hill , exchanging gunfire ... down the fairway the golf ball bounce off the hood of the torino . up on the tee gentleman golfer watch the car pass . gunshot echo . gentleman golfer that 's peculiar . ( long pause , to caddie ) Winter rule , I suppose . further on the torino and mustang clash , bumping each other ... jostling for position . really move ... the torino head downhill , swerving ... bashing the mustang , guide it ... towards a sand trap ... poe realize too late , cry out ... the mustang hit the sand trap , wheel whining , spinning and throwing sand high in the air . immediately immobile . poe pound the wheel in frustration , go ape-shit . the torino continue ... CUT to : ext . L.A. STREET -- chase continue the torino burst out from a line of thick shrubbery , onto a semi-busy street , join the flow of traffic . CUT to : int . beverly hill estate , live room -- afternoon Big party . loud . Party -goer move in the trippy flicker of strobe light , drink and drugging . kittle , nena and billy - Boy arrive , scan .. in the middle of the ' crowd , there 's a nude woman in only a mink coat stand on top a piano , writhe and laugh hysterically for no reason , non-stop ; laugh and laugh and laugh , though we can not hear she over the din . half the room 's take up by a makeshift indoor volleyball court , where man and woman play naked volleyball . this be not all " beautiful people " either . there 's plenty of middle - age man and woman who should have keep clothes on . billy - boy that 's sick . kittle welcome to beverly Hills . wife -swapp Capital of the World . kittle lead the way . a big , naked body - builder come to block they path . kittle grimace , afraid to look down . naked body - builder ' scuse I , fella ... I need to see you invitation . kittle or what ? you gonna hit we over the head with you penis ? body - builder grip kittle . nena and billy - B brandish gun . nena take you baby - lotion hand off he , Zeus. good . now , come here ... in a hallway nena lead nake body - builder with she gun to he neck . nena you be gonna tell we where archie the accountant be . but first ... she take out handcuff , snap one cuff around a doorknob and secure it , then hold up the other cuff . nena try to guess which part of you body 's go in here . int . beverly hill estate , DISCO room -- afternoon music throbs . people dance , drench , strobe - lit . bad fashion choice . they be really shaking they bootie , bang ass together , grab and gyrate , oversex . kittle , nena and billy - B shove through this jumble , move on . ext . beverly hill estate , backyard -- afternoon on the porch , surround by coke mirror and bowl of R ,w+b pill , three nubile young women sit in the froth hot tub , drink champagne and giggle . then , archie , a middle - age , hairy - chest sleaze - ball in gold chain , pop up from under the water , laugh ... archie now , that 's what I call diving for -- he 's yanked out of the hot tub by the chain around he neck , end that sentence with a guttural choke . int . beverly hill estate , garage -- afternoon archie 's shove into the garage , catch himself against he red tran - be , wet and vulnerable in he bathing suit . he turn to face kittle , nena and billy - Boy . archie this be private property . this be break and enter ! kittle just enter . we will get to the break in a minute . archie 's shifty , cross he arm to cover nipple . archie whatever you fuzz be sniff for , I do not have it . you come to the wrong place . kittle throw the ledger book and archie catch it . kittle you be Zimmermann 's calculator , archie . all the blood money you have to move around to make this deal , you get to know something . maybe they tell you , maybe you overhear thing you be not suppose to hear ... archie I be tell you , you be bark up the wrong tree . kittle ( furious ) well , I be run out of tree , so look I in the eye like a man and tell I you do not know ! convince I ! archie ( flinching , miserable ) I do not know . fuck off ! nena ( study archie ) you suck at lie , archie . kittle see ... now that we know you know , the hard part 's do for we . nena it 's just a question of how long do we have to slap you silly till you spill the bean . archie if this deal go smooth , I clear three hundred fifty grand . that 's enough for three more house like this . and , what be you offer I instead , other than a black eye and a fat lip ? kittle motion . billy - Boy step up , put archie in a choke . archie yeah ... there , just like that ... ( submit ) okay , go ahead . but first take a good look around at how I be live , and then think about you own shitty life ... kittle push billy - Boy aside , gut - punch archie . archie 's gasp . billy - Boy punch he , send he sprawling . archie ( catch breath ) I know the drill . maybe I can not stop you from beat on I ... but , I will heal up . it do not change the fact that cop eat hamburger and hot dog while crook eat lobster and caviar . kittle kick . archie roll . kittle come to lift archie up by gold chain , ready to punch again ... archie ( weary , resign ) it 's not even like there 's a choice to be make , so ... do whatever you feel like you have to do . kittle 's unsure . he drop archie , frustrated , leave . int . beverly hill estate , live room -- afternoon kittle lead the way back across the volleyball room , angry , push stone guest . billy - Boy light up a cigarette . nena we be screw . kittle I be well aware of that . billy - boy what 's the plan ? kittle beat I . you get a suggestion , feel free to shout it out , genius . kittle glance up , stop . he 's focus above , loathing ... above , on a balcony overlook the party , adam , a gaunt , glassy - eye blonde junkie in head - to - toe leather , smile down . he crook he finger slyly ; " come here . " int . beverly hill estate , upstair bedroom -- afternoon we three heroes follow Adam in , wary . dim room . candle . Adam sink into a couch , put he arm around eve , a blonde misfit-addict also slather in leather . kittle ( disgust , anger ) Adam and Eve . never one without the other . Eve 's fix , shoot heroin ... zoom - in close - up : on the needle pierce Eve 's arm . nena 's rivete by this , instantly queasy , avert she eye . eve that 's we name , do not wear them out . Eve laugh , so stone . she put the needle aside . Adam grope she face and they flick tongue together . billy - Boy put a hand on nena 's shoulder . nena give he a look to say she 's okay , wiping sweat off she upper lip . adam ( to Eve , lovingly ) indivisible and inseparable . kittle incestuous . adam every person 's get they own kink , beef -cake . ( stand , slink forward ) what 's wrong , kittle ? you do not swing ? Adam rise to lavish attention , touch . kittle stew . adam what Eve and I would not give to meet up with you on the business end of a daisy chain . kittle ( shove Adam off ) put up you kickstand , freak . start talk , or we be out the door . adam a little birdie whisper in my ear today ... about the needle - candy you be chase . it 's up here ... ( tap he forehead ) ... in the old curiosity shop . kittle look questioningly to nena and billy - Boy , doubtful . kittle how much ? adam I figure , for this information , the usual payment ... time ten . kittle you think it 's that good ? adam I will tell you what ... I think it 's all you have get . kittle ( false smile ) well ... what can I do ? you have create a dilemma ... ( look at watch ) and , look at the that . time 's run out . I wonder ... how can I impress upon you just exactly how frustrating this situation be for I ? billy - Boy dutifully drop he cigarette , step it out . he grab Adam and throw he across the room ... Adam smashes a dresser and tumble to the floor , smugness immediately replace by shock and fear . eve bastard ... ! Eve get up , fall down , crawl to cradle Adam . kittle you get nothing and like it . and if we be not blissfully happy with what you tell we , we arrest you just for the fun of it . adam okay , man , okay . I be with you . I ... I hear how the shit 's arrive ... ( lean forward , whisper ) it 's come in a lincoln . kittle 's wait for more . there be not more . kittle and ... ? adam what and ? that 's what I get . kittle a lincoln ? what lincoln ? lincoln Continental ? lincoln Mark five ... six ... ? adam now you know what to watch for ... kittle be I suppose to take this information and sit up in the hill with a frickin ' telescope ? nena this much powder you do not throw in the trunk with a blanket over it . it 's get to be smuggle . kittle there 's not even enough place to stash it in a car . adam have I ever steer you wrong ? kittle ( piss , to billy - Boy ) cuff'em . let 's see what this two love bird say once they be sit in separate cage . billy - Boy pull Eve off Adam , handcuffs she roughly as she kick and protest . Adam grab at she , scared . adam get off she , monster ! leave she alone ... ! billy - Boy shove Adam . nena restrain Adam , cuffing he . kittle ( to billy - Boy ) take she down to the car , and for Christ 's sake be careful this time . ( to Adam ) last suspect he take in , butter - finger drop she down the stair . what a mess . why be it we do not appreciate we arm and leg till we have lose the use of they ? adam ( desperation rise ) hey , listen ... I will give you something else , kittle . anything . remember ... remember that corpse wash up on huntington Beach ? it be never identify ... kittle who care ? adam alright , wait ... there 's a dentist in brentwood peddle morphine ... kittle ( ignore , to billy - B ) careful she do not hit she head on the way . billy - Boy drag Eve towards the door . adam come on , do not you screw with she , please ! you ... you get to want this : armored car job . caltrust Bank . they take two million in cash ... kittle read my lip : Zimmermann or nothing . nena hold up a minute , kittle . nena drop Adam , motion for kittle to follow she . they huddle . nena whisper . billy - B wait in the doorway with Eve , light a cigarette . kittle nod to nena , then return to Adam . kittle we will take the caltrust heist , but if it 's no good , we will hunt you down , and billy - Boy will pull out you spine and he will beat you to death with it . adam ( relieved ) Fair enough . CUT to : int . warehoose hideout -- afternoon a dirty window . kittle 's face appear outside , peek in through grime . he duck away . camera move ... reveal a armore car in the middle of the vast warehouse ... and , away from the truck , six bank robber , unwash , frightening tough - guy , play poker , drink and smoke ... and , nearby , a suitcase full of cash . $ 2 million . ext . warehouse district -- afternoon empty street like a ghost town . late in the day . the sun 's low . kittle hurry back to the park torino . inside the torino kittle they be there , lay low . it 's allison and hinchberger 's crew . lunatics , every one of them . nena and billy - Boy have duffel bag of gun on they lap , sorting and trading bullet , load every gun . kittle pick up he own bag , follow suit . for a while , that 's the only sound , of gun check and load . in back , billy - Boy take a deep swallow from he flask . kittle turn he head , see this , face front . kittle ( to billy - Boy ) when you plan to cut back on that ? billy - boy what ? kittle the booze . billy - boy I do not know . I could quit now if I want , I just do not want to . nena ( skeptical ) sure you could . billy - Boy study he reflection in the flask , buzze , sad . billy - boy I do not know what the problem be . plenty of great man throughout history get they bravery out of a bottle kittle name one . billy - boy Dean Martin . kittle entertainer do not count . all the time , they be still occupy load gun . billy - boy what about Jack Daniels ? be not he a decorate general in the Civil War ? nena no. billy - boy General Jim beam , then . nena nope . billy - boy oh . well . I think it 's pretty common knowledge that in the Battle of Little Big horn , custer be drunk off he ass . kittle who 's be give you history lesson ? you bartender ? billy - boy okay , seriously . what about napoleon , huh ? kittle what about he ? billy - boy you have never hear of napoleon brandy , mister smarty - pant ? how do you think it get its name ? nena billy , I love you I really do ... but I have get to tell you , every day , in every way , you give new meaning to the word " stupidity . " billy - boy ( long pause ) what can I say to that ... except , I love you too , you mean-spirited bitch . in front , nena allow a thin smile , still load . kittle turn on the radio : " Beth " by kiss . kittle switch : " Midnight at the Oasis , " " fly , Robin , fly " by Silver connection . " the night Chicago die . " " cat in the cradle " by Harry chapin . " Da doo ron ron " by shaun cassidy . " Mr. jaw . " " billy do not be a hero . " " Angie baby . " theme from t.v. 's " happy day . " " nadia 's theme . " kittle ( to nena , calm ) Excuse I ... kittle move over , angle he body and lift he heel so he can kick the radio -- smashing the radio into silence . kittle sit back down and calmly continue load . CUT to : int . warehouse hideout -- afternoon Big warehouse door . the torino crash through ! across the warehouse , robber leap to they weapon , run for cover behind big wooden crate and industrial drum . the torino skid to stop , sideways ... kittle , nena and billy - Boy , wear nylon stretch over they head , jump out with duffel bag , take cover behind the car . bullet thunk against the torino . kittle 's get get a bullhorn , shouting into it . kittle ( through bullhorn ) ... this be the police . we do not want trouble ... just come out with you hand up ... the bank robber peer out occasionally , firing sporadically . kittle ( through bullhorn ) put down you weapon and surrender . I be not kid ... this be you last chance . stop try to kill we ' , or we will be force to return fire ... robber curse they , keep up they uneven attack . behind the barrel , several robber be reloading , not too quick , drop bullet in they haste . behind the torino , kittle give nena and billy - Boy a look and a shrug . he toss the bullhorn aside ... kittle , nena and billy - Boy open duffel bag in front of then , choose gun , rise ... firing , six gun in all , one per hand ... wooden crate splinter . hole burst in metal drum . several robber be hit , bloody . we heroes keep blasting . as soon as a gun empty , it 's throw aside in favor of another from a duffel bag , facilitate non - stop firing ... one robber rise up , firing . he 's hit , fall , bloody . poker chip and card be send fly ... bullet be heard ricocheting everywhere , throw spark ... Bank robber be overwhelm , hardly able to get in a shot . gunshot be deafening as kittle , nena and billy - Boy continue shoot . gunsmoke grow thick and empty gun pile up at they foot . one robber make a run for a exit door , but he get shot down on the way , fall , scream . kittle , nena and billy - Boy stop fire . gunshot echo . kittle ( pause , shouting ) if anybody 's still alive over there ... now would be a good time for you to run away . a pause . two remain robber run , reach a exit door and escape , not look back . CUT to : int . archie be b.h. estate , bathroom -- afternoon archie 's house . archie 's in the shower . phone's ringing . archie get a towel , answer the nearby phone . archie ( into phone ) yeah ? ( listen , impatient ) I get nothing to say to you ... huh ? how 's that ... ( interest pique ) I be listen . camera move : to the ajar door . someone 's there ... in the adjoining bedroom a redhead , one of the hot tub bikini girl , stand eavesdropp . she cross ... carefully pick up a phone , listen . kittle's voice ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) this be something you should seriously consider . what do you say ? archie' voice ( v.o. ) ( pause , from phone ) meet I on mulholland . above outpost drive ... int . beverly hill mansioh , kitchen -- afternoon Party music 's still throbbing elsewhere . the redhead move through wane weirdo , reach a phone , dial . redhead ( wait for answer , whisper in phone ) hello ? yeah ... I need to talk to mister Zimmermann . CUT to : ext . mulholland drive , lookout point -- afternoon kittle open the suitcase fill with $ 2 million dollar . kittle it 's all yours . archie try not to let he excitement show , but he 's awed . it 's twilight . they're on the road 's narrow shoulder with the city beginning to sparkle behind . Cars park nearby . billy - boy you could start over again with cash like that . nena go wherever you want . live how you want . kittle no more count the big money for someone else . nena beholden to none . archie 's conflict . he touch the money , hand tremble . kittle ( look at watch ) it 's six o'clock . time 's runaing out . decide . archie if I tell you , how do I know you will not just club I and take it back ? kittle you do not . it 's a gamble . but , not even in Vegas be you gonna get close to this kind of cash . ( emphasize ) this be two million , archie . it 's not three house , it 's twelve . it 's dream come true . archie 's tempt , fearful . nena ( whisper ) Risk it . archie stare at the money , trance - like . then , quietly : archie it just get here . like you say , it take about a week from New York ... kittle , billy - Boy and nena share look , can not believe . archie ( long pause ) Three hundred kilo of White Lady hide inside a giant bust of abraham lincoln . a parade float . kittle what ... ? archie ( look to kittle ) abe lincoln ... flashback -- interstate highway -- day ago come down the road , haul by a R , w+ B pick - up truck : a giant abe lincoln head parade float , tacky and crude . archie' voice ( v.o. ) it 's gonna be in the bicentennial parade on wilshire tonight . the float whizze past . back to scene on mulholland archie you see how perfect it be ? it 's the fuck trojan " horse , " man . nobody suspect a thing ... flashback -- town fair -- a few day ago in a small town square , country folk gather to look at the lincoln float and have picture take with it . archie' voice ( v.o. ) a gift from one city to another , but who 's gonna ask who 's give the gift ? it 's a great , big , paper - and - glue goodwill ambassador , stop along the way to promote american value . flashback -- new york CITY warehouse -- a week ago thug load the lobotomize abe float with bag of heroin . archie' voice ( v.o. ) nobody imagine what 's inside . no cop be gonna search it , cause what 's to search ? it 's not a car . it 's not a truck . it 's abe lincoln . back to scene on mulholland archie all Zimmermann have to do be sit back at he party tonight and wait till the parade 's do . the float go to some warehouse afterwards , where there 's no guard cause it 's all garbage in the morning anyhow . so , while the city sleep , Zimmermann 's guy show up and empty it out . ( smile ) it 's that simple . gunfire o.s.! bullet hit archie ... kittle , nena and billy - Boy turn , reach for gun ... poe and two killer stand on the road , firing ... kittle , nena , billy - Boy and archie jerk and twist like puppet as bullet riddle there body . the suitcase be hit , flipping off the ledge ... money dump out into mulholland canyon . kittle , nena , billy - Boy and archie collapse . gunfire stop . poe walk over , inspect . smoke waft . kittle , nena , billy - Boy and archie lie motionless in pool of blood . in the canyon , cash flutter down like a blizzard . poe walk away , take one killer with he up the street . poe ( to remain killer ) finish it . the remain killer go to put a gun to billy - Boy 's head , pull back the hammer ... pull the trigger -- click . empty . killer reload , take he time . poe' mustang can be heard screeching away 0.s. killer put the gun back to billy - Boy 's head , pull back the hammer ... with a sudden roar , billy - Boy awaken , instinctively grab killer 's gun and yanking -- snap killer 's arm . billy - Boy grip killer 's head , twist -- break killer 's neck . killer 's dead . billy - Boy rise , uneasy , look around ... fall back , unconscious . fade to black : pause . a voice from blackness : president gerald ford . prez ford ( v.o. ) two hundred year ago we , the people of the United States of America , begin a great adventure which stir the imagination and quickened the hope of man and woman throughout the world . the date be July 4 , 1776 ; the occasion , the signing of we declaration of Independence ... fade in : montage begins -- intercutting -- night - on wilshire boulevard , the parade 's readying . float be guide round a corner : giant bald eagle , massive revolutionary soldier with a musket ... and , here come the abe lincoln float , pull by the R ,w+b pick -up . - march band mill about , noisy , disorganize . - sidewalks seethe with expectant spectator . - Boy scout troops be line up by den-leader dad . - policeman chase a naked streaker . the crowd jeer . - baton twirling drum majorettes warm up . prez ford ( v.o. ) no other nation in history have ever dedicated itself more specifically nor devote itself more completely to the proposition that all man be create equal , that they be endow by they creator with such unalienable rights of life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness . - in a hospital emergemcy room , door slam open : doctor and intern run all direction as kittle , nena , billy - Boy and archie be wheeled in on stretcher . pandemonium . - kittle 's bloody body be transfer to a operate table . doctor' shout order . oxygen 's administer . - surgical scissors cut blood - soak clothing off billy - Boy . same go for nena , nearby . - nena 's pupil be check with a flashlight . - tube be feed down billy - Boy 's throat . - blood flow out bullet hole . - Needles be insert into vein . - bloody slug be drop in a bowl with a metallic ping . - archie 's face be cover by a sheet . Dead . - kittle get electric SHOCK -- he body convulse . prez ford ( v.o. ) two century later , as we celebrate we bicentennial Year of Independence , the great american adventure continue . ... colonist and immigrant bring with they cherish value and ideal in religion and in culture , in law and learn which , mix with the native american way , give we we rich american heritage . - at zimmermann's mansion , champagne cork pop ! people cheer . a costume party' beginning in the great room . distinguish guest flow in . lot of whore . across the room , thug drink at a fully stock bar , each dress as a redcoat . poe 's amongst they , dress as BEN franklin , granny glass and all . - the butler greet guest in the foyer . - guest accept r, w+b hor d'oeuvre . - elsewhere , Zimmermann 's entrance be meet by applause . he 's uncle SAM , adjust he top hat and paste - on beard . - guest gather round a television show the beginning of the parade on wilshire . - a string quartet play . nearby , Zimmermann give poe a appreciative slap on the back . they share a laugh . - guest share cocaine off coke-spoon necklace . prez ford ( v.o. ) the unique american union of the know and the unknown , the try and the untried , have be the foundation for we liberty and the secret of we great success . in this country , individual can be the master rather than the helpless victim of they destiny . we can make we own opportunity and make the most of they ... end montage : int . kittle's hospital room -- night President Ford 's speech continue from the tv . kittle 's in the bed , bandage all over , unconscious . prez ford ( v.o. ) in the space of two century , we have not be able to right every wrong , to correct every injustice , to reach every worthy goal kittle stir . he open he bleary eye . prez ford ( v.o. ) but for 200 year , we have try and we will continue to strive to make the life of individual man and woman in this country and on this Earth better life -- more hopeful and happy , more prosperous and peaceful , more fulfil and more free . kittle try to sit up , in terrible pain . prez ford ( v.o. ) this be we common dedication , and it will be we common glory as we enter the third century of the american adventure . kittle look to the t.v. as it switch coverage , now showing coverage of the bicentennial parade on wilshire . kittle stare at this , then rise , barely , look to a privacy curtain . he begin the slow climb out of bed . behind the curtain , kittle look in . billy - Boy 's out cold , stain bandage around he head , tube up he nose . kittle 's eye fill with tear and anger . kittle ( quiet sorrow ) what would they do to my boy ? kittle touch billy - Boy 's face , gentle . suddenly , billy - Boy 's awake -- grip kittle 's throat ! kittle ( choke ) ... billy , no ... it 's ... I ... billy - Boy see it 's kittle and release . kittle gasp . billy - Boy pull tube out of he body , touch he head wound , look around , daze . billy - boy they ... they shot I . kittle they shot we all , kid . billy - boy what day be it ? kittle same day as before . I think . billy - Boy get up , in extreme pain , one leg in a knee - to-heel cast . kittle help he out of bed . billy - boy where we go ? kittle we be gonna rain on Zimmermann 's parade . int . hospital , nena' room -- night kittle and billy - Boy sneak in . they be pale , wound bleed fresh in they bandage . kittle go to check a chart at the end of a bed . kittle ( to bed , whisper ) nena. nena ... kittle pull the sheet , find only pillow place to look like a body . a light fall across he from behind ... kittle and billy - Boy turn . the bathroom door 's fall open , revealing nena , arm in a sling , struggle to tighten a piece of cloth around she wounded leg . nena look up , notice they , manage a frail smile . nena well , do not just stand there ... help a lady tighten she tourniquet . CUT to : ext . hospital -- night many cop car arrive . d.a. ravich and the police chief climb out from one . follow as they join a throng of policeman head to the hospital . d.a. ravich ( to Police Chief ) I want man guard they room . as soon as they wake up , I want they book . if they die , I want they dead body arrest . behind , another squad car halt . Officer Steve and Officer Jim , in unwieldy neck brace , get out from the back . int . hospital , kittle's room -- night cop enter , officer Steve and Jim amongst they . d.a. ravich and Police Chief push to front , stop cold ... zoom in : on billy - Boy and kittle 's empty bed . int . hospital , nena' room -- night d.a. ravich and Police Chief rush in with cop . same story : nena 's bed empty . there 's a pounding heard and muffled cry . Police Chief go to open a closet ... find a security guard , bound and gag , on the floor . ext . hospital , emergency room entrance -- night paramedics unload a ambulance . nurse assist , guide the stretcher in . kittle , nena and bllly - Boy hobble past , unnotice in all the activity . kittle drop a gun , scramble to pick it up . he , billy - B and nena climb in the ambulance . ext . hospital -- night the purloin ambulance , siren wailing , move past run policeman , past cop car , to the street ... CUT to : ext . mulholland drive , lookout point -- night where the shoot take place be a crime scene , roped off . detective work . the torino 's still here . a siren be heard ... getting closer . the ambulance arrive , snap police tape as it hurtle forward , skidding -- rearend a detective 's car , send the car forward and over the edge into the canyon ... below policeman , collect money from foliage , flee . the car tumble down ... roll ... bursting into flame . above we heroes , still in gowns , stumble out the ambulance . billy - Boy fall and nena help he up while kittle level he gun shakily at the stupefy detective . kittle everybody take off you clothes . CUT to : ext . hollywood STREET -- night the torino ride again ... inside the torino we rag heroes wear steal , ill-fitting clothing . nena tighten bandage . in back , billy - Boy prep weapon from the trunk via the trap door . kittle how you do back there ? billy - boy feeling great . blood flow out he nose . he wipe it , try to ignore . billy - boy ( cough harshly ) feel like there 's a bullet still in my chest . nena there probably be . billy - boy ( keep work ) bummer . CUT to : ext . wilshire boulevard cross STREET -- night marching band music 0.s. torino 's park , trunk open . kittle , billy - B ( in football helmet ) and nena unload they trusty gun duffel , shotgun suitcase and box of dynamite . they trek toward wilshire , toward the crowd with its back to they , where the parade flow past . CUT to : int . zimmermann's mansion , great room -- night clinking a fork against a wine glass , Zimmermann call for attention . guest clear a space around he . zimmermann a moment of you time , friend ! a mere moment ... ( wait for quiet ) I welcome you , on this the occasion of America 's 200th birthday . Times like this , I become a sentimental dolt , so I beg you indulgence . ext . wilshire boulevard -- night on the sidewalk , kittle , nena and billy - Boy be at the front of the crowd , watch . kittle 's look around , above ... a t.v. camera shoot the parade from atop a high platform ... whip pan : to another t.v. camera across the street , cover the festivity from another angle . nena nudge kittle and point ... the lincoln float 's on its way . a marching band slow . the lincoln float stop behind . the driver , a break - nose thug , look impatient . speaker on the float blast " star and stripe forever . " the pick - up 's door open and billy - Boy pull the driver out and throw he . behind , nena and kittle toss weapon on the float , struggle to climb on . int . zimmermann's mansion , great room -- night Zimmermann continue he address . zimmermann we country have be call the land of opportunity . and , a wiser man than I once make the observation that the older you get , the longer it take you to get to the door when opportunity knock . ( laughter from guest ) but , do not Thomas jefferson say it best when he say ... ( see something o.s. , sudden horror and fury ) motherfuck cocksucker !! I will ... I will kill they ... ! guest be startle . Zimmermann push through to the television , redden with rage , quaking in disbelief . on the television : kittle , nena and billy - Boy on the lincoln float , blood stain beginning to show through they clothing , wave wearily to camera . t.v. announcers in v.0. express confusion as the float turn off course ... ext . wilshire boulevard -- night billy - Boy drive , accelerate , spin the wheel ... guide the lincoln float off the parade route and onto a side street as the panicked crowd part like the Red Sea . t.v. camera turn to follow as the float lumber away . on the float , nena look to kittle . nena think Zimmermann 's watch ? kittle who the fuck know ? we will find out soon enough . ext . zimmermann's mansion -- night redcoat / thug run from the house , scramble to black cadillac . Zimmermann follow , shouting ... zimmermann wilshire boulevard ! wilshire boulevard ! kill they !! Zimmermann get in the passenger side of he white cadillac . they ride . poe follow in the super mustang . CUT to : ext . urban street -- night follow the float . kittle stare up at giant lincoln . kittle it turn my stomach they be use honest abe to smuggle they filth . nena open the suitcase , hand a shotgun to kittle . kittle limp aft , aim at the back of abe lincoln 's head ... kittle sorry , old buddy . boom ! White powder leak out from behind abe 's leave ear . nena you john-Wilke -booth -ed he . kittle ( to the pick - up ) billy ! billy ! kittle move to the front , shouting . in the pick - up , billy glance back , they watch through the mirror . kittle take we to the beach ! Santa monica ... ! the beach ! billy - Boy finally nod , give thumb - up to show he hear . in the pick - up billy - boy ( to himself ) the beach ... the beach ... billy - Boy 's eye flutter . he 's sweaty , try to stay conscious . he shake himself , force he eye wide . billy - boy ( to himself ) alright , big -fella , do not you go pass out ! you be fine and dandy . you have have worse than this . he force a laugh . blood trickle down he forehead . he take a pack of cigarettes off the dash . thru the windshield : yellow traffic light ... turn red . billy - Boy go for it ... on the STREET billy - Boy flout the intersection , barely miss collision . on the float , nena start check over gun . kittle kneel behind abe lincoln 's head , open the box of dynamite . nena why the beach ? kittle so there 's nobody around to get kill in the explosion . nena 's confuse . kittle take dynamite from the box and start shove it into abe 's head cavity , smile at nena . nena ( matter of fact ) oh , yeah ... the explosion . kittle know what I love about dynamite ? nena do tell . kittle when you bunch it together , it 's exponentially more powerful . two stick have the power of four stick . four stick have the power of sixteen , and so on . nena I do not think so . kittle well , that 's what I hear , and that 's what I choose to believe . ext . other urban street -- night Zimmermann 's cadillac be on the prowl . poe follow . ext . yet another urban STREET -- night Zimmermann 's ' cadillac convoy round another corner ... poe 's mustang break formation , head elsewhere ... on a side STREET the mustang cruise , a strange sight since poe 's at the wheel still in he elaborate Ben Franklin get - up and there 's a fully uniform redcoat in the passenger seat . inside the mustang the thug beside poe , redcoat - one , keep a eye out ... down the block : a glimpse of abe crossing . redcoat-one ( point ) there ! over there ... ! kittle know what I love about dynamite ? ext . urban STREET -- night in the pick - up , billy - Boy see the mustang arrive , head this way . he beeps and lean out , shouting back . billy - boy kittle ... we get company ! kittle and nena look . Im the mustang , poe talk in he cb radio , close . nena throw she duffel over she shoulder by a strap , start up a ladder at the back of lincoln 's head . billy - Boy point a gun out he window . redcoat - one lean out with a machine gun ... the pick - up and mustang trade gunfire as they thunder past in opposite direction ... nena reach the top of lincoln 's stovepipe hat , hurt . behind , the mustang u-turn to pursue . and , further back , the cadillac arrive , screeeeeching ; one white , two black . here they come , gun blazing . nena the gang 's all here ! kittle keep them busy . kittle keep load dynamite , hurried . poe 's mustang and the cadillac close in . Zimmermann lean out the white caddie , dement , he uncle Sam beard flap in the breeze , firing a machine gun ... on the float , nena return FIRE from above . below , kittle wrestle a plastic bag of heroin out of lincoln 's head , move back , keep low ... he chuck the heroin bag ... the bag slam the windshield of one black cadillac with a blind poof ! wiper come on . inside the white cadillac zimmermann that 's my heroin ! ( to redcoat -driver ) move it ! get beside the son of a bitch ! now , now , now ! on the STREET the white cadillac get close . Zimmermann fire . zimmermann die , kittle ... you self - righteous prick ! on the float , kittle cower . bullet rip abe 's head . inside the pick - up billy - Boy corner , hard ... on the STREET cut the corner short , block the white cadillac and decapitating a FIRE hydrant ! instant water fountain . atop lincoln 's hat , nena hang on tight . CUT to : ext . urban street , further on -- chase continue in the middle of the street , five child be huddle . a flicker flame light they face . they have a g.i. joe doll propped up , try to light the firecracker wedge under its arm . the fuse spark . the child run , squealing with delight , turn to watch from the safety of the sidewalk . the fuse give off a sizzle . the child wait ... and wait . meanwhile , " star and stripe forever " can be heard distant . one child ( disappointment ) dud. gunshot be heard . the child look ... here come the lincoln float . it zoom past , follow by the mustang and cadillac ... gunplay ... loud patriotic music ... giant abe lincoln . the child watch , awed . it 's go . they be still stare off in wonder as relative quiet return . in the street , g.i . Joe 's arm get blow off with a " pop . " further on follow the lincoln float . kittle 's add more t.n.t. in the white cadillac Zimmermann raise he machine gun , aim , pause ... zimmermann's p.o.v . -- kittle zoom in : on kittle and the dynamite - fill hole . in the white cadillac Zimmermann realize what kittle 's do . dread . Zimmermann grab the microphone of he cb . zimmermann ( into radio ) hold you fire ! you hear ... ? in poe' mustang redcoat - one 's shoot . from the cb : zimmermann's voice ( v.o. ) ( from radio , garble ) hold you fire , goddamn it ! you will blow it up ! on the STREET above on the float , nena fire down ... keeping the villain ' car at bay . below , kittle pull the fuse of one stick of dynamite with he tooth , lengthen it , then search he pocket for a lighter ... remember this be not really he pocket . kittle damn it ! kittle look to the pick - up , see cigarette smoke . in white cadillac zimmermann ( into microphone ) run they off the road ! shoot the driver ! just do not shoot abraham lincoln ! on the STREET kittle move to the front , make the short leap into the bed of the pick -up . short leap , but harshly painful for a man in kittle 's condition . he continue ... in the pick - up kittle lean around to billy - Boy 's window . kittle gimmie a butt . billy - boy you do not smoke . kittle I be not take a cigarette break , jackass , just give I one ! billy - Boy take the pack from he pocket and offer it . kittle slap the pack away , take the light cigarette stick out from billy - Boy 's helmet facemask and exit . billy - boy ( indignant , to kittle ) rude ! on the STREET kittle 's head back , but stop , look down ... in the pick - up , stick out from under a blanket , there 's a cardboard BOX label " caution : flammable . " kittle shrug , take the box ... he leap back onto the float , fall , get up , return to the hole behind lincoln 's ear . kittle open the box , pleased to find big , rocket - like firework , which he quickly start cram in the hole . above , nena 's gun empty . she flatten , reloading as best she can with only one function hand . behind , one black cadillac come ahead . on board the float , kittle finish fill the hole and grab he box of dynamite , move back , and ... split - screen : to the right ... to the left ... nena look down from kittle hold a the stovepipe hat . dynamite fuse to he cigarette . one black cadillac the fuse light . pull along side , slamming ... move kittle throw the beside the pick - up dynamite ... and bashing ! the dynamite above , nena fire bounce off the down , furious ... white cadillac ... inside the black explode on the cadillac , bullet ' rip roadway behind ! through the roof and kill the redcoated thug , kittle light swiss - cheese they ! another stick of t.n.t. , throw ... above , nena toss one gun , aim another , the t.n.t. stick keep blasting ... hit the street , roll ... below , the black cadillac swerve off ... the other black cadillac pass over the t.n.t ... split -screen end as ... the bullet - ravage black cadillac smack a telephone pole ! with a boom ! , the other black cadillac be thrown upward by the explosion beneath , flipping and flame ! on the float kittle ( look back ) God bless America ! on the STREET the white cadillac jerk to pass the burn wreckage . poe 's mustang growls , take the lead ... kittle throw another light stick of dynamite ... the dynamite land on the white cadillac 's windshield . Inside , Zimmermann 's eye go wide . Zimmermann lean out he window , struggle to reach the stick of dynamite ... it 's just out of reach ... the fuse be very short , sputtering , get short ... Zimmermann grunt and groan in terror , strain , can not reach . suddenly , he realize ... in the cadillac Zimmermann get back in , reach across the driver to turn on the windshield wiper ... wiper come to life , sweeping , toss the dynamite away ... on the STREET the dynamite explode behind the white caddie . ahead the mustang ram the float from behind . redcoat - one fire . High up on the float , nena shoot ... inside the mustang windshield shatter ! redcoat - one be hit , spraying blood . poe cringe and curse ... on the STREET the mustang slow , pull back ... inside the mustang poe wipe fleck of blood off he face , fury building . redcoat - one 's dead . in the pick - up billy - Boy glance back , then face forward . he yelp ... thru the windshield : a car 's crossing . on the STREET the pick -up smashes the car aside . jarring ... kittle 's knock off he foot , cigarette fly . above , nena 's knock from the stovepipe hat ... she hang off the edge , barely . kittle 's cigarette land in the texture crepe-paper- surface of the float , tip glow . above , nena 's in trouble . her bag of gun slide off ... gun clatter across the pavement below . nena kittle ! a little help here ... ! kittle rise , stumbling to the ladder . kittle hang on , honey ... I be come ... in the mustang poe speed up , to the right of the lincoln float ... on the STREET poe pull close beside the float , reach with one hand to grip the edge . he climb out the mustang 's window , pull himself onto the float as ... the driver- less mustang veer ... int . restaurant -- chase continue romantic . candle on table . poe 's mustang crash in , plow forward . diner depart most hastily . ext . urban street -- chase continue on the float , nena shout a warning to kittle , but poe 's already jump to pull kittle down off the ladder ... poe and kittle land . poe start punching ... kittle 's get pound . behind , in the white cadillac , a overzealous thug , redcoat - two , clamor out a rear window , pull himself up to the car 's roof ... as the cadillac get close ... redcoat - two run across the hood , leaping through the air ... landing on the lincoln float . redcoat - two move past poe and kittle 's fisty - cuff , climb the ladder up lincoln 's head , toward helpless nena . nobody notice : the crepe-paper around kittle 's cigarette burst into flame , fan by rush wind . in the pick - up billy - Boy look back ... see redcoat - two reach the top of the stovepipe hat . billy - Boy bash he elbow against he rear window , over and over , knocking the window out . on the STREET on the float , the cigarette fire spread quickly , move up toward the dynamite - pack hole . above , redcoat - two grin down at nena , who try in vain to pull herself up with one arm . redcoat -two Goodbye , bitch ... he grind he foot down on she hand . she cry out . in the pick - up gun in hand , billy - B check he rearview , brake hard ... on the STREET the lincoln float lurch . redcoat - two fall forward ... nena be throw , tumble across the brim of abe 's hat ... kittle and poe roll , still grapple ... redcoat - two land with a thud in the rear of the pick-up . nena miraculously land still on board the float . in the pick - up , billy - Boy point he gun out the rear window and fire repeatedly into redcoat - two ! behind , the white caddie slam the rear of the float ... move along side ... bashing ... the float pick up speed , move over to block . poe and kittle be still beat on each other . poe 's win . kittle 's wound be really bleed through he clothes now . he barely have the strength to punch . poe knock he down ... poe kick kittle . kittle 's not get up . poe straddle kittle , wrap he hand around he neck , choke the life out of he . kittle gasp , about to pass out . poe grunt , gleeful , strangling . honking be heard . poe look to the honking . Zimmermann lean out the white caddie , point ... zimmermann behind you ... ! poe turn , too late , as nena step up and swing a shotgun -- clunk ! -- clubbing poe. poe go fly off kittle . nena come to help kittle up . kittle ( weakly ) thanks , doll , kittle try to smile , but spot something horrible ... kittle oh , Lord ... zoom in : on the overflow t.n.t. hole . flame climb the back of lincoln 's head have light the fuse on several jutting stick of dynamite ! in the white cadillac , Zimmermann see the same , mortify . zimmermann no !! slo mo : kittle grab the shotgun from nena and push she ahead of he as he run . kittle go! go ... ! slo - mo : they stumble ahead , toward the pick-up . slo - mo : nena leap into the pick-up . slo - mo : kittle follow , in the air , point the shotgun down between the pick - up and float , blasting ... slo -mo : the shotgun destroy the pick - up 's trailer hitch ! slo - mo : kittle fall into the pick-up . slo -mo : the lincoln float be release , slow ... end slo -mo . the float rush back at the white cadillac with tremendous speed . unavoidable impact ... the cadillac recoil , out of control ... in the cadillac Zimmermann scream as ... on the STREET the white cadillac crunch park car , tipping on its side and slide forward , metal shrieking , spark fly . on the float , poe rise , hold he bleed face . and ... the lincoln float explode !! it rattles the world ... shatter nearby window ... the fireball light up the night . white powder shoot skyhigh , bloom ... howling firework shoot all direction , red , white + blue ! in the pick - up billy - Boy watch via in he rearview . billy - boy Holy hell . in back , kittle and nena shield they eye . on the STREET poe 's flame body fall from the sky and land hard . up the street , it 's snow heroin . the float topple , with lincoln 's giant head blow wide open and still burn . the pick - up stop . we heroes climb out . at the white cadillac , the driver 's head be through the windshield . Zimmermann struggle out , gore . he fall , crawl , look up . kittle , nena and billy - Boy trudge this direction , spend , barely function . zimmermann ( near tear ) you fucker ... damn you ! why ?! why I !? why the obsession with I ? kittle it 's we job . zimmermann you think you accomplish something ... like you be heroes ? fuck you ! this be meaningless ! you will never win ! you know , as soon as I be go ... someone 's go to take my place . kittle arrive , grip Zimmermann , pull he to he foot ... kittie we will burn that bridge when we get to it . kittle punch Zimmermann , and kittle 's so exhaust that the momentum of he fist throw he off balance ... he hit the ground and stay there . billy - Boy lift Zimmermann back up , kick he , then clobber he backwards with a elbow strike ... nena karate chop Zimmermann on the fly ... Zimmermann fall flat , belly first . billy - Boy 's knee give out and he fall , groggy . nena kneel to cuff Zimmermann 's hand behind he , then back off , fall back on she ass , exhaust , lay down ... we heroes lie there , stare up at the sky , bleed , too tired to speak . siren can be heard far away . neighbor peer out from window . down the block squad car arrive . uniform cop get out . they walk toward the burn lincoln float , take in the scene . they mutter disbelief . they study poe 's burn corpse . officer Steve and Jim be here , look at the flame bag of heroin that spill out of abe 's skull . officer Steve and Jim share a look of amazement . more cop arrive . from the other end of the street , a plain -clothes car arrive . d.a. ravich and Police Chief get out ... cop gather around billy - Boy , kittle and nena , just gawk at they and at Zimmermann , dumbfounded . someone whisper that it 's Zimmermann . d.a. ravich and Police Chief push through the cop to kittle , nena and billy - Boy , who make no effort to get up or move . d.a. ravich ( to cop ) do not just stand there . arrest they . kittie the captain be dirty . billy - boy he try to kill we . nena we have get the tape to prove it . d.a. ravich ( still to cop ) arrest they ! what be you wait for ?! do it ! someone arrest they ! cop look at each other . behind , ambulance arrive . d.a. ravich you ! you ... ( point to young cop ) I be order you to take they into custody this instant ! the young cop study d.a. ravich , take he handcuffs off he belt , pause , then throw the cuff to d.a. ravich . young cop do it yourself . Young cop go to help kittle up . other cop join in ... d.a. ravich rant and rave , ignore . as cop help kittle , nena and billy - Boy to ambulance , kittle manage to lift he head , look up ... Far off , firework burst , brighten the skyline . kittle stop and look to nena , see she notice they too . kittle you see that ? nena yeah . kittle good . think I be imagine they . billy - boy I see them too . firework . billy - Boy 's behind , grin . he fall out of the arm of the cop support he . they help pick he back up . kittle look back to the firework , then to nena and billy . kittle happy Independence Day . billy - boy yeah . happy fourth of July . nena you too . nena manage a smile . paramedics arrive to assist ... the obligatory crane shot pull up and back : kittle , nena and billy - Boy receive much need medical attention . cop drag Zimmermann to a squad car . whammy - bar theme song be heard as credit roll ... the end