red sparrow int . bedroom - apartment - brussel - morning a songbird chirp outside . gazing out window at a magnificent rooftop view of Brussels in the hush before daybreak . to the right of the window , a vanity with a large mirror and a sleep cat on its tabletop . the naked , tangle body of a young woman and a older man asleep on a bed can be see in the mirror . a serene stillness as the sun break and flood the bedroom with warm light . super : " Brussels , Belgium . March , 1976 " in the mirror we see the woman rouse by the sun . a beat . she beckon for he ... massage it to attention . slide up he chest , she straddle he . husky gasp as she gracefully grind down . the half - asleep man come alive with she pleasure -- meet she movement , intensity building , they shudder breath become one --- until he cum and they collapse together ... angle on bed : sun-stroked lover in a hazy embrace --- stone with satisfaction , comfort --- good morning . dominika egorov : mid twenty , natural , effortless beauty --- deep allure --- bohemian laissez - faire style and grace --- Jane birkin but with haunt eye . next to she , colonel francois guillot , a belgian man , 5as . kiss guillot , dom get out of bed , grab the portable cassette player off the vanity --- a glance back at he as she disappear into the bathroom . guillot lean to a chair , a NATO uniform hang off it . he pull out a cigarette , light up , take a drag , smile to himself as we hear water run into a tub in the bathroom . int . bathroom - beat later dom in front of a mirror , not so much look at herself as she be for herself . a undercurrent of tension in she eye . move to the clawfoot tub next to a big window , dom cut the water , hit play on she tape - deck : the Velvet Underground 's " Sunday Morning " --- slip into the bath . the tension in she eye disappear when guillot enter . he get in the tub , sit across from she . they trade smile . guillot ( in french ) when we be old and gray -- promise I that we will still have morning like this . always this --- forever . dom ( in french ) a proposal ? guillot ( in french ) absolutely . dom ( in french ) we only meet 6 week ago . guillot ( in french ) but I have know you for a thousand year --- dom roll she eye , a " so cheesy " look at guillot . put she foot on he chest , he soap and lather she leg up ... dom ( in french ) the NATO Colonel and the anti-war activist --- a odd couple . guillot ( in french ) you be the ying , I be the yang . dom grab a safety razor , slowly begin to shave she leg . dom ( in french ) and what will you colleague say ? guillot ( in french ) what will yours ? ( lock eye with dom ) I do not care . I want we to work . dom ( in french ) how be I to live happily ever after with a career soldier ? guillot ( in french ) I be a soldier for peace . dom ( in french ) yes , whose job it be to promote the proliferation of nuclear weapon --- guillot ( in french ) as deterrent ! dom ( in french ) do you want we child to grow up under the specter of annihilation ? guillot ( in french ) of course not --- dom ( in french ) then help I change thing . you be a soldier for peace ? prove it . guillot ( in french ) this be ridiculous . prove it how ? dom stop shave , hard look at guillot . dom ( in french ) be the Defense Planning Committee go to advocate the deployment of persh ii glcm 's along the curtain line to counter Soviet ss - 20' ? guillot sit back and stare at she , stunne and confuse . guillot ( in french ) I .. I be sorry -- I can not answer that . dom ( in french ) you mean you will not ... guillot ( in french ) what ? dom ( in french ) you be deputy chief of NATO 's division of Defense Planning and policy . if anyone know , it 's you . guillot ( in french ) how could -- I never tell you I be with the ddpp . we never discuss -- dom 's gaze unwaver as the realization hit guillot like a bat to the head . guillot ( in french ) ( cont 'd ) you be from the Center , be not you ? you be from Moscow . dom ( in french ) if I be , would it make a difference ? he shut he eye , annihilate . dom ( in french ) ( cont 'd ) francois --- guillot start to cross he arm --- dom lean in to touch he , prevent he from close up --- and he slap she hard , draw blood . he recoil , horrify at himself , at she . dom remain calm , maintain eye contact . dom ( cont 'd ) there be snapshot of we , document that I photograph . ( beat ) if you do not work for they , they have more than enough to convince you colleague that you do --- guillot break down with a shattered , gallow chuckle . guillot ( in french ) a honeytrap . pathetic . can not trust anyone anymore . not even myself . dom ( in french ) I do care about you , francois --- let I help you through this . guillot ( in french ) what you do for a live -- it 's the worst fuck business in the world . dom nod . after a beat --- dom ( in french ) but there 's no other way out --- guillot suddenly snatch the safety razor ... guillot ( in french ) there 's always a way out . dom lunge for the razor , but guillot jam he leg hard against she chest and pin she back . he pop out the blade , look she dead in the eye and brutally slit open he wrist . guillot roughly hold a struggle dom still as a cloud of blood gush from he vein and into the water towards she --- and after a minute or so , he finally release she . dom jump out of the bath , body stain with blood . dom ( in french ) you do not have to do this . guillot recline to bleed out in comfort . finally dom turn , wet a towel in the sink , quickly clean herself . guillot ( in french ) you can wipe the blood off , but you and I will always be unfinish business . they share a last look . he turn to gaze out the window . dom ( in french ) I will let the cat out when I leave . dom leave the bathroom . after a few beat , she footstep rush out of the apartment -- she shut the door . and then all we can hear be a song bird chirping outside . super title credit : " Red sparrow " fade to black : int . live room - apartment - early morning drab , cramped live room sullied with the rubble of a all - night party . a pile of three naked body pass out on the floor . woman 's snore over a radiator 's wheeze . super : " two month later . Moscow , Soviet Union " sandwich between two plump british chick be nate nash , a 30 - something american with the wolfish , hardboil good look of a prizefighter . unkempt , counter - culture vibe . waking up , nate squint at he watch : 8:47 be -- shit . he wiggle free and gather he clothes . int . bathroom - apartment - beat later in a brown corduroy suit , blue lacoste shirt and military boot , nate turn the sink on , vigorously splashes he face . on the counter : a new bar of soap and bottle chanel perfume . he stick both in he jacket . the plump chick 's panty and bra hang over the tub . nate pocket that too . int . kitchen - apartment - minute later nate pop a couple of dexedrine with some water --- then grab a half - eat steak , four egg , apple from the fridge --- ext . british embassy compound - moscow , ussr - minute later we suddenly hear the Rolling Stones ' " jiving sister fanny " kick in --- as nate exit the building next to the british embassy wear a bucket hat and mirrore aviator . Storm cloud roll in , he flip he collar up , head for the gate . the embassy soldier glare -- which nate return with a snarky grin . ext . STREET - just outside british embassy - continuous music continuing --- outside the gate be a checkpoint guard by four soviet militiamen . as nate pass through , he smoothly shift into a hungover stagger . nate snap scan the street , casually clock a volga idling down the block , two guy in the front seat . 6 . lumber down the sidewalk , nate suddenly keel over against the wall and covertly stick he finger down he throat . int . kgb volga - STREET - continuous music continuing --- kgb # 1 and kgb # 2 chuckle as they watch nate puke then head to he car , a beat - up , tangerine Zhiguli . ext./ int . nate' zhiguli - moscow street - minute later nate listen to the Stones off a jerry -rigged 8 - track tape player as he drive the drab and dreary street . he crack the egg over he mouth , swallow they whole -- power up . Sunday morning traffic , easy for nate to clock he kgb coverage : a rotation of 24 vehicle float around he . nate memorize characteristic of each car : dinge bumper on the volga , mismatch tire on the lada van , etc ... nate ( mumble to himself ) Fred and barney in the dinge rear bumper . Tom and Jerry , oddball tire -- stop at a red light , nate 's about to take a bite of steak when the volga behind he lurch forward and rear end he --- hurl nate into the steering wheel ... Fucking piss , nate whip back to look at the smile kgb # ¥3 and kgb # 4 . have to restrain himself from stomping ass . nate ( cont 'd ) Fucking cocksucker in the volga ... ext . STREET - kitay gorod - moscow - little later the music end as nate park he car , get out and enter the sandunovsky banya . int . locker room - sandunovsky banya - little later kgb # 5 and # 6 , already in towel , sit on the bench behind nate as he disrobe , put he gear into he locker . wearing he bucket hat and towel , nate leave , kgb agent trail . a beat later , more kgb agent rush to nate 's locker . kgb # 7 have a key , open it and they rifle through he thing . kgb # 8 pull the perfume , spray it , smell -- pocket it . kgb # 7 pull the bra and panty out , hold they up . the crew gaze at they like they be look into the face of god . kgb # 9 swipe the panty from kgb # 7 . a tussle bust out --- man' voice ( in russian , o.s. ) enough ! a annoyed kgb skipper hold he hand out and they give he the panty and bra . kgb skipper ( in russian ) Dust he and be do with it . kgb #7 spritzes invisible nppd dust on nate 's shoe , clothing . int . banya - steam room - a little later a large banya steamroom pack to the hilt with muscovite sweat it out , shoot the shit . nate sit on the 2nd tier bench , boil down good , kgb on either side of he . nate ( turn to kgb on right ) so the kgb , the gru and the CIA all think they be the world 's best rabbit catcher . to settle the matter , they have a contest --- see how long it take each team to catch the rabbit . the CIA be up first . they charge into they forest and pay off all the animal , place informant throughout , vector every inch with satellite -- and after 3 month of work it , the CIA conclude that the rabbit do not exist . next , the gru team go into they forest and after a week with no lead they get feed up and just drop a nuke on the whole place , fuck vaporize everything , include the rabbit . no apology . fuck the rabbit , he have it come . then , finally the kgb 's team go into they forest --- and they come out 10 minute later with this big old bear who 's clearly have the live shit kick out he --- miss he tooth , a eye , bleed out of he ass --- and the bear 's scream : " okay ! okay ! I be the fuck rabbit ! I be the rabbit ! " nate explode with crazy laughter and to he delighted surprise everyone in the steam join he ... everyone but the kgb --- who struggle not to laugh . nate toss kgb # 5 he bar of soap --- march out of the steam . ext . STREET - arbatskaya - moscow - later - afternoon Dark cloud loom . nate amble down the sidewalk tote a umbrella , hyper -aware but feign indifference . a big - nosed man avert he eye as nate walk past . boom , motherfucker just get make . nate approach a cinema with " one flew over the cuckoo 's nest " on the marquee . int . cinema - moscow - later a over - pack old theater --- viewer sit in the aisle , stand against the wall . kgb # 7&8 sit a few row behind nate . all eye on the last scene when the Chief kill mcmurphy . credit roll , applause . everyone shuffles to the exit simultaneously , create a dense mob of body . kgb # 7 and # 8 lose nate , panic , shove through the crowd . ext . STREET - movie theater - moscow - dusk Light rain . kgb # ¥9 & # 10 in they car across from the theater watch the crowd exit . kgb # 9 lift a UV scope to he eye . Pov scope : check people 's foot --- among the bustle , a pair of shoe glow . pan up to see the back of nate in the rush as he open he umbrella . in a panic kgb # 7 & # 8 emerge from theater , hurry to the volga . kgb#9 ( in russian ) ( nod to nate ) he 's go to he car . relieved , they all hustle after he ... another angle : amidst the hurry throng try to get out of the rain , we catch the back of a man strolling down the block , trench coat collar pop , newsboy cap on . a glove hand hold a open umbrella . as he distance himself , we now see this be nate , no sunglass , different shoe -- he turn onto another street .. ext . various street - arbatskaya - moscow - continuous series of quick cut : nate move down rainy avenue , back street , etc . make sure he 's clean of surveillance . he turn down a alley , disappear behind a tall wood fence --- a loading dock for a butcher . nate pull two garbage bag from a trash can . he open one : a scrub brush and soap bottle . loop a hose off the awning , nate shower , naked and shiver -- furiously scrubbing he skin , nail , scalp ... nate then open the second bag , pull out a towel , a new set of clothes and shoe --- and a set of car key . int . / ext . lada - various - moscow - over next four hour nate in another car , a lada . pop a couple more dexedrine . quick series of cut : nate drive through choke point , across bridge , switch - back -- every detection move in the book ... nothing suspicious . he sell it , they buy it -- he 's black . ext . STREET - kramovniki - moscow - later that night nate cautiously approach a desolate apartment block with a messenger bag sling from he shoulder --- situational awareness peak , pulse racing , nate snap -scan the street for anything suspect --- do not see anything . he enter the building . int . boiler room - apartment build - moment later nate enter the dimly - light room , descend the step , approach another door . knock softly . and from behind nate a voice -- man' voice ( in russian ) hand up --- above you head . ( nate comply ) now turn around please . nate slowly turn to find gru major general vladimir korchnoi , a rugge , majestically - handsome man in he late - 5as . korch give he a hard once - over and take out the same UV scope the kgb use and carefully scan nate for luminescence . korchnoi ( robust , elegant accent ) so how long be you run ? nate hold out he hand to be scan . nate 15 hour . be black for the last 5 . satisfied , korch crack a warm smile and pull nate into a big , soul - brother bear hug and plant a big kiss on he cheek . korchnoi I be so happy to see you , my friend --- nate I too , chico --- int . boiler room apartment - apartment build - beat later korch usher nate into a modest janitor apartment , remove nate 's jacket , hang it over a radiator and then sets a cooking timer for two hour . nate open he bag , pull out a shrink - wrap Russian transistor radio , hand it to korch . 10 . nate Inside you will find battery for the buster , one time pad , new comm protocol --- korchnoi yes , yes . where be the good shit ? he give korch shrink wrap bottle of Russian vinegar . nate Old rip Van winkle . finest kentucky bourbon available to mankind --- korchnoi magnificent ! nate pull out four shrink wrap record that have be mock up to look like they be Russian . nate Cash , elvis and my own contribution , Lee hazlewood and Nancy Sinatra . you be gonna love it , trust I . korchnoi I do . you and only you . we hear elvis presley 's " Gentle on my mind " , carry we to --- later : nate and korch at a table . nate eat stew . korch groove deep to the elvis as he smoke . korchnoi ( cont 'd ) my wife , anya , she hate elvis --- nate yeah ? why ? korchnoi for the very reason I love he --- because he life and sing straight from he ball --- ( sad smile ) think he be vulgar . through the smile , nate see the pain in korch 's eye . nate he 's get a show up at the Hilton in Las Vegas . you and I could be there by August . just say the word . 11 . korchnoli someday perhaps , but for now , we still have work to do . which remind I , I must ask you something . nate no way . we save business for last . that 's the rule . korchnoi this be extremely important , Nathan . the subject of intense concern within the kremlin . it have to do with kissinger . some distress intel --- even breshnev be upset . nate upset about what ? korchnoi ( a dramatic beat ) be kissinger fuck raquel Welch ? nate flash a screw-heade grin , but korch be stoneface . korchnoi ( cont 'd ) be it true ? be he defile she ? nate 's grin turn into giggle --- but korch be insistent . korchnoi ( cont 'd ) we source say that kissinger have a lopsided cock which become quite engorge when erect , be this how he attract they or just propaganda ? nate 's giggle roil into hysterical laughter ... korchnoi ( cont 'd ) how do this grotesque , little ghoul of a man bed so many beautiful woman ? I mean it , Nathan , if I could solve this one mystery , brezhnev would make I Chief of the gru ... nate cry , grab korch 's arm and start affectionately pound on it . korch can not help but start laugh too . little later : nate and korch drink tea . korch smile somberly along to johnny Cash 's " a Boy name Sue . " korchnoi ( cont 'd ) I recently read a psychological analysis on all that who spy for or defect to the West --- ( more ) 12 . korchnoi ( cont 'd ) ( light cigarette ) it isolate a common dominator in all this man . nate they all want a better life ? korchnoi every one of they have a negative relationship with he father , which be strange , because I have a wonderful bond with my father --- nate you think he would see you as a traitor ? korchnoi he love this country , a true patriot . nate so be you . you be betray you government in order to save you people --- korch find strength in the conviction in nate 's eye . korchnoi and you ? you never speak of you father --- nate not much to say . I be a mistake to the man . a bad beat . only meet once . korchnoi he still alive ? ( off nate 's nod ) tragedy --- he will never know what a magnificent son he have . ( deep sigh ) you be the only person in the world I can talk to without have to think about what I be go to say before I say it . the ding on the cooking timer go off . both man be heartbroken that they night be come to a end . korch pull on glove , take off he boot and unfasten a secret pocket . nate pull out a Ziploc bag , hold it open . korch dump 42 roll of microfilm into the bag . nate 's stunne by the volume . 13 . korchnoi ( cont 'd ) specs on the rt - 21 i.c.b.m' . New command and control system protocol for the vostok . schematics of molniya - 4 , we new elliptical orbital . nate give korch a look of deep concern . nate this be too much . you should not be draw so much exposure --- korchnoi I have it all well in hand ... nate but for how much longer ? you have have a spectacular , improbable run . you contribution be impossible to measure . ( beat ) you have give we enough . korchnoi if you commander know you be say this to I --- nate yeah , I would be shit - can for sure . but I do not want you to end up be burn alive like penkovsky . korchnoi I will not --- nate then let I get you out , we will set you up with a beautiful new life . you should enjoy the time you have leave . korchnoi funny . I be plan on give you some very similar guidance --- nate I ? korchnoi you do not think I know you be play the game for the game 's own sake ? you be a gift operator , yes --- but with one fatal flaw --- korch slap he hand over nate 's heart ... korchnoi ( in russian ) you have get too much leave tit . 14. nate listen , vlad --- korchnoi ( forceful ) no . you , listen . what do you truly want out of life ? who do you want to be ? where do you want to end up when you be my age ? nate I do not know --- who the fuck have time to think about that shit ? korchnoi you must make the time , Nathan --- because it all go by in the blink of a eye . nate nod solemnly . korchnoi reach into he jacket , pull out a leather - bound book and offer it to nate . korchnoi ( cont 'd ) pavel markova , a mystic poet , my favorite . read he epic " the Wolf hunt . " perhaps it will help you understand what I be talk about . nate you know I can not take that . korchnoi it 's okay . it 's be wipe clean . nate take the book , put it and the bag of film into a secret pocket in he jacket . they embrace in a soulful hug . ext . STREET - kramovniki - moscow - minute later nate exit the building into the misty night . 3:30 am , city asleep -- he cross the street and head down the block ... headlight turn onto the street , cruise towards he -- a patrol car with two militiamen . nate shift to a drunk shuffle . the militiamen pull up , eyeing he suspiciously , lower the window -- militia # 1 shine a flashlight on nate . militia # 1 ( in russian ) what be you do ? nate pretend to be too fuck up to answer --- as he catch the outline of korch leave the alley behind the apartment and crossing through the adjacent field . 15 . militia # 1 notice nate 's attention flicker and look that way , see korch 's shadow , realize something 's up --- when nate savagely coldcock he twice --- nate bolt to a corner apartment block . militia # 2 explode from the car in hot pursuit , scream into he walkie talkie . int . various - apartment build - moscow - continuous nate burst into the building , frantically look around where to go --- scramble up a stairwell --- a beat later , militia # 2 bust in , hear nate 's footstep , follow --- second floor hall nate 's at the end of the hall , try to open a big window , but can not . he pick up a trash can and hammer it against the glass --- spiderwebbing it . just as he 's about to swing again --- militia # 2 ( in russian ) on you knee , hand behind you head ! militia # 2 be aim he gun at nate from the stairwell . nate just smashes the window --- the guy fire a warning shot -- shatter the window . realizing what nate 's about to do , militia # 2 charge towards he just as -- ext . alley - apartment build - moscow - continuous nate leap out of the window and land hard on he side -- scream in agony . nate motherfucker ! militia # 2 ( in russian ) he 's american ! he 's american ! nate look up , see militia # 2 in the window yell into he radio . he scramble to he foot and hobble away --- ext . back alleyway - moscow - little later nate rush into a alleyway , but it 's a dead end . another patrol car pass --- screech to a stop , reverse , and turn into the alley . headlights sweep over nate as the patrol car accelerate towards he -- nate go all out -- the car rapidly close the gap -- militia # 3 and # 4 open they door , leave nate no room --- go for a wall smear --- nate veer towards a drain pipe just as militia # 3 gun it towards he . 16 . nate leap , grab the pipe and swing up just as the car smashes into the wall , sideswipe the drainpipe and grind to a halt , pin the passenger door close . the pipe give way -- nate drop onto the car 's roof , roll onto the pavement . militia #3 open the driver door , but nate body check it shut on the guy 's head --- once -- twice -- three time . ext . various - street - moscow - minute later the rain return . tire squeal and engine roar rise over the water slapping asphalt , seemingly from all direction . wincing in pain , nate move in the shadow . the rain fall harder , drown out other noise . patrol could be anywhere . about to sprint to another alley , nate suddenly freeze and instinctively pull back into the dark just as a kgb lada cruise by . he inch out , look down the block --- kgb , more militia with flashlight and leash dog . the search for nate intensify exponentially ... frantically scan for he next move , nate spot a storm drain across the street -- a deluge flow into it . he hustle over , drop to he stomach and try to squeeze through the open -- but he do not quite fit . he wedge himself in , get stick -- the torrent of runoff water starting to drown he -- with he last bit of strength , nate pull himself through just as the kgb patrol past the alley , sweeping they light . int . sewer - moscow - continuous nate tumble 7 foot into the sewer --- old rusty rebar slice into he side before he splashes hard into a torrent of sewer water . he immediately vomit from the overwhelming stench . pull out a flashlight . the pipe run in either direction be only three foot in diameter , half full with water / sewage . with no choice , nate bite on the flashlight , start crawl through the pipe , shiver , struggle to keep he head above the rise river of shit . he crawl away from we , flashlight grow dimmer until we can no longer see it ... ext . STREET - moscow - continuous the kgb scour the area while question the militiamen . 17 . int . sewer - moscow - little later the pipe 's fill up --- nate can not keep he head above water and move at the same time . he stop , brace himself , peer back and ahead . flip on he back -- a deep breath -- and let go -- the torrent carry he away -- roughly spitting he into a cross - chamber -- come up with a gasp , nate try to orient himself before the raging current push he into another pipe -- he scramble to grab onto a brick wall and scratch he way to a iron ladder --- he latch onto it and pull himself up . nate hold himself , try to catch he breath . ext . STREET - moscow - minute later nate emerge from a sewer onto a wide commercial street . rain have abate . drain , freezing , he strain to pull the cover back over the manhole . he cut over to a side street . ext . side STREET - moscow - moment later nate hold he jacket up to the passenger window of a van and punch it in . he open the door , get in . int . van - side STREET - moment later nate zip up a dirty jump suit , he wet clothes in a pile . he rip out wire under the steering wheel , hotwire the van , crank the heat full blast , and start drive . int . / ext . van - tchaikovsky STREET - moscow - early morning early morning . nate turn onto tchaikovsky St. and run right into a gnarly traffic jam . he peer into the distance at the line of car wait to get into the US embassy . shit . ext . US embassy - moscow - continuous the large compound be surround by a tall brick wall top with razor wire . the entrance gate feature two checkpoint , the outer one manned by Soviet militiamen , the inner by US marine . a line of car slowly be wave through . the militiamen examine each car and trunk , check all occupant against a copy of nate 's diplomatic photo . kgb agent patrol along the line of back up car , look in window , they german shepherd sniff around . 18. int . / ext . van - tchaikovsky STREET - continuous nate 's try to figure out what to do . he look over to the embassy wall and be suddenly hit with a fuck idea --- he rip the wheel around , peel over the sidewalk and park flush alongside the embassy wall --- he grab he jacket --- and a canvas tarp --- from the back --- ext . U.S. embassy - moscow - continuous nate scramble to the roof of the van --- see a wave of militiamen and kgb agent scream towards he on the street --- he toss he ball - up jacket up over the wall , then throw the canvas tarp over the razor wire --- jump up , grab the top of the wall and use all he strength to pull himself up and over the wall --- ext . inside wall - US embassy - moscow - continuous nate drop down , land face first in a bush . a whole troop of US marine bum rush towards nate , mly draw --- marine ( in russian ) don't move ! don't move ! nate throw he hand up . recognize nate , marine # 1 wave the rest to stand down . marine#1 it 's nash , it 's nash . they all walk over to help he up , but simultaneously stop and recoil from he stench . marine#1 ( cont 'd ) goddamn , nash , you smell like the inside of a dead man 's ass . nate 's too blow out to do anything but smile and nod . lawrence welk elevator muzak carry we into --- int . CIA station - U.S. embassy - moscow - later a few case officer sit at desk along the wall . no window , just two cipher door at both end of a cramped shoe box room . the muzak on a stereo drown out the tele - type . batter but clean , nate sit at he desk stare at " the bubble " : a hermetically seal office float on a air - cushion platform . above its door be a illuminate red light bulb and a idle green bulb . 19 . the deputy chief of station be eyefuck nate from the next chair . deputy chief of station you think you be so fuck special , with you goof attitude , goof clothes --- neverend diplomatic pussy hunt . but I always know something like this be gonna happen . the light turn red to green . as nate get up , the deputy Chief cut he a hateful smile . nate yeah , well , Harry , no matter what happen in life , there 's always some asswipe who know it would . a few case officer chuckle . nate code open the bubble door --- int . cos office / " the bubble " - CIA station - minute later stare across he desk at nate be gordon gondorff , chief of moscow station , mid-forty , beleaguere . gondorff the d.o. have be scream over the wire , benford be apoplectic . ambassador 's get ream with call from the kremlin --- they want to declare you persona- non-grata . nate they can not png I . it 's against the rule . unless they can prove that I be out of pocket , they have get shit . gondorff the militia whose jaw you break id would you from the dip list --- nate it 's he word against mine --- gondorff even if I could stop they from boot you , how can I put you back on the street ? you will have half the goons from the 2nd and 7th directorate up you ass . too hot to operate , worthless . nate great ! the more resource they put on I , the more we can drain they . ( more ) 20 . nate ( cont 'd ) I will spend the next 6 month drive around Moscow circle - jerk they off . gondorff look , nash --- you do not need to worry . you hall file be not go to take a hit for this --- nate ( explode with rage ) my hall file !? you think I give a shit about that ? I have only one concern here . you understand ? one . gondorff 's nose start trickle blood . nate gesture -- nate ( cont 'd ) you get a nose bleed again . gondorff Fucking hermetically - seal air . gondorff pull a few tissue , stuff they in he nostril . he futze with he nose throughout the rest of the scene . gondorff ( cont 'd ) I appreciate that you care about marble , but benford do not . he 's uneasy with the emotional bond . nate the emotional bond be why I swim through a river of shit -- risk my life to get back here with the take . it 's why marble 's production have triple since I have have he in the harness . I be do good work here , Gordon . gondorff look , this incident aside , all of we activity with marble be go to have to be put on ice for the next 6 month to a year anyway --- nate what do you mean ? ( off gondorff 's resistance ) c'mon , Gordon , what 's go on ? gondorff the dci 's call a fuck play . ( more ) 21 . gondorff ( cont 'd ) he 's put a keyhole satellite over vorkuta . should be on station in 4 to 5 day and once it 's there , marble 's people be gonna know they have a problem . this send nate spin . nate but they already know what 's at vorkuta . marble tell they ! gondorff company 's in the shitter right now . Congress have we ball in a vice , the White House have a knife to we throat --- and Bush be a cunt . want to put some easy point on the board by give the president a ace in the hole for the salt talk --- nate why do not you tell I ? why do not you let I warn he ? gondorff I be give direct order by benford . he do not want to risk marble hold back on this latest take . overwhelm with rage and disgust , nate pop out of he chair . nate he 's gonna think I know . he 's gonna think I fuck he . gondorff that 's just it , nate , this be not about you . the sooner you come to term with that , the less painful this job 's go to be . nate the average survival rate for we agent here in Moscow be 11 month . marble 's be out in the wilderness give we everything for 16 year . and you guy treat he like a fuck dixie cup !? gondorff I reach out to marty gable , I know he 's you rabbi . if you want to be post to athen , he would love to have you . ( more ) 22 . gondorff ( cont 'd ) ( get up , offer hand ) thanks for all you work --- nate do not shake ... ext . lake - dacha - countryside outside of moscow - day a large dacha ( country house ) overlook a rollick retirement party for a gru General . Music , kid play , the top echelon of the Soviet complex get shitface ... amid the older heavies be the new wave : kgb lieutenant colonel ivanovich egorov , 36 , unconventionally attractive , modish groove , cool confidence . he play go and observe the action while hold court at a table of young kgb and gru shark . a military vehicle pull up to the party . egorov observe two uniformed officer get out and hurry to the most powerful person at the party , defense minister sergi grenchenko . take grenchenko aside , the officer give he displease news . angle on korch : seat on the grass , eye shut , bask in the sun . vera , early - 5as , radiantly cute , sit next to he . korch look over and see she smile at he and smile back , delighted to see she . he tenderly kiss she hand . korchnoi ( in russian ) Vera --- it 's so good to see you . how be you ? the child ? vera ( in russian ) I be much better -- larisa be still teach in St. Petersburg and svetlana 's six month pregnant --- korchnoi ( in russian ) wonderful ! vera ( in russian ) I just want to thank you . the letter you send after pavel die mean so much . know you would come through the loss of anya . ( beat ) you help I get through the worst of it . korchnoi ( in russian ) I be glad . charmingly awkward tension , like teenager . interrupted by a roar of jabbering , they turn toward a debauched retiring general dance and cry with a comrade . Vera chuckle ... 23 . korchnoi ( cont 'd ) do not laugh . a few more year and I suspect that will be I --- vera ( in russian ) and then what ? korchnoi ( in russian ) I do not know . it 's hard to imagine life outside the Aquarium . vera ( in russian ) ( sweet smile ) well perhaps I can help you --- see that korch be clueless , Vera take a brave breath , put she hand on he and lock eye with he . vera ( cont 'd ) come over for dinner ... his surprise flit to delight -- which melt away when he 's strike with the impossibility of it all . reading he resignation as rejection , Vera fight back she vulnerability . korch be about to apologize when a uniform soldier appear . gazing across the party at egorov as he watch korch and other powerful man head inside , sense something 's up . his suspicion be confirm when a soldier approach he . int . den - dacha - beat later egorov step into a cozy de and find korch ; general andre sokolov , first deputy chief of the gru ; two senior - level kgb deputy for counterintelligence and operation , and a deputy foreign minister . egorov 's kgb senior be irritate by he presence . unruffle by they vicious glare , he nod at they respectfully . grenchenko , the Defense Minister , rumble in , sit at a table with six chair --- everyone but egorov join he . in the center of the table , a basket of freshly - pick mushroom . grenchenko ( in russian ) I have just receive word that the Americans have position a keyhole over the vorkuta research complex --- easy to see that all but the dep. foreign Minister understand the ominous gravity of this revelation . deputy foreign minister ( in russian ) if I may ask , what kind of research ? 24 . grenchenko ( in russian ) multiple independently targetable reentry vehicle for heavy missile . deputy foreign minister ( in russian ) mirv be a direct violation of the salt treaty . if the Americans use this , it will undermine we position for the salt ii talk -- embarrass Chairman brezhnev -- grenchenko ( in russian ) ( cut he off ) yes yes , I be not interested in discuss the consequence right now , only the cause --- of which there can only be one . pick a mushroom from the basket , grenchenko pull out a pocket knife and slice it into piece . grenchenko ( in russian ) we have be compromise . and determination must be make before I can brief the committee --- ( eat piece of mushroom ) be this a technical breach ? have we communication be penetrate ? or --- do we have a mole ? the table contemplate . no one want speak first . korch , especially uptight , throw a acid glare at the kgb guy . korchnoi ( in russian ) how many year have I be warning you about this ? how many report have I submit about just such a breach ? kgb deputy counterintel ( in russian ) yes , Vladimir korchnoi , but we find no conclusive evidence to support you concern . sokolov ( in russian ) and now , comrade , be a american satellite conclusive enough for you ? kgb deputy operation ( in russian ) vorkuta be a military program , over which you assert complete primacy . grenchenko ( in russian ) enough . if anyone else point a finger , I will cut if off . I want a determination . 25 . sokolov ( in russian ) ( after a beat ) vorkuta be one of we most secure program . everyone there be quarantine . only a handful of the senior level be even aware of its existence . ( beat ) the probability be much higher for a technical penetration --- grenchenko look at the kgb deputy counterintel . kgb deputy counterintel ( in russian ) we be inclined to agree with this initial assessment --- egorov ( in russian ) what about this affair last week with the american op officer , nash ? everyone turn to egorov . kgb guy furious that he speak . grenchenko ( in russian ) be there a connection ? egorov ( in russian ) aside from the proximity of this event --- nash go to extraordinary length to return to station --- risk he life on several occasion . korchnoi ( in russian ) so what of it ? egorov ( in russian ) I do not believe he would have go to such extreme to protect a mere line tap . only a vital asset . kgb deputy counterintel ( in russian ) have you read we assessment of nash ? the man be a sex fiend , a marginal operator --- egorov ( in russian ) a marginal operator who manage to outwit a 65 - man detail , evade a full - scale roundup and be out of pocket for more than 12 hour . the kgb man look like they want to eat egorov alive . kgb deputy counterintel ( in russian ) yes , I read the report , and while noteworthy , I do not agree there 's a connection . ( more ) 26 . kgb deputy counterintel ( in russian ) ( look atc@n@ibhenko ) we resource would be better serve focus on a technical breach . grenchenko ( in russian ) I want new security protocol implement for every organ of the apparatus --- and you action regime on my desk by tomorrow afternoon . ( dismiss everyone ) that 's it . everyone get up and head towards the door ... defense minister ivanovich egorov . I would like a word . korch eye egorov intently as he exit room with the rest . ext . dacha - beat later as the man from the meeting leave , korch pull sokolov aside . korchnoi ( in russian ) this upstart , egorov , who be he ? sokolov ( in russian ) the dark prince ? vanya egorov 's son --- korchnoi ( in russian ) kruschev 's hatchet man at the Center ? sokolov ( in russian ) ( nod ) vanya keep a ledger of everyone 's dirty secret . and when he retire , he give it to he son --- who have use it most effectively . korchnoi ( in russian ) I would like to see everything we have on he . int . den - dacha - continuous egorov stand casually at attention in front of grenchenko . egorov ( in russian ) a technical breach leave they all blameless --- the easy way out . grenchenko ( in russian ) no one want to contemplate a penetration of the top echelon --- ( more ) 27 . grenchenko ( in russian ) ( cont 'd ) to hunt for such a traitor , be to hunt ourselves , which could cause much more damage than the mole --- egorov ( in russian ) be you say we can not pursue this ? grenchenko ( in russian ) I be say that most be content to take the good lie over the bad truth . egorov ( in russian ) not I . grenchenko eye egorov coldly , realize what he 's say . defense minister ( in russian ) if you do this and fail , nothing can protect you --- egorov ( in russian ) and when I succeed ? defense minister ( in russian ) what do you want ? egorov ( in russian ) a seat at the table . int . makeshift darkroom - day David bowie 's " quicksand " on a stereo in the next room . close on a huge piece of blank photo paper in a tub of developer , under the hue of a red safety light . a black and white image materialize ... we only catch a glimpse ... pull back to a small home photo lab . tatiana egorov , early 20 , pixie hair , artist vibe , in jeans and t-shirt , look on . a timer ring . she transfer the photo to a stop bath . appraise she work , she smile excitedly . int . bathroom - dom' apartment - moscow - continuous dom , wear only panty , stand at the sink , washcloth and soap in hand . the water be run . she stare at the bathtub -- lose in the trauma- trance of a bad memory . tati ( 0.s. , in russian ) domi --- come here ! ... domi --- dom do not notice tati come in and give she a worried look . tati give she big sister a deep hug from behind . 28 . tati ( cont 'd ) I want to show you something --- int . live room - dom' apartment - moscow - moment later as tati lead dom into a spacious , bohemian room , we see the wall be cover with tati 's photo : of they family , they life , and many of a young dom as a ballet dancer . tati direct dom to the photo drying on a line : a Diane arbus - like portrait of a big old , rough - and - tumble Russian woman with no leg in a wheelchair , laugh so hard she 's cry . anxious about dom 's opinion , tati light a cigarette . absolutely enthralled by the photo , dom snap out of she spell and we see she smile for the first time . dom ( in russian ) it 's wonderful --- tati ( in russian ) really ? dom ( in russian ) the depth and detail of the moment --- the joy triumphing over the tragedy -- tati ( in russian ) you be move by anything break or crippled --- dom ( in russian ) it 's how we all truly be , be not it ? ( teary look at tati ) I love it . one of you best . the sister share a smile of gratitude and love for each other . dom put she arm around tati , kiss she on the head . a knock on the door . tati flit over and look through the peep hole , go rigid . turn to dom . tati ( in russian ) it 's Ivan . dom frost over . she turn the music off . dom ( in russian ) say you hello and then leave . she disappear into the other room as tati open the door , allow a casually dress egorov inside , a leather folio under he arm . he give she a hug and kiss . egorov ( in russian ) tati , how be you ? you look well . 29 . tati ( in russian ) as do you , cousin . egorov spot the hang photo , smile . egorov ( in russian ) this be for you next show ? tati ( in russian ) yes . egorov ( in russian ) you be so gift . egorov notice dom return , now in clothes . he smile warmly at tati and pluck the cigarette from she hand . egorov ( in russian ) ( cont 'd ) I just wish you would quit smoking . you sister work too hard to ensure that you get the best care for a medical condition that be only exacerbate by cigarettes . tati ( in russian ) I will try . egorov ( in russian ) good . tati throw dom a worried glance and split . dom ( in russian ) what bring you here on a Sunday ? egorov ( in russian ) a cup of tea would be nice . later : dom be sit at the table , poring over file from the folio , while egorov meander around the apartment , peruse the picture of dom on the wall . he stop at a family photo , when dom and egorov be in they teens --- egorov ( in russian ) ( cont 'd ) I miss the family summer at the lake in kirzac . he turn to dom with a subtle , carnal look . egorov ( in russian ) ( cont 'd ) fond memory --- dom know that he 's eyeing she , but she do not look up . 30 . egorov ( in russian ) base on what you see , how would you appraise this man nash ? dom ( in russian ) he 's a competent operator whose talent lie in make we believe he be incompetent . egorov nod in agreement and take a seat next to dom . egorov ( in russian ) we have a penetration of the top - echelon , a mega-mole . and I suspect that nash be the handler . dom ( in russian ) you be not counter Intelligence . egorov ( in russian ) this would be a special project , outside of they purview . dom ( in russian ) so they be not pursue he ? egorov ( in russian ) they be focus they attention on a technical breach . ( beat ) rumor have it nash have be post to athen --- I would like you to go there and make a appraisal . pattern , pathology , vulnerability , leverage . can he be approach ? manipulate ? be he still operational with he Moscow asset ? ( hard look ) get under he skin . dom ( in russian ) I be a operation officer --- egorov ( in russian ) that be also train as a sparrow --- dom ( in russian ) ( nod , hateful contempt ) of course --- egorov ( in russian ) the world make whore of we all ... ( off she look ) I be only interested in the expedient result . how you choose to get it be entirely you discretion . 31 . dom ( in russian ) you still have confidence in I after Brussels ? egorov ( in russian ) absolutely . while you be not successful in convert the target into a asset , the outcome be still extremely beneficial to we . egorov pack up the file back into he folio . egorov ( in russian ) ( cont 'd ) you will be naked . no diplomatic status , work without the knowledge of the athen rezident --- dom ( in russian ) I do not know the city , the language . I can not operate without any support --- egorov ( in russian ) I have arrange resource and support through a illegal apparat . they be already look for he . egorov stand to leave . egorov ( in russian ) ( cont 'd ) do this and you have my word --- the Center will never put you on you back again . cross to the door , egorov open it , turn to dom . egorov ( in russian ) ( cont 'd ) I can expect you at yasenevo tonight ? dom nod . ext . apartment build - sretensky blvd - beat later tati 's hang on the front step of a building with a group of friend . she 's smoking , uptight , look down the block --- she watch as egorov exit she apartment building , get on he motorcycle and peel away . she start to head back home . int . dom' bedroom - apartment - minute later tati come in , see dom pack clothes into a suitcase - -- tati ( in russian ) but you only just get back ... ( off dom 's silence ) for how long this time ? 32 . dom ( in russian ) I do not know . tati ( in russian ) please , domi , do not go --- dom ( in russian ) I have to . tati ( in russian ) why ? dom ( in russian ) you know I can not discuss it --- tati ( in russian ) every time you go away , you come back with less of yourself --- ( tear in she eye ) I be always terrify --- that one day you will come back and there will be nothing leave of you --- pull tati into hug , dom try to restrain she own emotion . tati ( in russian ) ( cont 'd ) I would rather be sick and struggle than to live with this . whatever it be you do , I do not want you do it for I --- dom abruptly break the embrace , force tati to look at she . dom ( in russian ) I be not . ext . MAIN deck - ferry - ionian sea - continuous the deck of a car ferry from Italy . nate 's kick it on the hood of he beat - up lancia fulvia $ 3 , gaze out at the majestic Greek coast . a stun day , everything wide open . ext . port of patras - immigration - greece - little later nate pull he lancia into the immigration station , on which hang a " welcome to Greece ! " sign in various language . he park , get out and approach the immigration officer inside . ext . road - peloponnese - greece - late afternoon the lancia cruise a picturesque country road . cresting a hill , nate pull over , get out and admire the view . a half mile ahead , the ancient ruin of corinth ignite by the set sun and the sparkling Gulf of corinth . 33 . ext . korinthios harbor - peloponnese - night a sleepy fishing harbor . nate amble up to a quaint waterfront cafe , scan the candlelit patio --- and then a loud whistle . nate lock onto a stocky man get up from he table where another man be seat . clearly drunk , the stocky guy lumber towards he , suddenly trip on a crack and fall into a empty table -- the man and table crash to the ground . nate come over , grin down at marty gable , the CIA 's deputy Chief of Station for athen . in he late 40' , gable 's a grizzle chain -smoke , hard - drink pit bull from the bronx . nate Jesus , gable . think you would have for sure take a tit job on the 7th floor by now --- gable and become a fuck cake eater ? never . nate help he up and they bear hug it out . gable lead nate back to where jame forsyth , the CIA 's Chief of Station for athen , be seat . forsyth , 5as , be lace curtain irish : suit and tie , practical , intelligent . the man be do with dinner . gable ( cont 'd ) this be the Chief , Jim forsyth forsyth ( shake with nate ) welcome to Greece . as they sit , gable see forsyth appraise nate . forsyth ( cont 'd ) I like what I read in you hall - file . and marty 's obviously tell I a lot about you . ( beat ) Heard you have a rough ride out of Moscow . nate oh yeah ? forsyth benford call --- warn I against bring you on . gable forget benford . guy 's get no ball . nate tell I about it --- 34 . gable no , literally , he have no ball --- get ‘em blow off in Korea . never trust a cock who can not cum . nate just shake he head at gable . look to forsyth --- nate I appreciate the opportunity . forsyth you hear what happen to we here in athen back in December ? nate the Welch hit ? gable guy come home from a movie with he wife -- the godfather of all thing -- and get gun down on he doorstep . a fuck Chief of Station ! forsyth first time in the history of the company . gable ( sneeze ) no love lose --- I hate Welch 's gut . best thing you can say about the prick be that he be cheap --- but that 's besides the point . forsyth this be a street thing . nobody grease one of we people , let alone a chief , and get away with it --- nate I hear it be carry out by a radical lefty terrorist group --- gable call themselves November 17th --- after the bloody uprising at polytechnic University in ' 73 --- be sorta like this country 's Kent State --- nate student do the hit ? kid ? 35 . forsyth yeah , student back and train by the sove --- they be use this kid as provocateur . gable they be punk , but smart punk . fucker rob bank and move heroin to finance they operation --- nate so why have not you roll they up ? forsyth we have try , but Moscow 's get deep hook into Greek intelligence . and it 's be impossible to develop we own asset on the street . gable every one of we guy who 's try to work this scene have get make the second he walk in the door -- they be all too fuck square -- and this kid can smell that shit a mile away -- ( grin at nate ) but you , you do not look or stink like a spook . maybe they do not see you come . forsyth we want you to stay away from the station , the embassy , dip circuit --- anyplace that any of we hang out at be out of bound for you . gable all we want you to do be work this kid , develop we some asset . nate I be not a noc . gable we be not ask you to be . you will not be on the dip list , but we fix it so you have immunity . forsyth marty will brief you on the rest of the detail . good luck . forsyth get up , shake with nate and walk out . once he 's go . gable wobble to he foot , drop the bill on nate. 36 . gable pay the fuck bill and let 's go --- ext . STREET - korinthios harbor - minute later gable throw a sympathetic arm around nate as they stroll down a quiet street . gable so I guess Moscow really fuck you up in the head , huh ? nate it would anyone . gable feeling a little down and out ? ( off nate 's nod , thunder ) well if you be look for sympathy , the only place you will find it be in the dictionary , somewhere between shit and syphilis ! anyone who 's worth anything have flame out of station at one time or another . it 's how you come back that make you --- so get you head outta you ass and back into the game and ring the fuck go on this thing . nate wow , that be some pep talk ... reaching he car , gable take out he key , unlock trunk . gable hey , all the reason they hate you in Moscow be why we love you here . make the most of it . gable open the trunk and nate 's stunne by what 's inside . nate the fuck be this !? camera whip pan with gable to the trunk revealing a short fat man whose arm , leg and mouth have all be duct -tape . gable Holy shit ! mooky ! forget all about you . the man thrashes about , try to yell through the tape --- gable punch he in the face . 37 . gable ( cont 'd ) shut you dick - trap and relax . you will get a chance to open it soon enough . nate shaking he head at gable in disbelief . nate Fucking gable --- some people live and learn --- you just live . gable grab a gym bag out of the trunk , slam it shut and flash nate a sheepish grin and shrug . gable what else be I gonna do on a Saturday night ? ( hand nate the bag ) everything you need to get start . get in behind the wheel , gable start the car and roll down he window . gable ( cont 'd ) you be gonna love it here in athen --- great food , a lotta action and dirt - cheap whore --- ( cautionary fingerwag ) just do not ever go down on any of ‘em -- be like suck cock by proxy . with that gable tear out into the street , leave nate stand there with the bag . ext . tarmac - ellinikon int'l airport - athens , greece - day dom step off a plane , look bohemian chic ... int . ellinikon int'l airport - athens , greece - minute later dom hand a swiss passport to a immigration officer -- name on it be dominique junet . he thumb through it . stamp it . int . apartment - monastiraki - athens - later dom drag she bag into a small but pretty apartment . she take the place in and be pleased . she open the door to a small balcony , she eye electric as she take in the spectacular view --- the hard white light , the stark contrast of ruin amid the bustling metropolis , lykavittos Hill and the acropolis loom in the distance . ext . omonia square - athens - dusk dom stand at a news kiosk across from the square , peruse the periodicals while keep a eye on the swirl of traffic . 38 . glancing at the clock , 7:01 --- dom head to the curb and wave a approach taxi , it pull over --- she get in . int . taxi - athens - continuous dom find elena nikos sit in the back . Elena , mid-30s , be earthy , soulful - look and 5 month pregnant . paulos , 20 , with a beard and long hair , be drive . next to paulos be GEORGE nikos , 5as , Elena 's swarthy pig of a husband . he eye dom with a mix of desire and disdain --- want to fuck she but not take order from she . dom ( french accent ) Dominique . elena Elena nikos --- ( indicate ) my husband , George . paulos --- paulos pull into traffic --- dom vibing a whole lot of tension and suspicion in the car --- dom you last communique indicate he arrive by ferry through patras on the 12th --- GEORGE yes , but we only find he three day ago . dom he 's be here for almost 2 week --- what take you so long ? GEORGE ( angrily snap ) we cover the hotel , the american Club , safe-house -- he have not be to the embassy -- have yet to be file on the diplomatic list --- elena but immigration register he car , which we finally locate in the exarcheia district , where he 's take a room --- among the " ist " . dom " ist " ? 39 . GEORGE anarchist , student activist , revolutionist , communist , terrorist --- they all call the exarcheia home . dom show I . ext./ int . taxi - exarcheia - athens - a little later the taxi navigate the rough and tumble street of exarcheia , the heart of the city 's counter - culture scene . anti - imperialist / anti-american graffiti and poster everywhere ... paulos he know the language , be familiar with the city . he 's pose as one of they , a " ist " --- spend he day at record and book shop , university campuse --- he night at the club , gallery and cafe --- GEORGE there 's only one reason why a CIA would settle here . he 's talent spot . hunting for a access agent . ( scoff ) a fool 's errand . the people here distrust Americans almost as much as they despise fascist . no one will go anywhere near he ... the taxi slow as they approach a tree-line street of dilapidate apartment building . paulos he 's in the pink building . dom look out at a three - story pink neo-classical building as they pass by nate 's street . GEORGE so what be this to be , a honeytrap ? dom shoot he a severe look . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) well this be what you be , yes ? elena George --- stop it . George throw a menace look at Elena to keep she mouth shut , then turn back to dom. 40 . GEORGE the Center activate we outside the normal channel , order we to operate without the knowledge of either we line N control or the rezident . why ? dom it 's not for you to question this directive , only to follow they . GEORGE do you really think I have survive this long by blindly follow any order give to I ? dom no . you have survive this long because we have allow you to . remember that . ( turn to Elena ) we will start with pattern , proclivity , movement analysis . and we will need a location to work from . CUT to : close on opened dossier of lt . colonel ivanovich egorov : the turn page of a dossier chronicle egorov 's family --- career ascent in the kgb -- assassination , torture , sabotage , etc . News clipping and photo painting a disturbing portrait --- int . korchnoi be office - aquarium / gru hq - moscow - continuous korch sit at he desk , smoking , flipping through this thick file , uptight . he rest he cigarette in a ashtray . he shut the file , light another cig , but realize he still have a light one in the tray . he stomp one out . korch pace anxiously . finally he grab one of the 8 phone on he desk --- korchnoi ( in russian ) I would like he in my office , now . yes . where be he ? no --- I will go myself . int . conference room - the aquarium - minute later a small auditorium with window overlook khondia airfield . a impose colonel stand in front of a film screen address thirty EIGHT young , freshly - mint gru officer . colonel ( in russian ) look out the window . the smokestack , you all know what it mean . the young officer look to the lone building with a large brick smokestack on top , the tinge of fear in they eye . 41 . colonel ( in russian ) ( cont 'd ) it 's a ruble to get into the gru --- it be two to get out . this be something you must never forget . the Colonel push a button on a console , black out curtain cover the window , the room go dark -- a scratch , black& white film play with no sound : a middle - aged man , terrify , secure to a stretcher --- this man be colonel oleg penkovsky . colonel ( in russian ) ( cont 'd ) penkovsky forget . penkovsky think he be smarter than we . but we catch he just as we do all traitor . and if you betray we , you will end as he do --- on the conveyer belt . penkovsky be position foot first on a conveyer belt that feed into a roaring furnace . the belt be switch on and he start inching towards he fate -- silently shrieking , brutally slamming he head back -- strain with every muscle to escape , tearing he own tendon , bursting blood vessel , nose bleed -- penkovsky 's foot slide into the flame . as the officer in the room watch in horror , korch watch with a fatalistic resignation . the Colonel stride around the room to korch , salute and then cut a smile . korchnoi ( in russian ) you still love scare the shit out they , do not you ? colonel ( in russian ) they will remember this more than the word . ( beat ) what bring you down here ? korchnoi ( in russian ) I need a recommendation --- for a discreet trace and surveil --- colonel ( in russian ) where ? korchnoi ( in russian ) athen . ext . street - exarcheia , athens - day nate sweat he ball off in brutal heat as he make he way through the down and dirty street of the exarcheia --- a watermelon in one arm and a grocery bag in the other . 42 . ext . nate' STREET - exarcheia , athens - minute later nate turn onto he block . people be hang out on they stoops in the tree-shade , try to beat the heat . he cross to the step of he building . the old super and he buddy sit under a tree by the stoop play backgammon . kick it on the step be luka kostas --- early - 20 , groovy student / artist vibe . he 's sketching something on a pad . hiking up the stoop nate collapse onto the step above luka , who hardly acknowledge he , and catch he breath ... nate Jesus . City 's like a oven . have no idea athen get so fuckin ' hot --- nate peek over luka 's shoulder , see he 's sketching the face of a stun brunette . luka ignore he . look across the street , nate see the brunette , alexa , on she building 's step gossipe with she college friend zoe and thyia , all free love flower girl . nate ( cont 'd ) at it again , huh ? one of this day you should really just talk to she --- annoy , luka glance back at nate and close he book . nate ( cont 'd ) hey , if it scare you , it might be a good thing to try . luka take out a joint , spark up . the Super yell at he in Greek to stop -- luka just take another hit . he can see nate eyeing the joint longingly with a grin but ignore he . nate ( cont 'd ) Fine . then you do not get any of my watermelon . nate cut a piece of watermelon . slurp as he eat it -- try to annoy luka --- and it 's work . nate ( cont 'd ) so what be you up to tonight ? ( off luka 's silence ) that 's cool . I ? I be gonna go to the movie by myself , have dinner with nobody , maybe get a drink alone . then come home and beat off --- only question be --- ( eye wander ) who be I be gonna beat it out to ? ( more ) 43 . nate ( cont 'd ) ( lock onto alexa , grin ) hey , you do not mind if I borrow one of that drawing of yours , do you ? luka know nate 's try to tune he up , will not take the bait . nate ( cont 'd ) this fuck heat be unbearable . luka maybe you should go back to America --- nate ( hard look luka ) I would if I could --- nate see this pique luka 's interest . but nate 's attention be draw across the street . a light bulb go off . he head to he car , pop the trunk , rifle around , pull out a wrench . nate strut past the curious girl , stop at a fire hydrant and tighten the wrench around its bolt . super ( in greek ) what be you do ? you can not do that . heaving on the wrench with all he strength , he emit wild , primal grunt . everyone eye he like he 's crazy . the bolt give . a geyser rocket up . nate bask under the downpour . the kide be the first to join he , then the girl and finally people from all over the block . nate return to the stoop , soak , a shit -eate grin , sit next to luka , who 's not give nate anything . nate you know something , chico , you would probably like I if you have the ball . a soaking wet alexa and the voluptuous thyia skip over and greet nate and luka with smile . alexa hey ... nate hey yourself . alexa thanks for do this . it 's wonderful . nate do not thank I --- ( more ) 44 , nate ( cont 'd ) ( gesture to luka ) it be luka 's idea . alexa so why be you still sit here ? c'mon . alexa and thyia return to the water --- beckone luka and nate to come . luka give nate a grin , hand he the joint and join they . nate smile as luka gambol with the girl under the water . CUT to : Pov camera : snap shot of nate ... int . observation post - apartment - exarcheia - continuous a rundown , 5th floor apartment diagonal to nate 's building . in T-shirt and short , a sweaty dom stand behind a tripod - mount , long -len camera aim through a rag hole in the curtain , which be half - draw in front of open balcony door . dom wear headphone connect to a sophisticated , tripod mount shotgun / laser microphone aim at nate through another curtain hole . the mic be also wire to a tape recorder . George watch nate through binocular , shirt open . dom give he a look that say " guess you be wrong . " GEORGE so he 's more original than most . we will see how far he get . on the wall behind dom be a map of athen with pin indicate location nate have be --- and various surveillance photo . snap a few shot , she step away from the camera , make note on a pad of paper . George eye she lecherously . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I can see why they send you . he step towards she , swipe a finger down she arm to wipe off some sweat . dom just continue to jot note . dom what about you wife ? you unborn child ? George step even closer . 45 . GEORGE the Center arrange we marriage . the baby be not mine . he slide he hand over dom 's crotch . she look at he , coolly , completely disconnect . he pathetically try to arouse she , but it 's not do anything . dom be you do ? humiliate , George pull away . GEORGE bitch . dom just return she attention to nate . dom the garbage in the kitchen 's beginning to smell . take it out . George grudgingly follow she order . ext . nate' STREET - exarcheia - night luka , alexa and four of she girlfriend from the stoop be wait outside . luka yell up to a second floor apartment . luka nate , come on . nate ( pop head out window ) yeah --- on my way . int . nate' apartment - exarcheia - continuous a spartan studio flat with a kitchenette and bathroom . nate move to the entry alcove . place a small ball bear along a groove in the floor , about 15 inch in front of the door . nate slip out the door without disturbing the ball bear . ext . build roof - exarcheia - moment later George be on a rooftop on the corner of nate 's block . use binocular , he watch nate , luka and the girl turn onto a bigger street , join a flow of kide move in the same direction . George call into he walkie talkie . ext . polytechnic university - later nate , luka and the girl be among the stream of people enter the campus of athen polytechnic University . nate notice a lot of people carry anti-american poster ... 46 . nate think we be go to a concert . luka yes . the concert 's after the rally . ( off nate 's look ) do not worry , it 's cool --- but if anyone ask , you be canadian . camera pan to paulos embed in the throng , watch nate and the other enter the campus . int . observation post - apartment - exarcheia - little later Elena put down she radio , turn to dom . elena they're at the polytechnic rally , but paulos have lose sight of they --- dom grab she purse and leave . ext . nate' apartment build - exarcheia - moment later dom cross the street and enter nate 's apartment building ... int . entry - nate' apartment build - continuous dom hear the tv in the Super 's apartment . removing she sandal , she creep up the creaky step to the 2nd floor . int . hallway - nate' apartment build - continuous move to nate 's door dom pull a small flashlight and magnify glass from she purse , scan around the doorframe -- stop when she find nate 's trip : a strand of hair stick across the gap between the door and the frame . dom pull tape from she purse , tear a tiny strip , and place it over the hair . she then retrieve lock pick tool , quickly pick the lock , nudge the door open and slip inside . int . nate' apartment - exarcheia - continuous dom step into the middle of the flat , take everything in . pull out a Polaroid , dom rotate as she photograph every inch of the place . ext . MAIN quad - polytechnic university - later nate , luka and the girl be among thousand of young people cramme into the quad face a stage with banner tout the rally sponsor : the Communist youth of Greece or kne . the young , passionate kne leader on stage give a fiery speech -- riling the crowd up . a dormant rock band wait behind he . 47 . nate what 's he go off about ? luka there be a big march on the american embassy in a few week --- we want the U.S. military basis out of Greece --- a pack of 6 anarchist thug , more hardcore than everyone else , aggressively push through the crowd . as they pass , luka recognize the pack leader , christos --- nate clearly recognize he too . luka ( cont 'd ) christos ! luka reach out to grab christos in a friendly way , but get shove back so hard by one of the thug that he fall on he ass . nate jump in and deck the guy --- four of the other thug move on nate and a brawl erupt . nate , screwhead gleam in he eye , enjoy scrapping it up . luka and christos break it up . luka pull nate away , christos pull he guy back while nate and the thug he suckerpunch shout at each other --- luka ( cont 'd ) it 's okay , it 's okay , he 's with my cousin . he just do not know I . nate you cousin ? luka just wait here . do not do anything . nate watch luka cross over to christos and they hug it out . alexa and the girl approach nate , concerned . alexa be you okay ? nate I be fine , I be fine . christos eye nate while have a heat discussion with luka about he . his thug throw dangerous glare . christos and luka share a soul brother handshake and christos and he crew disappear into the crowd . luka return to nate , fear in he eye , shaking he head . nate ( cont 'd ) what ? the guy toss you on you ass , I be just try to help . 48 . luka I appreciate that , but you have no idea who you just mess with --- nate yeah ? so then tell I --- what 's they deal ? luka let 's just forget about it , okay ? it 's over . int . nate' apartment - later kitchen : icebox , shelf , drawer , etc . under the sink dom find serious water damage from leaky old pipe . closet : dom spritzes nppd spydust on nate 's clothing and shoe . bathroom : dom check toilet , sink . for loose tile . in nate 's dopp kit : condom , bottle of dexedrine , valium . ext . MAIN quad - polytechnic university - later on stage , the kne leader wrap up he speech , militantly wave he fist and chant in Greek " out with the USA !!! " the crowd join in , fist in the air . a militant unfurl a american flag on stage . the kne leader set it ablaze -- the crowd roar in approval just as the band erupt into a Greek cover of Zeppelin 's " Dancing day . " the frenzied place go insane , dance , jump , scream ... nate take in the scene : daze , confuse and disturb . int . nate' apartment - later bedroom : dom look through nate 's backpack . nothing worthwhile . about to return it , she feel the thickness of the shoulder strap , inspect they . find a hide seam , carefully open it and stashed in the pad be a wad of cash and nate 's diplomatic passport . in the other strap , another wad of cash and a mugshot , of luka 's cousin , christos . bedstand area : a european playboy on top of a stack of book . she photograph each before flipping through they , increasingly surprised . she photograph the last book , pavel markova 's poem , in Russian . she look at it curiously , but do not recognize it . dom reach into she purse for she radio . call in . dom ( into radio ) status ? 49 . elena ( over radio ) it 's over , but paulos still do not have he but --- dom ( into radio ) understood ... ext . STREET - exarcheia - continuous luka , alexa and the girl all chat as they meander through the neighborhood . thyia notice nate off to the side , quiet . thyia we do not hate America , just you government --- luka and who can blame we ? Greece be the birthplace of democracy --- and what do you government do ? they undermine papandreou and support the junta -- fuck fascist ! do you have any idea how many people be kill and torture under the reign of the colonel ? thyia and still you government continue : in chile , Iran , Vietnam , Cambodia --- alexa please , enough of the politics ! can we all just go and do something fun ? zoe let 's go watch the sunrise at anavissos . nate we can take my car . just need to stop and grab my key . excite , the girl hurry ahead chat . luka hang back , put a apologetic hand on nate 's shoulder . luka sorry , man --- I just --- nate it 's cool , I get it . why do you think I leave ? int . nate' apartment - minute later dom check the flat against she Polaroid . satisfied , she put they in she purse and move to the entry alcove . 50 . she swing open the door -- and knock the ball bear into motion . dom hear it rolling . see the tiny ball , she seize with the dread realization that she just hit a second trip . close the door , she pick up the ball , try to figure out where it be place , but there 's no way to know . she 's fuck . suddenly strike by a idea -- dom move to the kitchen area and kneel under the sink ... ext . build roof - exarcheia - moment later look far down the cross street , George spot nate and the group approach , call into he radio . int . nate' apartment build - moment later as dom hurry down the stair , she can hear the Super inside he apartment excitedly stomping about cursing to himself . p.o.v. surveillance camera - continuous watch dom leave nate 's , cross the street and disappear down the block . camera Pov pan down block , lock onto the shape of nate and gang as they turn onto street and head towards we . int . observation post - apartment - exarcheia - moment later Elena peer into camera . dom rush in , Elena look up --- elena what take you --- !? dom there be a ball bear --- Elena do not understand . dom dash over to the shotgun mic --- in she rush to grab the headphone , she accidentally knock over the mic tripod . as she scramble to pick it up --- dom ( cont 'd ) he set a second trip on the inside of the door -- I do not see it --- int . nate' build / apartment - minute later nate and luka walk to he flat . notice the hair be go , nate subtly tense up . he put he key into the lock , realize the door 's already open ... the man share a look as they enter . in the alcove they see water on the floor -- hear grunt and tool scraping . stepping into the flat they find more water and the Super under the sink try to clamp a leak pipe . 51 . nate what the hell be this ? what happen ? int . observation post - apartment - continuous dom hold the mic like a gun , aim the scope through the curtain hole on nate 's apartment window . Elena 's right next to she with the headphone so they can both listen ... super ( over headphone ) pipe leak again ! Water come through my ceiling --- now please , help --- hold this tight so I can stop --- Elena take a breath of relief . dom lower the mic , set the tripod back on its leg . although a crisis be avert --- dom 's still coiled with acute tension , furious with herself ... elena Quick think --- dom I be lucky --- elena luck be the residue of skill , experience . I never would have think of this ruse --- dom I never should have miss it --- elena you be be too hard on yourself --- dom if I be not , they will be . Elena be strike by the intensity of dom 's self - rage and fear . dom quickly collect herself , grab she purse , take out the stack of Polaroid --- lay out a photo of christos 's mugshot . dom ( cont 'd ) do he look familiar ? elena his name be christos kostas . he have be involved in several para-militant group in athen . last I hear , he be align with November 17th --- ext./ int . cafeteria - gru ho / aquarium - moscow - night a weary korch sit alone finish dinner . he see sokolov , the first deputy Chief of the gru from the earlier meeting , carry a tray , look like a condemn man . 52 . gesture sokolov to sit , korch eye he with concern . korchnoi ( in russian ) how go the hunt ? sokolov ( in russian ) I be a blind man in a dark room look for a black hat that be not there . ( off korch 's look ) we be go through everything , sweeping every trunk line , flush the system with snare -- and nothing . ( lean in , grave ) I be beginning to fear we might have to confront the reality of a mole . korchnoi ( in russian ) any way I can help ? sokolov ( in russian ) not with this , but there be something --- you have hear of the walk - in in Istanbul ? korchnoi ( in russian ) the german engineer . I hear the taste of intel he give we be impressive . sokolov ( in russian ) Beyond impressive . unprecedent . but he list of demand before he disclose anything else be preposterous . they get greedier and greedier every time . korchnoi ( in russian ) better than a shit -eater volunteering to help we for free , no ? sokolov manage a derisive smile . sokolov ( in russian ) kaminsky be suppose to fly there and vet he , but he ulcer be bleed again . could you do it ? korchnoi ( in russian ) I do not know . I be overwhelm right now too . when ? sokolov ( in russian ) it be suppose to be in 10 day , but we can try to work it around you schedule . 53 . korchnoi ( in russian ) let I see . ext . lubyanka square - moscow - early morning Morning traffic swirl in front of the kgb 's neo- baroque headquarters . egorov on he motorcycle zip past the line of lada limo enter the secure parking --- and head down the street to a nondescript kgb administrative building . int . corridor - kgb administrative build - minute later carry a large pastry box in hand , egorov head down a basement hall to a secure door . he type in a code to the keypad lock --- the door buzze open and he enter ... int . egorov' command CENTER - continuous the mole hunt command center be a large , open room cluttere with desk , file cabinet , and cot . the wall be cover with various investigative matrix , link diagram , etc . one wall be dedicated to the eight remain suspect with they photo at the top of a long column of key biographical data . egorov 's 2nd in command , lieutenant boris kosolov direct a team of five weary young analyst evaluate ream of data . give the pastry to he team , egorov look to kosolov . egorov ( in russian ) so --- nicoleyevsky ? kosolov ( in russian ) no. egorov ( in russian ) but he hold so much promise . motive , access , the hubris . kosolov ( in russian ) but not the opportunity . we finish reconciling he movement with the timeline --- too many discrepancy . it 's not he . I be sorry . egorov ( in russian ) do not be . Elimination be still progress . take he off the board . kosolov nod to one of the analyst nearby . egorov ( in russian ) ( cont 'd ) anything come in on the wire ? kosolov ( in russian ) early this morning ... 54 . egorov unlock the door and enter he office --- the analyst take nicoleyevsky 's photo and info off the board . two column over be korchnoi 's photo and profile . int . egorov' office - continuous a small , spartan space . egorov move to a hulk computer / telex terminal with a flash indicator . he take a key from around he neck , insert it and turn . type ina command . the printer start chugge out a message . ripping it off the printer egorov sit at he immaculate desk and after read it carefully , make some note . he wave the wait kosolov into he office . kosolov ( in russian ) Word from athen ? egorov slide he the telex printout . kosolov read it . kosolov ( in russian ) ( cont 'd ) the collect poem of pavel markova . and in Russian no less . interesting . ( off egorov 's look ) his volume be impossible to find in Moscow . most be purge . egorov ( in russian ) that 's hardly the meat of it --- ( snatch telex back ) but the fact that nash be focus on this useful idiot , November 17 , could be advantageous . kosolov ( in russian ) how so ? egorov ( in russian ) if she be unable to get what we need she way , this give we the cover for another option . surprise , kosolov throw he a grave look , be you serious ? egorov ( in russian ) ( cont 'd ) a deadly disease sometimes require a dangerous remedy . ( beat ) but it will never come to that . kosolov ( in russian ) you be put a lot of faith in she . why ? egorov stare into the burn light bulb on he lamp . after a long , unwholesome beat -- 55 . egorov ( in russian ) because I truly understand what she 's capable of . ext . STREET - plaka district - athens - night under the impose shadow of the acropolis , the plaka be a maze of cobblestone street line with patinate neo-classical building , a quaint , stun bohemian wonderland . casually elegant in a simple , sexy white kaftan , African bead and sandal , dom stride towards the gate of a crumble , wall - in mansion under renovation . a sign outside read : takis gallery - kastimbalis - fix metamorphics . some people be hang outside while other flow in and out of the front gate . a friendly , laid - back vibe . the exotic , jazzy ethiopian groove of mulatu astake emanate from the courtyard inside . dom step through the gate . ext . courtyard - takis gallery - athens - continuous a ruinous courtyard pack with the athen 's bohemian jet set , everyone circulate amongst the hulk , dramatically - light sculpture , primitive modern hewn out of basalt . dom take in the scene then slowly move clockwise around the courtyard 's edge -- casually scout for nate . she spot he hang with luka , alexa , Zoe and thyia . move closer , dom peruse the sculpture while steal glance at nate , observe he have a great time . easy to see he group 's blithe and vibrant camaraderie . int . corridor - takis gallery / old mansion - minute later a dim , dead - end corridor , nate roll up behind a flirt couple wait by a close door . finally a man come out and the couple go in . nate 's annoyed , really need to piss . dom suddenly appear , get in line behind nate . although he try to play it cool , he 's clearly strike by she beauty and vibe . he give she a easy " what 's up " nod . she nod back . after a beat , something catch nate 's eye -- a small , barely noticeable sentence , hand -scrawl in Greek along the wall in front of they . nate break out in a luminous smile -- nate that 's fuck inspire --- ( gesture to graffiti ) you see this ? dom ( french accent ) what do it say ? 56 . nate " you may paint over I , but I will still be here . " and suddenly we hear the carnal giggle , moan and grunt of the couple go at it in the bathroom . nate ( cont 'd ) Christ , you gotta be kid I ... annoy and desperate , nate rap on the door . the couple inside yell a " fuck off " in Greek , resume they stride . nate ( cont 'd ) they gotta have another restroom upstairs -- right ? upstair - minute later : dom and nate search the darkness of the mansion 's 2nd floor which be gut and in shamble . dom stumble over some debris and nate smoothly steady she . nate ( cont 'd ) I be nate -- dom Dominique -- they finally locate a pitch - dark bathroom with a door that will not stay open . feeling just inside , nate find and flick on a light switch , illuminate a single bulb -- but the switch be break and will not stay on unless hold . nate I will hold it for you , you for I . k? dom head in while nate hold the light on . he whistle to give she some cover as she tinkle --- dom and nate coming down stair - minute later : nate square off and lock eye with dom when they reach the bottom --- she catch the subtle smirk beneath nate 's lip . dom ( french accent ) amuse ? nate and you be not ? nate 's smirk open up into a charmingly goofy but direct smile --- she hold he gaze without return the smile . nate ( cont 'd ) be patient -- eventually I '1l do or say something interesting --- 57 . dom ( after a beat of wait ) thanks for the help . nate sure thing . as dom move back into the pack courtyard , nate tilt he head to admire the swing of she ass --- ext . mansion / takis gallery - little later that night emerging from the gate , dom cut through the throng of people hang in front of the gallery , head down the street alone --- nate ( 0.s. ) Dominique --- hey ... dom turn , see nate , luka and the girl among the crowd --- nate come over . nate ( cont 'd ) we be all go to this place right near here -- best barbounia you have ever have -- you should come with we . dom thank you , but --- nate come on , it will be fun -- trust I -- dom I do not even know you --- nate what be you talk about ? we just listen to each other pee , we be practically marry . music and laughter carry we into --- ext . taverna - plaka - later a taverna in the plaka 's old quarter . dom , nate , luka and girl sit at a outside table --- eat , drink , laugh -- get hammer on ouzo as they play 2 truth and a lie . across the street , a older woman in a wheelchair play accordion and a teenage boy on violin provide the soundtrack . alexa I always flirt with Priests . I be a very fat child . ( more ) 58 . alexa ( cont 'd ) when perform fellatio on a man , I sometimes think what it would be like to bite off he penis . nate and luka exchange a look . giggle , everyone debate which statement be the lie --- and then come to a consensus --- zoe there be no way that you be fat --- alexa no --- it 's the truth --- nate watch out , brother --- everyone but alexa take a shot . alexa Dominique --- you turn ... dom let I think for a moment .. ( beat ) I be not wear any panty . I once kill someone with my bare hand . ( subtle smirk at nate ) and I enjoy urinate in front of strange man . nate I know it . the table giggle ... luka kill a person ! ha ! too easy . drink . dom do she shot ... and the whole table look to nate . nate okay -- okay . ( gather he thought ) all right , I masturbate at least twice a day . I enjoy watch strange woman pee . I worship Satan . the table crack up and confer , struggle for consensus ... zoe you do not masturbate twice a day --- nate be you for real ? you guy really think I be a Satan worshiper ? 59 . thyia how be we to know different , mystery man ? you tell we nothing of yourself --- nate you guy be asshole --- now drink --- everyone laugh and drink --- later : the buzze group leave the taverna in high-spirit ... dom where be we go ? alexa a party at the atticus --- ( take dom 's leave arm ) and you be come with we ... nate stop to toss the musician money -- and suddenly from the tree above , a bird take a huge shit all over he . the wheelchair woman explode with wild raucous laughter and luka and the girl quickly join in --- then nate ... pierce by the image of the wheelchair woman in hysterics , dom look at everyone else laugh --- and then something happen --- she just let herself go , and laugh . ext . odeon atticus theater - athens - little later the ruin of a ancient amphitheater at the base of the acropolis have be convert into a 1970 rave -- hundred of barefooted young people dance wildly on stage or along the tiere bench to roxy Music 's " both end Burning " . amid the pulsing , sweaty crowd , nate , luka and the girl let loose -- as dom move with they , something powerful be be unleash inside she -- a joyous , vital force -- that be take she out of she mind and into she body . and the deeper she go , the more amazing she dance become ... little later : everyone funking out to sly and the family Stone 's " loose booty " --- but dom 's on another level -- flow with a hypnotic , unbridle expressiveness and power that electrify everyone around she , especially nate . little later : blown out , nate and luka emerge from the dance mass , climb high up on the tiere bench and look down at the girl groove to t-rex 's " 20th century Boy " . luka ( gesture to dom ) she 's cool ... ( more ) 60 . luka ( cont 'd ) ( off nate 's nod ) she tell Zoe she life in geneva --- just here for the summer , borrow a friend 's flat --- nate yeah , I catch that ... luka so ? nate we will see . luka spark a joint , toke , and pass to nate , who take a hit and look around , take everything in --- and catch something in the crowd . nate ( cont 'd ) hey , be not that one of the fuckstick I scrapped it up with at the rally , that be roll with you cousin ? luka where ? nate ( gesture ) right there . you see he ? with the white shirt . luka no , you need to get you eye check . nate you sure ? luka that guy would never come to a party like this . nate you ever gonna tell I what the deal with they be ? be this guy christos a distant cousin ? luka no , he 's my dad 's brother 's son . we be raise together after the colonel kill my uncle in prison . nate so he 's more like a brother ? 61 . luka he use to be . he 's just really angry now . even though I understand why , I do not like be around it . nate pass the joint back to luka . ext . STREET - heading toward plaka - later exhausted but happy , the group shamble down a larger road towards the plaka . luka you know what we should all do next weekend ? go to tryphosa . alexa ( excitedly hug luka ) yes ! yes ! we must ! nate what 's tryphosa ? luka a paradise for artist , dreamer --- trust I , you will love it ... nate I be sell . nate try to wave down a approach taxi but to no avail . the group walk ahead , give nate and dom space . they lag behind , quiet , side by side --- a palpable , unusual attraction between they . after a long beat --- nate ( cont 'd ) watch you let loose be really something else --- like you be in a ecstatic trance -- I see flash of Duncan -- Mary wigman -- Graham ... dom glare at nate , try to restrain she astonishment ... dom so you follow dance ? nate I follow the dancer . they exchange a smile as another taxi appear --- nate wave and it stop . the girl smother dom with hug and kiss , say how much fun they have , they need to hang out . nate see they exchange phone number . then the group give dom and nate some space . 62 . a crazy tension --- dom off - balance , genuinely vulnerable -- nate 's easy -- he open the taxi door for she . dom this be fun --- nate see what happen when you trust the timing of you life ? ( potent stare ) you be pretty fuck great --- keep that shit up . nate break the tension by gently ease dom into the taxi and close the door --- watch the taxi head down the street and disappear around a corner , nate smile inwardly as he head back to the other . int . taxi - street of athens - beat later dom 's rattle with conflict emotion , struggle to get control of herself . she look at she tremble hand , unnerve by she reaction , think , " what 's wrong with I ? " gable ( v.o. ) what the fuck be wrong with you ? ext . / int . gable' car - outskirt of athens - day gable 's car park on a nondescript street . nate sit next to gable , who 's chain -smoke . nate nothing . I be just say --- luka be a good kid , marty . clean . no involvement with he cousin or n17 whatsoever . gable I want christos --- everything else be pickle and tit . so get with the program , unless you wanna be send back to shitsville u.s.a. , a fuck floorwalker . nate if you just give I some more time , I will figure out another way to get to he . gable no , I be not gonna risk it -- you have the perfect setup . you go away to this hippie island . ( more ) 63. gable ( cont 'd ) have a great time . fuck , suck , play . Prime he . when you get back , you put he in the harness and we start to drill down on he cunt cousin . gable reach into a secret compartment under he seat and pull out a small , cellophane - wrap brick of heroin . nate the fuck be that ? gable the fuck do you think ? Blue orchid , same kind of junk n17 be move . before you leave for you trip , you stash this in the kid 's apartment . nate take the drug . gable write a number on a piece of paper , hand it to nate . gable ( cont 'd ) this be the number for Captain Harry haridopolos , we guy in the athen PD . call he , tell he you be a friend of mister fenwick . he will understand . set up the bust for when you get back . nate shake he head over how fuck up it be . nate it 's not right put he into play -- it 's gonna ruin he life . gable kid 's go in the system , nate . you either run he , or someone else will . nate ( mordant ) my rabbi . int . observation post - apartment - exarcheia - night the half - light of dusk . mile Davis ' " sketch of Spain " churn quietly on the tape deck . Elena 's sit at the table knitting a baby blanket . she watch dom move through a series of ballet stretch . exhausted , dom get up , check camera , then she watch . sitting at the table , she drink some water . elena I envy you flexibility . how long do you train as a dancer ? 64 . dom ever since I can remember . elena what happen ? dom life . Elena stop knitting , keel forward a bit . dom ( cont 'd ) be you allright ? Elena take dom 's hand and put it on she stomach to feel the baby kick . a deep moment . dom 's face soften . elena we be the only one who can truly feel the future , because we give birth to it , yes ? dom where 's the father ? elena Beirut , last I hear . ( wistful smile ) hard to resist a bad boy that 's a good man . ( beat ) I assume that be a sparrow --- but you be a operation officer , be not you ? dom remove she hand from Elena 's tummy and after a hesitant beat , nod . Elena smile , stunne and impressed . elena ( cont 'd ) you know , I be not press into service . I do it because I have faith in the marxist ideal . I have always believe in the cause despite feel that the cause never truly believe in I --- ( proud look at dom ) until this moment , I never think they would see we as something more than just a wife , secretary or whore --- dom they do not , not really --- elena what do the Center want from nash ? what be you objective ? 65 . dom ( after tense beat ) they want I to seduce he --- extract information --- ( look away , ashamed ) they do not think I be capable of do this any other way . Elena gently force dom to look at she . elena then you must prove they wrong . ext . cafe - monastiraki - day nate move through the monastiraki flea market , cross a street and enter a cafe . int . cafe - monastiraki - moment later nate 's at a pay phone next to the bathroom . he dial the number off of the piece of paper gable give he . nate ( into phone ) Harry haridopolos . I be a friend of mister fenwick . ext . nate' STREET - exarcheia - late afternoon nate and luka wait in nate 's car . luka check he watch , lean across nate and honk the horn . alexa run out from she apartment and get in the car with she bag . luka where be Zoe and thyia ? alexa they be not come . Zoe 's get a allergy rash . thyia meet a boy --- luka and they be just tell we now !? nate hey , it 's cool , you guy should just go , you can take my car to the port --- alexa no no no , you must come --- luka cut alexa off with a glare . luka he 's come --- let 's go . nate start drive . 66 . ext. / int . ferry - foredeck passenger lounge - later a ferry head out of port . the trio cut through the pack lounge , scan for seat . find a spot on the floor , they start make camp . alexa suddenly spot something , smile and start wave , try to get someone 's attention . nate turn around and see dom in the crowd . he 's stunne , catch totally off guard . nate Holy shit ... alexa flash nate a little " surprise ! " look --- and then she and luka greet dom with a excited kiss and hug . luka I be so happy alexa convinced you to join we pilgrimage ! dom thank you for the invite ... ( soft smile at nate ) hey . nate hey . a awkward beat of tension between nate and dom . nate ( cont 'd ) they do not tell I you be come --- dom oh. well I hope it 's okay -- nate yeah , sure , no , it 's good you be get lose with we --- dom where be Zoe and thyia ? alexa they cancel at the last minute . another uncomfortable beat of inaction . sense the uneasiness , luka pull everyone into a group hug . luka come on guy ! this be go to be we great adventure ! ext . gru hq - moscow - day a sweltering , overcast day ... 67 . int . korch outer office - gru hq - continuous korch assistant type at he desk . across from he be a diplomatic courier , a armored briefcase handcuff to he wrist . a armed escort wait next to the courier . korch rumble in and everyone stand at attention , salute . korchnoi ( in russian ) what 's this ? diplomatic courier ( in russian ) from the athen diplomatic pouch , sir . int . korch office - gru ho - moment later seat at he desk , korch dial the combos to the case 's two lock , open it . Inside be a security envelope with wax seal . he open it , pull out a type report and photo -- all of which be stamp on the back with a unique code . korch read the report , then peruse the picture -- he stop on one photo , grab a magnify glass , and inspect the image -- he interest suddenly shift to concern . korch quickly move to he safe -- unlock it , grab egorov 's dossier -- slap on he desk , rifle through it until he find what he 's look for . korch sit back disturb , unsure what to do . ext . coastline - sea of crete - day high angle over a small , colorful fishing boat chugge across the brilliant Sea of Crete , parallel to a remote island , a epic coastline of volcanic rock . perfect day . ext . fishing boat - sea of crete - continuous the boat 's deck be jamme with supplies . luka and alexa be half - asleep . dom sit nearby , look over at --- nate kick it with stavros , 60 , a village fisherman - turn - hippie , whistling as he steer . nate join the whistling . they round a bend . a mile ahead , a colossal white pumice rock formation jut out of the coast , the size of a six story building , block the land behind it . stavros nod to it . stavros tryphosa . luka and alexa wake . they all move to the bow , gaze at the rock . dom squint , shading she eye from the sun , so nate put he bucket hat on she . she thanks he with a look . 68 . they spot the silhouettes of people on top of the rock stand up , wave at they . as they finally come around the rock , tryphosa be reveal : a natural , horseshoe - shape harbor frame a perfect beach . abutte one end of the beach , the massive rock face be honeycombed by a matrix cave convert into into hippie dwelling , squatter emerge from they like a motel . behind the beach be a tiny village of flagstone street and white - wash , minimal house nestle along the slope . border the other side of the beach be another , taller white rock formation . on top of it be temple ruins . at the base of this formation be a natural quay and a plane of smooth rock jutting into the water , with sunbather lay on it . mama' taverna edge the beach . paint across the taverna 's wall in massive , hippie flower child font be the phrase : '' today be life , tomorrow never come . " the group be awestruck . luka grab the girl ' hand on either side of he and alexa grab nate 's . ext . tryphosa village - island - later hauling they gear , the group follow mama , 5as , the big Greek matriarch of tryphosa , up a flagstone street through this hippie commune paradise . mama ( in greek ) there be 2 wash -house , one by the beach , one right there in the village --- they pass a small market with curtain of tomato , squid drying on clothes line , etc ... mama ( cont 'd ) oh , and there be only 1 telephone in the taverna in case of emergency ... they approach the teal blue door of one of the white primitive villas cut into the rock overlook the beach and water . int . primitive villa - tryphosa - island - beat later mama lead they into the primitive villa 's main room : a table , four chair , cushion on the floor . a kitchen area with a water basin , a wood -burn stove . there be 2 bedroom -- and a veranda with a hammock strung up -- a stun view . mama ( in greek ) the communal dinner be down on the beach at 9 --- all that we ask be that you bring a offer . 69 . and with that mama leave . the group walk out onto the veranda and take in the view . dom gaze at the cave , strike by the magic of this place . luka the Roman use that cave as catacomb --- nate gesture to the ruin atop the other rock formation . nate and that ruin ? luka I do not know --- they all exchange a smile . ext . sunbather rock - tryphosa - later throng of hippies hang out on the otherworldly rock table high over the water . dom and alexa lay topless on towel , eye close . Alice coltrane 's " Blue Nile " wafting from dom 's tape deck . nate and luka be play backgammon next to they . nate be have trouble focus on the game -- struggle to not check dom out . nate can see luka be very amused by all this . luka if it scare you , it might be a good thing to try . nate asshole ... luka come on . let 's cool off . luka and nate jump off the 20 foot cliff into the water . tread water , the two take in the surround beauty . ext . STREET - central moscow - day a quiet residential street of apartment building . int . korchnoi be apartment - continuous korch 's modest one - bedroom apartment . a shelf with a record player and stack of record . a console table line with photo of korch -- he childhood ; one with he father ; most with he gorgeous wife , a shrine to they love . korch be sit at he kitchen table with a transistor radio that 's be crack open revealing a empty hide spot . 70 . he 's hunch over the " buster " covcomm device nate give he earlier -- finger type a message on the minuscule keyboard . ext . STREET - central moscow - later dress for a afternoon in the park , korch get on a bus with a small chess set in hand , a bag of fruit and the transistor radio . though he have sunglass on , he 's clearly in hyper - aware sdr mode , clocking everything around he . ext . park - moscow - later korch sit down at a table in a area where chess match be be play . he set up he piece , put he radio next to the board and extend the antenna --- he press down hard on the on switch , send the burst transmission , then switch the radio on --- he futze with it while look at a green indicator --- after a few second the light go on . korch relax a little bit as a man approach to challenge he to a game . the camera rise above the canopy of the park revealing the american embassy be a few block away . ext . beach - tryphosa - night the communal dinner . 35 people sit around a table of offering and jug of wine , talk , laugh , eat . while chat with a chubby guy , nate catch dom steal a glance at he amidst she own conversation . they lock eye , nate flash a little grin , she smile back . a amused luka nudge nate to turn around -- they watch two young hippies perform a ritual while lighting the bonfire . nate oh shit . I just think of something . I think I forget to turn the hot plate off in my place . Antony , the super , do you know he number ? luka no . nate could you call thyia or Zoe and see if one of they could go over and turn it off ? I do not want to burn the building down . luka yeah , okay , I will call tonight . 71 . ext . beach - tryphosa - later bonfire 's crackle . a couple of guitarist strumm along . jug of wine and joint make the round . dom 's talk with a old hippie as he gesture to the ruin atop the colossal rock . finally he girl pull he away . dom look around -- no sign of luka or alexa . she turn , see nate walk down the beach along the waterline . catch up to he , they move together , not say anything . finally , dom gesture to the ruin . dom I find out what the ruin be --- nate oh yeah ? dom it 's a dream temple , a sanctuary for that seek heal , a relief from a pain of the soul . the ancient Greeks call it a asclepieion . nate stop and look at she . nate come on , for real --- ? dom yes . the temple 's priest would heal people use a dream therapy . dom head up into the village . nate follow . ext . STREET - village of tryphosa - minute later nate and dom wind up towards they villa . behind they be the moonlit ruin atop the rock ... dom the ritual begin with 2 day of purify sweat chamber and bath --- after which the priest would massage sacred oil into you body -- prepare you for you entry into the dream incubation chamber --- nate ( repeat it dreamily ) dream incubation chamber ... Far out . 72 . dom once in the chamber , you would be lull into a deep sleep by soft chant -- and it be in you dream that you soul would be cure of its woe . the priest would interpret you dream and extract its divine prescription for how to live you life -- and if you follow it , you would be make whole again . dom and nate reach they villa . nate look back at the ruin . nate we should climb up there , check it out --- dom I would like that . dom and nate share a look . int . primitive villa - tryphosa - continuous nate and dom enter the dark , empty villa . nate light a candle . they stare at each other in the glow . tension so primal , so achingly intense , too strong to resist ... until ... dom good night , nate . nate yeah , okay ... dom shut herself in she room . nate exhales like , " fuuuck . " ext . veranda - primitive villa - tryphosa - late night nate swinging in the hammock , mind racing , gaze into the night . the bonfire 's die , the beach party wind down . luka and alexa come onto the veranda , both profoundly worried . nate what 's up , guy ? ( off they silence ) my hot plate , do you reach Zoe or thyia ? nate see they be freak out . nate ( cont 'd ) what ? the place burn down ? luka I be in big trouble , nate --- 73 . alexa we speak to Zoe . the Police be in he flat , they be look for he . int . MAIN room - primitive villa - tryphosa - same time dom step out of she room with a cup of water . she stop when she hear nate , luka and alexa talk outside -- nate ( 0.s. ) funny . alexa ( 0.s. ) we be not joke . Zoe say they find heroin . nate ( 0.s. ) heroin ?! Fucking heroin ? dom step closer to eavesdrop . ext . veranda - primitive villa - tryphosa - same time nate 's out of the hammock now . luka I swear to you I have no idea what 's go on right now . I have never go near the drug . nate so , what ? you be say the police plant it in you apartment ? luka no , Antony be with they the whole time . nate Jesus Christ , how the fuck do it get there , luka ? Magic ? luka ( frantic ) I do not know , I do not know . it 's not mine . nate it 's okay , I believe you . we just gotta think this through . nate start pace around . 74 . nate ( cont 'd ) do you know anyone that you have be with over the past few month that be into this kind of shit , who could have stashed it in you apartment without you be aware ? a friend ? neighbor ? anyone ? luka ( stiffen up , nod ) but I can not believe he would ever do this to I --- alexa who ? luka my cousin --- christos . nate he 's a fuck pusher ? luka he 's into a lot of thing that I do not want to know anything about . nate when be the last time he be in you place ? luka Three , four month ago . nate only way the police would be there be if he ratted you out to they . luka start break down . luka he would never do that , he would never do that . nate luka , what other explanation be there ? luka what be I go to do ? nate look brother , a situation like this , you do not have many option . but I think I can help . nate kneel to he pack , undoe the secret flap in the strap and pull out a wad of cash and offer it to luka --- 75 . nate ( cont 'd ) that 's 5 grand . pack you stuff , wake up stavros on he boat and get out of here , now --- ( put cash in luka 's hand ) you gotta disappear for the next 6 month . just get lose , lay low . do not go anywhere near athen . luka that 's insane . if christos do this to I , I be go to confront he . nate you can not go anywhere near you cousin ever again . not even a fuck phone call . he will bury you . luka athen be my home , I have do nothing wrong . nate the fuck do that have to do with anything ? ( off luka 's silence ) luka , please , I be try to save you life . you gotta trust I . Travel around , experience some shit . by winter this will all have blow over . alexa he 's right . and I be come with you . luka I do not want you to do that . alexa I do not care . ( take luka 's hand ) we will make a adventure out of it . luka what about dom ? nate she will be fine . I will figure it out . luka how can I repay you ? nate keep safe . be happy . and stay away from you cousin . luka and alexa give nate a hug . 76 . alexa will you be there when we get back ? nate I do not know . but if I be not , I will make sure you know how to find I . as luka and alexa disappear inside , we can see dom be no longer there . ext . beach - tryphosa - morning nate sit on the sand stare at the water --- he look fuck up and far from home . dom approach , sit next to he . dom where be everyone ? nate go . there be a phone call late last night , luka have a family emergency . he and alexa leave . dom oh my God , that 's terrible . be everything okay ? nate I do not know . I hope so . ( beat ) I get how awkward this must be for you . there 's a boat leave at noon , you can take it . dom so what be you do ? nate it all depend . dom ( after a beat ) alexa and the girl think you be a fugitive , that this be why you do not talk about yourself or you past --- nate well neither do you . what do that make you ? what be you hide ? dom touche . but how be I suppose to be comfortable around a man I know nothing about ? 77 . nate forget about what you know . how do you feel around I ? do you feel safe ? do you feel good ? dom yes . nate be not that enough ? do we really need to know each other to enjoy this place together ? dom how be that suppose to work ? we do not talk ? nate no , we just do not ask question about each other 's life . ( off she hesitancy ) c'mon , lay you armor down , just for the weekend . you can put it back on when we get back to athen . dom consider . she look past , see the graffiti on mama 's --- dom today be life , tomorrow never come . nate glance back at it , turn to dom , smile . nate why not ? she meet he smile . it 's a deal . ext . water - just off the coast of tryphosa - later just off the coast , incredible white rock formation jut out of the water . nate and dom tool around on a boat with a outboard motor ... arcing around a stone pillar , they pass underneath a series of massive natural archway --- nate steer through a tiny open between 2 formation into ---- ext . natural swimming pool / beach - continuous a huge natural swim pool hide by rock wall , a tiny strip of beach at the end . nate and dom gaze around in wonder . later : nate and dom lay back on a white blanket under a rig canopy , remnant of a picnic , water lap the sand a few foot away . dom 's wear he hat , stare at he . 78 . nate you ever gonna give I my hat back ? dom I like you hat . nate I like my hat on you . he open he eye and meet she stare . ext . farmer market - tryphosa - later nate and dom peruse the farmer market , taste produce . ext . veranda - primitive villa - tryphosa - dusk dom watch from the veranda as nate expertly chop tomato and cook squid over a propane flame inside . music and voice from the beach emanate in the background . nate finish assemble the plate . he walk they out to the veranda and place they on the candle - light table . dom this be beautiful , thank you . nate see she 's surprised and impressed by the dish . nate my grandparent . ( off she look ) that 's who teach I about food , how to cook . I be raise by they . my grandfather be a produce wholesaler , my grandmother be always in the kitchen . it be through cooking that she express she love --- ( cut a little grin ) I be a fat fuckin ' kid . she giggle , uncharacteristically easy . dom it must have be wonderful to be love like that . nate yeah , sure . they do they best to compensate for the fact that my mom ... and my father , well ... dom my father die when I be very young . ( more ) 79 . dom ( cont 'd ) I only have the vaguest memory of he . I lose my mother at 17 , which be when I have to stop dance --- ( stop herself ) you know what , let 's not do this . share we sad storey --- nate nod in agreement --- wait for she to take a bite , and enjoy watch she savor the food . later : dom finish clear the last plate . tension smolder inside she . she turn around , nate be in the doorway , stare at she . both feel something visceral , both nervous about it . to cut the tension , nate smirk --- nate fuck I if I be wrong , but dinosaur still exist , right ? she take a step towards he , vulnerable --- whisper --- dom stop it . he step close enough to kiss she -- hover -- until neither can take it -- they kiss . quickly turn hungry , consume . dom come alive in way we only see when she be dance . he lift she , she leg straddle around he . she yank he shirt off as he carry she into the bedroom , lay she on the bed . drop he pants , he tear she dress off . as he feast on dom --- she lip , she neck , she breast --- he hand slide between she leg and begin to get she off . her body contort as the ecstatic pressure build , until she 's gasp , quaking , lose she mind in a cataclysmic orgasm -- perhaps she first ever with another man . fuele by she pleasure , he position himself between she leg , but look down at she he stop -- her gasp have give way to restrain , barely - audible sob , tear streaking a face so fragile it may shatter . he look at she like a wounded little girl and she close up , tremble --- she weep uncontrollably as she start pull away , but nate will not let she . intuitively understanding , he cradle she , whisper into she ear , though we can not hear he word . we hear Music , Eric satie 's " gnossienne 's no. 1 " --- and strange sound : electronic hiss , audio distortion --- heavy breathe , grunt --- carry we into ... 80 . int . egorov' apartment - moscow - night bath in the flicker light of a tv , egorov sit on he couch , stare with disturbing intensity directly at we . sipping vodka . satie record play on console behind he . distorted voice emanate from the tv , a british man and a woman speak french - accented English -- woman ( 0.s. , video ) you be nothing --- say it . arcing around the edge of the room --- slowly revealing the tv screen , hook up to a primitive vcr --- after a few pain , ecstatic grunt , the man reply --- british man ( 0.s. , video ) I be nothing . we can finally make out the video -- dark , grainy surveillance footage -- a bedroom -- the man on all four while the woman kneel behind he , peg he in the ass with a strap - on -- woman ( video ) and what be I ? after a few rugge thrust , we catch a quick glimpse of the woman as she glance towards the camera -- it 's dom -- british man ( video ) everything . a sudden knock on egorov 's door . surprise , he get up , shut off the tv and music . he open he front door , revealing he right -hand man kosolov --- egorov let he in . egorov ( in russian ) what be it ? kosolov ( in russian ) we find something --- something compelling --- egorov ( in russian ) who ? kosolov ( in russian ) korchnoi . ext . dirt road - tryphosa - morning nate and dom trek up a dirt road through strange volcanic landscape . dom 's wear he hat . nate 's get a day pack on . 81 . dom I do not know what happen to I last night --- nate you do not need to explain . dom I can not imagine what you must think . nate stop , turn to she . nate I feel sorry for people who never go crazy -- screw fall out all the time . we be all fuck up inside --- that 's what make we we . dom look at nate with soul-stirred awe . dom you still must be disappointed --- nate whaddya talkin ' about ? it be the best sex I never have . dom throw she arm around he and kiss he passionately . ext . volcanic hot spring - tryphosa - little later nate and dom come down a rocky path to a ancient , dome white - wash building with a blue door . to the leave of the building be a huge pond of bubbling volcanic mud and water . strip to they bathing suit , she take he hand as they step into the mud . squish down , dom smile , trip out . nate chuck a chunk of mud at she . she scream , pick up a handful and peg he back . they exchange mud throw , scream and laugh , until they wrestle and collapse together . they make out and spread mud over each other . sensual . cover they entire body . dissolve to : later : nate and dom lay out , mud cake onto they . he stand , grab a loofa from he bag , lead she into the dome building --- int . ancient bath house - tryphosa - continuous shaft of steamy light cut through hole in the dome ceiling . thermal water flow from pipe into two rock bathtub . 82 . nate climb into the tub and offer he hand . she stare at the tub , anxiety welling in she eye ... until she look at nate , let go of all of it , take he hand and get in ... and it 's okay , she 's okay . dom lean back into nate as he gently scrub the dry mud off she . they switch , dom start scrubbing he --- dom it 's we last night . nate nod , clearly upset by that . nate what do you want to do ? ext . asclepieion - dream temple ruins - tryphosa - sunset nate and dom be sit inside the ruin of the dream temple , blanket and pillow laid out , wine and food . they be look out as the sun disappear over the sea , a epic vista ina mystical place , but the mood have turn somber --- nate let 's stay longer . just a few more day --- dom I need to go back . ( off he look ) I do not have the freedom you do . nate what , be you marry ? be that it ? dom we have a agreement . no question . nate so we just bury all of this , how we be feel right now --- dom I do not know . it 's complicated --- nate shit ! tense , nate get up , walk to the edge of the temple . nate ( cont 'd ) you know -- a few month ago a friend ask I what I truly want outta life , who do I wanna be . ( beat ) I could not give any fuckin ' answer , not one . 83 . dom which make you no different than most of we ... nate but that 's the thing . I always want to be different --- I have just be so catch up in the bullshit of be I , I somehow lose who I be --- ( turn to dom ) I know you know exactly what I be talk about --- dom it do not matter --- nate maybe it 's all that matter . ( off she silence ) you be not sayin ' anything , but you be screamin ' inside , and I can hear it . dom why be you make thing more difficult ? nate sit down next to she , frustrated . nate you be my favorite new feel . I just do not wanna lose it . dom spoon nate , wrap she arm around he and whisper --- dom let 's sleep --- and perhaps in we dream we soul will be cure --- we will wake up whole again , with the answer of how to live we life . camera pan up to the star ... dissolve to : ext . port of pireaus - outside athens - noon high angle over the quay : a cloudy day . arrival , departure . nate and dom disembark they ferry and head to the street . angle close on nate and dom -- the energy between they be sputter , confuse , tense ... neither know how to part way . nate this be fuck stupid . I do not even know where you be stay , how to find you --- you number --- ( more ) 84 . nate ( cont 'd ) ( off she silence ) lemme give you a lift home . dom better if I take a taxi . nate look --- meet I tomorrow night at the Paris cinema in the plaka --- they be play the new kubrick film . after a hesitant beat , dom write she number on she ferry stub and hand it to nate . dom phone I if something come up . nate ( kiss she and smile ) see you tomorrow night .. dom watch a happy nate head off towards the parking lot ... ext. / int . nate' lancia - exarcheia , athens - later drizzle . nate drive through exarcheia , block from home . nate notice fresh graffiti on a derelict building : a red " a " within a circle . a signal . he shift to hyper- alert sdr mode . check mirror , surroundings . pass he street ... ext . STREET - financial district - athens - night pour rain . nate slip into a run-down office building . int . hallway - office build - minute later soak , nate head down a hall to the door of a accounting firm , knock . a beat , door open , gable usher he into ... int . front office - continuous forsyth be inside , wait . gable shut and lock door , throw nate a intense look . forsyth you sure you be black ? nate yeah . be run non-stop for 8 hour -- gable you wanna explain what the hell happen with luka ? 85 . nate you tell I . I wake up Sunday , luka and he girl have split for point unknown , and then I find out you guy on athen PD jump the gun , toss he place the night we leave . gable haridopolos say he be just followin’ the instruction you give he . nate c'mon , and you believe that shit ? after all the work I put in , why would I blow the bust like this ? gable ' Cause you heart be not in it . you do not want to put the kid in the harness -- nate if I be gonna cut he loose , I would have come up with something a little smarter , marty . my fingerprint would not be on it . forsyth we do not have time to deal with it right now , but we be gonna deal with it , and I be gonna put you on the box . nate good , fine , that 's you prerogative , Chief . forsyth eye nate , try to read he for deception . after a beat , he gesture nate to follow he . nate follow gable and forsyth into a back office bullpen . nate ( cont 'd ) would someone tell I what 's go on ? and as if to answer , we hear a belch from in the bathroom -- a flush -- someone quickly wash hand and then the door open -- in step sy benford , head of the CIA 's soviet / east division . in he 5as , impose , serious , tough . see benford , nate 's face contort with the dread of what he think this mean ... nate ( cont 'd ) be he dead --- ? 86 . benford no. nate then what --- they roll he up ? benford take out a fold piece of paper , hand it to nate . benford Moscow receive this unschedule burst from marble four day ago . nate read the text carefully , look up excited . nate so Istanbul --- tomorrow night ? benford I do not know --- I do not like it . nate there be no duress indicator in the syntax , verbiage or punctuation ... benford in all the year we have have marble , he 's never do anything like this -- a last minute emergency face to face ? it 's totally out of character . something 's wrong . nate clearly something 's wrong --- but that do not mean the ask be not legit . benford he 's set the time , the location , everything --- nate of course he be . you asshole fuck he over . why should he trust you ? benford how do you know he do not send this with a line kr gun to he head ? nate because what I know be something a craven motherfucker like you will never understand --- ( get into benford 's face ) if they have a gun to he head , he woulda make they pull the trigger before set I up . 87 . benford ( after a beat ) all right , we will spend the night at hellenikon Air base . int . observation post - apartment - exarcheia - night the pour rain and occasional thunder continue . Elena be rest on a old couch , dom be stare out the window at nate 's darken apartment . elena I can not remember the last time there be a summer storm like this in athen --- dom I find it comforting --- as though there be moment when even mother nature can not handle the pressure -- Elena look at dom , can see there be a lot on she mind . elena it 's be 11 hour since you get back -- where be he ? what be he do ? dom he 's probably still debrief he superior -- deal with the consequence of let luka go -- elena hard not to admire what he do --- ( after a long beat ) do it make it harder for you , know that he 's a decent man ? dom just like we eye , we heart have a way of adjust to the darkness . elena I hope for you sake that he act of conscience do not cause he superior to send he back to America --- dom nod --- but we can see in she eye that perhaps she hope that they do . dom I will know when I see he tomorrow night . 88. ext . STREET - central moscow - late night korchnoi 's street . late. quiet . a volga with four men pull over and park . kosolov , egorov and two team member carry large briefcase get out and enter a apartment building . int . hallway - apartment build - moscow - minute later wearing glove , one of egorov 's guy speed - pick the door to a apartment --- open it , they all step inside . int . korchnoi be apartment - build - minute later kosolov and team # 1 photograph every inch of korch 's apartment . egorov examine the photo on the console table : he linger briefly on a shot of a young korch on a hunt trip with three man , include the Defense Minister . team # 2 look through a side table with a few book , a ash tray and the transistor radio . he flip through the book look for anything , put they back . he pick up the radio ... egorov look at korch 's record player when suddenly a burst of squelch and music -- egorov turn to team # 2 hold the radio , shoot he a look like , " stop fuck around . " team # 2 turn the radio off , put it down . kosolov 's crouch in a coat closet , over a open box . egorov peer over he shoulder to see career memorabilia carelessly throw into it : photo with brezhnev , certificate , etc ... kosolov open a small case , show egorov a tarnish medal --- kosolov ( in russian ) the order of suvorov . never think I would see one of this in person . egorov ( in russian ) how proud he be of it . egorov continue peruse . casually scan a bookshelf . until he lock in on a particular book . he pull it out . his eye electric with excitement , egorov hold up the book to kosolov . egorov ( in russian ) ( cont 'd ) the collect poem of pavel markova --- ( wag book , subtle grin ) eventually everything connect . ext . ataturk airport - istanbul , turkey - morning incognito in a drab suit , hat and thick glass , korch emerge from the airport with a small bag , flag a taxi . 89 . ext . sariyer - outskirt of istanbul - later a old , forest residential neighborhood on the outskirt of Istanbul that sit on a hill overlook the bosphorus . close on the sariyer HOTEL , a fade beauty . int . suite - sariyer HOTEL - istanbul - a little later spacious live room with a grand view of the bosphorus . the door open and korch tote he bag inside to find maxim volontov , the gru rezident ( Chief ) of the gru , 5as , rise from a arm chair with a grin , the man embrace . korchnoi ( in russian ) ( look around the room ) this hotel never change , do it ? volontov ( in russian ) many excellent memory , yes ? korchnoi ( in russian ) if thing go well today with the german , you and I will make more memory tonight --- volontov ( smile ) I be only too happy to accommodate you , General . int . hallway / conference room - hellenikon AIR base - day through a window , we see nate , benford , gable and two pilot eat around various map , deep in conversation . nate excuse himself , saunter out . nate stroll down the hall , slip into another office . he pull out dom 's number and dial the phone . the line ring --- nate c'mon , c'mon , pick up . phone ring , but nobody 's home . frustrate , nate hang up . int . office - soviet ministry of defense - kremlin - day the opulent office of a kremlin powerbroker . egorov 's sit coolly in front of the desk as the Defense Minister pace back and forth like a angry bull . egorov ( in russian ) what do you think be go to happen when we start this ? 90 . defense minister ( in russian ) you start this --- egorov and you empower I --- defense minister ( in russian ) I never authorize you to conduct a search of General Vladimir korchnoi 's home ! egorov ( in russian ) it 's he . I be certain of it . defense minister ( in russian ) and you be base this on what , a book of poetry ?! korchnoi have dedicated he life to the service of this country . one of we great heroes -- and the staunchest of hardliner . egorov ( in russian ) yes . and what better cover could a traitor have ? defense minister ( in russian ) I have know this man for over 40 year --- egorov ( in russian ) then you be aware of the tragedy that befell he wife ? defense minister ( in russian ) of course . egorov ( in russian ) let I ask you --- if you wife be deathly ill during you posting in London , and all you have to do be walk she down the street to a hospital to receive life - save treatment --- defense minister ( in russian ) I know what happen --- egorov ( in russian ) he have to watch she die because kruschev feel it would be too embarrassing if she life be save by a treatment develop in the west . defense minister ( in russian ) we have all have to make terrible sacrifice for this country . except perhaps you . ( more ) 91 . defense minister ( in russian ) ( cont 'd ) ( hard look ) you will not turn this man 's heartbreak into you smoking gun . egorov ( in russian ) do you see the daily brief out of Greece this morning ? benford be in athen . as be nash . defense minister ( in russian ) so what ? egorov ( in russian ) korchnoi be travel right now . I would like to know where and why . defense minister ( in russian ) we be do with this conversation . egorov ( in russian ) with all due respect , I believe you friendship with he be clouding you judgment . defense minister ( in russian ) and I believe you lust for power be clouding yours . this be Vladimir korchnoi you insolent little prick --- and you bring I this circumstantial shit !? unless you have overwhelming , incontrovertible proof , I do not want to ever hear you utter he name again . the Defense Minister storm out , leave the unflappable egorov rattle for the first time . ext . cine paris - plaka - athens - night dom in front of the cine Paris outdoor movie theater , scan for nate as a few latecomer rush in for the 7 pm barry lyndon . we hear trailer play on the rooftop screen . glancing at she watch : 7:20 . disappointed and concerned , dom head in . ext . / int . grumman hu -16 albatross seaplane - night a bright , full moon . a grumman hu - 16 Albatross seaplane fly above the aegean , its id number cover up . two pilot up front --- nate and benford seat alone in the back . benford gaze out the window at the moon . benford goddamn full moon . could not of pick a worse night for this shmovert op --- 92 . benford reach into a bag , pull out a tiny , covert microphone / wire device --- hold it out to nate . benford ( cont 'd ) I would like you to wear this --- nate yeah ? well , I would like to titty bang raquel Welch while eat a porter - house steak . do not mean it 's ever gonna happen . over the engine hum , music and laughter carry we into ... int . suite - sariyer HOTEL - istanbul - night korch and volontov enjoy a decadent room service dinner with two voluptuous turkish hookers , laugh , get waste --- korchnoi ( in russian ) another drink --- volontov ( in russian ) yes ! pretend to be drunk , korch lumber to a credenza , open another bottle of vodka . he surreptitiously take out a tiny vial of clear liquid -- as he pour four shot , he stealthily mix in dose from the vial into three of the glass . korch pocket the vial just as volontov stagger over , lean in and gesture to the hooker . volontov ( in russian ) do the General have a preference for the evening ? korch hand volontov one of the spike glass and take the clean one for himself --- and raise it for a toast . korchnoi ( in russian ) maxim , you old wolfhound , I applaud you on a beautiful operation ! ( smile ) the preference be entirely yours . beam , volontov clink he glass and they gulp they shot . ext . stalinki apartment - moscow - night egorov pull up on he motorcycle in front the massive neo - classical stalinki apartment block for Moscow 's elite . int . rubanov apartment - stalinki - moscow - minute later a sweet grandmother in she 70' open the door to find egorov. 93. int . study - rubanov apartment - stalinki - beat later the grandmother usher egorov into the study and leave . alexei rubanov , late 70 , a sweet , rumple kremlin powerbroker , sit in a armchair as he toddler grandson play at he foot . rubanov motion egorov to sit . egorov ( in russian ) alexei -- thank you for see I on short notice . rubanov ( in russian ) it be quite alright , Ivan --- egorov ( in russian ) ( gesture to toddler ) and who be this little one ? rubanov ( in russian ) my grandson , viktor --- egorov smile at the little boy ... a beat ... egorov ( in russian ) I hope you have be in good health and spirit . rubanov ( in russian ) good enough . and you , you trajectory at the Center continue it 's rise ? special project for the collegium --- ( off egorov 's nod ) you have position yourself well . rubanov roll a toy to he grandson . smile at he adoringly . rubanov ( in russian ) ( cont 'd ) so what bring you here ? egorov General Vladimir korchnoi be travel at the moment . I wish to know he exact whereabouts and the nature of he activity . rubanov ( in russian ) this information be classified beyond you realm . egorov ( in russian ) yes , but not yours . I would like you to find out for I --- right now . rubanov gawk at egorov like he 's nut . 94 . rubanov ( in russian ) you perverse attempt at a joke ? egorov answer with he eye . rubanov 's baffle and incense . the toddler giggle and babbles as he play with he toy . smiling , egorov pick the boy up , begin to bounce he on he knee -- speak to he in a overly sweet tone . egorov ( in russian ) viktor , such a beautiful boy -- you grandfather love you dearly -- yes -- as he do all beautiful boy -- boy not much older than yourself . when you become a man , what will you think when you see the photo of you grandfather viciously sodomize this child -- robbing they of they youth , they dignity , they life ? will you still love he ? rubanov 's horrify as egorov hand the boy over to he . rubanov ( in russian ) I settle this account with you father another lifetime ago . that photo , the negative , he assure I they be destroy . egorov ( in russian ) he lie . int . suite - sariyer HOTEL - istanbul - night volontov and the two hooker be unconscious on the couch . korch slap each in the face to make sure they be out . korch then open the window , outside of which be a fire - escape . he climb out , close window , head up to roof . int . roof - sariyer HOTEL - istanbul - beat later korch stalk across the roof to the edge , jump across the gap to the next building and disappear down its fire escape . ext . various - bosphorus strait - istanbul - night the seaplane land on the calm bosphorus along a uninhabited stretch of wood shoreline . move into a shield inlet , the plane cut its engine and anchor . ext . shore - bosphorus strait - little later nate in a commando dinghy , engine muffle by a blanket --- zoom up onto a rocky beach , jump out , pull the boat into the cover of tree . grabbing he gear , he roll out on foot . 95 . nate stalk to the top of a steep hill , beyond which be a small bay -- build along its bank be the rotting majesty of a abandon 19th -century turkish waterfront mansion or yali . nate pull he binocular , scan the area and continue on . ext . yali_ - minute later nate skirt around the yali to find a huge window miss its glass . he turn on a red-filtered flashlight , climb in . int . ballroom - yali - continuous nate prowl through the decrepit ballroom with a magnificent river view . footstep creaking . rat scurry . tension . he glimpsis a reflection in a crack mirror and flinch -- he see himself -- and behind he , korch . nate spin around . glad to see each other , they smile . nate step in for a hug , but korch hold he off . nate I do not know they be put a keyhole above vorkuta . the fucker keep it from I ' cause they know I would tip you . korchnoi I know . nate how bad be the blowback ? korchnoi most be convinced it be a technical breach . but there be at least one element in the Center pursue the possibility of a mole --- nate be you in trouble ? korchnoi you tell I . korch pull out a photo -- the code on the back indicate it 's the one from athen that freak he out . he hand it to nate , who angle he flashlight on a distant surveillance photo of himself , luka , the girl and dom , right after the bird shit on he , everyone laugh . stun , nate look up at korch . 96 . korchnoi ( cont 'd ) her name be dominika egorov -- a operation officer that be also train as a sparrow --- nate fuck I --- korch pull out a UV scope --- scan nate head to toe . korch then snap off the UV scope lens expose the light and hold it up to nate --- shirt and shoe glow with fleck of spy dust , confirm the worst . nate ( cont 'd ) if you know she be on I , why do you risk this meet ? why do not you just send a burst say I would be compromise ? korchnoi I do not trust the people you work for . I do not know how they might use it --- nate spin out under the weight of what it all mean --- korchnoi ( cont 'd ) I need you to walk I through everything , from the beginning . later : korch and nate sit on the windowsill , gaze out at the water . nate wrack with guilt , devastation and shame . korchnoi ( cont 'd ) we all crave intimacy -- we be all vulnerable to we desire --- nate this be not like that -- I mean shit , we never even have sex -- which be maybe why I do not see it come -- ( look at korch ) it feel like something else -- something intense and mutual -- korchnoi Love ? nate all I know be it feel true . korchnoi which be precisely what sparrow be train to do . create the illusion that it 's real . 97 . nate this be different . korchnoi you know what go on in this school ? nate yeah , I have hear all the crazy storey about the sex --- korchnoi it 's much more than sex . the training this woman receive systematically make they incapable of experience any true emotion , except perhaps fear . nate the emotion I see in this girl be too complex to manufacture --- nobody 's that good of a actress . korchnoi do you recall the suicide of francoise guillot back in March ? nate the NATO guy , slit he wrist in the tub --- ? korchnoi I be sure he think it be real as well . as do all of she target . she 's quite talented , this one . nate look over at korch and get up --- nate well then that 's it --- you be comin ' with I . we will exfil you right now . korchnoi out of the question . ( off nate 's look ) defect would take the power out of everything I have do . if and when they come , I want to look they in the eye . I want the satisfaction of know they know . nate the fuck be that satisfaction worth ? korch do not respond . nate 's so frustrated he look like he want to smash something . he take a breath . 98 . nate ( cont 'd ) we have a tap on a trunk line link the Ministry of Defense with some of you key research facility , include vorkuta . if they want a technical breach , I can give this to you wrap in a bow . use it to cover you ass . korchnoi it can not come from I . there will be too many question . nate then I will get it do from we side . korchnoi know the value of that tap , I highly doubt you will be successful , but if you be , it might help . korch check he watch , get up . korchnoi ( cont 'd ) how much be you go to tell benford ? nate everything . korchnoi but the consequence --- nate do not matter anymore . I be do with all this shit . I want out of everything -- for good . korchnoi ( proud smile ) I be so glad to hear this --- nothing could make I happier . nate look down , struggle not to lose he shit . korchnoi ( cont 'd ) Nathan --- look at I --- ( nate look at he ) no matter what happen , in the book of my life , you will always be my second favorite chapter . they share a tearful moment . 99 . ext. / int . grumman hu -16 albatross seaplane - night plane 's in the air . benford 's sit in a doomstruck meditation , face like a clench fist . nate 's next to he , hunch forward --- boil down . benford why do not you tell we about this girl ? nate I be suppose to tell you guy about every piece of ass I chase ? it do not feel like she be work I . I fuck up --- benford you think ! ? nate you be the one who start this whole thing , by allow dci Bush to put a keyhole over vorkuta , just so he could look good for the president --- might as well have hold up a big fuck neon sign to the sove , " you have a breach ! " benford I do everything I could short of resign to stop they --- nate that what you tell yourself so you can sleep at night ? benford ( explode ) hey , I fuck bleed inside for every agent we lose ! nate then help I figure this out . benford get up and pace around . benford they have probably have a team ghost you since you first arrive in Greece --- you miss you date , she know you have not be home yet . ( beat ) as soon as she cousin egorov know that marble travel and where , we boy be cook . 100 . nate egorov 's still a few step behind we . we have time to make a move --- benford what move ? nate counterintelligence be focus on a technical breach . if we can give they we line tap , it will explain everything and neutralize egorov . benford you be talk about blow the one of the most important sigint stream we have get on the Soviets . do you have any idea of what it take to put that tap into place ? and there 's no guarantee if we do blow it that it will save he . nate he 's risk and deliver more than anyone we have ever run behind the curtain . almost two decade --- ( lock eye with benford ) we gotta try , sy . we owe he that . benford ( after a beat ) I will do everything I can to convince the 7th floor baron --- nate fuck everything you can , that be yesterday . today , it 's gotta be whatever it take . benford I need time to put all of this into play . you need to see she again --- nate not a good idea . benford if you do not sell she on some plausible explanation for where you have be , none of this will work --- int . suite - sariyer HOTEL - istanbul - later korch climb down the fire -escape , open the window and slip inside . move quickly to the unconscious volontov and hooker , korch strip they clothing and scatter it around . 101 . laying a naked hooker on the bed , korch arrange the sheet and pillow to make the bed look soile , sex in . korch lay volontov on the couch . a inspire think --- he drape the hooker on top of he , 69 - style so he old friend will wake to a vagina in he face . after admire he handy - work , korch grab a vodka bottle and return to the bed . strip himself , korch pour booze on he face and chest and get into bed . after a deep breath , close he eye . int . bedroom - dom' apartment - later that night dom awake in bed , eye close . phone ring , she pick it up . dom ( into phone ) yes ? yes , I be out -- no -- I just be worried that -- it 's okay . yes . so tomorrow night then . dom hang up . totally wire now , can not sleep . we move with she to the kitchenette , get some water . as she come back dom notice a small paper that 's be slip beneath she door . she pick it up , read it and tense . int . lobby - office build - athens - morning dom enter and make she way through the large , bustling lobby of a modern office building . cut to the stair . int . basement - office build - minute later make sure she be clear , dom use she tool to deftly pick a lock door , open it and enter ... int . phone room - office build - continuous dom stand before a open phone box , a massive grid of phone circuit interconnected with color wire . pull a lineman 's handset / voice scrambler from she purse , she find a circuit to wire into and then connect the clip to it . int . egorov be office - command CENTER - continuous egorov sit impatiently at he desk , stare at the green phone . through the window , we see he busy team . all the intel on the board be now devote exclusively to korch . a red-bulb on the phone suddenly light up . egorov answer . intercut between dom and egorov on the phone : egorov ( in russian ) how be thing proceeding with we friend ? 102 . dom ( in russian ) very well . egorov ( in russian ) do you go away with he , as indicate in you last message ? dom ( in russian ) yes . the trip be extremely effective . I be able to accelerate the pace and establish a emotional dependence . egorov ( in russian ) when do you return ? dom ( in russian ) Monday morning . egorov ( in russian ) can you account for he whereabouts since then ? dom ( in russian ) why ? be there something I should be aware of ? egorov ( in russian ) ( after hesitate ) I have identify the most likely candidate , and he 's be in Turkey for the last 48 hour . dom register where egorov be head ... egorov ( in russian ) ( cont 'd ) when be you last with we friend ? dom sit with it for a moment . after a beat of struggle with herself --- dom ( in russian ) we go to the cinema and then dinner last night . I be with he until this morning . egorov have a intent look on he face , think . dom ( in russian ) ( cont 'd ) hello ? still there ? egorov ( in russian ) yes . dom ( in russian ) I be suppose to see he tonight . 103 . egorov ( in russian ) keep I apprise . egorov hang up , wheel turn . dom hang up , can not believe what she just do . ext . STREET - moscow - morning gazing across korch 's street , we see a chaika limo pull up in front of a apartment building . korch get out and enter . int . hallway - just outside korch apartment - beat later korch at he door fumble to get he key out of he pocket . the door across the hall suddenly open , korch 's neighbor , a sweet old lady , appear and greet he with a anxious smile . korchnoi ( in russian ) ah , Miriam -- go out for a stroll ? old neighbor ( in russian ) yes . lean in close , the neighbor grab he hand and whisper . old neighbor ( in russian ) ( cont 'd ) they be in you apartment , the day before yesterday . after a hard gaze , she split to the elevator . korch open he hand , find a paper with a licence plate write on it . int . korchnoi be apartment - beat later korch step into he apartment , lock the door -- look around -- everything appear to as he leave it -- but nothing be the same . he accept this with a calm , fatalistic resolve . int . taverna - plaka - night nate be sweat ball , uptight . dom step through the door --- she 's stun . when she see nate , she smile inwardly . happiness . she take a deep breath to calm down . when he see she , he subtly gird himself . as she arrive at the table , he smoothly get up , pull out the chair for she . it 's rather unlike he , and she clock it . before he even say a word , she read he body language . his arm be cross , eye not meeting hers . restless finger . nate it 's good to see you . I be sorry again for last night . 104 . dom it 's okay , you try to call , I be not there . and I enjoy the movie anyway . nate ( take a drink ) well I feel really bad . I have just be deal with the fallout from some stuff . be a rough couple of day . dom be everything all right ? nate ( drink , look away ) I do something --- it be the right thing to do --- but now I be pay the price for it . dom can I help ? nate I just --- I wanna be with you . under the table , he slide he hand onto she thigh and up she skirt . as smooth as it be , she see the aggressiveness in he eye . nate ( cont 'd ) there 's a hotel down the street . c'mon , let 's get a room . before she know what 's happen , he drop money on the table , get up , and reach out for she hand . she 's try to read he . sense something 's off , she still take it . int . HOTEL room - plaka - little later a bedside lamp dimly illuminate a small hotel room with a view of the acropolis . a armoire with large mirror inlaid into its door face the foot of the bed . dom and nate enter ... she take in the space as nate lock the door and she move to turn off the lamp ... nate ( 0.s. ) leave it on . I want to be able to see you . nate wait for dom to come to he , so she do . they begin to kiss hungrily , until nate gently but purposefully stop she -- then sit in the chair next to the bedside table and stare at she stand before he . 105 . nate ( cont 'd ) take off you clothes . while maintain eye contact with he , dom slowly strip everything off , lay herself bare . nate break eye contact , drink in she body and then look past it --- gaze at the reflection of dom 's perfect ass in the mirror . dom look back at she reflection in the mirror --- and she eye find nate 's in the glass . nate ( cont 'd ) get on the bed . dom pull the cover off the bed and slide onto the sheet , lie on she side , face nate ... but he will not look at dom , only she reflection . nate ( cont 'd ) no , not like that . I want you up on all four -- dom throw nate a question look in the mirror --- but he give she nothing -- just wait for she to comply , and so she finally get up on all four , ass face the mirror . nate ( cont 'd ) ass up , face down . dom throw a uneasy look at nate who stay in the mirror . nate ( cont 'd ) do it . she do it --- and nate stare long and deep into she reflection -- get lose in that shit . nate ( cont 'd ) look at yourself in the glass --- remain in position dom cock she head back to look at she reflection . nate ( cont 'd ) look at I look at you . dom look at nate in the mirror look at she ass and body , but not she . nate ( cont 'd ) now touch it --- dom touch herself , but with this command , it 's now clear to she , everything have change --- 106 . nate ( cont 'd ) let I see you get yourself off --- it 's all in dom 's eye the whole terrible realization -- " he know -- he know who and what I be . " dom shut she eye and shut down -- we can see she entire be go numb , she life force deaden -- and even though she comply to nate 's direction , it 's mechanical , no feel or pleasure to it at all . just nothingness , until finally --- nate ( cont 'd ) this be bullshit . you be not even try --- ( stand , finally look directly into she eye ) I would rather jerk off to a playboy . and on that note , nate blow out of the hotel room . dom collapse on the bed and she whole world collapse in on she . curling up into a fetal position , she wrap herself in a desperate hug -- and weep like a wounded animal . int . hallway - HOTEL - continuous nate stand outside the room , back to the door , hearing dom 's anguish cry --- wallowing in he own devastation , until he finally turn and disappear down the hall . int . executive hallway - aquarium - day korch rumble down the hall like he want to stomp some ass . everyone he pass stand at attention and salute . int . andre sokolov' office - the aquarium - moment later sokolov sit across from two young officer . korch bust into the room . sokolov be pleased to see he , but read korch 's anger , he wave off the officer , who leave . sokolov ( in russian ) whatever it be , it can wait . we have something more important to discuss . sokolov step to he credenza , pour some vodka , hand one of the glass to korch , who pour the liquid out in front of he stunne boss and drop the glass to the floor . korchnoi ( in russian ) why do you want I to go to Istanbul when you could have send other ? 107 . sokolov ( in russian ) you expertise make you the best man . and the operation be a tremendous success . korchnoi ( in russian ) bullshit . it be a ploy to get I away so they could search my home . sokolov ( in russian ) what ? korch get into sokolov 's face . korchnoi ( in russian ) 36 year we have know each other , fight together , ble together . if you suspect that I be a traitor , then have the gut to say it to my face , instead of conspire with that cockroach from the Center . sokolov ( in russian ) I have no knowledge of any such activity , but the fact that you think I do --- korchnoi ( in russian ) I do not know what to think . all I know be that they be there . sokolov ( in russian ) who ? korchnoi ( in russian ) the Dark Prince . Lieutenant Colonel ivanovich egorov . sokolov process what it all mean , sit on he couch . korchnoi ( in russian ) ( cont 'd ) the only way egorov would be run a mole hunt be with the back of grenchenko . sokolov ( in russian ) ( nodd ) but that back be predicate on the possibility that it be a mole --- and now we know that it be not . ( off korchnoi 's surprise ) we find the line tap . korchnoi ( in russian ) when ? 108 . sokolov ( in russian ) last night the 2nd directorate follow a american operation officer to a manhole on Warsaw Blvd , near the valensky Bridge . they detain he as he attempt to extract data recorder from a vital trunk line connect the ministry with we Northern research facility . korch absorb the info , breath a sigh of relief , but quickly shift into feign rage and frustration . korchnoi ( in russian ) right in the middle of Moscow ! right under we nose ! sokolov ( in russian ) at least it 's over now and it 's the Center 's mess , not ours --- korchnoi ( in russian ) but this egorov , he be we problem . sokolov ( in russian ) yes . int . egorov' command CENTER - day everyone 's busy processing information . egorov be sit in he office read a report . a knock on the secure door . a team member step to the door , peer through the peep hole . team member ( in russian ) ( alarmed look to kosolov ) it 's grenchenko . kosolov give the guy a nod , he open the secure door . the Defense Minister step in follow by ten of he men . the Defense Minister march into egorov 's office . egorov stand at attention . defense minister ( in russian ) you have hear about the line tap ? egorov ( in russian ) yes , Minister . defense minister ( in russian ) I be terminate this operation -- effective immediately . egorov ( in russian ) Minister , please , we be so close --- 109 . defense minister ( in russian ) I tell you what would happen if you make this attempt and fail . egorov ( in russian ) two night ago korchnoi be in Istanbul , only a two hour flight from nash in athen --- defense minister ( in russian ) how could you possibly know that ? ( realize that egorov go around he ) a grave miscalculation . egorov ( in russian ) it 's he . Mark my word . defense minister ( in russian ) Mark they yourself . the Defense Minister head back into the bullpen and nod at he man , who start tear down and box up material . egorov watch , desperation ooze out of he like sweat . ext. / int . nate' apartment - athens - continuous stuff the last of he clothes into a duffel , nate give the place a last look , head out . int . observation post - apartment - continuous dom and Elena watch and listen as nate exit he apartment building and have a brief exchange with Zoe and thyia on the street . nate and the girl hug farewell . he throw he bag into he car and drive away . dom take off she headphone and step away from the camera . elena I be sorry thing do not work out --- dom do not register any emotional reaction . elena ( cont 'd ) what will they do when you return ? will you be all right ? dom drop the french accent for she natural Russian accent . dom I will be fine . elena ( after a beat ) I be go to miss you . dom begin slowly break down she equipment as she talk ... dom we have a name for people like you at the Center --- agent that be not conscript , bribe or manipulate into service -- but be instead motivate by a misplace love of mother Russia , a perverse idealism about communism . we call you " govnoe " --- shiteater --- and have only the deep contempt for you kind . you be the lowest of the low . you behavior be utterly incomprehensible to we . you see , the great wish of everyone in the Soviet Union be to be anywhere but the Soviet Union --- Mongolia , Greenland , the surface of the moon . and yet here you be in this magnificent country , where you can enjoy all the fruit of civilization -- fresh food at the market , soap that do not have lye in it , access to whatever you want to read or listen to . you can have anything you want and yet what you want be to risk everything for the Soviet Union !? ( lock eye with Elena ) you and you child deserve more more than we , more than George --- if you do not find a better life , then you be nothing but a shiteater . elena if what you be say be the truth --- then how come you do not defect ? why do not everyone defect ? dom eye she , sigh deeply and look out the window . dom because we be Russian . ext . various - street - athens - day various shot of massive protest through athen . tens of thousand march with sign , angrily bark anti-american chant , a raging river flow towards the US embassy . ext . HOTEL - athens - same time nate stand out on a fifth floor balcony , look down the block to see the protester surging past the hotel 's street . from inside he hear a knock on he door . int . room - HOTEL - athens - continuous nate open he door , let benford and gable in . gable you pick a helluva fuck day to bug out . gonna take you hour to get to the airport --- while pass a minibar , gable grab a handful of little liquor bottle . nate Flight do not leave ' till tonight . sitting next to benford , gable crank a bottle open and guzzle it . stuff the rest in he pocket . benford get word from gondorff in Moscow --- look like they buy into the line tap bust . it 's gonna be a squeaker , but we boy might just come out okay . relief coursing nate , he throw benford a look of gratitude . nate how would you clear it with the brass ? benford I do not . I just do it . gable you believe that shit ? legendary . nate they be gonna crucify you for it . benford Nah . I know too much . they will just clip my wing . nate ( cocked eyebrow at gable ) ballsy move for a guy with no ball . benford what 's that suppose to mean ? 112. gable I tell he that you ball be blow off in Korea ... benford Korea ? I be never in Korea --- nate gable , you be such a asshole --- gable hey , I be just try to help you get you mojo back . benford eye gable to shut up . nate what happen with the girl ? gable she dumped we coverage , go black on we last night . probably back in Moscow by now . nate nod , not give up any emotion . benford look , nate , you be in this business long enough , thing happen . but you do not get out , you get past it . nate no , thanks . I be do . gable c'mon , shitbird . what else be you gonna do if not this ? nate not be you . ( beat ) as much as I respect you guy , I do not wanna end up like you . no fuckin ' way . gable and benford understand and appreciate the truth of nate 's position . with nothing leave to say , they get up . benford I will try to grease the skid on you cycle out of langley . nate thanks , sy . nate earnestly shake he hand . shift to gable . they hug . gable reach out to I whenever you get to wherever the fuck you be go . as the man head to the door , gable swipe the rest of the liquor bottle , fist they into he pocket . nate smile . nate hey , marty , do I a favor , would you ? if and when luka come back , leave the kid alone -- ok ? gable flash nate grin before follow benford out . ext . HOTEL - athens - later nate lug he bag out of the hotel and to a wait taxi . he shove they in the back seat , get in . nate ellinikon . ( off the driver 's look ) do not worry , I get time . int . / ext . cab - outskirt of athens - later the cab drive through moderate traffic on a two - lane highway in a semi-industrial area on the outskirt of athen . they stop at a red light behind a utility van . nate 's semi-napp . Green light . traffic resume . suddenly the van slam its break . the taxi rear end it -- nate 's hurled forward into the back of the front seat -- just as a mercede rear end the taxi --- wedge the taxi --- as nate recover , seven masked terrorist with ak47 explode out of the van and mercede , quickly surround the taxi . terrorist #1 hold a AK to the terrify cab driver 's head , reach into the car , grab the key and toss they --- while terrorist #2 & terrorist #3 grab at nate , who resist --- terrorist#2 savagely smashes he with the butt of he AK --- as they speed drag nate to the van , terrorist # 1 pull a pistol and shoot out the cab 's driver side tire . terrorist return to they vehicle and tear off -- its all over in 45 second . int . van - athens - moment later nate be pin to the floor . terrorist # 2 hold a gun to he temple . terrorist # 1 be on nate 's back , drive he knee into he spine while handcuff nate 's hand behind he back , snap they super tight . terrorist # 3 duct tape he ankle . 114 . terrorist # 1 flip nate over and take he mask off , revealing it 's christos , luka 's cousin . christos what do you do to my cousin ? it all hit nate -- he can not believe it . nate you gotta be shitting I . christos smashes nate in the mouth , grab nate by the shirt --- christos luka go away with you and never come back . what do you do to he ? nate can not help but laugh . nate I do not do anything --- christos you be bullshit ! christos hammer nate in the nose , break it . blood gush -- christos ( cont 'd ) tell I now or we go to work on you later , but you be go to tell I . nate spit blood into christos 's face . nate eat my fuck . screen goe black as christos pull a hood over nate 's head --- ext . american club - kifissia , athens - early evening a police car and a black sedan screech to a halt at the american Club , a neo-classical mansion turn social club . two cop exit they car and two man climb out of the sedan , a CIA officer and the head of greek intelligence / kyp , nico marcos . they all rush into the building . int . american club - kifissia , athens - moment later marcos and the CIA Officer roll into the main room , which be pack with Americans . they spot gable , forsyth and benford sit in the corner , eat burger and cut over to they . gable see the grave look on they face . gable bernie , nico , what 's up ? this crazy kid torch the embassy ? forsyth sense from they lack of humor that it 's serious . marcos hesitates to speak in front of benford . forsyth it 's okay , he 's we boss . tell we . marcos Nathan nash be abduct by a armed group from he taxi while in transit to the airport . forsyth , gable and benford stiffen up . forsyth when ? marcos 3 hour ago . gable and we be just get it now ? CIA officer he be not on the dip list . they do not know he be one of ours . marcos the taxi driver give we a description of the vehicle involved . benford you will never find they . marcos we will not have ballistic until the morning , but it have all the signature of a N - 17 operation --- forsyth Christ --- marcos we be go to do everything possible --- enrage , gable swell to he foot . gable oh , like you do with the Welch hit ?! gable smack he glass off the table , shatter it against the wall . the room stop . he get into marcos 's face --- gable ( cont 'd ) Greek intelligence , fuck oxymoron ! if it be raining pussy you would get hit with the cock ! and with that gable storm out --- on a rampage ... ext . farm - peloponnese countryside , greece - night a remote farm in the corinth region . quiet but for the pulse of cricket . headlights move down a dirt road to the dark main farm house . the car stop in front , next to two other vehicle . the driver , a young Greek , get out . dom get out of the back . dom see a lookout with a ak47 and be spook . have no idea what this place be or who this people be . the Driver head inside . paranoia grow in she eye , dom hesitantly follow . int . farm house - peloponnese countryside - moment later dom walk in , see 5 terrorist kick it , listen to the news on the radio . she immediately recognize christos , throttling she anxiety with confusion . suddenly egorov step from the kitchen with a bowl of soup , greet dom with a heavy nod . she 's totally stunne to see he and deeply concerned , clearly have no idea this be come . egorov ( in russian ) ah. you be here . would you like something to eat , drink ? ( off she head shake ) come with I . she follow egorov down a hall to a steel door guard by a armed terrorist --- egorov gesture to a peep hole and dom look through it into : a large , windowless room , wall still hood , in he underwear , bolt to the floor . arm , leg restraint . a video camera on a dom try to restrain she shock cover in blanket . nate , sit in a metal armchair and chest secure with leather tripod aim at he . and dismay . dom ( in russian ) what have you do ? egorov ( in russian ) I have do nothing . I be not here . ( more ) egorov ( in russian ) ( cont 'd ) it be we comrade with November 17 who procure he and will claim responsibility . egorov nod at the guard , who unlock the door . int . bedroom - farm house - peloponnese - continuous dom and egorov enter , the guard close , lock the door . dom stand freeze as egorov remove nate 's hood . face swollen , crust in blood , nate squint , try to get orient . get he bearing , nate see egorov , then see dom --- nate and dom be try to not betray any emotion . egorov motion for dom to sit in the chair against the wall behind the camera . egorov you last name , nash --- you of course know what it mean in Russian . nate our . egorov yes . but it have another meaning , specific to the kontora . when we say someone be a " nash , " it mean he be one of ours ... a agent of ours . the irony be thick , yes ? ( off nate 's silence ) I be Lieutenant Colonel ivanovich egorov . I be very please to finally meet you . a large suitcase rest on a card table . egorov open it , reach under the clothes , pull up a secret flap to expose a array of medical equipment . he carefully remove and arrange each item on the table . egorov strap a blood pressure monitor around nate 's arm , pump it up , take he pressure and pulse . egorov ( cont 'd ) Department 12 of S Directorate have come a long way from the prehistoric day of intravenous ethanol , sodium thiopental , scopolamine . the problem with potent , short and intermediate - act hypnotics have always be reliability --- yes ? egorov move back to the table pick up a injection gun and affix a needle to it . grab a ampule of clear liquid . egorov ( cont 'd ) although they encourage talkativeness , it be next to impossible to discern the fact from the fiction in a subject 's blabberings . move back to nate , he hold up the ampule for he to see . egorov ( cont 'd ) this be what make sp - 117 so special . egorov snap the ampule into the gun . nate go nut try to bust free , strain so hard he nose start bleed . egorov wait for nate to give up , then jam the needle into he neck , inject the liquid , and stand back . egorov ( cont 'd ) do not worry , it will not put you into a twilight . you will be completely lucid , but you imagination be inhibit --- like a zoom on a camera lens , sp - 117 force the subject to focus on only that which they believe to be true . interestingly enough , it barely have a effect on woman --- something to do with hormone . ( hard glance at dom ) but we be work on this . after glance at he watch , egorov put the gun down , return with a retinascope and check nate 's eye . the drug be already start to work --- nate be try to breath through it . egorov turn on the video camera , wait patiently for a bit . egorov ( cont 'd ) mister nash , I would like to start by have you answer a simple question . ( beat ) what be the color of the fall snow ? nate be breathe hard , try to fight the drug . egorov ( cont 'd ) answer the question . ( beat ) what be the color of the fall snow ? nate Red . nate suddenly start laugh but be still fight . egorov what be the color of the fall snow ? nate ( weaker ) Red . egorov check he watch again , wait a beat . observe the drug take over , nate become tranquil . egorov what be the color of the fall snow ? ( beat ) what be the color of the fall snow ? nate --- White --- egorov yes . very good . now we can begin . int . lobby - soviet embassy - athens - night a bloodthirsty gable rumble into the Soviet embassy and to the desk clerk . armed soldier sentry around the room . gable yuri petrov --- tell he marty gable be here to see he . the clerk do not know what to do . gable slam he hand down on the desk and thunder --- gable ( cont 'd ) yuri fuck petrov !!! right now !!! few minute later : gable pace . the burly , bespectacle kgb rezident , yuri petrov approach gable , concerned . petrov this be most unusual . what 's wrong ? gable oh , like you do not fuckin ' know !? petrov Martin --- gable shut you dick - trap and listen to I ! anything happen to we guy nash , if he be not return to we in perfect condition within 24 hour , body be gonna start drop and this cold war 's gonna go very fuckin ' hot . 120 . petrov Martin , you have get to calm down . I swear to you on the soul of my child , we have nothing to do with --- gable savagely bitch slap petrov -- the Soldiers rush over , but a stunne petrov gesture they to hold off --- gable 24 hour -- gable blow out . disturb , petrov rush back upstairs . int . bedroom - farm house - peloponnese - later nate --- burst transmission ... benford , he tell I after I come back . egorov so when and where do you meet with General korchnoi ? nate Tuesday night , July 12th , in Istanbul . egorov ( look back at dom ) so you do not see Dominique at all the evening of July 12th ? nate we have a date ... I never show . egorov what be discuss at you meeting with korchnoi ? nate I do not know about the keyhole . they be search for a technical breach --- but also a mole hunt . Dominique . korchnoi tell I she be a Center op officer --- train as a sparrow --- but it feel real ... egorov what feel real ? nate we ... egorov we meaning you think you be in love with each other ? 121. nate yes . egorov ( look back at dom ) perhaps you be . ( turn back to nate ) what else do you and korchnoi talk about ? nate I want to exfil he , but he refuse . the line tap near valensky bridge ... egorov what about it ? nate I tell korchnoi we would blow it to give he cover ... egorov and there 's be no further contact with korchnoi subsequent to Istanbul ? nate no . egorov break into a big inward smile . he shut off the camera , pull the tape --- which he slide into he bag alongside four other tape . egorov snap another ampule into the injection gun and shoot nate up --- he body surge alive like shocked with electricity --- gasp for breath --- hyperawake . nate 's look at egorov like , " what the fuck just happen ? " egorov pack he equipment , zip he bag , carry it to nate . egorov ( in russian ) thank you for you candor and cooperation . I will be sure to give General korchnoi you regards . realizing what he 's give up , nate 's sense capsize --- melting down with rage and anguish , he start scream ! egorov look at nate with empathy , then gesture to dom . egorov ( in russian ) let 's go . dom follow egorov to the door . he knock . the door swing open . as they step out , the guard , disturb by nate 's insane scream , peek in , then close the door , lock it . 122 . int . hallway - farm house - peloponnese - continuous as egorov head to the main room , dom stand outside the metal door , cover she face , wallowing in nate 's scream . egorov reach the end of the hall , glance back at she , shake he head before disappear into the main room . dom suddenly whip around , v-strike the Guard in the neck with savage force , crushing he trachea . he drop , gasp . dom yank away he AK and sledgehammers he in the head -- knock he out -- nate 's scream cover the sound --- int . MAIN room - farm house - peloponnese - continuous egorov quietly talk with christos as the rest of the terrorist lounge around . christos glance over egorov 's shoulder , freeze --- the other guy look over --- dom leveling the AK --- she open up with control burst --- muzzle flash in a strobe light of death --- as she drop everyone in the room , include egorov , she strafe the wall , hot lead ignite the curtain --- as the flame grow , dom aim on the door , wait --- the door swing open and she blows the lookout away . she stand breathe , close to overload . get it together , she 's about to fire a kill shot into egorov when a bloody christos sweep she leg --- she slam down onto a coffee table , which collapse --- christos be immediately on she , pummel she -- blood gush from he thigh and shoulder wound as he start chock she . she try to push he off with one hand -- flail she other hand out , desperately try to grab whatever she can -- dom clasp a pen , jam it into the bullet hole in christos 's thigh --- as he recoil in agony , she grab the back of he head , pull he in tight to she face and drive the bloody pen straight into he ear as deep as she can --- christos shriek and wither --- dom scramble up , grab a pistol and finish he off --- the room be fill with smoke --- she grab egorov 's bag . int . bedroom - farm house - peloponnese - moment later dom bust in , smoke flow with she . nate 's stunne . she unbuckle he and he struggle to he foot . they flee --- 123 . int . MAIN room - farm house - moment later nate and dom struggle through the smoky room . she stop , remember --- look for the bag , she notice egorov be go . she scan around , see a blood trail out of the house . nate pull she to the door , grab lookout 's AK on the way --- ext . farm house - peloponnese countryside - beat later nate and dom emerge from the burn house into predawn night --- a car be miss -- in the distance , nate see red-taillights speed down the dirt road towards a highway . nate push dom to the passenger side of a Old mercede and run around to the driver side , get in . he rip out the ignition wire , hot wire it ... nate tear the car back , spin it around and haul ass in pursuit , no light on . ext . various - car chase - countryside - minute later egorov careen onto the two -lane highway , he bag on the passenger seat . he 's a mess , barely able to drive , close to delirious -- bullet wound in he upper chest and right leg ooze blood . every time he shift gear he scream in pain . nitro in he vein , nate stomp the gas , speed shift , and crank the wheel so the car slide onto the highway and tear after egorov --- dom get toss around --- the fiat 's engine whining as egorov fight through sweat and blood to keep he shit together . check the rear view , see the dim outline of the mercede , do not know what it be . nate gun it full bore , gain on egorov . he slide the AK to dom . she hammer the windshield with the butt of the gun , spiderwebbing the glass . smashes it again . then lean back in she seat and kick out the glass . the wind rush in . just as egorov hit a incline , he check he rear view , recognize the mercede bear down on he --- as the hill steepen near the top , the fiat engine scream in protest . he check the mirror : the mercede be close in --- egorov throttles over the crest . olive grove on both side of he , he kill he light , hang a leave onto a dirt road and cut through the tree . as nate crest the hill , he 's lose sight of egorov --- nate where the fuck be he ? 124 . dom spot the dust cloud between the olive tree --- dom there ! but they be already past the turn - off --- nate slam the brake --- dom be hurl up against the dash . he spin the car around and mash the gas , hit the dirt road . the mercede bounce along the rough trail as the dust cloud they car --- nate and dom shield they eye --- try to keep track of the taillight ahead of they --- high angle over dirt road the dawn sun ignite the scene --- dust cloud plume ahead as nate tear ass after egorov --- camera pan up to reveal : just beyond the end of the road and olive grove be the corinth canal --- 70 - foot wide and four mile long , the canal 's vertical hard rock wall drop 300 foot into the water below . thirty foot away from plow into the canal , egorov slow , use all of he strength to crank he wheel right , he slide onto a even dustier dirt road run parallel to the cliff . nate make the same move --- the dust consume the car --- dom ( cont 'd ) I can not see anything --- nate do not matter --- he 's right in front of we --- light he up ! dom spray fire into the dust cloud --- egorov go full bore , hear the gunfire - shot clanging into he car --- pop --- a bullet to the tire --- nate and dom see the fiat burst from the dust cloud in a murderous barrel roll --- nate ( cont 'd ) oh shit . nate gear down just as the fiat careen over the cliff ... the fiat plummet hundred of foot --- when it hit the water , the car shatter apart . nate and dom run from they car to cliff 's edge --- look down at the sink , mangle fiat carcass --- stand in utter silence , dom be reeling . 125 . nate ( cont 'd ) we gotta go . nate take she hand to pull she , but she do not move --- dom I must go to the Soviet embassy . if I do not come in --- if I do not go back , my sister will pay the price . this can not happen . bloody tear streaking down she cheek . nate look , we will figure it out --- but right now we gotta get out of here . nate put he arm around she , guide she to the car . int . korchnoi be office - the aquarium - day sokolov burst into korch 's office ... sokolov ( in russian ) have you hear about athen ? korchnoi ( in russian ) ( stiffen up ) no .... tell I everything . int . / ext . phone booth - outskirt of corinth - day nate be in a phone booth , chin the receiver , look out at dom . they be both clean up , wear poorly fitting steal clothes , but they face be batter . forsyth ( over phone ) no one know anything for the moment . it 's still in the box . you can not let she turn herself in . int . forsyth's office - CIA station - athens - same time gable , benford and forsyth sit around a speaker phone in forsyth 's secure office . benford ( into phone ) you need to calm she down . buy we a little time to figure out the narrative , how to frame it --- gable ( into phone ) we get a safehouse in loutraki -- 2402 latridi . we will get there as soon as we can . you get it ? 126. nate ( over phone ) yeah . nate hang up . benford we play this right , there could be lot of upside --- forsyth how long do we have ? benford 48 to 72 hour at the most --- ext . krasnoluzhsky rail bridge - moscow - night Moscow Chief of Station gondorff in disguise , wear a wig , fake beard and peasant hat , huddle with korch in the shadow of a rail bridge that span the Moscow River . gondorff she refuse to defect . she 's adamant about come back , face the music , so nothing happen to she sister . korchnoi then exfiltrate she sister . gondorff we could have do that before this happen , but now --- there 's just too much heat . korchnoi if she turn herself in , she will be they sacrificial lamb . they '1l execute she . gondorff we have tell she , but she 's intransigent --- korchnoi do she say why she do this ? why she save he ? gondorff she care about the guy --- amaze , korch shake he head , smile inwardly and mutter to himself in Russian --- gondorff ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? 127 . korchnoi ( deep sigh ) I think it 's time that I retire . ext . beachfront safe house - loutraki - greece - afternoon a beachfront compound shield from the street by large wall . there 's a main house and guest house . int . study - safe house - loutraki - greece - continuous nate and gable sit quietly in a study with a big desk , chair . nate gaze through the close french door into the live room where dom be in deep discussion with forsyth and benford . the longer they take , the more uptight nate get . nate I should be in there with she --- nate see dom throw a concerned glance at he , then turn to gable and forsyth and nod as if agree to something heavy . nate ( cont 'd ) what be they talk about ? what would they just get she to agree to ? gable will you stop with the bitching ? you be give I a fuck nose bleed . dom , forsyth and benford get up . dom look back at nate as the two man enter the study and close the door . nate stand in tense anticipation as benford sit behind the desk , forsyth on the couch . benford she 's go back . nate the fuck , sy !? she can not --- benford we can not stop she --- but , we think we have work out a move that can get she back safe and in the clear --- benford stop ... not want to continue , he look to forsyth . forsyth she 's get to go back a hero , nate --- but there 's only one way for she to do that . nate realize what he 's say , throw a glare at benford . 128. nate be this you idea , you sick twisted fuck ? benford no . it be he . gondorff meet with he last night , tell he what happen --- nate grab the top of the wood chair in front of the desk for support , lean down as if overwhelm with nausea . nate there 's gotta be another way ... benford he 's decide . this be what he want . you gotta respect that . nate shut he eye in dread --- grip tightens on the wood . and in a explosion of rage and frustration , he begin smashing the chair against the desk . the man be mesmerize and disturb as nate demolish the chair . finally he collapse . nobody know what to do except stand there . dom watch from the live room , face fill with anguish . ext . beachfront safe house - loutraki - greece - night a couple of CIA agent open the gate . a car roll in , they close the gate after . gable and dom get out of the car . forsyth and benford step out of the house to greet they . benford how would the call go ? you feed they the exact narrative we discuss ? gable I be stand right next to she at the pay phone . they buy it hook , line and sinker . think she 's underground , on the run . benford so the pick - up 's set ? gable and forsyth exchange a know look . gable sy , I will brief you on the detail . forsyth he 's upstairs . we have some dinner bring in for you both . let 's talk in the morning . get some rest . 129 . forsyth , gable , and benford head over to the guest house and dom walk into the main house . int . bedroom - beachfront safe house - moment later nate 's lay on the bed , look helpless and miserable . dom pad in , sit on the bed next to he . he take she hand . nate what do you do when nothing in you life go right ? dom ( softly ) go leave . nate when 's the pick -up ? dom Midnight tomorrow . in meteora . nate can not believe you be go back . ( beat ) I do not know how you be gonna get through this . dom imagine you imagine I --- this be how I will survive . they kiss passionately , slowly remove each other 's clothes , and begin to make love . dissolve to : ext . beachfront safe house - minute later nate usher dom to the back of a utility van with four CIA agent dress like average Greeks wait inside . she 's about to say something to he , but she eye take over and tell he what she voice can not . nate lean in close and whisper something into she ear ... they give each other a delicate kiss and hug for last time . dom get into the van . as it drive off through the gate nate get into a car with gable and benford . gable tear out , head in the opposite direction . int . korchnoi be apartment - moscow - night dress casually , a drunk korch sit smoking and finish a glass of Old rip Van winkle . he stub the cig out , stagger up , revealing a glimpse of a belly - holster pistol . 130 . korch empty the rest of the bottle into he glass , take out a record , put it on he turntable , drop the needle and turn it up full blast . as the orchestral intro of Lee hazlewood 's " sundown , sundown " kick in , korch conduct with he hand . ext . meteora - greece - night the music continuing over --- high angle over a epic panorama of meteora , a majestic , forest mountain valley dot with titanic sandstone butte jutting thousand of foot high . a two - lane highway snake through the area . close on dom on the forest floor , hide in a thicket of tree just off the road , eyeing the highway , wait . pull back to : ext . mountainside overwatch - meteora - continuous nate , gable , and benford nestle on a mountainside look down at dom 's position through binocular . int . korchnoi be apartment - moscow - same time korch in he chair sing along with total abandon . ext . mountainside overwatch - meteora - same time the music continue ... benford can see nate 's anxiety . nate they be gonna put she on the box , sweat she on every detail . benford she can handle it . nate what if they do not buy it ? gable what 's not to buy ? she deliver korchnoi to they on a silver platter . benford we be make a big deal out of this . the rest of the world 's gonna think we get we ass outplay by they top female op officer . gable it 's a fuckin ' public relation bonanza for the kremlin . ( more ) 131 . gable ( cont 'd ) they be gonna turn she into the superhero of every little girl and the wet dream of every little boy . she will be bulletproof , the Center 's new star . suddenly , a set of headlight approach from a couple mile away at the end of the valley . benford check he watch . benford it 's they . int . korchnoi be apartment - moscow - same time korch guzzle the rest of the bourbon , rock to the song --- through the window behind he : on the street , a phalanx of black car pull up . a SMALL army of kgb pile out , rush inside . ext . roadside - meteora - same time music continuing . through the tree , dom see the approach headlight . ext . mountainside overwatch - meteora - continuous music continuing . nate , gable , and benford watch as the car pull over , kill its light , and wait . ext . roadside - meteora - continuous music continuing . dom cut through the tree to the side of the road . a man be wait by the car 's open back door . she get in , he slam the door shut , but instead of hearing it , we hear fist pounding on a wood door --- int . korchnoi be apartment - moscow - same time the door be kick down --- a hoard of kgb agent bust in , follow by sokolov --- to find korch stand with a gun levele at they . the kgb guy draw they gun . sokolov and korch lock in a grim , devastate gaze . korch look like he 's about to pull the trigger --- but before he can , the kgb Agents fire --- and korch be kill ina blaze of gunfire . a teary sokolov turn off the record player . ext . mountainside overwatch - meteora - continuous everything quiet , just the wind . nate , gable and benford watch the car pull away and head down the road . nate he 's go --- 132 . gable you do not know that --- nate I know he ... benford if korchnoi end it on he own term , it be a good death . nate go out while get blow by Pam grier , that 's a good death , not this . the man watch the car 's tail light recede in the distance . benford see nate 's all break up . benford do not worry , you will see she again . nate in my dream --- benford she 's agree to work for we , nate . nate study benford 's face , see that it 's real --- benford ( cont 'd ) we want you to run she from Helsinki . gable actually , we do not want you involved at all , but it 's the only way she would let we put she in the harness --- nate look back out at the car . after a beat --- nate as soon as the time be right , I be get she and she sister out . benford that could be a while --- the tail light disappear around a butte . nate I know . Brian eno 's " needle in the camel be eye " kick in hard as we ... CUT to black .