screenplay by jon hoeber & erich hoeber base on the graphic novel " red " by Warren Ellis summit entertainment first draft , revise 1630 Stewart Street , suite 120 November 14 , 2008 Santa monica , CA 90404 fade in : int . franks house - bedroom - night frank mose lie awake in bed , wait for the beginning of the day . 4:59 am change to 5:00 and he get up . int . franks house - kitchen - dawn wearing a tatter bathrobe , Frank watch he coffee brew . he 's compact and in good shape with broad shoulder and close- cropped hair . he could be 5as , could be 60 - he have this grizzle quality that make it tough to tell . int . franks house - live room - day like the rest of the house , the live room be only nominally furnish : a sofa , lamp , and a shelf of record . Frank crank out a set of pushup . Frank crank out jump jack . Frank crank out sit-up . not crunch ... sit-up . int . franks house - kitchen - day Frank eat two egg and dry toast at the small table . one small fry pan , one plate , one knife , and one fork be set in the rack to dry . ext . franks house - day wearing a devastatingly uncool sun hat , Frank pick a lone weed from the dirt around he rose , then stand back to admire they : they be withere and sickly . he look over sourly at the rose next door : a dazzle array of color . a young mom come out of the house with a baby ina stroller . mom hi , Mr. mose . Frank put on a smile and give she a wave . int . supermarket - day Frank contemplate a shelf full of can of bean . he start load up he cart - at least 50 can . another aisle Frank load up 50 can of spinach . checkout counter a teenage cashier eye Frank as she ring he up . cashier guess you like bean . frank they be all right . int . franks house - kitchen - day Frank put he grocery away , revealing that he cabinet be already fill with can . he carefully place the new one in back , rotate he stock . int . live room - day Frank go through he mail , toss the junk , leave only one letter : a green envelope . he tear it open : a check from the U.S. government . pull a lp from a shelf of vinyl record , Frank drop it onto the stereo and lower the needle . pick up the phone , he take a deep breath and dial . operator ( v.0 . ) May I have you social ? frank five four three , six six , two two nine one . pension service please . operator ( v.0 . ) thank you Mr. mose . please hold for you representative . there 's a series of click as the call be transfer . intercut - int . huge office - day - continuous row of cubicle stretch out beneath the fluorescent lighting , fill with operator on headsets . 3 . sarah ross , older then 30 , but we will not say more than that , sit in a cubicle spruce up with spider plant , postcard , and picture . she 's pretty , conservative look , and bored . sarah hi , this be Sarah . frank hey . it 's Frank mose . she immediately brighten . sarah hey Frank . what 's go on ? frank nothing really . I be just call because I do not get my check again . sarah oh jeez . I can not believe they have not work this out . I will make sure they get another one out today . frank it 's no big deal . whenever you get around to it . sarah I be just sorry this happen again . Frank lean back , tear up he check . frank what be you gonna do ? a pause draw out between they . frank ( cont would ) well , I guess ... sarah so how be you rose do ? Frank hurriedly answer ... frank it 's a massacre . I have get rust and mold . now I have spray they so much they have chemical burn . sarah you try soapy water ? he light frank that work ? sarah I swear . hey what be you listen to ? up . frank it 's the chirp cricket ; buddy Holly 's first album in ' 57 . sarah never hear it . frank it 's before you time . Hell , it 's before my time , but it 's a amazing record . it have the first release version of " that will be the Day . " she smile . sarah you have a lot of free time , do not you ? frank Little bit . yeah . ( beat ) I do not have the foggiest idea what to do with myself . sarah what do you do before you retire ? frank I be in the diplomatic corps . this strike a chord . sarah really ? I would give anything to travel more . frank believe I , it 's not so fun when it 's business . sarah I just want to quit my job and move to Spain for six month . frank you should . you would have a amazing time . sarah I can see why retirement would be hard . maybe what you need be to fall in love with something new . Frank smile . frank yeah . I guess so . a annoying look woman with a pinch face appear at the edge of Sarah 's cubicle . sarah my supervisor . I gotta go . Sarah hang up and aggressively stare the woman down . sarah ( cont would ) what ? int . franks house - bedroom - night Frank sit on the floor of the darken room , repeatedly bounce a rubber ball against the wall and catch it . int . sarah' apartment - night Sarah sit at the table in she kitchen eat dinner alone and read a spy thriller . ext . franks house - day head inside , Frank sort through he mail . two piece of junk and another green envelope . he smile . int . huge office - day - continuous Sarah 's on she headset . sarah you need excitement . a passion . something that make you feel alive . intercut - int . franks house - kitchen - day - later Frank dump a can of spinach into a pot . frank excitement be overrate . sarah how can you say that ? everyone need excitement . the most I get be fight with my mother . frank what about ? sarah she keep try to set I up on blind date with she bridge partner ' kid . she just tell I she 's worried I be gay . ( suddenly concerned ) I be not , by the way . frank good to know . sarah I think we need to talk about something else . Frank can not help but grin . frank what be you read this week ? sarah just a romance . frank what ? sarah it do not matter . frank ( teasing ) come on . there 's a long guilty beat . sarah it 's call Love 's Savage secret . Frank mull this over . frank be it good ? sarah it 's terrible ! I love it ! the lead be a sort of a Britney / Lindsay character maroon on this island with she tennis pro and a prince . frank who 's Britney Lindsay ? sarah very funny . Frank be serious , but let it go . frank hey , hold on a second , I want you to hear this . he carefully put on a record and drop the needle . buddy Holly 's that will be the day echoe out . they both listen . sarah I like this . frank it 's cool , right ? sarah yeah . they listen for another minute . sarah ( cont would ) I better be get back to work . frank yeah , course . I do not mean to keep you . sarah I be glad you do . I will talk to you soon ? frank you bet . int . franks house - live room - night Frank sit read Love 's Savage secret , bite he lip as he turn the page . int . franks house - bedroom - night Frank climb into bed and turn out the light . the clock change from 10:59 to 11:00 . he lie in the darkness , stare up at the ceiling , wait to get tired . that'll be the day , fade to a close . buddy holly ( v.0 . ) that will be the day - ay - ay that I die . ext . franks house - night - establishing the house be quiet and still against the suburban night . int . franks house - bedroom - night Frank lie on he bed , stare at the ceiling . it 's 3:22 . he pick up the glass beside he bed , but it 's empty . get up , he shrug into he tatter bathrobe . int . franks house - upstair hall - night Frank shuffles out of he bedroom and down the hall to the bathroom . but as he pass the stair , the camera hold on the darkness of the stairwell ... ... and the darkness suddenly come alive with motion : three commandos in hi-tech body armor , night -vision , and weaponry be right there . from a small case , the leader take out a full syringe . the second reach past he with a snoop scope link to he head up display : the hall be clear , the door at the far end swinging close . they move silently into the hall , listen to the water run : the leader with the syringe , the second empty-hand , ready for the take down , the third with a machine pistol . the bathroom door stand ajar , spilling out bright light . the commando lift they night -vision as they move down the hall , past the guest room , close in . wham ! they kick in the door revealing ... ... the empty bathroom ... ... as Frank step out of the darken guest room behind they in he robe and bare foot . the three man whip around , startle ... whap ! the commando close to Frank go down . 9. the second swing , but he leg be sweep from under he , Frank 's heel crush he throat as he hit the floor . the leader lunge with the syringe , but it 's twisted out of he hand and suddenly in he arm ... plunger press . stare at Frank , the commando 's eye flutter and drop . Frank be leave stand alone amidst the body . he be not even breathe hard . he crouch down , look they over without emotion . int . franks house - basement - night Frank grab a sledge hammer at the bottom of the stair , step to the middle of the room and swing . crack ! a thin layer of cement shatter . sweep fragment away , he pull out a bury locker . Inside be brick of cash and a array of passport . Frank quickly stuff a satchel . then he unwrap a old 1911 model .45 semiautomatic and add it as well . finally he grab a old set of miliary dog tag and put they in he pocket . int . franks house - bedroom - night Frank finish dress , pick up the phone , and dial . operator ( v.0 . ) May I have you social ? frank five four three , six six , two two nine one . status red . he hang up and head out . but the phone ring . he stop , listen to it echoing eerily through the house . finally he pick it up , hold it to he ear , wait . voice ( v.0 . ) Frank mose ? without answer , Frank move beside the window , up against the wall , slightly pull back the drape and glance out . 10 . a white van be park at a odd angle across the street , the back door open . ext . franks house - continuous Pov from inside the van : we see the bit of curtain move . click : suddenly it 's the same view in infrare , Frank 's heat signature clear as day . int . franks house - continuous Frank catch a glint of light from the van . explode into motion , he drop the phone and run all out down the hall as ... pfft ! pfft ! pfft ! Three 40 mm grenade be launch into the house and ... boom ! a fireball roar down the hall as ... Frank smashes through a second floor window ... ext . franks house - continuous .. hit the roof , and spill into the yard in a shower of glass . ext . franks house - continuous stepping from the back of the van , a FOURTH commando sling he six - round grenade launcher and raise binocular , surveying the destruction . catch a glimpse of motion he lower the lense ... ... Frank be twenty foot away , charge straight at he ... the commando scramble for he sidearm but ... wham ! ...- he 's tackle straight back into the van . the rear door be pull close , the engine start , and the van pull out , disappear in to the night . ext . boston suburb - night - establishing supere title : somerville , massachusett Boston rise in the distance behind this cute suburb by the Charles River . 11 . ext . sarah' house - night Sarah head up the walk with a guy a full head short than she be . sarah I have a nice time tonight . thank you . fred watch she unlock the door . fred be not you go to invite I in ? sarah sorry Fred . say hi to you mom for I . int . sarah' house - live room - night kick off she shoe , Sarah slide out of she dress and pull on a oversize shirt already laid out on a chair beside Love 's Savage secret . settle in , she crack the book , but then think again and get up . walk into the kitchen , she grab a glass , ice , and a pour of bourbon . then she shake she head ... sarah Fred . ... and pour a little more . head back to she book , she pass Frank . shriek , she jump , the glass smash on the floor . Sarah grab a vase to defend herself as Frank put up he hand . frank hey ! hey ! it 's Frank mose . sarah stay back ! frank it 's I . ( beat ) you eat tasty cake for lunch and you mom think you be gay . she stare , world collide , she fear turn to anger . 12 . sarah Jesus Christ ! she protectively pull down she shirt to cover more of herself , back away . sarah ( cont would ) what the hell be you do here ? Frank step forward , hand still up . frank you have to get out of the house . sarah what be you talk about ? frank it 's not safe here . it 's my fault and I will explain , but right now , I need you to come with I . she stare at he nervously . sarah I think you would better leave . he pick up a small suitcase from the floor . sarah ( cont would ) that 's my bag . frank I pack for you . she look around , reeling . sarah do you ... do my dish ? Frank 's clearly guilty . pull it together , she put on a authoritative tone . sarah Frank . I always like you . but I be not about to ... Sarah freeze in fear as he draw he .45 . but he 's stare past she out the window , where a car pull up across the street . frank right now , out the back . 13 . sarah I be not go anywhere ! Frank 's tear , feel the second tick by , not sure how to handle this . frank I be never a diplomat . I be in the CIA , and someone be try to kill I . that mean there 's be surveillance . they have listen to we phone call and they be go to come after you as leverage . sarah I be call the police . the car door open and three man get out , crossing the street toward Sarah 's . int . car - drive - night Frank 's behind the wheel with Sarah 's purse on he lap , go through it as he smoothly drive , toss a nail file and she can of pepper spray out the window . frank this could not be more different from how I hope to meet you , you know , if we ever even do meet . he come up with she cell phone and toss it out too . frank ( cont would ) but thing happen and I think it 's important to be flexible . he pause , take a breath , know it 's not go well , but really try . frank ( cont would ) you know what I mean ? Frank glance back for reassurance . reveal Sarah , tie and gag in the back seat , stare dagger at he . ext . best bet roadside motel - dawn - establishing as dawn break , Frank pull into this quiet , anonymous ranch - style motel . 14 . int . motel room - dawn Sarah sit on the bed watch Frank warily as he unty she wrist then reach for the tape on she mouth . frank sorry . he rip it off . sarah ow ! frank you want some water ? she look at he , scared but in control . sarah if you let I go right now , I will not press charge . frank I be not kidnap you . sarah what do you think you just do ! frank you be in danger . sarah no I be not ! even if you be not completely full of crap and people be after you , no one care about I . frank they know I call you . they have listen . sarah so what ? Frank can not quite look at she , embarrassed . sarah ( cont would ) what ? ; frank ( die ) they know ... I like you . she be not sure how to respond . sarah you hardly know I . 15 . frank I know you . she look away . sarah if you be really CIA , why do not you just call they ? frank I do not know how this guy find I . ( beat ) I have to see someone . I need you to stay here until I get back . sarah you just want I to sit here ? frank you will be perfectly safe . no one know where you be . he pick up the tape and tear off a fresh piece . she look at he in confusion and fear . frank ( cont would ) I will be back soon . she realize what 's about to happen . sarah no ! you crazy kidnap pervert sonofabitch . you can kiss my ... Frank tape she mouth . int . expensive high rise condo - home office - day supere title : philadelphia william cooper , 30 , sit at a desk , tear open a manilla envelope with latex glove . he wear a conservative suit and tie , but he haircut and bear be that of a soldier . pull out several 8x10 black and white photo , he drop they on the desk : they be of a man and woman in a tryst . bathroom Cooper take out a sheet of plastic with a dozen blonde hair press onto it . 16 . lift they one by one with tweezers , he place they on a brush , in the shower drain , in the dust on the floor . as he phone vibrate , he check the number and answer . cooper hey hon . he take out plastic sheet with individual fingerprint press into they . laying one on the corner of the mirror , he peel back the plastic , leave the print . cooper ( cont would ) no I think I will be on time tonight . kitchen Cooper walk past someone struggle to maintain he precarious tip - toe balance on a chair , he hand secure behind he back and he neck in a noose . cooper ( cont would ) okay , well I will talk to the boy about it when I get home . bedroom Cooper lay fingerprint on the leave side of the bed and nightstand . cooper ( cont would ) I will . I promise . kitchen Cooper walk back in . cooper ( cont would ) okay . Love you . bye . desperate , the man from the tryst photo try to look down at Cooper while keep balanced . he 's 5as , heavyset but well groom , wear a suit that cost thousand . man ( Eastern european accent ) listen . I can make you rich . Cooper ignore he , make a note on he pda . man ( cont would ) you don't ignore I ! don't you know who I am ? Cooper glance up with no reaction . 17 . cooper actually , I do not have the slight idea . he kick the chair out from under he . leg dance wildly in the air behind Cooper as he phone buzze again . he check the text : " franklin sq . 10 min . " the leg still . Cooper remove the padded restraint from the wrist of the dead man and head out . ext . GREEN spring assisted live - day - establishing at least that 's the sign . but there 's no green . just crack pink stucco as far as the eye can see . supere title : WASHINGTON , D.C. int . assisted live facility - day joe matheson sit in a wheelchair in he small one- room apartment , struggle to reach the rabbit ear of a tiny crap tv . Joe 's a man from another era - 90 and frail - but he white hair be neatly parte and slicked back , and he wear a three - piece suit with a gold chain and pocket - watch . smack the side of the television , he shake it , make a hell of a racket until ... nurse be that thing act up again ? Joe glance back and smile at the cute nurse in he doorway . joe yeah . can you give it a shot marna ? marna of course . he roll out of she way and settles in to watch as she 's force to lean way over to reach the antennas . marna ( cont would ) I do not see why you do not move this lower . he admire she ass . 18 . joe better picture . try a little to the leave . ( beat ) that 's get there . reveal Frank step into the doorway , take in the scene . he clear he throat . Joe look over as the nurse straighten up . marna well , I think that do it Mr. matheson . she walk out , place a hand on Joe 's arm as she pass . marna ( cont would ) see you later . joe thanks marna . Frank watch she go , marvel . frank you be unbelievable . Joe grin devilishly , struggle to he foot and pull Frank into a huge hug . joe you timing be terrible , kid . I do not see you in forever and when you finally show , you be cut into my action . frank be that why you be always tell I not to come ? Frank help he sit back down . joe it 's goddamn embarrassing you see I like this . frank who do you think you be talk to , Joe ? joe I never think it would happen to I . get old . the thing we do , I never think I would still be alive . Hell , I can not believe you be alive . 19 . frank yeah , well , I retire . joe you ? ha ! can not be . I remember recruiting this wet-behind - the-ear army punk like it be yesterday . Frank can not help but smile . joe ( cont would ) what would you do ? marry the girl next door ? Frank hesitates . insert - int . motel room - day Sarah lie on the bed , mouth tape , hand and foot tie to the bed frame , furiously struggle to get loose . return to scene frank not exactly . ( beat ) I get a visit from a wet team last night . joe ( stunne ) Jesus . how would that go ? frank you have someone you trust in the company who can run some id ? joe sure . get the print ? Frank toss he a squishy plastic bag . Joe peer inside , disgust . joe ( cont would ) you know there be a time this be a gentleman 's game . ext . philadelphia - franklin square - day - establishing mom walk baby , a pack of kid kick around a soccer ball , and parent casually watch the action . 20 . Cooper walk along the edge of the game , stop beside a heavy , bald man , 5as , in a conservative suit hold a newspaper . they both watch the soccer game . man we have a action go south . I need you to clean it up . he hand Cooper the newspaper . man ( cont would ) this be from the top . it 's off the book . total blackout . no log . no record . be we clear ? cooper yes sir . Cooper open the newspaper , revealing a file . the first page be a long -lense photograph of Frank water he rose . man that 's you primary target . there be a previous team . they be dead . Cooper flip through the file , read . cooper he be CIA . man be that a problem ? Cooper close the file and tuck the paper under he arm . cooper no. ext . assisted live facility - day Joe and Frank sit on a small patio in the shade . Joe 's on a cell phone take note . joe okay . you too . thanks . he hang up . joe ( cont would ) it be a South African team . very elite . they only work for major government . Joe give he pass 21 . frank Christ . he a hard look . joe what the hell do you do ? frank nothing ! I be out ! I have be sit on my ass kill rose . joe one of they be also a print match to a nypd crime scene . a woman be kill a couple month back . he note to Frank , but nothing click . frank I do not know she . ___ ( angry ) this do not make any sense . who would come after I now ? joe give I a day . I will make some call . see what I can find out . frank just be careful . this guy be motivate . joe ( laugh ) Hell , kid . I be ninety year old with stage iv liver cancer . what do I have to be afraid of ? int . operation CENTER - day this cramped high - tech nerve center be fill with computer , data and video feed . thomas and jackson , 30 , cold and hard , stand with Cooper , sorting through the detritus of Frank 's life spread out on table : phone bill , mail , trash , receipt ... jackson in six month this guy do not make a single personal phone call . no credit card , no voicemail , no computer , no tv. 22 . cooper run the ten pay phone close to he house . a phone ring and Thomas grab it . thomas yeah ? ( to Cooper ) D.C. Metro 's respond to a 911 call from one Sarah Ross . ext . best bet roadside motel - day - establishing Three police cruiser and a ambulance be out front , light flash . police officer have cordon off the area . ext . ambulance - day Sarah sit on the tailgate be check out by a paramedic as a young cop stand protectively beside she . she 's stress out and shake . sarah I need to call my family . paramedic just finish up . he strip the blood pressure cuff and the cop help she up . young cop we will get you a phone , but they want I to take you downtown for a statement . there 's also a bunch of federal guy who want to talk to you . sarah be this go to take long ? he grin . young cop definitely . ext . STREET - day Sarah follow the cop around the corner to he cruiser . voice ( 0.s. ) hey ! 23 . a older , plainclothes detective , approach . plainclothes detective where be you take she ? young cop ( confuse ) what do you mean ? insert - ext . parking structure rooftop - continuous Cooper look down from the rooftop , watch the two cop through binocular . cooper ( into headset ) take he out . return to scene the detective 's startle as , pfft ! pfft ! he take two in the chest from a silenced pistol in the young cop 's hand . stun , Sarah back away , but he grab she , jabbing a hypodermic into she arm . sarah no ! he pop the trunk of the cruiser , force she inside ... ... but suddenly the cop 's grab from behind . crunch ! he fall ... ... revealing Frank . Sarah woozily stare at he and then the two dead body . sarah ( cont would ) you just kill that man ? frank yes . he pull open the syringe and taste what 's inside . sarah be I go to die ? frank just sleep . you probably need it . he help she into the passenger side of the cruiser . 24 . sarah I be very tired . slide behind the wheel he pull out . Sarah lean against he , watch the world slide by with heavy lid . sarah ( cont would ) Frank ? frank yes . sarah this be just like in Love 's Savage secret , where the tennis pro save she from the jihadist . ... and she 's out . wham ! a sedan slam into the side of franks car at 40 mph sending both car spinning in a shower of glass . open he door for cover , Cooper 's unload round into Frank 's police cruiser . but as he whip out he magazine and reload , Frank pop back up behind the wheel , peel out in shriek of burn rubber and twisted metal . Cooper track the cruiser , firing until it disappear around a corner . int . police cruiser - continuous driving with one hand , Frank 's on the radio . frank Shots fire ! Officer down ! sth and Douglas ! suspect be a white male , 30' , dark suit , white shirt ... int . sedan - continuous back in the car , Cooper punch it , peel around the corner after Frank , accelerate fast , but then abruptly screeching to a stop . Frank 's cruiser be park on the street . jumping from he car , gun ready , Cooper approach , angle around to see inside ... it 's empty . 25 . take he time , Cooper survey the scene : Frank 's car hiss coolant ; a dead -empty street of small business . whipping up he gun at motion , Cooper look down he sight at a clerk in the flower shop in front of he , stare at he in wide - eye fear through the open door . on both side of Cooper , police car turn onto the street , screeching to a halt 100 foot back and spilling out cop . cop Drop you weapon ! Cooper weigh he option . then he put down the gun and raise he hand . int . florist shop - continuous stepping into sight with Sarah unconscious in one arm , Frank move he .45 from the clerk to cover Cooper . the two man stare each other down . frank ( to the clerk ) out the back . car key . now. int . assisted live facility - joe' room - day Joe matheson 's on the phone , worried , jotting something on a piece of paper . joe I appreciate it . okay . bye . he fold the paper and scrawl Frank 's name on it . Rolling to he dress table , Joe straighten he tie , comb he hair back , and pick up he wallet and key . behind he , the door to he room open and two man in suit step inside , pull the door shut . Joe coldly eye they in the mirror , slip the paper into the dresser . one suit take out a gun . the other pick up a pillow . joe so it 's like that then ? suit yeah . it 's like that . Joe nod , resign . 26 . int . car - brooklyn - day supere title : brooklyn , new york Frank sit in a suv park in front of a apartment building , sip coffee . across the river be the skyscraper of Manhattan . Sarah stir , waking in the passenger seat beside he . frank hey . she look around , disorient and panicky . frank ( cont would ) take it easy . you be okay . off balance , she try to calm down . sarah how ... ( beat ) how long be I asleep ? frank about six hour . coffee ? she nervously look he over and take it . sarah thanks . ( beat ) thanks for save I . he nod . she take a sip . frank how would you get free ? sarah I work the headboard loose and burn through the rope with the heater 's pilot light . Frank 's impressed . sarah ( cont would ) I be sorry I do not believe you . frank I be sorry I tie you up . a beat . sarah who 's do this ? 27 . frank I do not know . she 's have trouble grasp it all . sarah I be suppose to have dinner with my parent tonight . frank you be not go to make it . and if you call they , they be go to get hurt . do you understand ? she nod , unnerve by he intensity . sarah what happen now ? frank the man who come after I kill the daughter of a woman who life in that building . I be hope we can figure out the connection . she consider this . sarah I guess you be go to be stick with I for a while . Frank look at she in surprise . frank yeah . Sarah absently pick a piece of car safety glass out of she hair and look questioningly at Frank . he shrug . int . nice apartment build - day Frank and Sarah stop at number 2d . frank one sec . he open he satchel and grab the duct tape . frank ( cont would ) hold this . then he take out a drug bottle and fill a syringe , tapping out the bubbles . 28 . sarah what be you do ? I think we be go to talk to she ! frank we be . this will just help . sarah the woman lose she daughter ! she grab the syringe . sarah ( cont would ) people be basically nice , Frank . she knock on the door . he look at she sourly . frank that have not be my experience . sarah I think maybe I should do the talk . int . apartment - live room Sarah and Frank sit on the sofa opposite mrs . chan , 60 , who hand Sarah a photo of she smile 30ish daughter . mrs . chan she give I this picture the week before she die . it be the last time I see she ... the police say it be just a burglary . Sarah put a sympathetic hand on she arm . sarah we do not know it be anything other than that . you say Stephanie be a reporter ? Mrs. Chan nod , choke up . sarah ( cont would ) do you know what she be work on ? mrs . chan no . Sarah notice write on the back of the photo : a cross follow by 1980 1745 126 . sarah what 's this number ? 29 . mrs . chan I do not know . it 's Stephanie 's write . I try dial it . the police have no idea . Frank stare at the number . ext . new york public library - day - establishing int . new york public library - day Frank and Sarah walk through the foyer . frank it 's a dead drop . that code be a call number for a book . sarah call number start with letter . frank Library of Congress do . Harvard - yench be a system for asian language book . 1980 be the number for Christian literature : the cross . sarah how could you possibly know that ? frank wo zhu zai Zhongguo ji nian qian . sarah Christ . you speak chinese ? frank I be there for a few year . int . new york public library - stack - day study call number , Frank pull a book from the shelf , and open it . Inside be a single sheet of paper : a type list of almost twenty name . sarah unbelievable . one of they be " frank mose . " sarah ( cont would ) what be this ? frank I do not know . 30 . int . new york public library - computer - day Sarah sit at a terminal with the list between they . sarah hank maestriano ... die two week ago in a car crash . Daniel mcginty , heart attack last week . Aaron burke ... suicide four day ago . frank Jesus . it 's a hit list . pull out a cell phone , he quickly dial . sarah this one guy be still alive , I think . Gabriel loeb . he fly cargo plane . frank ( into phone ) who be this ? ( pause ) marna ? where 's Joe ? intercut - int . assisted live facility - continuous Joe 's nurse marna stand shake and stammer . behind she , Joe 's apartment be swarm with cop . marna Mr. mose ? frank what happen ? marna Mr. matheson have disappear . there 's ... there 's blood everywhere . she silently break down . detective ( 0.s. ) look like two shooter ... Frank 's reeling . frank no ... marna they find a note with you name on it . he talk about you all the time . he love you like a son . 31 . frank marna . what do it say ? marna it be just two word . ( beat ) the company . Frank hang up , stunne . he 's beside himself . frank Joe 's dead . she reach out to he , but he get up . he 's cold with fury , stir to the core of he be . frank ( cont would ) that bastard be go to pay . sarah who ? int . CIA - langley virginia - day supere title : CIA headquarters , langley , VA stride across the seal of the Central Intelligence Agency set into the polished marble floor ... ... be Cooper . int . CIA - secure record depository - day Cooper stand with Frank 's file across from a research clerk at a computer . cooper this man be not a retire asian block analyst who 's be out of the field for thirty year . research clerk that 's what it say . int . CIA - vault - day two guard check Cooper 's paperwork , then nod to a old record keeper . the old man dial in a combination and the guard swing open a huge steel door , revealing a cavernous file room . 32 . record keeper this record have never be computerize . they never will be . ext . dulle INTERNATIONAL airport - day supere title : dulle INTERNATIONAL airport Frank move through the throng of people exite the terminal , accidentally bump into a woman in the crowd . frank Excuse I . press on , he flip through the pocketbook of the woman he just bump . reaching Sarah in line at the ticket counter , he hand she a driver 's license that look remarkably like she . frank ( cont would ) Cynthia bolt . memorize the date of birth . sarah will you tell I where we be go now ? frank to see marvin . confused , Sarah take out the list , find the name . sarah marvin frye ? frank he 's the only name on that list I know . we work together before he section out . he know thing . sarah Frank , he die two year ago ina fire . frank he 's die before . sarah what do that mean ? frank marvin 's ... peculiar . extremely paranoid and dangerous . he 's not like other people . 33 . sarah you be not like other people . Frank consider . it 's a fair point . frank right . well , marvin 's less like other people . a ticket agent wave they over . ticket agent I be sorry thing be so slow , we computer be down . someone spill coffee on the server . Frank take the last sip of a jumbo java . frank no kid . int . CIA - operation CENTER - day Cooper drop a six - inch - thick stack of paper stamp " top - secret " onto the table . cooper Frank mose 's real file . Thomas flip it open . page after page have be black out , line by line . jackson be this a joke ? they finally get to bit of text here and there : " vietnam ... moscow ... beirut ... iran ... nicaragua . " cooper this guy 's get to be one of the best black op agent we ever have . he 's offed drug-lords , terrorist , head of state . he 's topple government . " regime change ... terminated ... eliminated ... " jackson Jesus . a alarm from one of the computer send Thomas back to check he system . 34 . thomas I have get a ticket to Rio on Sarah Ross 's credit card . they have be in the air three hour . cooper Three hour ? thomas it look like someone um ... destroy the airline 's airport server . Cooper digest this , piss . jackson he 's run . cooper he 's not run . thomas he know we be go to be hard press to have someone there before he . cooper do this look like the file of someone who 's go to rabbit ? it 's a dodge . ( beat ) I get this guy . he 's good . but he 's old school . cloak and dagger crap . he hardly know how to use a computer . thomas he know how to wreck one . Cooper shoot he a hard look , think it over . cooper if we hurt the woman 's parent , do you think it will draw he out ? this catch Thomas off guard . thomas I ... do not know . cooper put they under surveillance . ext . san diego INTERNATIONAL airport - day - establishing supere title : san diego 35 . Frank and Sarah exit a terminal . sarah car rental ? frank Long term parking . ext . long term parking - day Frank and Sarah step into the street in the " long term parking " lot . a guy in a jeep screech to a halt and honk . guy move it ! sarah we be in a crosswalk ! the guy lean on he horn and revs he engine . Sarah jump out of the way , but Frank just stand there , look over the Jeep and its mullet - sport driver . guy chop chop , grandpa ! Frank step to the driver 's side window . guy ( cont would ) what ? you wanna go ? frank be this thing 4 - wheel drive ? guy Hell yeah . insert Frank slam the trunk of a park car on the duct - tape guy , climb into the jeep , smile at Sarah and pull out . ext . border crossing - drive - day head south , Frank and Sarah be wave through to Mexico . ext . dirt road - day bounce along this dirt road with the sun set behind they , it feel a million mile from anywhere . 36 . up ahead , a wall compound rise out of the desert mesa . frank when we get there , do not make any sudden movement . do not ask to use a phone . in fact , do not even talk about phone . or satellite . Sarah stare at he . sarah you be serious ? frank yeah , why ? driving up to the front gate , they pull to a stop . frank ( cont would ) ( call out ) hello ? a little mexican kid appear , pull open the gate and excitedly wave they into the courtyard . Frank pull forward ... ... and suddenly the ground give way and the entire Jeep collapse into a pit trap . Frank 's instantly out the roof of the car , jump clear ... ... but as he hit the ground a figure in desert camo burst from a spider hole , leveling a assault rifle at Frank 's head , scream ... marvin who be you ? frank Jesus , marvin ! it 's Frank ! marvin why be you try to kill I ? frank I be not ! marvin you be ! as marvin 's finger tighten on the trigger Frank lash out , pull the barrel past he and the fight be on . marvin throw two quick punch , connect hard , but Frank counter , sweeping a leg , and they land in a heap with Frank 's .45 in marvin 's face . 37 . frank why do you think I am try to kill you ? marvin because the last time we meet , I try to kill you . Frank consider . frank that be a long time ago . marvin you sure ? some people hold onto a thing like that . frank I be not try to kill you ! marvin think it over and smile . marvin okay . frank so get you knife out of my ball ! reveal marvin have a blade press to Frank 's crotch . they slowly lower they weapon . marvin help Frank up , dusting he off . he 's older than Frank , weathered , with wild hair and bright eye . reaching into the pit , Frank help Sarah out of the car . frank ( cont would ) Sarah , this be marvin frye . marvin , she 's okay . I promise . sarah hello . marvin eye she with suspicion , then abruptly turn and start out the front gate , walk into the desert . marvin come on . I will show you the house . Frank glance back at the beautiful hacienda behind they . frank what 's that ? marvin do not even turn around . 38 . marvin the decoy . int . bunker - day a door in the ceiling open and harsh sunlight break the darkness , revealing stair run down cast concrete wall . marvin , Sarah and Frank make they way into the utilitarian bunker , past barrel of water and fuel , mre and dry goods . sarah why do you live in a bunker when you have that other place ? marvin I move out last year after that helicopter fly by . ( lean close ) I could feel they eye on I , wet , like peach . Sarah glance wide - eye at Frank , but he wave she off with a " do not go there " gesture . marvin lead they into the " live room , " smile genially . marvin ( cont would ) so let I see this list . Frank hand it over as Sarah glance around uneasily at the ratty chair and dozen of rack of firearm , crate of C - 4 , grenade launcher , and stinger missile . frank everyone on it 's dead except for we and one other guy . I can not figure out the connection . marvin pace as he study the list , grow more and more agitate . marvin I always tell you , Frank , you can not trust the system . you can not be a part of it , because then , the minute they flip the switch , you be do . the satellite , man , the cell phone , the chip , the net ... marvin drift off , stare at nothing . Frank and Sarah exchange a look worried look . frank marvin . 39 . marvin what ? frank the list . I need you help . marvin look at he , then back at the list , completely unaware of any break in continuity . marvin let I check the file . int . bunker - file room - day a steel door creak open revealing a room that look like the physical embodiment of a madman 's mind . tower of papers , clipping , scrawle note , and type summary fill the room , floor to ceiling , flagge with color code and number in some insane index system . frank it 's get bigger . marvin this may take a minute . int . bunker - live room - day Frank walk back in . Sarah chase after he , eyeing the aluminum foil tape to the bunker 's ceiling . sarah ( whisper ) Frank . this guy 's insane ! frank I tell you : he section out . sarah how be I suppose to know what that mean ? frank trust I , marvin 's the guy you want watch you back when everything go to hell . sarah he say he try to kill you ! frank I always feel bad about that . sarah what ? frank he think he be the subject of a secret government mind control experiment . I tell he he be nut . he think I be in on it and try to kill I . sarah Jesus . frank yeah , but later I find out they be actually dosing he with lsd for a decade . marvin walk back in with a stack of papers , Sarah . marvin Afghanistan . fall of ' 81 near ghazni . at least four of this guy be there , not include we . Frank think back , remember . he look at sarah what be it ? frank ( hesitates ) we be way out in the stick and 40 . startling marvin . get call to meet this isa Captain . marvin mcginty . he 's on the list . ext . afghan village - old 16mm footage - day two mujahideen fighter walk along a rocky path into a narrow valley . on closer view , we see it 's Frank and marvin . and stare , sicken . marvin Holy Christ . frank ( v.0 . ) it be a village . bloodie body lie everywhere . men. woman . animal . they stop Children . 41 . fly buzz obscenely . frank ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) there be no military target there . it be a massacre . marvin examine a spend shell and toss it to Frank . they exchange a concerned look . stepping over body , they approach special force captain mcginty wait for they beside a civilian , 30 , who incongruously wear a short - sleeve button -down . marvin what the hell happen here ? but the civilian step in front of he . civilian you order be to make this disappear . bury the body . burn everything else . pick up every piece of american brass . this never happen . Frank just stare at the carnage . int . bunker - live room - day Frank stare at marvin . frank you think everyone on this list be involved ? marvin shrug , flipping through military record . sarah even if there be some massacre , why do they want to kill you now ? marvin you sure it 's the CIA ? Frank nod . marvin pace , get more and more work up . marvin ( cont would ) dammit . dammit ! ( beat ) you know what 's wrong with this government -- with this Patriot Act wiretapp , preemptive war ( more ) a beat as 42 . marvin ( cont would ) start , extreme rendition , fear- monger War on terror bastard ? frank they be try to kill we ? marvin exactly ! Frank wait for more . frank it 's why we be here , marvin . marvin well we have get to do something . ( beat ) who else on this list be still alive ? sarah Gabriel loeb . marvin lock and load , baby ! it 's on ! ext . bus station - day loud car , thick pollution , and crowd of local sell trinket to crowd of american tourist fill the street . supere title : juarez , mexico Frank and marvin sit in the shade , eat popsicle and watch Sarah talk on a pay phone across the street . marvin ( agitate ) what if they have tapped every data source that exist on this loeb guy and be backtrace every connection that come in on that source and somehow filter that million of call and know it 's we and then tag we with a chemical marker , or put a satellite on we , or fry we with y-rays ? Frank think it over . frank even for you that 's pretty paranoid . 43. marvin I guess . marvin glance up at the sky , then pull out a tatter napkin and make some urgent note . frank what be you do ? marvin ( defensive ) nothing . Sarah hang up and head over . marvin ( cont would ) what 's with the girl , anyway ? frank I like she . marvin no seriously . what 's the angle ? Frank let it go as Sarah walk up . sarah loeb be come into San Antonio . we can meet he at the Air freight terminal . it 's he first return to the country in four week . marvin look at Frank . marvin how do you want to cross the border ? frank discreetly . ext . downtown san ANTONIO - bus terminal - day supere title : san ANTONIO , TEXAS a group of noisy senior tourist carry ton of cheap juarez tourist crap disembark from a tour bus . among they be Frank , wear a serape , Sarah with a pig pifiata , and marvin sport a sombrero . a drunk old lady swig from a beer , sing at marvin ... old lady La cucaracha , la cucaracha , ya no puede caminar ... 44 . marvin next time let just hijack someone or blow something up . sarah next time I get the serape . frank I always get the serape . marvin he do . walk away , Frank and Sarah head to a taxi stand and look around for a cab . woman' voice ( 0.s. ) oh no ! oh God ! please do not ... Frank and Sarah spin , stunne to see ... marvin , hold a gun to the head of a businesswoman , drag she into a alley . ext . alley - continuous - day marvin who do you work for ? businesswoman ( terrify ) coldwell banker ! I 'ma real estate agent ! just take the money . please do not hurt I ! furious at the lie , marvin cock the pistol , put it to she eye , send the woman erupting into tear as Frank and Sarah burst around the corner . sarah hey ! frank marvin ! what be you ... marvin she' one of they ! frank one of who ? marvin she be following US , man ! she 's get a camera hide in she purse . ( matter of fact ) we have to kill she . 45 . woman ( sobbing ) no ... please ... marvin hold up he leave hand to block the splatter ... sarah Frank ! frank just hold on ! he grab the woman 's purse and dump the content onto the ground : there 's a wallet , cosmetics , a cell phone . Frank rip the purse apart : there 's nothing . frank ( cont would ) ( annoyed ) where 's the camera , marvin ? marvin hesitates , suddenly unsure . marvin she be ... follow we . Frank push down the barrel of marvin 's gun and snap the woman 's cell phone in half . frank ( to the woman ) go . she run off . Frank give marvin a hard look . frank ( cont would ) go get we a car . and do not kill anyone . ext . AIR cargo terminal - day Sarah and Frank watch a 747 cargo jet pull to a stop on the tarmac and power down . marvin 's in the background with the pifiata , absentmindedly scratch it behind the ear . Sarah 's quiet . angry . frank be you upset ? sarah " she 's get a camera hide in she purse . we have to kill she . " be you kid I ? 46 . frank everyone make mistake . he stand , cut off Sarah 's retort as three pilot enter the terminal . frank ( cont would ) Gabriel loeb ? the oldest pilot look over . he 's Frank 's age with that classic ex-military look : tight haircut , thin , good shape . the other two pilot pause as well , but Gabriel nod to they to go on ahead . frank ( cont would ) you have a minute ? gabriel ( Texas twang ) what 's this about ? frank Afghanistan . 1981 . near ghazni . there 's a tense beat . gabriel I can not talk to you . he push past , but marvin step in front of he . in a flash , Gabriel have a knife in he hand . marvin and Frank both draw gun . Gabriel smile . gabriel ( cont would ) pair beat ace . int . AIR cargo office - day they walk Gabriel into this second story window office look out over the airfield . marvin circle the room , look out the window . gabriel you fella hear the one about what the West Texas Jew - boy twice - decorate Marine pilot say to the chinese New York Times reporter ? frank what ? 47 . gabriel nothing ! I do not tell she a damned thing ! Frank look at he coldly . frank she 's dead . and everyone on she list be dead except for you , I , and he . the CIA have target everyone who be there . Gabriel 's stunne . gabriel oh Christ . Frank stare at he realize ... frank you know why ... Gabriel sit down heavily , unable to look at he . frank ( cont would ) tell I . he glance up with fear and resignation . gabriel they have I fly this guy out there from the gulf . Middle of the night . hairy little airstrip in the middle of nowhere . he pick up a package and we fly back out . frank who be the guy ? over by the window , marvin start muttering as he fidget with he tatter napkin . Sarah glance over nervously . gabriel CIA . dorky little spook in short sleeve straight out of some office . the whole thing be super hush hush . frank what about the package ? marvin ( 0.s. ) Frank ! Frank ! Frank frank ( annoyed ) what ? 48 . marvin run over , point out the window . marvin a helicopter ! sarah we be at a airport for Christ 's sake . marvin two four seven seven one . it 's follow we . I write down all the number , see ? Frank stare at marvin , then look at the tatter napkin , fill with dozen of row of tiny , smear number . he squint at the chopper then back at the napkin . frank that 's a four . marvin it 's a seven ! frank who make a seven like that ? gabriel let I see it . suddenly the window spiderwebs . Sarah look around , startle . sarah whoa ! what be ...? she realize Frank , marvin and Gabriel be on the floor . Frank pull she down as ... whump ! a bullet hit the wall where she be stand . Gabriel lie motionless , blood on he shirt . sarah ( cont would ) oh my God ! Frank check he . Dead . marvin I know we should not have use that phone ! frank shut up , marvin ! 49 . int . CIA - operation CENTER - continuous Cooper listen in on a comm set as he watch a long - lens video feed of the unfold action with Thomas and Jackson . radio voice ( v.0 . ) one target down . I have no visual . cooper Fire for effect . insert video feed gunfire flash-frames the silent footage as the shooter unload , bullet chew up the window of the building . Frank run low and fast through the air cargo office , drag Sarah after he as she hold onto the pifiata . return to scene thomas target exite south side . ext . warehouse - day Frank , Sarah and marvin burst into this warehouse alley . suddenly someone step around the corner up ahead with a assault rifle , fire . it 's the " businesswoman " marvin grab earlier . they dive behind a dumpster , bullet slamming all around . businesswoman ( 0.s. ) I be go to fuck you up , old man ! marvin give Frank a look . marvin can I kill she now ? together as one , they swing around opposite side of the dumpster to fire ... but she 's go . frank move ! marvin cover the rear as Frank push Sarah up the alley . 50 . ext . warehouse alley - day - continuous suddenly they flight be interrupt as bullet rain down from a rooftop shooter , send all three diving for cover behind a scissor lift . frank ( be : pifiata ) give I the pig . Sarah hand it over and ... whack ! Frank punch in the side , pull out extra magazine . marvin reach in , come up with a machine pistol . marvin Old man ? I be in my prime ! Frank scoff . piss , marvin jack a cartridge out of he gun , catch it in the air and hold it out . marvin ( cont would ) Bet you can not take this bullet out of my hand . more bullet slam around they . frank not now , marvin ! marvin Bet you can not . Quick as a flash , Sarah grab the bullet . sarah can we go now ! marvin be stunne . marvin wait ! I be not ready . do it again . under a barrage of lead , Frank lean around the scissor lift , take he time , and fire a single shot , end the income fire . suddenly blam blam blam ... bullet fly out of the wall , beside they , just miss . stun , Frank and marvin FIRE back through the wall . voice ( 0.s. ) aaaagh ! 51 . frank how the hell ...? marvin satellite . he look up at the sky and flip it off . int . CIA - operation CENTER - continuous Cooper watch the big screen which have up a satellite picture of the area with red thermal signature of the people on the ground , include marvin and he finger . thomas two man down . Jackson see something on screen . jackson hold on , this be go to be good . ext . warehouse alley - day - continuous at the far end of the alley , the " businesswoman " step around the corner with a shoulder - mount rocket . sarah that 's not good . Frank grab she , run all - out down the alley . fffsst ! kaboom ! the scissor- lift explode like a toy . Frank and Sarah be throw to the ground by the blast . reloading , the woman level the launcher again at the prone figure . but suddenly marvin step from the burn debris , stand he ground , face she down like a gunfighter . the woman 's finger tighten on the trigger ... and in a single clean motion , marvin raise he pistol and fire . ka - booom ! a massive explosion rock the alley as he bullet detonate the rocket . as debris rain down on Frank and Sarah , a figure appear above they . it 's marvin , reach down to help they up . marvin Old man , my ass . 52 . int . CIA - operation CENTER - day everyone stare at the big screen , wash out by the thermal and smoke . jackson I can not see anything . cooper get someone in there . I want to see body . ext . airport service road - day a food service truck drive away from the airport as a string of emergency vehicle speed the other direction . ext . food service truck - rural highway - dusk marvin sleep in the cab as Frank stand with Sarah at the side of the road , hold back she hair as she throw up in the tall grass . frank I tell you excitement be overrate . ( beat ) you okay ? she nod , then hurl again . frank ( cont would ) it happen to everybody in the beginning . Frank look over at marvin who crack one eye and tap he watch impatiently . Frank shrug helplessly . finally Sarah straighten up . sarah you sure know how to show a girl a good time . be all you first date like this ? Frank 's a deer in the headlight . frank I uh ... have not date much . sarah I do not believe it . 53 . int . amtrak train - night Frank sit beside marvin , who chuckle to himself as they roll through the night . frank what 's that ? marvin ( mimick Frank ) I uh ... have not date much . Frank glare at he . frank do not make I shoot you . marvin be positively gleeful . marvin it 's okay , man . she like you . frank you think ? marvin notice how she 's stick around . woman do not do that if they do not like you . frank she do not have a lot of choice . marvin sure she do . Frank glance up at the far end of the car , watch Sarah enter and make she way towards they . marvin ( cont would ) they know we know about the list now . they be go to keep come . Frank consider . frank there 's only one way we be go to find out what this be really about . marvin weigh it . marvin it 's impossible . we will get kill for sure . 54 . frank so you be in ? marvin of course I be in . I be just say . arrive beside Frank and marvin , Sarah hand out candy to the fella . she look between they . sarah what ? ext . WASHINGTON D.C. - night - establishing supere title : WASHINGTON , D.C. int . car - drive - night - continuous Frank 's behind the wheel , Sarah 's in front , and marvin 's in back as they roll past the mall . frank if we be go to pull this off , we be go to need help . sarah pull what off ? Frank stop across from a large compound . marvin freak . marvin no way ! not they ! sarah who ? marvin jump out of the car . resigned , Frank get out . Sarah follow and see the sign : russian federation embassy . marvin godless bastard ! he run off down the street . sarah what 's happen ? frank marvin tend to be rule by he emotion , but sometimes you need to think outside the box . sarah you be not really go in there ? 55 . Frank take out he .45 and the dog tag he retrieve from he basement . frank hold this . ( beat ) in case I do not come back . she stare at he stunne . Frank press they into she hand . for a long moment neither of they move . then Frank turn away , start up the street . sarah ( 0.s. ) hey . he turn back and she 's right there . reaching up on tiptoe , she give he a kiss on the cheek . sarah ( cont would ) be careful . he look at she for a long beat , then turn , walk past the main gate , stop at a unmark steel door . press a intercom button , he look up at the camera . frank tell Ivan siderov that Frank mose be here to see he . there 's no response . up the street , Sarah stand in the shadow watch . suddenly the door burst open and four soldier be leveling AK - 47 at Frank . they expertly force he to kneel , pat he down , then roughly drag he inside . the last soldier stand in the doorway , rifle aim at Sarah . she stand freeze , unable to breathe ... ... and then he 's go . int . russian embassy - night ivan siderov , a rumple old man , sit behind a large desk wear a permanent expression of Russian pain and dissatisfaction , along with a expensively tailore suit that still manage to look like it do not fit . 56 . Cleaning he nail , he do not even look up as Frank be drag into the room and stuff into a chair across from he . ivan leave we . the soldier look at he in surprise . he do not repeat himself , but raise he eye to they and they file out . ivan ( cont would ) ( heavy Russian accent ) I have to say , this be not something I expect when I get up this morning . Ivan pull a vodka bottle from a drawer , pour two , and slide one across the desk . he raise he glass . ivan ( cont would ) it be good to meet you . in person . they clink and drink . frank do you kind of want to shoot I ? Ivan smile . ivan Little bit . I use to dream about it . like I dream about good coffee or sunshine during winter . but now , what 's the point ? you be retire , yes ? frank yes . Ivan look off . ivan still , I feel I owe you for kill semyon . frank the Butcher ? ivan a great asset . do you know he be my cousin ? frank ( a beat ) no. 57 . ivan ( raise he glass ) to semyon the Butcher . Frank toast and drink . then ... frank he 's not actually dead . Ivan stare at Frank . frank ( cont would ) I flip he . ivan no ... frank now he own a bunch of 7 - 11 . Ivan look at he , stunne . Frank smile . ivan bastard . frank yeah , well , I be sure you have hear worse . Ivan fill Frank 's glass . ivan I pour you double . frank why 's that ? ivan Veronique : that girl in Paris in " 81 . she be mine . frank impossible . ivan Da ! frank no . ivan yes ! he think it over . frank whatever she get , it be worth it . 58 . they raise glass and drink again . Ivan sit back . ivan I miss the old day . we could swing at each other like man . now it 's economic leverage and political posture . I have not have someone kill in year . Frank nod in sympathy . frank what can you do ? ivan and do not get I start on the puppy they send I to train now : too smart for they own good without a gram of sense among they . Ivan fill the glass again . ivan ( cont would ) so. ( beat ) I think that you be not here for the hospitality . there 's a pregnant beat . frank I be go to break into the CIA . I need you complete security package on langley : plan , schedule , crack , id , all of it . Ivan stare at he . ivan why would you possibly think I have that sort of information ? there 's a tense beat . then they both chuckle . ivan ( cont would ) why do this ? frank personal project . like a hobby . a beat . ivan have you try gardening ? 59 . frank do not work out . ivan I can not stand it either . if it 's not bug , it 's the damned fungus . frank you try soapy water ? ivan do that work ? frank so I hear . ext . russian embassy - night Sarah pace back and forth in the shadow across the street from the main gate , alone , sick with worry . she start towards the embassy , but then stop , change she mind , and double back . frank ( 0.s. ) I tell you everything be go to be all right . she whip around as he appear from the shadow . sarah no you do not ! you say , " hold this in case I do not come back . " frank so you be worried about I ? now she 's embarrassed . she punch he in the arm . sarah jerk . Frank smile . frank let 's go find marvin . ext . langley virginia - CIA hq - establishing - day nestled on lush grounds , the old CIA headquarters building stand flanke by the two new massive six - story building where thousand of people come to work each day . the sprawling compound look more like a college campus than the epicenter of american foreign intelligence . 60 . ext . CIA - day a towncar pull up . marvin get out and open the door for Frank and Sarah , who exit wear suit and CIA badge . as the two of they walk toward one of the tower , Sarah look like she 's go to be sick . sarah I can not do this . frank just relax and smile . I will get we inside , you will just pull they file . sarah I be not a hacker . frank it 's a close system . the trick be get to the terminal . int . lobby - day Frank and Sarah enter and make they way through the huge four-story atrium , towards the high -security elevator . a armed guard look they over . Sarah force a smile . sarah what make you think the Russians would not sell you down the river ? frank Ivan and I come from a world where enemy can still have ethic . I guess you could say , I have faith . sarah faith ? Frank hand Sarah a small case and punch the elevator button . frank actually it 's more like hope . int . high - security elevator - day - continuous stepping inside , Frank punch in a security code and the button for the 5th floor . the door slide close and the wall - mount retinal scanner light up as Sarah open the case , remove a single gold contact lens , laser - etched with a elaborate pattern . 61 . Frank bend close and she put the contact ... sarah I drop it . Frank look at she stunne . frank what ? sarah I drop it ! elevator ( v.0 . ) scan incomplete . they both drop to the floor , frantically search . frank gently . sarah dammit ... elevator ( v.0 . ) scan incomplete . frank I do not know how long ... a alarm suddenly sound . sarah oh God , oh God ... the door roll open and three security officer stand ready , hand on they weapon , look down at Frank and Sarah on all four . there 's a seriously awkward beat . sarah ( cont would ) the General drop he contact . Frank look at she in disbelief . sarah ( cont would ) ( annoyed ) well ? be not you go to give he a hand ? Frank watch stunne as the security officer quickly join they on all four , search the floor . security officer get it ! 62 . he hold up the contact to the light , look closely ... ... but Sarah snatch it . sarah here , sir . quickly clean it , she gently lay it in Frank 's eye . the lead security officer turn a key in the elevator , and Frank lean forward to have he eye scan . elevator scan complete . the light go green . lead security officer have a good day , sir . Frank nod and the door roll close . frank I do not begin to know what to say about that . int . 5 th floor - hall - day Frank lead Sarah to a heavy steel door with a elaborate electronic number pad / scanner beside it . sarah be this it ? Frank nod . frank do you know this lock cost eighty - five thousand dollar each ? sarah no . he pull out a matt knife and cut a hole in the drywall beside the door , then reach in and open the handle . frank God love force low - bid government contract . he tape a single sheet of paper over the hole in the wall : " security be everyone's business . " push open the door reveal a small , high - tech room with a lone computer terminal . 63 . int . secure server - day Sarah sit at the computer with Frank behind she , watch she fly through file and directory . sarah what do you think the punishment be for what we be do ? frank depend on what they charge you with , either life in prison or death . sarah awesome . she bring up the profile for the killer dress as a young cop who try to grab she at the motel . sarah ( cont would ) there . frank work the assignment tree back and see if you can find the executive . a few keystroke later , she bring up Cooper 's photograph and profile . frank ( cont would ) I want everything on this guy . int . operation CENTER - day - continuous Thomas stare at he computer , flipping out . thomas someone 's trip flag in the system . they be all over we player ! Cooper 's at he side in a second . cooper who be it ? Thomas look from he screen in confusion ... thomas it 's internal . Directorate on five . Cooper hustle across the room and grab a phone . cooper we have a breach on five . 64 . int . 5 th floor - hall - day boom ! six tactical badasses in body armor burst into the secure server room leveling weapon . Sarah whip around ... int . operation CENTER - day - continuous boom ! Frank kick open the door , burst inside . Thomas make it to he foot before he face be bounce into the desk and he hit the floor unconscious . Frank look at Cooper across the room , still on the phone . frank you . Cooper stare . he almost laugh . cooper unbelievable . Frank close in on he . frank what do they pull out of Afghanistan ? cooper ( incredulous ) you think you can just walk in here and everyone will just roll over ? frank actually , I figure I would have to beat it out of some snot - nose button-pusher . Frank swing on he , but Cooper block and counter . in a flurry of fist , Frank be hit once and then again . face bloody , he stumble back , stunne . Cooper smile . cooper not quite as fast as you once be ? Frank spit blood . frank kordesky train you ? cooper yeah . 65 . Cooper close again , attack , block , and deliver two more brutal body - blow ... ... but suddenly Frank spin around he , catch a arm and slamm Cooper onto a desk , pin . frank I teach kordesky . Frank brutally twist he arm , tighter . cooper aaaagh ! frank who order this hit ? Cooper glare back at he . cooper order come , you execute . you of all people should know how it work . crack ! Frank break he arm . cooper ( cont would ) aaaaaaaaagh ! frank you come after one of you own and you do not even ask why ? cooper it do not come to I unless it 's be vetted all the way up the line . there 's not a doubt in my mind you have earn what you have get come . Frank grab he chin , cranking he neck to the edge of break . frank the minute you learn who I be you should have walk away . gasp , Cooper wrench out a reply . cooper would you ? suddenly wrenching to he leave , Cooper slide off the desk , hit the floor , catch Frank by surprise with a kick , knock he down . jumping up , Cooper grab a phone with he good arm , clobber Frank ... 66 . ... but Frank kick he , catch Cooper in the gut , send he fly backwards through the glass wall of he office . Frank 's up in a second , but Cooper 's in he desk , come up with a gun . Frank duck , run for the door as Cooper unload . round chew up the wall behind he ... then slam into he , spilling Frank out the door . Cooper race after , burst into the hall ... but it 's empty except for a spatter of blood . int . stairwell - day - continuous Frank 's hit in the shoulder and the side , in pain , force himself down the stair . stepping into the 4th floor hall , he pull the first fire alarm he see . as alarm ring , he press forward through the rapidly fill corridor and catch a woman by the arm : frank where 's the server room ? woman end of the hall . ( see the blood ) my God ... but he 's already in motion . int . server room - day row of server fill this clean room , but Frank ignore they , arrive at the " FIRE control room " off to one side . int . FIRE control room - day - continuous open the door reveal a small room fill with gas cylinder mark " halon " surround by warning sign . int . 2 nd floor hall - day as alarm continue to ring , Sarah be frog-marched by two tactical badass down this hall , hand zip - cuffed behind she back . 67 . rounding a corner , they be suddenly right in front of Frank stand beside a halon canister with a fire axe . Frank take a deep breath and swing , snap the valve . pressurized gas erupt and suddenly Sarah and she escort be writhe on the ground gasp for air that do not seem to be there . Frank wade in , cut Sarah 's zip cuff and pick she up . int . stairwell - day Frank drag Sarah up the stair . frank breathe out then in . you be fine . just breathe . gasp , she follow he direction , gain control . sarah you be bleed ! frank do you have the download ? she pull a memory stick from she bra . int . third floor - day - continuous they emerge into the open hall overlook the four story atrium where alarm continue to ring . dozen of people fill the hall try to figure out what 's happen as emergency vehicle pull up out front . Security be everywhere . they be screw . sarah what be we go to do ? Frank lead she forward to where he 's stashed a second canister of halon . sarah ( cont would ) what be that ? frank it bind up oxygen in the air . kick it over he get it roll and ... smash ! the canister break through the glass panel under the railing , fall three storey and ... 68 . poof ! suddenly everyone be gasp and scream , choke , flipping out . she look at he in horror . frank ( cont would ) relax . it 's just uncomfortable ; feel like nerve gas . ext . CIA - day - establishing Cooper stand outside the hq building , scan face as people stream out , desperately search for Frank . but pulling back reveal there be thousand of worker flooding from the building . it 's hopeless . ext . visitor parking - day - continuous Frank and Sarah separate from the crowd , Frank lean heavily on Sarah as they make they way towards the towncar at the back of the lot . marvin 's behind the wheel , ramrod stiff , sunglass on , stare straight ahead . sarah marvin , help I . but marvin do not move . get closer , they see he 's handcuff to the steering wheel with a gun press to the back of he head . frank hold up ! the back window roll down revealing ... ... joe matheson . Frank can not believe it . frank ( cont would ) Joe ! joe ( nod at marvin ) there 's something wrong with this guy , Frank , you know , in the head . Frank grin . 69 . frank yeah . I know . ( beat ) you okay , marvin ? marvin I do not want to talk about it . joe help he in here , honey . Sarah pull open the door and settles Frank into the car beside Joe . frank I think you be dead . insert flashback - int . assisted live facility - day Joe kick he wheelchair around to face the two killer . they be astonished to see he 's get a 9 mm semiautomatic in each hand . return to scene joe Nah . just retire . ( to marvin ) start the car , nutjob . Sarah close the door and round the car head for the front seat . joe ( cont would ) she 's with you ? Frank nod . joe ( cont would ) Nice work . Sarah slide in and marvin pull out . int . CIA - hallway - day director of operation , gary steven , storm down the hall trail by several aide and a security detail . he 's the man from the park who give Cooper he assignment , but now he seem overwhelm to the point of break . aide # 1 they do not know how he do it yet . we be in lockdown . 70 . director of operation steven be we safe ? aide # 1 they do not believe he 's still on site . aide # 2 ( to aide # 1 ) I have the director of National Intelligence call for the director of Operations . director of operation steven I will call back . wait here . leave the entourage , he push through a door into ... int . operation CENTER - day debris be strewn everywhere . Cooper , arm splint , get up to face Stevens . director of operation steven how the fuck do this happen ? do you understand the ramification of this breach ? how this make we look ? the attention this attract ? cooper Sir ... director of operation steven shut up . you just get you high - tech ass hand to you by you target . a retiree with zero resource . a man deem too old to work in the field . Cooper 's phone ring . he kill it . director of operation steven ( cont would ) I be not about to get hang out to dry . do I need to get involved ? get someone else ? cooper no sir . Cooper 's phone ring again and be silence . director of operation steven I want this guy dead . I do not care if it 's messy . take whatever asset you need and finish it . 71 . he turn and leave . int . hallway - day Cooper stalk down the hall , furious . his phone ring again and he pick up . cooper Cooper . frank ( v.0 . ) you must be talk to someone important . Cooper go cold . frank ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) I be just call to let you know there 's a new list . and you be right at the top . click . the line go dead . int . town car - drive - continuous Frank close the phone . marvin psyop ! Hell yeah . joe both hand on the wheel , nutjob . Sarah turn to Joe . sarah the bleed will not stop . we need to get help . Joe look at Frank . frank I know a place . ext . eagle's nest inn - day - establishing they pull up outside this cute little b&b on the maryland coast with gorgeous ocean view and a stun garden . 72 . int . car - continuous frank I will go in alone , see if we can stay . sarah do not be ridiculous . i'1l go . Joe put a hand on she arm . sarah ( cont would ) ( realize ) be this a thing ? this be a thing be not it ? everybody know but I ? frank it will be fine . Frank and marvin exchange a look . marvin you want a vest ? frank would not make any difference . int . eagle's nest inn - day Frank enter , the bell on the door jingling brightly . the place be adorable . victoria sit in the dining room fold napkin . a little older than Frank , she 's prim , proper , and beautiful . she look up , surprised . then smile . victoria ( English accent ) Frank mose . frank Victoria . victoria it 's be a long time . frank yeah . there 's a beat between they . victoria be you here to kill I ? 73 . frank no . I need you help . he slowly open he jacket , revealing no weapon , but a lot of blood . she sigh , possibly disappointed ... victoria oh . ... and set aside the high capacity machine pistol she be conceal behind the stack of napkin . victoria ( cont would ) come on in , then . and tell marvin to stand down before he get hurt . Frank glance out the window where marvin sit in she rise bush cover the action . frank by the way , you rose be fabulous . int . sitting room - day the other filter in and Joe and Victoria embrace . victoria Joseph . joe Victoria . you be lovely as ever . victoria you old snake charmer . Sarah look between they all , a little lose . sarah so . how do you all know each other ? joe Victoria be the best wet asset I ever work with . a true artist with a psg . Sarah shoot Frank a question look . frank ( aside ) killer . very dangerous . Sarah smile at Victoria , uneasy . she smile back , warmly . 74 . marvin I be gonna scout the perimeter . victoria just mind the daisy . int . kitchen - day - later Frank and Victoria sit alone as she peer through read glass , expertly work on Frank 's shoulder with forcep and a sponge . victoria I would better hurry this along or I will be late with four o'clock tea . Frank study she , impressed . frank how do you do it ? victoria what ? frank make the transition ? you have a beautiful place here . a nice quiet life . you seem so at ease . he wince as Victoria extract the bullet . victoria I try . but it 's not easy . sometimes I get restless . ( confess ) I still take the occasional contract on the side . frank you do ? victoria ( hesitates , guilty ) I can not seem to stop . I miss the rush . they retire we , but you can not just flip a switch and become someone else , you know . she start stitching up Frank 's shoulder . frank I do not know what to do with myself . all I ever have be work . ( more ) 75 . frank ( cont would ) and suddenly there be so much time . ( beat ) I have do so many terrible thing . victoria we do they for good reason . a beat . frank maybe . I be start to wonder . victoria tell I about Sarah . Frank look uncomfortable : much more so then when she be pull lead out of he . frank she make I feel like maybe I could have a different life . like normal people . Victoria smile . victoria it 's one of the reason I have always be so fond of you , Francis : you be a romantic . frank what ? victoria hard on the outside . gooey on the inside . frank get outta here . victoria gooey . int . live room - night marvin , Joe , Frank , Sarah and Victoria sit around the coffee table with papers and a laptop . other guest chat quietly in the background . sarah this be the reporter 's list . this be the hit list we download from the CIA . ( more ) 76 . sarah ( cont would ) they be the same except there 's one name that 's not on the hit dist : Andrew dun . joe Christ . he 's ceo of brown - orvis . frank who ? joe the defense contractor . very politically connect . marvin let 's pay he a visit . Victoria pour more coffee . victoria you know , business be a little slow right now ... Frank smile wide . int . cooper' house - night Cooper sit in he suburban live room , read Frank 's file as he wife , elizabeth , walk in , dress for bed . elizabeth what be you work on ? cooper just try to figure someone out . my arm hurt too much to sleep anyway . elizabeth I hope you learn you lesson play basketball with that Marines . Cooper get up and give she a kiss . cooper yes dear . she swat he and he push she back towards they room . cooper ( cont would ) come on , I will tuck you in . halfway down the back hall , he pause at a door , silently crack it open . 77 . insert - boy ' room - night - continuous he look in on he two boy , asleep in a bunk bed , each wear different superhero pajamas . Cooper silently close the door . int . eagle's nest inn - guest room - night Sarah stand on the balcony , look out at the water . in the room behind she , Frank 's clean he .45 , but she can feel he eye on she . sarah penny for you thought ? frank I be just wonder how you be hold up . TI know it 's a lot . Sarah smile . sarah I have never be so scared in my life as today . but it be unbelievable . I be okay . he nod , then go back to work reassembling the gun . she watch he for a moment . sarah ( cont would ) why do not you walk away ? you could disappear , right ? Frank finish what he 's do and put the gun down . frank hide and go set up somewhere else ? she nod . frank ( cont would ) dragging you along on this , I think about it . but let this happen , then and now , I can not . she come inside , pick up the cot that have be wedge into the room and move it along one wall . sarah I think you should sleep in the bed tonight . 78 . frank do not be silly . sarah that 's not what I mean . frank I do not understand . sarah come here and let I explain it to you . reaching out , she take he shirt and pull he into a kiss . ext . maryland estate - night - establishing supere title : dunning estate , maryland this epic mansion sit behind gated wall , surround by tennis court , a pool , a helicopter pad , guest house , and roll lawn from the wood down to the water . ext . wood - night Frank sit with he back against a tree as marvin check it out with binocular . they be both clad in black . marvin rent-a-cops . video . infrare alarm . all the usual crap . ext . wood - sniper be nest - night Sarah lie in the dirt beside Victoria who set up a camo - drape rifle almost as tall as she be . sarah Frank say you want I with you . victoria he think it would be safer and I think it would be fun to have a little girl time ; get to know each other , talk about the boy . plus I want you to know that in all the year I have know Francis , I have never see he like this , so if you break he heart , I will kill you and bury you body in the wood . Sarah look at she , stunne . Victoria smile . 79 . victoria ( cont would ) this be go to be fun . ext . maryland estate - night a security guard escort Joe , in he wheelchair and three - piece suit , up to the main house . int . dunning be house - study - night a butler lead the way into a sumptuous study : hardwood , heavy furniture , and leather . joe Nice place . in fact , I be not sure I have ever be in a room this nice . andrew dunning , portly and rich , sit behind he desk , look Joe over skeptically . joe ( cont would ) how big be that tv ? dunning what can I do for you , Mr. matheson , be it ? Joe grin . joe we just have a few question . suddenly Frank appear behind the startle butler , quickly zip -ty he hand . marvin appear in another doorway , hustling in three security guard , they hand zip - tie behind they back . frank put they with the other . dun look between they angrily as Frank cuff he into he chair . dunning who be you ? frank you do not remember I ? ( beat ) I remember you . 80 . insert - ext . afghan village - old 16mm footage - day the man wear a short sleeve civilian button - down step towards young Frank and marvin . he 's put on weight and lose hair , but the man be dun . return to scene frank tell we what happen in Afghanistan . a beat as this register . dunning you can not touch I . you have no idea what you be deal with . Frank glance at marvin walk back in . frank we have any idea what we be deal with ? marvin not really . maybe a little . frank can we touch he ? marvin definitely . Frank start unpack a bag : blowtorch , drain cleaner , vice grip ... joe ( to dun ) do you know that Frank here write the CIA field manual on torture ? the old one . dunning wait . hold on a minute ... Frank fire up the blowtorch . frank I like this one . where would you get it ? dun stare in fear . marvin Home Depot . twelve buck . 81. frank no kid . Frank hold out the torch and marvin put a pair of vice grip in the flame . dunning please ! they glance over as though see dun for the first time . dunning ( cont would ) I run the afghan operation . frank what do you take out of there ? dunning it be not a what . it be a who ... insert - int . C - 130 - old 16mm footage - night young gabriel loeb glance back out the cockpit door as dun drag aboard a young soldier with a thousand yard stare , cover in blood and dirt . dunning ( v.0o . ) we extract a young second Lieutenant . he be the son of then Senator , Henry stanton . return to scene this quietly sink in . joe Robert stanton . frank the vice President of the United States ? dun nod . marvin Holy crap . frank he be responsible for what happen there ? dunning that 's what the New York Times reporter want to know . 82 . frank what do you tell she ? dunning I say I do not know anything about it . frank then you call the vice President . dunning ( defensive ) of course . we family have be friend for year . marvin what did you think be go to happen ? frank he order everyone kill . except you . dunning I do not know that ! Victoria 's voice interrupt , crackle over the radio . victoria ( v.0 . ) we have major activity on the perimeter . somebody serious be set up shop . dun smile at Frank , cocky once again . dunning you be finish . the company 's have I under surveillance since you little stunt over there . ext . wood - sniper be nest - night - continuous Victoria lie dead still , sighting through she scope as Sarah fidget nervously . sarah I do not see how you can be so calm . Victoria smile . victoria so how do you two meet ? this be not what she expect , but Sarah allow herself to be deflect . 83. sarah we just start talk . there be something about he ... ( beat ) of course , now I be a fugitive , the CIA want to kill I , and I be hide in a hole . victoria I be in love once , with a agent . sarah what happen ? victoria the relationship be not sanction . when it come to light , my loyalty be question . I be tell to kill he . it be a test . she say it all so matter of factly . Sarah look at she stunne . sarah what do you do ? victoria I put three round in he chest . ext . maryland estate - command post - night - establishing heavily armed commandos in body armor and black continue to unload from FBI van as the FBI commander wade through the deployment , find Cooper and hand he a phone . FBI commander we be in position , sir . perimeter 's set . no one 's get out . int . dunning be house - study - night - continuous marvin lie on the floor peer out a window . joe how 's it look ? marvin remember the alamo ? victoria ( v.0 . ) they have sniper position on North , West , and East side . ( more ) 84 . victoria ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) Ground personnel in force out front and backup in the rear . I would estimate sixty total . the phone on the desk begin to ring . Frank pick it up . intercut - ext . maryland estate - command post - night cooper I have be read you file . frank learn anything about how to be a agent yet ? Cooper 's calm and even , pace as he talk . cooper you have do a lot of service for this country . and when I put that together with you CIA visit where the only person that get hurt be I - I would say you value american life . ( beat ) but if we come through that door , people be go to get hurt . frank I expect so . cooper you do not want that . frank I do not start this . cooper I have order . frank they be come from the vice President . he order this hit to cover up war crime he commit in Afghanistan in September 1981 . ( beat ) I bury the body in ' 81 . they have you do it now . you be kill everyone who be there . Cooper do not bat a eye . 85 . cooper I do not believe that . frank if you do , would it matter ? Cooper think it over , weigh it out . cooper yes . frank so what do you propose to do about that ? cooper you give yourself up . i'1l take you into custody . you will get to tell you side of the story . Frank smile grimly . frank sure I will . even if you bring I in , someone would just put a bullet in my head . cooper that 's not true . frank if you actually believe that , you be even more naive than I think . cooper you be surround . the FBI be go to take you apart . there be no exit here . but how it go down be up to you . Cooper hang up . int . dunning be house - foyer - continuous Frank watch marvin lay out he numerous weapon . Joe put a hand on Frank 's shoulder . joe we do not have a lot of option , kid . frank yeah . 86 . joe somebody 's go to have to make the tough choice if any of we be go to make it out alive . a long , quiet moment of understanding pass between they : love and sadness . joe ( cont would ) I think you be go to have to give yourself up . finally Frank nod . ext . maryland estate - command post - night Cooper 's phone ring . he answer . frank ( v.0 . ) hold you fire , I be come out . Frank hang up . cooper all unit hold fire . repeat hold all fire . he 's come out . 200 yard out , Cooper watch the front door of the house open and a lone , black - clad figure step out , hand raise . crack ! a shot ring out . Frank fall . stun , Cooper look around furious ... cooper ( cont would ) who fire that shot ? no one say anything . cooper ( cont would ) where did that shot come from ! he turn , reeling , realize Frank be right : he 's not in control of this situation . Cooper draw he weapon and charge towards the house . Frank lie motionless on the walkway . Cooper roll the body over . it 's Joe matheson , dress in Frank 's clothes . he 's dead . 87 . push in on Cooper . suddenly gunfire erupt from the back of the house , and radios be scream . FBI radio ( v.0 . ) FBI sniper team be take fire ! two suspect have break perimeter ! cooper Hell ... ext . maryland estate - back field - night - continuous Frank and marvin race across a open field , make for the wood in the distance . ext . maryland estate - FBI sniper nest - night - continuous a FBI sniper and he spotter squirm down into they cover as round slap into the ground inch from they . ext . maryland estate - sniper be nest - night Victoria lie prone , coolly squeezing off round after round keep the sniper team scramble for cover . victoria now be not this worth sit ina hole for ? Sarah look at she like she 's insane . victoria ( cont would ) keep a eye on the boy . when they make cover , we move . suddenly they be take SMALL arm FIRE . Victoria whip around , fire back , pull Sarah up and push she into a run . ext . maryland estate - wood - continuous Frank and marvin hit the cover of the wood and immediately change direction , scramble uphill . ext . maryland estate - back field - continuous a dozen man charge towards the wood in pursuit . 88 . ext . maryland estate - wooded hill - continuous Sarah run just ahead of Victoria , crash through the forest ... ... straight into the arm of a black - clad commando . he pin she , cover she mouth as he three partner cover the wood behind she , scoping for Victoria . ... but there be nothing but silence . ext . estate wall - night Frank slip over the wall , marvin just behind he . sneak up the perimeter , they suddenly raise weapon ... ... and Victoria slip from the shadow with she rifle . victoria they have Sarah . Frank turn back to the estate wall : he 's go over . victoria ( cont would ) you can not . ( beat ) how many be you willing to kill ? sound rise as people crash through the underbrush behind they . up the road , other force be close in . victoria ( cont would ) live to fight another day , Francis . sicken , Frank know she 's right . int . dunning be house - study - night two of the commandos move in , cover the room . dun sit cuffed in he chair . commando # 1 clear ! commando # 2 Mr. dun ? dunning yes . thank god. 89 . fsst ! fsst ! the commando fire twice from a silenced pistol . ext . virginia wood - night - continuous lead the way out of the wood , Frank pause at the edge of a creek and a small country road . a helicopter fly overhead , searchlight cut the darkness . and directly across from they a limo sit under the tree . the door open and out step Ivan siderov . ivan come ! now be not time to waste . frank how . ..? the Russian smile wide . ivan you be not the only country with satellite . marvin ( aside to Frank ) why would he be help we ..? but Ivan be stare at Victoria . ivan Zaychick moy . she smile back . victoria hello Ivan . it 's good to see you . Frank look between they . frank do he just call you ... bunny ? victoria life , sometimes , be complicated . 90 . ext . country house - night - establishing i/e. back deck - night Victoria sit on the wide arm of Frank 's chair , change the dressing on he wound . through it all she somehow still manage to look stun . marvin 's off to one side , stare out into the night . Ivan put the finish touch on a pitcher of martinis and pour a round . frank to Joe . everyone raise they glass . all to Joe . frank a life of service and sacrifice . they drink . it 's a long somber beat . finally Victoria break the silence . victoria do anyone want to discuss the fact that we be all dead ? marvin it be not over till it 's over . victoria the CIA 's be use as the vice President 's personal hit squad . it 's a bit of a conversation crusher . Ivan hold up the pitcher . ivan anyone like another ? Victoria and marvin raise they glass . frank they say he 's go to run for President . 91 . victoria I do not think it 's possible to outrun this . it 's only a matter of time until they find we . ivan you could come to mother Russia . marvin when hell freeze over . ivan St. Petersburg in the spring be very beautiful . frank anyone else ? they think it over . victoria veritas vos liberabit . the truth will set you free . marvin tell people ? victoria it 's a think . marvin what about Frank 's girlfriend ? what 's she name ? the cute one . they would kill she so fast . of course they might have already . but they will interrogate she first . in fact , she 's probably get waterboarded right now ... victoria marvin . marvin what ? he look over at Frank who get up , head inside . marvin ( cont would ) oh. int . kitchen - continuous Frank stand at the kitchen sink as Ivan walk in . ivan you okay ? 92 . frank no . ivan I want to show you something . he start unbuttone he shirt . ivan ( cont would ) do not get too excited . pull it open reveal old scar from three bullet wound . ivan ( cont would ) this be do to I by the love of my life . it seem that what we have be not mean to be . but now she be sit in my house drink vodka . frank Victoria ? ivan Three bullet in the chest . but when I wake up alive , I know that she still love I - or it would have be the head . Frank can not help but smile . Ivan button he shirt . ivan ( cont would ) be a big risk for she of course , but one do crazy thing for love . look at I . I guarantee , help you today be not a good career move. ( shrug ) but you only live once , right ? ( beat ) do not fear , my friend . with a small , dedicated group , there be little that can not be accomplish . int . CIA - office of the director of operation - night Cooper stand across the desk from Stevens . cooper someone take that shot . that 's either another team in play or someone in we rank . and the dun execution ? that do not feel like mose to I . Stevens consider . 93. director of operation steven I will look into it . cooper that 's it ? Stevens be calm and thoughtful . director of operation steven do you job . I will figure this out . int . interrogation room - night Sarah sit in a interrogation room with a observation mirror , a table and two chair bolt to the floor . the door open and Cooper enter with Frank 's file . he take a seat across from she and set it between they . cooper there will be no lawyer . no one be come . there will be no record of what transpire here . she stare at he . cooper ( cont would ) you be go to tell I what other agent be involved with Frank mose , who help he escape , and what he relationship be to that government . Cooper put a satellite photograph on top of Frank 's file that show Frank , marvin , Victoria , and Ivan by the limo , but if you do not know , a id would be impossible . cooper ( cont would ) if you cooperate fully , there may be a light at the end of the tunnel . until then , there be nothing I can not do to you . nothing . Sarah , shaking , slowly start to cry . cooper ( cont would ) look at the picture . she take the file with tremble hand , and ... swing as hard as she can , she catch Cooper full in the face with the six- inch - thick file . wham ! he go down and she 's around the table and out the door ... 94 . ... where two large guard jump up , ready to grab she . Sarah stop , realize it 's futile . turn , she walk back into the interrogation room where Cooper 's regain he foot . she look at he , icy , all trace of false emotion go . sarah the reason other people be involved be because they have honor and integrity . stuff you would not know about . ( beat ) so do what you need to do . and they will do what they need to do . and at the end of the day , we will see who come out in one piece . Cooper smile . cooper you really do care for each other . Sarah stare at he . cooper ( cont would ) that 's how I be go to get he . thank you . int . vice president stanton' office - day vice president ROBERT stanton , sit alone in he dark office , look up from he desk as the director of Operations be ushere in . director of operation steven Mr. vice President . vice president stanton Gary . director of operation steven I just receive a report that Andrew dun be dead . the vice President consider , look at he evenly . vice president stanton I hear . director of operation steven be everything all right , sir ? 95 . vice president stanton he be a good friend . he would have be pleased I be go to seek the nomination . director of operation steven yes sir . ( beat ) be there anything I can do for you ? vice president stanton no . Stevens walk out , troubled . int . operation CENTER - day Cooper 's at he desk . Jackson and Thomas sit wait . a phone ring . Thomas nod at Cooper . thomas trace be run . Cooper hit a button and pick up the phone . cooper Operations . frank ( 0.s. ) here 's the thing , Cooper . with age come a certain perspective . I be not sure you have what it take to appreciate my position . Cooper smile . cooper try I . thomas ( background ) it 's a land line . intercut - int . home office - day - continuous Frank lean back in he chair , rub he temple . frank I keep go over in my head if I be ever like you : the blind ambition and misplace trust . I do not know . 96 . cooper do it matter ? frank it might help I decide what to do next . cooper what be you think about ? frank there 's a lot of hard thing about we business . but in all my year , it be not the kill , or the stress , or the pay that bother I . I do not even realize what it be until it be too late . Cooper look at Thomas who whisper ... thomas almost there ... cooper what be it ? frank it 's how anything you love can be use against you . it teach I never to invest . never to care . ( beat ) once I become Frank mose I live my entire life without attachment . it take discipline , but I be damn good at it . ( beat ) and then I meet Sarah . and now you have she . it 's the worst thing in the world to know that you enemy could hurt the one you love . the feel of powerlessness be almost indescribable . Cooper sit back , smug . thomas get he ! Thomas excitedly scribbles a address on a pad and hold it up to Cooper . Cooper go pale . he look like he 's go to be sick . frank you there , Cooper ? 97 . cooper ( cover the phone ) my house ! he 's at my house ! Jackson and Thomas scramble for phone . Frank sit back , put he foot up on the home office desk with picture of Cooper , he wife and kid . frank it 's just like I say , be not it : almost indescribable . Cooper look like a shell of a man . cooper please ... Frank 's tone shift . frank shut up ! it 's time to grow up and look at what 's go on . cooper do not hurt they ... frank listen carefully . this be the part I be talk about where I be not sure you have what it take to understand . as the other shout order behind he , Cooper listen , rivete . frank ( cont would ) I have spend my life do terrible thing for the CIA because I believe what I be do be right . but when you find out that you have be a tool for corrupt political end , like I be in Afghanistan , and like you be be now , you have to take a stand . this be a stain on we soul , Cooper . there 's a long beat . cooper what be you go to do ? frank the right thing . the moral thing . the thing you would do yourself if you have any ball at all . ( more ) 98 . frank ( cont would ) ( pause ) I be go to kill the vice President . a reaction ripple through the room : oh shit . frank ( cont would ) but my question , Cooper , be this . what be you go to do ? click . the line go dead . Cooper sit shell - shocked . ext . cooper' house - day a swat van screech to a halt before the house , disgorge man who swarm the house ... ... scare the hell out of Cooper 's wife and child in the middle of a backyard soccer game . int . operation CENTER - day - continuous the phone ring and it 's in Cooper 's hand in a instant . swat ( v.0 . ) they be fine , sir . they never even know he be here . relief wash over he like a physical wave . cooper let I talk to my wife . Jackson look over at Cooper hold the line . jackson why do not he take they ? ( beat ) we would have . you have he girl . Cooper glance around the room . all eye be on he . cooper I do not know . ext . self -storage unit - day a rusty door roll up revealing Frank and marvin peer into this storage unit full of cheap dusty cabinet . pull they open reveal a trove of rifle , machine gun , grenade launcher and mortar . 99 . marvin look at Frank . marvin I want you to know I be very excited . frank back in ' 78 I think I would put a few thing aside , you know , just in case . open a locker , Frank pull out a pair of vintage aviator and try they on . marvin explosive ? frank just past the ammo . marvin open a locker : block of C - 4 , detonator , and primer-cord . marvin I love you , man ! ext . chicago - the allerton HOTEL - night - establishing supere title : chicago this swank Miracle mile landmark rise into the night with a steady stream of limo arrive out front . int . ballroom - night - establishing Crystal chandelier hang above a red , white and blue decorate stage . sumptuous table surround a dance floor where a band play as wealthy donor mingle . secret service agent stand discretely around the perimeter of the large room , watch guest schmooze . on stage Cooper confer with a tall thin man , agent burbacher , the head of vice President stanton 's security detail . agent burbacher my team be set . you have anything ? cooper no. burbacher key a inconspicuous radio . 100 . agent burbacher this be burbacher . he 's clear for entry . Cooper head off stage as behind he vice president stanton stride in , smile a wide politician 's smile as he 's immediately surround and shaking hand . Cooper join Jackson off to one side . jackson everything all right ? cooper I just have a feel . Cooper move on and Thomas step up . thomas he have a feel ? jackson no wonder secret service be sick of we . as they look out , study the crowd , Ivan siderov pass behind they , wear a tux , blend in perfectly . int . HOTEL kitchen - night - continuous Cooper walk into the kitchen , instantly assault by bright light , heat , and dozen of people yell at each other in different language . surveying the perimeter , Cooper note the placement of three secret service agent , and then head out . but we stay , follow a busboy wheeling a trash can past secret service and outside . ext . HOTEL - dumpster / loading dock - night - continuous the busboy heave he can up , empty it into a dumpster ... ... and be suddenly yank up and over , disappear inside . int . HOTEL kitchen - night Rolling the can back inside past secret service ... ... be marvin. 101 . push the can into a dry storage closet , he reach in , pull out two heavy garbage bag which he set on the floor with a metallic thud . ext . the allerton HOTEL - night - continuous a doorman open a limo and out step Victoria , look absolutely stun in a body-hugge , full - length gown . int . HOTEL lobby - continuous Victoria enter , garner appreciative look as she make she way to the ballroom . security check stepping through the metal detector she generate a beep . victoria oh , of course . removing she heavy multi-strand necklace , she place it in a velvet tray hold by a deferential young woman , then step through cleanly . security woman thank you , mar 'am . but put the necklace back on , she drop she clutch . someone be there instantly , pick it up and hand it back . victoria thank you so much . marvin of course . he walk off . she close she clutch over whatever he slip she and present she invitation to the table of greeter . greeter welcome Ms. Smith . it 's a pleasure to have you at we 2012 victory fund gala . Victoria smile wide . victoria the pleasure be all mine . 102 . int . ballroom foyer - night Cooper stand look out the window as introductory remark drine on behind he . pedestrian pass back and forth outside , but something catch he attention in the distance . a figure stand across the street , watch the hotel . his collar 's up and he 's wear a hat , but in the headlight of a pass car ... ... it 's Frank . Cooper 's instantly run , yell into he radio . cooper I have visual contact . Front of the hotel , across the street .... ext . the allerton HOTEL - night burst from the hotel , Cooper race down the step , gun out as he plow into traffic . Jackson and Thomas run after they boss , close the gap until they reach he at the corner where the figure be . Cooper 's look around wildly , but there 's no one there , no one retreate , nothing . except ... on a window ledge where Frank be stand , there 's a single .45 caliber cartridge . Cooper pick it up , stare at the bullet ... cooper back inside ! now ! int . ballroom - night Cooper and agent burbacher square off , quietly but intensely , as the event continue behind they . cooper mose be here . you have to pull the vp . agent burbacher just like in jacksonville ? the moment there be confirm threat , I will call it . until then ... cooper I just see he ... 103 . agent burbacher this be not I . this be he . he 's have enough of you . if there be something actionable we will act . until then , this conversation be finish . he turn and leave , Cooper stare after he , stunne . intro speaker ... and so it be with great pleasure , I introduce to you , vice President Robert stanton ! the crowd burst into thunderous applause as stanton take the stage , wave . Cooper key he radio . cooper stand ready . vice president stanton thank you . thank you so much . I will keep it short , so you will actually write that check you be promise . as the audience laugh , we CUT around the room to all the secret service and CIA Agents in play . vice president stanton ( cont would ) it be this group here tonight that get we into the White House . and it be this group that will keep we there . ( beat ) my friend , I have not yet make the announcement publicly , but it 's my intention to seek the nomination of we party for the presidency in 2012 . there 's applause and cheer . burbacher stand at the front of the stage stare out into the light ... vice president stanton ( cont would ) we have come a long way together , but we best year be still ahead ! so be generous . get you friend to be generous , and I look forward to speak with all of you across the course of the evening . Jackson and Thomas flank Cooper , wait ... 104 . vice president stanton ( cont would ) God bless you all . and God bless America . the music kick in and applause explode . we PRESS in on Cooper and ... bang ! a single shot ring out . Cooper draw , look for the gun ... ... but see only Jackson and Thomas stare at he like he 's crazy as other champagne bottle pop . vice president stanton ( cont would ) please join adyline and I on the dance floor for a spin before dinner . chagrine , Cooper holster he weapon . cooper I be step out . couple fill the floor as he walk out past ... victoria scan the crowd , wait ... ... and suddenly there be a arm around she , sweeping she around and onto the dance floor . ivan hello , bunny . she glare at he . victoria move like that could get you kill . ivan you radiance this evening render I almost speechless . victoria almost . he lead a turn and spin which she execute perfectly . Ivan smile wide . victoria ( cont would ) what be you grin at ? 105 . ivan you know I have always dream of kill the american President . victoria vice President . ivan tsch . whatever . have you in my arm again ... I get carry away . victoria really . ivan tell I you love I . the song wind to a close , but he continue to dance . victoria the song , Ivan . it 's over . ivan be it ? ( beat ) ah. to work then . break they embrace , he head off ... victoria Ivan ! he look back and fumblingly she try to hand he a small spray canister from she clutch . ivan oh. yes . of course . he take it , kiss she hand , and melt into the crowd . Victoria sit , flushed , and for the first time we have see she , not totally cool . ivan move through the crowded reception , canister hold low at he side , covertly spraying a puff here and there . people begin to sniff and a low murmur rise . victoria make she way to the main ballroom door , pull they close . stepping out , she call back into the room . victoria Gas ! oh my God ! I smell gas ! 106 . ivan on the opposite side of the room , pull the fire alarm . ivan FIRE ! int . bathroom - night - continuous Cooper , splash water on he face , look up as alarm ring out . int . lobby - night - continuous as scream rise inside , Victoria pull she necklace apart into individual cable loop , wrapping they through the handle of all the ballroom door and clipping they shut , lock everyone inside . int . ballroom - night - continuous panic rip through the crowd with Ivan do he best to incite a riot , run with hand above he head , scream like a little girl ... ivan it 's go to blow ! agent burbacher be in full control , he team immediately lock down the vp , pull he to the back of the room . agent burbacher stairwell two . move ! move ! move ! cooper burst into the ballroom , stunne at the chaos before he : people scream and run , totally out of control . cooper ( into radio ) shadow the vp . int . stairwell 2 - night - continuous with two agent on point , four with the vp , and two in the rear , the secret service team hustle down the stair . 107 . int . executive elevator - night - continuous a lone secret service agent stand before this elevator , try to follow the action on he ear-piece . Victoria appear at the far end of the hall . lone agent this be a restrict area . she smile , smoothly make she way up the hall . victoria I be sure I be allow . lone agent ma'am . stop . this area be off limit ! she continue forward , completely unfaze as the agent draw he weapon . victoria ( amused ) put that away . do you know who I be ? lone agent stop or I will be force to treat you as a threat . she smile even wider . victoria look at this dress . where , exactly , be the threat ? the agent look she over as she put up she hand and close the rest of the distance and ... wham : the gun be twisted out of he hand as he take a chop to the side of the neck and go down . Victoria take a moment to fix she boob as marvin enter the hall with two duffel bag . they step into the elevator , she insert a fireman 's key , and hit G. int . garage - night burbacher 's point man burst out of the stairwell , cover the garage and pull open the door of the wait car . burbacher and close security pile the vp into the car and it peel out , round a corner and ... 108 . be rip apart by automatic fire , heavy round pulverize the front of the car , send it smash into a wall . scream command , burbacher force the vp out , use the car as a shield as round continue to pour in . point man agent what the hell be they use ? insert - victoria ... blaze away with a belt - feed machine gun . behind she , marvin fire bolt into the concrete , set something up . return to scene burbacher scream into he radio . agent burbacher we be take heavy fire ! everyone move in ! get a car in here ! int . garage - one floor up - night - continuous Cooper and he team run down the garage ramp from one level up . cooper stay low , flank they . int . ballroom - night - continuous the door give way and as a mass of trap , scream people charge safely for the exit , Ivan saunter after they , lift a glass of Champagne from a table . int . lobby - night - continuous sipping the drink , he calmly make he way to the elevator , tapping twice on the second one from the leave . the door roll open revealing Frank dress ina conservative suit and tie . ivan good evening , Frank . frank Ivan . he step out as Ivan step in , the door roll close . 109 . int . elevator - night - continuous soothing music play in the background . as Ivan descend , he begin to hum the russian national anthem , quietly at first , then louder and more enthusiastically , conduct with he drink until ... ding : the door roll open onto chaos : insert - garage - night - continuous ... where a huge fire - fight be unfold : the secret service team pin down as another armore limo move in to get they cover . culminate the anthem , Ivan pull a remote from he jacket and press the button : a huge explosion rip out the front end of the back - up limo . return to scene the elevator door roll back close on the deafening action , and Ivan lean back , sip he drink , and listen to the soothing music once again . int . garage - night - continuous as smoke from the limo explosion fill the air , burbacher grab he guy , and the vp . agent burbacher we be move ! South exit ! go! they break for the stair as shot ring out behind they . int . garage - second level - night - continuous Cooper 's team angle in behind Victoria and marvin 's position , one row of car back , listen to the FIRE . cooper on my command . two. one. go! they break , move in , and ... the machine gun stand on a tripod , unmanned , fire burst . Cooper stare at it , furious , realize ... cooper ( cont would ) outside ! outside ! 110 . ext . the allerton HOTEL - night - establishing swat , firemen , and emt pour into the building . int . sub level one - access corridor - night gun in one hand , vice President 's arm in the other , burbacher lead the secret service team run through the access corridor under the hotel into a ... int . room service prep kitchen - night - continuous agent burbacher secret service ! everybody down . worker duck as the team cross the room . but burbacher see something , shove the vp down ... ... as automatic FIRE rake the counter . angle on marvin and victoria in a side corridor . she empty the magazine and he hand she another as they watch kitchen worker scatter and the secret service return fire . marvin I remember the secret service be tougher . victoria I too . but suddenly they be take fire from behind , bullet slapping in to the wall around they . marvin duck , draw a machine pistol and spraying the corridor . marvin I think it 's swat . victoria ( 0.s. ) we have a problem , marvin . he look over . Victoria 's on the floor , she dress awash in blood from a gunshot wound in she side . marvin 's instantly in motion , delving into a duffel bag , pull can of smoke , yanking pin , toss they out . 111 . with smoke add a new layer of confusion to the shout and gunfire , he pick up Victoria , head up a different corridor . he hustle forward as fast as he can , but the sound of pursuit rise behind he . marvin fire back down the hall , then pull open a door revealing a utility closet and lean she inside . victoria ( cont would ) what the hell ? marvin no choice . she look at he , realize he 's right . strip off he jacket , he put it around Victoria . stepping back reveal he 's wear a vest , cover in plastic explosive . victoria good luck . he give she a wink . marvin you only live once , right ? he shut the door , and take off up the hall . a moment later , a swat assault unit sweep up the hall after he . int . closet - night Victoria take off she shoe , pull marvin 's jacket tight around she and try to stand up . int . sub level one - night stumble out of the smoke , burbacher check the vp for wound until stanton push he off . vice president stanton I be fine . just get I the hell out of here . agent burbacher kelsey ! James ! up front . 112 . int . sub level one - hall - night Victoria make she way forward , weak but deliberate , she breathe fast and shallow . rounding a corner she find herself at a steel security gate pull across the concrete corridor . shout and footstep rise behind she . defeat , she press she face against the cold metal . ivan ( 0.s. ) perhaps I can be of some assistance ? she look up , find he on the other side of the gate , already reach through , pick the lock . smiling as the gate swing open , she take he arm . victoria I love you . int . wide corridor - night - continuous the secret service team clear a stairwell emerge into a wide ground - floor corridor of the hotel . the corridor be empty , but burbacher halt he team , look around . from the darkness at one end of the hall , a lone figure emerge . it 's marvin , cover in explosive , hold a dead - man trigger in one hand . the vp look up in horror . vice president stanton oh God ... agent burbacher go! the whole team take off , pull along the vp , run all - out towards the door at the end of the hall . marvin start after they , finger the trigger , scream like a madman . marvin aaaaaaaaaaaagh ! 113 . ext . the allerton HOTEL - NORTH side - night a explosion rip out of the hotel , a fireball billow up into the night ... ... as the secret service team spill out the door . people outside run scream in all direction , but ... a secret service limo ... screech to a halt beside the agent . burbacher and another agent pull the vp into the car and it peel out . ivan and victoria stand among the refugee guest , onlooker , and emergency worker , watch from a distance as the car disappear into the night . victoria he make it . ivan that 's it then . CUT to : i/e. limousine - drive - night with the vp between they , agent burbacher share a look of palpable relief with the other agent as the car squeal around a turn , put the hotel behind they . agent burbacher ( into radio ) we be clear . en route to airport now . control ( v.0 . ) copy that . the limo pull onto the highway , speed into the night . vice president stanton ( furious ) how the hell do that happen ? burbacher force himself to keep cool . agent burbacher I do not know yet , sir . the other agent check behind they for a tail : nothing . 114 . other agent look clear . driver ( 0.s. ) copy that . the camera slowly move forward to reveal that frank be the driver . he put on he signal and pull over beneath a overpass . agent burbacher why be we stop ? Frank turn and fire a tazer , send he into convulsion . the other agent reach for he gun , but zap , get taze as well . stanton stare at Frank in horror . zap ! CUT to : int . limousine - drive - night stanton slowly come around in the back seat , groan . his secret service Agents be go . his hand be zip -ty behind he back . Frank glance at he in the rear view mirror . vice president stanton who be you ? frank Frank mose . ( beat ) one of the man you order kill . the vice President look at he in fear . vice president stanton I do not know what you be talk about . Frank let it go , just drive . vice president stanton ( cont would ) what do you want ? frank from you ? nothing . 115 . stanton sense this be bad . vice president stanton I be sure we can negotiate something ... frank so now it 's come back to you ? stanton pipe down . frank ( cont would ) or have there be so many that they all just blur together ? maybe you do not even think about it . ( beat ) I be prepare to live my life in peace . you could not even let I have that . vice president stanton I do not know .... frank Afghanistan . I be there . stanton suddenly look like he 's be gut - punch . like he 's about to be sick . vice president stanton can we talk about this ? frank you can talk all you want . Frank slowly pull over into a desert lot near a industrial waterfront area beneath the El track . frank ( cont would ) but I be still go to kill you . ext . deserted lot - night he get out of the car , open the rear door , and pull stanton out , spilling he into the dirt . frank on you knee . the vp crawl up , come apart , on the verge of tear . vice president stanton I do not kill anyone . ( sobbing ) I try to stop it . ( more ) 116 . vice president stanton ( cont would ) they pull I out because my dad know it would not matter . I be there . Frank unholster he old .45 and crouch down to look the vp in the eye . frank it 's not that I want revenge . I do not care about you . but there be rule about how you treat you tool . the people who do thing for you do it because they believe in the great good . Frank hold up he set of dog tag . now we see that the name and number have be file out . frank ( cont would ) I join up when I be seventeen and take a oath to defend this country . they stamp this tag with the name my mother give I . later the company erase that name forever . this be a symbol of that sacrifice . a train go by overhead with a deafen roar . Frank level he gun at the vice President . frank ( cont would ) today I be go to restore honor to you office . suddenly bright light pin Frank . cooper freeze ! Cooper emerge from a car , weapon draw . cooper ( cont would ) do this , you be dead ! Frank glance at Cooper , then back at the vp , as the pounding of a helicopter draw close . frank I guess I be okay with that . he start to move , but Cooper pull Sarah from the car , cover she with he weapon . she and Frank lock eye . so close but so far . 117 . he look between she and the vp . frank ( cont would ) I love you . sarah I love you too . Frank look at Cooper . frank she go free . Cooper nod . frank ( cont would ) swear it on you family 's life . cooper I do . Sarah look between they , horrify . sarah no ... Frank slowly lower he .45 . it clatter to the ground . Jackson and Thomas move in on he , gun ready . Frank put he hand above he head , and as the chopper land , kick up dust over the scene , he eye never leave Sarah 's as he 's cuffed . Stevens get out of the chopper . approach Cooper , he eye Frank and the vp . director of operation steven that 's he ? cooper that 's he . director of operation steven good work . Cooper give he a nod . cooper yes sir . the vp approach Stevens , still shaking , furious ... 118 . vice president stanton what the hell have you do ? I ask you to find out who know about Afghanistan to see if we could control the story . Frank watch this , try to figure it out . director of operation steven which be exactly what I do . I protect this administration and make this campaign possible . with the stroke of a pen , I give you a shot at the presidency . vice president stanton you have people kill ! director of operation steven no one who matter . vice president stanton Americans ! director of operation steven nobody care ! vice president stanton this be not what I want ! Stevens smile coldly . director of operation steven this be not detail you need to be concerned about . all you need to remember be that you owe I . the vp start towards he . vice president stanton be that why you do this ? Cooper step between they , stop the vp . he nod to Jackson and Thomas . cooper escort the vice President to the chopper . they pull he away , leave Cooper and Stevens alone with Frank and Sarah . Cooper take out a syringe . sarah no! 119 . Cooper step to Frank who stare he down , unflinch . lash out , Cooper jab it into Stevens ' neck . he gasp , eye bugging . cooper you disgust I . clutch he chest , Stevens collapse to the ground . Sarah look away . but Frank 's eye never leave Cooper . uncuff Frank , Cooper hold out he .45 . frank maybe there 's some hope for the company after all . cooper maybe . Frank take the gun . Sarah leap into Frank 's arm and they embrace . cooper ( cont would ) I want you to come back home . frank Home ? cooper a chance to work again . to train the next generation . Frank consider , then toss Cooper he tag and take Sarah 's hand . frank I be retire . Cooper watch they walk away . cooper where be you go to go , Frank ? what else do you have ? but suddenly a figure step out of the darkness to meet Frank : marvin , carry a rpg . and then another figure emerge : Victoria , rifle sling . a car start in the darkness and pull close : Ivan 's behind the wheel , still dress in he tux . Frank and Sarah embrace they friend . 120 . Frank look back at Cooper , then slip into the car and be go . int . car - drive - night Frank and Sarah kiss ... and Ivan lean back , totally interrupt . ivan so Frank . I be wonder if you would go on little errand with I . Victoria turn from the front passenger side . victoria his timing be terrible . ivan be just a tiny little nuclear problem in moldova . a day or two , no big thing . Sarah , you will love the countryside . Frank look at he , stunne . marvin , squeeze in next to he , elbow he in the side . marvin come on , man , it 's just the safety of the world . Frank 's about to answer and we ... fade out .