reign of FIRE by Gregg chabot & Kevin peterka revision by Matt greenberg August 29 , 2000 children' voice sing the haunt strain of a die irae -- that pert cf the requiem mass which prophecy judgment Day . fade in . credit ovepf : a series of stained glass window portray a pageant of medieval king and armore knight . heroes of the past commemorate forever in glass mosaic . end on a rendering of the most mythic warrior : ST. GEORGE . lance lift , warhorse rear , he 's show charge into battle against he fable foe : a gigantic winged dragon . hold on this image as a ominous rumbling suddenly build . the window begin to shake . pull back to reveal a bulldozer , loudly lumber down a street below . we now see the window be the facade of westminster abbey . we be in ext . central london - late afternoon superimpose : westminster , london . the present . a city catch between the 12th century and the 20th ; where the medietal spire of the Tower of London compete for space with office building of glass and steel . the bulldozer rumble through the city 's afternoon traffic toward a nearby cokstruction site . a high barrier surround the site , from which hang a banner : jubilee line extension project : taking london into a new millennium . the dezer stop by the banner , lower its bucket to the ground . keveal inside be a young passenger quinn abescromby age 12 , a' forward move chap '' just stall on the border of puberty . % hop out of the bucket with a nod to the driver . quinn cheer , Jake . bookbag inone hand , some bag of fast - food in the other quinn entess a door in the barrier mark site entrance . ext . constsuction site - late afternoon quinn walksthrough the site . around he , worker labor over a lattice d girder . huge crane lift material down a fifty foot wide wle which lead to subway construction below . ext . another part of the site - late afternoon Site forewoman karen abercromby stand by a table , go over a schematic . she 's a work class matron in she 40s , full of life , sturdy as the building she 's help construct . her assistant , stuart , nudge she . stuart there 's you man . Karen look up , see quinn approach . karen what be you doin ' without a hat ? quinn ( brandish the food bag bringin ' you supper . Karen take off she own hard hat , toss it to quinn . quinn ( cont 'd ) ! aw , mum ... karen oh , " mum " yourself . you know you can not be here without protection . stuart do not believe it , quinn . if she would have protection , you would not be here at all . i karen watch it , mate ... a workman call from nearby . | workman Karen ! jess need you downstairs . karen can not it wait ? we be just havin ' we tea . workman he say it 's urgent . Karen sigh , put down the food . quinn can I come down ? ( continued ) continued : karen no , love , they be still layin ' in support . ( kiss he on forehead . ) ' nother time . Karen and Stuart head to the construction hole and enter a cage - like elevator . with a metallic thunk , the cage descend . int . subway tunnel under construction Dark , recently dig wall of soft earth and clotted clay . the entire tunnel resonate with grinding sound come from a tunnel boring machine ( " tbm " ) : a steel cylinder the size of several pick - up truck . its cut edge be a series of hydraulic ram that dig into the earth before it . at the moment , the tbm be stick into the earth at the tunnel 's end . it buck and grind , like a animal try to free itself from a trap . Karen and Stuart approach the tbm 's operator cab . Inside , jess , a portly , choleric irishman , fiddle with the control . karen all right , jess ? jess damn stick be what I be . ( jimmy control ) you geniuse tol ' I it be clay down here . I be hittin ' bloody bedrock . Karen and Stuart look at each other , confuse . karen bollock . ( climb into the cab . ) there 's no bedrock for mile . jess well , maybe if you ladyship would learn to read the chart . Karen disregard he ; she work the hydraulic control . the tbm whirr , begin to unjam itself from the wall . Stuart inspect the debris nearby . it 's then he notice a trickle of water run from the cut the tbm have make into the wall . it 's as if the machine have hit a water main . ( continued ) continued : stuart oy , Karen ! hold ... crash ! a gush of water blast from the CUT in the wall ! it slam into Stuart , knock he backward . , karen Stuart ! Karen grab he arm , pull he up to the cab just as the gush become a torrent , pushing the tbm backward , like a cork force from a bottle . karen , stuart and jess cling to the tbm cab for dear life . then , as quick as it come , the flood subside . soon , the only sound be the hiss of water steaming in the tunnel . aren rise unsteadily . she stare at what lie before they . # large hole , puncture in the wall by the tbm . ext . top of construction site - dusk unaware of the event below , quinn sit read a schoolbook . a distant clang split the air . he look up . the sound resonate from the spire of big BEN . it 's 6:00 pm . the fame clocktower be toll in the come night . int . hole in the tunnel holding she flashlight , Karen step into the hole , follow by Stuart and jess . they can see they breath mist with cold . jess Jesus ! Water 's bloody freezing . karen below freezing , mate . it 's salt . stuart what the hell 's salt water do ...? all come to a mute halt on the other side . karen good Christ . reveal they be in int . a huge dripping wet cavern 100 foot high , but the dark make it seem bigger . shadow of oddly shape translucent stalactite and stalagmite haunt the space . eeriest of all , however , be the pinprick of phosphorescent light that dot the ceiling and wall . they dim , green glow make they look like subterranean star . the three glance around nervously , they breath mist eerily before they . jess welcome to wonderland , Alice . Stuart touch the glow stuff on the wall . stuart phosphorescent alga . what do you reckon ? karen undersea cave maybe . jess you daft ? Ocean 's mile from here . karen yes , you lordship . and this country be under it . jess what , ten thousand year ago ?! stuart this must have get seal off somehow . Karen and Stuart walk forward into the cavern . jess , not so bold , take a few step back . squish . his foot fall on something soft and wet . he look down at what he 's step upon : a massive cable , stretch the length of the floor . jess touch the thing with he boot . it 's then he see the cable be cover with what seem to be hair . karen and stuart head into the cave . Karen trip on something . Stuart catch she . Karen turn she light to see on what she trip on . ( continued ) continued : a bizarre fish , prehistoric , almost alien look , lie motionless on the ground . Stuart bend down to look at it . stuart ( cont would ) Jesus . look bloody primeval ... suddenly the fish thrashes out , its spiny body nearly strike Stuart in the face . stuart ( cont would ) fuckin ' hell ! how can it be alive ? thud . a faint SOUND like a fist hit a empty drum echoe through the cavern . stuart ( cont 'd ) jess , what be you on about ? no answer . Karen flash she light around . no sign of he . karen jess ? nothing . Karen and Stuart rise , call jess ' name . Karen head toward one end of the chamber . she come to a circular boulder set in the wall . 5 - foot , shiny black . it look like a obsidian marble sink halfway into the rock . stuart search he end . another thud echoe through the cave , this one louder . he shine he light ahead ... and freeze . for sprawle on the ground before he be jess . eye freeze open , blood trickle from he mouth . the " cable " he step on have wrapped itself around he chest , crushing it like a tin-can . stuart Karen ! Karen turn . the beam of she flashlight hit the surface of the circular black boulder . the color of the boulder change : deep blue appear vertically on either end , widen so that all that 's leave of the black be m angry slit in the middle . it 's not a barlder at all . ( continued ) continuel : Karen find herseif stare into a 4 - foot eye . unnervingiy catlike ; sky-blue iris ; night -black pupil . she barely have time to react before SNAP ! the " cable " flick out , slamming Stuart against the wall with a sicken crack ! karen Stuart !! she run to he . but by that time , all hell 's break loose . the dull echoing thud grow louder , quick ... movement ail around . the strange translucent stalactite shift one way ... part of the wall shift another ... the entire cavern seem to be alive with a translucent flesh . the thud be now deafening and rhythmical . the sound of a massive heartbeat . karen throw strart over she back in a fireman 's carry SNAP ! ! the " cable " strike the ground nearby . Karen dodge with Stuart , make for the cavern 's exit . the " cable " do not go after they . Rather , it wrap itself around two boulder by the wall and drag they into a open ir the cavern wall . Zn open which we now see be a gigantic mouth . and the cable be its massive tongue . int . subwaz tunnel under construction Karen run with Stuart over she shoulder . she come to a tunnel jumetion where several worker be busy . worker # 1 Zeren , what 's ...? karen sreryone topside ! now ! in a burst adrenaline , she book for the elevator . the other folla . int . cavern the boulder start rattling within the mouth of the unseen creature ... like click flint try to make a spark Pov - unseen creature begin to move out of its cavern into the tunnel . ext . quiet STREET near construction site - sunset a fiery sunset be reflect in the window of nearby shop . suddenly , a alarm start to SOUND . ext . construction site - sunset by quinn the ground underneath the boy begin to tremble . quinn try the rise , but be literally knock off he foot as the earth around the site stapt to shudder ! int . construction elevator clang ! Karen slam the elevator door shut . she , Stuart and the other worker be pack in like sardine . she press the control . the elevator slowly begin to climb . the tunnel 's shaking . in the distance , a terrible rattling . ext . construction site - dusk Workmen run for cover as girder fall around they . a ear - pierce screech of metal as a huge crane topples over . quinn mum ... ? quinn look toward the construction hole just as the elevator cage rise from the hole . quinn can see he mother and the other catch in the cage . they be almost to safety when ... the rattling below become deafening . karen quinn , stay back ! stay ... craaaaack ! a arc of blue phosphorous lightning burst forth from the hole ! ( continued ) continuezd : karer . and the other scream as the elevator cage be consumed by FIRE so hot it incinerate they . the flame elevator topples back into the hole . quinn mum !!! quinn run to the collapse elevator ... then stop short . for something else be come out to greet he . a_mammoth wing painfully unfurl from the hole . its flesh be withere , translucent from century without light . the sun shine through it , revealing a webwork of skeletal structure . quinn can cniy watch , paralyze , as a second wing join the first , torturously stretch , hoist its main body from the hole . as light hit the creature 's skin , its color change . like a ghost take form , the flesh become a dark , rich black . bn enormous shadow take shape on the ground : a leviathan 's silhouette of two batlike wing and a gigantic , serpentine body . the creatcre's huge eye stare mezcilessly . for a instant , quinn 's reflected in the thing 's cornea . capture , like a insect in a glass . quinn stare back in terror as the creature's shadow cover he . it blot out the remainder of light , take we into darkness : silence . tten , a hollow SOUND of wind rush through stone . fade in : a slitted , inhuman eye fill frame its gold - fleck iris stare evilly at we . ( continued ) 10 . continued : pull back slowly to reveal it 's only a mangy tabby cat , stand in the middle of int . a stone room small ] as a prison cell , make entirely of ancient rock . dawnlight filter in from a slit in the wall . the cat meow , try to get the attention of a man , asleep in a small cot . dress in fatigue , he face turn from we , he do not seem about to get up . the cat jump up on a knickknack fill shelf above the man 's head . it meow again . the man groan into he pillow . man bugger off , Murphy . undeterred , the cat start tapping a framed photograph with its paw . it push the object over the edge of the shelf ; the picture fall , landing a half - inch from the man 's head . we see it 's a family photo : Young quinn stand with Karen . the man roll over ; we see he face . quinn abercromby , now in he late 20 . a gentie , handsome face , one that 's live at great cost . quinn pick up the photo , shake it at the cat . quinn one a this day , you be not gonna miss . quinn put the photo on the shelf , then gently grab the cat . quinn ( cont 'd ) then where you gonna be , eh ? he carry the cat through the room . plant hang from the wall ; a goldfish tank in one corner ; a cage with mice in another . a old sheep dog huddle by the door . quinn walk to what pass for a " pantry " : a small sterno burner with a assortment of ancient food tin . quinn ( cont 'd ) they will try you . convict you . hang you . he empty a packet of dried milk into a bowl , fill it with water from a canteen , stir . ( continued ) il . continued : quinn ( cont 'd ) probably will not even give you a last meal . he set the bowl on the floor . Murphy hungrily lap the milk the sheep Dog by the door bark . quinn ( cont 'd ) do not worry , I be not playin ' favourite . quinn grab a partially burn book from a rickety shelf . then , dog in tow , he head out the door . int . stone hallway quinn walk through a narrow hallway of ancient rock . a boy and girl ( jare , 11 , and beth , 9 ) , face stain with soot , race around the corner and nearly knock into he . quinn oy oy oy , Jared . keep it under fifty . jare sorry , Chief . the child continue on with they chase - game . yawning , quinn walk on past the door to a SMALL chapel choir music within , intone a Catholic " kyrie " . we see the source of the music be a shortwave radio near the lectern . the music end , and a announcer's voice come over the radio , speak in italian . voice over shortwave this be vatican station , transmit from temporary sanctuary in sicilia ... quinn cross himself as he walk by the chapel . he head down a stone staircase , which in turn open out to ext . grand courtyard - morning Three acre enclose by 30 foot high stone wall . it 's a cross between a medieval village and a modern refugee camp . people dress in threadbare clothes go about morning business . some cook on grill fuel by solar batteries ; some get water from well pump by windmills . other tend live - stock roam freely through the area . everyone have the lean , hungry look of wartime refugee . ( continued ) 12 . continued : quinn walk by , nodd hellos . the resident ' reply be all respectful : " mornin ' , Chief ... up early , Chief ... " he head to the back of the yard where sit dave creedy -- 30 , red-haire , the runt of a short litter . his accent be cumbrian : a dialect that sound like a Scottish brogue run through a blender . he be cooking something over a coal fire as quinn approach . quinn there 's you man . creedy give we a kiss . quinn shave . creedy hand he a cup of tea . quinn look down , see what he friend be cooking : a frighteningly runny cheese sandwich . quinn ( cont 'd ) what 's this then ? creedy '' ( proudly ) fookin ' cheese toastie . quinn " fookin ' cheese , " eh ? ( inspect it . ) from a cow or you toe ? creedy try it a ' see . _ ( off quinn 's look ) oh , do not be " Mr. picky - poo " . I 's good this time , I put chive in it . quinn regards the ooze mess , politely shake he head . creedy ( cont 'd ) since when would you develop such a profoun'ly delicate palatte ? quinn since you find that damn cook book . quinn rise , walk over to a set of stair lead up to 13 . ext . top of wall - morning in what be obviously a morning ritual , quinn pace the walkway that run the top of the wall . he lean against the battlement , pull out the book he take from he shelf . it 's a technical manual title : oxygen unit repair . he start to read . pull back slowly to reveal he be stand on the wall of a medieval norman castle its ancient tower outfit with solar panel , barb wire and rusting gun . its formidable rock wall scar with huge black scorch mark . wound from a war with fire . panning away from the castle , we see the country it inhabit a burnt , desolate landscape . nothing stand much less live . the ground be slick black slag - as if it be burn , melt , then lick clean . it stretch to a ever-grey sky which itself seem scorched . superimpose : warwickshire , england . 2024 a.d. series of dissolves : over the barren domain . all seem lifeless until we come to a charree tree , stand like a sentinel on a hill overlook ext . several farming field - south of castle - day acre of color -- amber barley , green stalk of corn and alfalfa -- all reclaim from the sea of black . people from the castle be busy harvesting . some use decaye bit of technology -- tractor , mower , bailer . other use jury~rigged equipment pull by animal . around the field be several old water tender ~- firetruck with huge water tank and hose . men in firefighting gear sit atop they , armed with old rifle , gun , even crossbow . they scan the cloud -cover sky , watch for sign of life . int . castle - chapel - later a group of twenty student age four to twelve sit raptily watch quinn , who be act out a story for they . ( continued ) 14 . continued : quinn ( in a deep basso . ) '' join I " the Black knight say , " and we can end this destructive conflict together . " ( in a young voice . ) " I will never join you ! " the White knight cry . " you kill my father ! " but the knight in Black only stare at he , stare through the buggy eye of he black mask . and then he speak the word that burn into we hero 's heart forever . ( in deep basso . ) " no , luke . JI be you father ... the kid gasp at the revelation . jare you make that one up , Mr. quinn ? quinn I do . the kid mumble , impressed . quinn wink at faith , 17 , a sweet - face , ersatz school teacher who 's barely through be a student . she blushes at quinn 's wink , turn to the kid . faith right then , love . time for math . the kid all protest . faith ( cont 'd ) come on , now . thank the Fire Chief for comin ' to storytell . kide not yet ! one more ! please ! please ! faith can not get a word in . she look at quinn , who smile . quinn all right . just one ... kide '' the one about the shark " ! " the Indiana man " ! " the lion thingy " ! beth , a shy girl of eight , speak from the back . beth tell we about the Ashley . everyone go quiet at the mention of that name . Long pause . ( continued ) 15 . continued : quinn you have hear that one plenty , Beth . beth not the way you tell it . the child stare at he . quinn glance at faith , who nod . quinn gesture the kid in ; they gather around he in a tight circle , as if it be a campfire tale . quinn listen then . you have hear how they find the Ashley in London town . asleep in she cave , she be , in water colder and ' ice . so long in darkness , she skin be clear as glass . jare how long she be there ? quinn thousands of year , Jared . since the last ice age , even . beth be it magic she live so long ? quinn no , Beth . some reptile , they hibernate in the cold . scientist reckon she sleep without eatin' . without breathin . waitin for warmth to wake she . and it do ... with he hand he cast shadow of a winged shape on the wall . quinn ( cont 'd ) she rise into the sky that night , she skin turnin' the color of evening . then like a ghost in the wind she disappear . the hand ' shadow vanish . ext . castle parapet - day a lone watchman stand atop the castle tower . quinn ( vo ) oh , man look for she , surely . searched with machine from ocean to air . he scan the sky with a old coin- operate tourist binoculars . he put coin slug after coin slug into it to keep it go . ( continued ) 16 . continued : quinn ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) but the Ashley be smart . she would fly far into the arab desert ... ext . plain - near castle a sentry squat in a stone hutch , watch the sky with a telescope . quinn ( vo ) .+.- and bury herself deep in the sand where nobody would find she . unseen by the man , something move in the sky behind he . two airborne shape huge yet nearly invisible . they blend in with the smoky sky , like chameleon turn the color of cloud . int . CLASS room quinn a year later , that whole desert start shiftin ' a ' shakin’ , as if the sand " emselve be alive . and then ... quinn 's hand shadow imitate the ground explode . quinn ( cont 'd ) up they come ! thousands of thousand of they . the Ashley 's brood . takin ' to the air like locust . ext . sky high above farming field - day Pov of the airborne creature -- look down through the cloud cover at the live field below . quinn ( vo ) they fall first on the city ... reverse angle - by charree tree quinn ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) ... and then on the land . a wind pick up . the char tree tremble ... then disintegrate into swirling ash . 17 . int . classroom the kid look on expectantly . beth and then ? ext . grand courtyard - day as the wind pick up , the animal in the courtyard react . horse skitter . dog begin to howl and bark . int . classroom quinn suddenly stiffen , sense something . ext . castle parapet - day the watchman suddenly spy something . watchman oh , Christ ! he immediately turn the crank of a AIR raid siren . its ear - pierce whine cut through the air . ext . farm field - by water tender - day several firemen atop a tender look up just as crack !! a arc of phosphorous lightning strike the tender ! the vehicle explode in a cloud of superheate steam . int . chapel quinn gather the student . quinn Jared , get ‘em to the cellar ! faith , you be with I ... ext . farm field - day the siren blare as firemen on a second tender desperately try to extinguish the flame shoot up from the first ... two other firemen mount a decrepit WWII anti - aircraft gun ... terrify farm worker run scream for cover as ... crack !! another phosphorous Arc strike in the middle of the corn field . the effect be like napalm -- a swath of FIRE scything through the vegetation , consume all in its path . 18 . ext . courtyard - day the yard 's in the grip of order panic . like a city use to war , people run for pre-arranged protection of the castle tower as above the watchman shout watchman strike on the NORTH field !! strike on the NORTH field !! quinn and faith race to the yard 's end to a int . barn structure a rag-tag firehouse stock with equipment that range from modern day oxygen tank to old hand - operate waterpump . quinn rush to a two - way radio , flick it on . cry and sound of a desperate battle be hear . quinn justen ? talk to I ! justen ( os , over radio ) be be in the middle of the gobshite , Chief ! ext . field - day justen , 35 , buff , firefighter , scream into a combat phone . justen = get three tender down and two worm in the air ... his voice be drown out by the blam blam blam of the anti- aircraft gm as it blast its shell into the sky above . the shell explode , pock the cloudy air with black burst . but the shaze easily avoid the blast . barely visible , they slide into tie cloud like snake slithering under stone . int . barn / firehouse quinn lesten to I : dig in a ' hold you position . I be comin ' with back up . ( no response . ) jweten ? only a statichiss from the radio . ( continued ) 19 . continued : quinn look up . Dave creedy , faith and twenty men and women have join he . they stare at quinn in tense silence . quinn ( cont 'd ) suit up . montage clipped , staccato close -up of quinn and Co. suite up . they be like knight get ready for battle : a thick aluminized firecoat be throw over quinn 's shoulder ... a asbestos gauntlet / glove be thrust over he hand ... a pulaski ( double blade hoe and axe ) slide into a seeath on he back ... a fireman' helm fit over he head . finally , a plexiglass visor snap down over he face . ext . outside castle - by MAIN gate - day the metal gate be throw open ... and quinn charge out , riding atop a horse , lead a ragtag FIRE battallion on a range of vehicle : horse - draw firecart ; light pumper ( mini-firetruck the size of car ) ; a mack aepial ( a truck witn a long extension ladder ) ; and a alvis salamander ( armored 6 - wheel atv use for runway fire ) . ext . top of hill - day quinn pull up short , look down at the field below . the area be a inferno ! wall of thick black smoke rise into the air , backlit by orange flame . above , a WWII mosquito fighter plane roar by , dump red flame retardant foam over the fire . it do almost no good . quinn speak into a mic set into he helmet . quinn Eddie , gimme the word ... int . mosquito fighter plane - cockpit eddie stax -- 30 , cockney , so huge he barely fit into the cockpit -- stare out the window . eddie we get we a firebox , quinn . eddie' Pov -- field below . all four side of the field area be burning , create a literal box . within , people be ( continued ) 20 . continued : run , choke , look for a escape . blind by the black smoke , they can not see a way out ; they be like rat ina trap . eddie ( cont 'd ) I count 30 , maybe 40 people inside . quinn ( 0s ) any sign a the worm ? Eddie see a distant shape pass into the cloud above . eddie they be circlin' . ext . top of hill - day quinn keep ‘em off we back . we be gonna try a rescue . eddie ( os ) you mental ?! that wind shift , you get a firestorm . Neo one 's gonna make it ... quinn just do it ! quinn turn to he " troops " , now pull up to the hill . quinn ( cont 'd ) listen up ! all company , we be gonna take this bastard on the west side . I want a 20 meter firebreak in ten minute . ( dismount from he horse ) Danny , fit a 10 - k searchlight to the mack . my signal , you turn it on . quinn jump atop the salamander which creedy drive . quinn ( cont 'd ) bad news , Dave . you be with I . creedy what be we doin ' ? quinn walkin ' in God 's garden ... above angle the battallim charge down , split leave toward the west " wall " of the fire box . the salamander break right , straight to tie east " wall " where the fire burn fiercest . 21 . int . mosquito cockpit Andy , the plane 's 20 - year old tailgunner , nervously lock and load he gun as Eddie remove a microphone from he panel . he flick a switch mark PA system . . eddie oy !! wankers !! ext . outside mosquito - day his voice blare over a loudspeaker on the plane 's belly . eddie ( over PA ) yeah , you ! you slithey -toved bastard ! Pov - airborne creature take notice of the mosquito . we hear Eddie 's voice as the creature hear it : a series of harsh , grating noise . int . mosquito Andy open FIRE as the shape start to head for the plane . ext . sky - outside mosquito - day the plane bank , lead the shape away from the field . ext . field - west side of FIRE - day the fire company be attack the firewall : spraying water , use the pulaskis to create a firebreak . ext . field - east side of FIRE - day the salamander speed toward a wall of flame . quinn stand atop the vehicle , man a artillery size FIRE hose gun . creedy stick he head out the window . creedy don't you fall off ! quinn don't you slow down ! creedy mumble a prayer , then floors the accelerator . the firewall grow till it fill he entire line of sight . top of salamander -- quinn spray the fire , create a breach crash ! the salamander burst through the FIRE wall to 22 . ext . a crop field - day the inside of the " firebox " be a maelstrom of black - smofe pepper with red hot cinder . one can not see 5 foot ahead creedy it 's gonna be hell findin ' anybody ! quinn drive slow . they will find we ... quinn point the nozzle out and begin spraying water ina wide , slow arc into the smoke- choke field . ext . somewhere in the field - day a man and several child struggle in the darkness , unable to see , barely able to breath . there seem to be no way out . suddenly , a spray of water pierce through the thick hot smoke , sprinkle they face like a cool benediction . ext . top of salamander quinn keep spraying as he call into the black void . quinn anyone there ! keep low ! follow the water ! his eye be tear from the smoke as he scan the darkness . for a long moment , there be nothing . but then , through the cloud , they come . people , cough , choke , draw from the inferno by the life-give water . quinn ( cont 'd ) hold on to the truck ! they cling to the truck , which lead they through the dark . ext . sky - by mosquito - day flash ! a phosphorous arc cut through the cloud like horizontal lightning . the mosquito barely avoid it . eddie' voice ( over PA ) be that the best you can do ?! you sod - suckin ' excuse for a reptile ...? int . mosquito cockpit Andy look out the window , shout to he . Eddie see that he right engine be on fire . he switch frequency on the mic . ( continued ) 23 . continued : ; eddie quinn ... I get a flame out on number two . we gotta call it a day ... ext . sky by mosquito - Day the mosquito bank away , toward the safety of the castle . ext . field - by salamander - day a string of people now hold on to the salamander for dear life . but it 's a case of the blind lead the blind . creedy I can not see a bloody thing ... quinn settle down . ( to Radio ) faith ! how 's my fireline ? ext . west side of field - day the firemen have create a 20 meter break in the fire wall . it literally look like a door out of hell . faith speak into she radio . faith right and ready , Chief . quinn ( over radio ) that 10 k rig ? faith look up to brigade lieutenant danny goodwin , age 30 , who stand atop a thirty foot ladder that extend from the mack . a searchlight have be set upon it . danny ready , Chief . quinn ( os over radio} Light ‘em up . Danny throw a switch . the searchlight flicker on ext . field - by salamander - day the light pierce through the smoke like a knife . a beacon to guide the salamander out . creedy laugh . he drive toward the light . ( continued ) 24 . continued : but then quinn hear a boy shouting behind he . boy Mr. quinn ! my sister ... she let go ... quinn call to creedy . quinn keep it movin ' , Dave ! quinn jump off the back , head toward the field . ext . sky - day Pov of airborne creature -- fly back toward the field . ext . by firebreak - day the firemen rush to help the survivor into every vehicle . a gentle whoosh of a breeze be hear . faith feel it first . faith ( nervously , to walkie - talkie ) quinn ... ext . field - day quinn pick up a barely conscious girl lie on the ground . faith ( os , over radio ) wind changin ' . the fire 's gonna flare ... his radio sputter . quinn tap it . no good . it's dead . ext . field - by firebreak - day faith quinn ? can you hear I ? no response . unsure of whether quinn know of the danger , she run into the field in search of she chief . ext . field - by quinn -' day from he belt , quinn pull a FIRE shelter -- a floorless aluminum pup tent . he spread it over himself and the girl . he secure the edge with he boot tip and glove hand . quinn glynnis ... we be gonna close we eye a ' stay flat . when I count three , you hold you breath . can you do that for I ? ( continued ) 25 . continued : the girl nod , terrify . the roar of wind get louder . quinn ( cont 'd ) one ... ext . another part of the field - day faith feel the wind . she pull out she emergency shelter . quinn ( os ) two ... faith try to assemble it , but lack quinn 's experience calm . her hand shake , cost she precious second . int . quinn' FIRE -shelter quinn Three . quinn and the girl breath deep . ext . field - various - day whoosh ! a gust of wind send fire flaring over the field . it wash like a tsunami over quinn 's emergency shelter ... ext . field - by faith - day ... and strike faith full on as she try to get into she own shelter . so quick , she never know what hit she . int . quinn' FIRE shelter the girl clutches quinn as the fire flare over the shelter , shaking and roaring as if it be a live thing . ext . field - day the salamander drive in . danny' at the wheel , creedy man the water gun , spraying the fiery ground before he . he see quinn 's shelter , spray the area around it . creedy quinn ! quinn emerge from the shelter , the young girl in he arm . creedy ( cont 'd ) move it ! we get worm comin ' ! ( continued ) 26 . continued : quinn ( handing girl to Danny ) where 's faith ? Danny shake he head . quinn stare a second , unbely . he turn , start to go look for the girl . creedy stop he . creedy forget it , quinn ! she' dusted ! quinn struggle ; but creedy be much stronger than he look . he pull quinn back to the salamander . ext . hill over field - aerial view - day shadow of two winged form pass over the land , fly north towerd the burn field . danny ( o.s. , over radio ) Chief , they be comin ' down . you want a counterattack ? int . salamander quinn look at the blacken , exhaust face of he firemen . creedy they will just go airborne again . hit we from the sky . quinn stare out the window , he eye weary , almost lifeless . quinn pull back . ext . hill over field ~ aerial view - day the battallion of fire vehicle beat a hasty retreat south . ext . field - day the fire subside . once green field be now nothing but ash . through smoke , we see silhouettes of two huge winged shape landing on the field . we do not get a full view of they ; just close shot of part of there body see through the smoke : a claw / leg -- the stunt limb of a beast not build for walk . wing -- vein , leathery , batlike . fold silently against ( continued ) 27 . continued : a giant torso -- 30 - foot of slick , reptilian scale . the scale be the color of cloud . but as they near the char earth , they change hue , turn the color of the dark ground . finally -- and perhaps worst of all -- a huge mouth enter frame . lip curl in the perpetual smile of a predator . its tooth be like row of sword - length razor sharp needle . a cable -like tongue unwind from its maw . it sweep over the char ground and begin to rake in pile of ash . the mouth feed on the ash . its needle - tooth mesh together , create a kind of filter which strain bit not completely burn : piece of metal , wood and human bone . as the mouth work its meal , something fall from its lip . the remain of faith 's scorched FIRE shelter . a rattling SOUND be hear , follow by a short burst of phosphorous flame . the fire consume the shine tent , reduce the last remnant of the girl to ash . dissolve to : ext . castle - night lit by solar - power floodlight , it look like a island catch between dual void of black sky and black earth . eddie ( os ) look , if my conscience could change the math , it would ... int . meeting hall a council of firemen -- creedy , Danny , Eddie among they -- argue around a long rusted table . quinn sit at the head , examine a chalkboard fill with numeric calculation . eddie but it 's plain subtraction , all right ? with that field go , we be not gonna have enough food for winter . danny it 's only August . we can still lay ina new crop ... eddie with that worm out there ? creedy they will leave once they have feed . ( continued ) 28 . continued : eddie that could be month . creedy you the bloody Almanac now ? eddie no , creedy , I just get bloody eye ... quinn ( calmly ) all right , cut it down . the group shut up . they stare at quinn , who scratch recalculation on the board with a piece of chalk . quinn ( cont 'd ) now we still get the hydroponics . I can convert the main hall into a greenhouse . if we cut to half -ration ... trade for seed with Edinburgh ... look up at they . ) it will not be a feast , lad , but it will get folk through to March . eddie that 's it , then ? the grand solution ? quinn look at he . Eddie shake he head bitterly . creedy you get a problem with it ? eddie nooo . I think it 's rosey - fuckin' - doo . ( to the other . ) we burrow like rat . starve through another winter ... danny Eddie ... eddie ... meanwhile , Ashley squat in London , hatching she egg . come spring , she kid can just burn we out again ... quinn all right . eddie it 's not all right , Chief ! how long we gotta put up with this ?! ( continued ) 29 . continued : quinn see the same question reflect in each of he firemen 's eye . when Eddie speak again , it 's a challenge . eddie ( cont 'd ) I be for goin ' to London . quinn shake he head . Eddie turn to the other . eddie ( cont 'd ) look , there 's building still standin ' there . food. Medicine . if we knock out Ashley 's nest , it 's all ours ... creedy we can not even handle the two worm here . you wanna pick a fight with they mar ?! eddie I would rather go out fightin ' than starvin' . quinn a ' take the whole castle with you ? { shake he head . ) we stick to the strategy . eddie ( icily ) same strategy that get faith kill ? the room go dead quiet ; Eddie 's clearly cross a line . eddie ( cont 'd ) I say we put it to a vote . ( to quinn ) or you too much of a big girl 's blouse ? quinn remain compose . he rise , chalkboard in hand . quinn all right . I can see there 's a bit of division on the subject . ( start walk around table ) but let 's not start callin ' name , yeah ? least we owe each other be the courtesy of debate this like englishmen ... quinn wheel round and break the chalkboard on eddie' head . the firemen be take aback . quinn stand over Eddie . ( continued ) 30 . continued : quinn ( cont 'd ) you first job 's to this community . not you damn pride . you wanna play buckaroo , join another brigade . quinn toss the break chalkboard down to he , then leave . int . quinn be room - later that night quinn feed he fish with grub from a jar of earth . a knock on the door . creedy enter , carry a plate fill with a scary look potato . quinn regards it dubiously . quinn what 's this then ? creedy fookin ' spud . ( set it down ) I simmer it in gravy ; give it a nice bouquet . earthy . kin ' a mooshroomy ... quinn almost fungus-y . creedy just eat it . quinn smile , take the plate . creedy sit on the bed ; he 's visibly on edge . quinn you be havin ' conversation . creedy try to put it delicately . creedy there 's some thinkin' ... maybe Eddie 's right . quinn shake he head . creedy ( cont 'd ) quinn , he 's get a big mouth , but he 's also get a point . we can not last here forever . sooner or later , we gotta make a stand ... quinn we be makin ' a stand . ( continued ) 31 . continued : quinn go to the window , gesture out . quinn ( cont 'd ) look at it . twenty year ago , you could not see the sky , there be so many of them . ten year , you could not lay ina crop . now we can . what 's that tell you ? creedy rub he eye . they have be through this before . quinn ( cont 'd ) we can outlast ‘em , Dave . every year , there 's less to burn , less ash for them to eat . they will starve eventually . we just gotta hang on till ... creedy till when ? you do not know . quinn I know Ashley . we go stirrin ' she up , we will be diggin’ grave for every man , woman a ' child around . ( shake he head . ) I be not partial to doin ' that duty again . creedy glance at a fade 20 th - century postcard on the wall : a photo ofa castle with inscription : pembrey castle . creedy that be eight year ago , mate . you can not keep blamin ' yourself ... quinn suddenly stop , see something through the window : bright ligt play in the distance , slowly approach . shout be Zeard in the hall outside . Danny run in . danny wehicle comin ' ! ( nervously , to quinn . ) % E look like a raid party . quinn and geedy exchang= glance , then head for the door . ext . castlebattlement - night alive with mmmotion . quinn 's firemen run along the battlement , take position with gun , crossbow , etc . armed with arold rifle , quinn climb up to the battlement . he stare owover the wall . ( continued ) i 32 . continued : white light dart wildly in the darkness over the ridge , accompany by the distant roar of very big engine . ext . nearby ridge - night close shot of wheel and tread of some seriously heavy vehicle . chew up and spitting out chunks of blacken ground as they grind toward the castle . ext . battlement quinn pace the battlement , commanding like a general . quinn Danny , take B company to the south wall . Eddie ! get that goddam howitzer up here ! the engine roar get louder ; the white light closer . ext . watchtower - night the watchman squint into he Tourist binoculars . he Pov a license plate attach to a yet unseen vehicle . it read : new hampshire . " live free or die " . pull back to reveal it be attach to a abram tank . 46 ton . God 's wrath in metal . ext . battlement - night as they pull a howitzer into position on the wall , quinn and creedy get a glimpse of what 's come . creedy say goodnight to the folk , Gracie ... ext . ridge - night EIGHT heavily armore vehicle follow the abram : BRADLEY armore personnel carrier bristle with gun ; aml mini - tank outfit with harpoon launchers ; and finally , a scud - like mowag missile carrier . ext . battlement - night firemen look at each other nervously . they be utterly outgun . quinn try to keep they from panic . ( continued ) 33 . continued : quinn easy , lad . we still get height on them . the vericle ' roar become deafen . in the blind glare of they headlight , they look like a herd of metal monster . quinn take a position at the wall . quinn ( cont 'd ) Fire by file on my signal ! the vehicle keep come . a whirrrr from the apc . artillery gun sprout from well at they top , aim at creedy , who nervously man the howitzer . it 's like face down a bazooka with a water pistol . quinn ( cont 'd ) steady !! the abram tank turn its massive turret gun toward the firemen , hold position , keep one eye on quinn , who raise he arm , wait till the enemy 's in range . quinn ( cont 'd ) steady !! his arm be about to come down when suddenly the vehicle stop . that quickly . all noise fade into echoe . quinn do not move . a long , eerie silence follow , break by the abram tank . a metallic ch¥-chk - chk be hear from its top-hatch . the hatch open up with a heavy clunk ! a scar left hand appear , hold a pdw submachine gun . a equally scar right hand appear , hold a cigar . the two arm work together to pull up they massive owner denton van zan 30 , handsome , a american Achilles . the classical feature of a Roman general ; the 1000 - yard stare of a Vietnam vet . he survey the landscape impassively , light the cigar with a Zippo , take a drag , then pass judgment . ( continued ) 34 . continued : van 2 a ( '' what ...a...dump . ext . battlement / ground before castle - night - intercut quinn hear the man 's accent , look over at creedy . quinn Americans ? van 2 a ( os ) you by the howitzer ! creedy turn , see Van Zan be talk to he . van zan ( cont 'd ) yeah , you , sparky . who 's in charge ? creedy what he call I ? quinn shhh ... creedy I ain ' no fookin ' " sparky " !! ' quinn shut you gob ! quinn pull creedy back . beat . he yell back at Van Zan . quinn ( cont 'd ) what 's you business ? Van Zan smile . van zan Real estate . quinn yeah , well , the market 's a bit depressed right now . I advise lookin ' elsewhere . van zan relax , bro . we be here to make friend . Van Zan lay down he gun , jump to the ground , raise he empty hand in a sign of " truce " . Long beat . quinn consider , then call out to he . ( continued ) 35 . continued : quinn keep you vehicle back . I will meet you at the gate . Van Zan begin walk toward the castle . quinn give creedy he rifle . quinn ( cont 'd ) he try anything , you know what to do . it 's plain from creedy 's face he have not any idea . ext . courtyard - by gate - night quinn nod to a firemen . the man open the gate , revealing Van Zan , stand casually on the other side . the two man look at each other a moment , size one another up . van zan I be tell in medieval day , two king would meet , they would exchange the kiss of peace . ( extends he hand . ) I will settle for a handshake . quinn back then , they shook hand to see if there be weapon up they sleeve . quinn take Van Zan 's hand . not as much a greeting as a method of immobilization . for a moment , neither man let go . quinn ( cont 'd ) what 's you game , mate ? you tradin ' 's or attackin' ? van zan that depend on you , " Mr. buddy " . quinn I be not you " buddy " . van 2 zan and I be not you " mate " . but that do not mean we can not come to a agreement . ( gesture back to he vehicle . ) my boy be kinda tired . Long trip , bad food . we be hopin ' for accommodation . quinn what 's it worth to you ? ( continued ) continued : Van Zan remove a pack from he shoulder , hand it to quinn . it 's fill with army issue ckration . van 2 a 100 pound of c-ration . plus freeze - dry ice-cream for the kid . quinn consider a moment , then toss the bag back at he . quinn I think you can do better . Van Zan remain pleasant , but show a flash of tooth as he toss the bag back at he . van zan you know ... you be really not ina position to negotiate . Van Zan nod in the direction of he mini armada . quinn take it in stride , throw the bag back at he . quinn I reckon I be doin ' all right . quinn nod up to he armed man lining the battlement . Van Zan smile , know they be even . he hold out the bag , this time a little more congenially . van zan okay , friend . 150 pound . quinn 200 . and that 's just for one night . van zan done . quinn go to take the bag . Van Zan grab he hand . van zan ( cont 'd ) but you do not get any ice cream . quinn allow himself a smile . he take the bag . ext . over castle - aerial view - a little later - night Van Zan 's armada enter through the gate into 37 . ext . courtyard - night resident line up to gawk at the new arrival . quinn and he firemen watch , they weapon at the ready . danny " Denton Van Zan " ? quinn that 's what he call himself . creedy sound like a blood disease . they ship all that shite over ? quinn Transport plane . crash - land off the coast . eddie what the hell be they do here ? quinn be silent . he just stare at the courtyard Van Zan sit atop the move tank , wave to the people with all of the confidence of patton enter palermo . van zan evenin ' ... nice to be here ... thanks for watch ... several kide touch he tank in fascination . van zan ( cont 'd ) " scuse I . the kid look up . Van Zan stare down at they coldly . van zan ( cont 'd ) do I play with you tank ? beat . the kid all shake they head . van zan ( cont 'd ) then do not mess with mine . scram . and they do . ext . another part of the courtyard - night creedy watch Van Zan 's men unpack they vehicle . they be scar , harden folk who have spend much time in the field . ( continued ) 38 . continued : he netice a shrimpy 16 - year old kid unload he gear from a truck . the boy have no legs . just tie off stump at he hip . none of he comrade make any attempt to help he . move by the sight , creedy walk over to he . creedy need a hand there , lad ? the kid draw a huge shotgun from a sheath on he back . kid suck my dick . creedy go crimson . a deep laugh be hear behind he . creedy turn to see gideon -- black , 30 , seven - foot of post-apocalyptic rasta man . gideon he fine by himself , mon . Da Pope do not like charity . creedy look back at the kid , who shall now be know as creedy " the Pope " ? before creedy can say more , the SOUND of rotors be hear . ext . CENTER of courtyard - night a wash of wind and light come over the crowd . van zan lady and gentleman , you all might want to move back a bit ... the crowd rush to get out of the way of a blackhawk " " helicopter , descend from the heaven . it nestle down into the middle of the courtyard . quinn aw , spiffy ... but he attitude change when the pilot appear at the door colleen beane -- 20 , small build , enigmatic eye . her perpetual dress be a unisex flight - suit and combat boot . van zan what take you , beane ? ( continued ) 39 . continued : colleen ( laugh ) what take I ? you coordinate , my man . they almost take I to France . ( put she arm on he shoulder ) not that I could not use the vacation ... the two walk off . quinn find himself stare at she . not because it 's a female pilot ; rather , because it 's one of that time when he can not help himself . ext . courtyard - later - night creedy walk with Van Zan , who carry the Pope back - to- back via a harness . Pope hang from the man like a weird knapsack . creedy I take it you watch he back . the pope no , sparky . he watch mine . pan over to colleen and quinn , walk behind they . colleen look around the area , inspect the castle wall . colleen I have never see a base like this . it pretty secure ? quinn we move into here after the other building be destroy . the norman build they castle to last . colleen norman ? quinn norman dynasty . y'know , Richard the lionheart . colleen he you Fire Chief ? quinn ah ...no . he be a king back in the ... colleen I be kid . quinn look at she , surprised . he chuckle . ( continued ) 40 continued : quinn that 's good . you get I . you do not look like someone who would do that . colleen look can be deceive . quinn name be a bit more straightforward . ( offer he hand . ) quinn . colleen colleen . they take each other 's hand . int . stable bunk down in the straw , the Pope unlatch he guitar case . colleen check out one of the horse , patting its neck . quinn watch she from the door as creedy talk with Van Zan . creedy »+- clean up afterwards . a ' no funny stuff with the livestock . van zan we will try to contain ourselves . creedy go to the door . quinn turn to colleen . quinn sleep well . Van Zan clap a friendly / warning hand on quinn 's shoulder . van 2 a we will sleep light . quinn smile thinly . quinn by a stun coincidence , so will we ... ext . battlement - night - various weapon armed , quinn and the firemen stand post on the battle - ment , tensely watch for any treachery from the yank . 41 . int . stable — Van Zar look through the slat . he smile at the Pope . van zan think they know what they be in for ? the Pope smile back . he pull a rocket propelled grenade launcher ( rpg ) from he case . it gleam balefully in the lantern light . dissolve to : ext . horizon outside castle - dawn the sun rise in the smoke fill sky . ext . battlement - by quinn - morning quinn slump asleep by the battlement , rifle in he hand . creedy nudge he . creedy the , ah , Lord of the Americas desire you presence in the courtyard . quinn ( hah ? quinn look down . at the end of the courtyard , Van Zan sit , surround by quinn 's firemen . they have put down there weapon and listen intently to he , like kid at a camp fire . quinn ( cont would ) bloody shaggin ' hell ... creedy you might wanna talk to he , quinn . quinn what ? why ? creedy he say he 's a dragonslayer . ext . courtyard - morning Jared and Beth play with Van Zan 's discard cigar butt . jare no no no , it 's like this ... ( take a drag , imitate Van Zan . ) ( '' what a dump ! " ( continued ) 42 . continued : quinn ( os ) Jared , get that outa you mouth ! quinn grab the cigar as he walk hurriedly by with creedy . creedy '' ..- he say they kill ten of ‘em in Chicago . ten ! gideon the rasta man pass by . gideon top a da mohnin' . creedy jah-love ... ( to quinn ) they practically clean out Los Angeles . ext . further down courtyard ~ morning Van Zan sit on he tank , hold court to the firemen . the Pope sit below he , a obnoxious court jester . van zan .».. the worst ? Hell , I would have to say ... the pope Grand Canyon . van zan oh , yeah . that be a turdsucker ... quinn ( os ) oy ! beowulf ! quinn approach he . beat . the two eye each other . quinn ( cont 'd ) I be tell you be a scrapper . beat . Van Zan remove a pair of mirror lense sunglass from he pocket , put they on as if he be a celebrity . van zan my associate and I have be know to '' scrap '' thing from time to time ... int . meeting hall - later quinn and the inner circle of firemen sit at the council table . facing they be Van Zan and the Pope , both wear sunglass and look very much the cool customer . ( continued ) 43 . continued : quinn a hundred and fifty ?! the pope one fifty three to be exact . creedy keep a score -card , do ya ? the pope ( deadpan ) we have a newsletter . quinn wait a sec , rambo : last I know , it take eight fighter jet just to kill one ... van z2an sure . in the old day . ( rise , begin to pace . ) first we use fighter . then nerve gas . then nuke . Hell , we lose more people to collateral damage than we ever do to the snake . it 's no miracle they overran we . he 's come to the head of the table . he stare at quinn . van 2 a ( cont 'd ) but they can be kill , folk . cleanly . easily . no stress , no mess . just take a little bit a " this " ... ( tap he head . and a little bit a " this " . ( hold out he '' fuck you " finger . ) silence . the firemen look to they leader for a response . quinn stand up , stare at Van Zan a long moment . quinn how much a " this " ... ( hold up he own " fuck you " finger ) ...to get rid a the two we get here ? Van Zan look at quinn 's finger challengingly . van zan how much you get ? beat . quinn nod at he council . one by one , each of he man raise they middle finger . a forest of fuck yous sprout up . Van Zan smile . he like that . he like it a lot . 44 . int . firehouse van zan ( 0s ) first off , you have to know you enemy . reveal Van Zan address a assembly of all of quinn' firemen . he talk with the energy of a powerbroker . van zan ( cont 'd ) worm , snake , dragon . you deal with ‘em every day ; but what do you know about ‘em ? he pick out one tow- head young rookie fireman van zan ( cont 'd ) you : jughead . the rookie nervously stand , as if he be in class . rookie well , they ... they be a kind a dinosaur ... van zan pre-dinosaur , Einstein . cambrian species . crawle out of a much scarier swamp than you ever do . ( to the other . ) anyone tell I why they eat ash ? all be silent . finally it 's quinn who speak up . quinn they can only digest pure carbon . Van Zan raise he eyebrow , mock -impress . van 2 a so how come we never find any fossil ? quinn they burnt each other for food . you be not tellin ' I anything new , mate . Van Zan smile a challenging smile . van zan I be tellin ' you the big picture ... int . chapel thunk ! a giant dragon -hide scroll be unroll down the aisle . ( continued ) 4s. continued : van zan ( 0.s. ) they be like locust . on it have be paint a series of picture , like the bayeux tapestry , show the life cycle of dragon . van zan ( cont 'd ) every 50,000 year , they come up , breed and burn , eat and starve . Van 2 a walk down the aisle , talk to the castle resident who be cramme into the hall try to get a look . van zan ( cont 'd ) they do not just kill the dinosaur , folk . they be responsible for every Major die - off on this planet . ash they throw in the air cause nuclear winter that start the freakin ' ice-age . pan over the stand room crowd . quinn watch at back . van zan ( cont 'd ) oh , a few of them survive between cycle . probably give rise to the legend . quinn so you do not put stock in the myth then ? van zan what , that they be the " scourge of God " ? ( laugh . ) no . we make the myth . he look at a stain glass depiction of the creation of man . van zan ( cont 'd ) as for the " scourge of God " -- you be talk to he . int . quinn' room just Van Zan and quinn now , share a bottle of glenfiddich . quinn so now you wanna " scourge " for we ? van zan Mr. buddy , I can have you sowin ' crop by Monday and eatin ' pretty all winter . quinn just what do you get out of it ? ( continued ) 46 . continued : ven Zan look out the window . van 2 a I have see a 1000 community like yours , quinn . scare . starve . Fighting a war of attrition till the snake go away . ( turn to he . ) well , they will not . not till we have pulverize , excise and atomize they off we god-given planet . Van Zan walk to the table , a odd light in he eye . van zan ( cont 'd ) see , what people do not realize be ... this be not no disco . ( smile .) it 's a mother fuckin ' holy war ! bam ! he bang the table so hard it nearly crack . quinn so that 's it , eh ? you want recruit . van zan you get a problem with that ? quinn what I get be 300 people lookin ' for protection . you want to help ‘em , fine . but I will not have them be fodder for a personal fuckin' Jihad ... van zan come off it , Chief . we all get score to settle with them . quinn I have learn to live with it . van zan no offense , but I think you have learn to take it up you limey butt . beat . Van Zan 's cross that line . quinn rise , come face - to ~ face with he , deadly polite . quinn it 's a '' british butt " . a ' I be not in the habit of takin ' anything there . includin ' you General patton attitude . ( continued ) wc 47 . continued : van zan if it be not for patton , you people would be speak german . quinn if it be not for my people , you would not be speakin' English . tense moment ... which be break by Van Zan 's easy grin . van zan least we can understand each other . ( offer he hand ) do this one job together . if you like the collaboration ... we will talk about other . quinn stare into Van Zan 's eye . be he make a deal with a savior ? or a devil ? a moment of decision . quinn spit into he own palm . Van Zan smile , do likewise . they hand come together with a slap ! smash CUT to : montage Van Zan 's militia gear up . van zan ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) four easy step to this , people . get it right or get a priest . int . courtyard - day Van Zan address quinn 's firemen . van zan one : knock them outta the air ... ext . courtyard - by blackhawk - day colleen attaches missile to the copter 's fuselage . van zan ( vo ) they may be hotshit up there ... nearby , gideon and two men assemble bizarre - look body harness . ( continued ) 48 . continued : van zan ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) +.. but they be jackshit down here . ext . courtyard - by van zan .- day van 2 a two : stop they flame ... he pick up some stone , shake they . it sound like the same rattle the dragon make . van zan ( cont 'd ) they rattle rock in they throat to spark they phosphorous . ext . courtyard - by tank man -size harpoon be fit in launchers on the aml minitank . van 2 a ( vo ) if you hold the bastard down , then hit ‘em in the gut ... huge shell be load into the abram tank . ext . courtyard - by van zan - day Van Zan toss pebble onto the dirt floor like dice . van 2 a they will spit them up every time . which bring we to " three " . ( tap bottom of he throat . ) gland that secrete they napalm be here . int . stable the Pope slide a rocket bolt into the weapon . van 2 a ( vo ) put a good - size grenade down there ... the bolt lock into place with a sinister click . ext . courtyard - by van zan - day van 2 a -.. and you be all ready for step " four " . creedy what might that be ? ( continued ) 49 . continued : Van Zan smile evilly . as if to say : " you will see " . ext . outside castle - day Van Zan 's militia move out , flanke by quinn 's firemen . flag fly from each vehicle : the original U.S. flag of 1775 -- a picture of a snake with the logo : don't tread on I . end montage . dissolve to : ext . plain - day vehicle be strategically place on what look like a barren mmoonscape . burn shadow of a once lush forest be etched on the stone . the only sound be the flutter of flag . find quinn , talk to he man . quinn -..we stay outa the perimeter till the order come . last thing I need be one a you tosser gettin ' dust . creedy where you gonna be ? colleen ( 0.s. ) Denton want he in the chopper . quinn turn to see colleen approach . quinn I do not take order from you boss , lass . colleen that 's okay . you can take ‘em from I . firemen ooococoh . . quinn blushes despite himself . colleen smile . colleen you want to see how this work , right ? beat . quinn look up toward Van Zan , who stand on a hill nearby . the american speak into a headset . van zan all unit , this be good shepherd . let 's get ready for the revival ... 50 . ext . around the perimeter - day Van Zan 's man throw dark colored netting over they vehicle , camouflage themselves in the black blast landscape . int . blackhawk gideon and two men secure they " harness " in the hold . quinn belt up in the copilot seat , colleen next to he . he cast a glance at she . she notice . colleen what ? quinn I be just thinkin' . I have only see you in that jumpsuit . I be wonderin ' if you would like some other clothes . colleen you straps're on wrong . she move to help he . colleen ( cont 'd ) * you ever be up in one of this ? quinn bh . no. I have just fly plane . colleen well , this be a lot different . ( fasten he buckle . ) whatever you do , do not touch anything . quinn ; you be makin ' that a tad difficult . he smile . she blushes despite herself , clip he belt . ext . by SOUND vehicle - day Van Zan go to the driver 's seat . there sit goosh -- stringy hair , hippy - like demeanor , zap out eye . imagine Dennis Hopper from apocalypse now as a disc jockey . goosh what 's the theme ? van zan hard-core . ( continued ) ( CO $ 1 . continued : goosh awesome . goosh nod . he press a couple of button on he console . several industrial size amplifier lift up from the top of the carrier . Van Zan pick up a mic from the vehicle . his voice blare . van zan lady and gentleman , be we ready to rock ?! Van Zan 's soldier give a rousing cheer . van zan soldier yeah ! van zan be we ready to rock ?! van han' soldier yeah ! ! the englishmen look at each other nervously . ext . by SOUND vehicle - day - continuous ar wheel on a CD player turn , click into place . a hard - core industrial song blast from the speaker . int . blackhawk quinn look at colleen , who flip circuit breaker overhead . colleen sound lure them in , screw with they hearing . they do not like music . gideon and it take we mind off dis crazy shit . ext . plain - day Van Zan be do a passionate " air guitar '' duet with the Pope , who use he rpg as a guitar . ext . by quinn' firemen - day creedy 's face fall ; the sanity quotient be not lookin ' high . ( continued ) 52 . continued : creedy we be so fookin ' fook . ext . sky above battlefield - day the blackhawk leap into the air like a dog off its chain . the music rise with it . a clarion call to battle ... series of dissolves : through a cloud-choked sky , move far , far away . the music become faint ... fainter ... until it 's a whisper in the wind . but then , just as it 's about to become inaudible CUT to : ext . sky - Pov of unseen airborne creature come from the opposite direction . we hear the music as the creature hear it : as sharp , disjoint screech . the thing bank through a cloud toward the sound . int . radar vehicle a blip appear on a radar screen . the radar operator speak . radar operator good shepherd , this be Oracle . we have a visitor to the revival ... ext . field - by van zan - day the man 's voice be hear over the headset . radar operator 5 klick , forty degree North Northeast . van zan seraph , you copy that ? int . blackhe®k colleen respond into she radio . colleen seraph copy . we be at two thousand fee and ready to dance . van zan ( os ) dress the angel . ( continued ) 53 . continued : colleen make a handsign to gideon and he friend . they begin to put on they metal " harness " . ext . sky - by airborne camouflaged creature - day its nearly invisible shape slip easily through the heaven . int . radar vehicle the blip on screen have move closer to the center . radar operator visitor be three klick and close ... int . blackhawk gideon and he cohort insert themselves into the harness : brace over they leg ; metal rod along they chest ; rifle attach to they stomach ; pack on they back . colleen angel be ready . ext . plain - by van zan - day Van Zan scan the sky with he binocular . van zan send them out . int . blackhawk quinn watch , perplex , as gideon go to the cargo passenger door on the right . gideon flash a smile . gideon you wanna dance wid da Devil , you gotta walk wid da Lord ... he open the cargo door . then , with the grace of a cliff diver , he leap out . ext . sky outside blackhawk - day gideon fall , he two pal right behind he . body rigid , they hurtle zoward the ground like knife . gideon mouth a countdown , then grab the two metal rod that run along he chest . what follow be instantaneous : he flip out he hand and the metal rod ... his leg do a scissor kick ; the leg brace lock with a SNAP ! ( continued ) 54 . continued : his backpack open ...a bloom of fabric appear ... ext . plain - by quinn' firemen - day the firemen watch , slack jaw . eddie you get to be joke . int . blackhawk colleen smile wryly at quinn 's surprise . colleen good shepherd , the angel be fly . ext . sky - day the harness have opened into bizarre - looking hanglider ! the invention could be out of a Da vinci draw ; the image out of a religious painting . for the three man glide easily through the air look literally like angel . int . radar vehicle the blip have get closer to the center of the screen . radar operator visitor be two kilometer and close . int . sky a flick of a tail be see ; a glance of a leathery wing . ext . plain - by van Z2 a - day van z2an aerial unit , lock and load . int . blackhawk colleen flip the safety of she armament Fire Control switch . ext . sky - on gideon - day gideon remove what look like a staff from he stomach . we see it be a incredibly long rifle . a cannister with spike ( a " sonic grenade " ) be fit snugly into the barrel . the two other hanglider ( archangels # 1 & # 2 ) follow suit . 55 . int . radar vehicle the blip on screen be closer ... closer ... radar operator one kilometer ... int . blackhawk quinn see something 's emerge from the cloud ahead . int . radar vehicle the blip enter the radar 's inner circle . radar operator 21l unit ... visitor have arrive . ext . sky - day and like a child 's nightmare , it emerge from the cloud 2_deagon its huge body be dwarf by the span of its massive wing . vestigial legs line its scaly torso , they claw open and close reflexively . if giger be to mate with the Brothers Grimm , this be the abomination they would spawn . ext . plain - by van zan - day colleen ( 0.s. , over radio ) we get we a adolescent . Worker class . Fifteen meter and ready for a fight . Van Zan 's face be impassive as a mountain . van zan Tet 's give it some religion . int . blackhawk cockpit colleen press the armament FIRE switch . ext . outside blackhawk the missile burst forth , tear through the air toward ... ext . the dr&son which are ard avoid the first missile . the second detonate bereath its tail . no damage ; just annoyance . ( continued ) 56 . continued : the creature rear back like a airborne cobra . a rattling be hear from its throat ... and a blast of phosphorous lightning burst from its mouth ! the blackhawk swerve , barely miss get fry . it arc , speed away from the monster . int . inside blackhawk cockpit quinn look out he side window to see ext . the dragon - day give chase , the way a wolf would run down a rabbit . dragon' Pov the blackhawk bank and swerve in evasive action ; the creature can not get a clean hit with its phosphorous . but at the rate its close , in a few second , it will not matter . int . inside blackhawk cockpit quinn stare at colleen , handle the many control like a virtuosc organist . she 's pretty calm , give the situation . quinn anything I can do ? colleen Nah . quinn look out the window . colleen trust I . we be be watch over . ext . the dragon - day be now within spitting distance of the blackhawk . its maw open , its throat start rattling ... wham ! a spike sonic grenade cannister slam into the beast 's neck . it clamp to the skin and emit a deafen whine . the Dragon reel back to see a hanglide " angel " sweeping by with amazing grace . ( continued ) 57 . continued : archangel # 1 { into he helmet mic ) seraph , this be archangel one ... int . inside blackhawk cockpit archangel # 1 ( os ) -..we get it from here . quinn look out the window . ext . sky - by dragon - day " '' 1 the hanglide " angel " be battling the dragon mid - AIR ! it 's a awesome sight . they long rifle look like angel staff . against the behemoth , gideon and he man seem as sparrow try to bring down a eagle . the Dragon twist , try to get a fix on the annoying gnat . it see archangel # 1 , let out a phosphorous stream . archangel # 1 easily bank away ... ... and archangel # 2 close in . he raise he rifle , fire ... his sonic grenade slam into the Dragon 's face like a burr . the Dragon begin to thrash in pain . archangel # 2 ( into helmet mic ) gideon , it 's all yours . high above they gideon glide almost listlessly . his glider sweep up ... and then plunge down -- like a hawk go in for the attack the dragon neither hear nor see he . gideon hold out he rifle , take aim . gideon all right , snake ... ( finger tighten on trigger ) .- here 's mud in you ear . he fire ! ( continued ) 58 . continued : the sonic grenade slam into the expose stretch tympanum of the Dragon 's ear . it goe off in a high - pitched whine . dragon' Pov we hear it as the beast hear it : a unendurable blast of SOUND . the Dragon shake its head to disengage the grenade . but the metal be deeply embed in its ear , and its leg be too short to get to it . there 's no way to dislodge it in the air . so the beast do the only thing it can ; it descend . ext . by quinn' firemen - day watch in awe as the monster fall . creedy I call that a bloody miracle . danny ( nod at Van Zan ) I think he call it " step one '' ... ext . by van zan - day Van Zan yell into he headset . van zan jonah unit , fall in ! the aml mini - tank speed over the ground , they harpoon launcher lowering as they approach ext . the CENTER of plain - day the Dragon come down to earth , thrashing violently . it drag its head over the ground , scraping the sonic grenade from its ear . but it 's no sooner do that when ... van zan ( os ) FIRE ! the first mini-tank fire its harpoon ! the projectile knife through the air , connect to the tank by a wire on a winch . shhhk ! it pierce the Dragon under its right wing . the second mini-tank fire its harpoon , which strike into the Dragon on the opposite side , under the left wing . ( continued ) ww 59 . continued : the Dragon be now pinion on both side -- like Gulliver tie down by the lilliputian . it struggle , try to free itself . and that 's just when the abram tank roll into view . the Dragon blast it with fire . a flame " fuck you " . int . inside abram ramsey , the tank gunner , take aim . ramsey fuck you , too . ext . outside abram - day the abram blast a two foot shell right back at the monster . it strike the Dragon right by its belly . the monster twist in a spasm ... and two huge boulder come up from its mouth . ext . by quinn' firemen ~ day Danny goodwin look over at creedy . he hold up two finger : " step two " . van zan ( os ) missionaries , move in ! ext . plain - various - day there be movement , as if the ground have become alive . it 's Van Zan 's foot soldier , camouflage against the scorched earth . they run forward into battle , gun a-blaze ! creedy see this be the moment . he turn to the firemen . creedy over the top , lad !!! rifles in hand , creedy and he man leap from they position with a exuberant war cry ! like a scene from a WWII battle , englishmen join with Americans in a final , savage charge toward the dragon ( continued ) 60 . continued : now unable to use its wing or fire . it can only lash out with its cable- like tongue , try to retrieve the boulder that will allow it to reignite its flame . soldier ( to the fireman ) keep it away from the rock !! a hail of gunfire . the firemen let loose with everything they have get , keep the dragon away from the boulder . the Dragon 's tongue whip out , skewering a fireman right through the torso . its head strike forward like a snake , grabbing a footsoldier and tearing he to piece in its sword - length teeth . but another soldier unleash a barrage of explosive - tipped bullet at the dragon' face , severing its tongue . the creature be now utterly defenseless . it 's payback time . van zan ( os ) all unit ... stand by for communion . the footsoldier begin to pull back ; the firemen follow they . Van Zan walk over , bear the Pope on he back , backpack style . he walk with the measure step of a executioner . danny ( to creedy ) " step three " ? Van Zan stop a way from the Dragon . he glare at it like a general meeting a vanquish , unrepentant foe . the Dragon hiss and spit . it 's difficult to know who hate who more . van zan ( to the Pope ) bless he . in a weird janus moment , Van Zan turn he back on the Dragon , thus turn the Pope toward it . the Pope raise he rpg , rest it on he and Van Zan 's shoulder . the pope in the name of the father .. ( he take aim . ) and the son ... ( put finger on trigger ) and the holy ghost ... ( continued ) 61 . continued : the Dragon open its mouth to hiss in defiance . the pope buh-bye . the Pope fire ! the grenade rocket burst from the rpg ... ... into the creature 's mouth ... ... and the Dragon explode in blast of phosphorous ! on creedy who now understand the meaning of step number ... creedy four ! ! he grab the firemen nearest he , dive for cover as the battleground be flooded with burning debris . Chaos for a moment . then , slowly , the debris settles . creedy and the firemen look up . there 's barely enough dragon leave to bait a hook Van Zan light he cigar from a burn piece of debris , then strike a somber pose of victory over the incinerate corpse . a click -flash from a camera be hear - see . find a soldier take Van Zan 's picture with a old polaroid . soldier okay . now a profile ... Van Zan shift he pose . click -flash . as for the firemen , there 's only a stunne silence . finally Eddie stax break it . he begin to clap he hand . the other join in . the applause grow into rouse cheer . int . blackhawk cockpit quinn can not believe he eye . he laugh . int . radar vehicle then , as if out of nowhere , another blip appear on screen . 62 . int . blackhawk cockpit quinn look through the chin bubble ... and react . he grab the collective control stick by colleen 's leave , pull . it . colleen hey ...!! the blackhawk shoot up vertically , just in time to avoid ext . outside blackhawk - day a second dragon , lash at the copter 's rail with its tail . ext . plain ~ day the radar Operator be hear over Van Zan 's headset . radar operator ( os ) shepherd , we get another ! slipped right under the goddam radar ... Van Zan immediately move back into action . van zan all unit , back to one !! ext . sky - the blackhawk - day bank away , the second Dragon behind they . it 's one - and - a - half time the size of the last one ; sleeker , deadlier . colleen ( 0.s. , over radio ) be advise . this one 's a full adult soldier . very smart , very piss . blackhawk cockpit colleen call over the radio . colleen archangel , what 's you position ? sky - further down gideon and he " angel " be only a hundred foot above ground . gideon no good , coll ! we be too far down ! blackhawk cockpit colleen swear , then speak into the radio . ( continued ) 63 . continued : colleen releasing countermeasure ... she press a switch on she cyclic Control . outside blackhawk a cargo door on the bottom open up , release thirty sonic grenade , each with a SMALL parachute . they fly into the air like flower scattered to the wind . the second dragon pass through the parachute . the whine of the sonic grenade deflect its focus off the helicopter , the way a submarine 's countermeasure would deflect a torpedo but this ruse only work for a moment . after burn several of the decoy , its back on the trail of the blackhawk . van zan observe from the ground . worried . van zan it 's not go for it , colleen . blackhawk cockpit colleen 's brow be knit in concentration . van zan ( os , over radio ) continue evasive and get the hell out ... colleen it 's kinda late to turn the other cheek . quinn look out the window toward the dragon ... then toward the back of the helicopter toward a winch and cable . quinn how strong be that cable ? colleen look at he . ground - by wan zan look throagh binocular . van zan wha. the ...? the blackhawk be turn in the direction of the dragon . 64 . int . blackhawk quinn be tie the cable around he waist . colleen this be crazy ... quinn so 's everything else I have see . ( smile at she . ) by the by , if it do not work ... this be a grand first date . and with that , quinn slide out of the chopper on the cable . colleen date ? ext . blackhawk - day quinn dangle twenty foot down the cable . his weight on the cable cause it to remain vertical like plumb line . the blackhawk begin to accelerate toward the second dragon which keep come . it 's like a game of aerial chicken . ext . plain - by van zan - day scream into he headset . van zan what the hell be you people do ?! int . blackhawk colleen do not answer , just keep she focus on ext . the dragon - day which begin its fire-rattle . ext . by quinn - day hanging on as the behemoth move toward they . quinn ( into he headset ) remember , go for the joint ... 65 . ext . the dragon - day blast out a phosphorous arc ! int . blackhawk colleen throw the cyclic to the leave with all she might . ext . blackhawk - day the blackhawk turn sideways , so that it 's rotor be now 45 degree . it miss the phosphorous bolt ... quinn swing to the right ... and the cbele tear into the dragon' wing right at the joint int . blackhawe . colleen barely manage to hold onto the control as ext . by quinn - day quinn hold on for dear life while the cable cut through the dragon 's bone and into the membrane of the wing . quinn oh , this be a bloody bad idea ... quinn be pulled through the membrane of the wing ! ext . the second dragon cry out in rage ! it begin to plummet , its tear wing stream like a tatter banner . ext . on the ground - van zan see the second dragon fall . he nod , impressed . van zan that 's original . he run with the Pope for its landing site . int . blackeawk cockpit colleen stabilize the blackhawk . still fly , still alive . colleen quinn !! be you okay ? 6€. ext . by quinn hanging on , he entire body cover with dragon blood . quinn spiffy , love . I be ... light and electricity in the chopper suddenly die . ext . the second dragon hurtle helplessly downward begin its own form of defense . it execute a bizarre aerial manoeuver . it straighten its body out vertically like a arrow , then begin to spin , wrapping its head and body protectively its good wing . the result be a finely hone spear , plummete to earth . van zan know exactly what it 's do . van zan you little ... the second dragon strike into the earth head first ! the creature burrow into the ground like a worm , disappear in second . van zan oh yeah ? you wanna burrow on I ?! ( to headset ) set a sonic on that son-of~a- bitch ! int . radar vehicle the radar qerator turn to a second screen . radar operator switch to ultra-sound . the screen some on . it begin a subterranean scan . int . blackhewk cockpit colleen flip the circuit but it be no good . power 's go . colleen ( into headset ) ive lose power . we be gonna have to aiwworotate ! 67 . ext . blackhawk - day quinn look down . quinn ( into headset ) would that be anything like fall ? the copter move to a flat pitch , allow some lift to the rotor . stiil , it 's very much like fall . quinn right ... he start climb as the copter descend hellishly fast . ext . plain - day everybody 's dead quiet . Van Zan whisper to the Pope . van zan get ready . it could surface anywhere . the Pope nod , start to reload the rpg . Van Zan look up . he see the blackhawk descend from the heaven . van zan ( cont would ) ( to headset ) colleen , you be come down in the middle of my battlefield ! ext . blackhawk - by quinn - day struggle to climb back up before the copter crash - land . quinn ( to headset ) tell it to gravity ! int . radar vehicle the radar Operator watch the ultra-sound . a blip appear . radar operator shepherd , we get a fix ... ext . plain - day Van Zan be catch between listen to the headset and watch the blackhawk 's crash - landing . ( continued ) 68 . continued : radar operator ( 0s ) 39 degree West ... the ground suddenly explode behind he ! he and the Pope be throw forward in a spray of black earth . Van Zan hit the ground on he front face first stun he . close on - the pope on he back , attach to Van Zan 's back by he harness . his rpg be just a few foot away . he reach for it , but be restrain by the harness . just then hear a rattling right behind he . he turn to see the second dragon' head right above he the pope oh , cr ... smash ! the Dragon sink its razor sharp teeth into he torso . the Pope scream as the creature lift both he and Van Zan -- still attach to the boy by the harness -- into the air . Van Zan come to as the creature shake its head violently . the Dragon 's tooth have fortunately not penetrate he . he pull a buckle on the harness , release he . he be throw to the side ... tuck and roll as he hit the ground . ext . plain - by blackhawk crash ! the blackhawk slam into the earth nearby . its landing skit crumple with the impact . quinn be throw off , landing right next to the rpg . work on pure figtter 's instinct , he grab it , whirl around ... ... and find himself in a wild mexican standoff . he 's get the rpg aim at the dragon , who still have the Pope in its maw . the boy 's alive . blood trickle from he lip . Van Zan rise from the ground , see the situation . van zan shoot it ! quinn put he finger on the trigger ... and hesitates . ( continued ) ( 69 . continued : the dragon start back toward its burrow . van 2 a what be you wait for ? shoot !! quinn it 's get you man !! Van Zan 's eye flit from the Dragon to the Pope . the boy look at he , cough blood but still defiant . he nod at Van Zan . and we go into slow motion Van Zan suddenly make a run at the dragon . from he chest , he pull a grenade . quinn yell , try to stop he . Van Zan get near the beast , dive aside , toss the grenade to the pope who catch it in he free hand , rip the pin with he tooth . the pope bite I . the Pope slam grenade against himself in the dragon' mouth . we do not see the explosion that engulf both the Dragon and the boy ; only quinn 's horrify reaction . dissolve to : ext . plain - late afternoon banner high and triumphant , Van Zan 's militia and the firemen make they way from the kill field , the dragon carcass still smoulder behind they . int . alvis salamander quinn drive in tense silence . creedy sit shotgun . creedy there 's nothin ' you coulda do . ( no response . ) the lad be dead meat , you know that . ( no response ) for chrissake , quinn , it be merciful ... ( continued ) 70 . continued : quinn tryin ' to save he woulda be merciful . creedy be silent . quinn do not it bother you , what he do ? creedy honestly ? that worm bother I more . and he kill ‘em ... dissolve to : ext . castle courtyard - night goosh 's truck pump rock ' not roll tune into a courtyard fill with people . a party 's in progress . int . meeting hall Danny pull pint from old beer keg , serve they to the firemen and Van Zan 's militia . creedy grab some glass , carry they to Van Zan , who sit at the " table of honor " . gideon stand atop the council table , recite the day 's exploit like a medieval bard . Eddie accompany he on a bodahrun ( irish drum ) . gideon .+.. and you who see this today : remember it . tell it to you child . tell dem about de man who shook hand wid destiny . ( point at Van Zan . ) De St. George of Cincinnati . ( cheer from the crowd ) De beowulf of da bronx ! ( louder cheer . ) do van zan man !!! the crowd erupt with the hugest cheer yet . Van Zan smile broadly , not feign the faintest attempt at modesty . colleen take a seat next to quinn , who be unusually quiet . she nudge he . colleen you okay ? quinn half -smile , look back warily at Van Zan , cries of speech ! speech ! from the crowd . Van Zan rise modestly , put up he arm for quiet . the crowd hush . ( continued ) 71 . continued : van zan I have be to many place . liberate many town . but I want you to know , it be a special honor to be here tonight ... from one of he soldier , he take a fold cloth . van z2an ..- and it be a personal privilege to Claim you island ... as the 51st state of the United States of America ! he unfold the cloth : it 's a U.S. flag . the englishmen react to the joke with goodonature ... englishmen boo ! bollock ! yer arse ! the Americans strike up a chorus of ... van i2an' men '' my country ' tis of thee , sweet land of liberty , of thee I sing ... " not to be outdone , quinn and he man start a chorus of quinn / englishmen " God save we sovr 'gn Queen , God save we gracious Queen , God save we queen ... " both song have the same tune . van han' men " land of the pilgrim ' pride land where we father die ... " " prom e-e -every mountainside ... " and soon , whether the lyric match or not , all be sing the same song . all " let freedom ring ! " the moment be unexpectantly move for all present . as the song end , the group erupt in cheer and applause . eddie tell you what . creedy ' 1ll give you cumbria if you stay through winter . ( continued ) 72 . continued : creedy ( fookin ' a . we get three worm in workington need dustin' . danny that four in leed ... creedy two in canterbury ... van zan London . the mention of that name throw they all off a beat . creedy what ? van 2 a Main stop on the tour , lady . why you think we be here ? a uncomfortable silence have fall among the English . danny you ... do not wanna go to London , mate . ( creedy that 's Ashley 's town . van 2 a well , next week it will be mine . everyone be silent . you can hear a pin drop . van 2 a Jesus wept , . do not it bother you people ? the bitch that start this whole mess sleep 200 mile away . danny sure , but ... you gotta understand ... creedy Ashley 's different . van zan how ? creedy well , we can tell you what we have hear . ( continued ) 73 . continued : van 2 a " Heard " ? you tellin ' I none of you have even see this thing ? nobody answer . but slowly , they all turn to quinn . Van Zan move he chair over to he . van zan go ahead , Chief . enlighten we . what 's it like , this ... " Ashley " ? quinn smile grimly . ext . countryside - day the mosquito skim over the hilly landscape . int . mosquito cockpit quinn fly . Van Zan sit in the gunner 's seat , stare at a fade postcard see earlier on quinn 's wall : the photo of a castle with inscription : pembrey castle . quinn man who train I be Fire Chief here . pretty much how it look back then . van zan so ? quinn just gesture to the window . Van 2 a look out as the plane rise above a ridge . veteran though he be , even Van Zan be not prepare for the sight that now spill across the horizon ... the ruins of pembrey castle it 's not just be destroy ; it 's be erase . as if God have tear it apart stone by stone , then melt it to the ground . ext . castle ruins - day a dance floor of death . weapon lie melt on rock next to hiroshima silhouettes of people incinerate where they fight . charre clothes , crack utensil , melt toy lie strewn over the site like surreal decoration . quinn ( 0s ) fall a ' 16 they be strong , bold , proud . when they Fire Chief call for a raid on London , everyone cheer . ( continued ) 74 . continued : find quinn and Van Zan walk through the wreckage . quinn ( cont would ) he know the risk , a course . twelve castle would already go up against Ashley . Men go to London . never come back . but Ashley always do ... quinn kneel , pick at something on the ground . quinn she would follow they trail home . then burn every man , woman an’ child to the ground . we see what quinn have be pick at : children' crayon , meite over the ground . the color be almost pretty against the scorched background . quinn but my old Chief , he be gonna be different . he come to my castle , tell I how he 's gonna do the old girl . ask for my help . van 2 a you give it to he ? ext . another part of the ruins - day close on a large cross , crudely fashioned with old rusted metal pipe . it 's be set in the ground as a gravemarker . quinn ( os ) dug this , do not I ? reveal it be one in a vast field of gravemarkers . hundred of similar cross stretch to the horizon . wind blow through the pipe-crucifixes , make hollow , almost musical sound . like ghost , whisper to each other . quinn if I would have sense , I 'da beat the shite out of he ' fore he leave my gate ... van 2 fn so what 's you point ? quinn Ashley 's not just some " snake " , Van Zan . she 's a flyin' apocalypse . you can not go stirrin ' she up . Van Zan stare at he , he eye frighteningly glacial . ( continued ) 75 . continued : van zan you have no idea what I can do . he walk past quinn into the ext . grave field - day quinn catch up with he . quinn look , I be the only one alive who 's see the bitch ! trust I . she 's older , smarter a ' meaner than anything you ... van zan ( turn on he ) what she be be they weakness . quinn what ? van 2 a ( cont would ) all the intel say she 's kill every other dragon female . she 's the only egg - layer they species have leave . we take she out , no more baby . no more baby , no more dragon . no more war . quinn bollock . you have not even see she egg . van zan have you ? ( no response . ) no. Cause you do not have the gut to stand with you pal . beat . quinn come close to he , deadly calm . quinn you callin ' I coward , mate ? van zan you be not a coward . you be weak . tell I , Chief : how many man would you sacrifice to kill a dragon ? a hundred ? ( no response . ) fifty ? quinn I be not gonna ... ( continued ) 76 . continued : van 2 a one ? ( shake he head ) you do not stand and fight . you rescue and run . quinn and you would rather kill one a they than save one a yours . van zan yes I would ! they be the master fuckin ' race , fireman . they have wipe out every dominant species on this planet and we be next . the only way we be go to live be if we be bloody and ruthless as they ! quinn I would rather die before I become like they . van zan that 's why you will lose . beat . Van Zan turn , walk into the field . wind pick up , blow through the pipe-gravemarkers . hollow sound rise from they , like a hushed chorus of the dead . dissolve to : ext . castle - evening colleen ( 0.s. ) ...he will not listen to I , quinn . ext . castle courtyard - by blackhawk colleen make repair on the blackhawk . quinn help she . quinn well talk to you crew , then . tell ‘em it 's suicide ... colleen the gear do not turn that way . quinn well then how do they bloody turn ? colleen look at the rampart a long moment . she sigh . colleen ever hear of the samurai ? ( continued ) continued : 77 . quinn japanese scrapper . why ? colleen when a person become a samurai , he be consider dead . that 's what ... quinn +-- what give he the courage to fight . so ? colleen we have all lose and die , quinn . Pope snuffed it when he lose he leg . Van Zan when he lose he brother ... quinn yeah , and I lose I mum . you do not see I walkin ' round like a ghoulie . colleen well , maybe you need to lose more . quinn why ? what do you lose ? colleen enough . quinn enough you want to die ? colleen enough I can not have what I want . quinn do you want to stay with he ? she be silent . quinn I be just askin' . Cause if you do not ... there 's room here . beat . he come closer to she . she shake she head . colleen I have see hundred of this place , quinn . it 's no way to live ... quinn it be if you be building something . colleen look at he . they be quite close . ( continued ) 78 . continued : colleen it 's not that simple . quinn course it be . you just tell he goodbye . pack you gear ... colleen Change out of my flight suit ? quinn Change out of you flight suit , a ' ... she start to unzip she flightsuit . quinn well , I do not quite mean now ... quinn stop . she 's unzip the suit so that just the top of she chest be expose . it be a mass of scar tissue . colleen 's face have remain impassive . colleen snake flame my house when I be 8 . my nightdress catch fire . Van Zan manage to put it out before it get to my face . ( smile dryly . ) thank God for small favor , huh ? silence . colleen zip up the suit , turn to go . quinn colleen ? ( come over to she . ) you be alive enough for I . she do not believe that for a second . quinn turn she head to look at he . colleen I be not ... quinn you be . ( take she hand . ) you be alive . they finger begin to intertwine ... dissolve to : 79 , ext . castle - morning the sky be overcast , the first hint of a income storm . int . firehouse the firemen be assemble . quinn look at they in disbelief . quinn well ... either I be goin ' deaf , or you be goin ' mental . which be it ? uncomfortable beat as quinn stare into they face . creedy it 's only a couple day ... quinn ak " couple day " ? you just gonna pop down to London ? see the sight , kill the Ashley , come back for tea ? eddie we be askin ' for you help , quinn . not you permission . quinn can not believe he ear . danny it 's like he say , Chief . in London , there 's building standin' . there 's medicine a ' food ... quinn in London there 's Ashley , and that 's it ! Christ Jesus , people , do not you remember what it do to pembry ?! creedy we know it 's risky . but we get a chance now . with Van Zan 's help ... quinn he have not see the bloody thing . I have . eddie ome . a ' that 20 year ago . quinn shoot Eddie a wither look . eddie I mean ... you be a kid . everything seem ( bigrer then . you room , you house ... ( continued ) 80 . continued : quinn she 's bigger than my house , Eddie . eddie I be just sayin ' ... _ quinn she 's bigger than big - fuckin '- BEN ! quinn overturn a table fill with equipment ; it fall to the floor with a crash ! everyone stare at he , wide - eye . quinn we get a fire drill 3:00 on Ban 's field . anyone do not show up can consider himself off my brigade . permanently . quinn leave . dissolve to : ext . ban' field - later that day quinn sit on the ground by he horse . he stare down at he pocket watch . it read 3:00 . series of time lapse : quinn watch and wait . the watch now read 4:15 . none of he firemen have show up . he hear something , look up to see colleen , walk toward he over the blacken hill . she come near he . a uncomfortable silence . colleen Denton call a drill same time as yours . quinn glance around at the obvious lack of people . quinn why be not you with he ? she sit opposite he but do not meet he eye . colleen I need to ask you something . quinn well , I do not know . as you can see , I be a rather busy individual ... ( continued ) 81 . continued : colleen you ... you really think we can not win ? beat . quinn shake he head . quinn if he go up against Ashley , he will be kill every man , woman and child in my community . he 's say this with such even-handed conviction that it 's chill . colleen be silent , now nervous . colleen all right . I will talk to he ... quinn I be afraid it 's beyond that , love . he go over to he horse . colleen what be you do ? quinn ( mount he horse ) what I shoulda do before . colleen quinn , c'mon ... ( grab the horse rein ) you be smarter than this . it do not have to be about take side ! he give she a sad smile , then spur he horse forward ext . courtyard Van Zan 's soldier drill with quinn 's firemen . Van Zan himself sit atop he tank , shouting order into a megaphone . van zan ... back to one . right wing , leave wheel ... the firemen move to reposition themselves . suddenly , creedy stop . as do Eddie and Danny goodwin and soon all the rest . Van Zan turn to see they be stare at quinn , take a stand near the tank . he hold he pulaski in he hand like some sort of medieval weapon . silence . van zan I do not get time for you alpha-dog shit . ( continued ) 82 . continued : with a huge swing , quinn slam the pulaski head first into the ground . it 's like throw down a gauntlet . quinn make some . the confuse firemen look at they chief , then Van Zan . van zan you get a beef with I , come up and settle it like a adult . quinn why do not you come down and settle it like a man ? Van Zan just roll he eye . quinn or do you just do crippled kid ? at that , Van Zan 's face go terribly and utterly dark . in dead silence , he descend from the abram , walk to quinn . slow , imminent . a casual avalanche of rage . quinn hold he ground up to the moment Van Zan 's upon he . slam ! it 's not clear who throw the first blow , and it do not really matter . within moment , the two be let into each other with all the fury they can muster . creedy try to intervene , but gideon hold he back . gideon he pick it ... the fight quickly degenerate into a brutal mano e mano street brawl . neither English or Americans dare interfere . easily the better fighter , Van Zan slam quinn with a series of blow that send he to the ground . but quinn will not quit . he rise , charge the man , knock he back . Van Zan pull a reversal , hurl quinn into the tank . quinn slump painfully , but catch himself before fall . he shakily regains he foot , face off with Van Zan again . van zan be not we just " Mr. come - and - get - it " ? quinn charge and the two come together in a deathlock . a immovable object meeting a irresistible force , Van Zan ( continued ) 83 . continued : punch he repeatedly , try to dislodge he . but quinn will not let go , even as he inside be hammer into jello . colleen come run through the gate , see the brawl . colleen stop it !! denton , stop it !! her action open a floodgate . Men from both side intervene to separate they . dissolve to : int . quinn be room - that night quinn wake painfully in he cot . face bruise rib bandage . he look up to see creedy sit beside he . the cumbrian lean over , put a cup to quinn 's lip . quinn ( barely a whisper ) what 's this ? creedy Water . quinn push it away . they stare at each other . creedy 's face be a mix of emotion . creedy quinn abercromby , resident earth mother . save everyone , make everything okay . well , it 's not okay , quinn . look at you ! quinn just look at he . creedy do not look at I like tha ' . you think I want this ? quinn do not know ... what you want ... creedy what I want ? you wanna know what I fookin ' want ? ( beat ) I want a proper oven ! the admission 's comical except for the catch in he voice . creedy that 's right . and matchin ' steak knife . and green grocery . I wanna feed people ( more ) ( continued ) 84 . continued : creedy ( cont would ) till they be sick in the face . ( sit ) I want child . I wanna know they will outlive I . ( look at quinn , eye wet . ) I do not want to be afraid anymore . silence . quinn take creedy 's hand . quinn you want ... too much ... quinn close he eye , slip back into unconsciousness . creedy turn round , see Van Zan stand in the doorway . he 's pretty beat up , but still burn with belief . van zan do not mean you can not get it . off creedy 's conflict face we CUT to : ext . courtyard - next morning to a cheering crowd , a combine convoy of firemen and militia head out the gate . firetrucks have be outfit for war . the blackhawk take off from the center of courtyard . we see colleen in the pilot 's seat . a sheet be pull off a mowag missile carrier . revealed be a huge missile . across its side : 70 ashley , with love . ext . road outside castle - day the convoy drive over shattered asphalt toward its destiny . dissolve to : ext . road - near london - day melted 20th century vehicle line the road . a tear street sign , hang from a underpass like the sword of damocle . it read : london . 100 mile the convoy have stop . all stare in awe at something o.s. creedy ( a whisper , to gideon ) you ever see anythin’ like tha ' ? ( continued ) 85 . continued : gideon shake he head . for the first time he seem unsure . a_mountain of ash rise before they . a hundred foot , point up to the air like a accuse finger . : Danny goodwin nervously inspect it base . it 's fill with burnt human bone and skull . he look back at Van Zan , who ride atop the abram . danny it 's ... all human . all eye turn to Van Zan . the man remain impassive . he tap the top of the abram , signal it to move on . the tank and convoy lurch forward , not so enthusiastically . tilt up to reveal many such mountain rise in the distance . they look like giant pylon on a highway to Hell . int . quinn be room - late afternoon quinn 's just awoken . he painfully pull himself off the bed . Jared and Beth enter with trays of food . they stop short . beth Mr. quinn , you can not get up . you be break ! quinn where be everybody ? ext . coombe hill - 35 mile west of london - sunset the combine fireman / militia force be spread over the hill . Van Zan turn to goosh , sit in the sound truck . van zan start it up . goosh look down nervously at the sight mile below they . the CITY of london a blast skyline of a city cauterize by flame . a sight so unnerve it give everybody pause . goosh 's hand go to press the audio button , then stop . he 's not exactly wild about open this pandora 's box . Van Zan push he aside , press the button himself . ( continued ) 86 , continued : a CD come into play . from the speaker burst forth a aria from handel 's messiah . aria and he shall purify ... the voice swell skyward , toward a darken horizon . ext . courtyard - night quinn , hastily clothed , make he way to the mosquito . jare ... but you say it be wrong to go . quinn it be . but if he will not listen to sense , maybe he will talk strategy . he can not beat Ashley like he do the other . jare and you can ? quinn do not answer . he climb into the mosquito . ext . outside castle - night quinn pilot the mosquito from a bunker outside the castle wall . light blaze , the plane rise into the night . ext . coombe hill - night creedy sit nervously in position . he look over at Danny and the other firemen . everyone 's on edge . a rumble of thunder be hear from a far away bank of cloud . danny ( make the best of it ) maybe we will get rain out . the blackhawk zoom over they . int . blackhawk gideon and the other archangel sit fidget anxiously with they harness . colleen speak into the headset . colleen good shepherd , we be get low on fuel . suggest we call it a day . 87 . ext . coombe hill - by van zan - night Van Zan impatiently scan the sky with he binocular . van zan negative . colleen Denton , it 's be three hour . we be pissing in the wind ... ext . central london - night lightening flash put a host of skeletal structure into a spectral bas relief : the wreckage of the house of parliament ; the tear spire of westminster abbey . a final flash reveal the gothic gargantua of big BEN . but something 's odd about the fame clocktower . the shape be just slightly off-kilter . a moment later , we see why ... its surface start to move ! ext . coombe hill - night the blackhawk come to a landing . Van Zan move towards it angrily as colleen get out . van zan goddammit , I tell you to stay in the air ... suddenly , the music stop . Van Zan turn toward the SOUND van where a hand come away from the button . it 's quinn . quinn it 's too late for that . ext . central london - big BEN - night huge wing begin to unfurl from Big Ben 's side . a gigantic torso unwind from its center tower . ext . coombe hill - night quinn turn to the collection of firemen and soldier . ( continued ) 88 . continued : ; quinn listen to I ! we get to get off the open ground and pull back to the marsh ... van zan we be not pull back anywhere . quinn you bleed moron ! she know you be here hour ago . she be wait ... ext . central london - night a gigantic shadow fall over one of the many ash mountain . a artificial wind start to pick . the ash begin scatter . ext . coombe hill - night van zan ... I be not gonna stand here and debate lizard intelligence with ... radar operator ( 0.s. ) Sir ! int . radar vehicle the radar Operator stare at he screen . radar operator we ... get something ... ext . coombe hill - night before Van Zan can react ... quinn good Christ . we see what he 's look at . a maelstrom cloud of ash , sweeping over london , ext . central london - night row after row of the ash mountain be coming apart in the artificial wind . its like a tidal wave of gray , sweeping from the south of the city toward the north . specifically toward ext . coombe hill - various night the cloud engulf they like a demon 's hurricane . ( continued ) 89 . continued : the effect be at once blind and disorient . smoke choke the air . hot cinder light up the night . int . SOUND truck Burning cinder fly through the open window , fall on goosh . his long hair and beard catch FIRE . goosh panic , try to put it out . in the process , he hand accidently slam against the control board . a CD click on ... ext . outside SOUND truck - night ... and from the speaker burst the most famous movement of handel 's messiah : the " hallelujah chorus '' . choir voice over p.a. hallelujah ! ext . coombe hill - various - niget the chaos of the cinder cloud be now compound by the music . Van Zan yell into he headset , but he voice be drown . quinn turn to he man . quinn visor on ! the firemen grab for they helmet and protective visor . goosh fall from the sound truck scream bloody murder . his hair and beard be afire , like a bizarre halo . quinn run to he . he pull off he own jacket , start smother the flame . int . inside radar vehicle the radar Operator hear a beep from the radar screen a giant blip have appear right in the center of the screen . ext . coombe hill - various night the black ash / cinder cloud begin to disperse and part , as if to signal the entrance of some divine be . choir voice over p.a. for the Lord God omnipotent reigneth ! ( continued ) 90 . continued : colleen look up into the sky . her jaw drop . quinn stare up from goosh 's body . all the firemen and militia be freeze where they stand . even Van Zan be silence as he great adversary rise from behind the ridge of the hill . a leviathan 's head more terrifying than any biblical monster . a serpentine body longer than a freight train . and a 200 - foot wing span that blot out the very sky . the ashley no mere animal ; she be a force of nature . like a fall angel emanate arrogance and power , she rise to she full height and greatness before the pathetic human being . now , accompany by one of the most beautiful piece of music ever write , the creature begin a sinfonia of destruction . choir voice over p.a . the kingdom of this world ... van zan yell order into he headset . choir voice over p.a. -.. be become ... the firemer and militia scatter to take up position . choir voice over p.a . the kingdom of we Lord ! the ashley' face ear flatten like a cat in attack mode . she open she maw . 1 quinn cover goosh with he bedy as the blast strike the ground by the sound truck . the truck be blasted ten foot into the aixr ... the flip down right on top of they . creedy ( continued ) 91 . continued : manage to throw himself over a dirt embankment . but danny goodwin and most of the firemen be ' not so lucky . man and machine be incinerated as totally as if it be a atomic blast . the aml minitank FIRE they harpoon at the pass behemoth . choir voice over p.a. and he shall reign forever and ever ! the harpoon strike home under the wing of the ashley who do not even slow down . choir voice over p.a. and he shall reign forever and ever ! the Ashley drag the vehicle off the edge of the hill . int . blackhawk colleen take off with Eddie , Andy , gideon and the " angel " readying themselves in they harness . choir voice over p.a. King of king ! ext . blackhawk - night the helicopter rise into the sky . gracefully , almost casually , the Ashley 's wing lightly touch the whirring rotor blade . choir voice over p.a. and Lord of lord ! thwang ! the rotor come apart ! int . blackhawk colleen and she crew tumble within as ext . blackhawk - night the rotorless copter tumble out of the sky and crash . ( continued ) 92 . continued : choir voice over p.a . and he shall reign forever and ever ... van zan wounded , climb atop the hill just in time to see the ashley let loose a blast of flame on the abram tank . int . abram tank ramsey try to open the escape hatch . he scream as he hand burn on the searing hot metal the flame be so hot , the tank literally melt the metal around he . ext . coombe hill - van zan the man see only one chance to stop the massacre : the mowag missile carrier , park yard away , still unharme . Van Zan make a run for it . the ashley see the scurrying bug . choir voice over p.a. forever and ever ! forever and ever ! Van Zan reach the mowag . choir voice over p.a. hallelujah ! the Ashley rear up to full height . choir voice over p.a. fallelujah ! Van Zan turm the missile launcher in the dragon* direction . choir voice over p.a. hallelujah ! the two face off as the chorus swell in its final strain choir voice over p.a. fa-lle ... ( continued ) 93 . continuel : the Ashley make the fire-rattle loud in its throat . choir voice over p.a. +.lu .. Van Zan yell a war cry as he press the launch trigger . choir voice over p.a. .-. jah ! the ashley' mouth open to flame just as the missile fire from the mowag launcher ... dissolve to : int . SOUND truck - night - a little later quinn open he eye . the truck flip over on he on the OPEN door , so he find himself wedge in the cab space . he look down at goosh . only the upper part of the man 's body make to the open space . the other half be crush . ext . coombe hill - by the SOUND van - night quinn painfully extricate himself out of the truck . the place be a disaster area . fire and smoulder wreckage everywhere . smoke drift . no sign of life . he hear a groaning from nearby . he run over to see creedy , lie wounded in a ditch . quinn help he to he foot . creedy fh , I be gonna marry you . quinn we will talk about it . colleen ( os ) qxcinn ! colleen emerze from nearby , support gideon , who 's limping badly . quinmm go to the woman , embrace she . quinn where 's you crew ? colleen solemly nod back at the wreckage of the blackhawk ( continued ) 94 . continued : on its side . the twisted body of Eddie , Andy and the other angel be splay with it . then , through the smoky night , a SOUND . a sharp , hack noise , like a cleaver be wield through meat . quinn and the other walk towards its origin ext . coombe hill - edge of hill - night they stop , stunne , as the smoke before clear to reveal the ashley' corpse lie along the length of the hill , its smoking skin stretch to the valley below . part of its skull be smashed ; its leave eye a shattered , glutinous mess . and atop the great dragon 's head stand van zan cover in oil - black blood , hack away at one of she horn with a machete-size piece of metal . quinn stare at he . he 's like a vision from prehistory : a blood - soak savage , viciously cut a trophy from he vanquish enemy . Van Zan notice they stare , stare ferociously back . with a sicken tear sound , he rip the horn free from Ashley 's skull . ext . coombe hill - by salamander - a little later ~ night Van Zan finish secure the Ashley 's severe horn to the top of the vehicle . he look down at the back of the salamander where quinn and the other finish load char body of English and Americans . the back be nearly fill to the top with the corpse of they friend . despite they victory , nobody 's cheer . just numb . quinn ( quietly ) we will come back for the other tomorrow . creedy what about she ? ( continued ) ( will 95 . continued : he nod at Ashley 's corpse , ghostlike through the smoke . van zan we will bring chainsaw . quinn ignore the comment , just stare at the body . colleen I be sorry , quinn . quinn nod at the corpse . quinn I hope they be not . he shut the door . ext . coombe hill - night colleen and gideon take off in the mosquito , park nearby . quinn and creedy drive off in the salamander . Van Zan stand atop its crow 's nest like a conquer general come home . int . mosquito the sky 's pitch black . the only light come from the die fire which dot the battle field below . gideon sit in the tailgunner 's seat , hold the polaroid camera see earlier . gideon do one pass for I , wouldja ? colleen why ? gideon we be not gonna be able to chronicle dis one wid word . ext . sky over coombe hill - night the mosquito swoops over the area . click -flash . the cockpit light up with the flash of gideon 's camera as he take picture of the battlefield . click -flash . click-flash ... almost in answer , lightening flash back . int . mosquito gideon 's lap be cover with polaroid . he stare down for one final shot ... and freeze . gideon be Pov - the battlefield ( continued ) 96 . continued : the area where the Ashley have lain be empty . the great dragon 's body have disappeared . gideon sweet Jesus ... : flash ! lighten light up the sky , like God take he photo . just for a second , it illuminate the ashley' tail 500 yard in front of they , swoop up into the cloud . int . salamander colleen 's voice crackle over the radio . colleen ( 0.s. ) quinn ! we get a problem ... int . mosquito gideon ( utterly pale ) I think she want she horn back . ext . sky near mosquito the Ashley arc over the mosquito , fall into a flight path right behind they . int / ext . salamander creedy look out the window in despair . creedy plum duff , man ! fookin ' plum duff ! both Van Zan and quinn be strike speechless . int . mosquito gideon man the tailgun , begin to FIRE . ext . sky over london - night the mosquito fly toward the city , the great dragon in hot pursuit . int . mosquito cockpit gideon she 's gain ! ( continued ) 97 . continued : colleen pull up on the control . ext . the mosquito - night bank up into a layer of low lie cloud . the Ashley loose a phosphorous bolt ! int . mosquito the mosquito jolt ! colleen look out the window . the entire left wing be on FIRE ! the plane start to descend at a alarming rate . gideon get you chute on ! gideon open the canopy . colleen gideon , wait ...! too late . he release he belt . ext . outside mosquito - night shoom ! gideon be catapult into the cloudy air . he pull he chute cord ... the chute blossom open ... int . mosquito - night colleen struggle to maintain control of the burn plane . ext . sky - by gideon - night gideon look around . caught at night in the cloudbank , he be float completely blind ... and utterly defenseless . for a long moment , just the rush of the wind . and then , something else ... a whoosh of what might be wing . he open he eye . he still can not see anything . whoosh . be that a shape through the cloud ? gideon nervously pull he last weapon ... a .45 revolver . ( continued ) 98 . continued : a faint FIRE rattle be hear . impossible to tell from where . gideon come on . come on come on come on ... the fire-rattle get louder . what could be a shape pass nearby . gideon fire ! the rattle stop . gideon float down through the cloudbreak into the clear air . he can see again . for a moment , he seem relieved . but then , he look down ... .».. and see the ashley' mouth coming right up at he ! gideon scream ! and a phosphorous blast turn he chute into a bloom of FIRE ! ext . mosquito - night the plane be head in a death dive toward the city . int . mosquito with all she strength , colleen pull up . ext . thame river - night the plane manage to level just as it hit the now waterless Thames River ... ... and smashes into a ash mountain . int . salamander creedy see Ashley 's shadow arcing in they direction . creedy she 's comin ' this way ! quinn swear . through the windshield , he spy one of the ash mountair rear up not too far away . he make a split decision , yell out to Van Zan . quinn hold on ! ( continued ) 99 . continued : creedy what be you ...?! quinn floor it . van zan see that quinn be heading right for the mountain ! he duck down , brace himself in the crow 's nest as smash ! the salamander plow headlong into the ash mountain ! ext . coombe hill - further off - night the Ashley 's vast shadow pass over the land , search . int . inside ash mountain - salamander the salamander have burrow deep within the ash . Van Zan clutches the top of the crow 's nest , face down , barely able to breath . int . salamander ash pour in through open window . creedy start to cough . quinn put he hand over the man 's mouth , silencing he . ext . near ash mountain - night the Ashley 's gigantic shadow pass over the mountain . ashley' Pov search for the salamander with she one good eye . her burn nostril flare , try to pick up the scent . int . salamander quinn and the other hold they breath as they hear the dragon pass overhead . ext , near ash mountain - night in a wash of wind , the Ashley disappear into the air . int . salamander Long silence . quinn release creedy 's mouth . van zan what kinda crazy move be that ?! ( continued ) 100 . continued : quinn I figure the ash might hide we scent . creedy figure that , do ya ?! creedy look at he . realization cross both they face . quinn we scent ... ext . near ash mountain - night the salamander burst out of the mountain . ext . road back to warwickshire - night - various quinn drive the salamander top speed over the blast road . lightening and thunder burst in the distance . ext . road near castle - night - later quinn pull the salamander to a sharp stop . we see he face through windshield . a etching of despair . quinn no . Van Zan 's expression be pure shock . creedy can not even look quinn no ... quinn open the door , run out into the rain toward the_burning ruins of he castle quinn 's mouth open in silence as tear begin to run down he face , mixing with the rain . when he find he voice , it be a scream of anguish . ext . ruins of the castle - various - night quinn , creedy and Van Zan comb the wreckage , look for survivor . but there seem little chance . it have the look of a wholeheartedly malicious massacre . van zan over here ! ( continued ) 101 . continued : Van Zan pull pile of rock from a metal trap door . he yank it open , revealing int . a cellar in the darkness , he can make out the terrify face of a number of child . he reach down to they . van zan come on ! Beth move to he ... then recognize he face and stop . van zan it 's okay . I be not gonna hurt you . Beth move away . none of the child will get near he . quinn Beth ! beth Mr. quinn ! quinn jump in the cellar . Beth and the kid crowd around he quinn oh , God ... you be alive ... beth Jared hide we . quinn where be he ? the child be all silent . quinn hold the kid closer . they tension give way to tear . beth we could hear he scream Mr. quinn ... kid # 2 the Ashley would not stop ... Van Zan watch as the kid cling to quinn like a life preserver . the enormity of the suffer he have cause hit he like a wreck ball ... dissolve to : ext . central london - night wind whip through the ghost town . 102 . ext . london - ash mountain - night the mosquito 's half bury in the mountain . colleen , cover in ash , pull herself out and look around . she 's in the bottom of the thame river the river 's hone dry . all water have be burned away . silt and sand have be fuse into glass which glitter dully , a post -apocalyptic version of the yellow Brick Road . suddenly , a piercing cry split the night . the ashley speed through the dark sky toward the city center . colleen quickly take cover within the ash . the great dragon fly right over she , head towards ext . construction site - night the one see at the beginning . the tatter plastic banner still flap : jubilee line extension project : taking london into a new millennium . in a move of supernal grace , Ashley 's body arc up in the air , then dive like a arrow into the construction hole . fast as cobra , so perfect she never even touch the side . back to colleen siowly , she emerge from she hide place . ext . bank of thame - victoria tower garden - night under the shadow of the house of parliament , the ash cover colleen climb up into what be once a park . ext . westminster tube station ~- night colleen pass by the subway station . she halt , see something . she walk into int . westminster tube station colleen stare down the long escalator into the station . the whole area be filled with EIGHT foot sphere . Orange , translucent , like gigantic salmon egg . ( continued ) 103 . continued : colleen approach one , touch its surface . oddly rubbery . she pull a knife from she belt , slice into the surface . viscous orange liquid ooze out , revealing what lie within . a gargoyle -like fetus man-size , horribly wrinkle . a embryonic dragon . clearly premature , not fully form . stunted wing , mouth pathetically open and close like a drown fish . colleen sheathes she knife . flip ! the embryonic Dragon be suddenly on its feet . though only a partially form preemie , it 's lethal from birth . the thing coil back , hiss in attack mode . colleen draw she side - arm , fire , hitting the dragon dead on . it do not even phase the little bastard . the creature spread its stunt wing , ready to spring . colleen fire a final time . the bullet miss the dragon ... ... and spark nearby , right on the orange fluid . whoosh ! the embryonic Dragon and the area around it explode in a blast of flame . colleen stand , freeze . what the hell be this ? a idea form . she turn to another egg nearby . from she pocket , she pull out a old z2ippo lighter . she flick on the flame , toss it at the orange sphere . boom ! the flame ignite the sphere , blast it like a bomb . CUT to : ext . castle ruins - by a wrecked storeroom quinn dig out paltry food supplies from the rubble , hand they up to creedy . quinn that 's the lot . creedy Christ , that will not last we a week ... ( continued ) 104 . continued : van zan ( 0.s. ) quinn ! Van Zan emerge from the cellar . van z2an Radio 's breathe . creedy Grand . we will order out for chinese . van zan ( cont would ) ( nod back at the cellar ) trust I . you be gonna wanna hear this . int . remains of a hardware shop - london colleen hunch in a corner , talk into a shortwave . colleen they gestate in some kind of phosphorous . int . castle cellar Van Zan , quinn and creedy gather by they shortwave . quinn how many egg ? colleen thousands . maybe more . if the one I see be the norm , they be nearly ready to batch . Van Zan loot up at quinn . van zan ie will make twenty year ago look like a meyfly spawn . quinn tkat 's it then . we have to go back . creedy yro daft ? Ashley 's there . quinn yeah , and she 's heavily wounded . it may be we one chance . creedy whet happen to '' outlastin ' she " ?! ( continued ) 105 . continued : quinn what about it ? creedy I think it 's a pretty good idea ! quinn it 's a shite idea ! no one 's gonna make it through another spawn . creedy I will take I chance . I be do with this '' save the world '' crap ... van zan what about save they ? he nod at the child huddle in the back of the room . quinn ( bitterly ) join unicef , have you ? van zan let 's just say I be willing to listen . creedy what be we gonna do ? go back there , gun blaze ? lemme do a little impression : bang ! boom ! shit ! she' alive !! silence . quinn look at a candle burn near the radio . quinn we make a fire . ( turn to the other . ) a fire so hot she can not survive . creedy we do not have that kind of explosive . Van Zan raise a eyebrow , catch on . van zan no . but she do . quinn stare at the candle , a new light in he eye . CUT to : wo 106 . ext . port - night Van Zan finish load equipment into a derelict fishing boat . quinn turn to creedy by the salamander , now fill with the survive child . ° quinn do not stop till you get ‘em to Edinburgh . I will contact you there if we make it . beat . creedy look at he , know it 's most likely the last time they will see each other . quinn turn , get on the boat . creedy do not you fall off . quinn grimly smile back . quinn do not you slow down . he cast off the line . ext . coast - night the salamander drive off as the boat move out the sea . dissolve to : ext . fishing boat - off english coastline - night the small boat navigate through the rough water . int . boat cabin Van Zan work set detonate device from a series of they remain explosive . quinn pilot the boat . Van Zan pull out a flask from he pocket , take swig . he offer it to quinn . quinn do not even look at he . van zan we be not gonna get far in this if we do not talk . quinn be silent . van zan quinn , look ... quinn if you say you be sorry , I will throw you off the boat now . ( continued ) continued : beat . Van 107 . van zan I be gonna say , " I know how you feel " . quinn do not flatter yourself . we get nothin ' in common , you and I . van zan pretty sure about that , be ya ? quinn pretty fuckin ' sure . Zan pull out a cigarette , light it . van zan ever make it to Chicago , quinn ? quinn stare at he , not follow the connection . quinn be h van zan shitty winter . good pizza . ( beat . ) night the snake hit we , city go up like a Roman candle . burn my folk in the first strike . only way clear be the lake . it be dunkirk , man . every asshole with a boat be out there . include I . ( beat . ) my kid brother and I , we be halfway across when the snake flame we . I remember thinkin ' , " get to get he into the water . Water 's cold . " and it be ... until they start torchin ' it . figure it reach 150 degree in minute . people be screamin ' . boilin ' . guess it be the snake idea of a lobster bake . eld , despite himself . quinn what the hell do you do ? van zan dove . held my brother in my arm and kick for depth . think if we could stay under till the fire pass we ... ( beat . ) I be 15 . pretty good free diver . Kyle -- he be 9 . no lung capacity . he give I this scar when he start to struggle . ( continued ) 108 . continued : quinn you ... keep he down ? van zan he would have boil alive up there . all I could do be ... hold he . kept tell myself : ' this be not a person I be kill . it 's a fish . it 's a animal . it 's not ... ' his voice catch . silence . he smile grimly at quinn . : van zan ( cont would ) so you see , Mr. buddy , we do have one thing in common . ( crushes out the cigarette . ) neither of we want to be I . quinn look at he . Van Zan offer he the flask once again . after a long moment , quinn take it . dissolve to : ext . thame estuary - night ~ various the boat make its way up the lower Thames ... past the ash mountain ... into the dark heart of London ... ... and finally dock at the thame river barrier ~ a damlike structure that separate the lower and upper Thames . the river westward be dry glass . Ashley 's domain . ext . construction site - top of hole - night the construction hole look like a abyss . the only way down be the twisted elevator running track see at the beginning . quinn go over the subway map with colleen and Van Zan as each of they finish cover themselves in ash . quinn set charge here and here . that should seal off Ashley 's escape . colleen if she 's there . quinn it 's she home base . she will be there . ( look down at the map ) the blast should start a chain reaction with she egg . this work , it will turn the whole tube system into one big oven . ( continued ) 109 . continued : van zan along with the rest of the city . quinn colleen 's fix the plane ... ; colleen with gum and string , quinn . I would not count on it for a escape . van zan and I would not count on you little ash camouflage workin ' too long . quinn take out the trigger device , hand it to Van Zan . quinn Fifteen minute , you set it off . van zan why I ? quinn we may need to blow the tunnel with one of we in them . I know you will not hesitate . before Van Zan can respond , quinn swing himself onto the run rail and descend into the abyss . int . side of construction hole the three climb down the rusty metal , mindful of the explosive - fill pack on they back . frame by the vast wall , they look like ant descend into a tarantula 's de . int . bottom of construction hole quinn drop with a crunch ... and find himself stare at the charree remains of the elevator in which he mother die . quinn stare uneasily at the sight , then look beyond . the tunnel before he be fill with ashley' egg . it stretch like a obscene birth canal . int . tube tunnel - various quinn , Van Zan and colleen head into the egg-infested tube . they split up silently . colleen move west ... quinn head south ... Van Zan head east. 110 . int . tube tunnel ( van zan ) Van Zan move down a fully operational section of tube . he pass by a subway train . literally squashed flat against the side of the tunnel . van zan Public transportation . int . tube tunnel ( colleen ) colleen follow she tunnel into the open platform of int . victoria station - platform ( colleen ) she climb onto the platform , past a sign : mind the gap . int . uncompleted section tube tunnel ( quinn ) quinn work he way into the tunnel see under construction at the beginning . loamy earth ribbed with rusted iron . int . victoria station - escalator plaza ( colleen ) colleen remove the pack from she back , begin to set charge at the base of a escalator . int . tube tunnel ( van zan ) Van Zan mold he charge by the flatten subway train . int . uncompleted tube tunnel # 3 ( quinn ) quinn move by a " T " intersection . the old tunnel boring machine ( tbm ) be park on the tunnel go off to he right . quinn keep move straight ahead . it 's there he see the entrance to the cave from which the Ashley originally emerge . quinn be freeze . listen . he can not hear anything indicate the great Dragon be at home . he decide to chance it . barely make a noise , he move into int . cavern no sign of Ashley . however , the chamber be fill with thousand of egg . cling to the wall , ceiling , etc . ( continued ) 111 . continued : quinn swallow he fear , begin to set he charge there . int . victoria station - escalator plaza ( colleen ) colleen finish place the charge . it 's then she hear it : a distant rumbling sound , like a subway train approach . int . tube tunnel ( van zan ) Van Zan hear it , too . echoing through the cavernous tunnel . no way to tell which direction it 's come from . int . cavern ( quinn ) quinn 's sweat profusely , try to ignore the sound and vibration that resound in this open chamber . hand shaking , he place the last of he charge near the egg . int . victoria station - escalator plaza wind pick up through the plaza , as if a train be come . colleen press she back against as the sound become deafening . suddenly , Van Zan 's voice echoe in she headset . van zan ( 0.s. ) which way 's it head ? East or West ? slowly , tremble , she peek round the corner at int . victoria station - platform ( colleen ) the mind the gap sign swing violently as the ashley speed past , fill the length of the tunnel . she 's so long that only she scaly midsection be visible as she rocket through like a biological subway train . colleen dart back against the wall . int . tube tunnel ( van zan ) colleen 's voice echoe in he headset . colleen ( 0.5 . ) she 's head right toward you ! ( continued ) 112 . continued : Van Zan fix the last of the charge , take out the trigger . int . cavern ( quinn ) quinn try to fix he last . charge . int . tube tunnel ( van zan ) Van Zan take a stand , ready to meet the creature head on . he raise the trigger , thumb on the button ... wind wash down the tunnel ... the rumbling become deafening ... and then ... silence . sudden , utter , absolute . Van Zan stare suspiciously at the darkness before he . van 2 a ( into headset ) colleen ... int . victoria station - platform ( colleen ) the mind the gap sign stop swinging . colleen stare down the platform . colleen ( into headset ) she 's go . I be okay . int . tube tunnel ( van zan ) van 2 a ( into headset ) quinn . what 's you status ? quinn 's voice be unusually tense . quinn ( 0.s. ) y'know , it 's funny ... int . cavern ( quinn ) quinn stand stock still at the right end of the cavern . quinn ...- but I have be better . a shadow slowly fall over he as the ashley rise before he ( continued ) 113 . continuec : she 's enter the cave and move to the leave , wing spread to each side , shield the egg around she . the scar of she massive injury leak pus ; she hiss with the venom of a wounded animal cornere its hunter . and yet , she do not attack . it 's then quinn notice : the beast 's one remain eye be fix on the explosive in he hand . Ashley start to move forward . quinn raise the explosive up . Ashley stop , as if in reaction . int . tube tunnel ( van zan ) quinn 's whisper voice over Van Zan 's headset quinn ( 0.s. ) get out and blow the charge . now ! Van Zan stare at the trigger . he look up uncertainly , then begin to move down the tunnel . int . tube tunnel ( colleen ) colleen begin to run east down she tunnel . int . cavern ( quinn ) quinn 's engage in a stare contest with the serpent . Ashley make she fire rattle . quinn bou gonna use that fire around the kid ? Ashley snaris . the rattle fade in she throat . van z2an ( 0.s. ) ( over headset ) qxinn , listen to I ... int . uncompieted tube tunnel - ( van zan ) Van Zan have reach the " T " intersection . he be stare at something tohis right o.-s. van zan I sanna try something . 114 . int . cavern ( quinn ) van zan ( 0.s. ) walk back toward the tunnel . quinn glance at the open to the cavern . int . uncompleted tube tunnel ( van zan ) Van Zan move down the intersect tunnel ] to he right . quinn ( 0.s. ) ( over headset ) Van Zan , I tell you ... van zan do it ! int . cavern ( quinn ) quinn slowly edge toward the open , keep the explosive raise , keep he eye lock with Ashley . Ashley watch with she work right eye , look for a chance to strike without activate quinn 's explosive . int . intersecting tube tunnel ( van zan ) close on Van Zan 's foot as he step on a piece of machinery . int . hole between cavern and tunnel ( quinn ) quinn walk backwards into the tunnel as Ashley slide forward , keep pace . int . intersecting tube tunnel ( van z2an ) Van Zan 's hand brushes dust from a control panel . int . uncompleted tube tunnel ( quinn ) quinn come to the intersection of the t-junction . Ashley 's tongue snake out of she mouth toward he , just wait to get a taste . quinn any time you be ready . really . quinn pass the t-junction of the intersection . van zan be Pov ~ through a dusty window ( continued ) 115 . continued : Ashley come into view . she can not see what lie in the tunnel to the leave of she because of she blind eye . van zan ( os ) that will do . Van Zan 's hand come down on a gearshift . and the tunnel be fill with the roar of the tunnel boring machine barrel down the tunnel right at Ashley 's blind side . Van Zan in the driver 's seat , like a knight on he mount . Ashley realize the trap . she try to pull back ... Van Zan floor it .... the tbm drill into ashley' neck , pinning her to the wall . int . tube tunnel ( colleen ) running to the eastern tunnel , colleen hear Ashley 's scream , amplify a hundred - fold . she round a corner to see ashley struggle against the tbm . her tongue lash out , knock quinn backward . van zan keep he foot on the tbm 's accelerator , keep she pin . colleen run to quinn , help he to he foot . van zan I have get she here ! get out !! colleen no! quinn Van Zan ! van zan this be my deal , goddammit ! quinn and colleen look at he . it 's as if Van Zan be pour all he fury into this final attack . ( continued ) 116 . continued : van zan go !!! there 's no time to argue . quinn and colleen take off . int . tube tunnel ( quinn and colleen ) , the two race for the construction hole . Ashley 's amplify shriek mix with the metallic grind of the tbm . it sound like a mythical battle between two subterranean giant . '' int . uncompleted tube tunnel ( van zan ) the dragon thrashes . the tbm start to become dislodged . Van Zan keep up the pressure on the accelerator . but smoke be beginning to pour from the tbm 's engine . int . bottom of construction hole quinn and colleen make it to the bottom of the hole . they start to climb like hell . int . uncompleted tube tunnel ( van zan ) Van Zan put all he effort into the tbm 's forward motion . Machine smoke fill the air . it 's fight the inevitable . with a horrible grind , the tbm 's motor lock ... ... and Ashley toss she head to the side . the tbm be knock backward , slamm against the wall with such force that the cab compartment be crushed . int . side of construction hole the crash echoe up to the ear of quinn and colleen , in the middle of they ascent . quinn come on !! they double time it toward the surface . 117 . int . tube tunnel - by tbm Van Zan lie crush in the wreckage of the cak . he look up to see Ashley 's face right over he . Ashley 's eye fall upon Van Zan 's hand . it have reach the trigger mechanism . Van Zan smile a bloody smile . van zan kiss my human ass ... Ashley rear back . Van Zan press the button . int . tube tunnel - various the explosive detonate all along the tunnel ... cause a chain reaction of even great explosion from the egg . ext . construction site - top of hole - night quinn and colleen have just make it to the surface when the earth underneath shake from the underground explosion . int . cavern the egg-filled chamber ignite . a gigantic blast slam through into int . tube tunnel ( ashley ) the concussion be so great it blast the dragon down the tunnel like a missile through a silo . ext . construction site - top of hole - night huge rent in the ground break OPEN , follow by geyser of flame . it 's as if hell have come to trade place with earth . colleen 's thrown back by one explosion , fall onto twisted metal . one shard pierce through she leg . she cry out . quinn colleen ! quinn get to she , pick she up in a fireman 's carry . 118 . ext . london STREET - night quinn race with colleen down the street . its like run through a war zone . Earth shaking ... egg explode in fireballs ... ° ext . near thame - night near the bank , quinn see they chance at escape . the mosquito park in the dry river . quinn begin to make for it when suddenly behind they ley 1d 5 her whcle body be aflame . a fiery angel , she blast into the ext . sky over london - night climb hundred of foot in second ... higher ... higher ... and then begin to drop , like a flame comet down to earth . ext . near thame quinn and colleen look up . colleen smart bitch ... ext . sky over london close on ashley diving down . she be use the velocity of hex descent to put the FIRE on her body out . at fifty foot , the fire 's extinguish . she arc up ... ... and sail over quinn and colleen . the force of she pass be like a jet ; it knock both the human down on the ground . Ashley do not even bother with they now , but head straight into the inferno of london . ext . london STREET - night Ashley beat she wing furiously , drive the fire away from a area where some of she egg lie undamage . ( continued ) 119 . continued : she gather she egg to she belly . a flap of skin fold out , revealing a marsupial - like pouch . into this she pull she progeny . on quinn and colleen look on in horror . colleen Jesus Christ , she 's save she kid ! quinn make a snap decision . he immediately head for ext . bank of thame - night with colleen over he shoulder , quinn quickly climb down the bank into the glassy surface . ext . london STREET - by ashley her stomach now bloated to capacity with egg , Ashley open she mouth , catch a dozen or so more under she tongue . ext . thame river - night quinn gently lay colleen down by the glassy bottom . quinn wind blow north . Fire will not touch you here . quinn turn toward the mosquito . colleen where be you go ?! quinn do not answer , just book toward the plane . ext . london STREET - by ashley now load to capacity with she egg , Ashley begin to take to the air . she 's like a overload b- 52 . ext . thame river - night / dawn quinn taxi the mosquito down the glassy bed , into the air ... ext . sky over london - night / dawn Dawn start to break over the burn city , frame Ashley , sailing the wind eastward ... ( continued ) 220 . continued : and quinn 's mosquito , right on she tail . int . mosquito quinn 's push the damage plane to its limit to catch up . it start to shake , barely hold together by gum and string . ext . over thame - dawn Ashley swoops over the Thames River barrier to the wet part of the river . int . mosquito quinn come on , love ... he line up the sight on he forward gun . quinn show I you belly . he fire . ext . over thame - dawn Machine gun fire rake over Ashley 's back . barely a annoyance , but she seem to know what quinn be try to do . in reaction , she pitch down toward the river . int . mosquito quinn dammit ! ext . over thame - dawn Ashley 's skimming the surface of the river . barely 10 foot above it , the tip of she great wing touch the water on every downbeat , force a wake to form . the mosquito follow behind , skim the surface as well . int . mosquito quinn maneuver for a way to get to she egg-filled gut . ext . over thame - dawn the mosquito swerve leave , try to get under Ashley 's wing . ( continued ) 121 . continued : flick ! the dragon 's tail snap out , nearly strike the mosquito 's wing . quinn swerve just in time . flick ! flick ! the dragon 's tail be like a giant fly swatter , try to bat the plane out of the sky . but each slash of the tail leave she underside expose . int . mosquito and quinn take advantage , fire he gun . ext . over thame - dawn close on Ashley 's belly . the bullet tear awfully close to the eggsack . Ashley counter with a move of she own . she open she mouth , begin to release some of the egg there . the egg fall right in the path of the mosquito which be still fire . its tracer bullet rip into the egg . boom ! the egg explode near the plane like depth charge . int . mosquito jolt rock the plane . quinn 's barely able to stabilize she . he know the aircraft can not take much more of this . ext . thame estuary - dawn Ashley speed down the estuary , head toward the open sea . int . mosquito quinn see accelerate the plane in a final burst of speed . ext . coastline - dawn still skim the water , Ashley pass over the coast and make the freedom of the open ocean . however as she 's fly from land to sea the mosquito accelerate , flying right over her back . int . mcsquito quinn look down . it 's like pass over a island of reptile skin , she wingspan nearly the size of a football field . 122. ext . over sea - dawn the mosquito fly over Ashley 's head to take a position right in front of her . int . mosquito quinn come on ! show I what you got ! ext . over sea - dawn Ashley see the challenger in front of she . she decide to end this once and for all . she open she mouth , release the last of the egg keep there . then , take in a huge breath ... and blam ! lets loose her largest blast of phosphorous ever . the mosquito dodge . but the blast tear into the ocean fer a quarter of a mile , send up a wall of superheated steam . the mosquito turn into the steam wall for cover . Ashley follow , fire another blast . int . mosquito blam ! blam ! blam ! the sound of multiple phosphorous strike hit the water be like thunder . quinn smile . he begin to puil up . ext . over sea - day by strike the water so many time , Ashley have create a fogbank . it 's impossible to see within . ext . fogbank over sea - day Ashley swoops blindly , skim , listen for quinn 's plane . the sound of the mosquito get farther ... farther ... it seem to be head upward . Ashley stare up . now 's she chance . she begin to arc up out of the fog bank ... 123 . ext . over fogbank - day and see ... nothing . the plane 's disappeared . but the buzzing be now get louder . it 's then she-notice the mosquito arcing hundred of foot above she upside down . it 's at 12:00 , executing a wild loop over the dragon . int . mosquito in a last desperate move , quinn , upside down , guide the plane back over the dragon ... ext . over sea - day too late , Ashley realize what quinn be do . the mosquito be now diving behind the dragon . its loop now be accelerate by its descent . at the 7:00 point , it begin to pull up with huge speed . what happen next be so quick , it 's nearly simultaneous . quinn open the canopy of he plane . ashley try to dive . the mosquito arc upward . quinn release he belt and be suck from the cockpit . slam ! he hit the water at a angle at a savage 70 mile a hour . his body skip like a stone over the ocean just as the mosquito be carry in its course by the force of its acceleration ... ..- head right into Ashley 's egg-filled stomach . ashley ( continued ) 124 . continued : try to avoid it , but the mosquito strike home , slamming into her belly . Ashley 's stomach explode ! and the great dragon be literally ripped in two . ext . sea quinn recover he sense barely in time to see a SHOCK wave from the blast , swell right towards he . 's quinn hit ! he dive just as the wave hit he full on . ext . underwater quinn be jostle to and for under the wave . ext . over sea the fiery remain of the dragon fall from the sky like rain . ext . underwater with he last strength , quinn kick with all he might toward ext . sea - surface quinn break the surface , gasping for air . the water around be fill with burn debris . and there , not ten yard away , float the ashley' severe head . bob lifeless as it sink . quinn watch it , see himself reflect in the cornea of its one eye , just as he have see himself as a child . soon , the reflection and eye and the last of the dragon disappear under the water . hold on the burn debris crossfade to : 125 . ext . sea - a week later Burning debris crossfade into boat . all shape and size fill with refugee head toward the coast of England ext . hyde park - day - several week later close on a pile of dragon egg arrange in a huge pit in the ground . creedy ( os ) FIRE in the hole ! a explosive charge detonate in the middle of the pit , reduce the they embryos to lifeless shred . pull back to reveal creedy supervise a crew of men and women in the orderly disposal of remain dragon egg . pull back further to reveal the rest of the park . a myriad of tent be pitch throughout the park . a caravan full of new arrival be busy prepare a campsite . tuft of GREEN grass speckle the blacken hill . there 's even a bit of sunlight peek through the cloud . pan over to a distant hill where a lone figure stand . ext . hyde park - hill - day it 's quinn stand before what look like a rough military graveyard . british flag fly from some ; the american from other . the dead in the war with Ashley . quinn kneel down by one that fly the don ’t tread on I early american flag with the snake . it 's there he place the flask he take from Van Zan in the boat . colleen ( 0.s. ) he actually steal that flask from I . quinn turn to see colleen behind he . no longer wear she flight suit , but a dress that cover she arm and leg . quinn smile . colleen french delegation 's here . they want to talk about a expedition to retake the continent . quinn you wanna be in on it ? ( continued ) 126 . continued : colleen do you ? quinn shake he head , look down at the grave . quinn guess we owe it to he to keep fightin’ . colleen just he , huh ? she nod at Beth and a group of the castle kid , play soccer nearby . colleen wo not exactly be a cakewalk . they say there 's at least four of them in Paris . quinn that 's not what bother I , col . ( look at she . ) what if Van Zan be wrong about Ashley ? what if there still other female ? what do we do then ? colleen take he hand . colleen we live . hear he own word throw back at he , quinn have to smile . he kiss she gently , put he arm around she . they walk together from the graveyard . toward a city be reborn . fade to black : the end