" reindeer game " screenplay by ehren kruger fade in : figure in a santa claus suit lie face - down in a nighttime expanse of snow . one of the body 's red-sleeve arm be twisted at a sicken angle . the white snow beneath the figure be spread with red . reveal ext . snowy road - night the figure in the suit lie motionless . snowflake drift . int . hallway - night Dark , rustic wood , a office with break window and whistling winter beyond . a second body in a Santa Claus suit lie dead in the doorway . it 's a man with a large build . the suit be riddled with hole . his face be miss . ext . parking lot - night more snow fall . a handful of car in the lot . a third body in the same red-and - white outfit lie atop the hood of a old pontiac . his head be not visible , have smashed through the windshield . his suit be char and blacken . a halo of break glass outline he . his black boot hang off the front bumper . the parking lot be silent . int . room - night a floor scattered with shiny silver quarter . reflection of neon . there 's a fourth santa here , face - down in a red pool . the suit be far too big for he . not that it matter now . ext . snow - filled ravine - night where the fifth and final Santa lie at the edge of a ravine , which plummet a hundred foot down . the man rest precariously atop the slope , upside - down , eye close . his burn suit be smolder . he have a sly but tired face , late - 20' , sandy hair , cold and scar . this be rudy duncan . he open he eye . rudy ( v.o. ) I never be much for the holiday . CUT to black : the SOUND of a winter wind rise , as a title appear : " seven day before ... " and then , to complete the sentence : " ... XMAS . " fade in : ext . iron mountain state prison - day snow drift down onto the stone wall and wire fence of the Iron Mountain , Michigan s.i.c . Winter 's be here awhile . int . prison cell - day rudy Duncan lie in he top bunk , stare at he ceiling -- where a handful of paper - cut snowflake have be paste . the sound of yelling inmate and gate slamm shut echo through the fortress . rudy watch a spider scurry across the paper snow . it 's he excitement for the day . he turn to the wall , where there 's a photo of he teenage self with some co- worker at a auto body shop . and a family photo , cheery Midwesterner , with rudy a scowling artful dodger . a wall calendar show the date have be cross off up to December 18th . December 22nd be circle again and again . rudy muse at the calendar , then hop out of he bunk . drop to the floor , cross to a desk , find a chew - on pen . turn back to the bed we reveal -- the lower bunk where rudy 's cellmate , nick mason ( 32 ) , rugge , mustach and well - build , sleep soundly . in contrast , he bed - wall be a collage of photograph , twenty , maybe thirty of they . almost a mural . all of they photo of a beautiful young girl , mid-twenty , smile out from beach , party and snowy scene . gorgeous brown hair , heartbreaking smile . effortlessly sexy . rudy stare at the picture for a moment , wistful . Nick snore , turn over . rudy climb atop he bunk again , with the pen this time . and cross December 18th off the calendar . CUT to : ext . prison yard - day the two of they , Nick and rudy , shiver by the fence . Nick absently whistle some " Silver bell , " then dig for a smoke . nick what 's the first thing , man ? what 's the first thing you be gonna do ? rudy have not think about it . nick Hell you have not . rudy get to think about it , it will not happen . nick we walk outta here , we hit that road , what 's the first thing you be gonna do . rudy ai not there yet . nick Three day , man . rudy not yet . nick fuckin ' Christmas , man . fuckin , Christmas on the out . dozen of uniform inmate wander the yard , stamp foot , hand tuck away , breath frosting . Nick try to light he cig , but the wind play havoc . Nick curse , toss it . rudy hot chocolate . nick what ? rudy get a hot mug of chocolate . ( nod ) first thing I be gonna do . nick ( smile ) and a slice of pecan pie , right ? rudy and some pecan pie . Nick laugh , stare through the fence at the gate of the prison 's entrance road . longingly . nick she 's gonna be out there , man . right there . right there wait . rudy yeah . nick gonna walk out of this shitstorm and right into she arm . rudy yeah . nick get we a motel out highway 5 , bring she own damn sheet , you read that part ? silk damn sheet . lock ourselves in the whole week , drink wine , take bath , man , see if they get that room service steak ... anything I want to do . remember when she write that ? anything I want ... rudy yeah . fuckin ' Christmas . Nick grin . they stand there , shiver . it 's freezing , but the time they get outside be too precious to give up . rudy all that picture she 's send ... y' know ... you sure they be all of she , Nick ? you hear sometimes they do not send they real picture . could be she cousin or something . Nick study he . nick why you gotta say a thing like that . rudy I be just say . nick why you gotta . we be gonna give you a ride someplace , man . now I just do not know . rudy I be just talk . nick fuck you hot chocolate , rudy . they trail off in silence . Nick look out at the prison road again . a snowy wasteland . nick I be gonna marry this girl . int . prison cell - day rudy lie in he bunk , stare at the same paper snowflake . nick ( o.s. ) hey , hey , listen here . " I have make my list and I have check it twice , and as long as you be naughty , it 's gonna be nice . this cold winter week have be kill I , Nick , as I lie here alone . it 's not enough to have you warmth in my heart anymore ; I need you warmth next to I . work at penney 's have be busy because it 's Christmas and that 's when we do almost half of we business for the whole year -- " , okay , whatever , whatever -- ( skip on ) " -- my manager 's still mad at I for ask for the whole week off , " whatever , whatever -- ( smile ) here we go . " and all that get I through the day be to close my eye and imagine hold you , and kissing you , and touch you , and taste you everywhere because I know at that moment , I will feel I have find the reason for my whole entire life . " rudy still stare at the stone ceiling . rudy for twenty - five , she sound pretty mature . nick yeah . you grow up in Detroit , you get mature real quick . Nick 's do pushup on the floor below , smoking a cig , read sheet of pink stationery . with a new photo : of the same girl , in a bikini by a lake . vamp a childish pose . nick sure as hell do not make I miss millie bobek . guess I owe millie , though . if I have not be rollin , she , I woulda never end up here . and I woulda never meet Ashley . ( study photo ) that 's the world for ya . Nick climb off the floor , pace back to the bunk , marvel at the latest letter . rudy what if she see you , man , see what you look like ... and it 's not there . you just do not do it for she . nick I and she get a connection . ( hand page to he ) read this part . read the part about stuff she stock . Nick drop the page on he stomach . rudy sigh , pick it up , bring it to he nose . rudy she 's use a new perfume . nick no , I think that 's just orange . she write here she 's eat orange . rudy oh . nick shoulda write to that magazine , rudy . I be gonna walk outta here , walk right into a relationship . not some one - nighter , man ... a relationship . you ? you be gonna walk outta here with bus fare . search for the drunkest skirt in the room . rudy mornin ' , gorgeous . more egg nog ? nick shoulda write , rudy ... Nick drop back to he bunk , pasting the new lakeside photo among he collage of picture . admire he pen pal : nick shoulda get yourself a girl . above , rudy peruse the page Nick give he . some lipstick mark press to the paper . he pass it back , close he eye . rudy all I want ... be to make it to sidnaw , and sit down for Christmas dinner . watch some ball with my old man , sleep in my old bed , and have leftover for bout six month . nick think you hate sidnaw . rudy just taste that Christmas turkey . nick think you hate you old man . rudy five year , nicky . five year . ( shrug ) I just want to go home . there 's the echo of crashing metal gate . prisoner yelling . Nick smile , still stare at he girl . nick well , man . I and Ashley . we will be think about you . int . MAIN prison floor - day guard monitor prisoner as they file out of they cell for the afternoon meal . rudy and Nick be motion out by a mean guard , he bitter world etched in he face . they join the line . rudy shit. alamo 's back . across Broadway , a parallel line be form . a tall , tattooe Native american , the alamo , step out of he cell . his hand be the size of a man 's skull . nick do not look like he miss the sunlight . rudy pinscher tell I alamo think I be the one ratted on he beat up cree . since I be there , I see it , he think I get he send to solitary . nick aw , rudy . at that moment , alamo glance over . find rudy 's eye . rudy swiftly look away -- rudy Count I outta mealtime -- he slap Nick a the back , head back for they cell -- mean guard get back in line ! rudy I be not hungry , I be gonna -- mean guard shoulda stayed in you hole ! get back in fucking line ! the mean guard pull he blackjack . another guard 's ready behind he . they want rudy to give they trouble . rudy stop . slide back into the line of prisoner . look across Broadway . the alamo 's walk on up ahead . rudy swallow , head toward the mess hall . int . mess hall - day a gloopy spoon of chunky red and GREEN jello get splooshed on rudy 's plate . same with Nick . it 's the cafeteria line . nick what the fuck be this ? ugly staffer holiday jello . nick what 's this shit in it ? ugly staffer swallow and see . the ugly staffer grin from under he plastic hairnet . Nick look to rudy , then turn back to the help : nick just so you know , this man and I be outta here in two day . so while we be inhale London broil and lobster bisque , you be gonna still be stand here smell up the mystery creamfuck . ( nod ) who 's in prison now ? the ugly staffer curl he lip . Nick smile . rudy move on , take he tray off the rail and turn -- -- right into the chest of the alamo . he look up -- into the most scar and vengeful face a man could ever dread to see . the alamo 's a lifer . many time over . the alamo when you do not expect it . rudy it be not I , alamo -- the alamo that 's when . the alamo stride into the cafeteria line . rudy finally take a breath , as if he 's dodge death . Nick 's at he shoulder . they share a grave and worried look . try to help : nick two day . int . mess hall - table - day rudy and Nick sit at a cafeteria table . beside rudy be a frail , nervous , fiftyish inmate , zook . Zook sit alone , talk to no one , always have the shake . nick so maybe after we week beneath the sheet , we will head down to motor City for New Year 's . she say she roommate 's skip town for a few day , have the place to ourselves . remember how she brother 's a truck driver down there ? I be think he might be able to help get I some work . rudy what , work security ? nick no , I be through with that shit . Ashley 's right . gotta start do something I get a stake in . get a business go . rudy I do not know , I have see the business world . nick hotwire car , rudy , do not qualify as a small business . chop shop consultant ; do not work on a resume . rudy shrug . he check across the room , on the whereabouts of the alamo . the big indian have he back turn . nick Ashley 's talk about maybe we can start something up together ... next to rudy , Zook have stop eat . he be still as stone , stare at he tray . nick whatsa matter , Zook ? they both watch Zook put down he utensil and reach into he red-and - green jello with he bare hand . rudy the hell you do , Zookerman ? gloppy gelatin drip from he hand , as the frail man lift a large black cockroach out . Zook 's shaking . nick just a roach , Zook . rudy good for you . protein . zook monster in the gelatin ... nick it 's a roach , guy -- zook there be monster ... ( voice rise ) ... in the gelatin ... nick oh , man -- Zook stand up , hold jello aloft : zook there be monster in the gelatin ! nick ( shake he head ) fuckin , Zookerman -- zook there be monster ! in the gelatin ! there be monster ! in the gelatin ! a grumbling murmur sweep through the cafeteria as inmate sift through they jello , search for -- distant inmate sonofabitch ! he pull something bug-like out of he dessert , hold it aloft , and then hurl it at the cafeteria line . a staffer duck away . the inmate laugh and suddenly they be all on they foot -- zook there be monster ! in the gelatin ! -- grab handfuls of jello and throw it at the cafeteria line . inmate get errantly splashed , and respond by wheeling on they fellow inmate -- red and green glob fly to and for ! guard sit down ! sit the fuck back down ! as guard immediately rush in to restore order -- nick rudy , do not move -- rudy two day , we get two day ! do not do nothing . do not touch nothing -- a inmate at the end of they table pick up they table and overturn it , send food fly . rudy and Nick stand back , hand raise in surrender . jello hit rudy in the face . nick do not move , rudy ! rudy stand right here , man ! Zook be still shout until a guard club he senseless with a blackjack . whistle be blow . Guards scream for order . nick ( as a guard eye they ) ate the jello , jello be fine ! the guard leave they alone , run on . the melee 's still out of control . as rudy turn -- -- and suddenly see the alamo charge across the room , with murderous eye , a metal shank in he hand ! five foot away ! nick rudy , look out ! Nick grab he , try to push he out of the way -- -- and the alamo 's shank plunge deep into Nick 's stomach bury between he rib . blood splashes . Nick slump . rudy nick ! the alamo pull the blade out with a ferocious yell , push Nick to the floor and spin on rudy ! rudy block with a chair , stumbling back , cartwheel over a table as the alamo roar over he for the kill -- -- and two guard tackle the big indian out of nowhere ! knock the knife away , hammer he with blackjack . it take another three guard to keep the alamo down . rudy scramble across the floor . Nick 's on he back , blood pump freely from he gut -- rudy guard ! guard ! nick ( in shock ) alamo ... rudy guard !!! no one 's help , the guard nearby all subdue the alamo . Nick grab rudy 's shirt , gasp to speak -- nick Jesus , rudy -- rudy take it , man ! you be all right ! hold it in ! guard ! nick oh , fuck , rudy ... oh Jesus ... rudy guard !!! nick ash ... Ashley ... rudy no , man ! no , no , no ! nick ( choke ) tell she ... I will be there ... rudy you be gonna be there ! we be get outta here ! take it ! nick tell Ashley ... I ... rudy you tell her ! nick ... be with she ... blood spill out Nick 's mouth . his eye go vacant . rudy no !!! nick ... for Christmas ... rudy nick !!! and rudy 's suddenly haul backwards . a trio of guard descend , grab Nick 's body as he life fade away . dragging he figure out of the melee . whistle be blow . guard get he out of here ! lock down ! rudy nick !!! rudy struggle , enraged , and get blackjacked across the skull for he trouble . he hit the jello-cover floor . and the world go dark . int . prison cell - night darkness and shadow . rudy sit in a corner , hold he head . the cell block silent for the first time . bootstep from down the row . a shadow fall across rudy 's somber figure . it 's the mean Guard . he stare at rudy with distinct pleasure . rudy the man have two day ... mean guard well . least he will not be come back . the guard grin a gold tooth . rudy look at he -- -- and then spring to he foot , charge the room , grab through the bar . the guard take a calm step back . keeps the cruel smile . mean guard you need company tonight , rudy ... you just give a holler . he pucker a kiss and walk on . start whistling " be you lonesome tonight ? " several shadow voice request that he shut the fuck up . the bootstep and melody drift down the row . rudy turn back , start toward he bunk . and stop . his eye on Nick 's empty bed . and the wall behind . the picture of ashley smiling , laugh , play kissy - face . heart draw on the photo . all color of stationery tape to the wall . rudy take a seat on Nick 's bed . there 's a shoebox at the foot of it . rudy open it . it 's fill with Ashley 's letter . he trail a finger along they , must be over a hundred page . he select the one nearest the front . survey it . nick ( v.o. ) rudy , man , here we go , here , what she write here : " the car 's wait . the motel 's wait . and I be wait . I have wait for so long . I be burn for you , Nick . my whole body . my whole heart . I be burn for you ... " rudy turn to the wall . to the lakeside picture of Ashley , a swimsuit siren . rudy stare sadly . rudy he be burn for you too ... and put the letter away . close on rudy's calendar - night as he hand slashes through December 21st . prison 's over . CUT to : ext . iron mountain prison - day snow swirl . near blizzard condition . a heavy steel door bang open , hold by a exit guard . and fifteen convict , make that ex - convict , trudge onto a fence drive , cover in snow . exit guard you world and welcome to it , dumbfuck ! do not be a stranger now ! we will keep the light on for ya ! rudy stumble out with the group , shiver in a goodwill hand - me-down coat . thin canvas , would not keep he warm in summer . secondhand shoe . no possession . he clutches he side with he hand , hunch over . all fifteen huddle and herd toward the gate at the end of the fenceway . beyond the gate there be a dozen friend and relative wait . a few men , several women , a couple kide . bundle in winter coat , hat and hood . a prison shuttle bus be park behind they . the release con reach the gate , where a gate guard unlock the fence to the outside world . Fifteen man be free . the ex-con and relative scan each other 's face . wive rush over to embrace they man . pal nod to ex- con and trade slap on back . reunion time . the snow batter they , wind whipping . rudy keep he head down , lean forward , keep walk . toward the bus . but he can not help himself -- he glance up -- to see a young woman bundle in a silver ski jacket , pink wool hat with a poofball on top , scarf and mitten . scan the release prisoner . rudy drop he head , look away . climb onto the shuttle bus . int . bus - continuous rudy shake he arm , bask in the vehicle 's warmth . take a seat at the back . a couple other lone ex - con climb aboard . then the con with relative start to pile in . rudy 's window be steam against the cold . he stare into he lap , then reach for he coat pocket . take out the picture of Ashley , in she bikini by the lake . stare at it . he rub he window with he sleeve . outside , the woman in the silver coat turn this way and that , troubled . she 's watch the other ex - con climb onto the bus with they love one . the woman look back to the prison . the guard close the gate . the steel door have be shut . no one else be come . rudy watch she sadly . aboard the bus , the seat fill up . ex - con be feel up they wife , kid be climb on they absent daddy , buddy be jaw loudly ' bout how the neighborhood 's change . the woman outside be now alone . Silver coat , pink poofball . rudy look at the bikini picture again . then at the shiver bundle . rudy do not do it , rudy ... the bus engine start up . in the seat beside rudy , a ex - con make out with he wife while he bratty kid punch he leg . out the window , the young woman be scan the bus window . then the prison again . she turn in a worried circle . rudy look swiftly away . close he eye . rudy do not do it ... the bus door close . it revs and start forward . rudy sigh with relief . the photo of Ashley fall to the floor . ext . prison release gate - continuous the young woman watch the bus pull away , down the snowy road . but it do not get fifty foot before it suddenly stop . the door open . and rudy step out . the bus revs up again and groans off into the winter . the young woman push she poofball hat out of she eye . we get a look at she face for the first time . skin pale , lip turn blue , but it 's the girl from the picture . it 's Ashley . she watch rudy 's figure trudge back toward she . snow obscure he until he 's right in front of she . both of they shiver . both of they stand there . and finally : rudy you Ashley ? Ashley nod . and rudy sadly smile . rudy I be Nick . CUT to : int . truck stop - day rudy and Ashley sit at a coffee shop booth . coat still on . Big rig bluster by on the highway outside . two untouched cup of coffee sit before they . she 's watch he in silence . rudy I like you coat . Ashley say nothing . rudy look at he own : rudy this -- this be just something they give I at the door . be not snow when we sign up , y'know ? Ashley nod . rudy how 's you coffee ? Ashley look at it , like she 's just realize it 's there . she lift the cup , take a sip . put it down . ashley good . rudy nod . silence again . rudy gotta be ten degree out there . ashley Radio say negative five . rudy negative five ? ashley yeah . rudy I do not think it 's negative five . ashley Radio say . beat . rudy wind chill . that 's probably what they mean . Ashley nod . rudy bite he lip . rudy I be scared . scare you be gonna take one look at I and change you mind . scare I be walk into heartache . all that word ... you put a picture in you mind of where they come from and when you see where maybe it 's not the same as you picture . he trail off . ashley I figure you walk outta there and see I and walk right the other way -- rudy no , no -- ashley saw my outfit or something , my coat -- rudy no , hey , I like you coat -- ashley saw I -- rudy Ashley , no . that be I , that 's what I be scared of . I mean , be serious ... I be not exactly look like Mr. Universe here . ashley you be to I . rudy go silent . whoa . Ashley consider . ashley think you write you have a mustache . rudy I can get another one go . y'know , hey , whatever you want I to -- ashley no , no , no . be like you want to be . another awkward pause . rudy pick up a milk dispenser beside the coffee , put it to he lip . it give he a wide white mustache . he stare straight - face . Ashley give a bashful smile , cover it . rudy do that again . ashley what . rudy smile . Ashley smile again , blush now . ashley no -- rudy one more . smile . one more . ashley ( try not to ) no , c'mon -- rudy I have be dream about that smile , Ashley mercer . for a long time . they stare across the table , drift into one another 's eye . ashley you be better than the picture in my mind , Nick ... ( softly ) you be real . outside , another truck rumble by , whipping up snow . smash CUT to : int . interstate motel room - day and rudy and Ashley slam inside , kissing passionately , limb intertwined , paw at each other 's coat . rudy kick the door close . mouth devour , hand lose in snowy hair . they collide with a side table , knock over a lamp , tumble onto the lumpy bed . rudy tear at she silver coat and sweater and turtleneck and capilene and whatever else 's she get on , as Ashley 's lip explore he neck and body . writhing and wrestle and roll off the bed . bang . int . motel room - later rudy and Ashley fuck like lover in r-rated movie . int . motel room - day - later the bed sheet lie tangle on the floor . rudy and Ashley rest naked amidst they . her pretty young head on he chest , all they inhibition go . rudy stroke she arm . rudy tell I something . this the first time you have ever do this ? ashley go to hell , Nick mason , what 's that suppose to mean -- rudy no , not that , no ... ( laugh , kiss she ) I mean this , the whole thing . start write to a guy , guy in the brick . get a boyfriend like this . tell I the truth . ashley well . you be not the first guy I write to . but you be the only one I keep write to . rudy yeah . I too. ( consider ) why ? I mean I know why for I , why I pay for the ad . but you ... why start write to some guy -- some con -- you do not even know ? Ashley study he face , smile in reflection . ashley I tell you , Nick . remember ? rudy tell I again . ashley all the guy I have ever be with ... they never want to know I . who I be on the inside . they just want to qet inside . when they do , they think that mean they know who I be . that I trust they . that they know I . that there 's nothing leave to learn . ( beat ) a guy like you , Nick -- six month before you can even touch my face . I figure a guy in that kind of bind , he 's gonna hafta work to get to know I some other way . rudy have some bad relationship , do not you . ashley not bad . just regular . ( smile ) you write I wonderful thing , Nick . personal thing . she turn to he , kiss he chest -- rudy well , be not all I , y'know . ashley yes it be all you -- rudy guy I be in with ... he help sometimes ... some of the romantic stuff , actually ... you would like he -- ashley I be talk about the heart , Nick . I be not talk about the word . rudy y'know , some of the heart mighta be he too ... ashley then he shoulda sign he name . she turn over playfully , ease herself back atop he . ready to make up for lose time . with a kiss : ashley and he would be here right now . int . shopping mall - day Ashley run through a xmas-decorate megamall , drag rudy behind she . both of they laugh , as she haul he over to some cookie bakery company : rudy where the hell be you go ? ashley provision ! we be not leave that motel room again till after New Year 's : we need ten day worth of provision ! ( to cookie matron ) what 's good ?! cookie matron oh my , we have get a special on we chocolate crunchie elve , they be shape like little helper -- ashley this man ... have not have a cookie in two goddamn year ! get he two of everything ! rudy Ashley , Jesus -- ashley can not survive on we body alone , Nick . ( to cookie matron ) hurry up ! rudy ash ... do not you write I that you do not eat chocolate ? ashley yeah , well you write I you be six - foot - four , baby . ( teasing smile ) so do not talk to I about little white lie . int . j.c. penney' department store - day teddy bear with nightcap , green bow , red ribbon . Ashley 's tear through man 's clothing rack , all love and confidence . rudy 's get a bunch of purchase bag weigh he down : ashley you need a coat ! rudy ash , you have get I enough -- ashley no boyfriend of mine be go to walk around in negative - five degree wind chill without a goddamn good - look coat ! she pull out a hellacious black leather fringe number . rudy baby , c'mon , all this stuff ... I have not get you anything -- ashley you get out , Nick . you be here . you be my Christmas . she put the jacket against he chest , smile . rudy sigh . rudy it 's two hundred dollar , ash -- she whip a penney 's card from she purse , grin wickedly : ashley you forget where I work ? rudy ( beat ) beauty and fragrance . ashley fifty percent off , motherfucker . Ho ho ho . she run off with the jacket . rudy turn to a dress mirror , leave to stare at he reflection . a ex-con in rag , with a half - dozen holiday shopping bag . to himself : rudy just for the holiday , Nick . then we will tell she . we will let she ... have she holiday ... rudy nod till he convince himself . can not help but smile . int . toy store - day puzzle , barby and dinosaur . kide scurrying , parent chase . rudy and Ashley with a scared teen clerk : teen clerk you can not find ... what ? ashley toy for adult . where be you toy for adult ? teen clerk toy for ... adult ? ashley c'mon . how old be you , sixteen ? c'mon . teen clerk we sell child 's toy -- ashley ( slam money down ) I get fifty dollar to spend in you store , Jesus of Nazareth . can you help I or not ? the clerk glance around , then , low : teen clerk slinky 's in aisle five , twister 's in aisle one , Moon mud 's in aisle four . ashley thank you . int . supermarket - day close on conveyor as bottle of wine , vodka and rum , carton of egg nog and orange juice , and countless prepackage sandwich come scrolling past . ashley ( o.s. ) you know what I be think , after we holiday hideaway ? instead of go back to Detroit , maybe we could go gambling . y'know ? drive up to that indian place you work at . would not that be fun ? I have not go gambling in forever ! ext . supermarket parking lot - dusk Light snow fall . rudy , in he new black fringe eyesore , and Ashley carry grocery bag across the icy asphalt : rudy well , I do not know about that -- ashley blackjack , Nick , blackjack I be good at . I mean , they would give we some free game or something , would not they ? since you work there ? rudy Security , ash , I just work security . they would not be roll out the red carpet -- ashley and the slot , slot I be good at too . would not that be fun ? rudy we will have more fun in Detroit . ashley we could live it up and -- rudy Ashley . we be not go anywhere I use to work . it come out too harsh . Ashley stop , a little hurt . ashley I just ... I think you would have friend there ... rudy soften , touch she arm : rudy hey . I be in prison for two year , ash . believe I . that guy would not want to see I . he kiss she . she nod , dismiss it , kiss back . ashley well , they do not know what the hell they be miss . ext . motel - night Ashley 's chevy nova pull back into the lot of the roadside joint . there 's a artificial ( silver ) Christmas tree tie to the roof . she and rudy climb out ; she head for the office : ashley baby , I be gonna go tell them not to disturb we for the rest of the year . I get back in that room , you better be wear nothing but a candy cane . rudy I will see what I can do . ashley no , lover . I will see what you can do . she smile , sashays sexily away . rudy watch she go , admire he good fortune . then pop the trunk , collect some of they shopping score . gift and goody . rudy ( sing , sotto ) I have no gift to bring , parum - pum - pum-pum . no treasure for the king , pa-rum- pum-pum-pum ... load down , he struggle to the motel room , balance bag on he knee , get the key in the door , and head inside . int . motel room - night pitch dark . rudy fumble he way in : rudy ... but I get a girl to be with , rum - pum-pum-pum ... merlin ( o.s. ) hi , Nick . rudy drop the shopping bag , whirl around , as a stocky black shadow , merlin , all 280 pound of he , kick the door shut -- rudy what the fuck -- -- and swing a baseball bat toward rudy 's chest . rudy get a arm down to deflect the blow , but it still sting like a mother . rudy howl . merlin come at he again -- -- and this time rudy slip by . merlin 's bat shatter a dresser . rudy grab he by the neck , kick out he knee and wrest he to the ground . grab the bat -- -- and get decked from behind by another shadow , pug , a little white guy with a snarl . they go crashing onto the bed , grapple for leverage , and then to the floor -- -- where rudy grab a champagne bottle from the grocery and bash it backwards , shatter it over pug 's head ! pug let go , as rudy scramble up , and merlin 's get he again in a bear hug . rudy 's struggle , whirling with he , crash into one wall , then another , yelling for help -- rudy heyyy !!! in here !!! heyyy !!! -- until he hear the pump - load SNAP of a shotgun . rudy stop still . a lamp click on . stand in silhouette , a figure in a leather duster hold a saw - off on he . gabriel welcome home , Nick . another lamp come on . rudy , still in merlin 's choke-hold , get a look at the gunman , gabriel . Weathered face , stringy hair , early 30' . handsome in a scuzzy way . he 's see a lot of road . rudy stare , totally throw . pug , the little guy , bad tooth , bad hair , bad skin , get up spitting blood and champagne . pug I owe ya a drink , ya fuck -- -- and slug rudy in the gut . merlin yank he back up . merlin 's a black widebody , wear a goatee and brass knuckle . behind merlin stand a fourth intruder , a stone - face indian in a grateful Dead longsleeve . jumpy . guarding the door . Gabriel 's study rudy , up and down . nod . merlin relax he choke-hold so rudy can breathe . rudy you ... you do not know I -- gabriel oh , I know you , Nick . I know you real well . rudy no , you can not -- gabriel the hell I can not . as the room 's door get kick open -- ashley watch out , baby ! I be bring in the fuck tree ! and the silver fake evergreen fill the doorway , get force through with Ashley 's grunt and groan -- rudy ashley ! merlin trap he jaw shut . the tree come squeezing through , follow by Ashley , face in branch -- ashley I be tell you , we get the best one in the store ... I do not know why people want they house smell like the stupid wood ... she 's grabbed from behind by jumpy . Ashley scream , but he slam she against the wall . the tree hit the ground . rudy no ! ashley nick ! rudy fight to help she , but merlin 's get he . pug lock Ashley 's arm . she fight , muffle cry , but jumpy and pug have she hold firmly . her face to the wall -- gabriel ( be : the silver tree ) hope she taste in men' better than she taste in Christmas . Ashley 's turn to face he . her eye widen . Gabriel nod . gabriel hey , sis . happy holiday . rudy 's jaw drop . he look to Ashley . then to Gabriel . Ashley yell , enraged , kick and claw . jumpy slam she back against the wall for she trouble -- gabriel jumpy , do not hurt she , now . Gabriel step to rudy . Studies he . gabriel so . this be the guy you be wait for . man of you dream . ashley Gabriel -- ! gabriel ( unimpress ) must have a way with stationery . ashley Gabriel , what be you do ! Gabriel raise the saw - off to rudy 's chest . rudy flinch , but merlin 's get he . ashley gabriel !!! Gabriel fix she with a stare . she shut up . to rudy : gabriel you better be here to be good to she , loverboy . ' Cause she 's be good to you . ashley Gabriel , let he go -- gabriel read a lot about you , Nick . ashley what be you do here ?! gabriel read you be a man of some knowledge . ashley Gabriel ! gabriel a man of some travel . ashley gabriel , I love he ! rudy 's try to speak , voice choked . Gabriel nod to merlin , who again ease he hold . rudy cough . rudy I be ... not ... Nick ... Gabriel frown . rudy turn to Ashley . rudy I be not he . I ... ( then to Gabriel ) you want something from Nick , you get the wrong guy . ashley ( hurt ) Nick ... Gabriel look from she to he , then lower he saw - off , and swing it into rudy 's stomach . rudy buckle . panicked . gabriel who be you now . rudy you get the wrong guy ! she think I be Nick , I be not ! gabriel ( to merlin ) put he in the truck . rudy I be in the joint with he ! I know about he and she , okay !? I take he place ! gabriel you what ... rudy I get out , Nick do not ! I pretend I be he ! I know about she letter ! Jesus Christ , whatever you want from he -- I be not Nick ! ( to Ashley ) I -- I just want to be -- a glance of regret amidst he desperation . Ashley stare back , confuse , search he eye . gabriel you be not Nick mason ... rudy I share he cell ! gabriel but you be say you be ... rudy yes ! gabriel so you could get with my sister . rudy yes ! gabriel so you could get down she chimney . rudy yes ! gabriel and you think tell I that 's gonna help you cause . Gabriel ratchet he across the chin with the gun butt . rudy hit the floor . Gabriel spin on Ashley , enraged : gabriel be this he !? ashley ( reach for rudy ) do not hurt he ... gabriel be this the fucker you be write all year !? ashley ( reach for rudy ) please , Gabriel , do not ... Gabriel put the gun to rudy 's head . gabriel be this nick mason !!?? ashley yes !!! Gabriel do not shoot . Studies rudy . gabriel well , he 's gonna have to learn to give you some respect . Gabriel kick rudy in the jaw . Ashley scream . Gabriel motion to he boy : jumpy and pug drag she outside . Gabriel kick rudy again . rudy lie there and take it . merlin light a cig , examine rudy and Ashley 's grocery bag : merlin hey . they get a shitload of cookie . gabriel take them . merlin how ' bout the tree ? you want the tree ? gabriel leave the tree . merlin nod , tuck the bag under he arm , leave the room . Gabriel drop beside rudy , with a sick smile : gabriel I have read you letter , motherfucker . do not play no reindeer game with I . ext . interstate - night as we swoop down onto a four-lane stretch of winter highway , arcing into the blackness . close on a 18 - wheel tractor trailer , rumbling onward , emblazon with " great Lakes truck . " there 's a airbrush painting on the door to the cab , of a skeleton look through a flame radial tire , and the legend " motor City monster . " int . gabriel be rig - cab - night Gabriel at the wheel , merlin smoking , jumpy eat cookie . a truck pass ; Gabriel wave . a moment later , the cb crackle : passing driver ( over cb ) hey there , monster ! what be you haul this far north ? gabriel Hell , bugeye . how you doin ' ? ai not haul , man , I be up for the holiday . gonna have myself a holiday ... for a goddamn change ... int . gabriel be rig - trailer - night close on rudy eye close , dry blood , head rock side to side . he wince , waking , with the headache to end all headache . ashley ( o.s. ) shh , Nick , shh . they will not hurt you now . you be okay ... her hand stroke he face . rudy 's eye struggle open . on full scene they be in the back of the truck . there 's some pack mat , rope , two tall storage locker , and Ashley 's chevy nova . rudy 's head be in she lap . he struggle to sit up , find he wrist tie with cord . he look at Ashley , follow she gaze . in a corner , pug sit guard in a beanbag chair . he 's dip chew tobacco , read Road &amp ; track , headphone on . give rudy a bored glance , then back to he magazine . ashley I will not let them , Nick . they will not hurt you anymore . rudy you brother ... Ashley nod . rudy look around , remember . rudy ... the truck driver ... ashley he 's not a bad person , Nick ... he 's not ... from the corner , pug spit some chaw . Ashley wheel . ashley you be not gonna hurt he anymore ! pug do not even look up . still stroking rudy 's face : ashley since janey move in ... Gabriel ... he 's come over more and more . to the apartment . janey 's the divorced one , ' member , with the tit job -- rudy what the fuck be go on . ashley he read the letter , Nick . some day I be not there . he go through my room . he find you letter . rudy what 's go on !!! the truck shake . ashley he know you work in that casino . rudy stare at she . she 's scared rudy you motherfucker . ashley Nick , no -- rudy you sell he out . ashley Nick -- rudy when would you decide to do it , ash ? after which of he letter , huh ? the fortieth ? the fiftieth ? the first ?! ashley Nick , what be you -- she reach out for he ; rudy scramble to he knee , tumble against the opposite wall of the trailer . rudy I 'm not nick ! ( raging ) you think you would fuck he over ?! well he 's fuck you ! I have never work at some casino ! I can not help you ! because he 's not I ! ashley Nick , I love you -- rudy jesus christ ! pug watch you mouth , man . it 's Christmas . rudy I 'm not nick ! Ashley run at he , wrap she arm around he tightly . he try to fight she off . she will not let go . rudy get the hell off of I ! ashley ( hard whisper ) Nick , it will not work . it will not work ! rudy stop fight . she have a terrify look in she eye . check to pug : he 's watch they now , chew slower . Ashley turn they away from the little guy 's view ashley he will kill you . rudy you be not hearing I here -- ashley my brother 's kill people , I know he have . trucker . if you talk he into think you be not you , you will only get yourself dead . rudy he do not " find " Nick 's letter , do he . ashley Nick , please , it 's I -- rudy you tell he about Nick 's letter . ashley no , Nick , no -- rudy you be in on this . ashley I love you ! rudy stare at she coldly . rudy y'know , in a way , I be glad it 's I . ' Cause you woulda break he heart . Ashley stare , panicked . pug 's still watch they . rudy you pen pall dead , lady . ashley if you say that , if you keep say that , they will kill you . if they think you be not you , they will kill you . do not you see ? I know what you be do , but it will not work ! rudy Nick die for I .... ashley I will not let he hurt you ! he just want what you know ! rudy ( ruefully ) ... maybe I die for Nick ... ashley just tell he what you know , Nick ! that 's all they want ! and we will get out of this ! rudy give she a stone cold stare . Ashley crumble , touch he face , shaking she head , tear . devastate . ashley he find they ... I swear , Nick ... ( helpless ) ...he find they ... the truck shudder through downshift , to a groan stop . Ashley embrace rudy fiercely , hold on for the last . the trailer gate rattle open into the truck 's roof . Ashley shut she eye . ext . rest stop / int . gabriel be rig - continuous the rig all alone at a snowy rest area . Gabriel , merlin and jumpy climb inside as silhouette sentries . Gabriel survey , then lift a piece of paper : gabriel " my sweet , sexy ashy -lashy , I have be dream of you constantly , and know you be out there make this wall not seem so close or so strong or so cold ... " ( to merlin / jumpy ) woman live for this stuff . ( read on ) dream ' bout you this , dream ' bout you that , gettin ' x-rate on I here , nicky ... where be we ... oh , right , other side ... ( turn paper over ) " someday I be gonna take you up by Lake S. before I go in , before goddamn millie , ' fore I have my situation , I use to work up at this casino , work security . use to watch for people steal chip , count card , get piss -drunk , that kinda shit . indian place , they hire this reject outta Vegas to run it , get about as much business sense as a buffalo patty . anyway , it 's a fun place to run some number and play . " Gabriel put the letter down . gabriel you be a good writer , Nick . I give this write a a-plus . rudy I never work at no casino . ashley ( hopeless ) Nick ... rudy step out of she hold and stalk forward : rudy that 's the guy I be in with , I do my last ten month with he . he ride a two - year bit for manslaughter -- split a guy 's skull open at a bar for harass he girl . that 's Nick mason . he work at that casino . he 's the one who write she letter . I , I be a damn mechanic , my last job be a quickie lube , I do five for lift car . I do not know shit about blackjack , I do not know shit about Indians . I be not he . Gabriel stare at he . then crumple the letter . gabriel bury this guy . merlin and jumpy grab rudy and throw he from the truck . he hit the snowy parking lot on he side , hand bound . ashley Gabriel , you promise ! gabriel I promise that when he help we , we would be go ! when he help we ! loverboy do not want to play ! merlin and jumpy drop to the snow , pick rudy up . ashley you promise I ! gabriel and you promise I you would get you sweetheart to help ! rudy meet eye with Ashley . she 's catch . gabriel he would rather die than be with you , he would make a fuck - up boyfriend anyway . ( to merlin / jumpy ) bury he all over the place . ashley no ! she charge at she brother . Gabriel grab she , spin she into control and punch she in the jaw . she go fly out of the truck . hit the ground hard . in shock . merlin and jumpy march rudy across the lot . a stand of dark and snowy wood ahead ... merlin beat prison , I guess . ashley ( o.s. ) nick !!! nick !!! nooooo !!! rudy struggle , desperate but hold firm . jumpy load a handgun , as he muse for the very first time : jumpy the problem with prison ... be that it be found on the fundamentally flaw perception of rehabilitation through punishment . a society can not hope to create a " change man " by surround he with the worst in he fellow man ; what it " rehabilitate " be solely a conviction that if he can survive the inhumanity of prison , what then , can he not withstand ? he have see man 's darkest soul and keep he sight : what be leave for such a man ? what faith ? what fear ? at the wood ' edge , jumpy give the gun to merlin -- jumpy do not get no blood on my boot -- the gun go to rudy 's head . a bullet fill the chamber . Ashley scream . rudy shut he eye tight and -- rudy what do you want to know ! merlin and jumpy stop . Ashley stop scream . Gabriel turn . rudy about the tomahawk ! what the hell do you want to know ! his guard look to Gabriel . rudy nod , sweat . rudy I spend six month write poetry and my goddamn pen pal fuck I over . thanks for the stamp , ash . you want I , you get I . whaddya want to know . Ashley gasp relief . Gabriel smile . gabriel everything . merlin and jumpy march rudy back . still on the ground : ashley I love you ... Nick , I love you ... rudy will not meet she eye . gabriel hey . she say she love you , Nick . rudy she say a lot of thing . gabriel she 's get you to help we ... ' cause she know if you do not , you be dead . you just tell we what we need to know , you two live happily ever after . my sister love you , motherfucker , and I be not gonna have you break she heart . rudy wish I have a brother like you . gabriel a girl say she love you , you say something . rudy look at Ashley . her eye plead forgiveness . rudy I have better sex in prison . gabriel heyyy . be nice , convict . we be gonna be work together here . ( to he boy ) get he back in the rig . merlin and jumpy wrench rudy backward . Ashley reach out to he , start to speak . he look right through she . she go silent , cast she eye to the snow . pug ( o.s. ) he 's not the guy , monster . everyone look to the truck . weasel - face pug have sidl next to Gabriel . spit some chaw . it hit merlin 's boot . merlin growl . pug Whole time you be drive , he be tell she he 's not the guy , he 's not the guy . I know why he would tell we he 's not the guy . why 's he tell she he 's not the guy ? what if he 's not the guy ? Gabriel consider , jump off the truck . walk to rudy : gabriel the man who write that letter love Ashley , boy . he live for she love . ( nod ) let 's see he live for love . Gabriel put a gun under rudy 's chin . rudy flinch . gabriel where 's she work ? rudy what ? gabriel ( force gun harder ) wrote you a hundred letter , do not she ? where 's she work ? rudy j.c. penney . beauty and fragrance . gabriel what 's she middle name ? rudy ( think hard ) samantha . gabriel what would they call she in high school ? rudy bam bam . gabriel what would they call she in college ? rudy what college . gabriel where would she drop she cherry ? ashley Gabriel ! rudy Canada . gabriel be more specific . rudy a station wagon in Canada . gabriel what 's she great fear ? rudy her brother . gabriel wrong , Nick . it 's drown . rudy no . it 's she brother . rudy stare he down . Gabriel shrug . gabriel that 's love . he put the gun away . Ashley regains she breath . gabriel let 's get back on the road . it 's time to start talk , Nick . time to start tell tale -- rudy Nick do not talk till Nick get something . Gabriel give a challenging stare . rudy stare right back . it 's a showdown . rudy hot. chocolate . the trucker slowly smile . his crew chuckle . merlin you want that for here or to go ? rudy I be in Iron Mountain for two year , truck driver . I do one more crime , I be back there for good , so fuck you and fuck you sister and fuck you trucker friend . you want to hear about some goddamn job of mine ? I want some hot-goddamn - chocolate . they have stop laugh . rudy and some pecan-fuck - pie . int . truck stop - night close on hot chocolate and pecan pie the six of they sit in a booth , Ashley lean on rudy 's shoulder apologetically . the four trucker watch he scarf he pie . " White Christmas " play over the speaker . gabriel so when you work there -- rudy raise a finger sharply . silence . he continue eat . scrape the last of he pie crumb . gabriel you know the place -- rudy hey . rudy stare hard . gobble the crumb , wash it down with he hot chocolate . savor it . set the mug down . rudy y'know , I could really go for some onion ring . Gabriel nod to jumpy , who snap he arm up , smashing he knuckle into rudy 's face . ashley Gabriel ! you say talk to he . that 's all you ever say ... gabriel we be talk , be not we ? rudy hold he nose . blood trickle . gabriel how much money 's in that casino ? day-to-day . rudy I do not know . gabriel the hell you do not . rudy ( sigh , a guess ) five million ? gabriel you write ash that letter , you tell she that story ' bout work Christmas Eve , bout how they would send half the security guy home , nobody comin , in that night . and the rest of you get shit - face drink hot butter rum . that a true story now ? rudy Christmas ... Eve ... gabriel you know where the guard be . you know how to get in and out . you know where the money be . ( nod ) we be take down that casino , convict . you be the guy gonna tell we how . rudy turn slightly pale . rudy hey , it 's ... be two year -- gabriel we get faith in you , Nick mason . ( smile ) you be we inside man . int . truck stop bathroom - night rudy slam in , let the door smack shut behind he . it 's a tiny windowless closet . rudy kick a stall door , pace . rudy ... goddamn it , rudy ... goddamn it ... goddamn girl , goddamn Nick ... you be so smart , so fuck smart ... he stalk a circle , grab a sink , and stare at he reflection in the mirror . he look a wreck . he settles down . rudy where 's you Christmas dinner now ... int . truck stop - moment later a couple leave the booth behind Gabriel 's crew . pug and merlin reach over , steal they leftover and dig in . Ashley fidget . jumpy regards the garland paint on the window beside : jumpy I have read where the retail industry do fifty percent of its business between December 1st and December 25th . half the year 's business , in one month 's time . it seem to I a intelligent society would legislate a second such gift-give holiday , create , say , a Christmas two -- late May , early June -- to further stimulate growth and prosperity . for who would protest such a holiday ? take the fifty percent model , a Christmas two would grow this country 's annual per capita income by close to one- third . everyone stare at jumpy . gabriel Christmas two . the indian nod . Gabriel shake he head . gabriel ever since you start night school , you be givin , I headache , jumpy . headaches . ( to merlin / pug ) go see what 's take he . int . bathroom - same rudy crouch behind the door , a piece of iron pipe in he grip , ready to strike . listen ... listen ... as the door slam open , swinging fast and bashing he in the head . rudy tag the floor , drop the pipe , knock out . merlin and pug gaze down on he , shaking they head . pug spit tobacco . Hit merlin 's boot again . int . truck stop - moment later rudy 's back , with a new facial bruise . Ashley reach for he hand ; he pull it away . Gabriel unfold a piece of paper -- it 's a crude map . gabriel here ya go , convict . we case the place in the fall , get the layout down . what you be gonna do be show we where each of this door go , what the upstairs level look like , where they get the alarm , all of it . merlin and where they hide the real money . merlin exhales some smoke in pug 's face . pug hack , shove he . gabriel and Nick ? if you even think about set we up , give we some bad information ? we go down ... you go down ... ( let it settle ) now. Christmas Eve . how many guard be there gonna be ? rudy survey the table . all five wait for he . sigh . rudy Hell . ten ? gabriel and which of this door here lead up to the security level ? Gabriel pass the map across the table . rudy stare at it . merlin start talk , Nick . rudy 's still stare . pug start talkin rudy who the hell make this map . gabriel what ? rudy I say , who the hell make the map ? gabriel I do . rudy this be not the tomahawk . gabriel what the fuck be you talk about . rudy this be the front entrance , right ? you get through the slot , you hit crap here , not blackjack . blackjack 's here to here -- line up . what 's this , the cage ? cage be over there , hard to get to , you get it all mix around -- pug that 's what it look like ! rudy since when ? what the hell be this room ? merlin Buffet . whaddya think it be ? rudy Buffet be by the goddamn bar ! what the hell kind of map be this ?! Gabriel reach across the booth , grab rudy 's shirt , pull he face to table level : gabriel we walk the place for a week . rudy and I work there . for a year . neither man blink . pug map be kinda dirty , monster ... rudy they change the layout . gabriel what ? rudy nod , pretend to be dawn upon . rudy they change the layout -- whadda they call you ? Mr. monster ? they remodel the place . when I work there -- listen to I -- guy that manage the joint , guy who run it -- ashley Jack . Jack Bangs . rudy right , Jack Bangs . uh ... guy be always talk bout fix the place up . maybe get a better crowd . musta go and do it while I be in the Mountain . ( push map away ) I do not know this map , man . how the hell be I suppose to tell you what door go where ? gabriel they would not have change the security setup . rudy when I work there , this be Bangs , office . back here . he keep a little safe in the ... uh , the wall , money hold take for himself , skim from the Indians . call it the ... uh ... ( stumbling ) ... the powwow safe . jumpy the powwow safe ? rudy his personal safe , he give it a name . now you be tell I they have take he office , put the buffet there ? then who know what else they change . Gabriel stare at he , suspicious . gabriel so what the hell good be you ... rudy you would have to get I inside . ( carefully ) get inside , watch where the money 's move , see where the guard be go . then I could work with you map . gabriel wrong , convict . you walk in there , they recognize you . pug so what ? gabriel they recognize he , they will remember he after the job go down . rudy they will not recognize I . gabriel why not . rudy trust I . they will not recognize I . gabriel we will trust you when we be rich . why not . rudy ' Cause you be gonna get I a disguise . rudy lock eye with Gabriel . rudy I give you the wrong information , you be gonna shoot I . well , I do not know you damn map . so you can either find a way to get I in there ... or you can shoot I right now . a waitress come over , drop they check on the table . it rest near rudy . rudy lock eye with Gabriel . and push the check he way . ext . snowy highway - night the " motor City monster " rumble along a two - lane blacktop . across barren Michigan tundra . a sign read " you be now enter powahachee indian land . no litter . " int . gabriel be rig - cab - night Gabriel drive , with Ashley beside he . rudy sit in the sleeper , jumpy sit guard . out the window they pass a brightly neon - light building , with a parking lot full of car . the tomahawk casino , with a red neon axe point the way . and a marquee which read : " 10x odd on crap . $ 5.95 prime rib . performing tonight : dakota ! " the truck motor on by . Gabriel nod to rudy : gabriel bring back some memory , Nick ? rudy more than you know . ext . knight inn - night a midwestern castle - and -camelot - theme chain hotel , amidst a outcrop of roadside exit civilization : fast food and gas . the great Lakes truck rig park in the hotel 's lot . int . knight inn - hallway - night faux stonemasonry and torch . " regal " purple carpet . Gabriel and he crew escort rudy into -- int . HOTEL room -- he quarter . jumpy march rudy to the bed , snap a handcuff around he ankle -- rudy what the hell be this ? what happen to work together ? -- and snap the other cuff to the bedframe . gabriel Rather be back in the Mountain ? rudy might as well be . gabriel do not have weather Channel in the Mountain , Nick . Gabriel toss he a tv remote . merlin rip the room 's phone out of the wall , take it . they return to the hallway . gabriel sleep good , loverboy . tomorrow you get sing for you supper to do . the trucker leave . rudy tug at he ankle cuff , sigh , collapse back on the bed . Ashley have remain . rudy sit up , see she . rudy get you own room . she approach instead . sit beside . gently : ashley he say he want to talk to you . when he find the letter ... he say " when you boyfriend get out , I wanna talk to he . " I think he mean back in Detroit . I think he mean -- rudy but you know why . knew why , do not ya . Ashley stand she ground , guilty . ashley I think we would have a few more day . rudy for what ? you to talk I into " help " ? what , he promise you a share of the winning ? ashley no ! rudy well , shit , juda , you shoulda at least get that -- ashley Nick ! he want to know how to rob it , and he will leave you alone ! that 's all he want ! ( break down ) I hate he , Nick ... you know how ... rudy so get he outta you life . get out of Michigan . they get perfume counter in Chicago , do not they ? ashley not without you . she reach to touch he . rudy turn he back on she . rudy since when do some trucker pal start think big , anyway ? ashley they run route mostly east , retail stuff , warehouse . but Gabriel know some guy in New York , Miami , guy he help get gun to Detroit . hide them with he regular load . rudy he work for they on this one ? ashley no . he want to be work for himself someday . rudy and I be he ticket . ( consider ) what 's the last place they take down ? ashley what ? rudy Gabriel and he guy . what 's the last place they rob ? Ashley frown . ashley I do not think they have ever rob anything before . I think they have just drive gun . rudy look at she with new interest . rudy they have never do a robbery ? ashley ( shrug ) they be truck driver . for the first time in a long time ... rudy smile . rudy then they do need I , do not they . they really need I ... ashley we be gonna get out of here , Nick . we be gonna get out of this ... rudy we ? what " we " ... rudy stare at she . the smile go . rudy get you own room , Ashley . ashley Nick ... rudy get you own room . Ashley pull away , walk to the door . turn back , want to say something , but rudy 's not even look she way . ashley if I would tell you what he want , you would have be go . you would have get on that bus and stay on it . and if that 's selfish , I be . if that 's lie , I be a liar . but I be deal with fuck - up brother and he fuck - up friend for a long time , and I be stronger than he then and I be stronger than he now . ' Cause he show up for money . I show up for love . ( hard ) and if you be so ready to make I you enemy ... then what do you show up for , Nick . what do you really want ... with I ... with a fiery look , she stride from the room . rudy stand , can not get far cuffed to the bed . check the end table , find a Bible and a deck of card . out he second - floor window be a view of the rear parking lot . rudy watch as a chevy blazer park and two drunk fishermen get out . the truck 's bumper sticker read " Ice fisherman do it all Year Long . " rudy watch the good ol ' boy stumble toward the hotel . he turn back , survey he new prison cell rudy they have never do a robbery ... ( nod ) Christmas be look up . int . rudy's room - morning the bed have be drag to the door to the bathroom , the comforter and pillow be on the floor , " Miracle on 34th St. " be on the tv , and rudy lie asleep on the ground , ankle still cuffed . two shadow fall across he . int . hallway - morning rudy be brusquely drag out by jumpy and merlin , pass Ashley , who lie asleep in the hall , head on a pillow . merlin have romance problem , Romeo ? rudy not with you . they march he onward . rudy glance over he shoulder at Ashley . who spend the night at he door . int . game room - morning a wood - panell room adjacent to a small indoor pool , with arcade game and a dart board . Gabriel 's with pug , toss dart , as jumpy and a chain -smoke merlin haul rudy in . pug goddamn , merlin . there any part of the day you do not smoke ? merlin there anytime you do not get a mouthful of shit ? pug cancer-sucker . merlin acid-chewer . Gabriel thwap a dart into the board , to shut they up . gabriel take a look what pug 's buy for ya . pug empty a shopping bag on a pinball machine . cowboy boot , spur , a black cowboy hat , a black rhinestone jacket and a longhaire wig tumble out . rudy a cowboy . you be go to send I into a indian casino disguise as a cowboy . have you think this entirely through ? gabriel put it on . merlin and jumpy shove rudy toward the merchandise . Gabriel slam another dart into the board , then turn : gabriel you be a country - western singer up from Nashville for the the holiday . visit you grandma on the lake , drive into the tomahawk for some scotch and slot . you only play the slot , you get that ? do not want no dealer friend of yours recognize you , you sidle up to shoot some crap . rudy what kind of half - ass cowboy play the slot ? gabriel you do . rudy at least gimme video poker . gabriel shut the fuck up . you play what you girlfriend play . Ashley 's go in with you . you talk to she , otherwise you do not talk to nobody . you walk the room as many time as you want , but the second you come out , I want to know the run of the place . rudy examine he new hair and cowboy gear . rudy do I get a country - western name ? gabriel you get recognize , convict , you get a country - western funeral . ext . tomahawk casino - day the chevy nova crunch into the parking lot in the shadow of the gaudy neon axe . int . nova - day rudy 's in " disguise " : paste - on goatee , tinted shade and black cowboy gear . very Nashville Network . he 's wedge between jumpy and merlin , wear handcuffs . Gabriel , Ashley and pug in the back . rudy y'know what , guy ? I wake up this morning , I get a really lucky feel go on . I mean it , I be feel that good . I would not be surprised if I walk in there , pull a handle and hit jackpot . Hell , we would not even have to -- gabriel get out . ext . parking lot - continuous rudy stamp foot , shiver in the cold , as merlin unlock he cuff . Gabriel reach to help Ashley out -- ashley get you goddamn hand off I -- she edge toward rudy , then stop . a chill still there . gabriel you get one hour . rudy I be gonna need some money . Gabriel hand a bill . rudy ten dollar ? what do I do with ten dollar ? gabriel do not tip . rudy monster . if we be work together here , we gotta be work together . I can not walk in there look like the Lone Fucking Ranger with ten buck to throw down . you do not want I get notice , right ? not get notice cost a guy at least a couple hundred . Gabriel glare , turn to he crew . mutter , rub he finger together . merlin , pug and jumpy reach for they wallet , grumble . Gabriel take a few twenty from each . rudy nod thanks as Gabriel hand he the cash -- gabriel ( threateningly ) do not. lose . rudy pocket the wad , hook he elbow for Ashley to slip she arm through . grin with a drawl : rudy you ready to gamble , darlin' ? she regards he warily , but put she arm in he . rudy ( to the boy ) y'all take care of my guitar . he tip he hat , and stride for the casino entrance . Gabriel and he trucker watch they go . merlin ( grumble ) who 's robbin ' who here , Gabriel ... gabriel get in there and watch them . watch they every fuckin ' move . int . tomahawk casino - day the cascade of jingling and jangling coin fill the brightly light , horrendously - carpete space . wooden -beam ceiling suggest a rustic theme , but the neon slot , lush green table and red wheel of fortune be pure Midwest Vegas . the tomahawk be tiny by nevada standard , about the size of a large bingo hall . this morning , about fifty gambler mill about . skimpily - dress cocktail waitress , most of they powahachee Indians , pimp drink . bore dealer deal . as the sound of slot machine payoff suddenly go silent -- int . jack bang ' office - day close on stereo system and some scattered cassettes , label " Big winner , " " Little winner , " and " medium Cash . " a hand pop the tape currently in the system -- " Big , big winner " and flip it over . press play . the sound of jingling and jangling return . on full scene a office overlook the casino floor through smoke glass . jack bang , late 50' , silver - hair , cap tooth , shark suit and high blood pressure , pace he office . he 's get the air of a wash - up gameshow host , wink martindale , Peter tommarkin , one of that hack . right now he 's all caffeine . jack bang there 's a s-word I would really like to throw in the discussion here , guy , cause it 's a big part of what 's go on . Big element , ' kay ? s-word . it 's a serious issue , serious factor , so I be just gonna get it out there , throw it a out there , so we can know it , we can talk about it , we can get thing do ... ( big pause ) snow . be you with I , guy ? snow . Big time , fuck , grade -a , God - quality , s-n-o -w -snow . two indian governor sit before he . Business - dress , with overcoat , ponytail . one gray-haire , one jet-black . jack bang there 's no snow in Vegas , ' kay ? they do not know it , they do not want it , they get law against the stuff . they get Egypt down there , right , they get monte Carlo , Hawaii , they get ancient Rome , but where 's the Winter Castle , right ? where 's the swiss miss chalet ? where 's the Big Fucking igloo ? young governor we understand you , Mr. Bangs . jack bang capade ? they do not do it . mitten ? outlaw . why ? young governor we be aware of you position . jack bang ( pick up a chip ) because down there this be money . up here this be heat . ( plead ) you want Vegas quality , I bring it to you . you want Vegas press , I give it to you . but guy , please , guy ... I can not get you Vegas profit ... till one of ya do some spirit dance and do something about this snow . the tribal governor stare he down . old governor we understand the paiute ' casino see a net profit of twelve million dollar last year . jack bang the paiute , they cook they book . old governor the waitela reservation make seventeen million . jack bang ( sober ) seventeen ? old governor perhaps you have research this , Mr. Bangs . be the snowfall on we side of the lake that much great than the snowfall on theirs ? Jack Bangs stare at they both . consider he next move -- jack bang I be bring in this great showroom act next week ; this three Russian girl , they look like meryl streep , they can juggle anything . young governor Mr. Bangs . jack bang guy . we be do it right , here . $ 5.99 prime rib ? nobody do that in Michigan . nobody . young governor the tribe be concerned that many of you ... new idea be not result in any new venue . jack bang I be put liquor in the drink , I be give 10 - time odd on crap , I get the girl show sixteen - percent more skin ! show I another buffet 's gonna offer you Coke and pepsi ! whaddya want I to do ?! young governor we want to see we casino make money again , Mr. Bangs . make money for we community . old governor like the paiute and the waitela . the young man stand , stare Jack Bangs in the eye . young governor we want you do the job ... that we bring you here to do . int . tomahawk - day rudy and Ashley move away from a change booth , with a bucket of quarter . rudy mess with he cowboy getup , note two security guard punch a code in a private door , step inside : ashley so do it look a lot different ? rudy here and there . Restaurant , uh , that 's the main expansion . tables have be move around ; the big man 's office , I dunno , might be upstairs now . they settle at a slot machine . another security guard walk past they . rudy turn he back . Ashley notice . ashley that guy know you ? rudy yeah , uh . Mike . that 's Mike . at the door , merlin and jumpy enter , wander through the slot . rudy see they . rudy you start spend you brother 's money . I be gonna take a circuit around the joint , check for any new in and out . I will snag we some drink . as he stride away -- ashley ( sotto ) be careful , Nick ... moving through the casino with rudy , amble among the table , make a show of check out the layout . in reality , he 's surveying the gambler . pass the cage , he walk right by Jack Bangs and the indian governor . Jack Bangs be all smile , while the governor turn they back a he and storm out . arriving at the bar rudy couple rum and coke , please . indian bartender you want that rum and Coke or rum and pepsi ? rudy give he a strange look . the bartender shrug . rudy still scan the table , settling on -- a blackjack table where a trio of college kide be forking over chip . one of they 's dark - haire with a goatee , a sweatshirt and jeans . rudy study this kid for moment . jack bang ( o.s. ) gimme a goddamn bottle of anything . back at the bar Jack Bangs sidle up , distraught . the barkeep hand he a bottle . Bangs take a swig . jack bang I can not go back to Vegas , bear . they will fuckin ' kill I , ' kay ? I can not go back ... bartender what do the tribe want ? jack bang they want gold - paved road be what they want . talk ' bout the fuckin' paiute . fuckin ' paiute be on the interstate . nothing I can do about that , man , I do not pick the spot for you reservation . bartender neither do we . jack bang yeah , yeah , whatever . rudy get he drink , as Jack Bangs turn he way : jack bang hey . hey , cowboy . Jack Bangs , I run the place . Nice to have you in the tomahawk . tell I something ... rudy wince , glance to see merlin and jumpy watch he . frown on they face . jack bang ... do upstate Michigan need another roadside casino or do upstate Michigan need a international game destination ? rudy ( want outta here ) roadside casino ? Jack Bangs , smile fall flat . jack bang well , so how would you hear about this place , then . word-of-mouth ? mass mailing ? cable tv ? rudy prison . jack bang prison ?! rudy shrug , smile , take off with he drink . Bangs look sick , turn to a fat guy on the next stool over . but before he can ask , the guy shake he head -- fat guy I just stop in to use the can . Bangs turn to the bartender , put he head in he hand : jack bang I can not go back to Vegas , bear ... I can not ... from the slot , we hear a jackpot payoff . jack bang aw fuck . through the table walk rudy , as merlin sidle up next to he : merlin what the hell be that about -- rudy he do not recognize I . back off , willya ? he do not recognize I . merlin eye he darkly , but let he walk on into the slot . as he near Ashley , he glance to the blackjack table , where the College kid have leave ... head for the bathroom -- ashley hey Nick ! we be up fifty cent ! -- and as a barely - dress cocktail waitress cross between rudy and Ashley , block she view of he -- rudy pretend to crash into she , splash the rum and Coke into he own face -- rudy heyyyy ! reaching Ashley , he goatee be drip -- ashley Nick , what happen -- rudy there go my ... damn ... well , do not seem like security 's all that switch ... ash , shit , this mustache be start to fall off . I gotta fix this thing -- ( hand she he glass ) -- drink this for I . he hustle for the bathroom . a moment later , jumpy storm by . stop at Ashley . jumpy what happen ? ashley he start lose he hair . int . casino bathroom - day the College kid be zipping up when rudy slam into he back , money in hand , crash he against the wall : rudy hundre buck to wear this jacket -- college kid Jesus , man , do not kill I ! rudy nobody 's kill you , kid . Santa 's give you a rhinestone jacket and a hundred buck . int . tomahawk same merlin 's at a slot machine , watch the hall to the bathroom . a waitress arrive , hand he a beer : merlin thanks , sister . how be ya . waitress fuckin ' freezing . merlin Hell yeah . you work here long ? waitress five year . since it open . merlin how long ago be you makeover ? waitress my what ?! merlin no , the place . the remodeling . move everything around . the waitress frown . waitress the tomahawk 's look the same since I start , mister . ( shrug ) only the loser change . merlin stare at she . then drop he drink to the floor , charge for the bathroom . int . bathroom as merlin crash in , see the cowboy hat and jacket , back turn , adjust a belt . as the figure turn around . it 's the College kid . merlin stop in he track -- -- as rudy crash into he from a stall , kick he leg out , drive he throat into a countertop . merlin hit the ground , gag . rudy wear the kid 's sweatshirt : rudy go ! go ! the College kid , shaking , hustle out the door . int . tomahawk - continuous as the College kid , in rudy 's black getup , stride out of the bathroom hall , walk for the casino exit . from the slot , Ashley and jumpy glance up , see he go . from they vantage , it look like rudy . they frown . as they be watch the kid hit the door , rudy dart out of the hall , head the other way . ext . parking lot / int . nova Gabriel and pug sit sentry , see the cowboy figure leave the casino . wander into- the parking lot ... away from they . gabriel where the hell 's he go ? pug where the hell 's you sister ? as the figure unlock the driver 's door of a tran be -- gabriel get he ! pug revs the engine , speed through the lot , cut off the tran be from back away . Gabriel jump out , haul the cowboy from he car and see it 's the College kid . rudy 's go . college kid ( scared shitless ) oh man . it 's you jacket , be not it ... int . tomahawk merlin stumble out of the bathroom , hold he throat . catch jumpy and Ashley 's eye from the slot : jumpy trouble . int . casino kitchen as rudy charge toward cook , hold a buffet plate aloft -- rudy medium rare ?! you call this medium rare ??!! -- hand they the plate , hurry past they , and out the -- ext . rear of casino - day -- to the back of the building . in he steal clothes , he charge across the staff parking area and into the snowy expanse of meadow beyond . running for a thicket of winter wood . ext . parking lot merlin and jumpy stride out to join Gabriel and pug . Ashley follow , stumbling to keep up . gabriel where the hell do he go ? merlin monster . there never be a structure change . this place be build the same from day one . pug that motherfucker -- merlin and monster ... he be talk with the casino manager . Nick be talk to he . Gabriel darken . gabriel get. him. back . ext . snowy meadow - day rudy race as best he can through the wave of snow . he keep struggle , lose he foot , fight he way toward the cover of tree . from far away ... ashley ( o.s. ) Nick ! run! run !!! rudy turn back to see merlin , jumpy and pug round into view back at the parking lot . they see he . and charge into the snowfield . rudy break into the tree . ext . parking lot Gabriel push Ashley into the nova and peal out of the parking lot . onto reservation road . ext . wood - on chase - day rudy dart among barren oak and brush pine , crunching deeper into snowdrift , slow he down . stumble forward , shiver , breath frosting -- -- as merlin , jumpy and pug reach the treeline . gain but struggle too . with gun hold . rudy keep battle through the drift -- -- as gunshot start to ring out . rudy glance back to rest ; the trucker be a hundred yard distant . but as he turn to struggle on , treebark split apart beside he . rudy keep run . int . nova bounce over a snowy dirt road , have find a shortcut into the wood . Gabriel search the tree , Ashley too . ext . wood merlin , jumpy and pug keep up they steady march . rudy 's run figure now only fifty yard distant . merlin you keep run , Nick ! keep run now ! can not keep warm if you do not keep run ! we will just be right back here ... keep track of you trail . angle to show merlin 's stride right in rudy 's bootprint . pug fire off two shot . they kick up snow just behind rudy , struggle , panting ... merlin ( o.s. ) wherever you run ... we will get there . fast as you want ... we will be there . we drive for a live , Nick . twelve , fifteen , twenty - hour day . rudy 's anguish , ducking behind some pine , try to brush away he footprint . realize it 's useless . a bullet whistle through the pine branch . merlin ( o.s. ) we get nothing but time . rudy take a breath , crash onward -- -- then stop at the sound of a rumbling . get louder . closer . it 's a car 's engine . rudy spin for the source , focus , and manage to make out a snow - cover dirt road fifty yard away , down a swale . another bullet smashes treebark . rudy run for it . ext . wooded road - day as rudy leap out to wave down the car , as around the corner come a chevy nova -- -- with Gabriel and Ashley inside . Gabriel 's eye widen , he floor the gas , racing right for rudy . rudy scamper toward the opposite roadside , a steep wood slope cradling a meadow and freeze river -- ashley no !!! -- as Ashley grab Gabriel 's steering wheel , swerving the other way . Gabriel fight she for control -- -- as the nova just miss rudy , who dive off the road , hit the slope and tumble head - over-heel toward its bottom , a hundred foot down , kick up geyser of snow ! on the road , the nova skid to a stop . Ashley and Gabriel leap out , as merlin , jumpy and pug reach the road . at the slope's bottom rudy pop to he foot , a daze snowball . back up at the road Gabriel grab a rifle from the nova , step to the slope - top edge and take aim -- ashley run !!! -- as Ashley suddenly slam into he from behind -- send the both of they tumble down the slope ! slide and tangle , the rifle fly from Gabriel 's grasp -- to the bottom -- where they come to a tangle , snowy halt . Gabriel struggle to clear the ice from he face -- -- as the butt of he rifle crack he in the jaw . rudy that 's for read she mail . he extend a hand to Ashley -- rudy come on . -- and haul she to she foot . Ashley beam . as Gabriel howl , the two of they scramble away from the wood , rudy with the rifle , toward the meadow and its freeze pond . more gunshot ring as merlin , jumpy and pug slide they way down the ravine . ext . frozen river - continuous rudy and Ashley race out across the ice . the traction 's slippery , but there 's no way around . there 's a highway bridge two hundred yard away , with sparse truck traffic . rudy we get to the bridge , we be all right ! ashley Nick , the ice be -- rudy get to the bridge ! ( wave at traffic ) hey ! hey ! down here ! he grip she hand tighter , as shot crash into the ice at they foot . suddenly , the ground splinter and give way -- -- and Ashley go plummete through to the river ! she vanish from sight in a instant ! rudy scramble back , onto sturdy ice . he stare , stunne , at the ripple in the freezing water . Ashley 's not come up . rudy look to the trucker in pursuit . come down the ridge . then the highway . Safety within sight . but he can not run . cursing himself , he grip the rifle tightly and leap into the ice-hole -- ext . river beneath the ice -- plummete underwater , the temperature hit he body like needle . he writhes , spin around -- -- and see Ashley ten yard away , desperately pound at the ice above she . strength give out . rudy struggle to she , wrapping a arm around she . she fight , panicked , claw at the ice , both of they pull further away from the open . with Ashley safely in hand , rudy raise he rifle - arm , press the barrel against the ice above they -- -- and fire . a hole blast a shaft of light into the gray - blue . rudy fire again . another hole cave in . Ashley reach for a sheath of ice , splash -- to the surface -- clutching freeze ground , tread water . rudy surface beside she , the both of they gasp , face the bridge . instinctively , they spin around -- to find gabriel , merlin , jumpy and pug -- stand right behind they . gun train . gabriel ( rub he jaw ) at the rate you be go , Nick ... I be gonna have a hard time ever consider you family . he extend he hand , a gesture of help . but menace . gabriel how lucky ya feel now . CUT to : int . gabriel be rig - day pitch black . we can barely make out a huddle , fetal form , quaking and tremble . it 's rudy . dripping wet , on the verge of hypothermia . try to stay conscious : rudy i- I - I - I have n-n- no g-g-gift to br - br-bring , pa rum-p-p -p -p -p ( struggle ) ... pum - pum-pum . n- n- no treasure for the k-k -k ( wait ) ... king . the trailer door swing open , crash harsh light upon he . he squint into the light , shiver madly . rudy pa-rum-pum-pum-pum . int . knight inn game room - day Gabriel be hurl dart again , focus , expressionless . bullseye . merlin and jumpy haul rudy in . he collapse at Gabriel 's foot , unable to stand . still tremble . a couple kide scamper into the doorway -- merlin game room 's close . -- and merlin slam the door in they face . Gabriel hurl another bullseye , then retrieve he dart from the board . gabriel a for effort , Nick , honestly , a for effort and a honorary degree . I be surprised you never escape from the Mountain . rudy ( tooth chatter ) ...never ... try ... gabriel Nick , here 's what we be gonna do . in the spirit of the season , I be go to give you a chance . I understand you be unhappy . right outta the lockup , here against you will , it 's the holiday and there 's rerun on tv. ( beat ) so we be gonna have a contest . Gabriel stride back to he , with two dart . gabriel we be each go to get one of this . whichever one of we hit closer to the bullseye ... get what he want . ( beat ) you land closer , you get Ashley . and you guy get to go free . I land closer ... and we start get you help . he lift rudy 's shaking hand , put a dart in it . rudy 's finger be half - freeze , they do not bend . Gabriel have to wedge it in . gabriel May the best sportsman win . Gabriel turn to the board , ten foot away , and toss he dart . it thunks in the " 13 " wedge of the outermost ring . gabriel damn . he step aside for rudy . rudy struggle to raise he hand , tremble badly . he focus on the board , tooth chatter , try to reposition he finger , rear back and throw -- -- except the dart remain in he freeze grip . he bring he icy hand back , try to move he finger . and the dart finally tumble out and hit the floor at he foot . Gabriel smile , step close . gabriel get something to say to I , Nick ? rudy ...ttt..tt ... two out of three ? Gabriel grab he jacket and hurl he backward . rudy crash into a chair , flanke by video game . gabriel what would you tell that casino manager ? rudy nnn ... nothing ... gabriel you be talk to he ! what would you tell he !? rudy nothing ... I promise-nothing ... gabriel maybe something about a robbery ? rudy no ! Gabriel spin to the dartboard , pull out a fistful and wheel . he whistle a dart at rudy 's head . it smack the wall beside he ear . he whistle another . it trunk right above he head . a third hit the wall by he chin . rudy he think I be some gambler ... he do not know I ... he do not recognize I ! gabriel I be drive rig a long time , Nick . four , five million mile of road . worked for people who would not keep I on less I be drive fifteen hour a day . tell them I need sleep , I need rest , shit , they will hire someone else ... Gabriel fling another dart . just miss rudy 's other ear . gabriel ... dispatcher 's scream for I to haul ass , he 's get a load on the runback for I . shipper 's make I wait for the pickup , receiver 's bitching ' bout the count ... another dart nail the wall , right through rudy 's hair . gabriel ... get the cop at the bottom of every mountain , get the dot at the top . and every day , every day , I see all that face in they little airbag hot wheel , mom and pop and jam - face kiddie , give I that look to go to hell and get off they happy goddamn highway . hey . they do not gotta get two thousand mile by sundown , or the gang do not eat come sunrise . Gabriel stride to rudy , sit stock -still , he head ringed by dart . stare he down . gabriel it 's time for I ... to be work for I . I want mine , Nick . and I need you . ( frightening calm ) do you tell you manager there 's gonna be a robbery ? rudy no , Gabriel ... no ... Gabriel pull the dart free . back away again . rudy ...he ... he ask I ... how I would hear about he place ... he do not know it be I ... gabriel raise a dart to throw rudy I promise you he didn't know it be I ! -- and then lower it . believe he 's get a reprieve , rudy relax , he shiver come under control . rudy man , monster ... just ... just do not start try to hit I ... gabriel Nick . I be try to hit you . Gabriel rear back and whistle another dart . it plug into rudy 's chest . rudy scream . Gabriel fire another , skewer he in the rib . then a third , fourth and fifth . rudy howl in pain , he body too numb to defend itself . five dart protrude from he chest , colorful plastic feathering and spread rivulet of blood . gabriel maybe that will help sharpen you memory . Gabriel stalk close . gabriel tonight we be gonna take another look at that map . and this time you be gonna tell I what I need to know . int . rudy's room - day rudy get hurl inside by merlin and jumpy . he hit the floor beside the bed , where Ashley sit prisoner . pug sit guard , watch " how the grinch stole Christmas " on tv . ashley Nick ! Jesus , Nick -- she fall to he side . merlin cuff rudy 's ankle again to the bedframe . he and jumpy head out -- merlin pug. pug 's engross in the cartoon . they be sing in whoville . merlin pug ! pug snap to . shut off the tv , spit some chaw on the floor and go . rudy and Ashley be leave alone . ashley Nick , oh my God , what would he do to you ? what would he do ? she touch he bloody chest . rudy wince badly . rudy he have some point to make ... Ashley help pull he shirt off , see the wound : ashley Jesus Christ , stay here , do not move , stay right here -- rudy ( near-delirium ) all I want ... be to make it home ... for a little of dad 's turkey , and Mom 's stuff ... aunt lisbeth 's acorn gravy ... aunt Mary 's cranberry bun ... Ashley have leapt to the bathroom . she bring wet washcloth back to clean and dress -- ashley we will get there , baby ... we will get there ... rudy ... have not have cranberry bun ... in five whole year ... ashley shh , now . Rest now . two year , Nick . you have not have cranberry bun in two year . she kiss he softly . rudy meet she eye . stare to get he bearing back ... ashley you save my life . ( beat ) you could have run , but you do not . you save I . rudy you save I . ashley I save you because I love you , nick. ( smile ) why would you save I ? rudy study she hopeful face , attend to he wound . still weak and distant : rudy guy I be in with ... car thief ... I use to read you letter to he . I know they be private ... I know , but ... you spend twenty - four hour a day with somebody , you gotta talk , y'know ? you gotta share . or the room get even smaller . ( beat ) and sometimes , I would be read they , and he would close he eye , get a smile on he face ... and I would know somewhere inside he be pretend you be write to he -- he would see you face , you picture on the wall ... ( beat ) some night I think he fall in love with you , too . rudy touch a hand to she hair . rudy you give a couple guy hope , Ashley . and with hope , there be not nothing you can not survive . Ashley stare , touch , still knead the cloth into he chest . rudy struggle up , he face level with hers . she kiss he tenderly . linger . and this time rudy respond , mouth seek , work down she neck . her eye flutter close . ashley I be sorry , Nick ... I be so sorry ... rudy do not say my name ... ashley I love you , Nick ... rudy ash . do not say it . do not say my name . Ashley hesitates . carefully stroke he chest . he 's still kissing she , softly , still somewhat delirious . ashley ( a small frown ) I love you ... as he return to she lip , mouth join . Ashley 's eye close again , as they fold into each other ... ... and move slowly , tenderly , back to the floor . ext . knight inn HOTEL - dusk a bitter cold sunset . through a room 's window , rudy and Ashley lie tangle in sheet on the carpet . int . rudy's room Ashley nestle against he . rudy stare skyward . hard . rudy they will have gun . ashley what ? rudy you say they have run gun , in they truck . so they will have gun . to do this robbery . they will have serious gun . ashley I do not know ... rudy we will need one . Ashley frown . there 's a new look in rudy 's eye . rudy I be go to have to be inside that casino . when it happen . I will need to be part of it . I can not just be draw some map . ashley Nick , what be you talk about ? rudy we need to find a way to make I part of it . ashley part of ... with they ? rudy meet she eye . rudy if we be help they with they robbery , we be gonna be do more than just walk away . like that 's some Christmas bonus . he nod , scheme the way he 's always know . rudy you want he outta you life ? you want a real New Year to look forward to ? ( bravely ) if we be gonna do this ... we be gonna do it to get it all . int . knight inn restaurant - night a medieval - theme biergarten . a happy family of five sit at a booth , sing along to " good King wencelas . " in the booth beside , merlin and pug be hold court . merlin 's puffing smoke ring . pug watch dully , chew : pug knew a guy in joliet , smoke ten pack a day like you . his lung get so black they could not find them with a x-ray . merlin that right ? shit . I use to run rig for a guy love you chaw there . shit rotted out he tongue , have to build he one outta silicon so the poor boy could talk . you ever see a motherfucker with a silicon fuck tongue ? the happy family stop sing . pug consider , spit a wad . pug Hell . the guy from joliet , that black - ass lung be the least of he problem . get so much smoke in he he lung could not even hold it . get into he system , man . into he blood . come out he ear , man , come out he eye . guy'd be walk the row , smoke would be puffing out he skin . the happy family trade discomfite look . merlin shrug , take another drag . merlin this trucker ? met a girl in a bar one night , she do not know he situation . he 's drunk , she 's drunk , they get to mackin ' hot and heavy and the woman swallow it . his tongue . suck it right down . pug my guy would walk into a room , set off the goddamn sprinkler . merlin his lip go next . you ever see some silicon- fuck - lip ? the happy family flee they booth . pug and merlin glance over . and grab they leftover . rifling the grub : merlin ( with disgust ) vegetarian ... behind they , Gabriel and jumpy file into the biergarten , lead rudy and Ashley to the booth . meeting commence . rudy , batter and freezer - burnt , get shove in first . Gabriel throw down the casino map : gabriel start sing . rudy I have no gift to bring , pa-rumpum - pum- pum gabriel sing it in picture , Nick . rudy take the map , glance at Ashley , and then take charge . for the first time , he 's give the order : rudy what you gotta worry about first be the guard . place do not look much richer than when I work there , so let 's figure you be gonna have to deal with ten of them . there will be two on the floor , walk the room , that leave eight up above . eye in the sky . they see something up , they be the one who will hit the silent alarm and you be fuck . merlin how do we take they out ? rudy you gotta get someone upstairs . merlin how do we do that ? rudy take the map , point to the game table area : rudy across from blackjack , there 's a security doorway . keypad access . gabriel what 's the code ? rudy uh ... they change it every month . I would not know . ( beat ) if there 's trouble on the floor , you will get security come through . what you gotta do , be get inside that doorway once they do . you gotta draw them out . pug without have they hit the alarm . rudy I get a idea on that one . once you be up there , you gotta hold that guard down till some backup can get there . there 's a security camera room that videotape everything . you have gotta destroy every last one of that tape . merlin what about the money ? rudy you lock down security , you move behind the cage . you hit the Count room . there will be a guy in there but he 's get no gun ; room 's access by another code . cashier will know it . they will have alarm . jumpy what about the powwow safe ? rudy what ? jumpy the powwow safe . the secret safe . you say the manager 's get a safe in he office where he hide skim money . rudy oh. right. yeah . that 's , uh upstairs . uh. here. powwow safe . his confident manner waver . Gabriel notice , narrow he eye . rudy quickly grab the map again : rudy so . you be gonna need a man through here , two man at the cage , one to cover the count . you be gonna need a lookout outside , a sweeper through the back , and a gun guard the front . ( beat ) you need six . gabriel we get five . put Ashley outside . rudy you need six . Gabriel eye he darkly . gabriel no . rudy you go in with five , you be either leave a alarm free or a exit free . someone hit a alarm , you be fuck . someone get to a phone , get outside , ' cross the street , whatever , you be fuck . you need six . ( nod ) six be I . gabriel no . rudy you guy get catch , I go away for good . I get a interest in make sure you do not . you need a sixth man cover a exit . what be you gonna do about it . ashley yeah . what be you gonna do about it . she put a arm around rudy , smile . that 's she man . gabriel I want a map of that security level . every room , every guard , every thing . rudy six man mean six gun . gabriel no way . rudy I be no threat without a gun . gabriel no , you be not . rudy there will be people in that casino . I can not keep they from leave if I do not get a gun . I do not need bullet , monster ... but I gotta be a threat . ashley what 's the matter , Gabriel ? this be what you want he for , be not it ? Gabriel 's eye do not leave rudy 's . gabriel no gun . rudy well . what you guy have to plan out , then ... be how you be go to get to that cage and that security level before anybody realize anything 's wrong . running in with ski mask and bullet fly be not gonna do it . gabriel that part , Nick ... be plan out the day I read you letter . rudy what . we all gonna dress up like cowboy ? gabriel not cowboy , Nick . not cowboy . Gabriel smile . gabriel not on Christmas Eve . int . gabriel be rig - trailer - night close on storage locker pull open to reveal five santa claus suit , hang side - by-side . Red polyester coat and pants , white feel trim and black buckle , black boot and red cap . widen to reveal trailer as Gabriel lift a Santa Claus suit and press it against rudy . Ashley , merlin , jungy and pug look on . rudy you gotta be kid I . gabriel ' tis the season , convict . he put the suit back in the locker , pull another . find rudy 's size . gabriel can not be attract attention , right ? rudy what , we walk in there and deliver toy ? he turn to see merlin open another locker . this one stack with rifle , carbine and handgun . merlin Hell yeah . int . rudy's room - night close on sketch of a floor plan , a sheet of paper overlaid on Gabriel 's map of the casino . a pencil draw a boxy room and label it " Security video room . " then a eraser wipe it out . widen to reveal rudy still cuffed to the bedframe , pull close to a desk . he 's sit , work on the security level map . the door open ; Ashley enter , look worried : ashley he want to see you map . rudy I be almost do . ashley he say he want it now . rudy if he want a photographic memory , he shoulda kidnap one . I be work on it here . Ashley walk over , put she arm around he neck . whisper : ashley how be we gonna do this , Nick ? rudy you be the getaway girl . the money 's gonna get to you eventually . gonna be my job to be the guy who walk outta there with it . but I can not do that without a gun . any luck talk to he ? ashley bullet or no bullet , he will not do it . rudy be there any way you could get into he truck ? ashley no . rudy we need a gun , ash . we need a gun ... rudy study he map , then quickly pencil in the " Security video room , " in a totally different place than he draw it before . hand the paper to she . rudy here 's the Picasso . be he in he room ? ashley they all be . football 's on . rudy ( nod , think ) keep them there for a little while . Ashley take the map , frown . rudy kiss she gently . rudy we be gonna get you out of Detroit , ash . get you out of beauty and fragrance . ( smile , then ) remember that . after all this be over , when you know I , when you really know I ... remember it be I . she search he eye , not quite understanding . but smile . rudy smile back , nod toward the door . Ashley slip out . when she 's go , rudy stand and turn to the window . outside , the blazer with the " Ice fisherman do it all Year Long " bumper sticker still sit park . rudy reach for he jeans pocket , and pull out - one of the game room dart , fleck with blood . he give it a solemn stare int . rudy room - moment l&amp ; ter - night rudy lie on he back , under the bed frame , dart in hand . he tear off the plastic feathering , to get at the cross -shape end , furthest - from the tip . four protrude metal edge . he find the Phillips screw on the bedframe , and try to work the dart - end into the groove . it scrape and jag , but with pressure he 's able to do a quarter - turn at a time . the screw start spiraling out . angle on bedframe as two metal piece split apart , and rudy wriggle he ankle handcuff off the frame . angle on closet as rudy 's hand grab a paper - cover wire hanger and rip the paper off , untwist the wire . angle on room window as rudy slide it open , and climb outside . ext . knight inn parking lot - night Light snow fall . rudy drop from the second floor window into some snowy shrub and a empty parking space . he stealthily dart ahead to the ice fisherman 's blazer . at the fishermen' blazer rudy peer in the window , spot fishing rod , tackle and gear box in the back seat . he take he wire coat hanger , now stretch straight , and slip it between the driver 's window and mould , jam it around until it trip the door lock . the lock pop up ; rudy pop in -- int . blazer -- and raid the gear box . bait , reel , fishing wire . bone knife . a compass . a first aid kit . a switchblade . rudy gun , gun , c'mon , boy like you gotta be keep a gun ... he rustle around in the backseat . Ice cooler , open bag of pork rind , another gear box . nothing . some headlight sweep past the blazer . rudy duck down , pocket the switchblade . munch some pork rind . ext . parking lot rudy scramble out , head to try another car , a pickup truck . and then suddenly drop to the ground , see merlin and jumpy stride outside , talk casually , kick snow on they way toward the nova . voice too low to hear . on scene rudy crouch behind the pickup , slip around the other side . merlin and jumpy walk right by he . rudy criss -cross through the parking lot , hide by car , head away from he room 's window . his window . rudy glance back to see if the trucker notice that , but they do not seem to . they stand at the nova , talk . rudy shiver , wait . they be not leave . when they back turn , rudy dash twenty foot to the cover of the building . he slip around the corner , out of sight . around the side of the HOTEL rudy hop through snowdrift , press to the wall , move toward a side entry -- -- when he stop , hearing a woman 's laughter . above he head be a row of window . reflection of rippling water on the ceiling inside . it 's the hotel pool behind this wall . sound of splashes . murmured voice . rudy stand absolutely still . his breath stop frosting . because he breathe have stop . int . halllway to indoor pool - night rudy creep down the darken hall , past a sign that read " Pool close . open 9 be to 9 pm , no lifeguard on duty . " rudy step closer , back to a wall , stand in shadow . the small pool become visible , flicker blue water . from a unseen end , a figure splashes backwards into view -- it 's Ashley . Hair wet , naked beneath the surface . smiling and splash someone offscreen -- ashley ... and he 's say " we be not gonna help he just to walk away . if we be gonna help he ... we be gonna get it all ... she splashes again . taunting -- ashley ... he want to help now , he want to rob it now we could probably stay right here , he would go on and rob it by himself -- as Gabriel step into view , also undress , move toward she in the pool . gabriel he want the money . ashley no , baby . he want I . Gabriel reach she , put he arm around she . she smile . ashley he want ... you " sister " ... gabriel ... whoever she be . and they kiss , entwine together , reflection and ripple . a steamy embrace . ashley Nick mason 's gonna help we more than we ever dream . angle on rudy in the shadow , hearing they . stare into darkness . in the pool Gabriel turn with Ashley , wrap together . move slow . gabriel all that letter be about to pay off , baby ... all that letter ... ashley to all that con ... gabriel search for a money man ... ashley we musta write what , twenty of them ? and they be before this guy . one , two letter apiece , ten to the racetrack guy in Leavenworth -- gabriel -- till he fuck he parole -- ashley -- plus the forty to mason ... how many letter be that ? gabriel that 's a book , baby . ( press closer ) that 's a book of love . they kiss again . Gabriel stroke she wet hair : gabriel I can not take watch you touch he . I can not take he hand on you . ashley one more day , baby . one more day to Christmas . gabriel I have be do good , though . ashley do not have to hit I so fuck hard . do not have to throw I outta the goddamn truck . gabriel do not have to send I down a fuck mountain . ashley what , he should see I help you catch he ? on rudy still in the shadow , welling with betrayal . ashley ( o.s. ) he 's show we the setup , he 's draw we the map , he 's help we do the plan . he want a gun , give he a gun . take the bullet out , whatever , but give he the gun . the more manpower we have get in there , the better . he will not try and make he move till the money 's in hand . gabriel ( o.s. ) he will be dead when he do . back in the pool Gabriel and Ashley rock slowly , couple , in the water . gabriel y'know something , baby ? if you be my sister ? I would still want to wake up Christmas morning with you ... ashley mmm , baby . and I would still want to be the tinsel round you tree ... and as they word turn to moan and murmur ... in the shadow rudy be go . int . first floor hallway - night rudy stride a corridor , eye dead ahead , pass a stairwell on he way toward the " exit " sign post above a door . he 's almost there , march fast -- rudy here 's my present to you , truck driver -- as the exit door open merlin ( o.s. ) where the hell 's Gabriel ? -- and rudy dive to the stairwell , out of sight just as merlin and jumpy stride back inside . jumpy with he girlfriend . make up for " Nick " time . I be go down to the bar , you want something ? merlin get I a brew . I be gonna check on we convict . they separate , jumpy down the hall , merlin to the stair -- int . stairwell merlin trudge upward , while rudy step from hide one flight down . check the hall for jumpy , then race out -- ext . parking lot - night rudy slam out the side door , scramble straight for the same blazer . he jimmy the lock again , leap in , tear free the engine panel and search for ignition wire like a pro . strip the plastic , try to spark contact -- rudy catch , dammit , catch ! like riding a bike , it 's like riding a bike ! but there 's nothing . the engine will not start . int . stairwell merlin reach the second floor , step into the hall . ext . parking lot rudy jump from the blazer , look at the lot , the highway , the wood . his own footprint in the dusting snow . rudy how far you gonna get , rudy ... realizing the answer , rudy look to he room 's window . forced to race back . he try clamber the wall , stand a shrubbery , but he can not reach . he whirl , desperate . and he eye find the blazer . int . second floor hall merlin amble the corridor . approach rudy 's room . ext . parking lot rudy fling open the blazer door , slam the emergency brake down . force the gearshift into " reverse . " int . second floor hall merlin reach rudy 's door . search he pocket for the key . ext . parking lot rudy dart to the front of the blazer , slip and slide on asphalt ice . he drop to he knee , push on the front bumper . the wheel start to move . int . second floor hall merlin find a room key . put it in the lock . turn the handle but the door will not open . merlin check the key . merlin my room . ext . parking lot the blazer start to roll backwards , toward the snowy shrub ringing the building . headed for the empty parking space below rudy 's window . rudy keep push . the blazer pick up speed , roll on its own . int . second floor hall merlin search he pocket again , find the right key . ext . parking lot the blazer roll toward the building . rudy scramble to he foot , run after it , leap he leave foot onto the bumper , the right foot onto the hood , then onto the roof -- -- get two roof -step worth of run start -- -- as the blazer slow to a rest against the snowy shrub -- -- and rudy dive into the air , torpedoing himself right through the window to he room -- int . rudy's room -- where he crash headlong to the floor , turn a somersault and landing sprawle across the carpet . int . second floor hall the key in the lock , merlin hear the crash -- int . rudy's room -- and as merlin open the door , he find rudy sit calmly on the floor , ankle - cuff lock once again to the bedframe . spread a deck of card out before he . start a game of solitaire . he look up . rudy hey . merlin frown , take a suspicious look around the room . the window 's open . rudy continue he card game . merlin watch he for a long time . then pull the door shut . once he 's go , rudy collapse to the floor . breathe hard , heart pound . the card go fly . int . rudy's room - moment later the light go out . rudy creep back to the window , check outside ... and stop still . in parking lot ... ...a cigarette glow burn inside the nova . from the driver 's seat . it 's merlin . now watch . rudy step back into the shadow . close window and watch the fall snow . cage again , after all . dissolve to : int . rudy's room - night - later pitch dark . rudy asleep on the floor , as Ashley creep back in . see he 's asleep , she lie beside he , pull a blanket over they both , nestle into he body and kiss he . ashley merry Christmas - Eve , my love . my love , my love . merry Christmas - Eve ... Ashley close she eye . with a smile . a moment later , rudy 's eye open . turn to look at she smile , sleep face ... with a convict 's vengeful stare ... int . knight inn lobby - day close on desk clerk in a elfin cap , smile cheerfully : smiling desk clerk hello , gentleman . and how can we help you on this holiday morning ? close on gabriel , merlin and pug Three grim face . gabriel check out . ext . knight inn parking lot - day the three trucker stride to the nova , where jumpy guard rudy and Ashley . in the b.g. , the Ice fisherman be by they car , wonder how the hell it switch parking space overnight . Gabriel march straight to rudy and slug he in the gut . rudy hit the snow -- ashley Gabriel ! gabriel that 's for the hundred buck worth of pay-per-view . ( then kick he ) and that 's for the two hundred you take outta you minibar . rudy ( choke , pain ) you guy be pay for the room , I just figure -- Gabriel kick he again , then pull a handgun , point it at rudy 's head . Ashley scream , rush he -- -- as Gabriel 's gun shoot a thin stream of water into rudy 's face . it 's a forty - five caliber squirt gun . gabriel ( cruel smile ) you want a weapon , convict ? you get one . Gabriel toss the water pistol onto rudy 's chest . jumpy and pug haul he up . with venom : gabriel merry Christmas - Eve . ext . highway - day the motor City monster cruise the snowy landscape , with Lake Superior beyond . pug drive the nova in convoy . int . gabriel be rig Gabriel hand copy of rudy 's sketch map to merlin and jumpy . rudy and Ashley be in the sleeper . gabriel commit this thing to memory . every guard , every exit ... do not tape it to you fuckin , wrist : remember it . that 's the Gospel right there . the Gospel . Matthew , Mark , luke and John ... rudy watch they study he make - up map . Ashley stroke he arm , give a loving smile . rudy stare at she . he smile right back . ext . highway - day the rig and the nova blow by a roadsign : " now enter powahachee indian reservation land . " int . / ext . trailer day - preparation montage the storage locker with the Santa suit slam open . merlin 's hand pull automatics and shotgun from the weapon chest . pug 's hand unload ammo . a red-and - white Santa coat get pulled on and buttoned up . jumpy 's hand apportion gun and ammo on a picnic table . Black Santa boot stamp tight in the snow . a shoulder - strap assault rifle get hide under a Santa coat . ammo clip be tape inside a fat black buckle - belt . a handgun get tuck under a Santa hat . and the rig 's trailer door come crashing shut . ext . lakeside rest area - dusk Lake Superior shimmer in the die light . the rig 's in the empty rest area lot . on a nearby bank , four man in Santa Claus suit and one woman without sit scattered at picnic table , gun at they side . stare out at the lake . rudy and ashley sit apart from the rest . rudy in a red suit , black boot , cap in hand . Ashley 's head be in he lap , watch the sky . ashley where should we go , Nick ? when we be go from here ... where should we go ... the nova drive into the lot . pug get out , carry several fast - food bag . hurrying to stay warm : pug ( o.s. ) okay , who have the cheeseburger with bacon ; what about a roast beef , I have get two roast beef here -- jumpy ( o.s. ) cheeseburger and bacon 's mine -- merlin ( o.s. ) I get a bacon too ; there another bacon in there ? pug ( o.s. ) I get a bacon for he and a bacon for I ; there 's four cheeseburger and two roast beef -- merlin ( o.s. ) somebody better give I something with some goddamn bacon -- as they continue chow dispersal , rudy stare over the lake . distant . not even aware Ashley 's there . rudy this time right now ... dad 's stack wood out back , get ready for tomorrow . Little blaze in the fireplace . Mom 's set out the good silver , hang she cinammon stick , up in the doorway . get out she scratchy old record ... sing along ... rudy smile to himself . he 's get a faraway look . rudy I do not know where you be go . but I be go home . ashley we go together , Nick . wherever ... we go together . remember ? rudy well . I be go home . gabriel sit by the water , stare over the lake too . with a white cotton Santa beard rest on he chin . he unwrap he roast beef sandwich , pull he beard down to he neck , and take a savage bite . munch away , stare to rudy and Ashley . she meet he eye . Gabriel smile . and look again to the water . on full scene the snowy rest stop , the glisten lake . and the six figure scattered , watch day turn to night ... CUT to : ext . tomahawk casino - night the neon axe light up in full regalia , with Christmas light now strung along the building 's roof . there be fewer than a dozen car in the parking lot . int . tomahawk - night fill with the jingling , jangling slot , but there 's only two fat women sit at they . Three indian at a poker table . a old timer in he 90' play blackjack . int . security level a rag headquarters , look down to the casino level through smoke glass . desk , file cabinet , pin - up centerfold . a room with video monitor to one side . stair to a camera catwalk that ring the casino . Jack Bangs be at a table of wassail and cookie . he open a battle of brandy , pour a bit into the punch , and take the bottle for himself . walk over to he head of security , watch the lack of activity below : jack bang and all through the house ... not a creature be stir ... ( sigh ) why do not you go ahead and send most of you guy home , Ed . security boss thanks , Jack . merry x-mas . the boss smile , head off . Jack Bangs swig he brandy , eye he high - tech security gear glumly : jack bang Hell . nobody even come here to cheat ... ext . tomahawk - night the nova pull into the lot and park . merlin , pug and Ashley inside . on the road , the motor City monster slow to a idling stop . in the cab , Gabriel turn to rudy and jumpy : gabriel go. rudy give Gabriel a wither look . he and jumpy climb out . Gabriel 's rig rumble up the road . [ note : all five man , save Ashley , from now till story 's end , be in they Santa Claus suit . ] rudy and jumpy make they way across the lot , head for the entrance . rudy hey jumpy , I want to ask you something . you have any problem with the fact that we be on we way to take million of dollar from a indian casino ? the Native american consider . as they walk : jumpy Nick . it 's true that indian game 's go a long way toward restore wealth and pride to community who have be economically isolate and enslave for century . stronger infrastructure , better school , higher employment ... they be all the result of reservation casino success storey . still , many native believe that this be temple to a godless materialism and greed that will only infect the soul of indigenous people until they love of money have destroy the spiritual value they ancestor die to protect and they homeland have become no different from any United States suburb , satellite city or industrial park . destroy the indian legacy once and for all and leave behind a nation of selfish , angry native , of which I , it 's true , be one -- -- as they hit the tomahawk 's door -- int . tokahawk - night -- and slam inside , stumbling into each other , suddenly laughing and slapping back . surveying the casino : rudy hey-hey , egg nog for everybody ! rudy spread he Santa arm wide and whoops . jumpy laugh with he , steadying he balance . drunken and slur : rudy let 's win some money ! money -money - money ! the few gambler inside look up at the commotion . bear the bartender . two cashier and one waitress . Ed the Security boss stride over , smile tightly : security boss how you gentleman do tonight ? rudy we be out of work tonight , that 's how ! Christmas Eve ! we be out of work ! jumpy ( shake he hand ) hi , Santa Claus , how be you . he 's with sear , I be with Wal - Mart , twas the season ... rudy we be all outta gift , boy and girl , but we get charitable donation ! rudy grab a wad of bill from he pocket , drop some to the floor . jumpy retrieve they -- jumpy ... bunch of we get together for the union party . hey , how late be you open ? security boss ( eye on the money ) all night and all day . rudy I get wampum for the cocktail waitress Civil Defense Fund ! be there any representative here present ? a waitress sidle close ; check with the boss . he nod okay . waitress what can I get ya , Santa ? rudy Santa drink american beer . security boss ( to jumpy ) what 's you game , guy ? jumpy blackjack . get a buddy from woolworth 's out parking the sleigh . the Security boss stare he down . then : security boss good luck , gentleman . he step aside and indicate the table . jumpy clap he on the back , push rudy on through the slot . ext . reservation road - night Gabriel 's truck at the roadside , hazard on , with signal triangle as if break down . Gabriel place the last one , hurry back down the casino road . ext . parking lot / int . nova - night Ashley sit between merlin and pug . Gabriel jog by the car . Ashley check she watch : ashley Three minute . int . tomahawk - night rudy and jumpy sit at a blackjack table , beside the Old timer . jovial ad lib as the waitress bring rudy 's beer . rudy double down , bust , and get belligerent : rudy ( to the Old timer ) that be my card , pop ! my card ! you hit for my card ! old timer I ... sorry , mister ... rudy that be my king ! old timer well ... sorry ... jumpy ( to the waitress ) how be you tonight ? waitress fuckin ' freezing . what can I get ya , Santa ? jumpy Jack and Coke . waitress want that Jack and Coke or Jack and pepsi ? behind they , Gabriel slam through the casino door . jumpy woolworth 's ! gabriel hey , sear ! hey , Wal -mart ! jumpy save you a seat , man . get in on a hand here ! Gabriel sidle to the table , clap rudy on the back . rudy ( be : Old timer ) careful . watch out for this guy . they throw chip in . the waitress circle around : waitress what can I get ya , Santa ? gabriel american beer . the Old timer hit and stay . rudy hit and bust : rudy pop ! that be my card ! old timer but ... I have a five ... rudy you be hit for my card ! ext . parking lot Ashley 's eye on she watch . nod to merlin and pug : ashley go. int . tomahawk jumpy have leave the table , sidling to a change booth , glance at he watch . pass a $ 100 bill : jumpy could fat-man-with -flying -horse get some quarter , please ? at the blackjack Gabriel slide off he stool , punch rudy in the shoulder : gabriel be back , Wal - Mart . watch my bank . rudy nod , slugging beer . he 's become a unruly drinker . the Old timer motion to hit ; but before the Dealer can pull the card , rudy slam the table , point to it : rudy that be my card , guy . my card . dealer he hit , mister . rudy he do not hit . ( to Old timer ) you do not hit . you be not hit . old timer but you do not even know what it be ! the dealer hit grandpa to twenty - one . then hit rudy and bust he . rudy stare darkly . in the hall to the bathroom Gabriel walk to the men' room door . then stop . adjust the rifle under he red coat . and turn back . at the change booth jumpy be hand a bucket of quarter . ext . parking lot - same merlin and pug march toward the entrance , hand in pocket . int . security level the Security boss return upstairs , beside Jack Bangs , who 's watch the video monitor . on one screen , a parking lot cam show merlin and pug approach : video guard there 's two more come . jack bang Hell , there we go . that 's the spirit . he drunkenly clink he battle to the Security boss , wassail . the boss frown . security boss Jack ? be there a union for department store santas ? int . tomahawk - on blackjack rudy bolt up suddenly , send chip and he chair to the carpet . point sternly at the Old timer , slurring : rudy switch seat with I . old timer what ? no ... rudy you be take my money . switch seat with I . switch seat with I if you be not take my money -- old timer I be ninety - two year old -- rudy then get yourself another table ! you be hit Santa 's card and you be take Santa 's money ! old timer there be no other table -- rudy they will OPEN one ! rudy grab the blackjack table and wrench with all he might , overturning it , card , chip , cash scatter -- and everything happens at once two security guard at the door ( ? ) rush for rudy -- Gabriel step from the restroom , hall , move toward the keypad door to the security level -- jumpy carry he bucket of quarter past the cage -- rudy tackle the Old timer , fist and false tooth fly , as the Guards arrive , try to wrench he off the poor guy -- rudy ( hard whisper ) stay down , pop ! trust I , stay down ! as Gabriel stop just beyond the keypad door -- in the security level the Security boss grab more man , while Jack Bangs merely smile at the sight . Guards wrestle a drunken Santa : security boss help they down there ! help they ! in the casino Three guard charge out of the keypad door -- -- right past Gabriel , who slip deftly inside -- and up the private staircase -- open he coat , pull he assault rifle -- gabriel right at the top of the stair , right at the top of the stair ... -- charge to the top , start right and run smack into a wall . he spin , see the doorway 's on he leave -- to a private hallway with three door . Gabriel stop at the first , grip he gun -- gabriel video room , video room -- -- and swing open a closet bathroom . he frown , confuse . jump to the second door -- gabriel map say video room -- -- and swing open a storage closet . Gabriel grumble , leap to the third door and fling it open , gabriel map say goddamn video room ! to reveal the MAIN security area -- with two Guards sit at they post , and Jack Bangs , the Security boss and the video Guard in the doorway to the video room . which be on the far opposite side of the space . as they turn to see the furious Santa Claus with the AK - 47 -- gabriel what the fuck be go on ??!!! -- as he sprays the ceiling with gunfire . int . casino floor where the rifle sound , just as jumpy grip he bucket of quarter at the cashier 's cage and wheel -- -- throw a fragmentation grenade 's worth of quarter at the two cashier ! bit of metal fly between the bar . they scream , step backwards in defense -- -- and jumpy whip a saw - off shotgun from he coat -- jumpy step back from the desk ! at the blackjack the five guard wrestle rudy spin and scramble , pull pistol from shoulder holster as -- merlin charge through the casino entrance , shotgun hold -- merlin drop ' em ! drop , drop , drop !!! rudy ( from the floor ) drop the gun ! now ! but the guard do not . whirl on merlin -- -- who open FIRE , blasting two of the guard off they foot . rudy stay on the ground , cover he head , hold the petrify Old timer down -- -- as the other three guard FIRE back , force merlin to race behind the slot . bullet rip into slot machine -- -- as gunshot ring out from the casino restaurant . two of the Guards spin to look behind they as -- -- pug storm in , contort glee , twin pistol blazing , pop a steel flurry into a outgun Guard . merlin spin from hide behind the slot . he and pug both OPEN FIRE , blow away the two remain man from both side . one of the guard fall in front of rudy , gun in hand -- -- but as rudy -reach for the guy 's pistol -- merlin hold it right there , Nick . you squirt gun 's all you need . merlin step to he , gun aim . he and pug collect the Guards , weapon . merlin cover them . rudy get to he foot , pull the water pistol from he pocket . move to round up the Old timer , the waitress , the poker player and the fat slot woman . rudy sorry , guy . but what the hell be you do here a Christmas Eve anyway . int . security level the two Guards lie on the floor , with Security boss and video Guard . and the ruin Jack Bangs . jack bang no ... not here ... please ... mister ... Gabriel storm to the video room 's doorway . slam a new clip . jack bang mister . I be begging , ' kay ? I be begging . this be not some card club , ' kay ? this be the tomahawk . we be a international game destination . we be in guidebook . you can not do this ... you can not do this to I ... gabriel show 's over . he open FIRE , blowing away the wall of monitor and vcr 's recording the robbery . SPARKS and metal fly . ext . parking lot Ashley wait in the nova , check she watch . behind she a red wrangler roll in and park . a FIRE chief and he deputy , just off -duty , stroll toward the casino , laugh . Ashley sink low , panicked . press she horn . the firemen spin around but do not see she . they shrug . keep walk . int . tomahawk rudy force the gambler and employee behind the bar . onto the floor with bear the bartender , whisper hard : rudy get down and stay down , and you be gonna be fine . just do not do anything . my friend be disturb -- the hostage do as tell . rudy breathes relief , squirt gun in hand . and then stare at the array of bottle around he . in the cashier' cage merlin and pug force the cashier to the floor : pug what 's the security code to the Count room ? cashier # 1 Security code ? what security code ? you just use a key ! pug nick say security code ! cashier # 1 who 's Nick ?! pug bang the guy 's head off the floor , stalk to the Count room door . just a key lock . pug blows it away with he gun , kick the door open -- -- and get shot to hell by three count men inside , pistol blaze ! pug puppet , dead . a wad of chaw hit the ceiling . stun merlin fire back . ext . parking lot -- as the firemen hear the gunfire , pull holster pistol -- int . tomahawk -- while merlin dive out of the cage , join jumpy , take cover as the Count Men FIRE away -- -- as rudy scramble back from the bar -- merlin you say no gun in there ! no gun ! merlin and jumpy leap up , gun blazing , fire through the cage bar at the Count Men . killing all three just as -- the off -duty firemen storm through the door , pistol ready -- firemen drop it ! drop the gun ! merlin and jumpy be catch . Trade a look . and let they weapon fall , turn just as -- the chevy nova crash through the casino door , mowing down the firemen ! the car slam inside , crash into slot machine . the slot send SPARKS shower into the air . which set off the casino floor 's sprinklers . the room fill with watery spray . Ashley swiftly climb out of the mangle vehicle . rudy stare darkly at she . she know he know . and she do not care . ashley ( wild - eye ) where' the fucking cash , nick ! rudy yeah . that 's love . she storm on by . the slot pay off behind she . int . count room - moment later jumpy , merlin , Ashley and rudy step inside the Count room . there be stack and stack of bill . Ashley smile wide , throw jumpy three laundry sack . ashley move , move , move ! merlin , meanwhile , slam rudy against the wall : merlin you know there be gun in here ! rudy merlin , I do not know -- merlin you get pug kill ! you try to get I kill ! you just lose you get- outta - jail - free -- rudy I promise you , I do not know ! as merlin put a gun to rudyl head -- gabriel ( o.s. ) ( over casino speaker ) Santa Claus , Santa Claus , and Santa Claus ... would you please bring we ... mapmaker ... to the security level ? merlin stare dagger at rudy . shove the gun away . int . jack bang ' office - night Gabriel stand at the window overlook the watery carnage . the tape jingle of slot still play . poor Jack Bangs lie on he desk , beat to a pulp . blood run down he face and shark suit . tear and shock : jack bang I can not go back to Vegas ... I can not ... go back ... jumpy ( o.s. ) what the hell be with this place ? think the video room be back there -- merlin and jumpy lead rudy in . Ashley follow . they carry bulg money sack . Gabriel stare rudy down . gabriel I tell you not to fuck we with that map , Nick . I tell you not to , and you do . how be I s'pose to keep my promise now ? ( Ashley join he ) how 's she s'pose to keep hers ? he kiss she hard . sloppy . grin . then point to Jack Bangs : gabriel he will not tell we where it be . the powwow safe . jack bang I do not know ... what you be ... Gabriel hammer he with the butt of he rifle . crack . gabriel the powwow safe ! where be the powwow safe ! jack bang what ... powwow ... gabriel the powwow safe where you steal you money ! where you cheat you Indians ! jack bang I do not steal any -- Gabriel crack he again . and again . rudy wince . Gabriel grab rudy , pull he over . gabriel we know about the powwow safe ! we know it 's in here ! we know how you work ! because we know who 's work for you ! ( smile ) remember a guy name Nick mason !? a security guard name Nick mason !? Gabriel push rudy 's head toward the desk . Jack Bangs , drool blood , eye swollen , turn he face to see . jack bang Nick ... mason ... ? Jack Bangs stare at rudy . rudy stare back . jack bang ... so where be he ? gabriel ( laugh , mock ) where be he ?! where be he ?! jack bang he 's not Nick mason ... the smile fade from Gabriel 's face . jack bang Nick mason ... work for I two year ago . this man ... ( a spark of recognition ) ...he 's some cowboy ... Gabriel grab rudy , slam he against a wall . he glare at Ashley for answer . she stare in disbelief . rudy meet she eye . rudy fucked the wrong guy , Ashley . ( shrug ) Story of you life . back to gabriel : rudy I do time with Nick mason , monster . told you that from the start . Ashley 's put it all together ... ashley you ... you ... you -- rudy we still gonna spend Christmas together ? Ashley charge he . Gabriel stop she ; merlin and jumpy help hold she back . Gabriel spin on rudy with he rifle : gabriel you be lucky , convict . you be spend Christmas with the birthday boy himself -- rudy hey ! hey ! there be a powwow safe ! Gabriel hesitates . do not fire . rudy I do time with Nick mason , remember ? I know he work here , do not I !? well , some shit he tell I ! rudy steel himself for the shot . it still do not come . rudy Nick tell I he manager keep a safe in he office , he steal safe . his powwow safe . I swear , please ... Nick tell I . ( look to Jack Bangs ) behind the liquor cabinet . Jack Bangs dully meet rudy 's eye . Gabriel step to the liquor cabinet , feel at the shelf . they split in the middle . and there be a combination safe mount in the back . Gabriel turn to Jack Bangs : gabriel open it . he pull he off the desk . Jack Bangs waver , struggle . he look at Gabriel . then at rudy . jack bang I can not go back to Vegas ... gabriel OPEN it !!! Jack Bangs step to the safe . spin the lock . spin back . spin forward . click . Jack Bangs look at rudy . rudy ( nod ) pow . wow . and Jack Bangs open it -- -- reach inside in the same swift motion , so that as the safe swing open to reveal it 's a rack of weapon that lie inside , Jack Bangs already have a uzi in hand -- jack bang veeeeggggaaaassss !!! bullet as he turn back to the room -- -- send Gabriel , Ashley , and merlin diving for the floor ! jumpy can not get down , as bullet riddle he dead -- -- and blow out the smoke window overlook the casino -- Jack Bangs keep turn in a madman 's circle -- -- blowing out the window to the parking lot , shatter the liquor , send rudy scramble under he desk -- jack bang I can 't ! go back ! I can 't ! go back ! I can 't ! go back ! gabriel go !!! he and Ashley both scramble for the window , jump out with two of the money sack -- to the casino floor -- and landing on poker table below , overturn they -- Jack Bangs keep firing , into the casino , shredd the table but miss Gabriel and Ashley -- as he jump right after they . back in bang ' office merlin scramble to he foot , whirling with he gun , look for rudy -- -- just as rudy slam into he . merlin 's shot hit the ceiling . the two of they crash down , wrestle and roll toward the parking lot window . two gun spill to the floor . rudy grab one , just as merlin kick out , leaping up -- -- and freeze , see rudy 's get a pistol on he . before merlin can make a move , rudy fire -- -- and a thin stream of water shoot out . leave a stain on he shirt . it 's the water pistol . rudy stare blankly . as merlin swiftly snatch the second gun , a real gun , off the floor . rudy 's dead to rights . merlin Hell . I be gonna take pleasure in this ... with the gun on rudy , merlin find a cigarette in he pocket . pop it between he lip , raise a lighter 's flame -- -- and hesitates . sniff the air . look down . at the stain on he shirt . his lighter still light -- rudy I too . -- and rudy fire the water pistol again , this time catch merlin 's lighter , which turn the stream into a arc of FIRE ! he 's fill alcohol in the gun ! flaming liquor shoot into merlin 's face and eye . he drop the handgun . rudy keep squeezing the squirt gun , spread the fire down he neck and chest . merlin howl wildly -- -- and stagger back , blind and helpless , pinwheel himself -- out the parking lot window -- and crashing down on the hood of a pontiac , head through the windshield , boot on the bumper , dead . flame flicker . rudy smoke them if you get them . in the casino Gabriel and Ashley have scramble to the nova , tumble in with the money sack . Jack Bangs get up , stalking toward they , still firing and babbling . Gabriel fire back , hit Bangs in the chest . he stagger , but stay upright . his bullet riddle the car , shatter the windshield , but Gabriel and Ashley keep they head down , slamm it into reverse -- -- and burn rubber backwards out the casino entrance , into the parking lot , and speed out of sight . Jack Bangs stop shoot . he stagger back toward the bar , totter there , and turn , gun still raise . rudy stand at the base of the stair to the security level . he put he hand up , until he see the die look in Bangs , face . the uzi drop to the ground . a silence . even the slot have stop . rudy I be sorry . Jack Bangs stare blankly . survey the wreckage of he poor man 's empire . and give a small shrug . jack bang that 's why they call it gambling . he slump against the bar and hit the floor . Dead . ext . parking lot - night rudy amble out into the snowy night . the lot be quiet . he take a few wary step toward the road -- -- and hear a click . he turn to see Ashley stand behind he , with a gun . shake she pretty head . ashley you turn . rudy shut he eye for the end . ext . reservation road - night the nova drive up a ramp into the back of the truck , in reverse . Gabriel get out , pull shut the trailer . Ashley collect the hazard triangle . they hurry to the cab . ext . michigan highway - night the motor City monster storm through the night , pass a couple police car , siren wail , speed the other way . int . gabriel be rig Gabriel and Ashley inside , with the money sack : gabriel with the wrong fuck guy ! we take the place down with the wrong fuck guy ! be that Christmas ?! huh ?! be that Christmas ?! he grab Ashley , kiss she wildly . then turn back -- to the sleeper compartment where rudy lie sideways , hand bound with he Santa belt . gabriel God bless we every one ... ext . ridgeside road - night a wind two - lane road , overlook a small ravine at a grassy overlook . the road be dust with snow ; there 's be no traffic here for awhile . the motor City monster steam to a stop beyond the overlook . then start back up , such that the gate of the trailer be fifteen foot from the edge of the ridge . a hundred - foot drop into the ravine below . Gabriel and Ashley pile out of the cab . they lift the trailer gate , extend the tire ramp . the ramp run from the trailer to five foot away from , the ravine drop . in the cab Gabriel pull rudy out of the sleeper . Marches he back -- to the ravine's edge -- and give he a look . force he to he knee . Ashley be in the truck trailer , splash the inside of the nova with a can of gasoline . gabriel you almost get away with it , Santa . get outta the tomahawk , get to you car , get halfway to Canada till you catch some ice in the road . by the time you hit bottom down there , whole car be burn like a comet . musta burn up all that money too . rudy glance to the trailer . Ashley toss a couple handfuls of bill into the car . gabriel buncha guy in red suit bust in , they will say . start shoot . they will not be able to remember ... if it be three , or four ... or five . four dead santas and some burn - up cash . merry Christmas , the end . rudy be it you plan , monster ? or be it hers . Gabriel smile at he . gabriel she tell I ' bout the convict magazine . have to figure there would be some boy in the pen with some useful knowledge . with nobody to talk to . nobody to listen . so we stock up on stationery . Ashley hop down . Gabriel put a arm around she . gabriel hard life be a trucker 's girl . rudy eye Ashley . she stare darkly back . rudy I save you life . ashley you should not have . rudy he do love you , you know . Nick . he do love you . ashley who would not . so cold . but rudy do not pause . rudy maybe this be where you want he , Ashley . at the bottom of a ravine , dead as ice with a burnt - up heart . maybe . but it do not happen . ' Cause what you do for he be make he the happiest hold ever be . you show he hope and teach he mercy . and he die a peaceful man . you want to destroy some convict ... and all you do be save he soul . remember that . Love you money and remember that . Ashley shiver , a touch shake . but steel herself : ashley merry Christmas , rudy . rudy I be glad it be I . ashley merry Christmas . gabriel get in the car . Gabriel haul he up . Marches he to the trailer . rudy stop at the ramp . Gabriel push . rudy do not move . gabriel get in the car ! rudy how would you know my name ... he turn back to Ashley . ashley what ? rudy rudy . how would you know my name ? ashley what be you talk about ? rudy look at Gabriel . he 's frown . to Ashley : rudy you say merry Christmas , rudy . ashley I ... you tell I you name be rudy . you tell I a million time , back in the truck , tell I you be not Nick -- rudy no -- ashley you be scream you be not Nick ! and we just do not fuck believe you ! rudy but I never say rudy . ashley you say it a million time ! rudy I never tell you my name . he stare she down . then stare at Gabriel . gabriel ash ? rudy how would you know my name be rudy . gabriel ash ? rudy how would you know my name . Ashley stare dagger . shake she head ruefully -- ashley men. -- and pull a handgun , shoot Gabriel in the heart . Gabriel fall to he knee in the snow , he mouth a ring of shock . blood spurt through he red coat . he stare at Ashley , incredulous . she step forward and put another bullet in he neck . Gabriel fall still . Ashley 's breath frost in the cold . rudy watch she . finally , she meet rudy 's eye . they stare each other down for a long moment , before : rudy where be he . a silence . no one move . and finally , the crunch of footstep from around the side of the trailer . and whistling . " Silver bell . " a shadow move across the snow behind the trailer , and soon step into rudy and Ashley 's view . it 's Nick mason . alive and well . nick merry Christmas , rudy . Ashley smile . her muscle - and -mustache man pen pal be here . nick I miss you , beautiful . ashley I miss you too , nicky baby . they share a passionate kiss . Ashley malt at the sight of he , embrace happily . then turn to rudy : ashley for you information . I never fuck the wrong guy . rudy just stand there , he mind play catch -up . nick oh , hey . have you two be properly introduce ? sweetness , this be rudy Duncan , I do almost a year with he in the Mountain . read he all you letter , talk about you all the time , make he feel like he really know you . ( turn to rudy ) my friend ... wantcha to meet millie bobek . ' member millie bobek , dontcha ? my girlfriend fore I go in ? worked at that bar in motor City , where I manslaughter that guy ? Hell . do not talk about she much once the Ashley letter start come , I guess . rudy do not notice it 's start to snow . nick millie here use to serve drink to this gunrun trucker , real big talker , talk bout a real score one day . I be in the Mountain , man , what the hell , why not let she get friendly with them ? let she tell them a idea she have , ' bout write guy in prison . get one who could show them a sure thing . rudy she set they up . all of they . nick why not have she pretend to find I ? pretend to write I and reel I in ? tell she new trucker - man she would pose as some sister of he name Ashley ? rudy and you set I up . nick always want to rob that casino , rudy . Way back when I work there . what better way than to get some guy to rob it for I . Nick shrug . prods rudy up the ramp . into the trailer : nick paid the alamo ten buck to put the shiv in I . he 's a lifer , what do he care . paid a hospital guard fifty to put out the story I be dead . once the wound heal up ... ( note cash - sack ) get out of the Mountain this morning . and tonight I be a rich man . rudy how would you know I would do it . nick do what ? rudy walk outta there and tell she I be you . Nick look back at Ashley . nick because every time I read she letter , rudy ... you listen . ( to Ashley ) keep you gun on he . Nick force rudy inside , unty the belt from he wrist and lash they to the bottom of the steering wheel . nick five santas walk into that tomahawk , rudy . that 's what the witness will say . so we gotta have five santas not walk out . gotta have five ... ( work ) this will burn right away ... in the fire ... Nick get rudy 's wrist lock to the wheel . he laugh . nick Hell , you never need to convince Ashley you be I . just the dumb fuck trucker . I figure I would talk enough about the tomahawk in the pen for you to get by -- rudy talk about the old man 's weapon stash , probably forget I would remember nick hm. well . they would have kill you if you be not I , rudy . we know you would start convincing them soon enough . Nick slam the car door , lock rudy in . nick they have the weapon and the willpower . we just give they they inside man . rudy you give they I . nick I give they I . ( shrug , smile ) Said some nice thing about I , rudy . I appreciate it . but do not worry . I do love she . and she love I . you have that right all along . Nick reach across he , release the brake . put the car into " drive . " turn to Ashley : nick sweetness ! let 's light up the tree ! Ashley step toward the ramp , take out a matchbook . Nick step further into the trailer , to the back of the nova . in the car rudy immediately wriggle he hand , try to touch he wrist together . try to press together the white cuff of he Santa suit . try to get the right pressure point -- -- as a blade suddenly spring out of the cuff ! the switchblade he would steal from the blazer -- it 's lash to he right wrist ! rudy start saw he wrist back and forth , cut through the Santa belt -- -- he hand at the bottom of the wheel , too low for either Ashley or Nick to see -- in the trailer Ashley be at the hood of the car , lighting she match . Nick be at the back bumper , ready to push it down the ramp -- nick Goodbye , rudy ! Nice spend time with you ! in the car the belt break ! rudy snap he hand free ! but instead of try to escape , he reach under the steering column , ripping its panel away and pull wire free ! as Ashley toss she match onto the hood , and FIRE race over the body of the car , tongue racing inside , over the dash , over the seat , lap at rudy -- -- who duck he head beneath the wheel , frantic to locate the right lead -- in the trailer Ashley jump out of the way , to the snow . Nick push the flame car to the trailer 's edge -- -- start on down the ramp , the ravine ahead -- -- and as gravity start to take the metal bonfire -- in the car rudy spark two wire together , flame eat at he -- rudy like riding a bike , like riding a bike , like riding a biiiiike ! -- and the engine ignite ! rudy slam the gearshift into " reverse " , grab the wheel and look over he shoulder at shocked Nick behind he -- rudy rule one ! never put a car thief behind the wheel ! -- and slam the accelerator . on full scene as the burn nova race backwards up the ramp , and back into the trailer -- terrify Nick turn to run but there 's nowhere to go -- -- and the car slam into the trailer 's back , crushing Nick 's leg between metal and metal ! ashley nooooooo !!! then rudy face front , pound the shift into " drive . " rudy rule two ! Ashley stand at the bottom of the ramp , vengeance and rage . she grab she handgun , open FIRE -- -- and rudy slam the gas again , shoot down the ramp -- -- as he fling open the car door , dive and roll -- -- while the burn nova collide with Ashley , throw she onto the hood , and send the tandem inferno speed off the ridgetop -- -- arcing slowly as it plummet into the ravine , a smoking , blaze shoot star with a woman 's figure hang on . the shoot star hit Earth and explode . slow dissolve to : int . casino / ext . snowy road - montage the same four shot that open the film . the Santa on the floor of the cage ( pug ) , the Santa on the hood of the car ( merlin ) , the Santa in the hallway ( jumpy ) . and the Santa lie face - down on the snowy road . Gabriel . ext . ravine's edge - same the last of the open image . rudy 's motionless Santa figure , upside - down on the snowy incline , bit of he suit still aflame . he open he eye . angle on snowy road rudy stagger to he foot . batter and daze . look at Gabriel 's body . then look to the trailer . Inside , Nick be still alive , bone break from the waist down . he 's mumble madly , stare at the ceiling : nick ... rudy ... help I ... rudy ... rudy climb the tire ramp . and pull the trailer gate shut . he climb into the rig 's cab . start the engine . put the truck in reverse , tap the accelerator and hop out . nick ( o.s. ) ... rudy ! rudy ! help I !!! the truck roll backwards . and into the ravine . rudy listen to its tumbling sound all the way to the bottom . he then look up the road one way . then the other . and notice the two money sack sit in the snow . he stare at they . a long time . dissolve to : ext . rudy's journey - montage - night / day in he burnt and batter Santa suit , rudy 's figure trudge the snowy night . two sack over he shoulder . walk empty road and highway . and pass a roadsign that read " sidnaw -- 35 mile . " he pass rural road and driveway , and every time he come across a mailbox ... he put a stack of cash inside . on the soundtrack , the string and rum - pum - pum - pum of " the Little drummer Boy " start to rise -- with snow fall , he pass a new sign : " sidnaw -- 27 mile . " with the sun rise , a pair of child huddle at a window , see the man in the Santa suit at the end of they driveway . give they something from he sack and amble on . -- and we follow rudy 's march , stuff present into mailbox . at every - stop on the way . dissolve to : ext . a suburban neighborhood - day a cul - de-sac of norman rockwell Michigan home . grace with pine and a pristine snowfall . Christmas tree in window , light on inside , figure of family in holiday gear . no one notice the man in the Santa suit , he sack long go , walk up the road . ext . / int . fiftie - era home - day at cul - de-sac 's end . where a blacken red cuff knock . after a moment , the door open to reveal a smile mother and father in they sixty . there 's a party go on inside ; a dining table visible beyond they . the mother and Father 's smile disappear . shock. concern . mother rudy ...? rudy ? father Son ? be ... be that you ...? the Santa Claus shuffles inside , right past they . the Santa Claus sleepwalk straight for the dining room , find a dozen relative , laugh and eat . a table laden with turkey and stuff , gravy and cranberry , wassail and wine . the relative stop still . the room go silent . the Santa Claus sit down at the head of the table . yes , it 's rudy . without a word , he stare at the food before he . and take a plate . he stack it with meat and dress and trimming , and set it in front of he . and dig in . stuff he face in silence . his mother and Father return to the dining room , gape . the other relative look likewise . all stare at rudy . then , while he eat , without another sound ... ... the mother take she seat at the table ... ... and the Father pull up another chair . they touch hand privately , and turn back to they plate . there 's a clank of silverware , a scrape of china , a clink of glass , and one - by-one , the relative resume they meal . conversation pick up where it leave off , smile return to the table , laughter slowly rise in the room . there be Mr. Duncan and Mrs. Duncan , aunt lisbeth and uncle Ray , aunt Mary and uncle Pete , toddler sasha and teenage Sam , brother Mike and he girlfriend Jill , sister stacy and she husband Bill , grandpa walter , little Wendy Sue ... ... and at the head of the table ... rudy Duncan . Home for Christmas . CUT to black . the end