remember by Benjamin A. August production draft : White 06/11/2014 production draft : pink 06/24/2014 Blue revision 06/26/2014 yellow revision 07/08/2014 Green revision 07/12/2014 goldenrod revision 07/31/2014 double White revision 08/15/2014 serendipity Point film 9 price Street Toronto , on m4w 121 ( 416 ) 960-0300 August 15 , 2014 '' because I remember , I despair . because I remember , I have the duty to reject despair . '' elie wiesel remember double White rev ( 08-15-14 ) int . bedroom - morning 1 zev , 90 , open he effervescent blue eye with a shudder . he be drench in sweat . he be have a bad dream . his eye , a valley surround by deep mountainous wrinkle , attempt to adjust to the dim light . with a age , deep voice , bear thick trace of a Eastern european accent , the old man mutter a half question : zev Ruth ? Zev slowly turn he head to the right , expect to find he wife . however , nobody be there . he strain he eye at the slightly crease pillow and tuck in sheet , try to get a grasp on the situation . after a moment , he sit up and stare ahead at a mirror . instead of see he age reflection though , he look at a white sheet . this room have be prepare for sit shiva - - the jewish tradition of mourn . int . live room - day - moment later 2 a piano take up a quarter of the small room . like in the bedroom , the mirror be cover with white sheet . paula , black , 40s , heavyset , senegalese , knit a sweater on a wear - in , recline chair . zev ( 0.c . ) where be my wife ? Paula be startle , but it be Zev -- stand timidly in the bedroom doorway -- who be afraid . paula Mr. guttman ! you can not be sneaking up on I like that ! zev where be my wife ? where be Ruth ? Paula stand with a truly sympathetic look on she face . paula I be sorry , Mr. guttman . you wife pass away about a week ago . Zev take in this devastating information . Dead ? a week ago ? Zev take a seat on the piano bench and begin to rub he forehead with he arthritic hand . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15-14 ) continued : 2 zev who be you ? paula my name 's Paula . I be Mrs. guttman 's nursing aide . you family ask I to help out for another week or two . zev ( meekly ) I be ... a little confuse . paula it 's okay , Mr. guttman . you have be through a lot the last week . Paula give Zev the most compassionate smile she can muster , despite this be a conversation she 's probably have before . Zev look around the apartment as if he 's a visitor and not the tenant . paula ( cont 'd ) let 's get some breakfast . you have be feel better after breakfast . Paula approach Zev and take he hand . he 's as lose as a little child who 's be separate from he parent . int . hallway - day 3 there be few place in the world as sterile as the hallway of a senior housing community . the olive green , diamond pattern carpet have be vacuume every day . the fluorescent overhead light be without a trace of dust . the flower on wooden table by the elevator bank be as fake as the lithograph hang above they . Zev and Paula exit the apartment . Zev walk with a slight shuffle but be more than able to get around by himself . cele , nonagenarian , walk toward Zev , push a walker with tennis ball attach to the bottom . she smile at he as she get closer . cele good morning , Zev. zev good morning . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15-14 ) continued : 3 cele I hope you be not too hungry . Breakfast be crummy as usual . zev that 's okay . I be not too hungry . cele continue she journey down the hallway . Zev give she a second look . when cele 's out of earshot , Paula whisper : paula that 's cele . she be friend with you wife . zev ( irritate ) I know who she be . like most people suffer from dementia , it 's very easy for Zev to become irritate and suffer mood swing . int . cafeteria - day 4 Zev and Paula sit at a long rectangular table , eat breakfast . the egg , toast and fruit be separate on a compartmentalize plastic dish on a orange plastic tray . most of the senior in the cafeteria , like Zev , reside in the independent live wing of the senior housing community . however , there be other who require full time caretaker and reside in the assisted live wing . max , a feeble old man in a wheelchair , be one such man . he get push up to the table by he aide . Max be on the opposite side of the spectrum as Zev ; he body have go to hell but he brain be extremely acute . there 's a oxygen tank attach to Max 's wheelchair . the necessity of it be quickly apparent as he struggle to breathe as he talk . max can you -- give we -- a minute ? Max , like Zev , enunciate every word when he speak -- a indication that English be they second language . paula no problem , Max . Zev shoot Paula a angry look with he pierce eye . zev you do not need to tell I everyone 's name . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15-14 ) continued : 4 Paula and Max 's aide gossip in they native tongue as they walk away . Max look around to make sure the coast be clear . max tonight be the last night -- sit shiva for Ruth . ( long breath ) do you remember -- what you say - - you would do ? ( long breath ) what you say -- you would do -- when Ruth die . Zev think about it but come up blank . zev no . Zev shake he head in frustration . Max gather he breath . max it 's okay . ( long breath ) I write everything down -- so you could remember . Max pat he jacket pocket , as if something be inside . he then start to cough uncontrollably . his aide walk over and insert the oxygen nose - clip into Max 's nostril . max's aide come on , Mr. rosenbaum . time for a nap . the aide take Max away . int . zev' apartment - night 5 a minyan be gather . it 's a big crowd for a small apartment . zev 's child , grandchildren , great grandchildren and friend be all present and be lead through the prayer by a rabbi . Zev wear black slack , a white button down shirt and a old tweed professor 's blazer with patch on the elbow . he be also the only one without they siddur open ; this be not a man who believe in god . the adult -- san Zev -- recite kaddish . they have all get the prayer commit to memory . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15-14 ) continued : 5 minyan yit 'gadal v'yit ' kadash sh'mei raba . b'al 'ma di v'ra khir'utei . v'yam 'likh mal ' khutei b'chayeikhon uv 'yomeikhon uv 'chayei d' khol beit yis 'ra 'eil ba 'agala uviz 'man kariv v'im 'ru . amein ... int . zev' apartment - night 6 the minyan be wind down . family and friend finish they bagel and lox and say they goodby . Zev sit on the couch , receive word of condolence as people make they way out of the apartment . his great granddaughter , 8 , sit next to he . Max get wheeled up to the great granddaughter . max do you know -- when that picture - - be take ? Max shakily point at a black and white wedding photograph of Zev and RUTH , 20 , beautiful . the photo stand on a end table , amongst family portrait . the great granddaughter shake she head no . Max look at Zev , who also do not seem to have a clue . max ( cont 'd ) that be from -- they wedding day -- in 1946 . great granddaughter do you meet nanny in Germany ? there 's recognition in Zev 's eye . zev no . I meet she in America . I meet she at coney Island . the great granddaughter look transfix at the picture . max she be beautiful , -- be not she ? ( off she nod ) why do not you -- show the picture -- to you brother ? ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15-14 ) continued : 6 the great granddaughter excitedly take the picture and walk across the room to she brother adam , who stand next to they mother and father . Zev watch she cross the room with pride in he eye . great granddaughter Adam , look at this ! as soon as she 's go , Max slowly reach into he coat pocket and pull out a envelope . Zev 's name be write across it . Max 's hand shake almost uncontrollably as he give the envelope to Zev as slyly as possible . Zev look at it , confuse . max now stand up -- tell everyone -- you be tired -- and go read it . Zev follow Max 's order . he rise from the couch and announce to the room ... zev I be tired . I be go to bed now . charle , 60 , Zev 's son , approach and gently help he dad to the bedroom . it 's only a small gesture but you can see how much he love he father . charle it 's okay , dad . it 's be a long week . int . bedroom - night - moment later 7 Zev sit down on the bed and stare at the envelope . he open it and pull out a stack of hundre dollar bill . even if he have control of all he faculty , he would still be bewilder . Zev then pull out a ticket and a thick stapled letter , which he begin to read . he do not read it out loud but the power of the word be clear by the look on he face . after a beat , he stand up and walk to he closet . he bend down and retrieve a small , black toiletry bag ... int . live room - 3:00 a.m. 8 Zev exit he bedroom , carry only the toiletry bag . ( more ) 10 11 12 13 remember double White rev ( 08-15 -14 ) continued : 8 he shuffles across the room and let himself out the front door . int . hallway - night - continuous 9 Zev walk down the dark , silent hallway . int . ground floor - night - moment later 10 Zev walk toward the lobby . as he get closer , the glimmer light of security monitor rise from behind the front desk . however , the desk be vacate , with only a guard 's jacket drape over a empty chair . Zev walk past the desk , glance at the monitor and proceed through the front door , which gently slide open . ext . parking lot - night - moment later 11 Zev stare into the pitch black parking lot . a early fall breeze blow , send a slight chill down he spine . after a beat , a taxi pull up and Zev get in . int . new jersey taxi - night - continuous 12 the taxi driver already know where Zev be go ... taxi driver Penn Station , right ? zev yes . angle from above Max peer through he bedroom window as the taxi take off and disappear into the night . int . max's bedroom - night - continuous 13 Max , wear pajamas , sit in he wheelchair , watch as the taillight fade away . after a beat ... security guard ( 0.c. ) get it . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15-14 ) continued : 13 the bedroom door open behind Max ; kneel there be the jacket - less security guard , hold a push pin . Max 's aide hurry into the room with a glass of water . max's aide I be so sorry , Mr. rosenbaum . I do not know how the door get lock . max it 's okay . Max turn from the window and look at the security guard . max ( cont 'd ) thank you . ext . route 495 - night 14 Zev stare out the window at the early morning New York City skyline -- a million light glow across the Hudson . the taxi wrap around Route 495 , toward the lincoln tunnel . omitted 15 ( more ) 15 16 17 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 10 continued : 15 int . train platform —- morning 16 Zev shuffles he way to he train car . other traveler -- and they bag -- make they way onboard . the station put Zev at unease . he 's nervous . the sound of train come and go and whistle pierce the air echo inside he head , building to a crescendo ... conductor 49 Lake shore Limited ! last call ! 49 Lake shore Limited ! last call ! Zev wipe off he sweaty forehead , gather he courage , and step onboard . angle from the platform we voyeuristically watch through the train 's window as Zev make he way down the aisle and find he assign seat . he then take out the letter and begin to read it again . after a beat , he remove a pen from he blazer and cross something off the page . int . train - day - moment later 17 tyler , 12 , shaggy hair , plop down in the seat next to Zev . he immediately look out the window and wave at he mother , late 30 . zev be that you mother ? tyler yeah . zev she 's not come with you ? tyler no . I be go to see my dad . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 17 continued : 17 zev you be travel alone ? tyler no , I be with my brother . they be sit over there . Tyler point across the aisle at he older brother . zev I see . tyler be you go to Cleveland too ? zev yes. tyler why do not you fly ? it 's faster . zev I do not know . tyler that 's not a good reason . Zev laugh for the first time . mood swing . zev you be a real whipper snapper , be not you ? why do not you fly to Cleveland ? tyler Three plane ticket be too expensive . that 's what my mom and dad say . zev that be a good reason . ( beat ) I be not fly because my friend tell I to take the train in the letter he write I . Zev motion at the letter as he fold it up and place it in he blazer 's inside pocket . tyler see , that 's a good reason . ( beat ) my name 's Tyler . ( more ) 17 18 19 20 21 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 12 continued : 17 zev Nice to meet you , Tyler . my name 's Zev. tyler that 's a strange name . zev it mean '' wolf '' in Hebrew . tyler cool . I wish I have a animal name . Zev smile at Tyler as the train 's engine begin to rumble . int . train - day - later 18 Tyler , wear headphone , play on a PSP . Zev sit in he chair , read the letter again . after finish the last page , he fold it up and place it in he jacket pocket . he then stare out the window as the train rumble along , parallel to a highway , watch as house streak by . he take it all in ... int . jewish senior housing community - day 19 it 's the shift change . the staff cross path at the entrance , exchange greeting . int . zev 's apartment - day 20 Paula sit on the recline chair , knitting she sweater ; she 's make considerable progress since yesterday morning . she check she watch and then knock on Zev 's bedroom door . paula Mr. guttman , time to wake up . ( beat ) it 's breakfast time . Paula knock again and then open the door . int . zev 's bedroom - day - continuous 21 the room be empty . paula Mr. guttman ? ( more ) 21 22 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 13 continued : 21 Paula look in the bathroom . paula ( cont 'd ) Mr. guttman ? int . director' office - day - later 22 the director , 5as , wear a suit and tie , sit across from Charles and rebecca , Zev 's daughter - in - law . Charles stir in he seat . director we have notify the police and they have issue a silver alert anda reverse 9 - 1 - 1 for the community . we staff be do all we can -- charle I do not understand how this could happen ? Charles stand and pace the room , anger percolate . between the death of he mom and now this , it 's a lot to deal with . director I can not tell you how sorry we be . we try we best to keep a eye on everybody but -- charle we pay you to do more than try you best . rebecca be there anything we can do to help ? charle besides pay you to lose people ? director do you father have a credit card ? ( off Rebecca 's nod ) you can tell the company to call you if he use it . charle we will get right on that . the director take a breath , ready to deliver even harder news . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15-14 ) 22 continued : 22 director you mother 's nursing aid tell I you dad 's be very confuse recently . ( more ) ( more ) 22 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 14 continued : 22 director ( cont 'd ) she say he 's be have a hard time remember people 's name and what day of the week it be -- charle he have dementia . that 's why we move my parent here . director I understand that . however , you father 's condition might be much further along than we think . when senior start to wander -- charle this be bullshit . you be just try to cover yourself . director I know this be not easy to hear but it 's very common follow the death of a spouse for more sign of neurocognitive disorder to emerge . have you notice that you father 's be have mood swing ? or that he rarely play the piano anymore ? this float in the air . Rebecca turn to Charles . rebecca I have notice a few thing , Charles . we be just so busy with you mom that I guess I dismiss they . Charles sit back down , the truth weigh on he . he run he hand through he hair . charle I too . Rebecca reach out and hold Charles 's hand . director when we find you father we be go to need to reassess he live situation as he may require the more supervise environment of we assist live wing . Charles and Rebecca nod they understanding . director ( cont 'd ) and let I assure you , we will have he back here before you know it . ( more ) ( more ) 22 23 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 15 continued : 22 director ( cont 'd ) in this situation , people never wander too far . int . train - day 23 Zev be fast asleep in he chair . Tyler sit next to he , still play on he PSP , as do he brother across the aisle . the force of a train pass in the other direction shake the train and rattles the window . Zev wake up with a shudder , bath in sweat . zev Ruth ? Zev , clearly confuse , look at Tyler . zev ( cont 'd ) Adam , where be you grandmother ? ( beat ) Adam , where be you grandmother ? Tyler pause he game and take out one of he earphone . tyler be you talk to I , Zev? zev I ask where you grandmother be . tyler one be in New York . one be in Ohio . Tyler unpause he game and begin to play again . zev where be you sister ? tyler I do not have a sister . zev stop play with that thing and answer I seriously ! Zev grab the PSP from Tyler ; Tyler 's a little bit scared . tyler be you okay , Zev ? ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 16 23 continued : 23 Zev look around . he 's just as scared as Tyler . zev ( timidly ) where be we ? tyler we be on a train . the word '' train '' scare the hell out of Zev. zev to where ? tyler Cleveland . zev Cleveland ? tyler you be go to see you friend . zev what friend ? tyler the one who write you the letter in you pocket . Tyler point at Zev 's pocket . tyler ( cont 'd ) can I have my PSP back ? Zev hand Tyler he PSP as he take out the letter from he pocket and begin to read it . after a moment , a tear stream down he face ... zev ( to himself ) Ruth be dead . that do it , Tyler be officially creepe out . tyler Zev , I be go to sit with my brother for a little bit . Tyler get up and go across the aisle , lodging himself between he brother . Zev pay he no attention as he continue to read the letter . after a beat , Zev take out the pen and write '' read letter '' on the outside of he leave hand . 24 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 17 ext . cleveland lakefront station - day 24 Zev exit the station , carry only he toiletry bag . he look around , seemingly lose . tyler 's dad ( 0.c. ) Excuse I . Zev turn around and see Tyler 's dad , Tyler and he two brother . zev yes ? tyler 's dad my son say you be sit next to he on the train and that you seem a little confuse . zev yes , I be sorry about that . tyler 's dad there 's no need to apologize . we just want to make sure you be okay . zev yes . thank you . I be okay . I appreciate you concern . tyler 's dad do you need help get somewhere ? zev no . someone be meeting I here . my friend say he will have a sign with my name . tyler 's dad well , we will help you find he . the taxi stand 's over there . the group walk together toward the taxie and sure enough , stand there be a driver with a sign : '' mr. guttman '' tyler 's dad ( cont ’d ) be you last name guttman ? ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 18 24 continued : 24 zev yes . tyler 's dad look like you be riding in style . Tyler 's dad give Tyler a look , meaning everything 's okay . tyler 's dad ( cont ’d ) alright , guy , let 's hit the road ! tyler bye , Zev! zev Goodbye . 25 int . town car - day - moment later 25 the driver help Zev into the backseat and then get into the front . driver I be tell you have get two stop . Zev look at the letter for guidance . zev yes , that be correct . the driver turn on the car and take off . Zev take the pen out of he pocket and cross something off in the letter . 26 omitted 26 27 ext . mini - mall - day 27 the car pull into the half empty parking lot of a run-of - the - mill mini-mall . 28 int . town car - day - continuous 28 the driver pull up to a shop ; we can not see what it be . ( more ) 28 29 30 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 19 continued : 28 driver first stop . the driver get out of the car and open Zev 's door . ext . buddy 's G & a - day -— continuous 29 Zev exit the car and stand with the driver in front of buddy 's G & a ( gun and ammo ) . although this be suburbia , it blend in with the mattress store and chinese restaurant it 's squeeze between . nobody bat a eye around here when someone want a firearm . Zev take he toiletry bag and walk into the store . int . buddy 's G & a - day - continuous 30 the gun shop owner stand behind a counter , stack case of bullet . Inside the glass display case be every type of handgun on the market . on the wall be rifle of different caliber , some with scope and some without . the bell on the front door jingle and Zev walk in . gun shop owner even . zev good evening . Zev shuffles he way to the counter . gun shop owner how can I help you ? zev my friend recommend you shop to I . gun shop owner well , tell you friend we appreciate the recommendation . what be you look to pick up ? zev just something small . gun shop owner sure thing . can I see you driver 's license ? ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 20 continued : 30 Zev reach into he pants 's pocket and pull out he wallet . he remove he license , which we can not see , and hand it to the owner who begin to enter Zev 's information into a database on he computer : gun shop owner ( cont 'd ) beachwood . Nice town . zev yes . but now we live closer to my son . the owner continue to type and click on a mouse ... zev ( cont 'd ) what be you do with my license ? gun shop owner I be enter you information into the FBI background check database . zev what do they look for ? gun shop owner a bunch of stuff . whether you be a convict felon . be involved in a crime of violence . if you have be dishonorably discharge from the army . if you be mentally competent . if you have be convict of more than one DUI within the last five year . if you be a fugitive or currently charge with a felony . zev a fugitive ? gun shop owner if you be run from the law . Zev half grin . zev do I look like I can run ? the owner submit the information online . a throbber appear on the screen and start to circle , processing Zev 's information in the nics database . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15-14 ) 30 continued : gun shop owner let I show you some of we smaller handgun . the owner give Zev the quick run down on gun , while point at they through the display case . gun shop owner ( cont 'd ) we get everything from sig sauer to 1911 's to glock to single action to double action . ( beat ) you know much about gun ? zev no . gun shop owner I would have guess that but we get all type in here . the owner pull out a Smith & wesson 22 . gun shop owner ( cont 'd ) a lot of beginner go with a 22 . it 's light . easy to use . very little recoil . zev that 's what my friend suggest . gun shop owner in my opinion though , you might as well buy a bb gun if you be gonna go with a 22 . frankly , it 's just not gonna get the job do in a emergency . I be not try to give you the hard sell but for about five hundred more you could get something with real stop power . the owner take out a glock . gun shop owner ( cont 'd ) this be a 9 mm Glock 17 . zev Glock ? be it german ? gun shop owner you be in the right neighborhood . it 's manufacture in Austria . ( beat ) ( more ) 21 30 ( more ) 30 remember continued : double White rev ( 08-15-14 ) gun shop owner ( cont 'd ) it 's the most popular law enforcement pistol in the world . it 's only get a little bit of recoil so it should not hurt you hand but it 's 1ll definitely hurt a intruder . the owner hand the gun to Zev . he stare at it , not know exactly what to do with it . angle from the back of the store we watch Zev from the end of a aisle of hunt gear . angle on gun shop owner 22 30 the owner glance at the computer . the throbber still spin . gun shop owner ( cont 'd ) I be definitely biased toward glock . I just give one to my girlfriend for we anniversary . zev be it easy to use ? gun shop owner simple . zev can you please write down the instruction for I ? gun shop owner sure thing . I can show you how to use it too . zev that would be good . but please write it down for I . sometimes I forget thing . gun shop owner we all do . that 's no problem . the owner look at the computer screen . Zev 's be approve by the nics e-check system . it 's that easy . gun shop owner ( cont 'd ) alright , you be good to go . be you a veteran ? Zev have to think about this for a second . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15-14 ) 30 continued : 30 zev no . why ? gun shop owner we offer a veteran 's discount . remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 23 int . cleveland holiday inn - late afternoon 31 a clerk , 40s , indian , sit behind the desk , surfing the internet . through the front glass door we can see the town car pull up . Zev pay the driver with cash from the envelope and then get out of the car . after a beat , Zev enter the lobby with he toiletry bag and a buddy 's G & a shopping bag . clerk Mr. guttman ? zev yes . how do you know ? clerk you friend call before and say you would be arrive soon . you room 's all ready for you . the clerk smile and hold up the room key . zev how much do I owe ? clerk you can pay when you check -out . oh , and I book you taxi for the morning , like you friend ask . zev thank you . int . HOTEL room - night 32 the room be quiet with only faint sound of a neighbor room 's television seeping through the wall . slivers of neon light beam through the crack in the curtain . Zev lay on the bed , read the letter . the empty box for the Glock and a case of bullet be open next to he . the gun , fully load , sit on the bedside table . the phone ring . Zev answer it . zev hello ? ( beat ) yes , I be okay . thank you , max. ( beat ) I will . have a good night . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 24 continued : 32 Zev hang up the phone , fold the letter and place it under the Glock . he then stand and slowly begin to disrobe . in the room 's half light , trace of he once impressive physique can be see . he remove he shirt and pants , carefully fold they with military precision . besides he singlet and brief , the only thing Zev wear be a wedding ring and a gold , Star of David necklace . int . bathroom —- night - moment later 33 Zev enter the bathroom . he sit down on the toilet seat and look around the room . his eye lock on the sprinkler on the ceiling ; something about it bother he . after a moment Zev shake off the think , put down the drain in the tub and begin to draw a bath . as the water come out , he let out the slight sigh of relief . with he leave arm , he reach out to test the water 's temperature revealing a small , crudely write , blue , concentration camp tattoo on he forearm . it read : 98814 for survivor , a shower will always elicit fear , no matter how much time have pass . int . bathroom - night - later 34 Zev be sound asleep in the tub . if he skin be not wrinkle from age , it would be now from sleep in the bath . Zev 's eye open . he focus on the white porcelain tub and try to get he bearing . however , he do not know north from south in this unfamiliar bathroom . zev Ruth ? ( beat ) Ruth ?! silence . int . bedroom - night - continuous 35 in the darkness of the hotel room , Zev , who have a towel wrap around he waist , be a silhouette , backlit by the fluorescent bathroom light emanate from behind he . ( more ) 35 36 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 25 continued : 35 zev Ruth ? can you turn on the light ? I can not see . Ruth ? please . please , Ruth . silence . Zev brushes up against the wall , look for a light switch . after a few second of flicker , a light turn on . Zev look around the room , completely at a loss . he see the Glock on the bedside table . this be the last thing he expect to see . he approach the gun and carefully pick it up . he turn it over , examine it . he then notice the message on he leave hand -- '' read letter '' -- and see the envelope on the bed . he sit down , pick up the letter and begin to read . after a beat , a tear stream down he cheek . he continue to read . after another moment he stop and lift he left arm , examine he tattoo . he could not possibly forget about that , could he ? ext . house - day 36 a ohio taxi pull up to the front of a two story , post - war , raise ranch style house , cover by aluminum siding . Zev exit the taxi and slowly shuffles up the driveway ; under he arm he carry he toiletry bag , the only place he Glock could be . the taxi wait in front . Zev hold a black metal railing as he climb the house 's six front step . as he get closer , he can faintly hear the white noise of a vacuum on the other side of the door . he take a piece of paper out of he pocket , which have the name '' rudy kurlander '' write on it with the address of where he 's at . Zev ring the bell . while he wait for somebody to answer , he study the paper . after a beat , he ring the bell again . finally the vacuume stop and the front door open . a cleaning lady , 20 , stand there , armed with a Hoover . zev hello . be rudy kurlander home ? cleaning lady yes . he 's downstairs . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 26 continued : 36 the clean lady motion toward the dark stair as she hold the door open for Zev. Zev step inside and begin to walk down , into the darkness . after a few step , the vacuum roar back to life behind he . int . downstair hallway - day - continuous 37 Zev take a moment to look at some picture on the wall . he stare intensely at the old man in all of the photo . the sound of a television , mix with a loud , deep belly laugh can be hear from the end of the hallway . Zev grasp he toiletry bag under he arm and walk toward the noise . the television and laughter grow louder . sweat start to accumulate on Zev 's forehead . int . television room - day - continuous 38 a black and white episode of laurel and hardy play on a plasma television . rudy kurlander , 88 , fat , sit on a wear - in couch , enthralled by the tv . zev ( 0.c . ) be you rudy kurlander ? rudy look over and see Zev stand in the shadow , holding the glock at he side . the light from the tv flicker on Zev 's face . rudy ( compose ) yes , I be rudy kurlander . who be you ? rudy speak with a very thick Eastern european accent . zev please turn off the tv . rudy turn off the tv . without this light source , the room be drape in darkness except for the sliver of light peer through the blind . rudy do I know you ? Zev be try to figure that out . zev please stand by the window . ( more ) 38 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 27 continued : 38 rudy I be not go to do anything until you tell I who you be and why you be here . zev let we not argue . please , stand by the window . obediently , rudy push himself up off the couch . he pick up he cane and walk five foot to the window . rudy now what ? zev I need to see light on you face . rudy move a few blind to the side . a shard of bright light illuminate he eye . he squint as the sunshine irritate he cataract . zev ( cont 'd ) turn you head . rudy who be you ?! zev please , do not yell . ( beat ) do as I say . turn you head . rudy turn he head , stare through the blind at the yellow birch in the backyard . Zev study the old man 's profile . zev ( cont 'd ) be you german ? after a moment . rudy ja. sind sie deutscher ? subtitle : '' yes . be you german ? " zev yes . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 28 38 continued : 38 rudy talk more confidently in he native tongue . Zev understand the german but continue to speak in English . zev ( cont 'd ) how old be you ? rudy achtundachtzig . subtitle : '' eighty eight . " zev be you in the german army ? ( off rudy 's nod ) what do you do ? rudy das liegt in der vergangenheit . subtitle : '' it 's in the past . '' Zev shake he head , irritate . zev please speak in English . I do not like german . what do you do ? rudy it be almost seventy year ago . I be very young . zev answer the question . rudy let this process . rudy be you a Jew ? zev yes. ( beat ) be you at auschwitz ? rudy no. zev we be too old for lie so please do not . rudy I be not lie . ( beat ) ( more ) ( more ) 38 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 29 continued : 38 rudy ( cont 'd ) I do not know about auschwitz until after the war . ( beat ) I be in North Africa . zev North Africa ? rudy I be with the Desert Fox . I be with rommel . Zev try to wrap he head around this . zev do you have proof ? rudy yes . over there . rudy point at the bar on the side of the room . zev show it to I . rudy walk behind the bar and , use he cane as a brace , slowly get down on he knee -- this be not a easy task for a old man . rudy when I become a U.S. citizen , the immigration officer ask I if I have ever associate with the Nazi government of Germany or if I work at a concentration camp . ( beat ) I tell the officer what I 'il tell you . yes , I serve for my country . I be a soldier . I be a proud german and that 's what the man do . I be still proud of my service . rudy remove some photo album from a drawer behind the bar . rudy ( cont ’d ) as far as the Jews . I do not care about the Jews . I think Hitler be right . they cause many problem for the country . however , I be in North Africa . I think we be deport they or put they in work camp ... not what they do . ( beat ) ( more ) ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 30 38 continued : 38 rudy ( cont ’d ) that be shameful . but that be not I . rudy finally pull out a weathered album and take it back to the couch . he then motion for Zev to sit next to he . rudy ( cont ’d ) please . Zev sit down , still clutching the Glock . rudy open the album which have its fair share of dust on it . the picture inside be sepia tone and fray at the edge . there 's also a few ribbon and medal tuck into the page . rudy turn to a picture of he tank unit in Libya and point at a man wearing a knightas cross around he neck ... rudy ( cont ’d ) that 's rommel . a proud smile form on rudy 's face . rudy ( cont ’d ) History remember the winner . eisenhower , patton , Montgomery ... ( shake he head , dismissive ) rommel be the genius . a memory flash across rudy 's face . rudy ( cont ’d ) one time my division be take a rest , clean the tank 's air filter from the sand and drink we precious water when we see rommel 's storch fly right at we . all of a sudden something drop from the sky and knock my canteen right out of my hand , spilling my water . it be a note , wrap around a rock . I open it and it say , '' if you do not move on at once I shall come down ! '' and he sign it -- rommel . so we get back in we tank and move on . ( beat ) nobody could lead like he . rudy wipe drool off he lip with the back of he hand . zev can I have a glass of water ? ( more ) 38 39 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 31 continued : 38 rudy nod and close the photo album . rudy I can use one too . int . max's live room - day 39 Max sit in he wheelchair , stare out the window at the front parking lot . the phone ring and Max shakily pick it up and hold it to he ear . max hello ? zev ( over the phone ) be this Max ? max yes . zev ( over the phone ) this be Zev. max I know . zev ( over the phone ) I be in Ohio . ( beat ) it be not he . Max take a few deep breath through he oxygen nose-clip . max be you sure ? zev ( over the phone ) yes . max then you must go on . ( deep breath ) you must find he . ( deep breath ) ( more ) ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 32 39 continued : 39 max ( cont 'd ) you must -- do what -- you say you would . 40 int . bus - day 40 Zev sit on a charter bus , stare out the window . he take in the pass car , rest stop , speed trap and motorcyclist as the bus travel through Ohio and Michigan . 4l ext . sault ste . marie , michigan - day 41 the bus slow down and merge with other vehicle into a single lane . 42 int . bus / soo bridge - day 42 Zev put down the letter -- which he 's read for the hundredth time -- and watch in awe as the bus cross the sault ste . marie INTERNATIONAL bridge over St. Mary 's River . it do not take long for the bus to reach the divide line between America and Canada ; the point be mark by each nation 's flag , wave in the wind . angle from the row behind zev through the crack between the chair , we see Zev begin to reread the letter . after a beat , he take off he blazer and carefully fold it . 43 int . canadian custom - day 43 traveler stand in line , slowly go through custom . the process be orderly . there 's a system . the people be compliant , simply do as they be tell . despite not wear he blazer , Zev 's sweat . he 's nervous . his eye dart back and forth from one red maple leaf to another . they seem to be everywhere . there 's flag hang from pole , patch on cbsa officer 's uniform , decal on the wall . the pageantry have he on edge . officer ( on p.a. system ) please have you document ready . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 33 continued : 43 Zev 's eye shoot up to the speaker on the wall . he wipe the sweat from he brow and clutches he toiletry bag ; we know what 's in there . a cbsa agent walk by with a german shepherd on a leash . instinctively , Zev step back . he 's scared of dog . cbsa officer declaration card . ( beat ) Sir , can I have you declaration card ? Zev look up and see cbsa officer . he open he toiletry bag and pull out the letter and he declaration card . he hand the declaration card to the officer , who peruse it , make sure it 's fill in properly . cbsa officer ( cont ’d ) what 's the purpose of you trip ? zev I be visit a friend . thousands of people pass through this border crossing every day , so this question be rote for the officer . cbsa officer what 's you friend 's name ? zev rudy kurlander . cbsa officer where do he live ? Zev look at the letter for the answer but butcher the pronunciation . zev foyer Des pionnier -- cbsa officer can I see that ? ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 34 43 continued : 43 the officer hold out he hand for the letter . Zev acquiesce , slowly place it right in he palm . the officer skim over the page . cbsa officer ( cont ’d ) ( in perfect french ) foyer Des pionnier nursing Home . the officer continue to look over the letter for the answer to he next question . cbsa officer ( cont ’d ) and you will be stay at the Queen 's Motel in hearst , Ontario ? zev yes . the officer hand Zev back the letter . cbsa officer how long will you be in Canada ? zev a couple night . the officer sign off on the card . cbsa officer passport . Zev reach into the toiletry bag and pull out he passport . he hand it to the officer who look it over ; it only take a moment for he expression to change . cbsa officer ( cont ’d ) Sir , you passport 's expire . zev it be ? cbsa officer it expire in 2002 . ( beat ) do you have a driver 's license ? zev yes . yes of course . Zev reach into he toiletry bag again but can not find what he 's look for . he dump out the content : toothbrush , toothpaste and razor . no gun . ( more ) 43 44 45 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) continued : 43 the people wait behind Zev grow impatient as Zev pat he pants 's pocket and finally pull he wallet out . zev ( cont 'd ) here it be . Zev open he wallet and hand he license to the officer . cbsa officer hold on a second . the officer stand up and walk over to he supervisor . the man huddle and steal glance toward Zev. after a long , tense few moment , the officer return . cbsa officer ( cont ’d ) alright , you be good to go . but , sir , renew you passport . zev I do not think I have need to at my age . the two exchange smile . cbsa officer have fun with you friend . Zev thanks he and walk toward the exit . cbsa officer ( cont ’d ) ( to the next traveler ) declaration card . int . charter bus - day - moment later 44 Zev get back on the bus , hold the letter , and walk down the aisle . he find he seat which be mark with he fold blazer . as discreetly as he can , he remove the Glock from the blazer and place it back in the toiletry bag . ext . foyer des pionnier nursing home - day 45 a brick nursing home sit in the middle of a small , picturesque campus . sprinkler water the shrub and flower arrangement . a ontario taxi pull up to the front door . Zev get out of the backseat , hold he toiletry bag . 35 46 47 48 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 36 int . foyer des pionnier - lobby - day 46 Zev shuffles up to a few nurse at the front desk . zev Excuse I . nurse how can I help you , sir ? zev can you tell I which room rudy kurlander be in ? the nurse look at a chart and scan for kurlander 's name . nurse kurlander . yes , kurlander . he 's in room 238 . just go down this hallway and take the elevator at the end . when you exit the elevator make a leave and then you first right . 238 will be on you leave . Zev stare at the nurse -- blank in he eye . nurse ( cont 'd ) do you get that ? Zev shake he head . nurse ( cont 'd ) why do not I just show you where you friend 's room be ? int . hallway - day - moment later 47 Zev walk down the hallway with the nurse . between the white wall , the shiny tile floor , the fluorescent light , the nurse 's uniform , and the sunshine pour in through the window , this place could not be brighter . Zev 's black toiletry bag be the darkest object , draw all eye to it . int . room 238 - day - moment later 48 stand in the doorway , the nurse motion for Zev to go inside . Zev give she a thankful nod and then watch as she disappear down the hall . after wiping away some sweat on he forehead , Zev enter the room . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 37 48 continued : 48 there be two men lie in separate bed . both look like they be at the end of life . Zev approach the first . zev be you rudy kurlander ? the man stare at Zev , confuse . Zev speak louder . zev ( cont 'd ) be you rudy kurlander ? the man shake he head ; it could be a yes or a no . rudy kurlander # 2 ( 0.c. ) ( barely a whisper ) here . Zev look at the other bed where rudy kurlander # 2 , 90 , skin and bone , motion with he shaky pointer finger for Zev to come closer . Zev grab the bunched up curtain next to the wall and glide it along the ceiling track , divide the room . zev you be rudy kurlander ? rudy kurlander # 2 give a barely perceptible nod . to say he be weak would be a gigantic understatement ; this man be alive on pure will . Zev firmly take rudy 's face in he hand and study he feature . rudy 's eye be bloodshot and glassy ; he cataract have render he practically blind . his cheek bone nearly protrude through he skin . his head be cover in coarse wisp of hair . in a word , he be helpless . zev ( cont 'd ) be you german ? rudy kurlander # 2 yes . zev be you at auschwitz ? rudy take a deep breath , disturb by the question . rudy kurlander # 2 yes . rudy 's eye start to well up . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 38 48 continued : 48 zev I be in auschwitz . ( beat ) my whole family be murder in auschwitz . rudy kurlander # 2 I be sorry . zev you be sorry ? rudy nod , sincerely . zev ( cont 'd ) what you do be not something you can apologize for . Zev open he toiletry bag and take out the Glock . zev ( cont 'd ) I swore I would kill the man responsible for the death of my family . Zev put the gun up to rudy 's head and finger the trigger . with all he strength , rudy lift he leave arm over he face to show he blue concentration camp number tattoo . Zev put down the gun . zev ( cont 'd ) you be not a Nazi ? rudy shake he head and whisper : rudy kurlander # 2 homosexual . Zev process this . he be about to kill a victim , not a monster . zev I be sorry . Zev start to cry and bury he head in rudy 's chest . zev ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I be so sorry . rudy 's finger find Zev 's head and gently stroke he hair . ( more ) 48 49 50 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 39 continued : 48 rudy kurlander # 2 I understand . int . hallway - day - later 49 Zev shuffles down the hallway . a piano play in the background . Zev 's ear pick up the music and he change course ... int . foyer des pionnier - community room - day - continuou '' ) a old woman play the piano by herself . her finger glide over the key with the ease of decade of practice . Zev sit on the bench next to the woman and watch with admiration . the woman pay Zev no heed until she finish she concerto . zev moszkowski . old woman you know moszkowski ? nobody know moszkowski anymore . zev my piano teacher use to say that the three great composer be mendelssohn , meyerbeer and moszkowski . ( laugh to himself ) but he be biased . he be a Jew . amazing that Zev can remember something so specific from he youth but he can not remember what he eat for dinner the night before . old woman do you still play ? Zev think this over for a second . zev I be not sure . old woman well , why do not you give it a try ? the woman slide over , allow Zev to take the middle of the bench . he flexe he arthritic finger , close he eye and visualize he music catalogue . he then slowly begin to play moszkowski 's piano concerto , second Movement . ( more ) 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 40 continued : 50 angle from doorway we watch as Zev feel he way through the music . angle on zev Zev play the piece carefully but accurately . the woman 's head begin to lightly sway with the music . they have both be transport to another place and time . old woman ( cont ’d ) beautiful . ( beat ) very beautiful . Zev 's finger dance across the key . his soul be waltzing . ext . tran - CANADA highway - day 51 a bus cruise west on the tran -canada highway through Ontario , manitoba , saskatchewan and alberta ... ext . bus station - day 52 Zev change bus , guide by the letter . int . bus - day - later 53 Zev stare out the window , take in the beauty of the north . he watch farmer on tractor , cow pasture and valley turn into mountain range . ext . coutt , CANADA - border crossing - day - later 54 the bus join the traffic at the coutt - sweetgrass border . through the window we can see Zev take off he blazer . it work once , it 'il work again . ext . interstate 15 south - day - later 55 the bus travel south through Montana , pass great Falls , helena and butte ... int . bus - day - later 56 Zev read the letter for the thousandth time . after a beat , he glance out the window at cowboys riding broncos . 57 58 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 41 ext . interstate 15 south - day - later 57 the bus pass in the foreground , a minute spec set against the rocky mountain . int . boise holiday inn - day 58 Zev enter the hotel lobby . the receptionist , cheerful on the verge of annoyance , give a big warm smile . receptionist hi! welcome to boise . zev thank you . receptionist do you have a reservation ? zev yes . the last name be guttman . g-u - t-t-m-a-n . the receptionist type in Zev 's name . receptionist Queen bed , non smoking . and I have a note here that you 's 1ll be need a taxi tomorrow at 8 a.m. zev yes . that be right . receptionist well , we complimentary breakfast start at 6 a.m. so , if you want to fill up before you hit the road , we will have plenty to eat . the receptionist hand Zev he room key . receptionist ( cont ’d ) if there 's anything else we can do for you , please let we know . zev there be one thing . ( slightly embarrassed ) I forget to pack extra clothes . the receptionist smile at Zev. ( more ) 58 59 60 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 42 continued : 58 receptionist we can help you out with that . we downtown shuttle leave every hour on the hour and make a stop at the mall on North milwaukee street . I be sure you can find whatever you need there . int . department store - day - later 59 Zev , still hold he toiletry bag , stand at the intersection of two perpendicular , glimmer white aisle ; view from above it would look like he be the nail in the center of a large , shiny crucifix . he look around , try to navigate the store . he begin to walk forward , follow the aisle like a runway . he pass the automotive section , then appliance , then wander through woman 's lingerie and into electronics where he approach a keyboard and gently brushes he finger over the key ... int . department store - day - later 60 Zev stand in the man 's clothing section , look at button down shirt . a worker , 20 , eager to help , approach . worker can I help you find anything ? zev I be look for a new shirt . worker well , we be have a great sale on short - sleeve button downs . want I to show you ? zev yes . thank you . the worker lead Zev to the sale rack . worker you can always get the best deal at the end of the season . the worker give Zev a big , friendly smile . 61 62 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 43 int . department —- check out - day - later 61 a black short -sleeve button down shirt , khaki pant , a pack of white brief and sock slowly travel down a cashier 's conveyor belt . ext . mall parking lot - day - moment later 62 Zev exit the store , hold a plastic bag . as he pass the magnetic anti-shoplift detector , the alarm sound . Zev pay it no heed and continue to walk through the automatic slide door . he only get a few foot outside before a security guard , 30 , overweight , catch up to he . security guard Excuse I , sir . you set off the alarm . I need to check you bag . zev do I look like a thief ? security guard it 's not my job to say who do and do not look like a shoplifter . it 's just my job to check anyone who set off the alarm . the security guard look into the bag , pull out the receipt and verify the purchase . he then find a security tag on Zev 's new shirt ... security guard ( cont ’d ) there 's the culprit . the security guard use a tool to take off the tag . security guard ( cont ’d ) ( be : toiletry bag ) I be still gonna need to look in you other bag too , sir . zev it just have my toiletry . security guard then it will not be a problem . Zev open the toiletry bag . the security guard look inside and see the Glock . he look at Zev quizzically . security guard ( cont ’d ) be that a Glock ? ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 62 continued : 7 '' 62 Zev sheepishly nod , ready for a problem . security guard ( cont ’d ) that bring back memory . that be my first gun . ( more ) 62 63 64 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 44 continued : 62 zev I be sorry for bring it into the store . security guard no need to apologize . you can never be too careful this day . the security guard zipper the bag close for Zev. security guard ( cont ’d ) have a good day . the security guard smile at Zev and head back into the store . Zev let out a deep exhale and then walk toward the holiday Inn complimentary shuttle van . int . charle 's house - night 63 Charles sit in front of he computer , talk on the phone . he 's tired and frustrated . charle I have be on hold for fifteen minute . ( beat ) like I say to the last person who put I on hold , I be look for my father . he 's 90 - year - old and he go wander a few day ago . have anyone be bring into the hospital -- ( beat ) I have already call the police . int . boise holiday inn - restaurant - morning 64 some HOTEL guest pile breakfast food onto they white ceramic plate while other wait for they bread / bagel / muffin to finish its journey on a large toaster conveyor belt . some other guest sit at table read the newspaper , type on they laptop or prepping for a work meeting . two kide , full of energy , run around play tag . they father try to wrangle they in but it 's hopeless . Zev sit at a table , wear he new clothing , eat toast rye bread and drink coffee . he read the letter , which rest on the table . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 45 64 continued : 64 a waiter walk around , refilling coffee mug . he approach Zev ... waiter would you like a refill ? zev yes . thank you . waiter you be very welcome . the waiter start to pour the coffee in Zev 's mug . zev can you tell I how far bruneau be from here ? waiter I have never actually be to bruneau but it 's in owyhee county so I would say it should probably take you about thirty , forty minute or so . ( beat ) watcha do in bruneau ? zev I be go to see someone . waiter well , I hope you have a nice trip . I hear it 's beautiful country down there -- jeez ! the two kid play tag run by and bump the waiter , who accidentally spill some coffee on the table -- there 's a SMALL puddle of coffee on zev' letter ! waiter ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry ! I get coffee on you letter . the waiter take a napkin and try to soak up the spill , make it worse . zev oh gott. oh gott . please be careful !!! you be ruin my letter !!! everyone turn to Zev who be shouting , cause a scene . ( more ) 64 65 66 67 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 46 continued : 64 zev ( cont 'd ) this letter be very important !!! waiter I be sorry . it be a accident . zev stop ! stop ! let I do it . you be ruin it ! Zev sponge up the coffee and do the best he can to save the letter . int . HOTEL room - bathroom - day - moment later 65 Zev blow - dry the paper ; there 's coffee stain on the page but all the information be still legible . there 's just a line or two that 's smear and a little difficult to read . int . HOTEL room - bedroom - day - moment later 66 Zev sit down at the small desk and , use he pen , trace over the word that have be smear . he do this with the steady hand and detail of a forger . he read aloud , word by word , as he trace : zev besides - I - you - be - the - only - person - who - could - still ... Zev take a quick break and flexe he arthritic hand . zev ( cont 'd ) - recognize - the - face - of - the - man - who - murder - we - family . omitted 67 ( more ) 67 68 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 47 continued : 67 ext . rudy kurlander # 3's house - bruneau , idaho - day 68 the taxi pull into the driveway of a run-down house . the paint be chip , the grass be overgrown and giant pile of dog shit be scattered in the front yard like land mine . the house be on the outskirt of town with no neighbor in sight . Zev get out of the taxi and walk to the front door , carry the plastic bag with he old clothes and toiletry bag inside of it . before he ring the bell , a dog start barking . this be not the cute woof of a poodle but the howl of something big and mean . the killer dog claw at the front door from the inside . this scare Zev , who stumble a few step back . after a moment , Zev build up he nerve and ring the doorbell . there 's no answer except for louder bark and more agitate claw . Zev stare at the door as the taxi driver walk up behind . taxi driver nobody 's home ? Zev turn around and look at the driver . zev no . taxi driver want I to take you somewhere else ? zev no . I will wait . taxi driver I know I be suppose to stick around but I get a couple other pick - up this morning . the driver pull a business card out of he wallet . taxi driver ( cont 'd ) give I a call when you want I to get you . ( motion at the house ) or maybe you buddy can drive you back . ( more ) 68 69 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 48 continued : 68 zev how much do I owe you ? taxi driver sixty . Zev open the envelope and pay the driver , include a tip . taxi driver ( cont 'd ) thanks . just call I if you need a ride later . the taxi driver walk back to he car and take off . with nothing else to do , Zev take a seat on the front step and wait . ext . rudy kurlander # 3's house - day - later 69 the sun blare down and fall 's wind blow , unhinder by the open dune . Zev continue to sit on the front step , read the letter and stare at the occasional car that pass in this not - — so-trafficked neighborhood . the handwritten message on he hand -- '' read letter '' -- be beginning to fade . a northwest courier truck pull up in front of the house . the courier hop out , carry a small BOX , dodge the dog shit and approach the front door . courier ' Morning . zev good morning . the courier drop off the box by the front door . the dog , agitate , woof and scrape from the inside ... courier ( to the dog ) ' Morning to you too , sweetie . the courier then walk back across the dung cover front grass , get into he truck and pull away . when the truck be out of site , Zev stand up and check out the box . he scan for the addressee - J. kurlander - and get verification he 's at the right place . ( more ) 69 70 71 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 49 continued : 69 with nothing but time to kill , Zev sit back down on the porch , once again anger the canine . int . max 's live room - evening 70 Max sit in he wheelchair , oxygen clip in he nostril , half watch CNN and half watch the telephone . his aide sit on the couch , a few foot away , read a book . max's aide it 's dinner time , Mr. rosenbaum . max bring I back -- some food . max's aide be you sure ? you have not be out of the apartment all day . max yes . the aide shrug it off and head out of the room . Max do not want to leave the phone . ext . rudy kurlander # 3's house - late afternoon 71 Zev watch the sunset over the bruneau Sand dune when a blue suv , siren on the roof , pull into the driveway . a official Idaho state logo decal be on the front door and '' state police '' be print above the front tire . JOHN kurlander , 5as , slightly overweight , step out of the suv wear he State trooper uniform , include he campaign style hat . John nearly make it all the way up to he front door before he see Zev . JOHN can I help you with something ? Zev lick he lip , he mouth be completely dry out . he have not have a drink since breakfast . zev I be look for rudy kurlander . JOHN you come to the right place but you be a little late . ( more ) ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 50 71 continued : 71 JOHN ( cont 'd ) my old man pass away about three month ago . Zev attempt to process this information . zev I do not know . JOHN you be wait here long ? zev all day . John can hear the parchedness of Zev 's voice . JOHN you want a drink ? zev a drink would be good . JOHN come on in . I could use another drink myself . what do you want ? beer ? Water ? whiskey ? zev Water , please . John see the box by the front door . he pick it up , open the front door and be greet by he large german shepherd . JOHN do Eva miss she daddy ? John bend down and pet the slobbering dog . the screen door close behind he , with Zev still on the outside . zev I be very scared of dog . JOHN do not worry , Eva 's all bark and no bite . zev I be sure that 's true but I be very scared . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 51 71 continued : 71 JOHN okay , no problem . ( to the dog ) sorry babe , we get company . John hang he campaign hat on a hook , revealing a nearly bald head . he then lead the dog into a back bedroom . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( call back ) come on in . there 's nothing to be scared of now . Zev enter the house which be barren . there 's not much for furniture except a old couch , some recline chair and a relatively archaic television set . this be the house of someone who do not spend much time at home . there 's a couple of picture on the wall , which draw Zev 's attention . he approach a photo and stare at rudy kurlander # 3 , who stand with John and a teenage boy . JOHN ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) that 's from my kid 's high school graduation . dad love that picture . ( beat ) here 's you water . John hand Zev a glass of water ; he 's get a tumbler of whiskey himself . Zev take the glass and downs it . zev when be that photo take ? you father look quite young . John make himself comfortable by take off he gun belt and place it on the tv . he also untuck and unbutton he uniform top , revealing the front of a sweat stain undershirt . JOHN ' 97 . my dad age well . he always say that be one of the kurlander 's good gene . Zev finish he water . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( laugh to himself ) look like you be thirstier than eva. ( beat ) you want another ? ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 52 71 continued : 71 zev please . and then I promise not to bother you for long . John take the cup and head to the kitchen . JOHN it 's no bother at all . stay as long as you would like . Zev stare at the photo again , deep in think . zev ( to himself ) 1997 . JOHN ( 0.c . ) ever since dad die it 's be pretty lonely out here . you know , I be out drive around all day , * do my round , with nothing but the radio and the occasional dispatch . John return with more water for Zev and more whiskey for himself ; he 's a functional alcoholic . Zev take a seat on the couch and place the plastic bag down next to he . JOHN ( cont 'd ) it 's nice to have someone to talk to when I get home . Eva 's great and all but she 's not much for conversation . zev you be not marry ? JOHN be twice . the first one take my * house , the second one leave before * the quarry take this one . that * be , hell , about seven year ago already . I would not mind get another but bruneau be not exactly the best singles scene ... ( laugh ) .».- and I be not exactly the best single . Zev take a sip of water . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 53 71 continued : 71 zev do you father ever talk to you about Germany ? JOHN you kid ? he could not stop talk about Germany . John take off he boot . zev do he talk to you about the war ? JOHN of course . ( beat ) you know he be a collector , right ? Zev shake he head . he do not know anything . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I have still get a bunch of stuff in he room . you want to see ? Zev nod yes and be lead down the hall by John . 72 int . rudy kurlander # 3’s bedroom - late afternoon 72 John and Zev walk into the dark room . JOHN be careful , there 's some box on the floor . let I just flip on the lamp . the bedside lamp turn on , dimly lighting the room . however , despite the light , one could not miss the frame nazi flag on the wall . Zev stare at the flag , heart start to race ... JOHN ( cont 'd ) that be dad 's pride and joy . the dealer he buy it from swore it be fly in Berlin on November 9 , 1938 . zev kristallnacht . John smile . ( more ) 72 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 54 continued : 72 JOHN dad always use to say how that flag get to witness the beginning of history . they both mull this over for very different reason . zev what be in the box ? JOHN a bunch of dad 's other prize piece . I sell most of the collection already but this be the thing he be sentimental about . I have not be able to let myself get rid of ‘em . ( beat ) you be welcome to take a look . zev thank you . John smile at Zev . he want he to look ; he want to show they off . Zev sit down on the bed and open a box . John proudly watch as Zev remove a Iron Cross and a old weathered copy of mein kampf . JOHN that 's a first printing . I have a guy offer I six grand for it but I could not part with it . ( beat ) I guess I be just as sentimental as my old man . Eva start to bark in the background . JOHN ( cont 'd ) go ahead and check out whatever you want . I be gonna give Eva she dinner . John walk down the hallway , leave Zev alone with the collection . Zev slowly remove a few more article , take each one in : a walther p38 , a frame map and a black and white candid photo of himmler at he desk . after stare at the photo for a minute , Zev remove the final article : a well pressed ss uniform . Zev hold the uniform by a hanger ; he hand shake uncontrollably . his eye narrow at the haunt memory . ( more ) 72 73 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 55 continued : 72 JOHN ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) priceless , right ? Zev , startle , look up and see John in the doorway . he nod confirmation to John 's question . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I know I should not have it stuff in a box . my dad would never forgive I . John take the uniform and hook the hanger on a nail , just above a mirror . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you want another drink ? zev yes . that would be good . JOHN more water or something a little stronger ? zev maybe something stronger . JOHN now you be speak my language . ( beat ) let 's go back in the live room . this be not exactly the most cheery room to talk in . Zev stand up and catch he reflection in the mirror . with a small gap between the top of the uniform and mirror , it look as if he be wear the uniform . after the briefest of moment , he follow John down the hallway . int . live room - late afternoon - moment later 73 Zev sit back down on the couch , next to the plastic bag . his mind be racing . be the man he 's try to kill already dead ? John walk back in with another tumbler and a half empty bottle of whiskey . he give the tumbler to Zev and fill up both they glass . JOHN to dad . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15-14 ) 73 continued : 73 John tap Zev 's glass with he own . Zev do not know whether to drink after this cheer . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 56 73 continued : 73 he process some inner think -- probably damn the soul of the man -- and then sip he drink . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you know , my father be there that night . zev what night ? JOHN kristallnacht . ( beat ) he tell I he use a hammer to bust a bunch of jewelry shop window . he ever tell you that story ? Zev shake he head no and sip the whiskey . John take a big sip himself , start to get buzze . JOHN ( cont 'd ) it 's too bad you do not come here before dad die . every once ina while he have have some old buddy come over and they would tell storey all night long . he love to talk about the old day . ( beat ) you okay ? you be sweat . zev I feel a little hot . JOHN take off you jacket . make yourself comfortable . Zev take off he jacket . with he new short sleeve shirt on , he blue number tattoo be visible . however , John do not see it . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you be also more than welcome to stay here tonight if you do not mind sleep in dad 's old bed . zev thank you but I will leave soon . JOHN well , the offer 's on the table . a friend of my dad 's be a friend of mine . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 57 73 continued : 73 John finish he tumbler and refill he glass . JOHN ( cont 'd ) do you serve with my old man ? zev no . JOHN how have you know he ? Zev contemplate he answer and then respond with the truth . zev I know he from auschwitz . John freeze for a second and stare at Zev. a thousand thought run through he head ... .-- until he start laugh . JOHN yeah , right . my dad wish he serve at auschwitz . ( laugh ) you know he from auschwitz ! Holy shit ! that 's too funny ! Zev 's confuse -- not because of the dementia but because of the information John be say . zev you father be not at auschwitz ? JOHN you be serious ? ( off Zev 's nod ) my father be a cook in the army . zev you father be not a blockfiihrer ? JOHN I do not even know what that be but my father be ten when the war start . all the Germans let he do be smash some window and cook a lot of wiener schnitzel . John laugh to himself . he probably ribbed he old man about this a thousand time . ( more ) 73 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 58 continued : 73 Zev take in this information ... zev I be sorry to have bother you . I have the wrong rudy kurlander . JOHN whoah . whoah . whoah . hold on a second . ( beat ) be you at auschwitz ? Zev nod yes . John 's excitement be evident . JOHN ( cont 'd ) no way . you be at auschwitz ?! none of my dad 's buddy actually serve at a camp . ( beat ) dad would have love to talk with you . zev I must go . I have bother you enough . Zev start to stand . JOHN bother ? you be not bother I at all . seriously . please stay . I would love to hear some storey if you do not mind share . zev thank you for the drink but I need to rest . I feel very tired . Zev hand John he glass . John take it and sees the blue number tattoo ! JOHN what be that ? John point at the tattoo . Zev look at it , petrify . JOHN ( cont 'd ) the fuck be that ? zev please , I must go . I make a mistake . John look disgust and nearly spit out ... ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 59 73 continued : 73 JOHN be you a Jew ? Zev nod yes . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you be a Jew ? what the fuck be go on here ? zev I be sorry . please I must go . Zev start to put on he jacket and stand up . JOHN sit the fuck down . use just he index finger , John push Zev down on the couch . with the commotion , Eva start go ballistic in the bedroom . zev I be sorry . please let I go . JOHN I want to know why the fuck you be at my house . zev I make a mistake . you father be the wrong rudy kurlander . JOHN you say you be my father 's friend . you lie to I . zev I do not lie . I do not lie . bark ! bark ! bark ! JOHN Jesus fuck Christ . you say you be my father 's friend and you come into my house and drank my whiskey , you dirty fuck Jew . ( call back ) Eva , shut the fuck up ! John 's rage be quickly grow . in the background , Eva have seemingly almost claw through the door . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 60 73 continued : 73 zev please stop yell ! I will go . Zev stand up but get push down again . a little harder this time . JOHN sit the fuck down ! you need to answer some question for I right fuck now ! Zev piss he pants in fear . JOHN ( cont 'd ) Holy shit ! do you just piss you pants on my fuck couch ?! zev I be sorry . JOHN what the fuck ?! Eva 's bark grow louder in response to John 's yell . zev stop yell ! bark ! bark ! bark !! JOHN be you give I a fuck order , Jew ? ( beat ) Eva , shut the fuck up ! zev I must go . I make a mistake . JOHN you be not go anywhere ! you know what my father would say if he know a Jew be in he house . he have say Heil fuck hitler. ( yell ) Heil Hitler ! zev stop ! in the background , Eva be ready to tear the head off a bear . John be not too far behind . ( more ) 73 74 75 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 61 continued : 73 JOHN Heil Hitler ! zev stop ! please stop ! JOHN Heil Hitler ! Heil Hitler ! John be all testosterone . bark ! bark ! bark ! JOHN ( cont 'd ) Eva , shut the fuck up ! John march down the hallway ... int . hallway - continuous 74 John approach the bedroom door . JOHN Eva , what the fuck be you problem ?! John open the door and grab Eva by the collar . Eva 's bark turn into growls . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you want to meet a real life fuck Jew ! John let go of Eva 's collar and she fly down the hallway , toward the live room . she turn the corner and ... bang ! !!!!! int . live room - continuous 75 Zev stand in front of the couch , hold the Glock . Eva , lay on the floor , twitching in a quickly grow pool of blood . John be a step behind ... JOHN the fuck do you do ? Zev point the gun at John . bang ! !!!!! ( more ) 75 76 77 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 62 continued : 75 Zev fire off a shot that hit John right in the gut . it do not put he down though . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you fuck kike ! John hold he hand to he gut as blood spurt out of the hole . John take a deep inhale and start walk toward he gun belt on the tv ... bang !!!1 !! Zev shoot John in the face - brain , tissue and blood fly out the side of he head onto the wall . John immediately drop to the floor , a puddle of blood pool around he . Zev stand , surveying the scene . he gently place down the gun on the coffee table and begin to rub he hand . the gun 's recoil -- albeit weak -- have hurt he arthritic joint . he slowly rotate he wrist , clearly in pain . Zev take out the letter and shakily cross out rudy kurlander # 3 's name and write , '' not he . '' Zev put the letter back into he jacket ... he then stand up , try to compose himself ... he slowly start to shuffle out of the room . however , there 's a river of blood to cross . although it 's only about six inch in width , it take considerable concentration and agility to step over it ... Zev do not completely clear it . his heel dip into the dark red fluid , result in a snail 's trail of blood as he make he way out of the room ... int . kitchen - late afternoon - moment later 76 Zev walk into the kitchen and turn on the sink faucet . he wet he parched mouth and splashes water on he face . once hydrate , he open the freezer and take out a ice cube tray . the tray be empty . as a substitute for the ice it should contain , Zev take the tray and hold it against he wrist . int . bathroom - moment later 77 Zev walk into the bathroom . he approach the medicine cabinet and open it up . in the reflection of the mirror we can see John 's bathrobe hang on the back of the door . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 -14 ) 63 continued : 77 there 's not much inside the cabinet except for some q-tip , a nail clipper and prescription pill bottle that belong to John 's father . Zev find a bottle of codeine and struggle to open it ; child safety lock be pretty effective on one- hand senior too . finally he get the top open and spill half the pill into the sink and onto the ground . Zev manage to get one in he hand , which he then place in he mouth and wash down with water . Zev then look at he urine soak pants , turn on the shower and climb in . behind the thick , frost glass , Zev strip down and scrub he body , accidentally wash off the message on he hand ... int . JOHN 's bedroom - late afternoon - moment later 78 wrapped in John 's robe , Zev , stagger into the bedroom in a codeine daze . he practically collapse on the bed and crawl to the center of the mattress -- still wet , dog hair stick to he body ... Zev reach up for a pillow , pull it under he head and instantaneously fall asleep on top of the blanket . int . max's bedroom - night 79 Max lay in bed , eye wide open , stare at the cordless phone on the bedside table , beckone it to ring . it 's be deathly silent all day . fade to : int . JOHN 's bedroom —- morning 80 Zev be sound asleep , perhaps even dead . John 's home phone ring and ring and finally the answer machine pick up . JOHN ( recorded ) you have reach John kurlander . leave I a message and I will get back to you . or if it 's a emergency , call my cell phone . female voice ( on machine ) where you at ? you be a half hour late and I can not cover you ass all morning . ( exasperate ) I swear you best be have car trouble and not sleep one off again . ( more ) 80 81 82 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 64 continued : 80 click . message over . after a beat ... zev Ruth ? be you talk to I ? Zev open he eye ; the cloud of confusion be a cumulo - nimbus . Zev slowly turn over and see the room be empty . zev ( cont 'd ) Ruth ? do you say something to I ? Ruth ?! Zev try to push himself up but grimace in pain when he put pressure on he right hand . zev ( cont 'd ) Ruth , my hand hurt . Ruth ?! Ruth , please come here . my hand hurt . Ruth ?! silence . Zev slowly swing he leg over the side of the bed and manage to sit up . he find himself stare into a full length mirror on the closet door . confused , he brushes off the german shepherd hair from he body . Zev get to he foot and shuffles he way out of the bedroom ... int . hallway - continuous 81 Zev walk down the hallway ... zev Ruth ? Ruth , where be you ? buzzz2zz . as he approach the live room , he can hear a buzzing every few second . buzzz2zz . int . live room - morning - continuous 82 buzzz2zz . the sound come from John 's cell phone which , still in he pants , vibrate against the wooden floor . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 65 82 continued : 82 Zev step into the live room which be illuminate by sunshine pour through the window . Zev see the carnage . the two circle of blood have congeal and a army of ant march around the edge . a few fly hover around the corpse . although it 's only be twelve hour , John 's body look ghostly white . zev oh gott . Zev start to cry ... zev ( cont 'd ) Ruth !!! Ruth !!! as fast as he can , brace himself against wall and on furniture , Zev frantically search the house . 83 int . kitchen - continuous 83 empty . 84 int . laundry room - continuous 84 empty . 85 int . rudy kurlander # 3’s bedroom - morning - continuous 85 Zev see the frame Nazi flag on the wall . zev Ruth !!! 86 int . closet - continuous 86 empty . 87 int . bathroom - continuous 87 empty . Zev spot he soile clothes in the shower stall . 87a int . live room - continuous 87a Zev walk back into the live room , nearly defeat . he then spot he jacket on the couch . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15-14 ) 87a continued : 87a halfway out of the pocket , call to he , be the letter . he eye it , instinctively know it contain something important . remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 66 int . max 's live room - morning 88 Max sit in he wheelchair , stare out the window . he look exhaust , barely have sleep the night before . in he hand , he hold the cordless phone . after a long beat , the phone ring . Max answer it as quickly as he can . max Zev? zev ( over the phone ) be this Max ? max yes. ( deep breath ) where have -- you be ? beat . zev ( over the phone ) I kill a man . a light spark in Max 's eye . max now be -- the hardest part . ( deep breath ) you must -- call the police . ( deep breath ) you must -- Zev cut he off . zev ( over the phone ) he be not the man we be look for . Max look very disturbed . his breath become more frequent . max who -- be -- he ? zev ( over the phone ) he be a much young man . I look in he wallet . it say John kurlander . he be a Nazi . max how -- do -- you -- know ? ( more ) 88 89 90 91 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 67 continued : 88 zev ( over the phone ) there be many Nazi thing in the house . many thing . int . rudy kurlander # 3's house - live room - continuous 89 Zev sit on the couch , still in John 's robe . the cell phone continue to vibrate against the floor . buzzz2zz . there 's a long silence . Max be shake on the other end of the line . max ( over the phone ) I be sorry . ( breath ) this be not -- what we set out -- to do . ( long breath ) do you still -- want to continue ? zev yes . I must finish . ( beat ) this be the man who kill we family . ( beat ) Goodbye , Max . max ( over the phone ) Goodbye , Zev. Zev hang up the phone . he take a moment to gather he thought and then pick up the Glock from the coffee table . after a beat , he reach into the plastic bag and begin to put on he old clothes . ext . rudy kurlander # 3's house - day - later 90 the same taxi from the day before pull into the driveway . Zev walk down the front path toward it , wear he old clothes , once again only carry he toiletry bag . he go on . he persevere ... ext . interstate 80 - night 91 Zev stare out the window as he bus power past the great Salt Lake in Utah , the vast desert of nevada and into the wilderness of northern California . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 68 continued : 91 exhaustion begin to tug on Zev 's eyelid . he fight to keep they open , know he will have a clean slate when he awake . however , perhaps forget today be for the best . ext . STREET / reno bus station - day 92 the bus have come to the end of the line . with the help of the bus driver , passengers unload they suitcase from the bottom of the Greyhound . Zev step off the bus , hold he toiletry bag . from the look on he face , it 's clear he just wake up and be extremely confuse . zev Ruth ? Zev weave through the crowd of passenger , not see he wife . but then , in the distance , he eye lock on someone . zev ( cont 'd ) Ruth ! a woman , 40s , brown hair , medium height , on the thicker side , walk on the sidewalk , across the street . zev ( cont 'd ) Ruth ! Ruth ! without give it a second think , Zev cross the street , not look to see if the traffic be clear . a car slam on its brake , nearly run he over . however , this do not hinder he chase . zev ( cont 'd ) Ruth ! another car screech to a halt and honk at Zev , slightly startling he . he continue to race after the woman until he trip on the curb . he try to brace he fall with he right arm ... crunch ... and break he brittle wrist . zev ( cont 'd ) owwwwwwwlllt Zev lay on the ground in pain as a small crowd gather . someone take out they cell to call 9 - 1 - 1 ... ( more ) 92 93 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 69 continued : 92 zev ( cont 'd ) Ruth ! int . charle 's house - home office - night 93 Charles , look emotionally drain , stare at he laptop , surfing the internet for possible lead . after a beat , the phone ring . Charles answer it . charle hello ? ( beat ) yes . Rebecca appear in the doorway . charle ( cont 'd ) oh , thank god . thank you so much . Charles listen to the person on the other end of the line . a look of concern slowly come across he face . charle ( cont 'd ) be he okay ? ( beat ) he have dementia . ( beat ) where be you ? i’1l come right now . ( confuse ) reno ? Rebecca give Charles a bewilder look -- nevada ? Charles grab a pen and start to write : '' St. Mary 's Regional Medical center. 775-770-3000 '' charle ( cont 'd ) I will get there as soon as I can . ( beat ) be it possible to talk to my dad ? ( beat ) thank you again . Charles be put on hold and turn to Rebecca . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15-14 ) 93 continued : 93 charle ( cont 'd ) dad fall . they say he 's really confuse . they be hold he for observation . rebecca i’1l call the travel agent . Rebecca take out she cell and scroll through she contact . charle Book I the first flight out there . I do not care if I have to connect five time . remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 70 int . saint mary regional medical CENTER - reno - night 94 wearing a gown and a splint on he right arm , Zev lay on a hospital bed , mindlessly watch cartoon on he television . he laugh out loud , have a grand old time . a man , 40 , hook up to monitor , sleep in the bed next to he . keeping the man company be he daughter , molly , 8 , and he wife , molly 's mom . Molly do she homework , half focus , as she watch the cartoon on Zev 's tv . the phone ring next to Zev. with only one good arm , he struggle to sit up . once comfortable , he answer it ... zev hello . ( beat ) hi , Charles . yes . yes . I be fine . I tell the doctor not to disturb you . please do not worry about I . ( beat ) no. no. no . do not come to the hospital . you mother will pick I up . ( beat ) yes , I be fine . Goodbye . Zev 's injury have multiply the extent of he symptom . it 's not clear where and when he think he be . he turn back to the cartoon and almost instantaneously start laugh again . his laugh be join by a high pitch , giggly one . Zev glance to he leave and see Molly watch the tv . zev ( cont 'd ) do you like cartoon ? Molly nod . molly I like Disney Channel . zev you like mickey mouse ? molly no. I like phineas and ferb . zev never hear of they . Molly 's Mom notice a doctor , 5as , in the hallway . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 71 94 continued : 94 molly mom I all be right back , sweetie . Molly 's mom exit the room and quickly catch up to the doctor in the hallway , they back toward Molly . they conversation be whisper and can not be hear . when the commercial come on ... zev you name be Molly ? molly Molly Elizabeth . zev do you like sweet , Molly Elizabeth ? Molly smile and nod . zev ( cont 'd ) there should be some caramel in my jacket . I always keep some there for my grandchild . Molly hop down from she chair , place she textbook on she dad 's bed , and walk to Zev 's jacket . she fish around for candy but come up empty . molly I can not find any . zev if there 's none there , I be sure my wife will have some when she come . Molly pull out the letter from the jacket 's inside pocket . she look at '' zev '' write across the envelope . molly be you Zev ? zev yes . molly can I open you letter ? ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 72 94 continued : 94 Zev nod . Molly open the envelope like it 's a gift . as she unfold it , the last two hundred dollar bill fall out . molly ( cont 'd ) whoah , you be rich . Zev stare at the money , have no idea why it 's there . Molly collect it and hand it to he . molly ( cont 'd ) this be yours . zev thank you . Molly examine the letter , turn to the last page . molly who 's Max ? zev I be not sure . Zev 's confusion make Molly uncomfortable so he try to put she back at ease ... zev ( cont 'd ) would you like to read the letter to I ? Molly nod and turn back to the first page . she begin to read , struggle with many of the hard , unfamiliar word ... molly Zev , there be some difficult thing you must know . firstly , Ruth have pass away . she have cancer . she love you and you be with she , hold she hand , at the end . Zev silently absorb this horrible news . molly ( cont 'd ) secondly , you have de-men-tia . ( more ) ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 73 94 continued : 94 molly ( cont 'd ) recently you have be forget many thing ... ( look up ) that 's normal . Old people always forget thing . Zev nod . this be a lot to take in . molly ( cont 'd ) «»+ . so you must keep this letter with you at all time and never show it to anyone . ( beat ) you and I be both au-sch - witz survivor . zev auschwitz . molly look at you leave arm -- you be prisoner 98814 . Zev look at the blue tattoo . the memory begin to flood back into he dry out brain . molly ( cont 'd ) when the war end I promise myself I would find the man re-spon - sible . work with Simon wie -en - thal I have help to capture dozen of former Nazis all around the world . Molly look up from the letter . molly ( cont 'd ) what 's a Nazi ? zev a bad person . fade to : 95 96 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 74 int . max's live room - night 95 Max and Zev sit together at the dining room table . Max hold file close to he chest . they be stamp '' confidential '' . max ( v.o. ) there have be rumor for year that a number of auschwitz ss officer steal the identity of decease prisoner near the end of the war . ( beat ) shortly after my stroke , evidence be find that a auschwitz blockfiihrer emigrate from Germany in the 1940 's and be most likely live under the name rudy kurlander . Max hold up a photograph which we can not see . max ( v.o. ) his real name be otto wallisch . Zev 's face remain stoic , without a hint of recognition . int . max's bedroom - night 96 with every ounce of he strength , Max carefully write the letter as if he be scribing a sefer torah . max ( v.o. ) the Simon wiesenthal Center have find four rudy kurlander who emigrate during that period . however , there be not enough proof to arrest any of they . unfortunately , because of my weaken state , I have not be able to travel to identify he . on the wall in front of Max , above he desk , be picture attest to he honorable life . ( more ) 96 97 98 99 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 75 continued : 96 there 's a photo of he with eli wiesel . and one at the open of the holocaust museum , and at yad vashem , and lecture at the museum of tolerance . max ( v.o. ) but then six month ago , God smile upon I when you move to the senior housing community . I immediately recognize you from auschwitz , although you do not remember I . int . administrative office - copy room - day 97 Max sit in he wheelchair , eye level to a copy machine . the neon green light of the scanner glow across he face . max ( v.o. ) we be the last live survivor from we prison block . besides I , you be the only person who could still recognize the face of the man who murder we family . ( beat ) you must find otto wallisch . fade back to : omitted 98 int . saint mary medical CENTER - night - back in real tim '' Molly continue to read the letter to Zev , however it be Max 's voice we hear . max ( v.o. ) Simon wie-sen - thal would not condone this mission . he in - sisted that all war cri-minals be give public trial . Zev nervously glance at Molly 's sleep father , who stir a little ... ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 16 99 continued : 99 max ( v.o. ) however , we cannot give Wall -isch that op - por-tun-ity . even if there be enough proof , he , like we , would probably die before he could be extra-dited to Germany . we have agree that otto wall-isch must die . Max 's voice fade back to Molly 's ... molly you must kill he . ( beat ) you promise to go once Ruth die . you promise I and you promise Ruth . Molly look up from the letter . zev you do a very good job . Zev smile at Molly with tear in he eye . but there be more behind that blue eye -- there be fire . he 's be reignite . molly who 's Ruth ? zev my wife . molly I think she be bring I candy ? zev I think so too . 100 int . hospital hallway - a few minute later 100 from afar , the doctor finish talk to Molly 's mom and give she a comforting smile and a pat on the shoulder . molly mom thank you . ( more ) 100 101 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) continued : 100 as the doctor walk to the nurse 's station , Molly 's mom wipe away some tear . she put on a strong face and head back into the room ... int . hospital room - night - continuous 101 ..- where she see Molly sit cross-legged on Zev 's bed alone , watch the cartoon . ( more ) 101 102 103 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 17 continued : 101 molly 's mom Molly , you should not be sit on the nice man 's bed ? molly it 's okay . he have to go kill a Nazi . molly mom what ? molly he have to kill a Nazi . a Nazi be a bad person . ext . saint mary regional medical CENTER - night 102 Zev shuffles out of the hospital , carry he toiletry bag . nobody stop he . conveniently wait in front be a few reno taxis . Zev approach one and the taxi driver lower the window . Zev read from the letter ... zev I need to go to the holiday Inn at 3961 Lake tahoe boulevard in South Lake tahoe . taxi driver South Lake ? that 's over a hour away . zev I have money . Zev show the last two hundred dollar bill to the taxi driver . taxi driver hop in . Zev get in and the taxi pull away . ext . tahoe - night 103 the night be perfectly clear . silhouettes of white - cap mountain stand behind the depth of South Lake tahoe . 104 105 106 107 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 78 int . reno taxi - continuous 104 Zev read the letter by the faint glow of the interior dome light . we can see line draw through the step that have already be complete . max ( v.o. ) I have plan everything for you . you must follow this step precisely . Cross they off as you accomplish each task . step 1 : open you closet . on the floor be you black toiletry bag . it 's already pack . step 2 : quietly go outside the housing community at 3:00 a.m . a taxi will pick you up and bring you to Penn Station ... there 's no confusion in Zev 's eye . he be sharp and focus and know exactly what he must do . ext . tahoe holiday inn - night - later 105 the taxi pull up to the hotel . int . HOTEL room - night - later 106 Zev walk into the room and sit down on the bed . he continue to read the letter ... int . max 's bedroom - night 107 Max lay in bed , read he photocopy of the letter . he 's be follow along every step of the way . however , he 's once again on a emotional roller coaster , not know why Zev 's be side - track . the phone ring . Max reach for the phone on he bedside table and rest it on the pillow next to he ear . max Zev ? zev ( over the phone ) yes . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 79 107 continued : 107 max thank god . ( beat ) where be you ? zev ( over the phone ) tahoe . ( beat ) I read the letter . Max catch he breath . max you understand -- what you must do ? zev ( over the phone ) I understand . Max draw a few deep breath . max good . 108 int . tahoe holiday inn - front desk -— morning 108 Zev shuffles up to the front desk . nobody be there . Zev ring a bell and a receptionist , the snowboarder type , come out from a back room . receptionist good morning . zev I would like to check out . Zev place he room key on the counter . the receptionist look at the bill on the computer . receptionist that 'il be $ 106.20 . Zev open the envelope . it 's empty . he take out he wallet and count the money inside it ... zev I will not have enough money for the taxi . the receptionist smile and motion at the credit card in Zev 's wallet . receptionist we take credit card too . 109 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 80 ext . airport rental car lot - day 109 Charles , with he carry - on sling over he shoulder and he cell phone press to he ear , approach a rental car office . he look exhaust after a long night of travel . charle hey . I just get you message . ( beat ) the hell be he do in tahoe ? ( beat ) I be about to pick up the rental and I will head up there . can you try to find the taxi company that pick he up ? ( beat ) thanks . Love you too . Charles hang up and enter the office ... ext . tahoe / taxi - day 110 a tahoe taxi drive along a empty mountain road . Zev roll down he window and breathes in the fresh mountain air . he look exhaust but determine . the taxi turn off the main road and down a smaller one line with Evergreen tree . ext . rudy kurlander # 4's house - day 111 a large , wooden , cabin style house be surround by tree . there 's a stone chimney with a skinny plume of smoke rise out of it . on the ground be trace of frost . if you stay on this shot long enough , a deer would run by . the taxi pull up to the front of the house . Zev get out , put the letter in the toiletry bag and make he way to the front door . step by step , Zev climb the stair , smoke fire out of he mouth with each hot breath . he grip he toiletry bag a little tighter , ready to potentially meet the man who he 's have nightmare about for seven decade . Zev reach the door and push the bell with he leave hand . ding . dong . there be no answer . Zev push the doorbell again . ( more ) 111 112 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 81 continued : 111 ding . dong . Zev look around and see a car in the driveway . someone be definitely home . he push the doorbell again . ding . dong . after a moment , the door open . stand there be kristen , 40s , wear a apron over sweatpant and a T-shirt . kristen can I help you ? zev do rudy kurlander live here ? kristen yes . zev can I speak to he ? kristen he 's still sleep . zev can I wait for he to wake up ? it 's important . kristen what 's this about ? zev it 's private . I know he a long time ago . Kristen look Zev over and decide he 's harmless . kristen come on in . my dad will not be up for a little while though . he 's a late riser this day . Kristen hold open the door for Zev and he enter the warm house . int . rudy kurlander # 4's house - front hallway - continuousl2 this place could be a ski lodge if it be not a private residence . there 's a pair of skis criss -cross on the wall next to some stuff animal head . ( more ) 112 113 remember continued : double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 82 112 kristen do you want some coffee , Mr. -- zev guttman . ( beat ) yes , coffee would be nice . kristen take a seat in the live room . I have get a pot brewing . Kristen point Zev toward the live room . int . live room - continuous 113 Zev wander into the live room and approach a piano , which have framed photograph on top of it . Zev 's eye focus on a 8x10 family photo . the old man in the picture be clearly the patriarch , father to a half dozen kide and a army of grandchildren and great grandchildren . Zev 's face be perfectly stoic . be this otto wallisch ? be this the man he set out to kill ? do Zev recognize he ? Zev turn coffee . kristen ( 0.c . ) that 's from we family reunion a couple year ago . to Kristen , who stand in the doorway with a mug of zev you have a big family . kristen dad like to say he field a soccer team . I be he youngest . zev how old be you mother ? kristen she be a lot young . it be he second marriage . ( beat ) can I ask you something , Mr. guttman ? ( off Zev 's nod ) do you be here have to do with auschwitz ? ( more ) 113 114 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 83 continued : 113 zev yes . kristen my father 's not go to want to talk about that . he 's never talk about be a survivor . zev I understand . Kristen hand Zev the cup of coffee . Zev 's hand begin to shake and he can barely keep the liquid from spilling out . he place the cup and saucer on top of the piano . kristen Mr. guttman , would you like to join we for breakfast ? I be make baked apple pancake . zev no . I be not very hungry . I will not bother you long . kristen be you sure ? it 's a old family recipe . Kristen smile at Zev , try to tempt he . zev yes . I be sure . thank you though . kristen okay , if you need anything just ask . I be sure my dad will get up when he smell breakfast . Kristen leave the room and Zev go back to stare at the picture . after a moment , he take off he jacket and lay it on the piano bench . his old and new wound be for all to see -- concentration camp tattoo on he leave arm , splint on the right . omitted 114 int . rental car —- day - continuous 115 Charles drive , talk on he cell phone as he type a address into the rental car 's gps . ( more ) 115 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 84 continued : 115 charle 182 round Hill drive . get it . ( beat ) the gps say I should be there in about thirty minute . int . rudy kurlander # 4's house - day 116 Zev stop look at picture and take a seat on the piano bench , analyze he surroundings when inge , 12 , half awake , blonde haire , blue eye , adorable , enter the room in she pyjamas . inge who be you ? zev I be Zev. inge can you play the piano ? zev when I be young I could play quite well . inge what type of music do you play ? slowly but surely , Zev begin to play wotan 's farewell from die walkiire . between he age and bad arm , this be the slowest wagner 's opera have ever be play . wagner 's music be always uncompromisingly serious and intensely teutonic but play at this tempo , it be extremely eerie . inge stare at Zev as he continue to play from memory . how he can remember this and not what he do on most day be the enigma of dementia . Zev finish play a extremely intense stanza when ... ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 85 116 continued : 116 rudy kurlander # 4 ( 0.c . ) you like wagner ? rudy kurlander # 4 , 90 , wear a robe , wisp of grey hair cover he nearly bald head , sit on a chair behind Zev and inge . how long he 's be sit there , we do not know . Zev do not turn around but continue to slowly play . there 's something in he eye though -- recognition . zev yes . I have always love wagner . rudy kurlander # 4 my daughter say someone I know from auschwitz be here . but a survivor should not like wagner , no ? rudy laugh to himself . Zev do not flinch . zev you can not hate music . Zev continue to play as he word drift in the air . zev ( cont 'd ) I do not recognize you face in this picture . ( beat ) but ihre stimme hat sich nicht verandert . ( beat ) you voice have not change . there be no doubt : this be otto wallisch . he remembers . this be the man who murdered zev and max 's family . this be the man zev have sworn to kill . a thousand emotion pour through Zev 's damage mind as he play the last few note . his finger finally come to a rest on the key . he then turn around on the bench and take in the sight of rudy kurlander # 4 . rudy kurlander # 4 ich wusste , dass du mich eine tage aufauchen wiirdest . subtitle : '' I know you would come find I one day . " ( more ) 116 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 86 - continued : 116 rudy slowly stand up , with the aid of a cane , and walk toward Zev. Zev stand up and face he . they be a mere foot apart . inge poppy , be Zev you friend ? rudy kurlander # 4 yes . he be a very old friend . rudy smile at he granddaughter . rudy kurlander # 4 ( cont ’d ) inge , please go into the kitchen . my friend and I need to discuss some thing . inge get up and leave the room . the two man be alone . zev ich habe sie nicht vergessen . subtitle : '' I have not forget you . '' rudy kurlander # 4 bitte lass un rausgehen . ich will nicht , dass meine familie hdért be wir zu sagen haben . subtitle : '' please , let we go outside . I do not want my family hearing what we have to say . " ext . deck - day - moment later 117 Zev , hold the toiletry bag , and rudy , walk with he cane , head out through the glass door onto the large , wooden deck . it 's picturesque , overlook the lake . the wind rustle the tree . leave blow at they whim . rudy kurlander # 4 es ist lange she , dass irgendjemand wusste wer ich einmal war . ( beat ) ich kann mich nicht einmal daran erinnern wann . subtitle : '' it have be a long time since anyone know who I be . I can not even remember when . ( more ) 117 remember continued : double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 86 - 117 rudy kurlander # 4 ( cont ’d ) over the year people have look at I and I think they know , but they never do . ( beat ) or maybe they be just too scared to say anything . ( more ) 117 118 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 87 continued : 117 Zev and rudy settle at the end of the deck , past a table ari® chair , take in the surroundings . rudy look out at the water , avoid eye contact . rudy kurlander # 4 ( cont ’d ) sometimes , I come out here and speak my name . ( beat ) I talk to myself . I remind myself of who I be . ( deep exhale ) es ist der einzige weg um zu wissen , dass ich existiert habe , bevor ich der geworden bin , der ich jetzt bin . subtitle : '' it be the only way to know I exist before who I be now . '' Zev stare at rudy , who still look away . zev live a lie be not a life . rudy turn to Zev. tear swell in he eye . rudy kurlander # 4 I always know you would find I . ( beat ) ich habe es immer gewusst . subtitle : '' I always know it . '' rudy hug Zev. this. was. not. expected . rudy kurlander # 4 ( cont ’d ) es ist zu lange she . wir sind jetzt alte manner . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 88 117 continued : 117 subtitle : '' it have be too long . we be old man now . '' note : atom would like the above line say in both language . the hug last a long time . Zev stare into space , not understanding . he do not raise he arm from he side . zev take you hand off of I , otto . rudy kurlander # 4 Excuse I ? zev I say take you hand off of I ! rudy look confuse . he take a step back . rudy kurlander # 4 you call I otto . I think you be confuse . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 89 117 continued : 117 zev you name be otto wallisch . you be a blockfiihrer at auschwitz . you kill my family ! rudy kurlander # 4 be you crazy ? zev have you live with a lie so long that you have convinced yourself it be true . rudy look bewilder . for he own part , Zev have nothing but unwaver confidence . he know this be otto wallisch . rudy kurlander # 4 I ... I do not understand . Zev unzip the toiletry bag ... zev let I help you . you must pay for what you do . 120 120 a remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 90 int . kitchen - day 119 Kristen and inge stand in the kitchen , make pancake . the doorbell ring , not a gunshot . kristen it 's like we be run a hotel . ( beat ) go tell pop pop breakfast be ready . inge run out of the kitchen , toward the back porch . int . front hallway - day - moment later 120 Kristin approach the front door . she can see the outline of a man through the frost glass . kristen who be it ? charle ( 0.c . ) my name 's Charles guttman . I think my father 's here . Kristen open the door ... charle ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry to bother you but I be tell that a taxi drop my dad off here a little while ago . kristen yeah , he 's outside with my father . charle thank god . he 's be miss for a week . kristen I have no idea . come on . Kristen lead Charles through the house . she open the deck door and Charles step outside first ... ext . deck - continuous 120a ... into a unimaginable scene . Zev hold the Glock with both hand , shakily point it at inge , who stand next to rudy . ( more ) 120a continued : remember double White rev charle ( confuse ) dad ? kristen oh my god . inge mommy ? ! zev please do not be scared . charle dad , put down the gun . ( 08-15 - 14 ) 120 a ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 91 120a continued : 120a zev ( confuse ) Charles ? charle yes . put down the gun . Zev do not listen and keep the gun point at inge . zev no . not until he tell the truth . rudy kurlander # 4 warum tust du das ? subtitle : '' why be you do this ? " zev tell they the truth . rudy kurlander # 4 bitte hdr auf mit diesem wahnsinn . subtitle : '' please stop this madness . " zev tell they who you be . rudy kurlander # 4 please leave my family alone . ( more ) 120a remember continued : subtitle : double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 92 120 a charle dad , put the gun down . zev tell they what you do ! rudy kurlander # 4 lass sie in ruhe . bitte . ich flehe dich a . '' leave they alone . please . I beg you . '' zev speak in English ! I want they to understand what you be say . kristen dad , what be he talk about ?! rudy kurlander # 4 do not listen to he . he be crazy . zev you have a very easy choice . you can tell the truth and she 'il live . or you can lie and watch she die . you have three second . ( beat ) one . rudy kurlander # 4 please stop . I be tell the truth . zev two . inge mommy ! charle dad , stop ! rudy kurlander # 4 please ! just shoot I ! zev Three . rudy kurlander # 4 okay ! okay ! ( beat ) okay . ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 93 120a continued : 120a rudy hang he head and begin to speak quietly . tear start stream down he face . rudy kurlander # 4 ( cont ’d ) during the war I be not a prisoner . zev louder . rudy kurlander # 4 during the war I be not a prisoner . zev louder ! rudy kurlander # 4 during the war I be not a prisoner ! ( beat ) I be a Nazi . I be ss. ( beat ) I be a blockfiihrer at auschwitz . Kristen look like she 's just be tell the sky be pink . inge do not have a clue what 's go on . kristen do you kill people ? rudy kurlander # 4 yes . inge you kill people , poppy ? rudy nod he head , in disbelief . kristen how many people do you kill ? rudy kurlander # 4 I do not know . many . zev what be you real name ? rudy fight back he tear . zev ( cont 'd ) what be you name ! ( more ) 120a remember double White rev ( 08-15 -14 ) continued : rudy kurlander # 4 my name be ... ( beat ) kunibert sturm . zev no , it be not ! you name be otto wallisch ! rudy take a long breath . rudy kurlander # 4 it be kunibert sturm . zev you be otto wallisch ! rudy kurlander # 4 no ... ( beat ) you be otto wallisch . Zev freeze , try to wrap he head around this . zev you be lie . rudy kurlander # 4 this be the first time I have not lie in seventy year . you be otto wallisch . I be kunibert sturm . we be both blockfiihrer . zev no ! I be a prisoner ! rudy kurlander # 4 look at you arm . you be number 98814 . 120 a rudy roll up he sleeve and show he blue concentration camp tattoo . rudy kurlander # 4 ( cont ’d ) I be 98813 . we tattooe each other . it be we only way to escape . Charles look like he be just punch in the gut . charle be it true ? ( more ) 94 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 95 120a continued : 120a zev no , he be lie . Zev turn the gun and point it at rudy . zev ( cont 'd ) you be lie ! rudy kurlander # 4 how could you forget ? you take the name Zev because it mean wolf . ( beat ) you say we be wolf . ( beat ) du hast gesagt wir waren wolfe . subtitle : '' you say we be wolf . " Zev grip the gun a little tighter . there be no shake in he hand ... rudy kurlander # 4 ( cont ’d ) now we family know the truth . ( beat ) that be worse than die . bang ! Zev shoot rudy in the chest , drop he to the floor . inge scream and run to she mom and then together into the house . Charles run over to rudy , try to help . it 's useless ... Zev lower the gun and take a step back . Charles look up at he father , plead . charle dad , how could you ? it 's as if Zev can not hear he . his eye glow with clarity ... zev ( whisper ) I remember . Zev raise the gun and press it against he temple . charle dad ! ( more ) 120a 121 122 123 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 96 continued : 120a bang ! Zev drop to the ground as bird fly out of the tree . fade to : omitted 121 omitted 122 int . community room - day - continuous 123 the room be fill with a dozen senior watch a large HDTV . they be glue to the screen , stare silently as a reporter do a live feed from Lake tahoe , California . the reporter have she finger to she ear , listen to the anchor . a graphic be display on the screen : '' 90 - year -old man commit murder -suicide '' . reporter ( on tv ) right now we be still wait to hear from the Lake tahoe Police Department . they have not speak to reporter or even release a statement . but we be assure we will hear from they , in some way , within the hour . resident here be stunne . I have talk to some who do not want to comment on camera , but I do have one tell I rudy kurlander be everything you have ever want in a neighbor . he always wave when I see he , the resident say . ( more ) ( more ) remember double White rev ( 08-15-14 ) 123 continued : o— 123 reporter ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) kurlander be apparently not only a good neighbor , but he be also a ski patrol officer . it be a job he love and hold for more than 40 year . right now , a entire community be try to figure out what happen and more importantly , why . someone turn off the television as the senior shake they head in disbelief . they be shocked . it do not make sense . ( more ) 123 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 97 continued : 123 cele , Ruth 's friend , sit at a table with three senior , 80s , female . they be in the middle of a mahjong game when the report come on . senior # 1 poor Zev. poor Zev. senior # 2 tragic . absolutely tragic . cele he could not have know what he be do . max ( 0.c . ) he know exactly -- what he be do . the room fall silent as the senior slowly turn around to see Max , who sit in he wheelchair with absolute lucidity . his voice , the strongest we have hear it . cele what be you talk about , Max ? Max 's eye burn with clarity as he breathes through he oxygen clip . max the man he kill -- be name kunibert sturm . ( beat ) and Zev 's name -- be otto wallisch . ( beat ) they -- be the man -- who murder my family . Max close he eye and draw a few deep breath ... fade to black . 124 remember double White rev ( 08-15 - 14 ) 98 note to reader on false memory : 124 Dr. John f. kihlstrom , distinguish Professor of psychology at the University of California berkley , define false memory syndrome as : [ a ] condition in which a person 's identity and interpersonal relationship be center around a memory of traumatic experience which be objectively false but in which the person strongly believe ... false memory syndrome be especially destructive because the person assiduously avoid confrontation with any evidence that might challenge the memory . thus it take on a life of its own , encapsulate and resistant to correction . Dr. Richard W. shulman , mdcm , frcpc , one of the foremost expert in the field of psychotropics , read remember and explain that if a person have live under a alias for a significant amount of time -- 60 to 70 year -- it would be '' plausible that he alias have actually become he long - term memory . '' furthermore , Dr. shulman say that , '' when confront with the truth , [ the individual ] would be able to retrieve the memory of he true identity and have the ability to reflect on he past behavior . ''