remember I written by William fetter &amp ; Jenny lumet revise April 16th , 2009 1 ext . smith STREET station -- brooklyn -- night 1 it 's very late . it 's quiet . just the sound of the City linda santana craig , a attractive Hispanic woman in she thirty , wait at the elevate station for the F train . Linda look great . she 's dress festively but tastefully . next to she be she eleven year old daughter , alicia . she be twirling about the platform , still jazze from the birthday party they attend in the City . alicia wear a black dress with a pink cardigan and have a pink handbag . we notice a charm bracelet with four- leaf clover on she right wrist . the mother and daughter wait alone at one end of the station platform . two teenage boy wait at the other end . they speak soft , slurre spanish to each other . Linda give the boy a glance and evaluate . she watch they as alicia spit a wad of gum into she mom 's open hand . the boy approach . Linda tense . at the last second the boy make a hard leave turn and disappear down the stairwell . it 's quiet again . Linda relax , smile at she daughter . the F train be round the final bend into the station . they focus be on this train . it 's get closer , louder . and so they do not see , do not hear the boy come back up the stairwell behind they . not until the boy have the mother and daughter box in and the one who can hardly grow a mustache be show they he gun . Linda put she arm around she daughter . alicia look terrify . the train roar into the station as Linda quickly hand over she purse , she watch . she hand over she engagement ring and she wedding band . one of the boy yank alicia 's little purse away from she . the other boy fumble the wedding band . the ring clang to the ground and roll to a stop a few foot away . we hear men' voice echoing up the stairwell . now the boy be box in . and start to panic . 2 . -- the train door slide OPEN --. the boy see they way out and step into the last empty rail car , leave the mother and daughter alone on the platform . through the window on the train , Linda stare at the boy hold she daughter 's purse , she face harden into a mask of contempt . the boy clock it . who do she think she be ? -- the train door begin to close -- when a hand with tattooed knuckle reach out and stop the car door from close . a forearm and gun extend out of that last subway car ... there 's a muzzle flash ... a distant pop ... a cloud of smoke ... a mist of blood ... and Linda 's body collapse on itself . alicia 's face , shock , terror and blood . 2 ext . smith STREET station -- later that night -- m.o.s 2 a working crime scene , lot of uniform and light , a white sheet drape over Linda 's body where it fall . blue and red light dance against the stairwell wall where a man be take the stair two at a time . late thirty , big , plain clothes , he be sergeant jame craig . when he reach the platform , he stop . Craig kneel before the white sheet . peel it back . we stay on he . we do not see what he see . we just see how he see it . then he turn ... the wedding band . it 's be tag and numbered as evidence . Craig pick it right out of the chalk outline and slip it into he pocket . alicia , wrap in a blanket , stand next to a round police matron . the matron be tenderly try to clean alicia 's face . alicia lock eye with Craig and stumble towards he , she leg not quite work . Craig save she from the stumble and envelop she , lift she as the blanket fall to the ground . alicia make little gasp noise . try to speak but can not . Craig walk back now , carry he entire world . he reach the stairwell and suddenly fall to one knee . alicia gasp . 3. the close uniform put a hand on he arm . a moment . composure . a deep breath . then as quickly as he go down , he 's back up . Craig look back now , take it all in . be it real ? see all the cop look at he , then begin down the stair . we drift up above the station until we find ourselves with a clear view of the southern tip of Manhattan , where the twin tower stand tall . 3 int . lower east side railroad flat -- bedroom -- morning 3 subtitle : " eight year later " tiny kitchen , clutter , a messenger bike hang from hook on the wall , a lot of book . there be a phone ringing under the bed . tyler roth , early twenty , handsome , look haggard . he be sit on the floor , shirtless , bed head , wrap in a blanket . a guitar be on he lap . Tyler have propped some well wear , hand write page of music against a box of off - brand laundry detergent and be squinting at the note , frustration etched in he face . a forgettable blonde lie sleep on the bed . Tyler , not a bear musician , be try to teach himself one of the phrase of music in front of he . he be completely lose in the moment , with deep groove in he finger . by the ashtray next to he , we can tell he 's be at this a couple of hour . the blonde in the bed be : the ringing phone ... blonde ( out of it ) hello ? Tyler grope around the floor with one hand until he find the phone , simultaneously glance at the digital clock . his eye widen in alarm . tyler yeah ... ( listen ) of course . I be on my way . I know ... I know ... I know ... I know . Tyler climb out of he blanket and yank on a pair of dark suit pants . before he pull on he white undershirt we observe a tattoo that simply say " Michael " over he heart . 4. he search through a beat - up chest of drawer , seek a reasonably clean button down shirt ... tyler V / o Gandhi say that whatever you do in life will be insignificant but it be very important that you do it ... ... and scrub at a mysterious stain on the shoulder of a expensive but wear to hell suit jacket with a dishwasher brush . tyler V / o ... I tend to agree with the first part . 4 ext . GREEN wood cemetery -- brooklyn -- later 4 a cluster of mourner stand before a tombstone in the distance . they be not in funeral dress , as this be not a funeral . it 's a memorial . a beat up gypsy cab with a west indian driver pull to a stop . from the tree and the sky we know its late spring / early summer . a gorgeous day . Tyler get out of the cab , hold the rim of he empty coffee cup in he tooth . he sort a rumple wad of singles and hand some to the driver , who screech into reverse . time be money . Tyler crush the coffee cup flat and slip it in he jacket pocket then light up a smoke . he take one long drag then extinguish it and slip the butt into he pocket . he begin towards the mourner . his mother ... diane hoffman , a beauty . past burden etched in the line on she face . dress tastefully in expensive bohemian . she smile like someone who 's be cry but do not want anyone to know she have . tyler ( sweetly ) hello , you majesty . how be you ? diane I be fine ... you look good ... he kiss he mother 's hand and he 's move to greet he stepfather ... les hoffman , unruly curl streak in gray , tweed jacket and tie . they exchange a firm handshake and muttere hellos . 5 . the weight of Tyler 's gaze fall to caroline roth , he diminutive bespectacle , eleven year old sister . she 's hold a little paper bag . she flash he a look . he kneel besides she and whisper ... tyler thanks for organize everybody . caroline make a face . turn she nose away from he . caroline you smell like listerine and beer . he snort and kiss she cheek . caroline reach into she bag and take out a handful of smooth white stone , on which she have paint the name : " Mom " " Tyler " " Les " , " dad " , " caroline " . she begin to arrange they in a little circle on the grave . Tyler 's father ... charle roth , late fifty , breathes power , precisely dress , two hundred dollar haircut . a predator . charle ( aside , to Tyler ) you could not wear a tie ? Tyler hold he father 's eye . tyler could have . beat . Charles adjust he own collar like it 's a explosive . Pov : the tombstone . the four adult family member stand side - by -side . they look like stranger on the subway as caroline sit on the ground , arrange the stone . 5 int . junior' restaurant -- brooklyn -- after 5 the family sit together in a booth . Tyler roll a bic lighter over he knuckle . caroline draw a funny portrait of Tyler on she napkin . he be smoking nine cigarettes at once . Diane give the menu a ridiculous amount of attention . Les be eyeing the cheesecake . Charles subtly align he silverware . 6 . diane ... this be nice ... I think it 's nice that we still do this ... caroline ( gently ) Mom . diane I forget . I be try to purge " nice " from my vocabulary . Michael would like that we still do this . Tyler take out a cigarette . light it . without say a word he mother take it and snub it out in a empty water glass . diane ( to caroline ) do you tell Tyler what you art teacher say about you portrait ? caroline , as bemuse as a eleven year old can be , look at she mother , then at she brother . she adopt a very motherly tone . caroline Tyler , do I tell you what my art teacher say about my portrait ? tyler why no , caroline . what do you art teacher say about you portrait ? diane ( smile ) you two . I quit . she flicker a glance at she ex husband and squeeze Les ' hand . caroline ... she be very impressed . she say I capture a moment like a young James whistler . the waitress bring plateful of extravagant cheesecake to the table . Les dive in . Charles be have toast . he sip a glass of water and take a surreptitious glance at he patek phillippe . 7. tyler Young whistler ... good ... ' cause whistler really fall off late in he career . he 's the Michael Jackson of european art history . diane she suggest you sister take Pratt 's summer Art intensive and that 's hugely prestigious . caroline look a bit sheepish , Tyler high fives caroline . Diane , again , flicker a glance at Charles . caroline I would be the youngest one , ever , practically ... charle Tyler , would you please pass the butter ? beat . diane caroline be speak . tyler ( to Charles ) be you really this clueless ? be you really dismiss she like this ? Diane touch caroline 's hair . charle caroline be perfectly capable of speak up if she be feel dismiss . caroline , be you feel dismiss ? caroline I be okay . charle ( solicitous , to caroline ) I do not mean to change the subject . tyler what be the subject ? 8. charle Excuse I ? tyler the subject we be discuss . what be it ? beat . charle now 's not the time for you heroic Tyler tyler no . it 's the perfect time . Charles make a minute adjustment to he collar . Father and son lock eye until ... tyler ( whisper , to caroline ) do you need I to take you anywhere ? caroline shake she head . caroline I will stay with mom . Diane glare at she ex-husband . Tyler rise and kiss he sister 's forehead . tyler then I will see you after school . caroline Kay . he exit as caroline sip she lemonade , avoid everybody 's eye . 6 int . subway car -- just after 6 Tyler stand although there be a few seat available . the car window strobe behind he . he take off he jacket and button down and tie they both around he waist . 9 . 7 int . wall STREET coffee shop -- after 7 Tyler in he pants and white tee shirt look completely out of place amidst all the business type . he sit in the last booth face the street . his tatter journal lie open in front of he , a binder clip hold he page as he work quietly craft a entry . the hostess , tired , in she 60' , slide a piece of baklava on the table as she shuffles past . hostess eat something . Tyler give she a huge grin . tyler yes , mar 'am . 8 ext . 4 th STREET -- just after 8 Tyler and he roommate , aidan brewer , 22 , energetic , inappropriate , walk west towards n.y.u . Young people in easy , summery dress . Tyler smoke . aidan do not . aidan remember something , smirk . aidan I sell you girlfriend a toothbrush . tyler you sell my who ? ... what ? aidan that voluptuous , delightfully oblivious little blonde you leave in you bed this morning ... I sell she a toothbrush . get three buck . tyler ... congratulation ? aidan be in order , yes . because that sale inspire we newest business venture : " the s.l.u.t . " tyler I be unaware we have a previous business venture . 10 . aidan the ' single Lady 's universal tote ' . it 's the one-night -stand travel pack for woman . we throw in some make - up , toiletry , cell phone charge , cab number . retail it at s19.95 , maybe do a infomercial . tyler and you think woman would buy this ? with money ? aidan hey one-night-stands happen ... it 's a part of life ... like stubbing you toe . sometimes you misjudge a corner and bend back you pinky toe , other time you wake up in a freshman dorm wear a field hockey tee shirt wonder why you ball smell like cinnamon ... tyler ( nodd sagely ) of course . yes . aidan do not underestimate the novelty gift market . think about it ... instead of give that token slutty friend a ten-inch purple dildo for she birthday , you hook she up with " the slut . " everyone have a laugh and the implication that she will probably use it someday remain . what do you say ? be you down ? tyler I be down with get you on some sort of medication . aidan ok ... fine ... be cynical ... just remember at some point in history two people have a conversation just like this about the light bulb . one of they go on to fame and fortune and the other one probably go to work at mickey D 's or something . tyler or denny 's . denny 's be big in the 19th century . 11 . 9 ext . cobble hill -- morning 9 a tinted town car stop in - front of a funky corner brownstone where caroline wait in a plaid jumper on the front step . the driver open the back door of the car . 10 int . town car . ( drive ) -- later 10 caroline in the cavernous backseat alone . her pink knapsack she only company . the town car stop at a crosswalk for a group of child in jeans and tee- shirt on they way to a local Public School . caroline see they through the tinted glass . they could not see she even if they want to . professor ( o.s. ) it 's a unfortunate reality but a reality nonetheless ... 11 int . lecture hall -- nyu -- day 11 tyler sit in the back of the room . they professor address the few student pay attention . professor ... in the wake of terrorist attack this insurance company actuary be provide a unique opportunity to raise premium and profit to protect against event that will likely never occur again ... one girl , a focus brunette with beautiful eye , take note relentlessly . she be present , absorb the material . she raise she hand . girl be not that also a ethical question ? Tyler shoot she a glance . he take in she lovely face , she casual dress , and the charm bracelet with its four leaf clover . we realize this be alicia " ally " Craig , now 19 . Tyler grimace at the question and its implication of hope . 12 ext . central park -- afternoon 12 at the Alice in wonderland statue where kide climb all over the fade bronze mushroom cap and character . 12 . the statue be warm , the bronze absorb the late spring sun . Tyler be perch on the mad hatter , he face turn towards the sun while caroline hide with the dormouse . Tyler light a cigarette . a uptight mommy glare at he . uptight mommy why do not we make this a non - smoking statue ? caroline ( emerge ) yeah , Tyler . why do not we make this a non-smok statue ? he make a face . caroline you promise you would quit ... tyler I know . caroline you be gonna get emphysema and then you be gonna have to drag a oxygen tank with you everywhere ... tyler you think that would be the worst part about have emphysema ? caroline everywhere you go , Tyler . even the bathroom . Tyler take a final drag . toss it on the ground . caroline why do you think dad do not wanna ... like , listen to I ? tyler dad love you . caroline give he a look . caroline so ? you can love someone and not want to spend any time with they . caroline be climb around Alice . her hand on Alice 's hair . 13 . tyler you have get that right . caroline Mom love aunt Sara . but at Christmas , last year , she would not let Les leave they in a room together ' cause she say there would be a " yule tide homicide . " tyler that 's because aunt Sara drink ... you do not drink , right ? caroline duh . tyler so why would anyone wanna avoid you ? caroline shrug , not convinced . a silent moment pass . caroline Michael use to drink . tyler yeah . he do . but Michael be 21 . all 21 year old drink because it 's new and exciting . aunt Sara drink because she wish she be 21 . a share smile . caroline you be 21 . Tyler 's smile fade . 13 int . the strand bookstore -- day 13 Tyler on a roll ladder , shuffle book around . aidan on the floor , eat two piece of pizza , fold down the middle , at the same time . aidan what about Atlantic City for you birthday this year ? get a suite . couple of lady . you could call toothbrush girl , what do you think ? tyler I think I would rather be sodomize . 14 . aidan hey , it 's you day . he gesture to the shelf . aidan what 's the point ? how do you know where anything be in this place , anyway ? there 's like ... aidan / tyler " eight mile of book ! " tyler I do not expect you to appreciate this , but the schematic for this particular shelf be author who be sleep together ... aidan no shit ? tyler and end up dead or in prison . beat . aidan this be why chick dig you . Tyler laugh . aidan seriously . they like this freaky poetic crap . I run into megan yesterday . she 's bartend at Don Hill 's tonight . she want we to stop by . she practically begge I . tyler eh. aidan , visibly frustrated with Tyler 's reluctance , grab the roll ladder and push Tyler into the romance novel . tyler hey ! aidan hey nothing . you have be a ghost the past couple week . you never wanna go out . I be feel unappreciate here . ( more ) 15 . aidan ( cont would ) I can not deal with this brood introvert shit anymore man . I be ready to set up a intervention . a silent moment pass . tyler you realize intervention typically discourage binge drink ? aidan one drink . come out for one drink . tyler when 's the last time you have one drink ? 14 int . don hill be -- that night 14 a hip venue on greenwich Street . deejay . Music pump . aidan and Tyler make they way through the crowd to a congest bar where the cute bartender be swamp . aidan hey , megan ! she ignore he . aidan you look great ! can I get two heineken ? megan do. not. speak . Tyler snort with laughter . aidan ( genuine ) be she mad at I or something ? tyler no no . Girls be like that when they be way into you . aidan oh. two nubile young girl approach aidan . tap he shoulder . girl # 1 Excuse I ? 16 . aidan flash a win smile . aidan well , hello ... girl # 1 could you take a picture for we ? she hold out she camera . aidan hesitates , then smile . aidan my pleasure ... the girl pose . aidan take the camera . turn it around . extends it . smile . and promptly snap a picture of himself . he casually return the camera to the confuse young woman . megan return and practically fling the beer at aidan . aidan thanks . you have meet my roommate ... megan I hope you die . Tyler laugh he ass off . tyler she 's all over you . cheer . they clink bottle . 15 ext . greenwich STREET -- late night 15 Tyler and aidan stand with the girl from aidan 's photo opportunity . all be thoroughly intoxicate . there be a knot of club goer halfway down the block , drink and have a fine time . aidan I love this street . I love this city . where be you guy from , again ? aidan' girl Miami . aidan Miami . Miami , Barcelona , rio. New York be it , man . God break the mold when he make this city . 17 . tyler you ever actually be to any of that place ? aidan what 's you point ? there 's a gust of wind . aidan 's girl shiver . she 's wear a tiny dress . aidan' girl what be we do ? I be freezing . aidan shoulda wear a jacket . like I . o/s we hear : a beer bottle crash on the ground , and from far away a ghostly , plaintive girl 's voice disappear into the night ... voice o/ S Michael ... mi-i-chael ! Tyler turn towards the sound . it 's as if he 's try to spot a train in the distance . his hand go to he pocket and fish out he pack of cigarettes . aidan' girl ( to aidan ) asshole . she walk away , look back at she friend , annoyed . aidan' girl be you come ? Tyler 's girl look at Tyler , who be still preoccupy . tyler' girl ( to she friend ) hold on , lauren . the girl step away . Tyler 's girl appear to be try to convince she friend to stay . aidan watch they , hopefully . Tyler be not watch they . he 's watch two cool look musician , crossing the street with the light , carry SOUND equipment . a quartet of neanderthals pull up at the light in front of they in a car , aggressive music play . the neanderthal at the wheel have the brilliant idea to rev he engine and lurch the car forward , startling the musician , toy with they . 18 . musician # 1 glare , but give no further response , he just want to get across the street . the neanderthal revs and lurch again . musician # 2 slam he hand on the hood of the car . musician # 2 what 's you problem ? neanderthal driver my problem ? keep you hand off my car , asshole . musician # 2 blow it out you ass , guido . musician # 1 go back to Long Island . the car 's four door open , and the neanderthals lope to the front of the car . the driver be hold a mini baseball bat at he side . neanderthal driver I be from queen , faggot a neanderthal shove one of the musician , and the driver start wail on the other with the bat . Tyler watch as the neanderthals overpower they . the altercation have turn into a full on assault . the musician be get stomp into the pavement . tyler' girl so we be think we could go ... Tyler walk right past the girl without even look at she . aidan ( under he breath ) God damn it . aidan run off after Tyler . Tyler jump fully into the thick of it , swinging , grab the beefiest neanderthal in a choke hold and pound the guy 's face . he fight like a pit bull . not feel , not stop . aidan get punch in the face . Tyler elbow the nose of the guy who punch aidan and it spurt blood . then someone hit Tyler in the gut , and he double over and take a knee to the chin . the musician get back to they foot and fight back . it 's a brawl . 19 . aidan 's girl be scream for the cop . Tyler 's girl , follow the instinct of the inebriated , have teeter near enough to the brawl to imperil herself . a neanderthal swing at aidan and miss , graze the girl . she jerk away in she high heel and crash to the pavement , split she lip on impact . Tyler head butt the guy . 16 ext . side STREET -- later 16 a ambulance and two e.m.t .' S be on site . the combatant from the brawl be line up on the curb . sergeant jame craig , a little older and heavier than when we first meet he at the train station , be stand with the girl , who be a mess . her nose bloody , she dress tear . Craig shield the girl with he body , listen carefully to she and she friend as the two girl gesture angrily at the neanderthals . Craig 's eye flicker in the same direction . Craig 's partner , leo , african american , a few year young , be on the radio to dispatch . Craig snap he finger at one of the e.m.t. 's and receive a blanket , which he carefully wrap around the girl . then , to he partner , indicate Tyler and aidan ... craig cut that two loose . Leo put down the handset and uncuff the guy . leo ( quiet ) take a walk . Tyler take a beat , look at the lineup . aidan , rub he wrist , gesture " let 's go " . Tyler look at the bloody girl and ... Craig , go through the pocket of neanderthal # 1 . craig anything in here that 's go to stab I , Einstein ? Craig find a packet , or a vial . craig Nice . you like to get high and hit woman ? 20 . aidan give Tyler 's elbow a gentle tug . Tyler 's catch up in the action . neanderthal #1 I do not even know the bitch . rage flicker across Craig 's face . Craig move down the line to one of the musician , go through they pocket . craig how about you two ? Tyler , compel , draw closer to the action . musician # 1 it be not we , man ! neanderthal #1 that cocksucker kick my car ! craig shut up , genius . musician # 1 ( to neanderthal ) eat shit , pencil dick . craig alright . that 's it . everybody go downtown . Tyler step forward , interrupt ... tyler it be not they . aidan , who have be edging away , jerk around to he friend . aidan ( sotto ) Tyler ... leo ( quietly , to the guy ) take a walk , I say . tyler hey ! Craig , big angry irish cop , turn to Tyler . 21 . tyler they do not do anything . they do not start this . that asshole do . why do this guy have to go downtown ? craig what be you still do here ? tyler this be bullshit . it be that gorilla who start this . Craig move slowly toward Tyler and start go through Tyler 's pocket , roughly . he find he wallet . start rifling through . craig well , Mr. roth . what make you think I give a shit ? tyler you be a police officer . you be suppose to . what the hell ? Craig look from the guy he be frisk to Tyler 's girl , wrap in a blanket . she spit blood . he turn a bit to Tyler . craig it 's a great relief to I , Mr. roth , to know that you be on top of the situation . now go the fuck home . he turn back to work . Tyler look briefly at aidan . aidan look desperate " please ! let 's get out of here ! " Tyler touch craig' elbow . aidan 's jaw drop . Leo take several silent step in . Craig look at he own elbow then look at Tyler . the kid must be out of he mind . tyler how about you do you job ? slam . Craig take Tyler 's leg out , drive he face into the pavement , a gash open above Tyler 's left eye . Tyler lie there daze and disorient as Craig , with one knee on Tyler 's neck , crush he face into the ground . he slap the cuff on . 22. 17 int . pearl STREET lockup -- after 17 who know what time it be . a lovely assortment of perpetrator , Tyler and the musician be in lockup . everybody look like shit . Tyler sit on a bench in the hold cell , look quite relaxed . the lock up door slide open and aidan be return to the perch . the escorting officer shout across the din to Tyler . escorting officer you can have you call now . tyler I be good . the door slide shut behind aidan . aidan you be good ? thank God you be good . beat . aidan what be you try to do ? what do you want from that cop guy ? tyler that be a mess up situation . that guy ... he cup he hand to make a megaphone ... tyler ... be pussy ! from off screen a chorus of : neanderthal #1 o/ S faggot ! neanderthal #2 o/ S candy - ass faggot ! neanderthal#3 o/ S fag ! tyler there be no justice in that situation . aidan no justice . okay , Green hornet ... lantern ... asshole . ( more ) 23. aidan ( cont would ) you may not be actually matriculate in school , you may be have a nice time by yourself lurking in the stack of you book store , but I actually plan on graduate , and have a career and a wife and a girlfriend and a divorce and a mid-life stalking episode and erectile dysfunction , and I will thank you to keep you complex and nihilistic bullshit ... tyler do you just say " nihilistic " ? aidan yeah . I get it off a cereal box . Tyler smile . the escort Officer return with a white male lawyer wear a two thousand dollar suit . escorting officer roth , brewer . Tyler glare at aidan . aidan yeah , I call you dad 's office . Sue I . 18 int . far rockaway - craig family home - kitchen -- morning 18 ally , with a cup of coffee , be on the house phone . ally so when would that be available ?... no , that 's sooner than I would think . and be there any kind of deposit ?.. okay . Craig come in through the kitchen door , take off he jacket and start wash he hand at the sink . ally I will call you back . thanks . ally hang up . make a quick appraisal of she dad . he have a little blood on he cuff . he splashes he face with water . 24 . on automatic pilot , ally flip on the toaster , pour some hot coffee into a sesame Street mug , pour in a measure dose of brown sugar from the dispenser , then flip open a bottle of aspirin and deposit two of the tablet into the mug . she pack up she back pack with school stuff as Craig gulp he coffee . ally what do you tell I you be go to do when thing get tight ? the toaster ding . she extract a English muffin and squeeze honey from a bottle shape like a bear . craig breathe . ally do you ? craig I do . I be breathe right now . who be that ? ally the lady from student housing . we talk about it . remember ? beat . craig sure . ally grab she sweatshirt . ally Mrs. lippman be go to drive I . craig I will drive you . she flounce out the door , hold she own cup of coffee and the English muffin . Craig dry he hand , grab he jacket and a set of key from the counter . 19 ext . driveway . 19 outside they red-brick row house at the end of a block of red-brick row house . ally have she mug on the roof of the car and be search through she bag . 25 . Craig come around the driver 's side and slide ally she key across the roof . she drop they in she bag . ally Mrs. lippman say she would do it . Craig be in the driver 's seat , wait . ally grab she coffee mug and get into the passenger seat . she hand he he English muffin , which he hold in he mouth as he start the car . she flip down the visor and check she very light eye makeup . ally you be exhaust . when you have a stroke I be go to abandon you on a park bench . they start to back out . ally this drive be too long . 20 int . executive floor -- reception -- day 20 Tyler and he mess up face on he foot in the wait area . English Club chair , green baize on the wall . a receptionist type away across the room . Tyler take out a cigarette . light it . draw the ire of ... the receptionist you know you can not smoke in here . Tyler look down at a heavy crystal ash tray on the coffee table in front of he . it 's clearly never be use . tyler so what 's with the ash tray ? the receptionist it complete the room . Tyler take a long drag , grind out the ember on the pristine surface . he smile a charming smile at the aggravate woman . tyler tease . janine o/ S Tyler ... 26 . janine , Charles ' long time assistant , late forty , kind eye , watch Tyler from the hallway . janine he 's ready for you . 21 int . executive floor -- hallway -- after 21 Tyler follow janine down the corridor . she look he up and down , do not like what she see . janine you be too skinny . and you smell like french fries and cigarettes . tyler Nice to see you too . janine you want I to lie ? Tyler smile , he like that she do not lie . janine scroll through a Palm Pilot as she walk . they approach the double door to Charles ' office . janine try not to give he a heart attack . tyler okay . Tyler bang through the door . janine grimace . 22 int . cavernous executive office -- later 22 a row of floor - to-ceil window block by vertical blind . sunlight glow behind they . there 's a lot of leather , brass and rich wood , breathe power . there 's a flat screen computer , but no personal effect anywhere . Charles sit at he massive desk . as Tyler enter , Charles register he injury . a flicker of something over Charles ' face . Tyler stand . tyler I come to see how much it cost , because I be give you the money back . charle how much what cost ? 27 . tyler that lawyer . beat . charle ah . that lawyer , Tyler , cost 450 dollar a hour . in spite of himself ... tyler Christ . charle tell I about it . tyler I want to make sure you understand it be not I who call you . charle I understand . you could do worse than have a father who bail you out of jail tyler I do not want to be bail out of anything . Charles look at he son . tyler I will get a invoice from janine . Tyler leave , slamm the door behind he . 23 int . hallway . 23 Tyler stop , catch himself , realize the emptiness of the gesture . he look up and see janine look at he . 24 int . wall STREET coffee shop -- after . 24 Tyler in the same booth , surround by a commotion of businessman and woman . he 's write in he Journal , he foot tapping fast . we see the very act of write ease he , loosen he strangle grip on the pen , slow down the manic rhythm of he foot . 28 . 25 ext . private school . just after . 25 it 's just after three , caroline emerge from school in a cluster of 6th grade girl . one of they dip she head towards caroline 's ear , as if to share a secret . whatever she say make caroline 's face crumble , almost to tear , and the girl snicker . Tyler hop from he perch on a park car . his bike lean on a fire hydrant . tyler ( to caroline ) hey . he look at the girl , size they up , and flick he cigarette to the sidewalk , cool as hell . the girl have a group swoon . he take caroline by the elbow ... tyler Excuse we , we be due in surgery . he get he bike and lead she down the block , towards fifth Avenue . caroline what happen to you face ? tyler horrible thresh accident . caroline you be so retarded . tyler do not mock the afflict . here , I bring you something . he hand she the book of myth . tyler this be my favorite book ever . Michael have it and he hit I over the head with it until I read it . its about all this God and goddess who spend all of they time be jealous and petty and otherwise act like human being . the illustration be amazing . caroline open the book carefully and have a peek . she smile . 29 . caroline ooh . this be cool . thanks ! where be we meeting mom ? tyler guggenheim . what 's up with that girl ? caroline I just ... they think I be weird . sometimes I sort of space out . tyler when you be draw ? caroline yeah . other time too . madamoiselle fleischman have to snap she finger at I a lot today . and everybody laugh and they all think I be a freak of nature . caroline take a brief glance over she shoulder , towards the school . tyler je m'appelle " freak of nature . " caroline smirk . tyler mon dieu , mon soeurette ! je m'appelle " freak of nature " . Sacre bleu. french toast . caroline what be you go to tell mom about you face ? tyler I finally find something I be good at ? 26 ext . nyu -- front step below the flag -- day 26 aidan appear to have cornere a professor on she way in or out of the building . the woman look tired , annoyed , like she just want to go . aidan talk fast , even faster than usual . 30 . aidan ... I know by every numerical measurement I do not pass but what I be hope be that maybe you give I a grade on my try to pass . my commitment to effort . my commitment to commitment ... since the semester be nearly at it 's terminus . Craig 's car roll to a stop just in front of the flag . ally give he a kiss on the cheek . she get out , and walk up the stair , right past aidan . aidan ( distract ) I mean ... uh ... life 's only about what we put into it . it 's about people . and what they put into it . and I be -- ah , screw it . aidan run off leave the befuddle professor on the step . 27 int . railroad flat -- live room -- day 27 Tyler , again with the guitar . aidan enter , excited . aidan he 's get a daughter . tyler who ? aidan the cop ... the cop who bust you face all up . he 's get a daughter . and she 's hot ! I smell revenge ! tyler revenge . what do you want I to do , kidnap she ? aidan you introduce yourself ... go on a few date ... be you charming , gentlemanly self ... and then , flip the script . tyler what do that mean ? 31 . aidan screw she brain out and make she call you daddy . steal she underwear and sell it on ebay . put she in clown shoe , take lewd photo and post they on she high school 's home page . I do not know . be creative . tyler you should be incarcerate on general principle . aidan hey . what happen to you be very emasculate . tell I you do not want to get that asshole and I will drop it . tyler I do not want to get that asshole . aidan just meet she . tyler I do not want to meet she . aidan she 's cute . tyler I do not care . aidan you be meeting she . tyler I be not meeting she . 28 int . coffee shop . WASHINGTON square park .- day 28 a Student hangout . the place be bustling . numerous nyu student move , sit , eat , lounge . aidan scan the crowd . Tyler stand beside he look far less enthusiastic . tyler this be one of that moment I be already regret . aidan she be here yesterday . 32 . tyler what be I suppose to say to this girl ? " hey doll face , you dad trample all over my civil liberty , wanna make out ? " aidan well do not call she doll face . ally enter . she wear a big sweatshirt . aidan spot she . aidan there . the brunette . Tyler watch she settle into a couch with a big cup of coffee . tyler I know she . I mean , I do not know she , but , I have see she . she 's in my global politics class . aidan there you go ! something to open with . now get over there . Tyler sigh , begin toward ally . aidan shazam ! Tyler glare . aidan give a big thumb up . tyler Excuse I ? ally briefly look up from she book . tyler my name 's Tyler roth . I be wonder if I could bother you for a minute ? he give she a charming smile . ally you be already bother I . beat . the smile usually work . tyler um , I be do kind of a sociological experiment ... I be hope you could help I out . 33. ally look at he , a little wearily , hold she place in the book . ally what be you , kid I ? Tyler be genuinely take aback . tyler no , I ... may I ask you name ? ally anonymous . it 's Greek . it mean " you do not have a shot " . a surprised laugh escape from Tyler . tyler okay , anonymous , do you see the guy across the room , pretend to read a text book , look in this general direction ? aidan hold a math textbook at a awkward angle to mask he obvious interest in ally and Tyler 's conversation . ally subtle . tyler I have this theory that a objective third - party , have no prior contact , would be able to determine how much of a asshole he be just by look at he . ally ah. tyler he 's my roommate . and I have witness so many glaring example of assaholic behavior that I be biased as a subject , but I be convinced that he have a aura , that people can actually perceive . so , just take a good long look . and tell I what you think ? she look at aidan , briefly , who shift to avoid she gaze . then she take a peek at Tyler 's profile . ally who else do you plan on ask ? 34 . tyler no one here . the parameter call only to sample attractive woman in they early twenty . ally I be nineteen . tyler in they late teens . ( beat ) well , look , you typically get something for participate in this thing and I have run out of that big foam finger , so I be think maybe I could take you out some night ? she look at he . tyler or you could just go out with I on the off chance we would have a interesting conversation . ally I do not date sociology major ... they be a rowdy bunch . tyler indeed they be . lucky for you , I be undecided . ally about what ? tyler everything . Tyler smile . ally try to hide a smile . she close she book and extend she hand . ally I be ally . 29 int . private school -- art studio -- day 29 caroline in art class amongst a sea of green plaid . the girl work in relative silence , draw , painting . 35 . the art teacher walk amongst they look over they shoulder , see a lot of amateur art work , then she come upon caroline and stop . the teacher find herself captivate by ... a comic portrait of Diane and Les kissing in the doorway of they brownstone . Diane have a bit of a manic smile and Les be half she size . caroline notice she teacher stare . she do not like it and shift to block she view . the teacher gently ease she back . smile softly . caroline smile back as she teacher move across the room . caroline have just put she pencil back to paper when ... the bitchy girl we have see before start whisper and smirk . one of they mouth ... chubby girl kiss ass freak . caroline 's smile shrink away and she go back to work . 30 int . craig family home ally' bedroom -- next evening 30 ally in sweat pants , a ancient tee-shirt , she hair in a scrunchie , eat mallomar from the bag and read . Craig yell from the bottom of the stair . he carry a bag from a video store . craig do not be mad ... ally dad , we have see freaking Erin brockovich twice already . you always cry . craig o/ S I do not . ally it 's embarrassing . her cell phone ring . ally hello ? 36 . 31 ext . FIRE escape . railroad flat . 31 tyler hey . it 's Tyler . intercut : ally wince . ally hi. tyler you be go to stand I up . I can feel it in my bone . I will be devastate . ally no ... I ... I be just ... tyler you be just sit around in you pajamas watch t.v. ally no. I be not watch t.v. I be just ... get dress . she wipe she hand on she sweat , smear they with chocolate . ally and I be go to meet you at the place at .. what time again ? tyler eight . ally right ... yes . eight ...okay . she hang up . ally shit . she whip the scrunchie out of she hair and head for the bathroom . 32 int . craig house . kitchen . 32 ally come down the stair , put on she earring . 37 . Craig look at ally , confuse . ally I be go out . craig I can see that . ally well , you be a train investigator . she be move quickly , grab she bag , she wallet . Craig toss she key . craig who be you go with ? ally a boy from school . beat . craig okay . ally I be not ask for permission . craig ( sharply ) I know . ( more gently ) have a good time . here 's cab fare . he peel off a couple of twenty . ally thanks . craig should I wait up ? ally dad . Craig put he hand in the air in surrender . 33 int . lemongrass grill -- night 33 a hole in the wall lower East side thai restaurant . Tyler and ally sit together peruse menus . a waiter approach . 38 . ally ( to the waiter ) what dessert do you have ? waiter dessert special fry bananas a la mode . ally great , I will have that . a glass of skim milk . then the mussel , please . Tyler and the waiter share a look . tyler pad thai and a sapporo . thanks . the waiter take the menus . ally I have my dessert first . tyler be this a political statement ? a medical condition ? ally I just do not see the point in wait for something I know I want and be go to have . what if I die eat my mussel ? tyler be that probable ? ally it 's possible . if a embolism burst or a asteroid hit the restaurant , I would die without have eat the thing I want most . tyler but the odd be , I mean ... ally Fine . I will tell you what , you guarantee I . swear to I on you eternal soul that I will make it through my entrée . and I will wait . Tyler go to answer . ally hold up a hand . 39 . ally before you answer , keep in mind , if I die , you will have to live the rest of you life know that you not only lie to I , but deny I my last indulgence . my last wish . be you prepare to shoulder that kind of responsibility to prove a point ? Tyler think about it . smile . ally do not worry . I will share . 34 ext . lemongrass grill -- night 34 Tyler and ally exit out onto the street . Tyler immediately take out he cigarettes , he lighter , then he notice ... ally look at he disappointed . ally really ? Tyler take the cue put the packet and lighter away . a beat . ally I have a nice time . tyler you have a nice time or you be have a nice time ? ally consider . tyler because if you be have one , why rush to end it ? 35 ext . STREET festival ( a LA san gennaro ) -- greenwich village -- 35 after they approach a carnival game , one that ubiquitous basketball toss . the attendant badger passersby to test they luck . giant stuffed animal hang all around it . Tyler pay the attendant , get the basketball . toss one , two , the third , then nothing . game over . tyler do I tell you I be caucasian ? 40 . ally apparently . Tyler pay again , wipe out again . game over . Tyler pay again . lose again . he 's visibly frustrated now . ally can not we just stroll while I feed you ice cream with firework in the background ? tyler no . if I stop , he win . ally who , the attendant ? tyler no , the frigging giant Panda . Tyler hand the attendant another dollar . 36 ext . sidewalk -- later 36 ally carry a giant panda under she arm . Tyler walk beside she with a self - satisfied smile . ally I do not know what you be smile about . tyler I win . ally pay off the attendant be not win ... it 's cheating . tyler I just pay a premium to cut out the middle man . that 's innovation . that 's free market enterprise . that 's what make America great . ally aha . by the way , what happen to you eye ? Tyler touch the bandage . tyler oh , it 's nothing , just a bar fight . 41 . ally how butch . tyler I know . I be practically a pirate . ally okay , Captain Morgan ... tyler ( laugh ) you have get some serious timing . all it 's get late . tyler I will walk you to the train . ally I will take a cab . 37 ext . sidewalk -- just after 37 Tyler be just hail she a taxi . he stand there hold the door open . ally thanks . beat . Tyler lean in to kiss she . ally turn away . ally not tonight . not never ... just ... not tonight . cab driver we goin ' or what ? ally hey ! turn on the meter . Tyler respectfully lean back . tyler so dessert before dinner for fear of death by rogue asteroid ... yes . kiss guy you be obviously attract to before drive off into the unknown New York night ... no . 42 . ally consider . she give he a quick but tender kiss . ally you be really weird . she get in the cab . ally ( to the driver ) I be go to queen and I do not wanna hear about it . off she go in the taxi . Tyler watch she go . 38 ext . private school . the last day of school . 38 caroline exite with the crowd . one of the bitchy girl shoulder check she from behind as she pass . Tyler , wait on he perch , catch it , walk up to she . tyler happy end of sixth grade ! caroline finally . 39 ext . central park -- alice in wonderland statue -- afternoon39 child climb all over the bronze statue . caroline among they . she sit on a mushroom cap , let she leg dangle . Tyler watch she from they usual bench , he bike lean next to he . caroline they have I in this art program summer thing at Pratt ... tyler I hear . caroline it 's very prestigious due to my artistic greatness . tyler do not pretend . I know you be proud . you should be . caroline allow herself a tiny grin . 43. caroline there 's , like , a thing ... tyler a thing ? caroline ( sheepish ) a show where you show what you have do and stuff . will you come ? tyler let I check my book . abso -freak - lutely . I be camp out . I be sleep there the night before . caroline be secretly thrilled . caroline you be so retarded . Mom 's be hyperventilate with joy . tyler good . I be sure Les be ... tyler / caroline " really supportive " ! caroline you school 's over , right ? tyler yes , it 's over . do Mom and Les get the beach house again ? caroline yup . what be we go to do for you birthday ? tyler nothing . caroline can we have a party ? tyler no . caroline a little one ? at Mom 's ? with aidan . I will make Mom behave . no cry . tyler like that 's possible . 44 . caroline smile . 40 int . railroad flat -- night -- deeper into summer 40 ally explore Tyler 's live room with a tumbler of wine . it 's in a state of medium disarray . he clock she look . tyler I know . but we have coaster . ally I do not do coaster till the third date . she look over he poster , picture , etc . Tyler scan a stack of CD , he select radiohead 's kid a , put it in . the hypnotic first track fill the room . ally come across a framed photo of a band on stage . the lead guitarist look like Tyler with long hair . ally be that you ? tyler that 's Michael . my brother . ally he look like you ... or you look like he . do he play around here ? tyler not any more . ally notice the old guitar in the corner . ally do you play ? tyler it depend who you ask . ally if I ask anybody ? tyler they would say no . I try but it turn out you need talent . ally so what talent do you actually have ? 45 . tyler falconry . I come from a long line of falconer . ally there 's a lot of money in that . Tyler smile . he 's actually a hair nervous . tyler well there be one thing ... Tyler walk to the kitchen counter where a clean and polished cover cake stand sit . ally what 's that ? tyler we appetizer . Tyler lift off the cover to reveal a german chocolate cake . he 's write a message in the icing : " in case of ast -- and then a piece have be crudely cut out . ally 's surprised . tyler it use to say " in case of asteroid " but I take a shower and aidan get high . 41 int . kitchen -- later that night 41 ally and Tyler stand in front of a sink full of dirty dish , up to they elbow in soapy water . ally so what kind of grade do you end up with from vogelstein ? tyler I do not actually get grade . beat . tyler I be not technically enrol . I work out a audit thing . ally oh. and the strand be not a significant career choice . 46 . tyler I like the book . he indicate the dish . tyler you do not have to help I , you know . ally at the rate you be go , dish wash be go to be you life 's vocation . I can say I know you when . he flick a bit of water on she shirt . ally take a beat . ally this be the playful , you get I all wet part ? right ? tyler ( horsing around ) you make it sound so cheap . ally 's not have it . ally it be cheap . I have see this scene a hundred time . Tyler 's a little confuse . tyler I be sorry . I do not ... ally you know what never happen in this scene , Tyler - who-do not - really - go - to -school ? Tyler - who-do n't-really care-about-his -job ? Tyler blink helplessly . ally this . a entire enormous pot of pasta water up end on the host . bit of spaghetti cling to he , tiny tomato and zucchini on he shoulder like little barnacle . he sputter and gasp and blink . ally no , that usually never happen . 47 . she calmly go back to wash dish . beat . spaghetti guy stare at she . she give it right back to he , 100 % New York City . beat . in one move Tyler sling ally over he shoulder . she grunt , unglamorously . 42 int . bathroom -- second later 42 Tyler burst through the bathroom door . ally over he shoulder . never one to waste a moment , she use the opportunity to check out what 's in he wallet . he turn on the shower . she have he driver licence . tyler apologize . ally never . you middle name be keat ? you parent be pretentious as hell . Tyler turn on the shower and toss ally into the water . she dance to avoid the stream . ally grab the portable shower head and turn it at he . Tyler jump into the tub to avoid the spray . they wrestle for the shower head . tyler apologize . ally I would rather eat monkey . this crack Tyler up . he stop struggle for the shower and gasp a little with laughter , put up he hand in surrender . ally stand there , hold the shower head , giggle . they lock eye for a moment . the air be charge . ally spritzes he in the face . tyler I surrender ! oh my God , you be relentless . 48 . he slide down the wall until he 's sit in the tub , ally follow . ally Victory at all cost . 43 int . bath tub -- later 43 Tyler and ally lie side - by-side , drench . they foot hang over the edge of the tub . Tyler reach into he pocket and remove a drip cigarette packet . he squeeze out water . tyler now ... I be furious . he toss they in a waste basket . ally you should quit anyway . tyler really ? why ? be cigarettes like bad for you or something ? ally playfully slap he . she notice the tip of Tyler 's tattoo peek out of he undershirt . ally be that a tattoo ? let I see . tyler it 's not really ... ally please . it 's very bad ass . all that ritualistic scarring . Tyler peel the soak garment off he back as ally offer polite applause . Michael 's name become clear . ally take a long look . she see Tyler 's not smile anymore . she get it . ally I be sorry ... I do not ... I do not realize . she look at he . ask with out ask . tyler he kill himself . beat . 49 . ally when ? tyler when he be 21 . he have just start work for my father . ally be gently pick spaghetti and tomato off Tyler . ally I think he be a musician . tyler he be . but he be not make a live do music and my father 's a very compelling guy . ally mine too . ally look away for a moment . tuck a curl behind she ear . then they look at each other . ally open she mouth to speak . aidan burst in . he 's drunk , loud , wear a irish flag like a cape . he carry a bottle of whiskey and a can of guinness . aidan damn , you be not naked . tyler you be not irish . aidan T , what happen in the kitchen ? it look like somebody 's water break . ( notice ally ) hi. tyler ally , aidan ... aidan , ally . aidan take ally 's hand . kiss it . aidan do not feel bad that you be more attract to I than you be to he it happen to all of they . ally look at aidan closely , try to figure out where she know he from , it dawns on she . ally oh ! you be the assaholic ! 50 . aidan well , I -- ( realize what she say ) wait . what ? Tyler and ally laugh . aidan 's too drunk to care . aidan alright , you two . up. dress . let 's go . " around the World " party on the third floor ... a lot of ugly but a lot more alcohol . let 's go . ally I can not , I would , I would love to , but I have gotta get home , my dad 's wait up . aidan ally . ally . listen to I , young lady . one drink . from any country . I will even put France on the table . one drink . you choice . and we be go . ally ( to Tyler ) one drink ? tyler ( to aidan ) one drink ? aidan ( innocent shrug ) one drink . 44 int . bathroom -- later 44 ally vomit in they toilet . Tyler hold she hair back . aidan appear in the doorway still wear that flag . aidan hey , how we doin' ? ally try to speak , all we hear be a series of groan . then she dry heave again . Tyler shoot aidan a look . aidan what ? what do you want I to say ? that I be sorry ? you want I to say I " m sorry ? ( more ) 51 . aidan ( cont would ) you want I to apologize for show a nice girl a good time ? be that it ? Tyler just look at he . aidan consider . aidan I be sorry . ally Tyler ... Tyler kneel down . ally push she purse at he , she look like she 's about to pass out . ally I , need , you ... to call ... my dad . Tyler and aidan share a look . aidan shrug . tyler oh. ok . sure . Tyler pull out she cellphone - the battery be dead . tyler you phone 's dead . just tell I the number and I will call he ... Tyler turn around to find ally pass out on the floor . he try to gently nudge she awake . tyler ally ? ally ? sergeant craig ( o.s. ) I know ally 's a good kid , Leo . 45 int . craig family home -- ally' bedroom -- late night 45 the bedside clock read 3:47 . Craig be on the phone while search through ally 's desk drawer . for anything . he find a note book with a red cover and start flipping through it . craig ... she be suppose to be back . she 's not back ... call Ted profere ... and what 's he face in the 9th ... and call I back . just do it , Leo ! Craig hang up the phone . 52 . beat . he pick it up again and start dial , still flipping through the notebook . 46 int tyler' bedroom -- next morning 46 ally wake up alone in Tyler 's bed , hang over , confuse , try to put the piece together , then she see the clock . and a wave of panic wash over she as she jump out of bed . ally ...oh God oh God oh God oh God ... 47 int . live room -- later 47 Tyler sleep on the couch use aidan 's irish flag as a blanket . ally come in pull on she shoe . Tyler stir in time to see she run out the door . 48 int . craig family home -- later 48 Craig sit at the table , dial someone , anyone . ally enter , drop she key on the counter . her father do not look at she as she pour herself a coffee . ally ... I be sorry . I fall asleep ... Craig squeeze honey into he coffee , practically strangling the bear . not look at she . ally notice the red notebook on the kitchen table next to the phone . craig you turn you phone off . ally I forget to charge it . it dawns on she ... ally that 's mine . from my desk . Craig say nothing . just stir he coffee . ally be furious . ally how could you ? 53. craig you be go all night . I be try to get some information . ally how could you go through my stuff like I be a suspect ? craig then stop act like one . ally what be the matter with you , dad ? you have no respect for I and the way I be feel , my privacy . we talk about this ! you be totally paranoid ... craig you watch you mouth ! ally you do not do anything . you do not go anywhere except work . you have no life . craig my life be right here ! in this house . the same place as yours . but you be spitting all over it . ally Jesus Christ , dad ! I go on a date ! craig I smell alcohol ... right back at he . ally so do i. beat . ally dad ... craig this be my house ! ally you wanna bury I in it ? 54 . crack ! he hit she , hard , open hand , from across the width of he body . ally be knock off balance and hit she head on the cabinet . craig ally ! his face be contort with panic and shame . ally 's disorient . her ear be ringing . her lip be split . a knot be start to form where she hit she head . she straighten herself up and stare at she dad like she have no idea who he be . beat . Craig try to envelop she . with a guttural snarl she push he away , get a little bit of blood on he shirt . she scramble up the stair . 49 ext . railroad flat -- rooftop -- day 49 Sunshine beat down on a little make - shift rooftop hideaway , a few old beach chair , a stereo , a weight bench . aidan work out with a old set of dumb bell . Tyler sit on a beach chair , try again with the guitar . aidan ... so ? she just leave ? no good bye ? Tyler nod , strumm like he 's wear box glove . aidan finish up a set . aidan maybe she hear you play the guitar . tyler you be the one dump jello shot down she throat . you almost kill she . aidan lie down to do the bench press ... there 's a lot of weight on the bar . aidan there be sin of omission and sin of commission , my friend . I have deal with mine and I have forgiven myself ... you should do the same . 55 . aidan lift . it 's too heavy and fall to he chest . Tyler forgo he spot duty , let he struggle . aidan strain . aidan ... little help , t... little help , little help , lotta help ... tyler ?! Tyler blow three perfect smoke ring . finally he put down the guitar and help get the bar up . aidan panting , rub he chest . aidan what the hell be that ? tyler penance . I have to get to work . 50 int . railroad flat -- live room -- day 50 Tyler and aidan come into they apartment , aidan still rub he chest . ally be stand there in the middle of the live area . a pack bag at she foot , she face a mess . ally I do not know where else to go . 51 int . live room -- sunset 51 aidan sit on the couch still in he gym clothes drink a protein shake out of a blender . Tyler come out of he bedroom gently close the door behind he . aidan how 's she doin ' ? tyler she 's pretty shake up . Tyler take a seat beside he . take out a cigarette . tyler we have really get to fix that dead bolt . aidan my bad . sorry . tyler do not be . you think she will sleep ? 56 . aidan you realize if she have have the s.l.u. T if look could kill ... aidan too soon ? a silent moment pass . tyler I tell she she could stay here ... be you alright with that ? aidan as long as she need . 52 int . live room -- later that night 52 Tyler have just finish make up the ratty sofa as a bed . ally appear from the bedroom , frame by the open door . she have sleep in one of Tyler 's button down shirt . tyler you be up . beat . tyler can I get you anything ? she nod . tyler I will be out here if you need I . beat . ally take off the shirt and let it fall . she stand there . 53 int . tyler' bedroom -- later 53 we interrupt ally and Tyler in the throes of passion . Tyler sit on the edge of the bed . ally be on top . she kiss he neck . suddenly , Tyler throw she to the bed . he take control . ally 's momentarily take aback , but do not stop he . there 's noticeable aggression to they love-make . 57 . in the midst of everything , the pair slow almost to stop , a caesura . they stare into each other in a moment of surprise and recognition . then again . Young , hungry , aggressive . time lapse they lie , eye close , almost asleep , entwine with each other . Tyler give a little sound of contentment . ally , in she own haze , reach for he , she hair all over the place . eye still close they fumble for each other , start , in this dream state , to make love all over again . 54 int . bedroom -- before sunrise 54 the sheet have be tear loose from the mattress . ally lie asleep , curl in the comforter . Tyler lie awake beside she , he smoke a cigarette and watch the sky just start to brighten . Tyler get out of bed . grab he journal . a note propped up next to the bed : " please do not leave . I will be back . " 55 ext . sidewalk -- later 55 Tyler lock he bike outside the coffee shop . 56 int . wall STREET coffee shop -- sunrise 56 the place be empty . a few early riser get coffee to go . he sit in the same booth , he journal hold open by the binder clip . he write , a bag of bialy next to he . janine enter . order two coffee . she see Tyler , smile . she pick up she coffee and approach he . janine I can not believe you still come down here . Tyler look up , grin , nod to she coffee . tyler it 's not so far . I can not believe you still get he coffee ... three sugar , no milk ? 58 . janine ( shrug ) Old habit . you be not write anything bad about I , be you ? tyler not today . janine I gotta run . early meeting . janine turn to go , remember something , turn back . janine I probably will not see you before Saturday so ... happy birthday . Tyler nod , try to smile . janine glance back as she go . janine I will be sure to tell you father that you say hello . Tyler nod sheepishly . 57 int . railroad flat -- live room -- later 57 Tyler return with breakfast . from aidan 's room , a pathetic croak ... aidan o/ S bialy . Tyler toss he a bialy like he 's toss fish to a seal . ally lie on the couch . curle in a blanket . a cup of hot tea in hand . she sip it . it sting she lip a little . tyler hey ... ally hey ... Tyler sit . she shift and curl next to he . ally where do you go ? tyler downtown . 59 . ally why ? Tyler pull he journal from he pocket . hand it to she . tyler there 's a coffee shop . I bring you a bialy . ally New York be full of coffee shop . tyler this one be we place ... Michael 's and mine . we have breakfast there all the time ... maybe not as many time as I think we do . but enough time . anyway we eat there that morning . it be the last place I see he . ally oh . so you go there to write ? to he ? tyler maybe . sometimes . I do not know . but I guess I want to tell he about you . ally be move , you can see it in she eye , but she choose not to overdo it . she flip through the journal . she hand it back to he . then out of nowhere . ally my mom be murder eight year ago . the same year you brother die . Tyler be stunne . ally you do not need to say anything , I know you be sorry . everyone 's always sorry , you know ? he do . ally it 's just , I need you to know that , my dad , he 's not a evil guy . ( more ) 60 . ally ( cont would ) I do not want you to think that because I be here he 's some kind of belligerent psychotic , he 's not ... I do not know , it 's just recently , he seem really ... she look at Tyler 's face . his eye be so patient . ally tear up . ally wound ? we house be like the recovery room , or the critical care unit or something . Tyler stroke she hair . ally I do not feel like that , though . I feel like I be get stronger and like I be leave he behind to swim in it all by himself . she be weep . Tyler pull she to he do the best he can . holding she and kissing she hair . 58 int . sixth precinct -- 2 day later . 58 sergeant Craig stand with a rookie officer , berate . craig tell I something , matthews , do you like paperwork ? matthews no , sir . Craig be work up a head of steam . craig I neither . nobody like paperwork . but paperwork keep we ship afloat . paperwork make it possible for I to keep track of all the scumbag . but I can not do that if newby like you be incapable of remember standard filing ... Leo interrupt . leo Jim ... 61 . Craig snap he head around . craig ... what ? Leo gesture to speak privately . leo ally call Sharon . craig what ? leo she say to tell you , she 's with friend , and she 's fine . craig what friend ? les she do not say . craig that 's all ? his partner nod . Craig look away . leo I be sorry , Jim . listen , why do not you come over this weekend ? we will get the grill go . Sharon want to see you . we can have some people , nice people ... you can circulate a little ... craig no . leo Jim ... craig Leo , no . stop. Craig go back to he desk . Leo look after he . 59 int . railroad flat -- live room -- day 59 aidan sit in the live room , try to assemble a ikea television stand . a joint smolder in the ashtray . the buzzer ring . 62 . aidan go to answer it . aidan hello ? diane aidan , it 's Diane . he blink . aidan oh , hey Diane . he throw down the key , then yell towards the roof ... aidan t! it 's you mom . with Diane 's knock the door swing open . aidan hey Diane . he give she a kiss on the cheek . diane you really have to fix that door . I be so sorry to just show up . I call but you phone be busy . aidan look and realize that the phone be indeed off the hook , as just the handset , wrap in duct tape , be visible on top of the sofa . aidan no problem . come on in . Tyler and ally enter the apartment through the fire escape tyler hey mom . diane hey . I be so sorry honey . I try to call but ... tyler . it 's okay . Mom , this be ally . ally , this be my mom , Diane . ally hi. Nice to meet you . Diane be thrilled . she have a huge mom grin . 63. diane ally . it 's lovely to meet you . just lovely . Diane be pump ally 's hand like she 's drilling for oil . tyler sit down , Mom . can I get you something ? she navigate the ikea carnage and sit on the sofa , the joint smolder in the ashtray in front of she . aidan ever the go , remove the ashtray to the window ledge . diane yes . aidan , would you bring back that spliff , please ? beat . aidan uh..okay . Tyler look completely befuddle . aidan pass Diane the joint . she take a deep hit . diane thank you . aidan how 's work , Diane ? diane well ... ( big exhale ) I just find housing for a family that have be in shelter for three week . so that 's good . on the other hand , I have six other family . the woman measure each other . diane but Tyler , I want to talk to you . ally come on , aidan . aidan what ? ally Nice to meet you , Diane . 64 . she start to drag aidan out the window , back up the fire escape , but he make a brief detour . aidan do not freaking bogart that joint , Diane . diane sorry . she hand it back to he and aidan and ally climb away . Tyler sit next to he mom and light a cigarette . diane well , first , you sister be all excited about you birthday at the house . I wish you would tell I . tyler I wish she would tell I . it be a unilateral caroline decision . will you make sausage and pepper ? diane of course . Tyler , you father be drive I crazy . I should not even be discuss this with you . I can not get he to say he will come to you sister 's exhibit . her art exhibit . he say he 's in the middle of a ipo . Tyler rub he eye . diane Les say I should not broker . I should let they be on whatever road they be on . beat . tyler I will get he there . diane she care about this , even though she 's pretend she do not . tyler I will get he there , mom . diane you will ? 65 . tyler yes . she look relieved . diane thank you . thank you . she kiss he cheek , and rise to go . he take she to the door . diane why do not you bring that lovely girl to you birthday ? tyler ( a warning ) Diane ... diane sorry . sorry . I love you , darling , but this place reek of marijuana . she go , shutting the door behind she . 60 ext . rooftop -- after . 60 aidan and ally on the roof , they have arrange themselves in the deck chair . ally that be weird . I assume most mom do not smoke weed in front of they son 's ...um aidan piece of ass ? ally you know , you be a poet . aidan hey . I know one thing . I know that in the time I have live with Tyler , he have never introduce a girl ... woman ... female ...to he mom before . ally it 's not like he have a choice . she ambush we . 66 . aidan yeah , but he would have shove you in a closet or something . or literally pretend you be a hallucination . ally ha ha . aidan I mean it . it 's the first time . ever . ally do it ever occur to you that that 's kind of weird ? aidan no . ally throw up she hand . 61 int . bathroom . after . 61 Tyler , have pull the decrepit house phone into the bathroom , be lean against the sink , gird himself to call Charles . he look in the mirror and make a face . 62 int . charle ' office . just after 62 janine poke she head into Charles ' office . Charles be swamp with work and surround by underling . janine Charles , it 's you son . Charles be surprised . charle what ? janine on the phone . charle okay . he punch a button . charle Tyler , you be on speakerphone . 67 . 63 in . bathroom . after . 63 tyler it 's about caroline 's show . be you plan on attend ? charle o/ S what ? there be people here . you will have to speak up . Tyler hold the phone away from he face and scream at it , silently . tyler caroline 's show . charle o/ S what about it ? tyler ( ready to kill he ) you be come , right ? charle o/ S Fine . yes . I be come . we will go to dinner first . alright ?... ( to janine ) janine ? tyler dinner ? that 's not ... charle I will make a reservation and have janine call you . he hang up . Tyler stare at the phone a sec , then hit he head , once , against the bathroom door . 64 int . diane's house -- dine room -- night -- a week later 64 Tyler be sit at the table in the darken room with ally stand behind he with she hand over he eye . caroline enter from the kitchen carry Tyler 's birthday cake . she have obviously decorate it herself . she have draw ( as best as she could , give the medium ) the character from the alice statue in frosting . it read " a very merry unbirthday to you " , and have " 22 " in numerical candle and " + 1 to ungrow on " write next to that . 68 . she 's sing . aidan , ally , Diane be all sing . there 's a flash from a camera off screen . it 's les. caroline put the cake down in front of she brother and ally take she hand away just as they finish the song . Tyler 's face in the candlelight as he see caroline 's effort . he take a huge breath ... caroline make a wish . he look at she and blow out the candle . everybody applaud , Diane longer than anyone else . her eye be shine . CUT to : 65 int . dine room -- later 65 the cake totally devoure . Les be obsessively eat frosting . caroline be try to teach aidan how to waltz in the live room . he be ... caroline retarded . Tyler ? Tyler rise from the sofa and take over as caroline 's partner . she put she foot on top of he foot and they waltz . tyler / caroline " one , two . three . one , two , three " ally and Diane be wash dish in silence . beat . ally you be the second member of this family I have wash dish with . beat . diane he be do it to impress you . he 's never wash a dish in he life . 69 . 66 int . caroline's room . 66 caroline at she desk , sketching . her door be ajar . ally enter , mouth agape as she lay eye on caroline 's collection of artwork on the wall . ally wow . caroline 's work on a portrait of tyler on a park bench , cigarette dangle from he bottom lip . a perfect rendering of a fleeting moment . ally May I ? caroline shrug . ally look over caroline 's shoulder . ally that 's exactly he . it 's like the cigarette be the last coca cola in the desert . caroline smile . ally I can not believe he smoke in front of you . caroline do not worry , I be not that impressionable . ally smile . caroline go back to work . ally look around at all the portrait paper she wall . it stir a memory . ally you know when I be young , we do not have air conditioning in the house , so during the summer my mom and I would go to museum to cool down ... she love they all but the met be always she favorite . caroline mine too . the met be one of my favorite place in the world . ally so ... I hear you have get a art exhibit come up . 70 . caroline ( skeptical ) you wanna come ? ally be it that obvious ? but only if you be ok with it . I do not want to impose and I will completely understand if you do not want some random girl there . caroline consider this . caroline you be not random ... you be Tyler 's girlfriend . ally have never hear anyone say it so plainly . she seem a bit perplex , then grin . it 's okay with she . 67 int . railroad flat -- live room -- night of caroline's show67 Tyler wear the suit we meet he in , it 's be dry-clean . ally emerge from the bathroom , look gorgeous in a vintage black cocktail dress and carry a pink wrap . ally you like ? tyler let 's just skip dinner and I will tell you how great you look in like eighteen different language . ally you just want to skip dinner . I get you a tie . she hand he a simple blue tie that match he eye . beat . tyler I be go to make a joke about how I be not prepare for the commitment of exchange accessory and how neck wear especially be a slippery slope , but I should probably shut up and say thank you . 71 . ally you be learn . Tyler put on he tie in the mirror . he scowl . 68 int . four season restaurant -- after . 68 Tyler and ally sip cocktail at the nicest table in the place . there 's a empty seat . Tyler 's eye flicker towards the door . twice . he touch he tie . tyler have you ever be here ? ally try to lighten he mood . ally ( joke ) yeah . every Tuesday with my pop . this go right past Tyler whose eye flicker towards the door again . tyler he 's allow to stand I up . but he 's not allow to stand you up . or my sister . Tyler finish he drink , signal a waiter who glide to the table . tyler I will have a whiskey . charle get I one too ... like a stealth bomber . at least this moment rescue the man from actually have to greet each other . waiter yes . for the lady ? ally I be fine , thank you . the waiter go . tyler this be alicia Craig . ally , my father , Charles roth . Charles give a courtly nod and take she hand . 72 . charle a pleasure . 69 int . restaurant -- later 69 a empty wine bottle . Charles cut into a one-hund dollar steak . charle you be go to be a social worker ? ally yes . but with a area of focus responsibility . it 's easier to find a job that way . charle what will you area be ? ally criminal justice . charle tough area . ally when I be little I want to play first base for the Met . I do not think it 's any harder than that . charle the Met , huh . ally ( arching a eyebrow ) I be from rockaway . tyler dad 's a yankee fan . it have something to do with the payroll . charle it have to do with significant ball play . you be a yankee fan when you be little . you be Lou piniella for Halloween . tyler blind familial allegiance . I do not know what overpriced , overf , fat bastard they be . 73. charle ( serious as a heart attack ) who 's fat ? what yankee be fat ? tell I . tyler ( right back at he ) it 's a metaphor ... Charles adjust he tie and go back to he steak . tyler Roger clemen . Charles look at he son . put he fork down . silence at the table . back to the steak . beat . ally Shane Spencer . Charles look up , take aback . ally Nick Johnson . Tyler try to get a word in . charle ( he mouth full of steak ) he 's big bone ! Charles and ally burst out laugh . Tyler roll he eye --time CUT dessert . ally be work on a enormous profiterole . Tyler , another whiskey . charle how long have you dad be a cop ? ally twenty - two year . his cell phone light up . Charles gently put he hand on hers . 74 . charle would you excuse I please ... I be so sorry . ally it 's ok . Charles get up from the table . Tyler , not able to help himself , shoot he a glance . ally clock it . ally it 's just a call . he hold out ' till dessert . Charles return . charle I be sorry ... and you mother ? ally she pass away when I be eleven . charle ah. ally she be murder . I be there . Charles and Tyler be stunne to silence . ally ( to Tyler ) I never tell you that part . tyler why be you say this now ? ally I do not know . the man look at she . she 's a hero . charle and , here you be . ally yup . here I be . 70 int . craig family home . kitchen . 70 there be a empty lean cuisine box , and two empty beer can on the counter . 75 . Craig stand by the microwave as it count down ... 4,3,2,1 . beep . he remove a eggplant parmigiana and slide it carefully on to a wait plate . he take it , along with a fresh beer , to the live room . he sit heavily on the sofa and hit a remote , unpause erin brockovich . 71 ext . in front of the four season -- later 71 Tyler and ally wait in front of the restaurant as Charles take another call . a town car and driver wait as well . ally I think he 's lovely . Tyler put he head in he hand . tyler god. Charles return . his face blank . tyler do not say it . charle I have to go to the office . tyler you have somewhere else to be , dad . Charles adjust he tie . Tyler loosen he . ally be unsure where to look . charle the exhibit run till nine . you guy take the car . I will meet you . tyler I do not believe you . charle that 's all there be , Tyler . tyler it 's not good enough . charle I do not have to justify anything to you . take the car . I will get a cab . I will meet you . 76 . he step into the street to hail a cab . Tyler watch he dad get into a taxi , then hold the car door for ally . 72 int . caroline's art exhibit -- pratt auditorium -- later 72 amateur artwork and pick over catering . the rest of the exhibitor be high school age , even a college freshman or two . they mill with they friend and family . animate . ally and aidan stand before a collection of familiar portrait ( Charles read the paper at breakfast , Les and Diane kissing , Tyler on the park bench ) . caroline sit on a catering table , Tyler next to she . she look miserable , he look furious . Diane bustles over with a plate of cupcake and a big stupid grin . diane I bring you every flavor . caroline look once at she mom then ... caroline ( to Tyler ) I be ready to go home now . Tyler nod , take she hand . call to ... tyler ally ...? Les , eat a cupcake , and ally , stand under a portrait of Charles . ally pick up she purse . Diane stand there with she cupcake . 73 int . railroad flat . right after 73 Tyler , visibly agitate , be let ally in the front door to the apartment . he grab he bike off the wall . ally where be you go ? tyler I have something I have get to do . ally now ? ally reach for he elbow . he yank he arm away . 77 . tyler be you capable of take care of yourself for a hour ? do you need I here every minute , or what ? he slam out . ally look like she 's be slap . 74 int . charles'office -- right after 74 Charles in a meeting with several subordinate . everyone be in late night disarray . they be obviously on they way to pull a all - nighter . the door to the office fly open . Tyler barge in . janine trail . janine Tyler ? Tyler ? you can not just ... charle it 's fine janine . there be space between the two man . Tyler extend a roll up piece of paper to he father . tyler she draw you a picture . charle put it on the table . beat . Tyler hold on to the portrait . tyler you have a daughter who sincerely believe you do not like she . charle if I have any question about what my daughter may believe , I will let you know . Tyler gesture with the portrait tyler do not you at least want to know she ? she 's tell you something , dad . she 's communicate . why be not you rivete ? why be not this the most important thing ? at least for one night of you life ? 78 . charle I have hear this song before , Tyler . subordinate # 1 we can come back ... the subordinate rise . charle it 's fine , khaleel . they sit . there be still distance between the two man . beat . charle who be this display for ? tyler you , Mr. roth . beat . charle she know I will take care of she . tyler and ...? the subordinate rise again . subordinate # 1 we really can come back another ... charle sit the fuck down . they sit . charle and that I love she . I love she . good God , you toss that word around like currency . you have no idea what it mean . tyler maybe not . maybe caroline do not either . where would she have learn it ? 79 . charle I have provide she world . and yours . tyler that do not mean you be allow to shatter it whenever there 's something better to do . charle who the hell do you think you be talk to ? you pedale down here on you bike for Christ 's sake . you have to take care of nothing . you be responsible for no one . you be a kid . you think you be the first one to lose anything ? do you think that there be anything you feel that I have not already feel ? tyler you do not find he . I find he . and you be so tragically blind , the rest of you child be go to hang themselves on you watch . Charles go , snarling , for he son , and Tyler be more than willing . janine and one of the subordinate get between they . janine stop ! stop ! the man be pull apart . Tyler be white and tremble with rage . Charles ' face be completely dark and close . janine get out of here Tyler . Tyler run for the door . stumble over furniture , caroline 's portrait crush under he foot . 75 int . railroad flat -- right after . 75 ally , still in she dress , try to excavate a ice tray freeze in the ancient freezer . there 's get to be six inch of frost in there . she start stabbing it with a wooden spoon . as she hear the door , she turn and put on she most blister attitude like a overcoat . as Tyler walk into the light -- he face white with anger , practically cry -- she eye widen ... 80 . ally oh my God . she run to he , he fall into she . he 's a mess . he will not let she see he face . she push at he hair , try to see and understand . he kiss she , so she will not see . Tyler be completely lose in the storm and alicia santana Craig be go to get he through . ally okay . she yank he head up . ally it 's okay . they kiss . she bring he hand up into she hair , around she face . they kiss . he kiss she like he 's starve for she . CUT to : 76 tyler' bedroom -- later 76 Tyler and ally , wrap around each other , both deeply asleep . 77 int . craig family home -- craig be office -- afternoon 77 Craig , home from work . he hit the button on the answer machine . there 's just one message . ally o/ S ( on the machine ) dad , it 's I . I have be invite ... I be go away to the beach for Labor Day ... they be nice people . if there 's any problem I will call . or they will . okay ... bye . as he take off he jacket , Craig hit rewind and play the message again ... ally o/ S ( on the machine ) dad , it 's I ... 78 int . diane's montauk beach house -- night -- summer' end 78 raucous laughter . caroline , Tyler , Les , ally and aidan be in the live room play charade . 81 . everyone be a little sunburnt , the adult be a little drunk . ally be wrap up in Tyler , caroline be on she mom 's lap on the floor , Les next to they , lie on he stomach . aidan be up and God only know what he 's do les ( totally flabbergasted ) I genuinely have no idea ... be you have a seizure ? caroline time . aidan Berlin alexanderplatz ! more raucous laughter . aidan you people be culturally bankrupt . tyler whose be that anyway ? caroline mine . whoops of laughter heretofore unheard in montauk . diane okay , you . bed . les . me? yeah , baby . caroline Gross . Gross . Gross I out the door . she rise and flee into the kitchen . Les roll over and end up with he head in Diane 's lap . he look at she for a moment . les you be just the prettiest girl . Diane beam at he . Tyler smile at he mom and Les , then at ally . Diane take a deep look at she son . her eye shine . aidan Holy crap . what 's with all the smile ? 82. caroline travel through the live room with a popsicle . she be head for she bedroom . caroline a child could do Berlin alexanderplatz , you spaz . Les snort with laughter . Diane rise , dump he to the floor . les hey ! diane I want five minute with my child before she cease to be a child and decide I be ruin she life . on she way out , Diane pause and gently push one of ally 's stray curl behind she ear . smile down at she . diane be not you a treasure . ally stare up at Diane for a beat , she eye shine . 79 int . amtrack -- passenger car ( moving ) -- day 79 tanned and rejuvenate , ally , Tyler , and aidan sit together on the train back to the city . ally and Tyler kiss . aidan watch they . aidan I want a girlfriend . tyler what ? aidan dinner out , movie . regular sex . that could be all right . for like , a summer . ally you be such a romantic . aidan and I have have all the race . ally Excuse I ? 83. aidan I have have all the race . I have be with girl from every ... race . ally laugh . tyler that be the stupidest thing you have ever say , include that time with the bong in the emergency room . ally White girl . aidan please . like fall off a log . as a matter of fact ... ally shut up . Black girl . aidan but of course . ally asian . aidan twice . ally latina . aidan oui! ally a Latin girl actually sleep with you ? what 's she name ? she 's out of the club . Tyler be laugh . ally think for a moment . ally eskimo . aidan give a satisfied smile . tyler / ally no way ! aidan monica ipellie . she work at the Public Library on 96th street . 84 . ally you sleep with a eskimo ? tyler you go to the library ? the car door open and a man usher he family through . it 's Craig 's partner Leo , in plain clothes . aidan inuit . in - u- it , ally . try not to show you ignorance . ally I do not believe you . aidan Fine . Nice girl . while we be do it , I could not get this little , like , song out of my head ... he begin to bob he head to a rhythm . aidan " inuit , bum buh bum , I be bang a inuit , bum buh bum buh bum ... " ally and Tyler collapse in laughter as Craig 's partner pass he notice ally immediately . she do not see he . he take a long look at Tyler as he follow he wife and kid into the next car . ally prove it . ten buck . the train make a stop at patchogue . Leo and family disembark . aidan you wanna go to the library ? ally the minute we get off this train . aidan Fine . ally Tyler , be you come ? tyler I will skip this particular bloodbath , thank you . 85 . 80 int . tyler' apartment build -- hallway -- later 80 Tyler , he bag on he shoulder , return home , fishing in he pocket for he key . he sing the inuit song to himself ... tyler bum buh bum bum buh bum buh bum ... his front door be unlock . Tyler freeze . take a beat . scan the room , silently drop he bag . he reach behind he for the aluminium bat against the door . wield it , he take two step into the apartment . Craig , in plain clothes , sit on Tyler 's bed , amidst the carnage of Tyler 's stuff . he have be rifling through everything . the guitar be propped haphazardly against the wall . Craig look up . the man lock eye . Craig 's eye go to the bat . Tyler lean it slowly against the wall . beat . craig where be she ? tyler what be you do in my house ? Craig 's eye flash . craig where 's my daughter ? tyler she 's not here now . she 's at the library . Craig 's face say it : " bullshit " . craig do she know ? cop never ask a question they do not know the answer to . tyler no . 86 . craig I do not think so . I figure you would probably leave that up to I when you be do with she . Craig 's face , like he wife 's so many year ago , be pure contempt . with he body at this angle , Tyler can now see he gun . tyler I be not go anywhere . craig that 's true , Tyler roth , son of Charles and Diane . brother of caroline and Michael , decease , suicide by hang . you be kinda lose , be not you ? take a little vacation in coach before find you way back to first class ? tyler I be the one she come to when you use she face as a punch bag . Craig close the distance . from Tyler 's p.o. V he look like a freight train . in a flash , he get Tyler in a choke hold , flip he on he back on the bed and put he hand around Tyler 's throat . silence , except for exertion . Tyler 's hand be on Craig 's wrist . he be hold Craig 's eye . his face be start to turn color . beat . beat . tyler she need you . it travel between the two man . Craig grapple with it , although he still have he hand at Tyler 's throat . Craig drop he hand , push himself off Tyler Tyler roll to one side , cough and gag . Craig lean against the wall for support . 87 . he be try , before we eye , to pull the shard of himself together . his gun visible at he waistband . Tyler 's cough , he face still red , he eye travel briefly to the bat , then to Craig . Craig close he eye , very briefly , then rise . not look at Tyler . beat . look at Tyler . beat . Craig go to the front door . craig get a fuck dead bolt . slam . and then he 's go . the door bounce in its frame . and then it 's just Tyler try to remember how to breathe . 81 int . railroad flat -- later . 81 Tyler smoking , stand at the window , wait for ally . he see she walk up to the front door . he grind he cigarette out . ally be run up the stair ally o/ S Tyler keat roth ! she arrive at the door . ally he bang a inuit ! she 's really nice . and smart . I do not get it . beat . ally what 's go on ? tyler you dad be here . ally ( panic ) what ? tyler when I get home . 88. beat . ally I hate he ! she lunge for the phone . Tyler stop she hand . tyler there 's more . she look like she 's start to panic . tyler he know I . before I meet you . he arrest I and aidan . he give I that gash over my eye . ally I do not understand . tyler I mouth off to he . he ... respond . then aidan see you guy together at school . she be not quite get it . tyler aidan suggest ... i... introduce myself to you . she 's get it . beat . tyler ally ... ally I be go to be sick . she bolt from the chair to the sink and dry heave . Tyler reach out to comfort she . tyler hey . she reel around and crack he across the face . not like a chick . like she dad . the sound hang in the air . ally go to the bedroom and start throw she stuff in she bag . Tyler follow she . 89 . tyler do not do that . what be you do ? ally do you realize what you have do ? tyler yeah . he do not . ally do you think I would never find out ? I mean , think about it . I have to find out eventually . you set it up that way . tyler but it do not mean anything . I do not mean to hurt you , ally no . that 's exactly what you mean to do . she push past he and out the door . 82 int . tyler' apartment build -- stairwell -- 82 ally head down . aidan head up . he smile wide . aidan hey . ally push past he . ally prick . 83 int . railroad flat -- later that night 83 Tyler sit on the ratty couch . aidan eat old chinese food from the container . he offer some to Tyler . they sit in silence . Tyler swell . aidan eat . aidan you have to tell she eventually ... this be no comfort . 90 . aidan Glass half full ... you just save yourself a awkward Thanksgiving . sincere now . aidan she will be back , T. Tyler head into he bedroom and shut the door . 84 int . craig family home -- kitchen -- night 84 sergeant Craig work on a sink full of dirty dish . he scrub at a filthy pan with a piece of steel wool . he 's manic but there 's not a beer can in sight . ally o/ S you know you be not suppose to use that on non-stick pan ... Craig turn , find she there in the doorway , bag at she foot . ally it take off the teflon . they stare at each other for a moment . ally you should let it soak . sergeant craig okay . they look at each other . Craig try a smile . ally 's cool with he . move towards he , past he . ally I be go upstairs . 85 ext . east side manhattan apartment build -- evening 85 caroline and Diane walk up to the doorman . caroline carry a gift , a sleep bag . Diane smile at she daughter . caroline stop smile . you look insane . Diane can not help it try as she might . 91 . diane I be sorry , honey . I just ... it 's nice . like a end of the summer send off . caroline roll she eye . diane have fun . caroline go into the lobby . Diane head back to she car . 86 int . east side apartment -- foyer 86 caroline give she gift to the birthday girl who smile . she follow she into the next room where the other party guest watch a movie . they all turn and look at caroline . caroline smile sheepishly . some of the mean girl be there , one of they give she a perfunctory smile . 87 int . landmark sunshine movie theater -- houston STREET -- 87 night . Jackie Chan 's foot slamm through a wall . Tyler and aidan be watch rush hour 2 . aidan slurp from a super mega size soda , laugh , enjoy himself . he turn to he friend . Tyler sit , completely drain , look like the loneliest guy on the planet . aidan give he a nudge . Tyler look at the screen for a sec and half smile , then slip away again . aidan be genuinely concerned . 88 int . east side apartmnt -- kitchen -- next morning 88 the party girl 's mom be in a bathrobe . she look horrify , she have one hand cover she mouth and be whisper into a cell phone . caroline be on the kitchen phone . her long hair have be CUT to piece while she sleep . she be cry . caroline ( into the phone ) Mom ? 89 int . craig family home -- later that morning 89 ally and she father cook breakfast together . there 's a knock . 92 . 90 ext . doorstep . 90 aidan pace nervously . Craig appear in a apron . aidan smile . aidan hi. beat . aidan be this the , uh , that be , do , uh , alicia Craig . do she live here ? Craig nod . aidan oh great . I be ... craig you think I do not remember you ? aidan no , sir . ally who be it dad ? ally see aidan . she touch she father 's forearm . ally it 's ok ... Craig step back into the house . six inch . ally really . he back into the hall . aidan and ally be alone . ally what do you want ? aidan look , I be a prick . ally and ... Craig pop back like a eel from a wreck . he 's get the mangle honey bear . ally dad ... 93. he go again . pfft. aidan 's visibly relieved . aidan Tyler 's not . she start to close the door . aidan wait . shit . this be not really my thing . ally he lie to I . aidan he 's in love with you . ally he would like to think he be . aidan do not get it . aidan I do not know what that mean ... I have see he look at one other girl the way he look at you . she 's a lot short and share he DNA . ally look away . aidan you do not have to forgive he today ... just forgive he . Craig reappear from the deep . craig thanks for stop by . Father and daughter go back into the house . aidan exhales . 91 int . hoffman family home -- caroline's bedroom -- later 91 Diane be on the house phone , prepare a tray of tea and cinnamon toast for caroline as she talk . 94 . diane be you tell I , Ms. Spencer , that you intend to let that girl stay in you school ?... of course they be all stick to the same story and that story be a load of crap !... she slam a cabinet close as Les pick up the tray and we track he down the hall to caroline's room . Les be speak on he cell phone . les ( sotto , into the phone ) she 's pretty traumatize . I want to pull some name together in case we all decide she should talk to someone ... 92 int . caroline's bedroom . 92 caroline and Tyler be lie on caroline 's bed . her head be nestle on he shoulder . she look even tinier than usual . Tyler be read to she , softly , from the Book of Greek myth , he other hand stroking she butcher hair . she look pale , waste . her eye be sink and she 's fight sleep . a lose battle , she 's exhaust . her lid finally shutter to the sound of she brother 's voice . Les , at the door , place the tray on caroline 's desk ... les ( on the phone ) there 's no witness and it do not happen on school property . the school will not do anything . they will probably get away with it ... Tyler 's eye , register anger and shock , jump from the page as he hear this . 93 int . foyer . 93 Diane open the front door for aidan and ally . aidan wrap he arm around Diane and give she a hug . ally hang back a bit , unsure , then embrace Diane . Tyler emerge from the hallway . 95 . tyler ( to Diane ) she 's asleep . he see aidan and ally . stop short . 94 ext . front step -- later 94 Tyler alone on the top stair , take long pull from a cigarette . ally come out the front door , softly close it behind she . tyler last one ever . I swear . ally I do not care . beat . tyler I know you be not here for I but , thank you for be here . a silent moment pass . tyler for what it 's worth , I think you be amazing . ally it 's not worth much . you make everything between we a lie . tyler I be sorry . ally okay . now what ? I be suppose to just forgive you ? a BMW 7 Series speed around the corner . stop in front of the house . Charles get out of the car , see he son . charle how be she ? tyler she 's sleep . Diane emerge from the house . Charles stride quickly towards she . 96 . 95 int . bedroom -- later 95 caroline asleep in she bed . Charles stand in the doorway watch she sleep , we get the feel he have not see she asleep in some time . Diane appear at he side . charle how long do you think she will sleep ? diane I think she will be out for a while . would you like to wait ? charle thank you . I can not . I will call she later . diane I will tell she . Diane look at Charles . he 's still watch he daughter . 96 int . private school -- classroom -- morning 96 caroline 's teacher prepare she lesson plan . she start to write the date on the board when the door open . caroline and Tyler enter . the entire class be watch . it 's dead quiet . caroline put she tremble hand in she pocket . Tyler look at a few of the girl . they look back , unconcern , almost amused . Tyler walk he sister to she desk . tyler ( to caroline , whisper ) you okay ? caroline nod , although she eye be brim . as she slip out of she jacket , the content of she pocket clatter noisily to the floor . Tyler immediately bend to help she . mean girl have you do something different with you hair ? I love it ! snickering laughter . caroline look like a deer in headlight . teacher okay , okay . enough . 97 . Tyler move towards a empty desk . some girl keep snicker . suddenly , Tyler grab the desk . throws it through the air . 97 int . hallway -- simultaneous 97 a janitor push a flat broom down the empty corridor when the glass from one of the classroom door explode as the desk make impact . he stop push the broom and stare . 98 int . classroom -- later 98 pin-drop silence . the student sit paralyze . Tyler stare at the mean girl . her arrogance completely go . caroline stare up at she brother , awestruck . 99 int . holding cell -- later 99 tyler lock up among crack head and petty crook on a dirty bench with he hand behind he head and a bemuse smirk . a bailiff approach the hold cell . look at Tyler . bailiff you post . 100 int . nypd precinct -- later 100 Charles stand in the wait area . Tyler be lead out by the bailiff rub he wrist . he see he father , he face register surprise . beat . the man walk together towards the exit in silence . neither look at the other . charle destruction of private property and felony trespasp . tyler I do not call you . charle I know you do not . Charles stop . 98 . charle I have unleash a raging shitstorm of epic proportion on the board of trustee of that pissant school that will not abate until that girl seek enrollment elsewhere . I give they a week . beat . charle I know you think I be a prick , but I have my use . guess so . charle can you come by the office to talk to the lawyer ? beat . Tyler decide . Tyler nod . Charles appraise he son . charle try not to vandalize any more school in the meantime . Charles walk ahead , pull out he cell phone . Tyler call after he . tyler thank you for bail I out . Charles , without turn around , charle no problem . 101 ext . nyu -- front step -- beautiful september morning 101 Tyler lean against the bike rack , wait . he see ally run up the step and watch she as she blend into the crowd . 102 ext . WASHINGTON square park -- just after . 102 no mime , just dealer . ally with a girlfriend , walk towards the East side . Tyler catch up to she . 99 . shake the friend 's hand . after a beat , ally agree to walk with he . he reach for she hand . she pull it away , but walk next to he . 103 ext . central park -- alice statue -- just after . 103 Tyler have convinced ally to come uptown and meet caroline with he . Tyler and caroline climb all over the Alice , while ally watch from a bench . as befit a seventh grader , caroline turn she face to the sun and arrange herself to take advantage of the early September tanning possibility . Tyler walk over to ally 's bench , sit next to she . beat . ally use the little sister be dirty pool . tyler ( carefully ) be it work ? beat . ally maybe . Tyler have a smile the size of New York City . ally smile back . dissolve to : 104 int . tyler' bedroom -- the next morning 104 Bright sun pour through the window . ally lie asleep . Tyler be up and dress now , he grab he journal off he desk , kneel beside ally . he be bath in the pool of light stream in . tyler ( nuzzling ) hey ... hey . 100 . ally hmmm . tyler I will be back in a hour . I have to stop by my dad 's office . ally ( sleepily ) do you want french toast or pancake for breakfast ? tyler whichever taste better a la mode . ally smile . ally say hi to you dad for I . Tyler watch she lie there . tyler if I say I love you ... what would you say ? ally ( laugh ) I love you . tyler I love you too . Tyler kiss she . then head out into the ... 105 int . live room -- moment later 105 aidan pass out on the couch still wear the clothes he go out in the night before . Tyler watch he sleep . aidan ( without open he eye ) french toast . Tyler smile as he take he journal and exit . 106 ext . hoffman family home -- porch -- morning 106 Charles wait on the doorstep , he town car wait on the curb . Diane answer the door expect to find caroline 's driver , she 's confuse to find ... 101 . diane Charles ? charle good morning Diane . diane what be you do here ? charle Tyler 's come by the office , but I think I would ride to school with caroline first . Diane be speechless . this be a first . diane um ...ok ...sure ... yeah ... great . she 's not ready though , she 's go to need at least twenty minute . Charles hate wait . charle ( adjust he tie ) all right . 107 ext . sidewalk -- later 107 Tyler chain up he bike . his cellphone ring . he check it . know what it 's regard before he answer . tyler be you cancel all together or be you just run late ? 108 int . charle ' town car -- morning 108 Charles and caroline in the back seat . she 's on one side , with she pink back pack , he 's on the other . charle ( on the phone ) be you already on you way ? intercut : 109 ext . OPEN plaza . 109 Tyler round a corner . 102 . tyler I be already here . charle I be take caroline to school . he look at he daughter . she look back at he , then look out the window . Tyler consider . tyler take you time . I will just wait in you office . charle it may be a while . tyler that 's okay . Tyler hang up and join the herd of suit head down the street . 110 int . elevator -- later 110 Tyler riding in a handsome marble and oak elevator with a half - dozen executive type . Tyler step on and press the number 92 . the door close . 111 int . executive floor -- reception -- later 111 Tyler walk , approach the receptionist from the ashtray incident . he smile pleasantly . she do not . tyler janine in ? the receptionist ( cold ) she go for coffee . tyler she get I any ? just kid . Tyler head down the hall . the receptionist roll she eye . 112 int . charle roth's office -- later 112 Tyler step into he father 's empty office . it 's dark , quiet . he open the blind . sunlight fill the room . 103 . Tyler walk around the office . pick thing up , put they back . Tyler sit at he father 's desk in he executive chair . he lean back . put he foot up and he hand behind he head . Tyler notice the computer . he turn on the monitor and put he hand on the mouse - but do not move it . his hand just stop and stay perfectly still . Tyler stare at the monitor where he dad 's screen saver be scrolling through photo ... this photo be all of he family ... " Michael 's first Christmas , Tyler 's eighth birthday , Diane in the hospital with caroline in a pink blanket , Charles and he kid build a sand castle at the shore " ... they just keep go . Tyler find himself watch a slide show of he life . 113 ext . private school -- later 113 that line of luxury car drop they daughter off . Charles ' town car roll to a stop . caroline give he a kiss on the cheek . it register , sort of . she get out . Charles watch she all the way into the school . his driver see he watch caroline in the rear view mirror . Charles give the Driver a look " you be wait for a invite ? " the Driver peel out . 114 int . tyler' apartment -- kitchen -- later 114 ally have make a mess make french toast . aidan be yakking on he phone . 115 int . town car -- later 115 Charles in traffic . all around he driver curse , honk , hate each other . Charles ride , not let it bug he . 116 int . private school -- classroom -- later 116 caroline draw at she desk as she teacher come in and get ready to start the day . 104 . 117 int . charle roth's office -- later 117 Tyler be still watch the screen saver when janine enter . janine good Morning , mister roth . tyler do you know about this ? janine walk around the desk in time to see a photo of Tyler and Michael naked in the tub pop up . she smile . janine who do you think scan all the picture ? Tyler smile . janine smile , then a photo of Michael come up . that smile fade . silence . janine how old would he be ? tyler twenty -nine last May . Tyler stand and look out one of the floor - to- ceiling window separate by column . he stare out at mid town and a perfect blue sky . janine look befuddle . janine it 's really be that long ? I could have swear it be ... tyler May 18 , 1993 . a silent moment pass . janine reflect . janine I should be able to remember that . I be sorry . Tyler look at she , he face easy ... tyler it 's okay . 118 int . private school -- classroom -- later 118 caroline 's teacher write the date on the board as caroline sit quietly doodling . the teacher look she way . 105 . teacher caroline ? hello ? wide shot of the blackboard . it 's unmistakable : september 11 , 2001 119 ext . charle roth's office -- later 119 we be now look at Tyler from just outside Charles ' office window and we be pulling back ... until we see Tyler frame in the window surround by eerily familiar grey metal siding ... until we see can barely see Tyler and the base of a giant white antenna ... until we can no longer see Tyler as he 's disappear into the composite of the building and we have pull back far enough to reveal that Tyler be stand in a window on the ... 92nd floor of the North Tower of the World Trade Center . a moment of still perfect silence . the tower . the blue sky . then we hear the faint sound of aa Flight 11 's engine as it close in on the North Tower . CUT to black . silence . darkness . we wait in it . tyler V / o whatever you do in life will be insignificant but it be very important that you do it because ... 120 ext . lower manhattan -- that morning 120 Charles roth step out of he car . his gaze fix skyward . all around he the other driver mimic he behavior . tyler V / o it 's a good bet ... 121 ext . diane's brownstone stoop -- later 121 Diane sweeping cigarette butt off the stoop . tyler V / o nobody else will ... 106 . Diane join a group of onlooker stare up from a street corner in Brooklyn where the black smoke stain the blue sky . one of they have a radio to he ear . tyler V / o Michael ... Diane stare at it . tyler V / o someone 's be try to tell I something . 122 ext . world trade CENTER / or outside the precinct ?-- 122 Craig , through a long lens stand by he car with the door open . he be , crystal clear , bark order , while wave of blue and slashes of orange float around he . tyler V / o maybe it 's you ... 123 ext . tyler' apartment -- roof -- later 123 aidan and ally absolutely frantic on the roof . holding hand . craning to see . ash begin to float down on they . it get catch in ally 's hair . tyler V / o this girl ! ally ! her life , even the nightmare part seepe into I and I swear to God I can hear you better . 124 int . private school -- hallway -- later 124 a door fly open . caroline run out into the empty hall , to the exit . tyler V / o what 's that about ? I have always be the worst listener . 125 ext . lower manhattan -- street 125 the paper , so much of it , all of it singe , smoke -stain , fall like snow flake coating the street and the sidewalk . amongst the memo and fax that will now never be send and never receive we find ... 107 . tyler' journal . tyler V / o someone come into you life ... 126 ext . cemetery -- a grey morning 126 a light rain fall . two tombstone stand side - by-side . michael roth May 20 , 1969 May 18 , 1993 tyler roth June 17 , 1978 September 11 , 2001 Charles , caroline , Diane and Les approach the tombstone . a family mourn . Diane slip she hand through Charles ' elbow . the gesture seem quite natural , easy . dissolve to : 127 int . nyu dorm -- day 127 we find ally , with a roommate , put up lively , indian print curtain in they nyu dorm . 128 ext . lincoln CENTER . where : 128 caroline literally drag Charles into the rose build at lincoln CENTER , while he yell into he cell phone . tyler V / o and half of you say " danger ! stay in you cave ! you be nowhere near ready ! " caroline have come to the end of she rope with she dad . she grab he phone and throw it into the fountain , spin on she heel and march into the auditorium . Charles be completely thunderstruck . tyler V / o and the other half -- and this be the part I think be you -- he be tear between he phone and he daughter for a sec , choose caroline and take off after she ... ... then come run out by himself to rescue he phone . 108 . 129 int . japanese restaurant -- dinner 129 Craig be wear a jacket and tie . he 's on a date with a pretty woman . in he confusion over the menu , he knock over a glass of water . tyler V / o say " go get she ! immediately ! make she yours forever ! " 130 int . diane's office -- day 130 a chaotic place , fill with folk who need help . Diane at a desk , organize family . tyler V / o I be work on the forever part . 131 int . nyu -- 131 aidan actually awake in class . he have a tattoo on he forearm . " Tyler " . tyler V / o I be go to have to step up my game . but I be glad I listen . 132 ext . smith STREET station -- brooklyn -- night 132 ally , we find she as we first find she mother , silhouett against the lower Manhattan skyline where two beam of purple light reach up forever where the tower once stand . tyler V / o I love you . her train pull into the station . ally board with a few other commuter . she take a seat by herself across from ... a mom and a toddler , a little girl . the baby be squirming impossibly , the mom look exhaust . ally watch they , remember he , as the faintest hint of a smile cross she lip the subway light flicker and we ... CUT to black . tyler V / o do not be a stranger .