rendi it on by kel ley sane June 1 , 2006 revi sed WA - W reg . ext . rio do janei ro - dusk fromthe Sea . calm quiet . title card : '' rio do jane ! ro 's a breat ht aking vi ew of the city tuck bet ween rain forest gavgh the redeemer on " corcovado mountain '' o™™ ' " e stat have closer scat tere beach | ounger take in the last moment of sun . closer still the heart of the pua do otis , bar , shop and restaurant . int . backseat , taxi - conti nuqus rush hour . anwar EL - | brahi m Egypt a , 35 , sit anxiously . he check he watch , wpes sweat fromhis forehead . the heat 's intolerable . he loosen he tie and roll down the window . the driver swtches on the radio , salsa msic . anvar : be there a faster way ? W flight 's in a hour-twenty . driver ( break engl i sh ) wat can | do ? traffic be traffic . qnce we get past the light it shoul d be okay . not the answer he want . Anwar teans back , rest he armon he GREEN and vhi te suitcase | aying next to he ext . rio Al rport , | nternati onal term nal - conti nuous Anwar 's taxi pull up . Anwar grab he suitcase , bag , pay the driver then rush into the terminal . ext . toronto , CANADA - day Upper middle class suburb . title card : '' toronto , CANADA 's angle dow to anvar and | sabella 's S front law jeremy EL -| brah | m 7 , kick a soccer ball around the yard . | sabella FI eld EL -!1 brah|m 30 , watch ador | a 1m GE the front step wth she mother - in -! aw , nuru El 65 . isabella 's anerican , pretty , seven month pregnant wear a | oose 099 ! no suit . ru 's egyptian , dress in a black burka and shari . the phone RI ngs from | ns ! do nuru stand . isabella stand , move toward the door . | sabella | get it . int . kitchen , anwar and | sabella 's S house - cont ! nuous upscale . isabella enter and answer the phone . | sabella hel | 0 ? int . rio Al rport , | nternati onal term nal - ni ght Anwar rush to he gate . he 's on he cell . anvar ; it 's I , | only have a minute . | ntercut between | sabella and anvar in brazil . isabella smle , lean against the refrigerator . | sabella you do not call yesterday . anvar honey , | have meeting all day . there be photo _and postcard on the fridge door . I stand out : a vacation pol aroid of | sabella and R on a beach . | sabella you be at the beach fall in love wth a topless brazilian , while |’ mhere wth you rot she . anwar_arrive at the gate . he hand he ticket to the TI cketi no agent and continue on to the plane . anvar wat ? | can barely hear you . | sabella not hing . Cone hore . anvar | how be you feel ? the baby ? | sabella good , everything 's good . Anwar enter the pl ane . anvar the monkey and mon ? | sabella she 's bl own the speaker on she tv cause she al way have the vol une so loud . he start soccer tonvrrow , he 's grow out of he shoe . the painter finish the baby 's room the crib arrive ... Anwar find he first - class seat . anvar honey , |’ mon the plane . | gotta go . tell my mother we will get she a new tv . I 's Il take jere or new boot when | get hone . have they both a kiss . | sabella wat about be ? Anwar shove he overnight in the overhead compart rent . anvar you get the biggest one . i’i1l call you from New York . | love you . | sabella | love you too . DI stant echo of the | slam C call to prayer ext . cairo , egypt - daw the call to prayer conti nue . hundred of mosque and modern building pierce the norn haze hang over the city . title card : '' cai ro , egypt '' ext . seclude gate comvuni ty , cai ro - dawn a huge netal gate . two guard be post . a group of kid walk by on they way to school in identical uniform . they be closely follow by elderly wonen in burkas . Beyond the gate a row of white stucco house . int . bedroom douglas ' house - conti nuoqus douglas FREEMAN , 30 , lie in bed sound asl eep . a glint of direct sunlight creep up Douglas 's face to he eye . Douglas stir , wake . he sit up , rub he face , head , fant asi zes about two nore hour of sleep . he check the clock on the nightstand , '' 6:27 am '' next to the clock : a half empty bottle of bourbon and two gl ass . SOUND of the shomer fromthe adj oi ning bat hroom he | ook over to the other side of the bed , enpt y- he look to the bathroom door , bl urty - eye : he get out of bed and move to the bat hroom reach for the door knob , stop . the faint SOUND of a voce under the run water . dougl as hold very still , listen . a barely audi ble vo ce , in arabic . _ female voce ( os . ) ( subt i t | ed ) . mot hi no ... .. no. .today ...1 's mrunni no late . .to you tomorrow . | gotta go . the shower be shut off . Douglas move back to the bed and climb under the cover . still . safi ya emerge fromthe bathroomin a towel . she 's 30 , egyptian , pretty . Douglas stir , stretch . . douglas wat tire be it ? safi ya ( surprised he 's awake ) 6 : 30 . : : ( a little dig ) | it 's not like | can sleep in . she sit on the bed , lean in for a kiss . he turn away . douglas | have to brush ny tooth . she curl up next to he hold he safiya Wen 's 's he pick you up ? douglas 7:15 . safi ya ( kiss he neck ) . be he pick you up every norni no ? douglas , no . vé have a breakfast neeti no wth abasi . safiya __ be be you neeti no ? douglas wo be you talk to on the phone ? dougl as can not see the expression on she face . she 's thi nki no . safi ya Wen ? douglas just now , in the bat hroon ? safi ya mw mother . wry ? be that okay ? douglas at 6 in the morning ? safi ya she wake up early . what ? . douglas . not hing , |’ mjust ask . a bit annoyed , safiya get out of bed and start to dress . safi ya / she 's alone now . W brother 's in London . |’ mall she have . safiya slip on she top , the back be unbuttone . safi ya hel p not . ral as get out of bed and button it up . safiya check she be ection in the mirror . he kiss she neck , it make she smile . _ douglas be do you park ? safi ya be | always park . you be not the onl y one take a chance here . douglas , he can not see you here , safi . there 's no way of explain it . safi ya ( turn to he = snirki no ) sure there be . | come by late last night to bri no you sore docurent to si gn | trip and fall into you ed . dougl as smile . she give hima quick kiss on the cheek . safi ya i’ 11 see you at the office . int . bedroom abasi and sem a' S home , cai ro - morning a old fan turn slowy against a ceiling . eyl no n bed , watch it , lose in think be abas ! zawhar , 50 . *s heavyset , seem troubl ed . anm , 9 , burst into the bedroom door and | eap on the bed . in arabic wth encli sh subti tles anna daddy , do | wake you ? abasi no , sweetheart . pbasi manage a smile , tickle she . she | augh wth deli ght . he stop , tay back in bed . Anna move up next to he anna daddy , do you dream about I when you be sl eepi no ? abasi collect he thought . he slide he arm around she . abasi / | dream about you and you sister . fatima say you stop dream when you get marry . abasi ; you dreamall you life . it 's one of Allah 's gift . anna . do you dream when you die , daddy ? abasi | do not know . anna | 's mgonna dream about you when | di e. abasi watch she for a beat . he kiss she . she bean . int . abasi 's S KI tchen - day sem a , egyptian , 45 , pr epar es breakfast . Anna 's at the table . abasi enter and sit . _wear a well - tailore suit and tie . sema ignore he Anna sit quietly reflect the tense mood of she mother . Wen be fatima come hore ? abasi eat you food . awkward silence . senia bring Anna a glass of juice . sem a there be one girl sit here , aba . there should be two . W be not a family unless we be all here . abasi slam he hand on the table . Anna want to cry . abasi | do not tell she to | eave . / sem a / you do , by not listen . call she , aba. @ do not want to marry . abasi _ it 's not she choice to make . there be rule ! sem a it 's not . the same as when we be young . she have to be part of this deci si on . silence . sema rest she hand on abasi 's shoul der . sem a_ ( cont 'd ) call she , aba . for be . abasi | have call ! | call she everyday ! sem a tel ! she you make a mistake . pl ease , a. abasi do not respond . senia 's hand slide off he shoul der . she exit . ext . layla S apartment , cai ro - day ( desaturate ) upscale and expensi have . int . layla S apartment - conti nuqus ( desaturate ) | nport furniture , wde screen tv , top of the line stereo . the live room ! ead to a expansive balcony wth amazing view of the city . OPEN plan KI tchen layla , egyptian , 35 , tailore business suit , spoon homemade preserve onto a biscuit and eat it . she 's in a hurry . fatima zawahi RI , egyptian , 20 , wear a bathrobe , enter . she 's 's nat ural ly pretty san any make -up . she sit at the table . she look exhaust . layla watch she , concerned . she try to lighten the mood wth a snile . _ layla try this . | think | add too much sugar . layla bring a spoonful to fatirme 's mouth . fati ma it taste fine to not . layla sweet girl , and aterrible liar . have you call you father ? fatima reach for the toast , knock over the mlk . she stand , bunp the table hard , cover she mouth fati ma * msorry , |’ msorry . layla calmy rights the mlk container , wpes up the table . _ layla t's nothing . sit dow . fatima sit , calm . _ layla / t 's go to be okay , sweetie . layla put she hand on fatima 's , reassuringly . layla * mproud of you for hold you gr ound . fatima look up to she aunt . they share a nonent . | ntercom buzzer layla that 's ny taxi . layla stand , put on she coat . gather a large briefcase . vil one Tor three day . | want you in * be apart rent by eight . do you understand I ? fati ma yes . layla | mean it . ( gather she purse ) if you parent know ! be | eavi no ou here alone , they would kill not . not make a fool of I . and do not be | eat for school . layla kiss fatima on the cheek and exit . hold on fati mar . 10 . ext . layla S apartivent covplex - day ( desaturate ) fatima roll she bike out onto the street . she ride away . ext . cairo STREET - conti nuqus ( desaturate ) fatima turn dow a street , a tougher part of the city : slum housing , abandon car , bicycle shell chain to post . she approach a intersection . her spirit lift upon see a young man on he bike wait at the corner . he turn to fatima and flash a smile . this be khalid el-emn , 20 , egyptian , handsone , alnost pretty . khali D you 's be al way late . _ fatima ( smile ) ; but you al way wait . khali D gve not a kiss , right now fati ma ( bl ush ) be you crazy ? khali D ( make a goofy face ) yes , a madman . fati ma do you bring ny CD ? Khalid make a face suggest he forget . fati ma khal i d ? Khalid pull the CD and smile . he hand it to she . ; _ fatima do you listen to it ? khali D it 's okay . Khalid start on he bike . fatima ride after he fati ma you have the worst taste in music . 11. ext . cai ro STREET - day a black suv cruise down the street . int . black suv - conti nuqus dougl as sit _next_to wlliamdixqn 50 , anerican , seasoned . up Front , a driver and guard # 1 . Douglas read off he note . douglas you have meeting wth Zaher El saka , Interior , and Abdel a Aziz head of Defense on Fri day . | try to set themup earlier , but d1 xcn have you net this abasi , Zawa ... douglas Zawahiri . yes , | have . DI xon wat 's 's he |i ke ? douglas tough , persistent ... Guard # 1 light up a cigarette . _ dixon no smoking . ckay ? ( to dougl as ) tell himno smoki no dixon wnd down he wndow . the guard | ook to Douglas as if he do not understand . . douglas ( in arabi C ) he do not want to smell ! you smoke . put it out . the guard put it out . chagri ned . ext . sadat plaza , cai ro - day ( desaturate ) a bustling , congest four - | ane renarout circle a statue dedi cate to former presi dent anwar sada Khalid and fatima approach the turnabout . fatima stop . fati ma vé can not go that way . 12 . khali D it 's the shortest . fati VA mw father have coffee there every morning . what if he see we ? khali D wat if he see we ? | want to meet im fati ma / you know that 's not possi bl e . fatima ride off onto a different STREET Khalid follow . call out as he catch up : khali D have he call you ? fati ma / qiiy to yell at I . |’ mnot go to marry soreone | do not know . ( more desper at e) vé should run away . just go . khali D wer e? how would we live ? you have to be realistic , fatima . fatima know he 's right . she nod . Khalid lean over , kiss she cheek . she smile . they conti nue on . ext . sadat plaza , cai ro - day a cacophony of hi gh : end shop , teahouse , fabric store . arab music mix wth horn and the clatter of voice . a black mercede pull up in front of a tea house vahe , 50 , in a tailore suit and row 30 , a thug , exit the car and survey the area : a break down -! ooki no police sedan wth two police officer inside sip coffee . a carpet vendor beat a persi a rug . a busi nessman in a suit cut through traffic on a old vespa . 13 . satisfied , vahe open the rear door . abasi exit and move to the teahouse . he 1s warmly greet by the elderly tea house ower . they share a | augh . dougl as 's black suv enter the plaza . traffic be heavy . int . black suv - conti nuqus the driver point , then in Arabic : dri ver it 's just on the other side . DI xon wat do he say ? as the teahouse be across the plaza . DI xon how | ong have you ... suddenly , a gunshot ! the dri ver brake hard . Di xon and Douglas be throw forward . another gunshot ! through the wndshi eld - two gunven shoot across the plaza froma park vehicle . dougl as and dixon pull they weapon . cet US we cp pere ! ext . sadat plaza teahouse - conti nuqus pushehinthesd 'f1 { vato the cat " bedostr pana 'ri a fnal direction . total chaos . int . black suv - conti nuqus the driver turch forward , smashes the car in front . back up , hard , box in . dixon and Douglas be toss around . through the OPEN SI do W ndow - a massi ve explosi on and FI reball engulf the enti re turnabout . 14 . dougl as 's black suv be rock . sadat plaza car be throm | nto the Al R store wndom be blow out . pedestri ans | nstantly | nci nerate . black suv dixon sl unp into Douglas 's | ap bl eed fromthe head . jesus. @! eee ext . corri ne and lar 's hove , georgetow - N cht a gorgeous five - bedroom col oni al in a nice nei ghbor hood . title card : '' georgetown , district of cclumbi a 's | nt. corri ne and lar vhi tan S bedroom virgna - N ght a immacul eat bedroom tasteful ! y decor at ed . corri ne , 50 , and lar , 45 , sleep . the phone pierce the sil ence . corrine wake wth a start . she clear she throat and answer the phone as if she 's be awake for hour . corr ! ne hel | 0 ? corrine sit up and put on she read gl ass . corr ne wat 's 's he condition ? ( pause ) oo any cl aimof responsi bility ? lar sit up , groggy . lar wat be it ? corrine gesture for himto be quiet . she listen as she wite on a note pad . corr ! ne alright . i’ mcone in . corrine hang up and climb out of bed . 15 . lar wat happen ? corr ! ne / a sui cide bonbi no in Cairo . lar | be be you go ? it 's two - am corri ne @ back to sleep . corrine enter the bathroom and shut the door . lar roll over and go back to sl eep . ext . corr ne house - ni ght corrine exit the house . she 's on she cell . corri ne | , so , he 's Egypt ian wth canadi.an citizenship ? wiat 's he nane ? she enter a wait black sedan . it speed away . | nt. corri ne 's S sedan - conti nuoqus corrine on she cell . corr ! ne Wen do it arrive ? ; ( pause ) do it . I 's if fax you the aut hori zation when | get to the office . use Lee mayer at cga int . hallway , cai ro hosp ! tal - day a modern facility . doctor and nurse move about they busi ness . dougl as speak to a elderly egyptian doctor . dougl as have blood all over he shirt . a cellphone ring . Douglas pull he cell and move to a qui et corner . lee mayer ( v.q ) dougl as , Lee mayer . how dixon ? ext . CIA , langley headquarters - ni ght establi shi no 16 . title card : '' cl a headquarters , langley , VI rg nia 's | douglas ( V. oq ) he do not make it . int . lee mayer S office , langley - N ght lee mayer , 50 , pace in front of he desk , agitate . lee mayer fuck . where be you ? | ntercut between douglas and lee mayer douglas at the hospital . lee mayer be you hurt ? douglas no . lee mayer listen , you be gonna have to step up for awhile , fill in for dixon . ou 's will report directly to I . be that under st ood ? douglas yes . lee mayer stay safe . i’ Il get back to you . dougl as close he phone and turn . the corridor be now choke wth horribly | njure VI cti ms of the bonb , scurrying nurse and doctor . it take he breath away . flight . announcenvent ( V. '' ) '' vél come to New York 's JFK Airport . please followthe sign to US custom . have you passport and decl aration form ready .. '' int . gate 47 , JFK | nternati onal term nal - day passenger disenbark the arrive flight and followthe '' wel to NYC , U.S. | mm grati a sign . Anwar follow a passengers | N transit SI gn . 17 . a female securi ty guard cut hi m off . female securi ty guard M. Anwar El - 1 !brahi n? anvar ( puzzl ed ) yes . female securi ty guard Sir , we’ have receive a emergency message for you . could you pl ease fol | ow be . Anwar , suddenly alarre , follow the guard to a secure door off the corridor . anvar ; wat happen ? be it ny wfe ? female securi ty guard | apol ogi ze , si " they do not tell I any detail . be just tell to bring you to secur ! ty . the guar d open the door wth a a security card and gesture for war to enter . he do and face .. .. three masked men . the securi t uard quickly shut the door and walk off . there be heavy thump against the door . int . secure hallway , JFK Al rport - conti nuoqus the masked agent hustle a hood Anwar down the hall . int . baggage loading area , JFK Al rport - day a steady streamof bag move down a coneyer belt . a man in a black suit approach accompani ed by two Al rport baggage handlers . Anwar 's 's GREEN and vhi 'te suitcase nove down the belt . the man grab the bag , check the nare tag and exit . ext . heli port , JFK Al rport - day a }arge mlitary helicopter sit on the pad ready for take - off . the terminal door open . the agent nove Anwar into the helicopter . the helicopter take of 18 . ext . arrival , toronto | nternati onal Al rport - day est abl i shi no . int . toronto | nternati onal Al rport - conti nuous isabella and jereny stand at the arrival gate . the last few passenger trickle out . jeremy be 's daddy ? | sabella | do not know , honey . isabella pull out she phone and dial . ext . maxi mum securi ty facili ty in virgna - day the helicopter drop fromthe sky over the facility . | nt. maxi mum securi ty facili ty , VI rgn a - conti nuous a narrow hall way wth metal door on either side . still hood and cuffed , Anwar be move down the hall . anwar please ! wiat be go on ? | want to speak to a lawer . this be not right ! a guard open one of the interrogation roomdoor . Anwar be escort I nsi de . | nterrogati on room Lee mayer sit at a table |ook over he note . the guard cuff Anwar in the chair across fromLee and pull he hood off . Anwar be adjust to the light . lee rashid silim . : anwar . wat be go on ? m name be Anwar El - | brahim lee rashid be a egyptian responsi bl e for aterror attack in garro t oday . Lee push 19 . anwar | do not know anything about that . the phone record toward Anwar . Anwar squint to make they out . Lee wait . lee rashid pl ace several call to you as recently as four day ago . anvar |’ have never talk to anybody nane rashid . | have like to speak wtha l awer . lee wat be you do in ro? anvar am| under arrest ? Anwar relent . anvar a bi oengi neer conference . lee ; wo do you neet wth ? Anwar 's about to answer . Lee slide a pen and a pad of paper toward Anwar . Lee wait . lee list they after a beat , Anwar start to wite . anwar . . all well regard professional in ny industry . lee ; ; be you famliar wth bonb make t echni que ? anwar this be ridicul ous . lee you 's have never construct a bonb ? the repeat question give Anwar pause . he think . anvar oo . | worked_on a proj ect conmi ssi oned by the atf . ( more ) Lee hol ds Lee hol ds 20 . anwar ( cont ' d ) a bonb detection study , my company be ask to construct several device . six year ago . lee so you . have experience construct expl osi have devi ces ? anvar there be twenty of we on that team have you arrest themtoo ? he | ook . anwar | do not know any rashid . | have relative in Egypt . | get call fromtime to time ask for this or that . most of they !' have never meet . Friends of friend , friend of relative , cousin . ( emphatic ) no one have ever ask be to do anything illegal . if they do , I have report they on Anwar for a beat . he close he not ebook . lee nyu . anvar '' 92 . lee * 93 . a subtle connection . anvar do you do graduate there too ? lee col unbi a Law . anvar mchi gan State . ( teans in to Lee ) | | do not know what 's go on , but | can assure you this be a mistake . |’ have do nothing wo . lee wiling to take a polygraph test ? anvar the sooner the better . 21 . ext . mjkhabarat secret poli ce covplex , cai ro - day a monolithic maze of building protect by roadbl ock and armored vehi cl es . title card : '' mjkhabarat secret poli ce , cai ro 's int . abasi 's S office - conti nuqus a elegant roomof wood and antique furniture . abasi , vahe and rono enter . abasi seen visibly shake . in arabic wth subti tles vahe / .a piece of shrapnel the size of ny thunbnail into the head . abasi hang he coat up . he move to a cabinet and pull dow a bottle of bourbon . pour hinself a short glass . a young female assi stant enter and hand vahe sone docurrent 's . she exit . vahe ( off the docurent 's ) 36 dead , 69 inj ure . vahe hand one of the docunent to abasi . vahe / / rashid and the El - hazi m bri gade have cl aim responsi bility on they web-site . abasi read . vahe read off the other docunent . vahe you have call from corrine witrman , NSA , Lee mayer , CIA , and Davis fromthe State depart rent . abasi ( maki no a poi not ) qe dead areri can . ( throw back the bourbon ) surveillance t ape ? pono shake he head , '' no . abasi , there be two camera run on the square at all tine . 22 . both dow . abasi / Tourist video , atm , retail shop surveillance . find something . abasi wave themout . vahe and pono exit . ext . UN ted states embassy , cai ro - day a spraw i no mul it - buil ding compl ex surround by ten foot wall and barb be . the front entrance be bl ock by police vehicle and armored per sonnel carrier . dozen of police stand guard at the gate . title card : '' UN ted states embassy , cai ro 's int . cla office | nsi do the american embassy , cai ro - day basenvent . a high - tech intelligence center . 15 american and egyptian enpl oyee , include safiya , huddl e_around a flat screen play CNN 's report of the sadat plaza bovbi no on tv - aftermath of the explosion : smolder car , victim bei no hel ped into anbul ance , bl own out shop . CNN talki no head '' the attack , the second in as many week , once again raise the specter of one of the United ate ' close ally in the arab world face a horegrown terrorist threat try to destabilize the gover nnent . safiya watch , distress . CNN '' W tness '' | " bodi es be everywhere . pi ece of flesh , it be disgusting . " doug! as arrive wth blood still on he shirt . safiya turn to he she lift she hand to she mouth . safi ya doug! as . they all turn . a of GREEN , 45 , black , he secretary , move up to he 23 . a of mw God , Douglas ? be you okay ? you need a doctor ? douglas |’ have be ask to fill in for dixon until a replacement can be send . |’ mgonna need everything we have on the el-hazim Brigade , asap . int . douglas office - conti nuous a simple office wth a mnor view . tw computer monitor on he desk , three wall mount flat screen , stack of magazine , newspaper neatly arrange . dougl as enter and move to the closet . he see himself in the mrror for the first time . stun di sbel i ef . he start to undress . safiya enter quietly . safi ya be you okay ? Doug ! as struggle to get the word out . douglas it happen so ... the door swng open , anita and a male employee enter wth paper work . a of this be the most recent report on El Hazim | have Kenny on the phone to Jordan and Syria for background . dougl as take the report . safi ya : vé should have something by the end of the day . safiya give hima look , back out of the room int . anwar and | sabella S hove , front door - dawn isabella slip into she coat and pick up she purse . jereny stand on the staircase hold he school work . 24 . jeremy ; mommy , where be you goi no ? | sabella wy be you up so early ? G back to bed . jeremy you 's be suppose to take not to school . | sabella ; gandma 's !! take you . I 's Il pick you ‘( kneel 's ) monkey kiss . pi ease . jereny stand defiantly . isabella wait . jereny move up to he mother and give she a hug and a kiss . ext . UN ted states consulate , toronto - day a six - story bui ! di no in the middle of downtown Toronto . the bui | ding be ringed by security personnel and harden barrier . title card : '' UN ted states consulate , toronto 's int . steve conner S desk , consulate - conti nuoqus isabella sit anxiously across from steve conner , 40 . | sabella |’ have call the FBI , INS , New York gty police , Port Authority . no one can tell I anything . he check out of he hotel . 's company do not know be he be . he 's not answer he cell . Steve hold up he hand effectively cut she off . he turn to he computer , type . steve / |? mnot sure | can shed any |i ght on this , Ms. El ... | sabella el-lbrahim e-l , dash , |1 -bra -hi - mp hs name be Anwar . _ steve | : accord to immigration , Ms. | brahim there 's no record you husband | and in New York . 25 . | sabella that 's 's not possi bl e. steve maybe he miss he flight . | sabella he call I fromthe gate . if he have miss he flight he would have call nme again . . steve wat do the airline say ? isabella sense this be | ead nowmere . her frustration and hel pl essness build . __ | sabella ( with pes she eye ) can you check again pl ease . rel uct ant , Steve type into he terninal . steve you husband 's 's egyptian ? she look at hima if it be a accusation . | sabella he be bear in Egypt . he 's a canadi a citizen . steve do he have fanily , friend in Egypt ? | sabella yes , extend family , sone friend , | guess . steve have you speak to then ? | sabella m husband do not go to Egypt . he have not be there in eight , nine year . hs nother life wth we . steve | know how difficult this must be for you . but | do not know how the US government can help . there 's no record of himat inmigration , he be not arrest , turn away . ( more ) 26 . _. , , _ steve ( cont ' d) the airline say he be not _on the flight . this seem like a brazilian police issue . isabella stare at he ext . khalid S home - day ( desaturate ) a tough nei ghborhood . Khalid and fatima ride up to a decrepit house sit atop a open garage . fatima be hesitant . arabi C wth engli sh subti tles khali D it 's okay . fati ma just to do horework , Khalid . they park and lock they bike . they nove up the stair . Khalid pull a set of key froma flower pot near the door . int . khalid S home - conti nuous ( desaturate ) Khalid tead fatima inside through a small kitchen and to hl S bedroom he enter . she stop at the doorway , nervous . fati ma wat if you grandmother come back early ? Khalid move to she and take she hand . khali D ; she will not , she 's all the way in aswan . to visit she sister . fatima give hima look . Khalid kiss she cheek . khali D rel ax , it 's just we . he lead she to the bed , draw she down . snell she hair . khali D it smell like ci nnanon . she |ook at himand smile shyly . they kiss . it becore heat ed . | suddent y , fatima pull away , stand . this be go oo fast . 27 . khali D wat 's 's wo ? fati ma not hi no . she |ook around the room neat , organize . Sports poster , a cluster of soccer trophy , famly photo pin to the wall . fatima look at the photo . photo of Khalid and fadil EL - emn_ he older brother , both wth beard , stand besi de habi bah , they grandnother . photo of a mddle aged man in a european city . fatima lean in for a closer | ook . fati | ma this you family ? khalid that 's 's brother wth ny randmother . and that 's my father . *s in Germany . fati ma do you ever see hin ? khali D he call once in a while , send money for school . fatima point to a old photo of a woman , 25 . fati ma be that you mother ? Khalid nod . fati ma she be beautiful . she continue to | ook over the picture . fati ma you and you brother have the sane eye . do he still have the beard ? Khalid stand , move toward the door . khali D be you hungry ? vé should eat . fati ma be be he ? 28 . khali D Jordan . fati ma do he ever cone to visit ? khali D no , not any nore . | nt. hove office , anvar and | sabella S house - N ght isabella type on the computer . intent . her wallet be open , she credit card sit out . jereny walk in wear he paj ama , half asl eep . | sabella wat be you do up ? jeremy there 's something under ny bed . | sabella ( zero patience ) — honey , there be nothing under you bed . G to you roomand go to sl eep . jervey mommy ... | sabella I ( soften ) | | . msorry , baby , go sleep in ny bed . i’ ii be do ina Bet . a beat . jereny turn and exit . 1e°pri ta return to the computer . the printer click , start ext . national security agency , WASHINGTON - day establish of this three building compl ex . title card : '' national security agency , WASHINGTON DC 's int . corri ne 's S office , national securi ty agency - day Lee mayer sit across fromcorrine and she assistant , todd , 35 . they be go over docurent . 29 . lee it be a attempt on abasi Zawahi rie . dixon be in the wo place at the wo tine . corr ! ne wo give a shit . they get one of we . it 's a victory for they todd the El - hazi m bri gade . a hezbol | ah splinter cell . corrine pick up a picture of rashid . on photo - he 's about 40 , bearded . lee rashid silim . todd a lawyer , go underground after six year in a jordanian prison . corr ! ne the jordani and shoul do have execut ed the son-of - a- bitch when they have the chance . a awkward silence . corrine 's oblivious , read she note . corr ! ne wthout dixon , who do we have ? Todd hand corrine Douglas 's file . lee dougl as Freeman . she look it over . todd : : mlitary famly . School ed in Saudi Arabia . Degree in busi ness . administration , Princeton . juni or exec in the oi ! business before 9/11 . then he join we . speak Arabic , farsi . five year as a analyst in mddle - east affair . bahrain , Syria , Cairo for the last two year . corr ! ne can he do this ? 30 . lee he 's || do what with tell himto do . corrine nod , not convinced . corr ! ne the egypti a ? todd det be nee 7786 . lee | pol ygraphed he he 's clean . corr ! ne a pol ygraph be worthless . lee ( smile ) vé al way say that when they pass . corr ! ne you find something funny ? vw | ost someone today . lee | run himby interpol , mosad , the egyptian , nobody 's interested . corrine |’ minterested . put himon a plane . int . | sabella and anwar S bedroom - day isabella pack she suitcase . it 's green and white , a smaller version of Anwar 's suitcase . jereny wear a Brazil ! soccer shirt and play wth he toy car on the floor . jeremy wy can not | come wth you ? jereny stand and run around the room pretend he toy car be now a airplane . he move next to the desk , disturbing a pile of papers , fax and police report . | sabella jereny , stay away fromthe desk . you can play over here . isabella watch he for the norent pull from she mee anchol y . jeremy be you gonna see daddy ? 31 . | sabella yes , sweetie . nuru stand at the door . nuru jereny , you food be on the table . jeremy | want to wait for mommy . nuru give hima look . jereny nove toward the door . | sabella i’ 11 be right dow . jereny exit the room isabella sit , hold she stomach . nuru pick jereny 's toy off the floor . nuru | you shoul d not lie to the boy . the world have enough |i es . | sabella he 's seven year old , nuru , what be | suppose to say ? they relationship be a testy one . nuru you tell himthe truth . isabella stand and resume packi no . nuru . ; you shoul d not be travel in you condi it on . | sabella | know soneone in vashi ngton . a old friend . | do not knowif he can help , but | have to try . nuru you do not have to worry . Allah wll protect he | sabella | know he wll , nuru , but | still need to go . int . sedan , cai ro - day in traffic . Douglas 's driver pull a pack of cigarettes and offer one to Douglas . he take it and light up . 32 . ext . new century coffeeshop , cai ro - conti nuqus dougl as 's car pull up to the curb . Douglas exit . | nt. new century coffeeshop , cai ro - conti nuqus gowd and snoke file ! ed. dougl as enter and cross the roomto a back room int . back room - ooffeeshop - conti nuqus fayet nubarek , 50 , neat , sit in a corner booth sip tea . dougl as approach and take a seat . he 's still on edge . fayet _ ; I ?m sorry about dixon . do you see anyt hi no 's Doug ! as shake he head as he pour himself a cup of tea . douglas : do you guy have anything yet ? , fayet no , it 's too soon . douglas could | get . you most recent work - up on the El - hazi n ? fayet sure . douglas and | need a call log on this cell . dougl as hand fayet a smal ! piece of paper . fayet , you people can not check this ? . douglas it be one of we people . __ fayet ( hesi t at es ) be this business or personal ? dougl as shift awkwardly , remain silent . fayet slip the nunber into he pocket . fayet you have a new det be nee on the way . a canadi a chemical engi neer . douglas | have not read he file . fayet wo 's 's obser vi no ? douglas | be fayet you 's be a analyst , Douglas . dougl as downs the tea , wpes he mouth . douglas , call I when you have sonet hi no . dougl as stand and exit . ext . cai ro UN versi ty - day ( desaturate ) est abl i shi no . title card : '' CA ! ro UN versi ty . '' int . cairo uni versi ty bui ldi no - day ( desaturate ) fatima walk down a corridor tine wth poster of sheik albain| , 60 , wth along white beard . the capt i on , '' albai NI , wth western aggressi qn , there can be no peace . '' she peek into several door , stand on she toe , peek through wndow . at one door - her Pov - Khalid , ovar , 20 , and a few beard student be be gui no around a conference table . Khalid be the only one hout a beard . fatima try the door , it 's lock . Khalid and other see she face at the wndow . in the hallway Khalid open the door , step out . khali D wat be you do here ? 34 . fati ma vé be neet for | unch . khali D how do you know | be here ? fati ma you be not difficult to find . khali D ( half j oki no ) you have spy . fatima wat be you argue about ? khali D not hi no . Khalid walk off . fatima follow . fati ma it do not look like , '' nothing . '' khali D ( turn to she ) they want I to grow ny beard back , ike they but |’? mnot like that anynore . | want to be wth you . do that answer you questi on ? _ fatima ( smile ) kay . fatima take he hand . fati ma. come on . w’ be gonna be | eat for cl ass . Khalid slide he hand free . khali D | have sort hing to do . ext . cai ro UN versi ty build - conti nuous ( desaturate ) Khalid approach the bike rack . fatima follow . fati ma wat 's the big secret ? you can not keep miss class , Khalid . W have exam come up . 35 . Khalid unlock he bike . khali D you take great note . fati ma that 's not funny . be be you goi no ? khali D ( terse ) meet I at the quad at 7 . Khalid get on he bike fati ma khal i d ? and ride away . ext . the capi tol build - day est abl i shi no . int . alan S office , senator hawkin S office - day the receptionist , samantha , 45 , sit at she desk . alan smth , 35 , and he assistant , randy GREEN , 30 , enter . randy .- he 's say the bill 's gonna stall in committee if we do not go public . alan ( to samant ha ) Mr no no . samantha gesture to the reception seating . Alan turn . isabella stand , smile . alan qh ny God , izzie , you be here ? they nove towards one another and hug warmly . | sabella thank you for see not . alan look at you . you do not tell I you be pregnant . 36 . | sabella Seven and a half nonth . alan that 's 's incredible . everyone , isabella field , a old college friend . isabella shake Randy 's hand , nod to samantha . alan Cone on , get off you foot . you look like you 's be about to pop . Alan lead isabella into he office . alan ( to samant ha ) hold ny call . int . alan S office - conti nuqus isabella and Alan sit across fromone another . alan / so , you marry Anwar . wat do you father say to that ? | sabella you can imagine . he pass away a few year ago . alan i’ msorry . | sabella do you have a chance to ... alan .l do . m guy at INS get back to I and assure I that you husband have not enter the United States . Alan take a piece of paper off he desk . | sabella | know he | and at JFK , Alan . alan izzie , they be very strict at the border . everyone that cone in have to go through immigration . and if there 's no record of he .. samant ha knock on the door and enter . 37 . samantha sorry , but |’ have get Congressman lews , line 2 , say it 's urgent . alan ( check he watch ) tell himto hold . samantha exit . alan . vw have a inportant piece of vegi sati on cone up for a vote . a medicaid bill the senator and | have be work on for a while . isabella nod and smile . she could not be less interested . ; alan izzie , |’ mnot sure what else | can do . as far as they 's be concerned , he do not land here . they do not see it as a american problem have you talk to the brazilian aut hori tie ? isabella place a credit card statement on Alan 's desk and slide it towards he | sabella | get this off the internet . hs credit card statement . he spend 258 dollar on Sky mall during he flight to New York . he be on the plane , Alan . SOUND of jet eng nes as ve CUT to ext . runway , mli tary Al rport , cai ro - day a private jet | and . a egyptian police sedan wait on the runway . the car door open , vahe and pono exit as the plane taxi to a stop twenty yard in front of they the plane door swing open , stair descend . vahe and porno approach the plane as tvo aneri_can agent escort a cuff ed_and hooded anwar dom t he stair . they gui de himto vahe and rono woo place they hand on himand |ead himto they car . close on anwar 38 . anvar ( muf for | ed ) ; be be you take I ? vahe ( in Arabic ) do not speak . they push Anwar into they car and sl amthe door . int . alan S office - day the door open . samantha step in . samantha / |’ have get Jim alderman on the line . Alan pick up the phone . isabella watch , nervousl y. ji for ahh h d tod | im funny thing happene oday . find out you havent be compl etel y honest wth not . int . jim alderman S office - day aldervan , 50 , sit at he desk in a INS office . alderman wat be you talk about ? o course | have . | ntercut between alan and JI m aldervan . alan ; i’ msit on convincing evi dence that M. Anwar ef - Ibrahim ! tand in New York on the seventh . aldervan Alan , | aml ook at the database . there be no Anwar El - Ibrahim if he get off that plane , he either avoi ded immigration or someone else get to he alan like who for inst ance ? alderman use you imagination . gotta run . Alan hang up . 39 . | sabella wat do he say ? alan / Anwar get to JFK but do not go through i nm gration . | sabella how be that possi bl e ? alan ( on the intercon ) . samantha , see if | can get a minute wth Marsha adan . ext . detention CENTER , cell , cai ro - day the hood be yank off Anwar 's head . he squint into focus . the blurred | mage of romo back out of the 7x7 foot cell and shutting the door . Anwar be naked , alone . the grey stone roomis wndow ess but for a small openi no near the ceiling . there be no furniture , sink or toilet . just a small hole in one corner and a Koran and praying mat in the other . a claustrophobic no ght mare . Anwar hyper venti | at es . ext . cai ro market - day ( desaturate ) a narrow alley line wth colorful kiosk and tea house . Khalid ride through on he bike . he make a turn . bounce down a stai rway | nto another alley even narrower . squalid . Khalid toss he bike down beside a row of other bike and descend along flight of stair that lead to a doorway . he knock . the door crack open . a young man wt sling over he shoulder step aside . Khalid slip harifle 's inside . int . hallway qutsi do the speaker S office , capital - day aide move in and out of the office . the door be mark '' speaker of the house '' 40 . int . reception , speaker S offi ce - conti nuqus isabella wait . | not . marsha adam S offi ce - conti nuqus Si mpe e and professional , wth a view . marsha sit at she desk . she 's 50 , assertive , right where she want to be . Alan sit across fromher . marsha / seen |i ke a | aw enforcerent issue . have you talk to the FBI ? alan they have not hear of he CA ? marsha as we both know they be not all owed to operate wthin we border . alan wat a wonderful rule . marsha |’ msorry | can not be of nore help . alan ; if a agency be charge wth secure someone wthout | eavi no any trace , who would you put you money on . marsha | woul d not want to specul eat . alan Bet ween we . __ marsha ( hesi t at es ) corrine wi t rman , int . extrem ST safe house - day ( desaturate ) a one-roomflat . there be twenty people , all man , seat . the roomis strangely quiet . two gunren cradling AK - 47 stand aside a enpty arnvhair at the top of the room Khalid be seat next to qrar . 41 . _ khalid ( whi sper ) | be he really go to cone ? qvar yes . int . abasi 's S office - day abasi be at he desk wth a glass of bourbon . Douglas sit across fromhim abasi ; |’ mvery sorry about dixon . they be after not . abasi sip he drink . Doug ! as pull 's a piece of paper fromhis pocket and place it on the desk : douglas gur list of questi on . dougl as slide it toward abasi . abasi ( slight sarcasm @ course . rorno rush in and turn on the tv . . rovo ( in Arabic ) Al jazieraisr the attack . qn tv : a young australi a grl , _19 , stand ssmle in fram . phe say something , inaudible . the sadat statue be behi no er gunshot ! the girl react , |ook over she shoulder . the camera shake . another gunshot ! pandenoni um shaky camera . flicker image of the plaza . scream , horn , nore hot . a explosi on . unni no for oot age of 42 . al jazi era spokesperson '' Egypt ian authority have confirm thirty - six casualty . most of the victin ... abasi ( in Arabic ) wy the fuck do not we get that . get Ahmed on the phone . tell he ! want a copy of the entire tape i nmedi ately . pono exit . douglas I would like a copy as well . in arabic wth encli sh subti tles abasi ( sur pri sed ) you 's be fluent ? douglas yes . abasi be you stay to observe ? douglas absol ut el y. abasi ; you be not to speak , no question , no suggestion , no interference . be that under st ood ? abasi move toward the door . dougl as fol ! ow . douglas hopef ull y we can get some answer out of this guy . abasi i’ msure of it . | nt. corri ne vhi tman S NSA office - day a phone ring . Todd , she assistant , answer . todd corrine witrman 's office . 43. int . alan S office - day Alan and isabella sit at he desk . alan it 's Alan snith from Senator hawkins 's office . | need to speak to she urgently . | ntercut between alan and todd . todd |’ m Todd hanilton , Ms. witman 's executive assistant . can | ask what this be in regards to ? alan Anwar El -! brahim T pl ease hol die Alan put the phone on speaker . muzak . they wait . alan . call , '' extraordinary ition . '' it begin under the on adnini stration and take on le newlife under Bush after the US governnent have rize the seizure and transfer of foreign terrorismsuspects to they country of origin . | sabella be they 's be torture ? alan det ain and interrogate nore freely , often wthout | egal protection . | sabella ( abr upt | tort ure , a . do not sugar , coat it for I . do | need a | awer ? alan do Anwar ever apply for american citi zenshi p ? isabella shake she head '' no | sabella be that important ? 44 . alan ; if we go public . the president and he people be go to come out sw nging . be there anyt hing you want to tell I ? | sabella Li ke what ? alan Li ke anyt hi no . the FBI check he out , promse be they be not go to find sonethi no . | sabella no , Alan . todd ( speaker phone ) Ms. itman be unavailable . pl ease submt you inquiry in wite . thank you . 4 Todd hang up . Alan be silent . | sabella wat do that mean ? alan | think they have he int . extrem ST safe house - day ( desaturate ) shei k albai NI , be hel ped into he chair by hamad , 40 , bearded . Al bai not I ook like he poster we 's have see before . he straighten he glass and turn to he note . in arabi C wth english subti tles _.. sheik albain ) for jihadist , the war against the Zionist and it 's western_whoores be fundanent ally religious . the war against the wst represent the deci si have battle between faith and infidelity , good and evil . Khalid and orar listen attentively . sheik alban the kilt ing of infidel be a religious dut y require by Allah . if you meet that who reject , then strike the neck . 45 . int . hallway , mukhabarat detention CENTER - day rono and another guard approach and pause at a cell door . the guard open the cell . Anwar sit in the corner , terrify . roro throw clothes at Anwar . sheik albai NI ( v.q , subtitled ) this divine demand wll not change wth the passage of time or wth the change of policy or adni nistration in the véstern world . the purpose of jihad in isl amis to secure conpl ete freedom for every man throughout the world , so that he may serve Allah and enj oy the justice of |slam western value be the | ure of the Devil . Anwar be move down the hal ! way cuffed and shackle . they descend a flight of metal stair . they pass a security offi ce . two rds be watch tv . sheik albain ( v.q , subtitled ) true freedomfor we be the absolute subm ssion to Allah 's | aw . what ever del ay the imposition of sharia exacerbate human suffer , and thus be evil . a wde hallway . sterile grey wall , florescent light . Guards at a door . Anwar , prono and the guard round the corner . Anwar pause . rono and the guard pull himtoward the guard door . oo . sheik albain ( v.q , subti tled ) this be why we have no option but to west authority fromall wick governnent s. they reach the door . Anwar be in tear border on panic . int . extrem ST safe house - day ( desaturate ) Khalid 's 's concentration be hypnotically focus on the Sheik . shei k albain ! ( v.q , subtitled ) there can be no conpronise wth the force of Satan . the mixing and coexistence of the truth and fal sehood be impossible . qrar watch Khalid appreci ati vel y . hamadi watch they both . 46 . ext . | nterrogati on room 17 - day abasi and Douglas approach the guard door . SOUND of the soft thud of soveone bei no beaten | nsi do . dougl as shift , uneasy . abasi gesture to the guard . he open the door . int . | nterrogati on room 17 - conti nuous the roomis spartan , a table , two chair , and a sink . abasi and dougl as enter . vahe step away fromanwar . Fe put he coat on , straighten he shirt and tie . Anwar be cuffed and shackle to the chair . Anwar 's face be now bruise and bl oodi ed froma fresh beat . he 's weep . dougl as approach Anwar . abasi take Douglas 's arm and gui des himtoward the corner . abasi sit across Anwar and set he papers dow . he |ook at Anwar , astoni shed . abasi mw God , what have happen to you ? anvar | have be beat and ki ck for no reason . abasi turn to vahe . abas | ( in arabi wo 's responsi ble for this ? vahe 's silent . abasi pull a handkerchief and gently with pes Anwar 's 's face . abasi | apologize . | wll find out who be responsi ble and they wll be puni shed . dougl as drop back into a dark corner . anvar be be !? | want to see a represent ative of the canadi a gover nrent . abasi / actually , the Canadian turn you over to we . 47 . anvar that 's 's not possi bl e. abasi ( al most anuse ) . qh yes . | have a few question . if you answer honest | y. we can get this clear quickly . anwar ( to dougl as ) be you ameri can ? dougl as remain in the shadow . anvar * mar canadian citi zen . abasi snap he finger in Anwar 's face . Anwar turn back . abasi . you 's be egyptian . subject to we aus . anvar be bear in Egypt . | leave when | be 18 . _ abasi . you English be beautiful . what. anguage do you speak wth rashi d ? Anwar do not respond . abasi t do not matter . ( in Arabic ) think you know who |’ mtal king about . shall we stop the gane ? anvar ( si ncer e ) no , | do not . abasi_ smile . abasi you 's be empl oyed by the ... _ anwar - . organni corporati on . abasi wat do you do for then ? 48 . anvar |’ man engi neer . abasi wat kind of engi neer ? ; anvar cheni cal . abasi you 's be a chemi st ? R a a chenical engi neer . abasi _ be that why rashid care to you ? for you explosive expertise . anvar | do not know rashi d . abasi pull out a picture and slide it to Anwar . on photo - a twel have - year - old wedding photo of Anwar and isabella stand next to four egyptian ren . abasi point to one of the young nen . abasi rashi die anvar no , that 's ny cousin , umay . abasi uway ? well that make all the difference in the world . you do not realize you be aid a terrorist . anvar wat ? abasi tell I about the information you pass to unay . anvar | have not talk to himin year . abasi lose all expression in he face . he slide the NSA cell phone intercept towards Anwar . 49 . abasi _ how do you explain the recent call rashid , uway , make to you ? anvar | do not know what you be talk about . | have not talk to or see uway since ny weddi no . abasi so this intercept be lie ? anvar yes , | mean , | do not know . | get call fromrelative all the tine ask for thing . wit , um .. Anwar try to read the date of the call . _ anvar m cousin , hadi El - mrbi , he call inquire about he grandson att end New York uni versity . abasi wite the nare dow . . anvar he 's sixty - five year old . __ abasi the criminal , rashid , have be on a bonbi no canpai gn for two year . hs expl osi ves suddenly nore powerful , more deadly . you have access to the material , the knowhow . this terrorist have make many call to you recently . wat be we to think ? Anwar be silent . / abasi wat if | be to tell you that we have a sign confessi on from one of rashid 's lieutenant that you have be be ding t hen ? anwar then |’ d say you be lie . in a blur , abasi hit Anwar so hard that his_chair tip over . vahe and romo. descend on Anwar like wolf . they kick and beat himmercilessly . dougl as’ horrify expression reflect the brutality of Anwar 's 's beat . 50 . the ugly SOUND of a bone breaking anwar wil for mercy . dougl as drop back further into shadow . int . toolet , detention CENTER - later dougl as enter and move up to the sink , throw up . Anwar 's cry echoing in he head . he throw cold water on he face . abasi step in , move up to a adjacent sink . he wash bl ood fromhis hand . blood swrl in the sink and drain . dougl as straighten , regains he composure . abasi not exactly Kansas , hun ? douglas ( restrain ) | beating a man half to death be no way to gain he cooperation . abasi : | do not want he cooperation , | want answer , to you questi on . douglas wiat answer do you get froma dead man ? abasi dry he hand , annoyed . abasi wy be you here ? you know what we have to do , yet you flinch . ( beat , head for the door ) Cone wth not . int . hallway , nmukhabarat detention CENTER - conti nuoqus abasi stride dow a narrow passageway bet ween cell . dozen of they dank and dark . Douglas follow , reluctantly . inside a cell black a door open . abasi and Douglas stand in the doorway . reverse abasi flip a light swtch . 51 . sudden bri ght li ght i! um nat es a detainee , 30 , naked , bleed and horribly bruise , la ay | no in the fetal posi tion in a corner . he flinch at the light dougl as cover he nose , the smell be disgusting . abasi 72 hour ago this man swore on the life of he child that he know nothing about the El gouna resort attack last month . yesterday , he give up the ringl eader . abasi gesture to the guard . he close the cell door . int . evi dence room - conti nuqus abasi and Douglas enter . dozen of weapon , | eds , grenade , and suicide vest be carefully | aid out . abasi ( pick up a vest ) they be catch construct this sui cide vest . the trigger dangle fromthe vest . abasi hold it . abasi they close the fool 's hand around this pressure release trigger . they let go , it detonate . they change they mind ? they get shot , det onati on . no way out . abasi pick up a paper bag and empty sore of its content on the table : nai glass , ball bearing , piece of retal . abasi for maxi mum carnage . ( hol ds a piece of metal ) this be wnat kill dixon . and 36 other innocent peopl e . abasi inch closer to Douglas , drip wth contempt . abasi you think you can get you answer wth small talk a no ceti es ? then take he rght now I 's Il have he rel ease into you ‘ust ody , Douglas be silent . at that moment , abasi understand dougl as 's confliction completely , and resent himfor it . 92 . abasi i’ will take that as a , no . abasi walk off . Douglas stand alone . int . HOTEL lobby , WASHINGTON DC - ni cht Alan and isabella enter . alan , it would be nice to know what they reason be . they do not just pick he up cause he be egyptian . ybe a friend or associate that have sone contact wth a extremist group ? the mosque he att end ? Alan | ook to isabella for a answer . he get none . alan |’ m go to a pharmaceutical fund - raiser tonight . there 's a good chance corrine witman wll be there . ; ( turn to isabel | a ) izzie , m gonna do do . ever hi no can to hel p you . do you hear oe she seem in sone di sconfort . alan wat be it ? | sabella the baby 's kick I pretty good . let I sit down for a second . Alan help she to a sofa . she take a few deep breath , cal ns . alan can | feel it ? | sabella sure . Alan sit next to isabella and gently put he hand on she stomach . he feel the novenent . alan that 's 's amazing . they exchange a snile . 53. | sabella | shoul do have st aye in touch . alan yeah , maybe . | sabella : wat ever happen to eli zabet h? alan you remember she ? | sabella she be cute , nice snile . alan | have not think about she in ear . she move to San Francisco , ost contact . | sabella you never get marry . alan qily to the j ob . isabella watch Alan . he feel . a tinge of disconfort under she gaze . he glance at he watch . alan | | should get go . you want be to help you up to you room _ | sabella ; , no , |’mfine . |’ mjust go to sit here for a few minute . Alan lean over and kiss she on the cheek . alan get sore rest . __ | sabella ; call I if you find out anything ? alan q@ course . int . abas | and sem a' S hove , cairo - ni cht abasi enter , hesitates . a moment . he slowy take off he coat . , sem a ( qs. ) abasi . 54 . int . live room - conti nuoqus semia sit wth layla . she 's be cry . they stand as abasi enter . he light up upon see layla . in arabi C wth english subti tles abasi ls fatima here ? layla no . abasi try to conceal he di sappoi not rent . sem a there 's a problem aba . layla | do not know be fatima be . abas | | she be stay wth you . layla | go away for a fewday . she 's go . |’ have | ook ever ywmere . abasi you leave she al one ? layla she 's 20 . she give I she word she 's d be hore by ei ght . abasi / Wen be the last time you see she ? layla Three day ago . abasi pull out he cell and start a call . layla , she 's be seei no a boy . she say he be a school friend . just a friend . abasi wat 's he nane ? layla | do not knowif she 's wth he 55 . abasi wat 's he nane ? layla Khalid , | think . | do not know he family nane . abasi wite the name down . : layla abasi , |’ msorry . | nt. douglas ' house , cai ro - N ght the house be dark . Douglas arrive . he turn on a light . there 's 's a woran 's coat on the floor . Douglas pick it up and smell it . he look toward the stair . stai rcase dougl as approach . there 's a skirt | aying on the stair . int . douglas 's bedroom - conti nuqus dougl as move to the door and push it open . safiya lie in bed in a sheer negligé . she see Douglas . she get out of bed , walk up to himand enbrace himwarmy . douglas wat ? wat be it ? safiya kiss he neck , cheek , lip . they move sl owy towards the bed . wth each step he lose a jacket , shirt , pants . they fall into bed , full of passion . Douglas | ay on top of she , kissing she , grind he body into she . e@ wrap she arm and leg around he he funbl es wth he short , get themdow , and try to insert himself . he bury he face into the nape of she neck , grunt . he fail , lay notionless . the passion have evaporate . safiya gently push he off she . he stare up at the ceiling , somber . safi ya | shoul d not have core ? he take she hand and bring it to he lip . 56 . safi ya be you okay ? Doug ! as do not respond . safi ya tel ! I ? _ douglas it 's a nightmare . safi ya _ wat be you talk about ? douglas the canadi a det be nee ... safi ya ; the one connect to rashid sili mis ? douglas how do you know that ? safiya do not answer . , douglas how do you know that ? safiya look at himsternly . safi ya it 's a poorly keep secret , dougl as . everyone in the office know you have someone wth tie to rashid . sil ence . douglas : there 's no way he 's go to survive this . safi ya . have he tell you anything ? douglas . | do not knowif he know anything . safi ya wat 's he nane ? douglas do not matter . safiya sit up . o7 . safi ya you do not trust I . douglas ls there a reason | shoul dn 's t? they stare at each other for a tense norent . safiya get out of bed and start to dress . douglas be be you goi no ? safi ya |’? m go hore . douglas . come on , safiya . do not go . dougl as get out of bed . safi ya this be a bad idea . safiya gather she coat and purse . he nove towards she . douglas you know that_ information be classified . core here . he move towards she to kiss she . she hesitates , still hurt . safiya soften . they kiss . ext . khalid S hove - ni gh ( desaturate ) fatima wait on Khalid 's stair . Khalid ride up on he bike . he lock it up in the garage and move toward the stair . khali D ( startle ) | wat be you do here ? fati ma be be you ? you be suppose to meet not hour ago . khali D | have something | have to do . fati ma why do not you answer you cel | phone ? 58 . khali D | be busy . fati ma see another girl ? khali D no , do not be stupid . fatima do not believe he she push by himto leave . he grab she arm fati ma then where be you ? khali D | be wth orer . fati ma wer e? khali D the qd cty . fati ma | do not believe you . fatima move to leave . Khalid do not let she go . fati ma let go of not . khali D vé go to hear Sheik Al bai no . F ma wy , Khalid ? you say you be do wth that . khali D | be | just want to hear he speak , that 's all . ; fati ma wy do not you tell I ? , khali D | do not want to make you angry . fatima soften . _ fatima | do not like it when you hold thing fromne . 59 . khali D i’ msorry . he kiss she forehead . fati ma | should go . khali D stay here . fati ma no khal i die khali D in separate bedroon . it 's too late for you to ride hone . he take she hand and lead she inside . the door close . darkness . int . | nterrogati on room - day Black . flicker of light . blurry . vavy . close on anwr S face - he open . he eye . he 's underwater . bubbl es fall out of he mouth , he eye becore frantic . he 's pull out of the water by vahe . abasi and fono stand next to they Anwar 's unshaven , bruise and bl oody . hs hand be tie tight behind he back . he gasp for air before be shove back into the water . dougl as watch , stoic . ( ies ! dougl as ) casua , to ugl as it take a wile to drow a man . abasi check he watch , nod to vahe . vahe bring Anwar up and sit himin the chair . Anwar cough wat er / bl ood and cri es . anvar please , please , no nore . abasi you think | like do this ? I would much rather be at home wth ny | child . you force I . you cousin kill dozen of innocent people in a attempt on ny life . | have to protect myself and ny people . 60 . anvar | want to see ny baby . please , | do not know anyt hi no . abasi lean into he tooth clench . abasi he call you as recently as a week ago and you insult ny intelligence by say you know not hi no ? vahe / a name , any associ eat of rashid 's . ; abas ! _ techni cal expertise you pass on to hin ? . roqvo ( in Arabic ) answer he Anwar , pl ease . abasi shoot pono a |ook . pono step back , tentative . abasi ( back to Anwar ) stop the charade , we all know you be not innocent . Anwar |ook up to dougl as drip water and bl ood . anvar and you be ? that hit hore , you can see it on Douglas 's face . vahe hit Anwar then shove himback into the water . douglas | want to talk to he abasi |ook at Douglas , amused by the request . Douglas be dead seri ous . douglas Al one . abasi and vahe exchange a | ook . abasi gesture wth a tip of he head . vahe bri ngs . Anwar out of the water and practically thry ow himinto a chair . Anwar gasp for air . vahe handcuffs im .. douglas no , leave he 61 . vahe |ook to abasi for guidance . abasi give the okay . abasi , romo , and vahe exit . Anwar |ook around confuse . he turn to dougl as . anwar please , you have to help I . ~ they 's be go to_kill I . W wfe 's american . she 's 7 month pregnant . douglas | want to see you get hone to you wfe . whatever information you have on rashid and he organi zati on , give it up . if you cooperate , | can get you out of here . anvar ( br eaki no dow ) do family know |’ m here ? can you call my wfe , tell she I be alive ... douglas expl ain the phone call to you cell and !’i! call she right away . anwar | live in New York gty for six year . do you know that ? that 's where | meet ny wfe . be you marry ? chil dren ? dougl as nod , '' no . anwar | have a 7 year old son . he | ove I to read to himbefore he go to sleep . after five minute , he doze off . that 's the most important five mnute of ny day . douglas terrorist love they chil dren , t 00 . anwar ( terse ) | . i’ mnot a terrorist ! you think | woul d put ny fami | y in j eopardy for anything or anyone 's _ douglas I 'mtry to help you , anwer . 62 . anvar ( 1 ouder } . ; | have something . soret hing of val ue . what do you have ? huh ? wat do you have ? Doug ! as be silent . anvar not hing ! you have not hi no ! you be nothing ! but atorturer ! a torturer ! nt. hallway , dententi on CENTER - conti nuoqus dougl as back out of the interrogation room anwar ( 0 S . ) tort urer ! romo shut the door . abasi stand wth a know no | ook . dougl as walk away . ext . mukhabarat detention CENTER - day dougl as 's car and driver be wait . pous ! as exit the building . he move toward the car , pause . he took around as if to re-orient himself to he surroundings . he continue to he car and get in . not . sedan , cai ro STREET - day Doug ! as and he driver . they be catch in traffic . the driver offer hima cigarette . Douglas take one . a knocki no on douglas 's SI do wndow dougl as j ump , fearful . t 's just a kid look to sell fruit . Douglas wave he off . dougl as 's cell phone ring . he answer . douglas dougl as Freeman . ntercut between douglas and corri ne vhi tman . 63. corrine be dress for a formal affair in she bedroom corr ! ne corrine witran . Lee mayer speak very highly of you . douglas thank you . Ho h vr th ware thing progress with 7786 ? p douglas he 's not cooper ati no . corr ! ne that 's why he 's there . dquglas | do not think he have any rel evant i nf or mati on . ( pause ) . : but we could still use he he 's perfectly . position to slip into shid 's inner circle . he 's a relative , weapon expertise , a young family we could play off . corr ! ne vw need information now , M. Freeman , not in two year . douglas . | understand that . but if we continue on we present course , we will get nothing . corr ! ne ls this opi nion share by the egypti and ? dougl as do not answer right away . douglas no . corri ne how many interrogation have you observe over you career . ; douglas this be ny first torture . corr ! ne | beg you pardon ? 64 . _ douglas he 's 's be abuse , mar ’am and the only thing we be gonna end up wth be a dead body click , DI al tone dougl as | ook at he phone . shut it . that be a fuck up . int . mukhabarat detention CENTER , cai ro - ni ght Anwar squat in the corner . he | ook toward the koran sit atop the praying mat . the slit in the door squeak open . a pita bread drop in . Anwar |ook at it for what seem like along tine . craw to the door , pick it up and devour it . eye appear in the slot . Anwar stunbles back and cower in the corner . the door open . pono step in . rovo ( in break engl i sh ) i’ mnot go to hurt you . | just want to talk . Anwar |ook at rono warily as he continue eat . rovo ; |’msorry for the thing | do to you . | have no choice , it 's ny job . anvar that suppose to make not feel bet t er ? roro kneel dom , try to smile . rovo |’ have be to America . Florida , Tampa , ny aunt life there . anvar good for you . : rovo , | believe you . | believe you be tell the truth . but there be nothing | can do . they think you be lie . anvar ; you can contact ny wwfe . she life in toronto , Canada . |’! i! give you the number and you '!! call her. 65 . a noise in the hall way freeze they both . it remind pono of he perilous situation . he stand . roqvo . there be nothing you wfe can do . you bel ong to asi now . there be man in this cell that have be here for five , six year . anvar you 's have get to help I . please , | wll pay you . rovo . wth what ? you have not hi no . Anwar stand . anvar | have money . lot of money . please , do not go . Anwar grab rponv 's sl eeve . pono | ook down at Anwar 's hand . Anwar tet himgo . rono exit . ext . | ntersecti on , WASHINGTON DC - ni ght a bl ack suv pull up to the red light . int . senator hawki N S black suv , WASHINGTON STREET - ni ght senat or hawkins and Alan be dress in evening suit and tie . Alan read fromhis note . alan , ppey create a ga front base in richnond . the company have | ease two jet fromthe emant company for the last eighteen month . |- haven 's t be able to pet _the flight log of the jet but wll . hawk ! ns _ have you check hi m out ? alan a preliminary check show no criminal record , FBI , interpol cl ear hi C more ) 66 . alan ( cont would he be clear the last twelve time he enter the state . Randy 's do a nore extensi have search . havk ! ns could he be dirty ? alan do it make a difference ? they just throw himon a plane and fl ew imout of the country . no | egal process , outside review or fanily noti fi cation . ( lean into the Senator ) Wen this break public , you want to be on the right side of it . ext . senator cumv ngs hove , georgetow - N cht the house take up a good portion of the block . hawkins 's suv pull into the driveway . | nt. senator cumv ngs hove - conti nuous a money and inf ! uence power - party in full swing . hawkins and Alan nove through the crow . several guest approach and greet the senator . _ alan | ( whi sper to hawkins ) derek hansen , exxon | obbyi st . hawkins nod to M. hansen . a woman in she 40s approach . alan Sharon Lopez , senior advisor for h spanic Business omer associ ati on . havk ! ns ( to Sharon ) Ms. Lopez , nice to see you . sharon Senator . wien be we gonna have we sit down ? |’ have leave message . another angle - later senat or hawkins and Alan listen to two nilita debate they world view . both nen be int 67 . contractor # 1 wiat 's a few F - 16 . the technol ogy be two decade old . contractor # 2 , that 's not the point . they finance the Taliban , shield Al - queda and be know proliferator of we . contractor # 1 ; wat do that have to do wth the rice of tea in China , Harry . | speak no of China , do not you j ust sign a deal to provide software to chi nese aerospace . hawk ! ns would you excuse not . the senator walk off . Alan turn to the contractor , smile . another angle - Alan listen to a eager first term congressman . congressman qher than the '' nuke ' emall '' letter | receive , | get sore heartfelt note from mother and grand not hers ask I a very simple question , '' why be we boy still over there . '' | tell you , | be hard press for a answer . corrine and lar enter and be greet by the host , a elderly couple dress to the nine . Alan watch they alan ; Excuse I congressman , | just see someone | need to speak to . corrine and lar greet the other guest 's as they move towards the bar . Alan cut she off and hold out he hand . alan corrine witrman , hi , Alan snith , senat or hawkin 's office . they shake . corr ! ne M. Smith , m husband , lar . Alan and lar shake hand . corr ! ne how 's the senator ? 68 . alan | | flush , twenty - five point up and not a contender in sight . corr ! ne mist be a nice view . alan | be wonder if | might have a word wth you ? int . corner of the room - conti nuqus corrine turn to Alan wth a snile . alan | 's minquire about a constituent 's m ssi no husband . Anwar El -|braham al do that name sound familiar ? corr ! ne no , |’ mafraid it do not . alan that 's really odd because everyone keep tell I that you have he q@ at least you have he before you render himto Egypt . corrine smile like a cat wth feather on she whisker . corr ! ne perhaps you should speak to the egyptian . alan , do you really want to see this on the evening news . dedi cate family man , pregnant wfe , nyu graduate , det ain , render , no charge , no lawyer , squirrele away to God - know - where . gestapo tactic . Americans tend not to like that . corr ! ne have you hear of rashid sili mis ? the man responsi ble for the bonbi no in Cairo last week . killing a enbassy di pl omet ... alan a veteran CIA agent . 69 . corr ! ne ( shoot back ) . . a american . vw 's have establish firm tie between rashid and you constituent 's 's husband . you and the senator wanna stretch you neck for a terrorist ? alan no , but we would for the constitution , for due process . corrine sip she wne . _ corri ne say we do inconvenience a few eople . be that worth a few housand american life ? ten t housand ? alan terror against terror . corr ! ne wat be you take issue wth ? a particul be man 's disappearance or a national security policy ? alan i’ Il have a copy of the constitution send over to you office , Ms. witman . M. Ibrahim should be bring back here . if he 's guilty , try he if not , return himto he family . . oorri ne imagine , you and the senator all over the evening news def endi no a terror suspect . it could put all kind of thing that seer safe and sure , suddenly in j eopardy . alan be that a threat ? _ corr ne you think |’ mgonna stand by and let you throw up gorilla dust , conf use the areri can peopl e ? rendition be a val uabl e weapon against terror . qne the presi dent support vigorously . do yourself a favor , stay the fuck out of my way . | have work to do protect this country . 70 . corrine walk off and join the party . int . abasi 's S office - day covputer screen : gai ny tourist video footage of sadat plaza , pre-bonbi no . a young australian G rl , 19 , standsssmile in frame . she say something , inaudible . the sadat statue be behind she . gunshot on tape ! the girl react , |ook over she shoulder . the camera shake . another gunshot ! pandenoni um shaky camera . flicker image of the plaza . scream , horn , nore hot . a explosion . silence . video hit the ground , conti nue filming on its side . vahe tap the conputer . abasi sit next to he the vi deo | mage rew no . |n arabic wth english subti tles vahe Australian tourist . they do not survive . abasi ( off the rroni t of ) ; stop , right there . play it . slowy . covputer screen - the rewnd stop on the snile Australian girl . it play sl ow notion . abasi pl nts to the fuzzy image of a man enter the center plaza behind the girl . abasi that 's he head right for not . covputer screen - the man stop near the statue . vahe he st opped . covputer screen - the girl move to she leave , take the man out of frame . 71 . abasi dam . covputer screen - the girl move , the man be back in frane , still near the statue . SOUND from the footage - horn , a gunshot . abasi and vahe watch the footage intently . abasi point . abasi ther e. covputer screen - pandemonium shaking camera , the i mage freeze on the man he 's on he knee be hold by soreone . abasi and vahe exchange a | ook . vahe a acconpl i ce ? ext . courtyard , egypti a mn stry of the I nteri or - day fifty people , diplomat , foreign guest , drench in flower . two musician play a soft piece on violin . dougl as enter , dishevel . he scan the courtyard . across the courtyard fayet listen to a discussion between senior diplomat from France and msxi co . franco S ; vw 's have be order to increase we security by thirty percent . alejandro ; waat_ do a thirty percent increase in french security mean anyway ? they both snile . _ alejandro you 's be just make yourself nore of a target . Security be a illusion , like power . fayet there be tangible reward to that illusion . it 's not about i nvadi no country , alejandro , it 's the sense of security in know no that you can . 72 . dougl as interrupt awkwardly . fayet be surprised . douglas ( to fayet ) | can | have a word wth you ? fayet Excuse be , gent| eren . Doug ! as and fayet stroll off . fayet wat be you do here ? douglas | need everything you have on Anwar El -l brahim they enter bay door | ead to fayet 's S offi ce . fayet vé have what you have . douglas it 's nothing . fayet be that what you cane here to talk about ? douglas . you request he rendition . fayet / you ask we to request he rendition . we be reliable partner in you war on terror . you want someone question , we do it . douglas rein in abasi until | can get nore ... ' yet .how be ! suppose to do that ? douglas they 's be beat himto death . _ fayet you be just the observer . douglas hat 's 's a coward 's line and you know it. 13. fayet Doug ! as , this be you chance . people be watch you . keep you mouth shut and do you j ob . douglas . t 's not right , fayet . | feel it , n my gut . fayet , ; the guy 's be question , it 's toug , but that 's howthing be lone . douglas ; he do not fit the profile . no. history of extremis partici pati on or radicalization . no unusual travel , email , money transfer . he 's clean but for a fewcall . fayet maybe that 's all he need . fayet pull a envelope out and hand it to Douglas . fayet safiya 's 's phone log . call to a unlist satellite phone . it smell . we be check on it . fayet move toward the garden . _._ fayet core , join the party . Doug ! as have be hit wth a bag of brick . he j ust stand there , silent . ext . courtyard , mn stry of the | nteri or - conti nuous dougl as exit and move toward he car . fran crushner ( 0 . S . ) M. Freeman . M. Freeman . dougl as turn to fran crushner , 60 , approach wth she hand hold out . fran crushner Fran crushner , washi nat on Post . they shake hand . 14 , fran you 's be station at the american embassy , right ? dougla ' have we ret bef ore ? fran |’ m work on a story and |’ m hope you mght be able to help I . wy source be tell I you guy be fly guantanano prisoner here for interrogation . Doug ! as continue toward he car . hs driver start it up . fran paki stan ? afghani st a ? Jordan ? lease charter jet , pick up suspect , fly themin for i not errogati on ? Doug ! as get in . they drive off . int . student meeting hall - day ( desaturate ) the roomis cranme wth over a hundred student , | male / female , prepare for a protest . there 's music , food and a upbeat nood . fatima be hel ping a group of girl make sign , effigy , and banner read , '' aya . '' subtitled : '' enough . '. Khalid be craft a effigy of uncle SAM they | ook over at each other , snile . qmar be take picture wth he camera phone . fati ma khal i d? qvar ( smi ling ) fatima . core , get in the picture . fatima stand next to Khalid . qvar sni | e. both do . qorar snap a picture . the hal ! burst into a spontaneous chant , '' kafaya ! '' the room be become nore boisterous . Khalid become concerned . 19 . there be a conmoti on out si de . everyone move to the window . thei R Pov - the police be enter the campus in masse . student # 1 shut the door ! tvo activist quickly shut and lock the door . there be a thunderous bang no on the door . the student scranbl e . fati ma khal i d ? Khalid take she hand and pull she toward the back . the doorway be pack wth flee student . Khalid and fatinma squeeze through the doorway . a long hall way tead to a back door . Khalid , fatima and several student make a run for the door . it burst open , more police in riot gear . Khalid , fatima and qrar be push towards the police by the stream of student behind they Khalid be hit first . he try to defend himself , it 's no use . two , then three officer descend upon himwth they baton . qrar throw hinself at the officer . the crush of student protect himfromtheir attack . it 's a all out fight . fatima crouch next to Khalid . he 's bleed and in agony . she open the door next to themand pull Khalid through it . qmar slip through the door and shut it . ext . STREET , uni versi ty build - day ( desaturate ) a quiet . street outside the campus grounds . a side door open . qrar , fatima and Khalid exit . fatima and over help Khalid down the street . they disappear around the corner . int . abasi 's S office - day rono drop a file on abasi 's desk . rovo the kid 's name be Khalid el-enin . abasi and vahe sit , wait . 16 . _ provo mostly minor arrest a few year ago , School protest . hs father 's in eer many . mother 's dead . hs brother , fadil , multiple arrest . vwé have himfor a while . qurrent wher eabout 's unknown . the kid |i ves wth he grandnother . they recently move . w're try to find they new address . abasi have you issue a arrest warrant ? rovo no , | want you to ... _ abasi ( raise voi ce ) . lo. . wmnat be you wait for , idiot . find he pick he up ! rono tense . he hate to be speak to like this . he turn sharply and exit . ext . hamadi 's S house , cai ro - day ( desaturate ) a row house on a narrow cobblestone street . qrar | ead Khalid and fatima up to the front door . Khalid be barely consci ous . Omar try the door , it 's lock . he knock . |n arabic wth english subti tles _ hamad ! ( os . ) wo be it ? qvar it 's I , omer . the door open , hamadi , orar 's uncle fromthe sheik albain 's speech , stare at they harshl y. int . hamadi 's S li VI no room - conti nuoqus ( desaturate ) qrar , fatima help Khalid inside . qvar the police storm the student center . two armed man step out of the back room fatima becone al armed . hamadi point to the door . the man nove quickly to the door and wndow . all be secure . vl. hanadi you should have go hone . qvar it 's Khalid . hanadi ( st ern ) | know who he be . Lay he down . ( be : to the sofa over there . hamadi exit the bathroom qrar and fatima help Khalid to a sofa . khali D man . hamadi enter wth a towel and bandage . he exanine Khalid . hanadi you 's be lucky it 's not break . _ ( to fatima G inthe kitchen and make we sone tea . fatima stand and exit to the kitchen . KI tchen fatima find the tea in the cabinet . she search for the ettle . she move to the door . stop as she overhear this whi spere conver sit i on : hamad ! | .- how could you bring she here ? Khalid 's 's about to respond when she see fatima at the door . harmadi and over turn to she . fati ma ( awkwar ) ; | need soret hing to boil water . hamad ! under the sink . fatima hesitates then turn back to the kitchen . ext . WASHINGTON DC - morning sunrise . est abl i shi no . 18. ext . alan sm th S hove - morning Alan roll he bike out and lock the door . a black suv be park directly in front of he house . the rear window roll down , it 's Senator hawkins . Alan be not surprised . he move toward the car . alan senat or . havk ! ns . dump in , I 's Il give you a ride to work . int . hawkin S suv , STREET - morn no Alan and hawkins sit in the back . alan | have a conversation wth corrine wi t man . havk ! ns wat do she say ? alan she have the guy shi ipped off to Egypt and for uck off . havki ns . wat 's 's you next step ? alan | do not know . havki ns . | need to be proactive . alan wat do you mean ? havk ! ns know mal sh. have a personal stake in th ss , but there be nonent when you 's have gotta make the hard choice . you be a young . man . do you really wanna start mar ing lifelong enem es in this town ? alan | know , but ... 19 . hawk ! ns Politics be about trade - off . | | do not need to tell you what ny bill wll mean to 30 million senior around the country . something we’ have both be work on for three year . W do not need any gorilla dust j eopardi zing its chance . Alan recogni zes the '' gorilla dust '' phrase . he wlt , subtly . alan soret hing 's get back to you ? hawkins if we be gonna get into a fight , let 's make it the right fight , at the right time . a water tight case . alan | think this be water tight . | know Anwar . he be a solid guy . a good st udent ... havki ns. |’ msure they say that about mohanre Atta in hanburg . Alan sit quietly , nunb . havki ns . Alan , you push this any harder , they 's be gonna scream '' nati onal security '' at the top of they lung . and we 's be gonna | ook ii ke bi n- Laden - | over . Alan stare out of the with ndow . havk ! ns you can not be sure the guy 's not guilty . you need to back off . int . alan office , the capitol build - day Alan , sweat , enter he office and move to he refrigerator . he take out a bottle of water . Randy follow himread froma blue file . - he be cl ear by custon and the FBI to buy and sel ! hazardous chemical for oqganni . cla talk to himtwo year ago . ( more 80 . _ randy ( cont ! d) he be give a pass . sone phone log come up a few nonth ago . CIA look into it , do not find anyt hi no . apparent ! y rashid routinely give out dozen of cell phone and continuously rotate — hemto extend family menber in order to insulate himself from det ecti on . alan so they get not hi no . randy almost nothing . just that phone call . this could go either way . int . kitchen , douglas 's house - N ght dougl as sit . q the table , a half empty bottle of bourbon and a glass . he 's in a sour nood . footstep safiya enter , cheerful . safi ya sorry |’ mle eat . she see the bottle . safi ya you okay ? she smile , move toward he Douglas hold the phone | og he get from fayet . he 's slightly drunk . safi ya wat 's 's wo ? dougl as hol ds up the phone | og . douglas ; you tell I you be talk to you nother . that be not true . he point to the phone | og . douglas ; it 's a unregister satellite phone . safiya step close and | ook at the phone | og . safi ya you get a record of ny call ? 81. douglas | , . | need you to explain this , safiya . safi ya you 's be a asshole . Doug ! as stand , intense . douglas wo do you call ? safiya turn to leave . he grab she . safi ya let go of be ! douglas , | trust you . and you lie to not . she shake free fromhis hold . safi ya that 's ny mother 's phone nunber ! she life in a small village . no phone service but for one satellite phone . they all share it . | do not now who it 's register to . douglas bul | shit . safiya hold out she phone . safi ya | ( terse ) she stare at he she hit dial on the phone . sqund cf ring no a man ansver . male vo ce hel | 0 ? dougl as be unsure . |n arabic wth english subti tles safi ya hello , who be this ? besh | R : beshir . who be you call for ? 82. a . safi ya this be safiya missan . be ny nother there ? besh R no . be she expect you call ? safi ya it 's okay . I 's Il call back at ny usual time . thank you . safiya close the phone . they conti nue in engli sh . safiya wat do you think ? | be a informant ? a spy ? douglas back pedal in I be gorey . rie di dn safiya walk out . ; douglas safi ya ? she 's already go . int . anwar S cell - ni ght black the SOUND of Anwar whi nperi no . the light in he cell flicker on . Anwar be kneel against the wall naked . the Koran sit untouched in the corner . the door creak open . rono enter and hold a finger to he lip . he toss Anwar pants and a shirt similar to that of the guard 's uniform rovo - put themon , quickly . Anwar do as instruct . rovo , |f we be catch , we will be shot . do you under st and ? Anwar nod he head as he button up the shirt . anvar just get I to the canadi a enbassy . 83. rono peek out of the door . he motion for Anwar to follow he they exit the cell . int . reception , alan S office , WASHINGTON - day samantha sit at she desk . isabella enter . samantha God norni no . samantha go on the intercom samantha Alan , isabella 's here to see you . int . alan S office - conti nuqus alanis at he desk . isabella enter as Randy exit . they nod to each other . Alan smile and point to a seat . anwar S blue file be on he desk between they she sit , anxious . | sabella ; how do it go ? be she there ? do you talk to she ? alan yes , | do . | sabella wat do she say ? alan |’msorry , izzie . they claimto have docurent ation show no cont act between Anwar and a terrorist group in Cairo . | sabella wat ? and you believe then ? alan that 's not the point . |’ mnot the right person to be | ook into this for you . | sabella ( start to cry ) . a , | swear to you , Anwar be not terrorist . be not peopl e innocent till prove guilty anynore ? ( more ) cop n 84 . | sabella ( cont ' d) wat if you passi no through Moscow get pick up by the kgb and send ol off to Iran tor trial . what would you say then ? izzie , thy ak you should go hore and pake care of you baby . ( wite on a pad ) here ... here be the name of two great attorney that really know they way around washi nat on . isabella go nunb , total disill usi onrment . | sabella '' ll ? mgonna do everything | can to pel p p you . '' that 's what you say , Alan can not look she in the eye . he hold out the list . alan I ’msorry , isabella . sabella stare at Alan for a moment , too hurt to speak . she stand and exit wthout take the name . Alan | ean back in he chair , exhaust , ashane . nt. hallway , mjkhabarat detention CENTER , cai ro - ni ght romo and Anwar exit the cell and move quickly dow the hall . not . stai rwell - conti nuous rono and Anwar stop halfway dom the staircase . SOUND of approach footstep descendi no . rono push Anwar into a dark recess door way . two soldier come up the stair , walk by talk . rono teans back push Anwar against the door . it close , make a | oud cli CKI no scund , romo turn sharply to Anwar . the soldier stop on hearing the cli CKI no SOUND . romo step out of the recess doorway . N arabi C wth engcli sh subti tles 85 . sqldi er # 1 we that you ? sqldi er # 2 wat be you do here ? | think you be off toni ght ? roqvo ; forget ny cell phone in the change room now it 's go . soldier # 1 | ; you can not | eave anything in here . watever it be , it will sprout leg and walk away . they share a laugh . the soldier turn and conti nue upstairs . int . doorway - conti nuqus roro grab Anwar and pull himdowm the stair . int . basement - conti nuous a huge unkept roomfill wth wash machine , rusting equi pment and furniture . roro and Anwar enter . rovo they 's have see I . they 's !! know ! get you out . anvar it 's okay . just get I to the canadi a enbassy . |’ 1 ! take care of you . ; rovo you think i’ Il be safe at the canadi a enbassy ? every egyptian guard there work for abasi . roro pace back and forth . he stop , a decision make . rovo |’ have get to put you back . sorry . anwar no , you can not do that . rovo | can do what | want . you have no way to protect not . 86 . / anvar listen to I . W will get out of the count ry . rovo how ? anvar | do not know , there must be a way . roro grab Anwar and nove himtoward the door . anvar no , pl ease . rovo how be you go to protect I . how wll you get money ? do you have anyone that can help we ? anvar wit , let I think . rovo vé need someone to get we out of the country . who do you know ? woo do you know tel ! not ! Anwar break down , drop to he knee cry . anvar | can not think . m cousin live in gza , |’ mnot sure . | have not see themin year . but we can go there . . rovo be in G za ? anvar | do not know . please , |’ have never be there . please , just let I out of here . roro 's demeanor harden . he pull a conceal ed weapon and press the barrel to Anwar 's forehead . he cock the hanmer . rovo be in G za ?! Anwar sob . he close he eye in expectation of the bullet . anvar | really do not know . porno hit anwar hard in the face wth the pistol . 87 . abasi , vahe and several guard step out of the dark corner . Anwar |ook at they then back up to rono . the woole thing be a con . he lunge at ponv. pono pivot and knock Anwar to the f! oor unconsci ous . ext . FBI build WASHINGTON DC - day a taxi pull up . isabella exit and move to the entrance . title card : '' FBI build WASHINGTON DC 's int . reception , FBI - conti nuqus isabella walk up to the recepti oni st . | sabella I would like to speak wth director thonas . recepti oni ST do you have a appoi not nent ? isabella shake she head , '' no . '' recepti oni ST can | ask what this be ... | sabella a ki dnappi no . the receptionist study she for a monent then pick up the t el ephone . int . FBI office - day isabella sit across two FBI agent . |sabella ww husband have be ki dnap by the rs over nnent and take to : be is_my passport . 's nave be Anwar el-l er anim the agent check the passport and exchange a | ook . ext . justice department - day isabella enter the bui| ding . 88. title card : '' U.S. justice departvent , WASHINGTON DC 's int . office , the justice department - conti nuqus isabella sit across a justice Department adm N strator _|lsabella the egyptian authority be neither confirm nor deny they have he that 's a admission that he be extradite wthout a hearing or counsel . adm ni strator vwé can not confirmthat . int . state department - day title card : U.S. state departnent '' isabella sit in front of another anonymous bureaucrat . she push a statute book towards the official . | sabella the War crime Act of 1996 , 18 usc section 2340 prohibit the governrent fromextraditing a | suspect to a country where there be as rong belief the suspect wll be torture . ( beat ) he 's be torture . you be break the | aw . offi ci al you do not know be he be , how do you know he 's be tort ure ? ext . state department - day isabella exit , stress . suddenly , she stop , hold she stomach , a bad cramp . she sl ouch in pain . | nt. hospi tal corri dor - conti nuqus |sabella be move down the hall way on a gurney . the overhead light reflect in she eye . | nt. exam nation room hospital - day isabella | ay in bed . a young doctor | ook over she chart . 89 . doctor how be you feel ? | sabella / better. | think | be just tired . doctor you need to take thing easy . too much exertion and you risk a pre- mature delivery . int . | nterrogati on room - day Anwar be strapped to the wall . wre be tape to he body . they |ead to a small nretal box attach to a car battery . pono fli 's a switch . anwar jerk viqlently . hs scream be nuf fl ed a gag : rono flip the swtch back . Anwar rel axe , pl ead throug the gag . Doug ! as watch . he | ook terrible : bag under he eye , unwash and stress . abasi check he watch . he nod to pono . he flip the swtch again . Anwar 's body seize . Doug ! as | ook away . roro swtches the power off . abasi gesture to Anwar . pono step up and remove the gag . blood everywhere . anvar no nore ! pl ease ! abasi you 's be do no this to yourself , Anwar . eet rying to save life . live that you would help destroy . ( whi mperi no ) i mperi no pl ease . [ pm beggi no you . abasi if you die here , today , right now , who would mss you ? you wfe would eventually remarry . you son would learn to call another man , '' father . '' anvar pl ease . abasi , annoyed , nod to pono. 90 . roro step up , swtches on the power . anwar jerk VI olently . scream Doug ! as fl inch . douglas alright , enough . abasi shoot Douglas a | ook . this be i as err ogat ion . you obser have . " kot hing nore . ( to romo ) put {he gag mn. roro nove toward Anwar with the gag . anwar no , please wait ! he contact nea year ago . sil ence . dougl as be stunne . abasi snile , finally . he snap he finger . roro tet Anwar dom . they sit himin a chair . in arabic wth encli sh subti tles abasi how do rashid silimi contact you ? anvar he call I , on ny cell . abasi |ook at Douglas , smug . abasi wy ? anvar I nf or mati on . abasi wat infor mati on ? anwar cheni cal composition to increase expl osi have power . det onati on device . Raw material . 91 . abasi ; ; do you give himthat information ? anvar ( pause ) yes . abasi do you ever speak wth any of he be des ? Anwar do not answer . abasi lean across the table and hit Anwar hard in the face . douglas gve hima chance to answer ! abasi slide a note pad towards Anwar . abasi nare ! Anwar start to wite . dougl as study he deep in think . douglas do he pay you ? Anwar pause , |ook up to Douglas . anwar yes . douglas how much ? _ anwar ___ ( hesi t at es ) fifty thousand . douglas be 's the money ? vé hadn 's t ( we ed out howto do the transfer wthout ny be detect . douglas you trust ed himto owe you the money ? anvar he 'as ny cousin . 92 . int . hallway , mukhabarat detention CENTER - conti nuoqus Doug ! as , abasi and pono enter fromthe interrogation room dougl as seen dej ect ed . abasi 's | ook over the list of name . rovo ( to dougl as ) you | ook surprised . abasi . . you should not be . this pig lie . that 's what they do . abasi slip the list into he pocket . douglas can | get a copy of that ? abasi hand the list to pono . abasi make a copy . pono exit . vahe appr oach hol ding a cellphone and carry a small backpack . vahe / boss , | have something for you to see . they turn away from dougl as . vahe show abasi something on the cellphone . abasi tense . abasi be be he ? vahe 19 . abasi and vahe walk off . Douglas watch they int . | nterrogati on room 19 - day a intense abasi enter carry the backpack . a young man sit cuffed and shackle in the room it 's qrar . he 's be beat severel y. 93 . in arabi C wth english subti tles _ abasi Omar ismiri ? qvar yes. abasi any relation to hamadi isniri ? qvar mw uncle . abasi you know who | a ? qrar nod , '' yes . abasi set the backpack on the table . / abasi this you backpack ? qrar try to focus on the bag . he nod , abasi and you phone ? yes . ger nod through tear . abasi shove the carera phone at respect abasi wo be this girl ? q the screen of the phone be a digital photograph of fatima and Khalid take by be on the night of the student protest . ; qvar fat i mar . abasi and you know she from .. qvar School . abasi and the boy wth she ? qvar Khalid El - enin . abasi / Wen be the last time you see she ? 94 . qvar a few day ago . abasi wo be she wth ? qvar khal i die abasi wer e? qvar ; she be hel ping make sign for the student protest . abasi good . be be they now ? qvar | do not know . ___ abasi | be go to ask you one nore time . _ var ( cr yi no ) he life wth he grandmother on albuti , number thirty - six or seven . abasi stare at qovar . determine he 's tell the truth . abasi , have you see you uncle , hanadi , recently ? qrar nod , '' yes . '' abasi / very good . you 's !! be kind enough to give not he address . int . hallway - conti nuqus abasi and vahe nove dow the hall . abasi hand hima note . abasi ; | want you on he uncle , haradi . vahe nod and quickly walk off . 95 . not . alan S office - ni ght Alan at he desk , aggravate and absorb in he thought . he reach for he briefcase , open it . he pull Anwar 's blue file . he turn on the shredder and shred all the docunent . nt. douglas 's home office - N ght dougl as work on he computer . he type a name off Anwar 's confession list . he hit the enter button : on screen : NSA database . '' no | nforvati on 's bol die dougl as type in another nane . on screen : '' no | nfornvati on 's Doug ! as teans back in he chair . thinks . ext . khalid 's S hove - N ght abasi park a unmark van a short distance fromthe house . rono sit in the passenger seat . khali d 's house be dark . they check they watch . ext . cairo STREET - NI ght ( desaturate ) a poorly light corner . a bus pull up . fatima and Khalid exit . he take fatima 's hand and | ead she through a vacant lot . SOUND of a DI stant barki no dog int . security van - ni ght abasi sit | ook out of the tinted wndow . ext . khali D S backyard - ni ght ( desaturate ) Khalid and fatima enter the backyard through a rear gate . they take a staircase up to the second floor . they enter . 96 . int . security van - ni ght abasi sit back wth he arm fold . he turn toward the monitor . he straighten , |ook out of the wndow . arabi C wth engli sh subti tles abasi you sleep , |’!1 watch first . rono lean back in he seat . int . khalid 's S bedroom - ni ght ( desaturate ) Khalid and fatima enter quietly . he shut the door without make a sound . Khalid turn to fatima . the conbi nation of street and moonlight cast eerie shadow on he face . fatima reach for a light . khali D do not . she pull away . Khalid take she hand and | ead she to the bed . he sit , she sit next to he they | ay dom together in a embrace . fatima lay she head on he chest . _ fatima ( whi sper 's ) | love you . Khalid stare at the ceiling . he 's lose , even afraid . int . anwar S cell - ni ght Anwar sit in the corner meticulously fashion a noose out of he tear prison clothes . int . fatima S bedroom abasi and sem a' S home - N gh the door open . senia enter , turn on a small light . pop oster , picture , stuff animal , colorful wallpaper and edding . everywhere , fatima 's personal thing , bel oved obj ect from more innocent time . senia sit on the bed and clutches a pill ow . g7 . | nt. khali D S bedroom - NI ght ( desaturate ) dimy light . fatima and Khalid sleep fully clothed . int . douglas ' hove office - ni ght dougl as sl eep in front of he computer . he wake , suddenly . he stretch , groggy , stand , nove toward the door . he pause , turn , sit at he desk . he type . on screen : google search eng ne : '' hosny Abd rabboh . '' dougl as type the rest of they name . hts enter dougl as stare at the screen , ast ound . ext . cairo , egypt - daw sunrise . int . fayet S hove - morning elegant and tasteful . fayet sleep next to he wfe , 45 . the door bell RI ngs and again . hs wfe wake . W fe fayet , the door . fayet ( wake ) wat 7 fayet check the nightstand clock : '' 5:18 am '' ext . fayet S hove , hall - conti nuoqus the doorbell ! ring again . fayet peek through the shade . 98 . dougl as stand on the porch . fayet open the door . _ fayet | Douglas , it 's 5 in the norn . dougl as enter wthout a word . int . KI tchen - conti nuqus dougl as pl ace a print page on the kitchen table : a photo of a egyptian soccer teamin 70' kit . fayet douglas the 1977 egyptian soccer team look at the photo . fayet kay ... douglas this be the man Anwar conf ess be nenber of the el-hazim bri gade . fayet this be why you 's have get not out of bed ? to show not he 's a liar ? douglas he say he be pay 50 thousand dol | ar . fayet that 's a big incentive . douglas he make 225 thousand a year . you think he 's gonna risk he fanily , he life for 50 thousand ? fayet have no answer . douglas he know nothing . he 's innocent . fayet how do | know that ? lying do not make hi minnocent ! it make hima iar . douglas he have a wfe , acchild , a nother , a father , relative , friend . more ) 99 . douglas ( cont ' d) for every one we torture , we create ten , a hundred , a thousand new eneme of the west . it 's like a fuck virus , spread . be do it stop ? silence for a beat . then fayet speak very calmy . / fayet mw friend , if you do not have the stomach for this , then you should ask to be reassign . | can not help you . dougl as pull out a set of official | ook docunent and set themon the table . / fa wat be that ? Doug ! as take out a pen and hold it out to fayet . douglas hs release form . | need you to sign they fayet have you lose you mind ? |' mnot go to sign that . douglas , yes you be . wé bring himto you . he 's ny responsibility . I be instruct you to sign this rel ease . ( pause ) pl ease . fayet hold dougl as ' | ook . fayet you know what this will mean ? for you ? douglas | do . a final beat . then fayet sign the papers . douglas thank you . dougl as slip the docunent into he j acket pocket . fayet g@ood - bye dougl as. 100 . ext . resi denti al STREET , cai ro - day dougl as enter he car . | nsi do car hs driver move into traffic . he pull he cell and dial . douglas ( on he cell ) | Fran crushner , vashi nat on Post ? fran ( os . ) yes , who be this ? douglas dougl as Freeman . you have a pencil and paper . fran ( q.s. ) @. douglas Anwar El - I brahim egyptian , life in Toronto , work for organni , di sappear from JFK . fran ( os . ) | do not under st and ? douglas he 's in Egypt . dougl as hang up . int . hallway out ! do senator hawkins 's offi ce - ni ght Al a appr oach . '' senator craig havki ns '' | abel ed on the door . he open the office door . there be a celebration in progress : about 20 people , lobbyist , staffer , congressman , and Senator hawkins , seat , smile . Alan stand at the door , watch . a somber nood . a staffer approach wth a fresh glass of chanpagne . 101 . staffer congr atul ation , Alan . ( offer the gl ass ) you really pull this one off . qher staffer approach a and pat himon the back . a snile slide on Alan 's face . he take the gl ass alan thank you . thank you very much . and join the party . int . | sabella 's S HOTEL - N ght isabella fold clothes into she suitcase . she sit on the bed . it 's all too much . she break down , begi ns to sob . rer cell phone ring . she wpes she eye , reach for the phone . | sabella hel | 0 ? fran isabella El -| brahi n? | sabella yes . fran Fran qrushner , Washington Post . | think we need to talk . ext . khalid S STREET - day abasi 's van still park near Khalid 's house . in the van abasi 's asleep . rono watch the house . int . khalid 's S bedroom - day ( desaturate ) fatima wake wth a start . the roomics SUN drenched . Khalid be go . she get 's out of bed fully dress . she move to the door and crack it open . fati ma Khalid . Khalid . 102. int . khalid 's S hallway - conti nuous ( desaturate ) fatima enter and |ook around the apartment . it 's enpty . ext . mukhabarat detention CENTER - day dougl as 's car pull up . Douglas get out and enter . int . dententi on CENTER - day two guard step up to Anwar 's cell and open the door . Anwar lay on the floor hold a open Koran . Anwar stir , cower in the corner cl ut chi no he hol y book . Doug ! as step in carry street clothes . 's shower , perfect suit and tie and clean shaven . douglas hurry up , put this on . int . khali D S bedroom - day ( desaturate ) fatima notice Khalid 's wallet on the nightstand . she pick it up , sit and open it . nothing interesting . she set it down . she open the nightstand drawer , go through it . she pull out a journal . she open it . on journal : personal thought interm xed wth drawng and glue in phot ogr aph . a photo - Khalid , 7 , he brother , 12 , they mother and father . all smile . a photo - a few year later the father and the two boy , the smle have fade . a photo - Khalid and he brother , older , bearded , seri ous . a photo - Khalid , shave , wth he grandnother , morose . a | nvi tation to the menvrial service for fadil EL - emn Khalid 's brother . there 's a picture of fadil . fatima quickly close the book . she | ook into the drawer , pull out a envelope . she open it : 103 . a tear section of a pen , '' 8:30 , '' mark a group of photo : a distant surveillance shot of abasi at the teahouse at sadat plaza . tourist map . sadat plaza circle in a red in the corner . fatima squint to make out he face . a closer | mage of abasi | aughing wth the owner of the t eahouse . fatima let out a gasp . more photo . all be of abasi at the teahouse on different — day . she drop the picture , take out she cell and flip it open . khali D S vo cemail '' this be Khalid , |eave a message and | wll_call you back . allahis great . ( beep ) '' veh | cle sound from the STREET . fatima rush to the with ndow . through the W ndow - habi bah , 70 , Khalid 's grandmother , be get it no out of a taxi wth she suitcase . she start toward the house . fatima hurry fromthe room int . securi ty van across the STREET from khali D S hove - day abasi and pono watch the house . thei R Pov - she s-carry 's though bay of grocery . she move up the. stair . abasi gve she a minute . they check they weapon . ext . rear of khali d's hove - day ( desaturate ) fatima exit the back door , run dom the stair and di sappear through the all ey . 104 . ext . cairo STREET - day ( desaturate ) fatima exit the alley and flag down a taxi . she enter , they drive off . int . anwar S cell - day Anwar button he shirt , almost dress . Douglas and the guard stand on either side of he anvar wy be you do this ? douglas you be a bad liar , Anwar . let 's go . the door swng open , a UN forved guard enter . |n arabic wth english subti tles _ guard # 1 wat 's 's go on ? Anwar stumble back , terrify . douglas __ ( firmy ) this man be be release into ny cust ody , immedi atel y. dougl as hand the guard the rel ease papers . . guard # 1 abasi have not sign this . _ _ douglas ( poi nts to the release paper s) you see that signature ? that 's you deputy Interior mnister . you have a problen ? — pull he cell ) let call he right now . Guard # 1 stare at Douglas . beat . he turn to | eave . douglas hey . dougl as gesture to the release papers . Guard # 1 hand they back and exit . 105 . douglas _ ( to Anwar ) qui ckl y. int . HOTEL , WASHINGTON DC - N ght isabella stand in line to check out . she hold she stomach . a woman in line behind she step up . vwovan mo be be you alright ? ext . mukhabarat detenti on CENTER - conti nuqus two egyptian police guard approach Douglas 's car and | ean down to the driver . the driver hold up he security pass . ; poli ceman ( in arabi c ) you can not wait here . move on . the driver move the car . ext . sadat plaza , cai ro - day ( desaturate ) fatima 's taxi pull up to the intersection . the pt aza be j ann wth early morning traffic . the statue of pre ] dent sadat gl ear proudly in the norn sun . there 's no evidence of a recent bonb . all seen nornal . fatima get out of the cab and step up to the corner . fati ma S Pov - the teahouse . no abasi . near by . of pa nro pal ce sedan . two poli ce offi cer SI T she look to she leave : a carpet vendor beat a persi a rug . fatima turn just in time to see ... 106 . Khalid in the backseat of a pass car . she wave . fati ma khal i d! too late , he 's already go . the car enter the turnabout and park on the far side of the pl aza . fatima move to cross the street towards he when she see - her father 's bl ack mercede pull up at the t eahouse . vahe and rono get out . they open the back door . abasi get out and cross to the t eahouse . the elderly owmer greet he warnty . fatima take a step back behind a Tel ephone pole bl ocki no abasi 's potential vi ew of she . she turn back to Khalid . a approach armored black suv , the type typi cally use by foreign diplomat . the suv enter the plaza slowy , stick in the heavy traffic . | 1 ts s|de wndowis OPEN a busi nessman on a old vespa cut through traffic . a short distance ahead of the suv - Khalid be get out of the car and try to cross traffic towards abasi . fatima be confuse . khali . d_i' wearing a large blue jacket that 's S at least tvo s| zes too big for hm the realization cross fatima 's face like death in slow moti on . fati ma ( under she breath ) int . hospi tal deli very room - ni ght isabella be rush in . she 's prepped for delivery . int . detainee area , mukhabarat detention CENTER - day Doug ! as and Anwar walk dow a flight of stair and through - 107 . a hallwy past several suspicious guard . they approach the heavily guard exit . it seem a mile away . Anwar slow , fearful . Douglas take he armand nove he al ong . douglas Cone on . dougl as show the release papers to the guard at the exit . they scrutinize the papers closely . Anwar | cook dow , terrify . int . abasi 's S offi ce , mukhabarat detention CENTER - day Guard # 1 approach abasi 's female assi stant . guard # 1 be there a schedul ed pri soner release today ? abasi assi stant no. ext . khali D and habi bah S house - day abasi and pono run through the driveway and up the stair . they pound on the front door . abasi qoen up , police ! ronro kick the door in . int . khalid and habi bah S hove - conti nuqus habi bah preside over a memorial of wlting flover in the center -' the live room she turn to abasi calmy , unafraid . abasi stare at the menorial . hs face lose all expression . ext . sadat plaza , cai ro - day ( desaturate ) fatima cross the street towards Khalid . horn blare ! dri vers scream obsceni it es . dixon and dougl as 's black suv inch forward . 108 . fatima navi gate the heavy traffic as she cross . in arabic wth encli sh subti tles fati ma Khalid ! no ! he 's ny father ! be symphony of horn be deafen . fatima wave she arn . Khalid have reach the center statue . he see she . he 's stunne . he wave she away . fati ma he 's ny father ! Khalid can not hear what she be sayi no . he 's 's conflict , over whel mo . Khalid stop , take off he jacket to reveal a massive bomb vest . he try to take it off . on car parked on the far end of the turnabout . the back window | ower . harmadi , qrar 's cousin , | evel a AK - 47 at khali D . hamad ! FI res ! Khalid turn to hamadi , confuse . hamad ! FI res again . khali d be hit in the neck . he drop to he knee . daze , yl no pandenoni um pedestrian scranble in every direction . the two police officer in the patrol car exit wth they weapon do awn . a qunfi ght abasi 's security man rush abasi into he car . DI xon and douglas suv frantically try to get out of the pack plaza . they hit the car in front of they fatima run up to Khalid and take himinto she arm . he 's bl eedi no profusely fromthe neck . fati ma ( hyst eri cal ) khali df khali d! Khalid |ook up at she , blood pour out of he mouth . the tri gger to the explosi ves 1s |n hs clenched hand . fatima cry uncontrollably . 109 . Khalid die . hs hand relax . there 's a click Khalid expl ode into a massi ve FI re ball . vhi te qu ET SOUND of a woman scream no fade up to isabella 's face . she 's give birth . ext . mukhabarat detention CENTER - day dougl as and Anwar exit the building . hs car be go . douglas fuck . Doug ! as barely control he panic . he take Anwar by the arm and | ead hi mdown the si dewal k. ext . hamadi , qovar S uncle 's S row house - day the house ovar take khali D to for medi cal help after the student protest . ) vahe and menber of the securi ty police exchange fire wth the occupant inside . a fierce firefight . int . detai nee area , mjkhabarat - day Guard # 1 run up to the guard near Anwar 's open cell . guard # 1 be be t hey ?! guard # 2 they 's be go . ext . mukhabarat detention CENTER , cai ro - day dougl as wave dom a taxi . they get in . ext . mukhabarat detenti cn CENTER - conti nuous several security men scranble out of the bui ! ding . 110 . int . taxi - conti nuoqus dougl as and Anwar sit in the back . the taxi enter traffic . they drive away fromthe Mukhabarat . int . khalid and habi bah S hove - day abasi move by habi bah and up to the menoria picture of idin the center of the wilti arrangenent . | . thereis a no fl ower abasi Wen do he di e ? . habi bah Allah be great . abasi turn to she sharply , about to strike . abasi Wen , old woran ! ? habi bah a week ago . ext . khali D and habi bah S hove - conti nuous abasi and rono exit the house . abasi 's consune with grief . abasi | want the dental record of all the unidentified female victim of the Sadat bonbi no . he wpes he eye . he know what the answer be . int . taxi - day dougl as and Anwar sit in the back . _ taxi Alexandria be 3 hour . you_want to of that far , you pre-pay . Three undre dollar . dougl as hand hima wad of bill and lean back in he seat . anwar be be we goi no ? _ douglas , I be put you on a ship . | nt. hamadi , ovar S uncle 's S house - day vahe and abasi 's security man stormthe house wth they weapon draw . Three body | ay dead at the door . vahe continue into the kitchen . int . KI tchen - conti nuqus more dead suspect | ay on the floor . vahe check they he roll a body over . it 's hamadi , qvar S uncle , dead , mul tiple bullet wound . int . abasi and sem a' S hove - N ght abasi arrive hone . seni a move up to the kitchen door . abasi drop he head . in a monent , sema understand the meaning of he silence . sem a no ! no! no ! she charge abasi and_pound on he chest wth she fist . she fall into he arm . they weep uncontrol| abl y . ext . taxi - N ght dougl as’ taxi speed along the hi ghway . ext . alexandria seaport - conti nuqus a busy international port . qruise ship , tanker , mlitary vessel , cargo ship , all thing that float . dougl as’ taxi pull up to a mid-size @eek cargo ship . int . taxi - continuous dougl as hand Anwar a anerican passport , ticket and cash . douglas you name be Ayman E - tabei . on passport : there 's a photo of Anwar . _ douglas ; the captain 's name be wlin . he will get you to bari . there , you will take a train to mlan , _ where you will board a plane to Toronto . do not talk to anyone , do not call anyone , do not do anything until you get back hore . ( pas hh yes wipe he eye thank you douglas there 's 's a medic on board . he will treat you wound . '' on . Anwar get out of the car and nove toward the ship . not . corri ne 's S office , NSA , WASHINGTON - day corrine read the norn Washington Post paper . a front page_story detail America 's policy of '' extraordinary rendition . '' there 's a small photo of Anwar in the article . her intercom buzze . corrine do not respond . it buzy again . she ignore it . nt. douglas taxi - ni ght Doug ! as ride in the passenger seat . they be on the hi ghway headi no back to Cairo . Doug ! as have the wndow dom , the wnd bl owng in he face . he loosen he tie . he 's calm reflective . hs driver offer hima cigarette , decline . Doug ! as 's phone ring . he answer douglas dougl as Freeman . lee mayer / / wat the fuck be you do ? | j ust to acall fromthe mnister of the nterior . do you have the canadi a ? douglas | ’? m done. 113 . lee mayer wat ?! what the fuck be you tal king about ? douglas Lee ... lee mayer . listen to I , Douglas . you be make a mistake . at ever you think you 's be do ... douglas Lee ? lee mayer wat ? douglas |’ m do . silence . dougl as hit '' end call . '' he turn back to the desert , think . ext . egyptian hi ghway - ni ght dougl as 's car speed down the hi ghway . | nt. bedroom douglas 's house - day dougl as pack he suitcase . he hear a ring at the door . stop pack . unsure of who it could be . int . hallway , douglas 's house - conti ! nuoqus dougl as approach he door . check through the peephole . step back . hesi tate . then open the door . safiya stand on the threshold . for a monent neither speak . then : safi ya wat do you do , dougl as ? douglas | tell they ! be do . silence for a nonent . safiya glance around , shift awkwardly . safi ya can | cone in ? he hesitates . douglas be have you park ? safi ya do it matter ? he smile briefly . she smile softly . he step aside to allow she to enter . after a beat , she go in . Doug ! as swng the door close on we . ext . anwar and | sabella 's S house , toronto - day a quiet afternoon . a few kid play . a guy wash he car . onn talk ! no head ( v.q . ) '' the Egypt | a authority have now concl ude that the Cairo bonbin be in fact a suicide bombing . the man_has be identify as Khalid El - enin , a radical menber of the el- hazi m bri gade . '' int . kitchen , anwar and | sabella 's S house , toronto - day the morning sun shine in . CNN play on the tv . _ onn talking head ( V. 0 . ) ' egypti a official say several — peop e have be arrest foll ow no he dead ! y explosion . terrorism expert have predict there wl be more attack in the region . the death toll have be revise up from 36 to 38 . qhe anerican . ( more ) 115 . _ CNN talk ! no head ( V. q. ) ( cont ' d) a Interior mnistry official say authority believe that arrest may have information regard the blast but be not directly | ink . '' gassical music mix wth the faint SOUND of a baby crying in the other room the phone RI ngs jereny run in and answer it . jeremy hel | o. paddy b* us® ? ( to the other roon ) mommy , daddy 's on the phone ! the end