breakdown SERVICES page 1 of 1 this confidential information be the property of breakdown service , Ltd. , -- do not copy !!! Friday , Oct. 8 , 2004 , 1:56 pm Pacific rent the movie — NY / LA Producers : feature Film Chris Columbus Mark radcliffe produce by Revolution studios Michael barnathan Jane rosenthal Robert deniro director : Chris Columbus rehearse : approx late 2004 shoot : approx mid-march 2005 location : tba please send submission asap to : telsey casting 145 west 28th 12 th floor new york , NY 10001 attn : rent the movie casting immediately ; please rush los angele submission . please make note of where the actor be locate . seek : [ roger ] caucasian , male , 20' . rock & roll grunge voice , like Eddie vedder or kurt cobain . leader of a rock band . he be able to project raw pain with charisma . play guitar a plus . [ MARK ] caucasian , male , 20' . baritone / second tenor . underfunded , underground filmmaker , he have turn he back on he affluent upbringing . likeable , if occasionally high -strung , he be almost the narrator of the show . [ collin ] African - american , male , mid 20' to mid 30' . low baritone , bluesy , gravely voice . philospher , teacher , anarchist , aids activist . [ benny ] African american , male , 20' . baritone / second tenor , can handle pop ballad . a striver , up from the project to the ivy League , want to be the next quincy Jones . soulless buppy . [ maureen ] caucasian , female , 20' . clean , versatile rock & roll sound . sexy , comic , and wild ; a tacky Jersey girl turn East Village performance artist . [ mimi ] latina , female , 20' , to play young . Raw rock & roll voice with a high belt , gloria estafan with a touch of sinead o'conner . sexy and of the street , with some dark secret . [ angel ] latino , asian or mix ethnicity , male , early teens to mid 20' . High tenor to falsetto . actor must be willing to play drag . a fun guy with lot of style . [ joanne ] African - american , mid - 20' to late 20' , Joan armatrade or Tracy chapman . wry humour and sardonic wit , politically connect , probably a Harvard Graduate . http://www. breakdownexpress.com/index.cfim/html/28900/bdfile/f29fa72991dafaoa ... 10/18/2004 rent by Stephen chbosky base on the stage musical by Jonathan Larson current revision by Chris Columbus September 21,2004 1 rent close up : the hand of a young man , keep a steady drumbeat on 1 the bottom .of a plastic pickle barrel . camera pull back . it 's angel dumott shunard . he 's age 21 , gay , latino . angel be dress in a wool cap , jacket and jeans . he be slender , short and athletic , with kind eye , and a sweet smile , the pickle tub be balanced between he knee . angel sit on the porch of a expensive brownstone , on the Upper East side of Manhattan . he be drum for cash . angel 's drumbeat lead we into the open chord of season of love . no vocal . only piano . we begin a montage . various shot . the street of manhattan . 2 Christmas eve. mid 1980' . rockefeller CENTER . people skate on the ice rink , take photo of the Christmas Tree . sak fifth avenue store window , fill with bright , colorful 3 decoration . a homeless woman sleep beneath a window , curl up on a bed of dirty blanket and cardboard . sixth ave . and 28 '' st. a christmas tree lot . A. yuppie couple pay 4 one hundred buck for a six foot tree . WASHINGTON square park . drug deal be make , money be exchange , 5 only yard from a church nativity scene . little italy . steamy restaurant window be fill with tourist , ~ 6 eat , celebrate . outside , a homeless man pick through trash . the chord of season of love fade into the crisp sound of a electric guitar be tune . ext , industrial loft - 11 % STREET and avenue B ~ night 7 a four story industrial loft . a small tent -city have sprung up in the lot next door . the homeless warm they hand over a trash can fire . camera move to the third floor loft window . the guitar tuning grow louder , as the camera go inside the loft . int . loft - night - 8 '' MARK cohen , age 22 , enter . he be dress in glass , tatter jeans , sweater and scarf . he hold a 1lémm bolex camera . Mark turn the camera on Roger . they breath be fog . MARK smile . '' roger ( annoyed ) Mark ~ - . MARK from here on in , I shoot without a script . see if anything come of it — roger ( kick a stack of screenplays ) instead of you old shit . Mark ignore the comment , put the camera to he eye and focus on Roger . Mark narrate as he film . . MARK December 24° " , 9:00 pm . Eastern standard time . first shot , Roger . tuning the fender guitar . roger this will not tune — MARK so we hear . Roger 's just come back from a year of withdrawal . roger be you talk to I ? MARK not at all . be you ready ? tell the folk at home what you be do , Roger ? roger ( sing ) I be write one great -- the phone ring . roger save . Mark pan he camera to the answer machine . he and Roger 's voice echoe from the machine : speak ! 10 il 12 13 14 15 ext . loft - pay phone - night 9 tom collin , age 26 , be ata pay phone , across the street from the loft . Collins be black , gay , with a kind , gentle face and warm eye . a computer genius , teacher and vagabond anarchist . tom ( sing ) '' chestnut roasting ... '' int . loft ~ night 10 Mark excitedly pick up the phone . MARK Collins ! collin I be outside . throw down the key . Mark hang up the phone , pull out a small leather pouch , hurry back to the window . ext . loft - night 11 Mark toss the key to Collins , who catch it . int . loft - night , 12 Mark turn from the window , to Roger . MARK a wild night be now preordain . ext . loft - night 13 Collins move to cross the street , when two thug appear from the alley beside he . one be carry a lousiville slugger . Collins turn , see the mugger , mutter under he breath . collin I may be detain . one of the thug swing , hit Collins in the rib . hard , Collins hit the ground , struggle for he breath . int . loft - night 14 the phone ring again . Mark answer . int . range rover - night 1s benjamin coffin iit ( aka benny ) be drive he Range Rover through the street of Manhattan . benny be 23 , African american , sleek , handsome , dress in expensive clothes . he be speak on a cell phone . benny Ho ho ho . 16 int . loft - night ( cut between here and benny 's car ) 16 MARK benny ! roger shit. benny dude , I be on my . way . I need the rent . MARK what rent ? Roger pick up a slip of paper on the table beside he : a eviction notice . it read : rent past due . 12 month . benny this year 's past rent , which I let slide . : MARK let slide ? you say we be golden . roger ( speak into phone ) when you buy the building . MARK when we be roommate . remember ? you live here ! benny how could I forget ? you , I , Collins and Maureen . how be the drama queen ? MARK she 's get ready for a performance -- benny I know . still . she production manager ? MARK I be bump . benny still dating she ? MARK I be dumped . 17 18 roger she 's in love . benny she 's get a new man ? MARK well — no . . . . benny what 's he name ? MARK / roger joanne . benny ( laugh ) Rent , my amigo , be due . or I will have to evict you . Mark angrily hang up . Roger defiantly pick out musetta 's theme from puccini 's LA boheme on the electric guitar . the fuse blow on the amp . the light go out . MARK ( incredulous ) they turn off we power ? on Christmas Eve ? the open chord of rent explode . ( all song lyric be in italic . all song title be bold ) . Mark begin to sing . . MARK how do you document real life when real life 's get more like fiction each day ? ext . alleyway outside of loft - night 17 Tom Collins , punch and kick by the two thug . MARK ( v.o. ) headline , breadline , blow my mind -- int . loft - night 18 Mark clutches the eviction notice , strike a match . MARK -- and now this deadline , '' eviction or pay ! rent ! Mark ignites the eviction notice . Roger throw down he guitar . roger how do you write a song when the chord sound wrong , though they once sound right and rare ? when the note be sour ... where be the power you once have to ignite the air ? MARK and we be hungry and freeze . roger some life that we have choose . Mark toss the burn eviction notice into the wood stove . roger/mark how we gonna 's pay ? how we gonna 's pay ? how we gonna 's pay ? last year 's rent ? Mark strike another match . a candle glow . MARK we light candle . Roger begin to tear he rock poster off the wall . roger how do you start a fire , when there 's nothing to burn and it feel like something 's stick in you flue ? MARK how can you generate heat , when you can not feel you foot ? roger/mark and they be turn blue ! Mark grab copy of he screenplays , rip off page , toss they into the stove . Roger throw he poster into the fire . MARK you light up a mean blaze ! roger with poster . MARK and screenplays . roger/mark how we gonna 's pay ? 19 20 21 ext . loft - night 19 through the scattered loft window , we see various tenant lighting candle . one woman , mimi marquez , 19 year old , beautiful , with thick , long dark hair and brown eye , light a candle in she window . her voice join Roger and Mark . , mimi how we gonna 's pay ? in another window , another tenant 's voice join Roger , Mark 's , mimi 's ... another tenant how we gonna 's pay ? int . loft - night 20 we hear mimi and the tenant 's voice along with ... roger/mark last year 's rent ! ext . / int . tent CITY / theater ~ night 21 camera swoops over the occupant of the tent city parking lot , toward the remain of a abandon movie theater that rest on the property . the theater window be board up . the marquee be shattered . 's camera goe inside , past the empty lobby , into the theater . the remain seat be tear and break . the floor be strewn with old coffee cup , candy wrapper and garbage . an’ occasional rodent scurries by . year of dust and cobweb have accumulate on the wall and remain fixture . the screen be stain , rip . stand on the batter wooden stage , be joanne jefferson , a elegant black woman in she mid-twenty . she 's Harvard educate , intelligent , tough and anal retentive . she 's tinkering with a.complicate sound system with one hand , a pay phone receiver be cradle under she chin . joanne do not screen Maureen , it 's I , joanne , you substitute production manager , hey , hey , hey ! do you eat ? do not change the subject , Maureen . but darling , you have not eat all day . joanna try to adjust the amp ’s-electrical cord . it spark . she jump back , still talk . smoke begin to pour out of the amp . joanne you will not throw up . you will not throw up the digital delay ... do not blow up ( exactly ) . there may have be one teeny tiny spark ... 22 23 24 25 bam ! a blast of SPARKS shoot from the amplifier . a fire start , along the electrical cord . joanne quickly stomp on the flame , try to extinguish they . joanne you be not call Mark !!! ext . alley - night 22 Collins struggle to he foot as the two thug rifle through he belonging . they have rip off Collins 's coat , minus one sleeve . the thug open Collins 's wallet . it 's empty . collin how do you stay on you foot when on every street it 's '' trick or treat '' , and tonight be '' trick '' . the other thug open collin 's backpack , find it fill with batter philosophy paperback , toss they on the ground . the two thug run off down the alley , leave a batter , bleed Tom Collins . collin '' welcome back to town '' . JI should lie down . everything 's brown and uh-oh , I feel . sick . : ext . loft - night 23 Mark peer through the loft window , look outside . MARK where be he ? ext . alley ~ night 24 collin ( stumble to he knee ) get dizzy . Collins collapse . ext . loft - night 25 camera race up the building . more angry tenant be in the window . more candle be be light , more fire be be start . camera pan by each window , each tenant be sing . they voice be grow , become stronger , more emotional with each line . tenant how we gonna 's pay ? two tenant how we gonna pay ? 26 27 28 29 30 another tenant how we gonna 's pay ? camera stop on Mark and Roger 's window , they voice defiantly join the other . roger /mark . last year 's rent ! ext , east village street - night 26 benny 's Range Rover cut through the street and lead we through the charge carnival that be the East Village in the eighty . cafes. artist . squatter . addict . dealer . mascara girl . int , range rover - night 27 benny ( on cell phone ) alison , baby . ' you sound sad . I can not believe that two , after everything I have do . ever since we wedding , I be dirt . they 's 1l see . I can help they all out in the long run . a punk kid walk in front of benny 's Rover . he hit the horn . the kid flip he off . benny force be gather . force be gather . can not turn away . force be gather . ext . alley - night 28 Collins attempt to stand , he hand on the wall for balance . collin ughhhh - ughhhh - uhhhh . TI can not think . ughhhh - ughhhh ~- ughhh . TI need a drink , int . loft - night : 29 the loft blaze with candlelight and the wood stove 's grow flame . Mark and Roger continue to ignite the fire by rip out page from Mark 's screenplays . MARK ( read from script page ) '' the music ignites the night with passionate fire '' . he toss it into the flame . int . theater - night 30 flame continue to erupt from the sound equipment . joanne ( on pay phone ) Maureen , I be not a theater person . int . loft + night roger : ( read screenplay page ) '' the narration crackle and pop with incendiary wit '' . int . theater - night the fire grow . joanne panic , stomping out flame . joanne ( on pay phone ) could never be a theater person !!! int . loft - night Mark film he script burn . the title page go up in flame . it read : '' dedicate to maureen '' . MARK Zoom in as they burn the past to the ground , int . theater - night joanne continue stomping out flame . joanne ( on pay phone ) hello ? int . loft - night Roger and Mark warm themselves in front of the raging stove . roger/mark and feel the heat of the future 's glow . int . theater - night joanne ( on pay phone ) hello ? int . loft - night MARK ( answer phone ) hello , Maureen ? you equipment will not work . okay , tomorrow , I will go ! Mark hang up furiously . Roger look down at a old picture frame . Inside , be a fade photo of Roger and he old girlfriend , april . 38 11 roger/mark how do you leave the past behind when it keep find way to get to you heart ? Roger throw the photo out of the window . ext . loft - night 38 the picture frame hit the ground , . shatter . Mark and Roger climb out of they window , leap onto the fire escape . Mark be armed with he camera , Roger with he guitar . roger/mark it reach down deep and tear you inside out , ' till you be tear apart ! rent ! other tenant be exite the surround building , pour into the street . they be join force , they voice unite in song . Roger and Mark leap to the ground , join the other tenant . roger/mark / tenant how can you connect in a age where stranger , landlord , lover , you own blood cell betray ! the street be fill with tenant . they sing with passion , march together . benny 's Range Rover skid to a stop , in the middle of the street . benny get out , see Roger , Mark and other tenant move toward he from all direction . . tenant what bind the fabric together when the raging , shifting wind of change keep rip away ! the grow crowd close in on benny . he face they . benny draw a line in the sand and then make a stand ! Roger turn to Mark , who be filming . roger use you camera to spar ! MARK ( to Roger ) use you guitar ! the crowd of tenant and benny stand off . 12 tenant . when they act tough , you call they bluff ! roger/mark we be not gonna 's pay ! tenants hang from window , perch on fire escape , join in the song . voice grow louder . roger/mark / tenant we be not gonna 's pay ! tenants on rooftop , on street corner , join in , singing . roger/mark / tenant we be not gonna 's pay ! candlelight glow from window .. fire rage from garbage can . surround fire burn brighter , become stronger , rise with the tenant 's unify voice . roger /mark / tenant last year 's rent ! this year 's rent ! next 's year 's rent ! rent . rent . rent . rent . rent . rent . we be not gonna 's pay rent ! camera swoops upward , revealing the block , fill with sing tenant , illuminate by dance flame . the power of the voice reach its climax . roger /mark / tenant ' Cause everything be rent ! the song end . silence . the tenant , breathless , angry , cold , glare at benny . have take a stand , have make themselves hear , the tenant slowly turn away . they walk back to they apartment , go back inside . before turn away , mimi pause , catch Roger 's eye . they exchange a smile . mimi turn and walk back inside the loft . Roger turn back to face benny . Mark be right beside he . benny notice something from the corner of he eye . a homeless man lean on he Range Rover . benny hey , you ! bum ! get you ass off that Range Rover ! MARK that attitude toward the homeless be just what Maureen be protest . 13 benny Maureen be protest lose she performance space . not my attitude . roger her performance space happen to be home to a lot of people . Roger motion to the homeless gather in tent city . 's benny be unmove , very cool , very business - like . benny ( business - like ) look . my partner -- MARK you father - in-law . benny ( nod ) he own that lot and this building . he have a right to do with they as he please --- MARK ( sarcastic ) happy birthday , Jesus . benny I know I promise you the place for free , but my investor -- MARK you father-in-law . benny - ( annoyed ) he 's be let you guy slide , because you be my friend . roger so what happen ? benny he pick up the Village Voice , read about Maureen 's show . piss he off . so he send I here for the rent . MARK you be waste you time . roger we be break . MARK ( to benny ) you break you word . a long pause . benny 's voice soften . 14 benny remember what we use to dream about ? a place to do we work and get pay ? 's ( point to lot next door ) the future home of cyberart . a state of the art digital , virtual interactive studio . now that the block be re-zone , we dream can become a reality ... I / 11 forego you rent and on paper guarantee , that you can stay here for free . ( a pause ) if you do I one small favor , Roger and Mark wait for a answer . benny convince Maureen to cancel she protest on Saturday night . MARK why not just get a injunction a call the cop ? . benny I do .. they be on standby . but my investor would rather I haridle this quietly . roger you can not wipe out a entire tent City , then watch '' it 's a wonderful life '' . on tv ! benny ( passionate ) you want to produce film and write song ? you need somewhere to do it . ( a pause ) just stop Maureen 's protest . and you will have it make . you will see. ( threaten ) or you 's 1ll pack . benny turn , get into he car and drive off . roger what happen to benny ? what happen to he heart ? his ideal ? MARK sold . to the high bidder . Roger shrug , turn , go inside the loft . mark. turn to follow , pause , see something on the ground . the photo of Roger and April . the glass be 15 shattered , the frame be crack . the photo be slightly bruise , scratch . Mark pick up the frame , carry it inside . camera pan to : 39 ext . STREET in front of alley - night : 39 a homeless man with a tatter . green cap stand on the corner . a rusty coffee can sit at he foot . it contain a few coin , one crumpled dollar bill . people pass he . he 's sing . homeless man Christmas bell be ringing , Christmas bell be ringing , Christmas bell be ringing . no one be throw change into he can . homeless man somewhere else . not here . the homeless man pick up he coffee can , walk off . sitting a few foot away , on a staircase , be angel , who we meet at . the beginning of the film . angel get a good drumbeat go on he plastic tub , interrupt by the sound of a person moan in pain . angel stand , follow the sound into the alley . . °40 int . alley - night : : 40 Tom Collins be lie here , moan in pain : - he reach up to touch he head . a bruise . there 's blood . he hear a noise , footstep . he look up . collin 's Pov : blurry . a-shape approach . Collins cower , think he attacker be come back . but the figure walk into 's focus . it 's angel . he knéel in front of Collins , notice that Collins 's knee be scrape , bleed through he tear pants . angel you okay , honey ? collin ( focus ) yeah ... I think so . angel they get any money ? collin none to get . '' but they steal my coat ... he peel off he one tear , remain coat sleeve . he shout out , angrily , to he long go attacker . 16 collin hey ! you missed a sleeve ! angel take out a handkerchief , reach out to clean the blood from he head . Collins back off , but take the handkerchief . angel ( help Collins to he foot ) we should get you to the hospital . collin ( in pain ) no , I be -- uggghh . yeah . probably . he turn , face angel , who extend a hand . angel I be angel . collin angel ... ( they eye meet ) indeed . a angel of the first degree . Friends , call I Collins . Tom Collins . angel we need to hurry . I have get a '' life support '' meeting . collin life support ? angel ( nod ) this body provide a comfortable home , for the acquire immune deficiency syndrome . Collins be impressed by angel 's direct confession that he have HIV / aids . Collins warm . collin as do mine . angel we will get along fine . they exchange a glance , there 's a deep , intense attraction . Collins lift the handkerchief , wipe the blood from he forehead . angel take the handkerchief from Tom 's hand . angel let I . angel wipe the blood from Collins 's head . 41 42 43 17 int . loft - night . : 41 Roger be sit on the table , pick at he guitar . Mark be put on a coat to go out . MARK I be gonna 's check on Collins . wanna 's come ? maybe catch some dinner ? roger Zoom in on my empty wallet . . MARK touche 's . * ( softly ) take you azt . Roger nod , go back to he guitar . Mark exit . Roger turn , see the shattered photograph of himself and April , sit on the windowsill . he 's puzzle . how do that get back here ? Roger go back to play , sing ... roger I be write one great song before I ... he stand , frustrated , look back to the photo of April . angry , he grab he guitar and dash out of the room . ext . loft —- rooftop - night 42 the city light sparkle . it 's a beautifully clear , crisp New York night . Roger step outside , walk to the far end of the rooftop , stand dangerously close to the edge . he sit down , begin 's to play . camera move toward Roger , as he sing one song glory . roger one song . glory . one song . before I go . glory . one song to leave behind . find ’one song . one last refrain . glory . from the pretty boy front man , who waste opportunity . ( during the song , we intercut between the present and - the past : image of Roger sing on the rooftop and image from he relationship with he old . girlfriend , April ) int . cbgb 's - night ( the past ) . 43 Roger , onstage , perform with he band , in a smoky , pack rock club . Roger look healthier , stronger , happier . stand in the audience , be april . Rail thin , a rocker girl with short red hair , freckle and a tough attitude . 44 45 46 at 48 18 roger ( v.o. ) one song . he have the world at he foot . glory . in the eye of a young girl . a young girl . Roger see April from the stage , catch she eye . they connect , exchange a interested smile . int . cbgb - bar - later - night ( the past ) 44 Roger and April sit at the crowded bar , after he show . they be share drink . flirt . drink . laugh . roger ( v.o. ) find glory . Beyond the cheap color light . one song . before the sun set . int . subway - later - night ( the past ) 45 Roger and April continue they conversation on a move subway train , later that night . they sit close , very attract to each other . roger ( v.0 . ) glory . on another empty life . ext . lower manhattan - sunrise ( the past ) 46 Roger and April watch the sun rise over the Brooklyn Bridge . they share a small , tender kiss . they break apart for a moment , kiss again . longer . more passionate . roger time fly ... ext . loft - rooftop —- night ( the present ) 47 roger ... time die ! camera spin 360 degree around Roger as he sing passionately . the city light sparkle and blur behind he . roger glory . one blaze of glory . one blaze of glory . glory . ext . WASHINGTON square park - summertime - day ( the past ) 48 April busy a packet of white 's powder from a dealer , the man , a sinewy , greasy , sleazy dope dealer . Roger watch , wait , a few foot away . April pocket the drug , run up to Roger . they hurry off together , in each other 's arm . 49 50 51 52 53 roger ( v.o. ) find glory . in a song that ring true . Truth like a blaze fire . : int . loft ~ bedroom - night ( the past ) Roger and April make love . : roger ( v.0o . ) a eternal flame . int . alley - night ( the past ) a heavy rain . Roger and April shoot heroin beneath a fire escape . roger ( v.o. ) find one song . a song about love . glory . ~ int . cafe - autumn ( the past ) Roger sit alone at a table . now a junkie poster boy . gaunt , dark circle under he eye . April enter the café . her eye be red from cry . she. sit down , pass Roger a slip of paper . she break down cry . Roger read the paper : april wilson : HIV posiive . roger davis : HIV positive . fear cover Roger 's face . '' roger ( v.0 . ) from the soul . of a young man . a young man . ext , rooftop - night ( the present ) Roger continue to sing passionately . camera pan down the side of the building , to the window below . mimi sit here , listen . roger find the one song , before the virus take hold . glory . like a sunset . int . loft - hallway - night ( the past ) Roger walk down the hallway , toward a slightly ajar bathroom door . he slowly push . it open . April 's lifeless arm dangle over the side . a heavy stream of blood mingle with the bathwater , spilling over onto the floor . Roger back away , fall against the side of the wall , slide to the floor , bury he head in he hand . sob . roger ( v.0o . ) one song . to redeem this empty life . time fly . 19 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 20 ext . loft - rooftop - night ( the present ) 54 roger and then , no need to endure anymore . time die . the song end . Roger stand , walk back . inside the building . int , loft - hallway - night 55 Roger descend the stair , pass the fourth floor loft , down another flight , to he loft . the fourth floor loft door open . it 's mimi . she 's hold a light red candle . she watch Roger enter he apartment . mimi blow out she candle and follow Roger . int . roger and MARK 's loft - night 56 the candle have all go out . the fire be dead in the stove . the loft be illuminate by the magical blue moonlight . Roger enter , alone , place he guitar on the table . there 's a knock at the door . Roger reach out to answer it . light my candle begin . roger Mark ?... what have you forget ? Roger open the door . mimi stand there , hold up the candle . her hand be thin and cold . ~ : mimi get a light ? roger I know you . you be ... you be shiver . . mimi : it 's nothing . they turn off my heat . and I be just a little weak on my foot . would you light my candle ? ( a beat ) what be you stare at ? roger nothing . you hair in the moonlight . you look familiar . . Roger strike a match , light she candle . mimi start to leave , but stumble , a bit weak . roger can you make it ? mimi just have not eat much today . at least the room stop spin . anyway . be Roger be still stare . mimi what ? roger nothing . your. smile remind I of -- mimi . I always remind people of -- who be she ? roger , she die , - her name be April . Roger look away . mimi discreetly blow out the candle . mimi it 's out again . sorry about you friend . would you light my candle ? Roger light the candle again . they linger , awkwardly . roger well — - mimi yeah . ow ! roger oh . the wax . it 's -- mimi dripping ! I like it . between my -- roger finger . I figure . oh , well . goodnight . mimi exit . Roger head back toward he guitar on the table . there be another knock . Roger answer . roger it blow out again ? mimi no . I think that I drop my stash . roger I know I have see you out and about . when I use to ’go out . you candle 's out . mimi I be illin’ . I have it when I walk in the door , it be pure . be it on the floor ? mimi get down on.all. four and start search on the. floor for she stash , she look back to Roger , who be stare at she again . mime they say I have the best ass below 14 % Street . be it true ? roger what ? mimi you be stare again . roger - oh , no . I mean you do ... have a nice ... I mean ... you look familiar . mimi . like you dead girlfriend . _ roger only when you smile . but I be sure I have see you somewhere else . , . mimi do you go to the cat scratch Club ? that 's where I work . I dance , help I look . roger yes ! they use to tie you up . mimi tte 's a live . mimi douse the flame again . roger I do not recognize you without the handcuffs . mim ? we could light the candle . oh , win /ot you light the candle ? Roger light it again . roger why do not you forget that stuff ? you look like you be sixteen . mimi I be nineteen . but I be old for my age . I be just bear to be bad . 22 23 roger I once be bear to be bad . I use to shiver like that . mimi I have no heat . I tell you . roger ' I use to sweat . mimi I get a cold . roger uh-huh . I use to be a junkie . mimi but now and then I like to --- roger uh-huh . mimi feel good . roger oh , here it -—- um -- Roger find a small bag of crack cocaine . - mimi 's stash . mimi what 's that ? roger candy bar wrapper . Roger put the stash behind he back , into he pocket . mimi we could light the candle . Roger discreetly blow out the candle . mimi what have you do with my candle ? roger that be my last match . mimi we eye 'il adjust . thank God for the moon , 24 roger . maybe it 's not the moon at all . TI hear spike Lee 's shoot down the street . mimi bah humbug . bah humbug . - mimi place she hand under he , pretend to do it by mistake . roger '' cold hand . mimi your too . big. like my Father 's . you wanna 's dance ? roger with you ? mimi no. with my Father . roger I be Roger . mimi they call I .. they call I ... mimi , they come extremely close to a kiss . mimi reach into he pocket , nab the stash and make a sexy exit . Roger smile to himself . he like this girl . then , reality set in . his smile fade . his face turn hard , empty . he 's resign to he fate . he turn , walk back to the table and pick up he guitar . dissolve to : 57 ext . new york CITY - the lower east : side - the next morning ~ day 87 establish shot . a cold , crisp sunny day . 58 int . loft ~ day 58 the loft be bath in magical shaft of light from the tall , . dirty window . Roger stagger into the kitchen , still freezing . he give a kick to the radiator . . it. still be not work . Mark enter , rub the sleep from he eye . he open the refrigerator . there 's a light . MARK we get power . roger merry Christmas . 59 25 Mark search the cupboard , find a coffee can . he tear off a page from a Village Voice , form it into -a filter for the rusted Mr. coffee machine . he open the coffee can , begin to pour the . content into the filter . less than a teaspoon . Mark sigh , frustrated . the phone ring . the answer machine pick up : speak ! mark mom ( v.0 . ) Mark ? be you there ? be you screen you call ? it 's Mom . Mark grimace . Roger turn , notice something outside . a envelope , on a string , be be lower in front of . the. window . mark mom ( v.0 . ) : just want to call and say we love you . we will miss you today . Cindy and the kid be here , send they love . I hope you like the hot plate . just do not leave it on when you leave the house . Roger open the window , take the envelope . his name be handwritten on the front . he open the envelope . written on a slip of paper , be : X -ma brunch ? come on up . mimi . Roger be tear . he desperately want to go ... marr 's S : mom ( v.o. ) oh , Mark , and - we be sorry to hear that Maureen dumped you . I say C ’est le vie . so let she bea lesbian . there be other fishies in the sea . beep ! the red light blink . Mark sigh , look to Roger . MARK every now and then , when we be really dirt break , hungry and freezing , I ask myself what the hell be I do here ? then , they call . and I remember . nootice the envelope ) what 's that ? roger the girl upstairs . it 's nothing . Roger pick up a pencil , scrawl a response on the letter , put it back into the envelope and place it back outside . ext . mimi 's loft - mimi 's window - day : 59 hopeful , mimi pull the envelope up to she window . she. read Roger 's response : can not. busy . mimi 's face fill with disappointment . 26 60 int . boy 's loft - day 60 Roger close the window . Mark be very intrigue about the note . MARK girl upstairs ? . the dancer ? from , the cat scratch Club ? 's the loft door open . Tom Collins enter , a bandage on he head , a few bruise . under one arm , he carry angel 's pickle tub , fill with provision . the other arm hold a cord of firewood . the boy excitedly run to Collins , embrace he . roger Collins ! Collins give Mark the small leather pouch . collin you key . MARK fourteen hour later . ( notice bruise ) what happen to you ? 's be you alright ? collin ( grin ) never be better . Collins dump out the content of angel 's tub onto the table . café bustelo . Fresh bananas . Captain crunch . marlboros . stoli . the boy . ' pick up the goody , ecstatic . MARK a Christmas feast ! Collins give Roger the firewood , which immediately get dumped into the illegal wood burn stove . Roger turn to Collins . roger you strike gold at m.i.t .? collin . no . they expell I for my theory of actual reality , which I ’1l1 soon impart to the couch potato at New York University . MARK then , where do you get this stuff ? Collins stand regal , make a announcement . ' today 4 U begin . 27 collin gentlemen , we benefactor on this Christmas Day , whose charity be only match by talent , I must say . a new member of the alphabet City avant garde ... angel dumott schunard ! angel . sashays in , gorgeously do up in full Santa Claus drag , with a fan of twenty dollar bill in each hand . -angel today for you , tomorrow for I . today for you , tomorrow for I . angel hand each of the boy some cash . collin and you should hear she beat ! MARK you earn this . on the street ? angel begin to dance around the loft , tell she story . angel it be my lucky day today on Avenue . a , when a lady in a limousine drive my way . she say , '' dahling , be a dear . have not sleep ina year . I need you help to make my neighbor 's yappy dog disappear . this akita , evita , just will not shut up . I believe if you play non-stop . that pup ; will breathe its very last high strung breath . I be certain that cur will bark itself to death . '' angel continue to wildly dance around the apartment . | the boy be take with she incredible energy . : angel today for you , tomorrow for I . today for you , tomorrow for I . angel beat on the pickle tub , then hand it to Mark , who continue drum on the tub . angel we agree on a fee , a thousand dollar guarantee , tax free . and a bonus if I trim she tree . now who could foretell that it have go so. well , but sure as I be here , that dog be now in doggy hell . after a hour , evita , in all of she glory on the window ledge of that 23 '' story . 28 angel ( cont ’d ) like theima and lousie do when they get the blue , swan dove into the courtyard of the Gracie mews . the boy double over with laughter . angel continue she performance . . angel ; today for you , tomorrow for I . today for you , tomorrow for I . angel whip out a pair of drumstick from she belt . she do a fabulous drum and dance solo , throughout the loft . angel ( to Collins ) back on the street where I meet my sweet , where he be moan and groan on the cold concrete , the nurse take he home for some mercurochrome , and I dress he wound and get he back on he foot . the boy be now - on they foot , join in angel 's infectious , celebratory dance number . angel sing it ! today for you , tomorrow for I . today for you , tomorrow for I ! TI say ... today for you , tomorrow for I ! today for you , tomorrow ... whoa , oohhh ... for I ! the boy applaud . angel hold she hand up in the air and bow . Roger and Mark walk up to she . each take a hand . and kiss . the phone ring . speak !!! maureen ( v.o. ) Mark ! I need you at the theater ! the new equipment 's just arrive -- Mark pick up the telephone . he 's obviously still smitten with she . MARK Maureen . hi. yeah . I be on my way . see you there . Mark hang up , furious , turn to Roger and Collins . MARK can you believe Maureen 's nerve ?!? she dump I for some attorney name joanne , then ask I to fix she sound equipment ?!? collin you could have say no . 29 MARK ( mumble ) well , yeah . but --- roger ( to Collins ) he 's still in love with she . MARK ( phony laugh ) yeah . right . no way . Roger and Collins just smile , stare knowingly at Mark . . MARK ( defensive ) hey . it 's Christmas day . the girl need a little support . . collin ( to angel ) which remind I , we have a appointment . anyone who want can come along . roger where ? angel life support meeting . roger on Christmas ? angel some people do not have anywhere else to go today . they look at each other knowingly . no shit . angel extend she hand to Roger . . . angel come on . roger I will pass . angel life support 's a. group for people cope with life . you do not have to stay . too long . roger I be not much company . collin Mark ? MARK ( raise he camera ) could I shoot some film ? 61 30 Collins and angel exchange a shrug , should not be a problem . MARK okay . meet you there . first , I have get a protest to save . Mark put on he coat , exit . Collins and Roger exchange a smile . int . theater - day 61 Mark enter , walk to the stage , begin to work on the sound equipment . he hear footstep , see the silhouette of a woman . MARK Maureen ? but it 's joanne , who step into . the light . MARK ( stand ) oh. hi. Maureen call I to fix the equipment -- joanne ( uncomfortable ) you be Mark ? MARK ( nod , dawns on he ) joanne ? she nod , there 's a uncomfortable silence . MARK Maureen say she would be here . joanne do not hold you breath . MARK typical . joanne I tell she not to call you . MARK ( awkward ) yeah . well . can I help ? since I be here ~ - joanne t-hire a engineer . MARK great . well , nice to have meet you . Mark turn to leave . joanne pause , call out . Mark turn walk back ( camera cut between MARK and joanne 's sing onstage and image from joanne he 's three hour late . back . the open chord of tango : maureen begin . Mark to the equipment , begin fiddling with the connection . joanne the sample will not delay . but the cable --- MARK there 's another way . say something . anything . joanne ( take microphone ) test . one , two three ... MARK anything but that . joanne . this be weird . : - MARK tt 's weird . joanne very weird . MARK fuckin 's weird . . : joanne I be so mad that I do not know what to do . Fighting with microphone , freezing down to my bone . and to top it all off , I be with you . MARK feel like go insane ? get a fire in you brain ? and you be think of drink gasoline ? joanne as a matter of fact --- '' MARK honey , I know this act . it 's call the tango Maureen , they relationship with Maureen . ) 62 63 64 65 32 close -up : maureen johnson . . . 62 smiling , blow kiss at the audience . she 's whimsical , gorgeous , a self - obsessed diva , insane with she own freedom . camera pull back . we see that Mark be filming Maureen , do a interpretive dance in the Central Park band shell . MARK ( v.0 . ) . the tango Maureen ! it 's a dark , dizzy merry - go-round . as she keep you dangle . joanne ( v.0 . ) you be wrong . MARK ( v.0 . ) you be heart she be mangle . Mark put down he camera , kiss Maureen . int , theater - day : 63 joanne it 's different with I . MARK and you toss and you turn ' cause you cold eye can burn , yet you yearn and you churn and rebound . , joanne I think I know what you mean . both the tango Maureen ! . MARK have she ever poute she lip and call you ... . int . MARK 's bedroom - night 64 Maureen and Mark be make love . Maureen look into Mark 's eye , she mouth the word ... . MARK ( v.0 . } '' pookie , '' int . theater — day 65 joanne ( v.0 . ) } never . 66 67 68 69 ext . lower east side - cafe ~ day Mark and Maureen sit at a outside table . they lean across the table and kiss . Mark 's eye be close . mauréen 's be not . camera pan to she Pov . she 's check out a gorgeous girl , crossing the street . MARK ( v.o. ) . have you ever doubted a kiss or two ? : ' camera pan back to ' the same table , only now Maureen be now kissing joanne , who stop the kiss , to see what Maureen be look at . joanne ( v.o. ) this be spooky . int . theater - day joanne ( worried ) do you swoon when she walk through the door ? MARK every time . so be-cautious . int . life 'cafe - night Mark be at the bar , shell shocked , watch something from he barstool . camera pan to the dance floor . Maureen be just grind as she dance with another guy . joanne ( v.0 . ) do she moon over other boy ? ~ MARK ( v.0o . ) more than moon , camera pan back to the barstool , but it 's joanne who sit here , watch Maureen with the other guy . joanne ( v.0o . ) I be get nauseous . int . theater — day joanne and Mark begin a dignify tango , with Mark lead . MARK where have you learn to . tango ? - joanne with the french ambassador 's daughter in she dorm room at miss porter 's . and you ? 33 66 67 68 69 34 MARK with nanette himmelfarb , the rabbi 's daughter , at the scarsdale jewish Community Center . they switch and joanne lead , dip Mark . _ MARK it 's hard to do this backward . joanne you should try it in heel . 70 joanne drop Mark to the floor .. the entire room transform into 710 a elegant ballroom . Mark be in a black tux and tail , joanne in a silver evening gown . they be surround by several couple , all dress in black and silver , do the tango . maureen enter , in a bright red evening gown . she dance from couple to couple , change partner every few.step . joanne she cheat ! MARK she cheat . joanne Maureen cheat , MARK fuckin 's cheat . joanne I be defeat . I should give up right now . MARK gotta 's look on the bright side with . all of you might . at that point , joanne step in , dance with Maureen . joanne I have fall for she still anyhow . Maureen turn , dance with Mark , then back with joanne , back with Mark , dance back and forth between the two . both when you be dance she dance you do not stand a chance . her grip on romance make you fall . 71 35 MARK so you think might as well ... joanne ... dance a tango to hell . both at least I will have tangoed at all . Maureen leave they both to join the other dancer , continue to switch partner . Mark and joanne shrug , go back to - they own exuberant tango . both the. tango Maureen . gotta 's dance till you diva be through . you pretend to believe she ' cause in the end you can not leave she . Maureen move to the exit , dance she way through countless partner . both but the end it . will come . still , you have to play dumb , till you be glum and you bum and turn blue . Maureen dance toward the door , with two final partner , a handsome man and a beautiful woman . . MARK why do we love when she 's mean ? Maureen share a passionate kiss with the man , then turn , share another with the woman , before exite with they both . joanne - and she can be so obscene ... back to reality , inside the theater . Mark and joanne be alone , 71 back in street clothes . Mark fiddle with the PA system , give ~ the microphone to joanne . MARK try the mike . . joanne ( digital delay ) my Maureen ( een , een , een , een ) MARK you be patch . joanne thanks . MARK you know ? JI feel great now . 72 73 36 joanne I feel lousy . the pay phone ring . joanne answer . joanne hi , honey , we be ... , pookie ?!? you never call I pookie . forget it . , we be patch . - she hang up , look at Mark . both the tango Maureen ! ext . lower east side elementary school - later — day 72 we hear the open note of life support . Mark , carry he bolex camera , run up to the building , read a sign on the door : aids life support group . meeting today . music room . Mark hurriedly enter . int , music classroom - day 73 during the school year , this be a music classroom for 's child . theix drawing hang on the wall , kid 's impression of life in the city . a group of people be gather here . they have nothing in common except HIV . different age . gender . race . a different person state they name as each take he or she seat in a semi-circle . steve Steve . gordon Gordon . ali Ali . pam Pam . sue Sue . angel hi ... ifm angel . collin Tom ... Collins , paul , the group leader , take he place at the open in the circle . paul . I be Paul . let 's begin . 37 everyone begin to sing , a beautiful choral number . life support group there 's only we . there 's only this ... the door bang open . it 's Mark , interrupt the song . lo MARK sorry ... Excuse I ... oop . paul and you be ? MARK ( nervously ) oh , I be not ... I be - just here to ... I do not have ... I be here with , ummm ... mark. mark. I be Mark ! well , this be quite a operation . Mark hold up he camera , here to film - this . Paul nod . Mark set up he camera in the corner , and begin filming . . paul make yourself comfortable , Mark : we’1ll - continue the affirmation . '' life support group forget regret , or life be yours to miss . gordon , a man in he late twenty , stand . gordon Excuse I , Paul . I be have a problem with this .... this credo . my t- cell be low . I regret that news , okay ? paul all right . but Gordon ... how do you feel today ? . gordon ( shrug ) alright . okay . paul be that all ? gordon best I have feel all year . paul then why choose fear ? gordon I be a New Yorker . fear 's my life . 74 75 38 Mark smile . Gordon begin to sing a beautiful , sad melody . gordon look , . I find some of what you teach suspect , because I be use to rely on intellect . but I try to open up to what I do not know . in Mark 's Pov , Gordon 's face morph into Roger for the next line . roger / gordon because reason say I should have die three year ago . Roger 's face fade back into Gordon . everyone join in . life support group no other road . no other way . no day but today . Mark , visibly move , exchange a look with Collins . int . loft ~ later - night 74 Roger sit at he spot on the table , work on a song . the door burst open . Mark enter , flanke by a determine angel and Collins . they move toward Roger . Mark take away Roger 's guitar . angel and Collins each grab one arm and puil Roger to the door . roger hey . 's wait a -- what be you do ?!? collin take you to dinner . roger ( struggle ) guy . no . I do not feel like --- MARK you need to get out . they drag he out the door , ext . cat scratch club - the east village - night 75 Bright neon light spell out the Club 's name . angel , Mark ' and Collins pull a reluctant Roger to the front door . Roger pause , give a puzzle look to the marquee . roger . since when do they serve food here ? no one respond , drag Roger inside . .- 76 39 int . cat scratch club - night 716 a smoky room , crowded with a mostly male clientele , and girl , girl , girl . handcuffs . leather . whip . the dancer be pepper throughout the crowd , con desperate man into buy drink . Collins , Roger , Mark 's and angel take a seat at the front of the runway . ' A. middle age businessman , sit near they , make eye at angel , think angel be 'a woman . angel flirt right back . from behind the stage , a curtain open slightly . mimi peer out . from behind the curtain , dress in a kimono and heavy make - up , about to go onstage . she catch Collins 's eye . they exchange a nod . Collins whisper something to angel , who excuse herself from the table . Roger have not see any of this , but notice angel leave the table . roger what 's go on ? collin a Christmas present . all for you . just sit back . and enjoy . Roger be confuse . the light go out . the hard , raging guitar lick of out tonight begin . the stage curtain OPEN . a huge scaffold be set up onstage , resembling a abstract fire escape . gorgeous metal and faux brick . a spotlight hit the top of the scaffold . mimi , dress in a kimono , step into the spotlight . the audience go crazy . Roger get up to leave . Collins and Mark stop he . mimi whip off the kimono . she 's dress entirely in tight blue leather . she begin to sing , she body slinking in and out of the scaffold . mimi what 's the time ? well it 's gotta 's be close to midnight . my body 's talk to I . it say , '' it 's time for danger '' . mimi be tough , edgy and incredibly sexy . she rule this stage . mimi it say , '' I wanna commit a crime . wanna be the cause of a fight . wanna put ona tight . skirt and flirt with a stranger . mimi start groove down the stair . she undoe she hair clip . her brown hair fall . she shake glitter out of it . it fill the smoky air of the club . Roger : find himself watch , reluctant . mimi ( cont would ) I have have a knack from way back at break the rule once I learn the game . get up - life 's too quick . 40 mimi stride the cat walk . all leg . silhouette . mimi I know someplace sick where this chick 'il dance in the flame . mimi begin to walk forward . several other dancers appear on the scaffold , dance in synch with Mini . she move toward Roger , she eye fix on he . . mimi we do not need any money . I always get in for free , you can get in too if you get in with I . let 's go ... mimi walk up to Roger . sing and dance for he . mimi out tonight ! I have to go out tonight ! you wanna play ? let 's run away . we will not be back until after Christmas day . take I out tonight ! she move she face to within - a inch of Roger 's , bring she lip centimeter from he . mimi ( sexy ) meow . Roger do not flinch . he 's stone . all the man laugh and cheer . mimi turn , move back to the other dancer . mimi when I get a wink from a doorman , do you know how lucky you will be ? that you be on the line with the feline of Avenue B ? mimi join the other dancer , move together in unison . she never - take she eye off of Roger . mimi let 's go out tonight ! I have to go out tonight . you wanna 's prowl ? be my night owl ? well take my hand . we be gonna 's howl . out tonight ! . the light go dark . spotlight only on mimi . mimi in the evening I have get to roam . can not sleep in this city of neon and chrome . feel too damn much like home when the Spanish baby cry ! 77 Al " mimi ( cont ’d ) ( angry , fearless ) so , let 's find a bar so dark we forget who we be , and all the scar from the never and maybe die ! Bright stage light ... one of the dancer step up , join mimi in the song . it "s angel , dress in a identical leather outfit . : they perform together , the other dancer behind they . mimi sing and dance for Roger , angel do the same for Collins . mimi / angel let 's go out tonight ! have to go out tonight . . you be sweet , wanna 's hit the street ? wanna 's wail at the moon like a cat in heat ? just take mé out tonight . the audience be on they foot , cheer . Roger storm off , beyond angry . mimi / angel please take I out tonight ! mimi and angel grind dance . the crowd go crazy . mimi / angel do not forsake I ! out. tonight ! mimi and angél throw off they leather . all bra and panty . mimi / angel I 'il let you make I ! out tonight ! the businessman be die for angel . mimi / angel tonight ! tonight ! mimi and angel whip off they bras . we see they from behind . two bare back lady . mimi / angel tonight ! the song end . the place erupt with thunderous cheer and applause . a few of the man stop applaud ... they look at angel . no chest . and. a bulge in the panty . the businessman look shocked . angel wink at he . mimi look to the back of the club . Roger exit . ext . loft - later - night 77 mimi , angel , Collins and Mark arrive at the loft entrance . they look up to the third floor . we hear the distant sound of Roger 's angry guitar . mimi look to the other . 78 42 mimi ifll go . they agree , wait out on the street . mimi enter . int . loft ~ night . 78 Roger angrily strum out a rock riff on he guitar . mimi enter . mimi Roger . look --- Roger turn to she . he be upset , and vulnerable . he want to tell she it 's nothing personal , that he like she . he want to confess about he HIV and April . but it 's too much . another day begin . roger who do you think you be ? barge in on I and my guitar ? Little girl , hey ... the door be that way . you better go , you know . . the fire 's out anyway . take you powder , take you candle . you sweet whisper , I just can not handle , well , take you hair in the moonlight . you brown eye . Goodbye , goodnight . Roger ' point for she to walk the other way . it 's rough . mimi flinch , but do not back down . Roger turn away from she , wrestle with he desire to be honest with mimi . roger I should tell you . I should tell you . I should tell you . JI should ... no ! he turn back , keep he angry front . roger another time . another place . we temperature would climb . there have be a long embrace . we would do . another dance , it have be another play . look for romance ? come back another day . another day . mimi slowly step toward he , sing gently , move closer , closer ... mimi the heart may freeze , or it can burn . the pain will ease , if I can learn , there be no future , there be no past . I live this moment as my last . there 's only we . tfhere 's only this . forget regret , or life be yours to miss . no other road . no other way . no day but today . 43 mimi try to touch Roger . he recoil , push mimi out the door . 79 xint . hallway - night 79 Roger sing angrily , walk toward mimi . she back away from he , as they move down the stair . roger Excuse I if I be off track , but if you be so wise , then tell I why do you need smack ? take you needle . take you fancy prayer . . and do not forget ... get the moonlight out of you hair . Long ago , you might have light up my heart . but the fire 's dead . ai not never gonna start . they continue to descend the stair , Roger walk toward mimi . roger another time . another place . the word would only rhyme . we have be in outer space . it have be another song , we would sing another way . you wanna ' prove I wrong ? ' come back another day . they arrive at the bottom of the stair . Roger push mimi outside . 80 ext . loft - night | , 80 Roger stand at the entrance , glaring at mimi . roger | another day . mimi - there 's only we . only tonight . we must let go . to know what 's right . no other course . no other way . no day but today . mimi turn , join Collins , angel and Mark across the street . they melody begin to trade off with Roger 's , push each other . mimi / angel / collin / MARK — roger I can not control Control you temper . my destiny . she do not see . see that angel , Collins and Mark have sided with mimi , Roger 's anger return . he stare they all down ... they sing at each other . 44 mimi / angel / collin / MARK roger I trust my soul . . ° - who say that there 's a soul ? my only goal , be just to be . just let I be , there 's only now . . who do you think you be ? there 's only here . barge in .on I and give in to love . . my guitar . or live in fear . Little girl , hey ... no other path . the door be that way . no other way . mimi break off from the other , face Roger . mimi no day but today . roger the fire 's out anyway . the song be building , grow in power . mimi / angel / collin / MARK no day but today . roger take you powder , take you candle . mimi / angel / collin / MARK no day but today . : roger take you brown eye , you pretty smile , you silhouette . mimi / angel / collin / MARK no day but today . roger another time , another place . another rhyme . a warm embrace . mimi / angel / collin / MARK no day but today . roger : another dance . another way . another chance . another day . Roger turn from they . they reach out . mimi / angel / collin / MARK no day but today . 81 82 45 the song climax , fade . Roger look back to mimi . '' he pause , sigh , and turn away . he go back inside the loft . tear fill mimi 's eye . she embrace angel . ext . new york CITY .- day 81 the day after Christmas . , establish shot . various shot of the East Village . int , loft - day 82 Roger be perch in the window , drink a cup of coffee . in the background , Mark be put on a coat and scarf . the phone ring . the answer machine pick it up : speak ! Roger and Mark make no move to pick up the phone . benny ( v.0 . ) mark. Roger . you have still get a few hour to stop Maureen 's protest . my offer expire after dark . benny hang up . Mark shrug , wrap the scarf around he neck , pick up he bolex camera . he be about to leave , then turn . back to Roger . MARK look . about last night --- roger I do not want to talk about it . MARK mimi 's a amazing girl , Roger . and you just push she away . roger ( pause , soften ) I get mad . I have to get she out of my sight . MARK she 'il be at Maureen 's show tonight . you should come , too . ( tender ) I have hate to see you pass up something that could be great for you ... you 'il only regret it . roger . ( harden ) I 'il live . MARK but for how long ? 83 84 85 86 46 they .exchange a glance . Mark exit . Roger strike a chord on he guitar , begin sing ... roger I be write one great song , before I ... int . music classroom -. later - ' day 83 the life support Group meet again . angel and Collins be here , along with the other from yesterday . Mark be filming . one of the member , steve , stand , will I lose my dignity begin . ( the song be do in one continuous shot ) . steve will I lose my dignity ? will someone care ? will I wake tomorrow from this nightmare ? camera pan to the window , travel outside , swoop down to : ext . the park - day 84 runaways and homele folk .are begging for change . the junky cop dope from the man . the support group 's sing be hear . all ( v.0o . ) } will I lose my dignity ? will someone care ? will I wake tomorrow from this nightmare ? camera pan away , to the front of Roger and Mark 's loft , swoops to the third floor window : ext , / int . loft - day 85 Roger take he azt . the life support Group can be hear in the background , voice grow stronger , harmonize with each verse . roger will I lose my dignity ? will someone care ? . will I wake tomorrow from this nightmare ? camera pan down to the loft entrance , to : ext . loft / STREET — day 86 mimi exit the loft , walk along the street , alone , sing . mimi will I lose my dignity ? will someone care ? will I wake tomorrow from this nightmare ? mimi exit , camera pan across the street , dolly to : 87 88 89 47 ext . bus stop - day 87 one couple . a man help he lover who be sick , thin , walk with a cane . the : support group 's sing play over the image . all ( v.0o . ) will I losé my dignity ? will someone care ? . will I wake tomorrow from this nightmare ? camera pan away , across the street , toward the elementary school , dolly inside , back : . int . elementary school - day . 88 the life support Group stand together , all sing . camera pan they face . Gordon . steve. angel. Collins . Mark continue to film . the song build into its finale , a gorgeous melting pot of voice . all will I lose my dignity ? will someone care ? will I lose my dignity ? will someone care ? the song end . Mark , visibly move , turn off the camera . click . ext . elementary school - east village STREET — day 89 a harsh wind blow . it 's freezing . Mark , angel and Collins exit the school , surprised to find Roger , stand here , wait for they . MARK Roger ? roger ( shrug , tentative ) want to get some air . hang out . maybe catch Maureen 's show later . they exchange a smile , Collins hug Roger , all happy to see that he 's make progress , out . of the house . a homeless woman , cover with blanket , sleep on a nearby bench . two police officer approach the woman , one . poke she with a nightstick . the homeless woman stagger to she foot . Mark raise he bolex , begin to film the cop and the homeless woman . '' MARK / smile for Ted koppel , officer . . the cop turn and walk away . the homeless woman glare at Mark . blanket woman who the fuck do you think you be ? I do not need no goddamn help from some bleed heart cameraman ! my life 's not ' for you to make a name for yourself on ! 90 91 48 angel ( step in ) easy , sugar . easy . he be just try to -- blanket woman just try to use I to kill he guilt . ( back to Mark , yell ) it 's not that kind of movie , honey . this place be fill with mother - fuck artist . hey , artist .... you get a dollar ? Mark shake he head , sadly . blanket woman do not think so . the blanket woman leave with she kid . Roger turn to the other . roger ( ironic ) so this be what I have be miss . they exchange a smile , walk off down the street . ext , subway entrance - day 90 angel , Mark , Roger and Collins walk toward the subway entrance . the open chord of santa fe be . hear . angel and Collins begin : to sing . angel New York City . collin uh-huh . angel Center of the Universe . collin sing it girl . they step over a junkie , sleep at the subway entrance . angel Times be shitty . but I be pretty sure they can not get worse . roger I hear you . they enter the subway , move down the stair . int . moving subway train - day 91 drunk , whore , junky , nyu kid , businessman , stockbroker , ride the cramped , dirty train , along with angel , Collins ; Mark and Roger . 49 the passenger be in that - post - Christmas New York funk . tire , pale and depressed , they ignore each other , keep to themselves , read they newspaper , drink they pint , sleep off a buzz . angel it 's a comfort to know when you be sing the hit the road blue ... that anywhere else you could possibly go after New York would be ... the train hit a bump , lurch forward . a drunk spill half he pint of gin on angel 's skitt . she sigh , turn to Mark and Collins . angel a pleasure cruise . collin now you be talk . Collins stand , begin to pace through the ’train . many of the passenger be listen . angel pull out he stick , drum on the train seat , keep the beat along with Collins 's sing . collin well , I be thwart by a metaphysic puzzle . and I be sick of write papers , that I know . and I be shouting in my sleep ; I need a muzzle . all this misery pay no salary , so ... Collins walk to the subway window , peer out . magically , the tenement building and dark , dingy subway tunnel transform into the majestic landscape of Santa Fe . the subway train be bath in golden light . the passenger begin to notice the change , stare in awe at the glorious sight that pass by they . Collins turn to he friend . collin . let 's open up a restaurant in Santa Fe . oh , sunny Santa Fe would be nice . let 's open up a restaurant in Santa Fe . and leave this to the roach and mouse . oh - oh ... all oh ~- : Collins 's voice find a rich pocket . as angel , Mark , Roger and a few of the subway passenger begin to harmonize , dream of better day . angel you teach . 50 collin I teach . Computer age philosophy . but my student would rather watch tv . angel America . all a America ! Collins walk ' through the train , sing to everyone , collin you be a sensitive aesthete , brush the sauce onto the meat . you could make the menu sparkle with rhyme . you could drum a gentle drum . I could seat guest as they come . chatt not about heidegger , but wine . everyone join Collins , catch up in the Spirit of the dream . collin let 's open up a restaurant in Santa Fe . we labor would reap financial gain . three stockbroker gain , gain , gain . collin we will open up a restaurant in Santa Fe , and save from devastation we brain . three junkies save we brain . Collins grab angel 's hand , dance with he as the entire train now join force to sing . the landscape of Santa Fe fill the window . collin / all we will pack up all we junk and fly so far away . devote ourselves to project that sell . we will open up a restaurant in Santa fe. forget this cold bohemian hell . oh , oh ... . as the’ song wind down , Collins walk up to the train conductor . collin do you know the way to Santa Fe ? you know , tumbleweed , prairie dog ... yeah . angel end the song with a snap of the drumstick . 92 sl the golden light fade from the train , réplace by the cool , green fluorescent subway lighting . outside , the landscape of Santa Fe have '' be replace by the WASHINGTON square subway station . the passenger have return to the reality of they tired , cold , dreary life . ext . east village - later —- night . 92 angel , Collins , Mark and Roger exit the subway . . MARK ( check watch ) I be late for Maureen 's sound check . ( pull Roger ) C ’mon . you can help . ( to angel and Collins ) see you there . Mark and Roger run off .. angel and Collins be leave alone , walk arm in arm through the New York street . i’ll cover you begin . angel live in my house , I 'il be you shelter . just pay I back , with one thousand kiss , be my lover . i’1l cover you . collin open 's you door , I 'il be you tenant . do not get much baggage , to lay at you foot . but sweet kiss I have get to spare . I will be there . I will cover you . both I think they mean it , when they say you can not buy love . now I know you can rent it . a new lease you be , my . love , on life . be my life . they do a short dance . both . just slip I on , I will be you blanket . wherever , whatever . i’1ll be you coat . angel you will be my king . and I will be you castle . . collin no , you will be my queen . and I 'il be you moat . 93 §2 both I think they mean it , when they say you can not . buy love . now I know you can rent it . a new lease you be , my love , on life . all my life . I have long to discover , something as true as this be , collin : angel so with a thousand sweet kiss , if you be cold and you be I will cover you . : lonely . with a thousand sweet kiss , you have get one nickel T will cover you . only . with a thousand sweet kiss . when you be wear out and tired . I will cover you . with a thousand sweet kiss . when you heart have expire . I will cover you . both oh lover , I will cover you ! 0h , lover , I will cover you ! the song end . they share a kiss , run off down the street . ext . tent CITY / theater - moment later - night 93 hundred of people gather for Maureen 's show . homeless . tenants . College student . protester . Little kid , dozen of police in riot gear . fire burn in the trash can , keep the crowd warm , casting ribbon of smoke through the lot . the theater door and window be wide open , make the performance accessible for that outside in the abandon lot . Mark , onstage , do a last minute sound check . joanne stand over he , check she . watch . angel and Collins arrive , join Roger . benny stand in the corner of the theater , with he investor and father - in- law , mr. grey . Roger turn , see mimi across the street , in the park . she be buy smack from she dealer , the -man . Roger walk up , pull mimi. aside . roger hey . mimi hey . roger look , I just want to say ... I be sorry for the way --- mimi forget it . 53 roger I be outta’ line . can I make ' it up to you ? mimi how ? ' roger a dinner party . at the life café . after Maureen 's show . mimi sure . I have like that . they exchange a smile . the man walk up , shove Roger . the man hey , lover - boy . you steal my client , you die . roger ( angrily shove back ) you do not miss I . you will not miss she . you 'il never lack for customer . the man back off , intimidate by Roger 's anger . Roger take mimi 's hand , pull she across the street , back into the theater . . Maureen stand at the corner of the stage , ready to go on . she 's tremble , nervous . joanne massage she shoulder , Maureen take a deep breath , step onstage . the audience see Maureen . they applause and cheer soar to a deafen level . Maureen raise she hand . the stage go black . people look around in anticipation . Police speak on walkie talky . suddenly , light blast on . the stage be bath ina bright glow . - a huge metal sculpture of a Christmas tree adorn the back of the stage . Mark excitedly begin to film . Maureen step to the microphone . maureen . last night , I have this dream . I find myself in a desert call cyberland , ft be hot . my canteen have sprung a leak , and I be thirsty . out of the abyss walk a cow . elsie . '' I be forbidden to produce ... ( grab she breast ) +.- milk , '' she say , '' in cyberland , we only drink ... Maureen move to a special microphone , tape red . maureen -.. diet Coke '' . 54 the microphone throw the word in reverb . '' diet Coke , diet Coke , diet ... '' the audience cheer and applaud with tremendous enthusiasm . benny exchange a worried look with he investor and Father - in- Law , Mr. grey , who be slowly fume . maureen she say , '' the only thing to do be jump over the moon '' . they have close everything real down .. barn , trough and performance space ! and replace it ali with lie and rule and virtual life . special microphone . the reverb : life , life , life , life ... maureen and there 's only one way out ... on the back of the stage , three backup singers appear . three backup singers heap of faith , Leap of faith . leap of faith . Leap of faith . maureen only thing to do be jump over the moon . only thing to do be jump over the moon . only thing to do be jump over the moon . the crowd be with she , start to sing along . mimi , angel and Collins be sing . Roger smile . Mark continue to film . Maureen go to the. next verse , look to the back of the crowd . her eye meet benny 's . maureen then a little bulldog enter . his name ( we have learn ) be benny . and although he once have principle , he abandon they to live as a lapdog to a wealthy daughter of the revolution . Mr. grey shoot a cold , insulted look to benny . scare , benny . dash over to a nearby riot cop . benny whisper to the cop , give the policeman very specific order . the cop nod , move to a group of riot policeman , repeat benny 's instruction . a worried Roger see what have transpire between benny and the cop , maureen elsie the cow whisper to I , '' a leap of faith . still thirsty ? '' she ask . parched . '' have some milk . '' I lower myself beneath she swollen udder and suck the sweetest milk I have ever taste . 55 Maureen make a loud , slurping , suck sound . the backup singer continue : backup singers Leap of faith , leap of faith , etc . maureen . only thing to do be jump over the moon . over the moon . over the - -- ( moos like a cow ) mooc0000 ! mooococ000 ! mooooc000 ! c’mon ! moo with I ! Maureen encourage the audience to moo with she . several audience member join she , beginning to moo . in the midst of this , one of the cop push a protestor . the protestor push back . other join in . angry protestor and police stand off . shove . shout . a punch be throw . a riot begin . at first it 's the cop against the protestor . then everyone begin to join in . Mark pan he camera away from the stage , begin to film the riot . outside , benny , Mr. grey and the investor get into a nearby limousine and drive off . Maureen stop she show , try to stop the rioting . maureen ( softly , scared ) people . please . let 's be cool ... joanne join Maureen onstage , try to pull she to the exit . a cop shove a protestor into the light board . the light flash . some goon . some start to strobe , flash . a cop push one of the homeless into a flame trash can . the trash can be knock over . the Christmas tree go up in flame . Mark film all of it . the riot have spill out onto the street , get larger , more violent . . a cop try to arrest angel . he give the cop a swift kick in the shin , follow by a elbow to the jaw . the cop drop to he knee . angel grab Collins , Roger and mimi , lead they away , try to escape through the crowd . absolute chaos . brick and bottle begin to fly . approach siren be hear in the distance . joanne watch in horror from the stage . Maureen , see a cop beat on a homeless man . she leap from the stage , into the crowd . joanne follow . 94 56 Roger , mimi , angel and Collins have nearly make it to safety . a riot cop step in front of they . it look like they be do for until ... the cop take off he riot mask , reveal he face . it 's steve , from the life support Group . they be shocked . steve it 's gonna 's get worse . get out of here . Steve usher they to safety . Maureen be punch , kick at the cop . joanne manage to pull she away , back onto the stage , where they escape through a rear exit . Mark be in the middle of the madness , filming everything . he turn he camera to a group of cop who throw some homeless folk into the rear of the paddy wagon . ext . life cafe - later - night 94 a large , fairly upscale East Village café . a light snow have begin to fall . we hear the sound of police and ambulance siren , along with shouting and scream , in the background . Roger , mimi , angel and Collins arrive at the café entrance , join by Maureen and joanne , who try to comfort she distraught lover . joanne ( tender ) baby , please . calm down . it 's gonna 's be okay . the audience love you . they get you message . maureen before or after they get arrest ? I mean ... it be suppose to be a peaceful protest . how do it get so out of control ? roger benny . maureen benny ? roger ( nod ) he orchestrate the whole thing . I see it all go down . maureen that prick ! Mark dash up to we group of bohemian . Mark be dance on air , excited , happy , sport a few bruise and scratch from the riot . Maureen turn on he , furious . 57 maureen what be you so fuck happy about ? MARK guess who 's headline tonight 's eleven o’ clock news ? maureen who ? MARK you . ' Maureen be confuse , but intrigue . .mark they buy my riot footage . the mood turn from grim to exuberance . joanne look at Maureen . joanne everybody in New York City be gonna 's see you show ! : angel honey , you be a star . Maureen , eye wet with tear , and a smile that could melt this cold night , turn to Mark . she move close to he , appreciative , sexy . maureen . I do not know what to say ... how can I repay you ?. Mark pause , a slow smile . joanne , jealous , step between the two of they . stern , she look at Maureen . joanne let the boy buy we dinner . everyone cheer , in unison cry out : the bohemian wine and Beer !!! they excitedly enter the café . 95 int . life cafe ~ night 95 the restaurant manager , a high strung man , panic upon see Mark , Roger and the group of bohemian . he try to shoo they out . 58 manager no. please . no. not tonight . please , leave . can not have a scene . suddenly , the door open . benny enter , with he investor and Mr. grey . when mimi see benny , she face go cold . they exchange a glance , recognize each other . when the manager spot benny , . he immediately usher he through . . manager oh , hello , Mr. coffin . right this way . Maureen leap for benny 's throat , joanne hold she back . benny and he group be immediately seat , Roger look back to the manager , . roger what be I ... dust a blur ? manager you sit all night . you never buy . MARK that 's a lie . I have a tea , the other day . manager you could not pay . MARK oh , yeah , angel hold up a wad of cash . angel tonight we can . the manager sigh , can not turn down the business . he lead the bohemian into the café . they pass benny 's table , collin Benjamin coffin III ? here ? maureen the enemy of Avenue A. collin what bring the mogul in he own mind to the life café ? . the bohemian take they place at a long table in the center of the room . tt resemble the last Supper . several other bohemian , part of they entourage , join we main cast at the table . benny stand and raise he glass , sarcastic , benny I would like to propose a toast to Maureen 's noble try . it go well . maureen go to hell . benny 4 be the yuppie scum stop ? not count the homeless , how many ticket be comp 's ed ? roger why do muffy -- benny alison . roger ~-- miss the show ? Mr. grey glare at Roger . benny there be a-death in the family . angel who die ? benny we akita . angel and the group realize it be benny 's family dog he kill . Roger stifles a. laugh . benny , MARK , angel , collin evita ! 59 benny stand , hover around mimi . she 's - nervous , but benny be keep whatever history they have quiet in front of he father - in- law . keep it quiet in front of Roger . LA vie boheme a begin . benny you make fun , yet I be the one attempt to do some good . do you really want a neighborhood where people piss on you stoop every night ? bohemia ! bohemia ! it 's a fallacy in you head ! she 's benny get right into Roger 's face . all sarcasm now betrayal and anger . benny this be Calcutta . bohemia be dead . 60 benny turn on Mark . it hang in the air like a challenge . a beat . Mark stand and raise he glass . the bohemian immediately enact a mock funeral . Mark deliver a '' eulogy '' to a rouse pipe organ . MARK dearly beloved , we gather here to say we goodby . collin and roger die irae . die illa . kyrie eleison . yitgadal v’ yitkadash , etc . MARK here she lie . no one know she worth , the late great daughter of mother Earth . in this week when we celebrate the birth ... in that little town of bethlehem , we raise we glass , you bet you ass to ... Maureen moon benny 's table . benny do not blink , but he investor and step -father do . Mark raise he arm , sing passionately . MARK La vie boheme ! the dirge be over , a cool , fun groove sneak up . bohemian La vie boheme . La vie boheme . La vie boheme . La vie boheme . MARK to day of inspiration , play hookey , make something out of nothing , the need to express . to communicate . to go against the grain , go insane , go mad . mimi , angel and Collins smile . Maureen be impressed . MARK to loving tension , no pension . to more than one dimension . to starve for attention , hat convention , hat pretension , not to mention of course , hat dear old Mom and dad , everyone sing '' La vie boheme '' as backup . MARK to riding you bike , midday , past the three - piece suit . to fruit . to no absolute . to absolut . to choice . to the Village Voice . to any pass fad . to be a we for once ... ~ 61 Mark motion for benny to join he friend , then point to benny 's investor . MARK ..- instead of a they ! the investor be upset at benny . he calm they . bohemian La vie boheme . la vie boheme . Maureen cap the line with a smack to joanne 's ass . Mr. grey stare . mr. grey ( disapprove ) ahhemmn ! maureen ( hug joanne ) hey , mister . she 's my sister . the manager arrive , pad in hand . manager so that 's five miso soup , four seaweed salad , three soy burger dinner , two tofu dog platter . and one pasta with meatless ball . roger ugggh . collin it taste the same . mimi if you close you eye . manager and thirteen order of fries . be that it here ? bohemian wine and beer ! mimi , and angel jump up on the table and begin dance . mimi and angel to hand craft beer make in local brewery . to yoga . to yogurt . to rice and bean and cheese . angel lie face down on the table . mimi mimic give it to she from behind . the investor tap benny . mimi turn 62 mimi and angel to leather , to dildo , to curry vindaloo , of huevo rancheros and Maya angelous , to smile at Roger , but he 's distant . Collins and Maureen dance ballroom past he . Roger tap ignore by maureen and collin emotion , devotion , to cause a commotion . creation . vacation . MARK mucho masturbation , maureen and collin compassion , to fashion , to passion when it 's new . : collin to sontag . angel of sondheim . four bohemian to anything taboo . angel , and begin dance with Collins . mimi feel outright he now . collin and . roger ginsberg , Dylan , cunningham .and cage. lenny Bruce . langston Hughes . maureen to the stage . bohemian to uta . to buddha . Pablo neruda , too . mimi , feed up with Roger , grab Mark . they dance . joanne and MARK and mimi why dorothy and toto go over the rainbow , to blow off auntie em , bohemian La vie boheme . Maureen kiss . Mr. grey look at they , suspicious . mr . grey sister ?!? 63 maureen we be close . angel jump on top of . Collins , who 's on the table . they kiss . angel , collin Brothers ! benny try to calm Mr. grey . Mark , angel and mimi be lead the dance . MARK , angel , mimi bisexual , trisexual , homo sapien , carcinogen , hullucinogen , man , pee - wee herman . german wine , turpentine , ° gertrude stein , Antonioni , bertolucci , kurosawa ; carmina burana . . the other bohemian join they , now all dance on the table . bohemian to apathy , to entropy , to empathy , ecstasy , vaclav havel , the sex pistol , BBC . to no shame . never play the fame game . collin to marijuana . bohemian to sodomy . it 's between God and I . to S and m! Mr. grey and the investor get up from the table , start to walk out of the restaurant . benny run to grab the manager . benny waiter , waiter , waiter ! bohemian La vie boheme ! collin in honor of the death of bohemia , a impromptu salon will commence immediately follow dinner . mimi Marquez , clad only in bubble wrap , will perform she famous lawn - chair- handcuff dance to the sound of iced tea be stir . roger Mark Cohen will preview he new documentary about he inability to hold a erection on the high holy day . Roger pick up a electric guitar and start to tune it . 64 MARK and Maureen Johnson , back from she spectacular one - night engagement at the 11 '' Street lot , will sing Native american tribal chant backward through she vocoder , while accompany herself on the electric cello , which she have never study . joanne see Maureen playfully kiss Mark . benny , look for a waiter , run into mimi . he pull she aside , careful that no one be watch . benny you new boyfriend do not know about we ? mimi there 's nothing to know . it be three month ago . benny do not you think we could discuss -- mimi there 's nothing leave to say . I make a mistake . you lie . benny I need more time --- mimi you say it be over between you and alison , that you be separate . benny I be plan to . I still be . mimi I have move on . benny Roger ? he do not even act like he 's with you . mimi we be take it slow . benny ( cruel ) good thing . he can barely get out of the heuse this day . ( soft , smooth ) come on , mimi . . give we another chance . we have something real nice . we be good together . 65 she glare at benny , turn and hurry back to the celebration . benny turn , exit , call offscreen . benny waiter ! back to the bohemian celebration ... . MARK Roger will attempt to write a bittersweet , evocative song . Roger pick out musetta 's theme on the guitar . MARK that do not remind we of '' musetta 's waltz '' . collin angel dumott schunard will model the jatest fall fashion from Paris while accompany herself on the ten gallon plastic pickle - tub ! angel and Collins will recount he exploit as a anarchist , include the tale of he successful programming of the MIT virtual - reality equipment to self destruct as it broadcast the word : bohemian actual reality ! act up ! fight aids ! mimi , upset , confuse , step in front of Roger . mimi Excuse I , do I do something wrong ? I get invite , then ignore all night long . roger I have be try . I be not lie . no one 's perfect . I have get baggage . mimi life 's too short , babe . time be fly . I be look for baggage that go with mine . roger ( soften ) I should tell you . mimi I have get baggage , too . 96 66 roger I should tell . you . roger and mimi baggage . bohemian ' wine and beer ! several beeper go off , remind people with aids to take they med . Collins and angel turn theirs off , take they pill . Roger turn he beeper off . mimi turn off she beeper . she look at Roger . mimi azt break . roger ( shocked ) you ? , . mimi me. you ? Roger take she hand . roger mimi , ' the music slow into the lovely ballad I should tell you . Roger lead mimi through the back hallway , into the ... ext . life cafe . - outdoor courtyard - night 96 a summer courtyard , desert in the winter . tables and chair be cover with several inch of snow . ' the glorious snow continue to fall . it 's a magical , romantic night . Roger and mimi enter , hold hand , alone . they look into each other 's eye , sing they love . roger I should tell you , I be disaster . I forget how to begin it . mimi . let 's just make this part go faster . I have yet to be in it . I should tell you . roger I should tell you . mimi tt should tell you . roger I should tell you . 67 mimi I should tell I blow the candle out just to . get back in . roger I have forget how to smile until you candle burn my skin , mimi I should tell you . roger I should tell you . mimi I should tell you , roger and mimi I should tell . well , here we go . now , we ... mimi oh , no . roger I know , this something be ... here 's go . mimi here go . roger guess so , it 's start to ... who know ? mimi who know ? the song start to build . camera crane upward . they become two small figure , alone , huddle together amidst the building and fall snow . roger and mimi who know where ?. who go there ? who know ? here go ? they finally surrender to each ether , beginning to slow dance in the courtyard . mimi put she head on Roger 's shoulder . roger and mimi . trusting desire . start to learn . walk . through fire , without a burn . cling . a shoulder . a leap begin . sting and older . asleep on pin . so here we go . now , we ... Roger take mimi 's hand , lead her- back inside . 68 roger oh , no . mimi I know . roger oh , no , : roger and * mimi ~ who know . where ? who go there ? here go . here go . here go . 97 int . life cafe - night 97 Roger and mimi enter , hold hand , gaze into each other 's eye . roger and mimi here go . here go . here go . they kiss . it be long , passionate . perfect . everything a first kiss should be . the bohemian , see Roger and mimi kissing , break into loud cheer and applause . bohemian yeahhh !!! mimi and Roger run back to they friend , jump up on the table and join the bohemian . bohemian to dance ! mimi no way to make a live . masochism , pain , perfection , muscle spasm , chiropractor , short career , eat disorder ! everyone be dance , celebrate . bohemian . Film ! MARK adventure , tedium , no family , boring location , darkroom , perfect face , ego , money , Hollywood and sleaze ! bohemian Music ! 69 angel food of love , emotion , mathematics , isolation , rhythm , feel , power , harmony , and heavy competition ! bohemian anarchy ! collin and maureen Revolution , justice , scream for solution , force change , risk and danger , make noise and make plea ! pandemonium erupt in the restaurant . everyone be dance on table , chair , on the bar . bohemian , to faggot , lezzy , dyke , cross - - dresser , too ! maureen to 's I ! MARK to I ! . collin and angel to I ! bohemian to you , and you and you , you and you ! to people live with , live with , live with , not die with disease ! let he among we without sin , be the first to condemn ... La vie boheme ! La vie boheme ! . La vie boheme ! MARK . bohemian anyone out of the mainstream ? La vie boheme ! be anyone in the mainstream ? La vie boheme ! anyone alive with a sex drive ? La vie boheme ! tear down the wall ! be not we al1 ?!? everyone come . together , dance , sing , celebrate . Mark leap to the front of the crowd . MARK the opposite of war be not peace ! it 's creation ! 98 99 70 bohemian La vie boheme ! a final cheer . everyone raise they fist high in the air . defiant . bohemian viva LA vie boheme ! smash CUT to black . piano . over a black screen . the open chord of season of love . ext . new york CITY - sunrise - day 98 season of love continue , as the sun rise over Manhattan . last night 's perfect snowfall have melt : into scattered section of dirty , grayish black slush . taxi cab , truck , pedestrian wade through the slushy street , turn the snow darker . ext , the life caf - day 99 the café door open . we bohemian exit , bleary eye , tired , follow a night of party . '' they walk out into the morning light . ( they voice be hear over the soundtrack . they do not sing the first part of the song onscrebn ) . bohemian ( v.0 . ) } five hundred twenty five thousand six hundred minute . five hundred twenty five thousand moment so dear . five hundred twenty five thousand six hundred minute . how do you measure , measure a year ? they say they goodby , embrace , parting . bohemian ( v.0 . ) in daylight . in sunset . in midnight . ' in cup of coffee . in inch . in mile . in laughter . in strife . in five hundred twenty five thousand six hundred minute . how do you measure , a year in the life ? the couple go they separate way . Maureen and joanne , arm in arm , hop into a taxi , drive off . angel and Collins descend the stair into the subway . Roger 's arm be around mimi , she hand in he back pocket . they walk off down the street , toward the loft . Mark stand alone on the street , bolex camera under he arm . he watch Roger and mimi , a small smile appear on he face , truly happy for he friend . but he expression offer a subtle sense of melancholy , of loneliness . Mark respond by do what he -doe best . he raise he camera , point at Roger and mimi , and film . 71 ( season of love continue , illustrate with footage shot by Mark , in 16 mm and super 8 . the footage be grainy , home movie-like , shaky . ) 100 ext . loft - ( super 8/16mm ) - day : 100 101 102 103 104 Roger and mimi kiss . mimi pause , turn , look at the camera , grin , put she hand over the , lens . : bohemian ( v.o , ) how about love ? int . moving subway train ~ ( super 8/16mm ) - day 101 Collins 's arm be wrap around angel , who sleep on Tom 's shoulder . bohemian . ( v.0 . ) how about love ? ext , circle line - ( super 8/16mm ) - day 102 joanne and Maureen ride the Circle line boat , take in the view of Manhattan . they laugh and grin for Mark 's camera , he pan to the statue of Liberty , back to they . Maureen grab the camera , point it at a shy , grin Mark . : bohemian . ( v.0 . ) how about love ? measure in love . close -up : seven bohemian ( super 8/16mm ) - day / night : 103 fast , montage cut of the bohemian 's face , smiling , mugging , laugh for the camera . bohemian ( v.0o . ) season of love . season of love . ext . east village - ( super 8/16mm ) - day 104 Roger and mimi sit on a brownstone staircase . they be share a slice of pizza with a plastic fork . joanne ( v.o. ) five hundred twenty - five thousand six hundred minute . five hundred twenty - - five thousand journey to plan . Roger remove a small box from he pocket , give it to mimi . she open it . Inside , be a antique wristwatch . tear fill mimi 's eye . joanne ( v.o. ) five hundred twenty five thousand six hundred minute . how do you measure the life of a woman or a man ? 105 106 107 72 Roger fasten the watch onto mimi 's wrist . they kiss . ext , ST . MARK 's place - thrift shop - ( super 8/16mm ) - day 105 Tom Collins wait outside of this funky , second hand clothing store . angel exit the store , carry a shopping bag . angel give the bag to Tom . he open it . Inside , be a wear , fade brown leather coat , angel help Tom put on the coat . he check he reflection in the store window . he like it , look good , model it for Mark 's camera . collin ( v.0 . } in truth that she learn , or in time that he cry . Tom look into angel 's eye , appreciative . his expression say it all : '' I do not deserve you , angel . '' . he give angel a tender kiss on the cheek . collin ( v.0 . ) in bridge he burn , or the way that she die , ext , time square - STREET - new year be eve - night 106 ( return to , 35 mm ) . we seven bohemian be walk down . the street , now singing season of love . they be dress for tonight 's New Year 's Eve celebration . Collins wear shade and a old tuxedo jacket over he baggy trousers . and T-shirt . angel be dress as a bond girl . Maureen wear a skintight '' cat suit '' . they sing passionately , clap along with the music . bohemian it 's time now , to sing out , though 's the story never end . let 's celebrate , remember a year in the life of friend . remember the love . remember the love . remember the love . measure in . love . joanne measure , measure you life in love . season of love , season of love , the group finish the song with pure exuberance and joy . at this moment , they be stronger than ever . a family . smash CUT to : the lighted globe lo7 drop in Times 's Square , as the crowd chant " 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... % happy new year ! the crowd cheer , blow horn , ringing belis and noisemaker . . camera pull back . the image be play live on countless tv sets , Inside a crazy eddie store display window . we seven bohemian stand at the window , cheer along with other street people , celebrate the New Year , pop bottle of cheap champagne . 73 108 ext . east village - later - night 108 the street be scattered with East Village partier , all ringing in the New Year . the bohemian be split a few bottle of cheap champagne between they . they be happy , fill with hope , and the promise of a New Year . camera start on Roger and mimi , walk ahead of the other , have a conversation . . mimi I be give up my vice . I be go back to school . I think maybe it 's gonna 's be a happy New Year . roger ( into she eye ) last week I just want to disappear . my life be dust . now ... yeah . it just might be a happy New Year . camera pan back to Maureen , Collins and angel . maureen ' who be you two suppose to be ? collin bond. James bond . angel and pussy galore . camera pan back to Mark , walk with joanne . MARK she leave a message . her name 's alexi darling . she 's -a producer on that sleazy news show , buzzline . they want I to come in for a meeting . Maureen overhear , join Mark and joanne . maureen ( to Mark ) we will need a agent . MARK we ? maureen the only reason you get on tv in the first place be because of I . ( scheme ) we can plan another protest . this time you can shoot my entire show . MARK | sorry . not interested . 109 110 74 maureen what ? why not ? MARK work for a show like buzzline ? it 's sell out . maureen ( pause , shrug yeah . but it 's nice to dream . they arrive at the lot that be once the tent City . it 's scorched and fence off with barb wire . the homeless and runaway be go . see the lot , the bohemian share a concerned look . . Mark exchange a worried glance with Roger . Mark run - to the building , ahead of the other . they follow he . Mark enter the loft . int . loft - staircase / hallway — night 109 Mark run up the stair , stop at the loft door . it 's secure with a heavy chain and padlock . Roger and the other arrive . . roger benny . they look at each other , helpless , lock out of they home . angel , walk to the end of the hallway and pick up a fire extinguisher , angel lift the metal canister , bring the bottom down hard , on the padlock . two more hit and angel manage to break the lock . : collin that 's my girl . int . loft ~- later - night ~ 110 they enter , turn on the light . - MARK at least we still get power , roger that 's all we get . camera pan to Roger 's Pov . it 's completely bare , benny take everything . the fridge . the appliance . only Roger 's guitar and amp remain , rest against the wall , in the corner . roger he leave my guitar . maureen ( bitter ) what a fuck sweetheart . 75 MARK now what do we do ? joanne ( pause , think ) technically , now that you be inside , you be squatter . they can not arrest you , and benny can not just throw you out on the street . it will - give you and Roger time to get some money together . Mark exchange a worried look with Roger . ext . loft - later - night . , 111 Maureen and joanne exit . Mark run out , call to joanne . MARK joanne -- joanne and Maureen turn back . Mark walk up to joanne , take a deep . breath , swallow . this be hard for he . 112 113 MARK I think I might need a lawyer . ext . upper east side - 57 '* STREET - a few day later - day . 112 joanne , Mark and Maureen enter a modern high rise . Mark be wear jeans , flannel shirt , mismatch tie and a wear , corduroy blazer . before go inside , joanne straighten Mark 's tie . Maureen watch , a flicker of jealousy on she face . int . television studio - office - later ~ day 113 Mark , Maureen and joanne sit in the wait ' room , look very out of place in this slick office . a attractive , blonde receptionist , in she mid-twenty , sit at a desk , answer the ringing ' phone buzzer . the receptionist look up at Mark , joanne and Maureen . receptionist alexi will see you . joanne and Mark stand . Maureen follow . joanne turn , stop . she . ' joanne you should wait out here . maureen but --~- joanne we do not want to come on too strong . 16 maureen ( hurt , but tough ) okay . yeah . sure . whatever . joanne and Mark enter . Maureen be leave in the wait room . she turn , eye the receptionist . int . alexi darling 's office - later - day . 114 alexi darling be 34 , asian , very slick , too thin , wear a designer business suit . she pace in front of she window , which have a killer view of the bast side . Maureen and Mark be seat in front of she . the door to alexi 's office be open . the wait room be directly in joanne 's eye-line . she have a clear view of Maureen , who be blatantly flirting with the blonde receptionist . joanne try to concentrate on the business at hand . alexi address Mark . alexi you footage remind I of my berkley day . Fighting the good fight .. and itook good while do it . who ever think activism . could be sexy again ? kudos . MARK thank you . I , uh ... well , I also . have a documentary I be work on , about the homeless , people live with HIV --- alexi good . edgy . Fresh . that 's. what buzzline be all about . joanne it be ? alexi smile at joanne , who smile back . - but joanne be have trouble focus on the meeting . she glance to the wait room , see Maureen move closer to the receptionist , shamelessly flirt . alexi . okay . we might dip a little on the tabloid side . but we be a News show . and you client have a fresh eye to bring real storey to a audience . we get real programming . he get network exposure . not a bad way to start a career . joanne be distract by Maureen , who appear to be write down she phone number for the receptionist . alexi be wait for joanne 's response to she last statement , alexi ( to joanne} well ? 77 joanne ( back to business ) oh. yes -- what about salary ? : alexi on commission . a escalate rate per segment . Long pause . joanne turn to Mark . well ? he 's nervous , tear . he hate the idea of sell out . 115 ext . 57 ° STREET - later - day . : 115 Mark , joanne and Maureen exit the office , walk down the street . joanne be ecstatic . Mark be depressed . MARK I sell my soul . joanne for three grand . a segment . maureen you would have get nothing without my protest . joanne do everything have to - be about you ? MARK uh-oh . maureen I ?!? you be the one help my ex-boyfriend . joanne he need a lawyer . I figure I could . help out since you get they evict . this be get heat , nasty : Mark back away , the girl face off . maureen why do not you two just get a accountant 's ledger , a bottle of champagne and go at it ? joanne invite the girl . you just flirt with to join we and I will ! maureen that 's what you upset about ?!? c’ / mon , pookie . I be just be friendly . joanne roll she eye . she 's hear this one before . Maureen get down on one knee , look up at joanne . . 78 maureen ( theatrical ) how can I make it up to you ? let I be you slave . I / x11 kiss you Doc martin . I 'o obey you every wish . just tell I what you want . joanne pause , speak softly , honestly . from the heart . joanne commitment . maureen ( sweet smile ) that 's all ? why do not you say so in the first place ? joanne what ? maureen all you have to do be ask . and I be yours . a beat . they look into each other 's eye , Mark be nauseous . can this day get any worse for he ? he stop at he bicycle , unlock it . MARK look , guy . I have better be go -- but joanne and Maureen ignore Mark . they step closer , hold hand , look into each other 's eye . joanne will you commit to I ? to be with only I ? for the rest of we life ? maureen ido . iwill . - they kiss . Mark groan . MARK oh Christ . maureen ( giggle ) do that mean we be like engage er something ? can we do that ? joanne I do not know . maureen let 's go to Hawaii . like rock Hudson and gomer pyle . we ’1ll get marry on a volcano , 116 79 joanne same sex marriage be not legal in this country . ( pause , a idea ) but it be ... in Denmark . maureen I have always want to go to Denmark . Arm in arm , they walk off together . Mark watch , in horror . MARK this can not be happen . int . cat scratch club -- day 116 the afternoon crowd . mimi be stand on the runway as a middle age tourist put a twenty into she stock . she look up , see ... benny , sit at a table , in the rear of the club . he give a small wave . mimi move over to he . benny how much for a table dance ? she glare at he , sit down . * benny I get you message . you want to see I ? mimi I want to talk ... about what happen the other night . benny you guy practically ruin I . my investor be think of pull out . my father - in - Law will not speak to I . mimi you get you wife . benny ( melancholy ) yeah . mimi good luck find another girl to lie to she about . benny I give you . a place to live . 80 mimi . | if you would wear you wedding xing when we meet , I would not have take it . there be a pause , a deep tension between they , compound by the fact that benny be still deeply attract to she . ' . benny look , why do you want to see I ? . mimi ease up on Roger and Mark . I understand that business be business . but you guy be best friend . Mark still love you . he 's real upset about this whole thing . so be Collins . and Roger . benny ( incredulous ) I can not believe you be with hin . : mimi this be not about Roger , benny you think you know he ? I have be friend with Roger for five year . : mimi look--- benny he 's weak . can not commit ‘to anything . maybe he music . but even that 's not . the same since April die . ' the guy 's a walk ghost . and you be not gonna 's be the one to change he . mimi do not want to hear this . mimi I gotta’ get back . to work : they both stand . benny God help you if you be actually fall in love with he . mimi pause , consider this for a second . benny turn , exit . at the back of the club , stand in the shadow , be the man . mimi , feel weak and vulnerable ; walk up to he . she remove the twenty from she stock , pay he . ' the man hold out a small plastic bag of white powder . mimi take it . . 117 118 81 ext . conneticutt mansion - february - day 117 establish shot . a three. story , well appoint country home , situate on several lush acre . row of luxury car and limousine pull into the driveway , park by a team of valet .. well dress guest enter the mansion . . int . mansion - day ' 118 it 's a engagement 's party for joanne and Maureen . the place be decorate for Valentine 's Day . the party be pack with guest . there be a clear distinction between the two group of family : joanne 's family and friend be racially integrate , sophisticated , well educate and liberal . Maureen 's family be very suburban , middle class , racist and narrow minded . - a tense , difficult mix of people . Roger , Mark , mimi , angel and Collins . be here , look very out of place , but happy to indulge in the free food and drink . angel look pale , thin . his health appear to be decline . Maureen and . joanne stand with they friend . joanne 's parent , mr.-and mrs . jefferson , be a distinguished , well dress , black couple . they stand at the top of the stair . Mr. jefferson clink he . champagne glass , clear he throat . mr . jefferson I have like to welcome . everyone to we home , and congratulate my daughter , joanne , on she wonderful choice of a life partner , Maureen Johnson . everyone applaud . Maureen . and joanne smile , beam for the crowd . mrs . jefferson my husband and I would also like to welcome Maureen 's parent , Eddie and Nancy Johnson , into we family . Maureen 's 's mother , mrs . johnson , be very suburban , with beauty shop hair and big glass . she be sobbing , bawling she eye out . Maureen 's dad , mr. johnson be a brusque , overweight irishman with a crew-cut . Red face , angry , he comfort he wife . not only be they daughter a lesbian , but she 's in love with a black woman . '' with the toast complete , everyone go back to party . joanne glance beside she . Maureen be go . joanne look around , spot Maureen across the room . she stand at the bar , flirt with the female bartender . furious , joanne march up to she , grab Maureen by the arm . joanne what the hell be you do ?!? maureen we be just talk --- 82 joanne ( sarcastic ) right . maureen ( angry ) you know , miss ivy League ... I can not take much more of you obsessive , compulsive , control freak paranoia ! joanne my what ?!? maureen I do not pierce . my nipple because it gross you out ! I do not stay at the clit Club last night because you want to - go home !... " joanne you be flirt with the woman in rubber ! maureen there will always be woman in rubber flirt with I ! give I a break ! silence fall over the crowd . the guest be all look at joanne and Maureen . we hear the chord of take I or leave I . Maureen begin to sing , 's face off against joanne . maureen every single day , I walk down the street I hear people say , '' baby 's so sweet '' . ever since puberty , everybody stare at I . boy , girl . I can not help it , baby . Maureen start move around the room . joanne be mortify . the partygoer watch . some be entertained , some be in shock . maureen so be kind . do not lose you mind . just remember that I be you baby . fake I for what be ! who I be mean to be ! and if you give a damn . take I baby , .or leave I . take I baby or leave I . Maureen kiss joanne and jump up on the bar . maureen a tiger in a cage , can never see the sun . this diva need she stage . baby , jet 's have fun . Maureen jump down . joanne 's seethe be start to turn into a angry rage . 83 maureen ' you be the one I choose . folk have kill to fill you shoe . you love the limelight too , baby ! Maureen start to pull up she shirt . ' maureen so be mine , but 'do not waste my time , cryin 's '' honeybear , be you still my baby ? '' Maureen be about to remove she shirt . joanne do not . you. dare . Maureen stop right under she chest . maureen take I for what I be . who I be mean to be . and if you give a damn . take I baby or leave I . Maureen dance around the room , flirt with the guest , always look at joanne . . maureen no way can I be - what I be not ! but hey , do not you want you girl hot ? do not fight ! do not losé you head ! ' Cause every night , who 's in you . bed ? Maureen move closer to joanne , . maureen who 's in you bed , baby ? ( inch from joanne ) kiss , pookie ? joanne it will not work . joanne move toward Maureen , start sing . joanne I look before I leap . I love margin and discipline . I make list in my sleep . baby , what 's my sin ? joanne get right in Maureen 's face and chest . . be this a fight or a mate ritual ? the guest can not take they eye away . our. bohemian be loving it , save for Mark , who be embarrassed . 84 joanne never quit , I follow through . I hate mess . but I love you . what to do with my impromptu baby ! so be wise ' cause this girl satisfy . you have get a prize , but do not compromise . you be one lucky baby . take . I for what I be ! . maureen ( to the crowd ) a control freak . joanne who I be mean to be ! maureen a snob . yet , over-attentive . joanne and if you give a damn ! maureen a lovable , droll geek . joanne take I baby , or leave I ! maureen and anal retentive , they square off . the guest be transfix . both that 's it ! joanne the straw that break my back ! both I quit ! joanne unless you take it back ! both woman , maureen what be it about they ? they sing to each other . a battle of passion and soul . 85 both can not live with they or without they ! take I for what I be ! who I be mean to be ! and if you give a damn ! take I baby ! or leave I . take I baby or leave I . guess I be leavin’ . I be gone ! Maureen turn , march out : of the room , slamm the huge wooden door behind she . the entire place fall silent . the party 's over . only Maureen 's mother , Mrs. Johnson , applaud . she be now beam , ecstatic that she daughter be out of this relationship . she turn to Mark , excitedly whisper . mrs . johnson maybe you two can get back together . Mark just . stare at she for a moment , turn and walk away . 119 int . loft - later - night 119 Roger , mimi , Mark , Collins and angel..enter . the loft have be restore , back to normal . all furniture and appliance have be return . the door have be repair . benny stand inside the loft , wait . the. other . be surprised to see he . MARK benny ? what 's go on ? benny I be here to end this war . roger what change you mind ? benny mimi. Roger turn , puzzle . benny she call my office . she want to see I . we meet last week . she be very convincing . Roger look at mimi , he be not sure how to deal with this . benny anyway , I could not stop think about the whole mess . and I ... ( to matk ) you might want this on film . Mark pick up he camera , about to shoot . 86 benny ( formally ) I regret the unlucky circumstance of the past several week . roger circumstance ? you padlock we door ! benny and it 's with great pleasure , on behalf of cyberart , . that I hand you this key . benny hand Roger the key . Mark look at he camera , concerned . MARK my battery 's out . benny re-shoot . roger I get it . this be a photo opportunity . collin the benevolent God usher the poor artist back to they loft , support by you friendly neighborhood cyberart . see the whole story on tonight 's buzzline ! benny it 's not like that . MARK we do not need you charity . Mark remove a fold check from he jacket pocket . he give the check to benny , who be take aback by the amount . MARK that should cover we . for a while . benny where have you get this ? MARK my first advance . . benny ( bitter ) congratulation . benny pocket the check , look around at the : face of he old friend , sad , realize that he will never fit in again . his gaze stop on mimi , who be nestle beside Roger . bitter , benny look at Roger . 87 benny how 's that new song come along ? Roger glare at benny , who. turn to mimi . benny maybe you can persuade he not to be so counter - productive . : ( cruel ) since you way be so seductive ... mimi / liar . you come on to I . benny : do Roger know who you last boyfriend be ? roger I do not care . but he do . benny 's word sting , angel step between they . angel _ people . please . stop fight . we be all a little tense after Maureen and joanne 's argument . ' and benny 's probably still upset about he . cat --- benny my dog . angel my cat have a fall . and I go through hell . 's benny it 's like lose a - -- ( curious ) how do you know that she fall ? silence . the bohemian all look to the floor , the ceiling , the floor ... anywhere to avoid benny 's glare . benny sigh , turn and exit the loft . 120 int . roger 's bedroom - later - night 120 Roger sit on the edge of he bed , tuning he guitar . mimi step out of the bathroom , stand in the doorway , behind Roger . mimi look . about I and benny -- roger ( cool ) do not matter . 121 122 123 124 88 mimi you should know -- roger forget it . Roger do not look at she , focus on he guitar . he begin to play the open chord of without you . mimi , watch from the doorway , begin to sing . mimi . without you , the ground thaws . the rain fall . . the grass grow . ext . the park - day . 121 the park be no longer snow cover , but budd green , scattered with flower , it 's springtime . '' mimi have a envelope in she hand . she see the pusher , the man , in the distance . she hold the envelope tighter and walk toward he . mimi ( v.0o . ) without you , the seed root . ' the flower bloom . the child play . int . elementary school classroom — day : 122 Collins and angel , look very weak and tired , introduce a very reluctant Roger and mimi , to the life support Group . Steve shake Roger 's hand . Mark be there , filming in he usual corner . mimi ( v.0 . ) the star gleam . the poet dream . int . benny 's apartment - day 123 a huge , tastefully decorate bast side apartment , with stun view . benny 's wife , alison , stand in the doorway . her eye be red from cry . she be carry a suitcase . benny stand across the room from alison . his expression be sad , lonely , lose . alison turn , exit , leave benny . he be alone , look small in this vast space . mimi ( v.o. ) the eagle fly ... without you . int . subway train ~ day 124 angel be cough like hell , shaking with fever . Collins hold he , mimi ( v.0 . ) the Earth turn . the sun burn . but I die ... without you . 89 125 int . loft - day : 125 Roger find the packet of use white powder on the table . he turn , start to fight with mimi . they argue . mimi ( v.o. ) without you , the breeze warm . - the girl smile . the cloud move , . Roger , frustrated , turn away . mimi walk up to he , put she arm around Roger , hold on for dear life . 126 . int . elementary school - classroom -— day 126 everyone be here , include Mark and mimi . Mark film . mimi ( v.o. ) without you , the tide change . the boy run , the ocean crash . camera pan the face of the life support member . as the camera pass , some of they face begin to fade , dissolve and eventually disappear , when the camera . pull back wide , only a few . of the member be still here . 127 int . hospital room - day . 127 angel have be admit to the hospital . she be in bed , weak , pale . all of the bohemian fill the room . mimi give Angela present . it 's pink lingerie teddy . everyone laugh . Mark film . joanne and Maureen , stand on opposite side of the room , exchange a glance . mimi ( v.0o . ) the crowd roar , the day soar . the baby cry . without you . 128 int . loft - bedroom / hallway / bathroom / live room - night 128 summertime . a window fan spin . Roger sit up in bed . he look to the space in bed beside he . mimi be go . Roger leap out of bed . he run into the hallway . the bathroom door be open . a crack . Roger 's face pale , bring back awful memory of April 's death . he race to the bathroom , open the door . mimi lie on the floor , waste on crack . Roger pick she up , carry she into the live room . mimi ( v.0o . ) the moon glow . the river flow . but I die . without you . Roger carry mimi to the sofa . he cradle she head in he hand . she wake , eye heavy , a sleepy smile . Roger sing to she . roger the world revive . 90 mimi color renew . mimi and roger _ but I know blue , only blue , Lonely blue . within I , blue . mimi without you . 129 int , elementary school classroom - day 129 130 there be . very few member leave . Collins and angel be go . Roger and mimi be here . mimi stand , sing , look to angel 's empty chair . mimi without you . the hand grope . int , hospital room — night 130 mimi be sit with angel . Collins sleep in the corner . mimi hold angel , comforting he . mimi the ear hear . the pulse beat . ext . park . — night 131 mimi busy smack from the man . she turn . Roger be face she . he 's just see the whole thing . he grab the bag of white powder , clutches it . mimi and . Roger fight , sing to each other . . roger ' without you , the eye gaze . the leg walk . the lung breathe , Roger toss the bag of powder at she , turn and walk away . mimi take off the antique watch that Roger give she , delicately let it drop onto the ground . she sing to Roger as he walk away . roger | the mind churn . mimi the mind churn . roger the heart yearn . mimi the heart yearn . roger and mimi fhe tear dry . without you . 132 133 134 135 91 mimi turn away . he and Roger be now walk they separate way , continue to sing . roger and mimi life go on . but I be go . ' Cause I die . without you . cat scratch club - mimi 's dressing room - night 132 while the girl scramble for they costume , mimi wait to go onstage . she look terribly sad , almost in a trance . lose . mimi without you . int . loft - night 133 Roger , eye fill with tear , stare out the window . roger without you . close -up . Roger and mimi 's face , still in they separate place , sing the final line , together onscreen . roger and mimi without you . int . cat scratch club - dressing room - night 134 the song end . mimi be now alone , try to apply makeup , try to hold herself together , but the tear be brim . a knock on the door . mimi wipe she eye , collect herself . mimi come in . the door open to reveal benny . his expression be warm , sympathetic . benny I hear about you and roger. ( tender ) be you alright ? mimi start to cry in earnest . benny hold she . int . hospital room - day . 135 camera pan from the morphine drip and heart monitor , to angel , look very weak and feverish . Collins wipe off angel 's forehead . angel Collins . 92 collin yeah ? angel it want you to take something with . you , okay ? Collins nod , hold back emotion . angel . I be 22 year old and I have not have a lot of blessing . but I have know you . and let I tell you something ... I would not trade you for fifty : year . collin you would not ? angel why ? you know someone ? Collins laugh . angel be very serious now . angel make sure Roger write he song . and Mark finish he documentary . and get mimi off that pipe , get she shit together . all of they . alright ? collin sure . angel because they be good people , and half of they do not know it . collin what about the other half ? angel they be just fuck up . Collins laugh and wipe angel 's eye . angel smile . fading . the kind of peace that real pain can release . angel and I owe they . collin how do you owe they ? 136 137 93 '' angel until I meet you ... until you all come into my life ... well , I just figure I be go to be alone . Collins try to be strong , embrace angel . dissolve to : close -up : the image of the HIV virus ravaging and ' finally destroy 136 the t-cell . a beat . int . church — day 137 a Puerto rican church . a funeral mass . a coffin rest at the front of the church , adorn with a small frame photo of angel . the congregation be make up of the people we have see through the course of the film , at angel 's family and friend . the congregation be silent , strain to hold back sob . Paul , they leader of life support , play season of love on the piano , as some of angel 's friend give they téstimonial . mimi it 's right that today 's Halloween . it be angel 's favorite holiday . I know we would hit it off the moment we meet . this skinhead be harass she and angel just walk right up to he and say '' I be more of a man than you 'il ever be and more of a woman than you 'il ever get . '' the congregation laugh . mimi return to she pew , walk past Roger , do not look at he . mimi sit beside benny . Mark step forward . MARK and then there be this time angel walk up to this group of tourist , and they be petrify because , a : they be obviously lose and B : have probably never speak to a drag queen before in they life , and he ... she ... just offer to escort they out of alphabet City . and then she let they take a picture with she . and then she say she’ / d - help ‘em find the Circle line . Mark step down . Maureen step forward . maureen you be so much more original than any of we . you would find a old tablecloth on the street and make a dress . and next year , sure enough , they have be mass produce they at the gap . you always say how lucky you be that we be all friend . but it be we , baby , who be the lucky one . 94 the congregation lower its head . Maureen walk back to she seat , exchange a glance with joanne as she pass she . Collins step forward . the mourner be 's silent . Collins be clutching the leather coat angel buy for hin . Collins try to speak , but can not . he look over at Paul , who nod and begin to play the open of I all cover you ( reprise ) . Collins start to sing . softly . collin live in my house . i’1ll be you shelter . just pay I back with one thousand kiss . be my lover . and I will cover you . mimi look at Roger , who refuse to make eye contact with she . the grief on she face be deafen . collin open . you door , I will be you tenant . do not get much baggage to lay at you foot . but sweet kiss I have get to ' spare . I will be there . i’1l cover you . Mark , he face rigid , look at Maureen sit apart from joanne . collin I think they mean it , when they say you can not buy love . now , I know you can rent it , a new lease you be , my love , on life . Maureen look over at joanne . collin all 'my life , I have long to discover something as true as this be . slowly , the congregation begin to rise , one by one , and join in sing . congregation collin so with a thousand sweet kiss , I will cover you . more people stand , join in . congregation with a thousand sweet kiss . I will cover you . mimi stand and start sing . congregation with a thousand sweet kiss . I will cover you . if you be cold and you be lonely . collin you have . get one nickel only . collin when you be wear out and tired . 95 Maureen and joanne both join in . as do benny . congregation collin with a thousand sweet kiss . when you heart have I 'il cover you . expire , the entire congregation have join in . Roger be the last to join . . collin and congregation oh , lover . i’1l cover you . 0h , lover . i’1l cover you . 525,600 minute . 525,000 season of love , the song peak and end with Collins final line , a intensely passionate statement of endure love and soulful commitment . ' collin I will . cover you . 138 ext . cemetery - afternoon , 138 a overcast Autumn day . scatter leave blow in the wind , flutter across the cemetery . carnation after carnation be leave on angel 's casket . Mark be comforting Collins . Maureen look at joanne . a beat . Maureen break down cry . joanne comfort she . they hold each other . the funeral end . mimi move away from benny , walk up to Roger . mimi I hear you sell you guitar and get a car . roger yeah . I be go to Santa fe. ( look to benny ) it 's true ? you be with that yuppie scum ? mimi benny 's help I put the piece together after somebody leave . roger : I leave because somebody could not get straight . they glare at each other . benny walk up . Roger turn on he . roger you do not belong here . benny I be here for Collins and mimi . 96 roger - now you be gonna 's be we friend ? where 's you wife ? benny we be separate . + roger ' so you run back.to mimi . what ? you pay for she dope now ? that how you get people to hang out with you ? Collins interrupt . collin ( upset} you all say you would be cool today . so please , stop . for my sake , for angel ... angel help we believe in love . Collins look to the grave , back to the other , to Roger . collin ( softly ) . i.ca not believe you be go . I can not believe this family must die . I can not believe this be goodbye . Roger embrace Collins , turn and leave . vjoanne and Maureen hug Collins , walk off together . Mark stay with benny , Collins and mimi . the Priest walk up to they , priest Excuse I . there 's the matter of -~ | benny ( understand , interrupt I will take care of it . benny write a check for the priest . MARK must be nice to have money . mimi and collin no shit . benny join they . Collins smile . collin I think it 's only fair to tell you . you just . pay for the funeral of the person who kill you dog . benny ( shrug ) I always hate that dog . 97 they exchange a smile . maybe benny do have a heart , after all . benny c’mon . l let 's go get drunk . MARK no . I should not . I - -- Collins and Roger will not take no for a answer . they drag Mark off . 139 int . loft - night 139 Mark enter , find Roger pack he belonging into a duffel bag . Roger nod Long pause . MARK hey . he '' hello '' . it 's tense . Mark break . the ice . MARK I hear there be great restaurant in Santa fe. roger yeah . Mark finally bring it up . MARK how could you let she go ? roger what ? I should put up with she like you put up with Maureen ? MARK Maureen never love I . roger that 's the most honest thing you have say all year . MARK you want honest ? okay . tell I this . be you run away because you be jealous of benny and tired of mimi use ?... or be you just afraid that mimi 's get weak ? roger ( rage ) do not you dare ~ - 98 MARK mimi 's run out of time . you be run out the door . ( a beat ) tf April have not kill herself , would you have run away from she , too ? roger who be you to talk about run away ? all you do be work . you hide behind you work . you do not face you failure , you loneliness , the fact that you live a lie . you pretend to create and observe , when all you do be detach from be alive . MARK maybe that 's because I be the one of we to survive . roger poor baby . Mark do not mean to say that . but the damage be do . and it hit Mark . all of he friend be die and there 's nothing he can do about it . Roger zip he bag , turn and walk to the door . MARK Roger ... he look back . : MARK if you leave now , angel 's death be in vain ... Roger pause , turn and open the door to discover ... mimi . she be gravely upset . : roger you hear . mimi every word . Roger walk by she , head down the stair . mimi sing to he , goodbye love , as he walk down the stair . mimi you do not want baggage without lifetime guarantee . you do not want to watch I die . I just come to say , Goodbye , love . Goodbye , love . come to say , goodbye , love camera follows Roger as he walk down the stair , cut back to mimi as she 's sing . 140 141 142 143 144 mimi roger just come to say , glory . '' Goodbye love . one blaze of Goodbye love . glory . Goodbye love . I have to find Goodbye . ext . loft - night 140 Roger walk outside , get into a batter , rusted blue mustang and drive off . int . loft - hallway - night 141 mimi stand at the top of the stair , shattered , cry . benny appear behind she , put he hand on she shoulder . mimi please do not touch I . understand . she go into the loft . benny follow . int . loft - night 142 mimi walk to the window . mimi I be scared . i. need to go away . MARK I know a place . a clinic . benny rehab ? i’1l pay . grateful , mimi.nod , give benny what 's leave of she smile . she walk to the window , look out . mimi 's Pov , : 143 Roger 's car drive off on the street , disappear into the night . int . loft - night . 144 mimi stare out the window , sing . mimi Goodbye love . Goodbye love . come to say goodbye , love . , Goodbye . just come to say goodbye , love . Goodbye , love . Goodbye , love. ( softly ) hello-disease . 145 146 147 148 149 150 100 the open . chord of what you own fill the soundtrack . ext . highway 80 west - pennsylvania .- Day 145 Roger 's mustang be glide down the highway . int . mustang - day . : . 146 the window be down . Roger breathes in the country air . close - on : shaky , documentary footage , a brief collage of we seven bohemian , in happier day . there be snippet of Maureen 's performance , life support group , La vie boheme , angel 's dance , etc . camera pull back . Mark be seat at he editing bay , watch the footage , satisfied , happy . he shove the reel into he backpack . ext . street of manahttan - day 147 Mark , wear he backpack , ride a bicycle along the street . MARK do not breathe too deep . do not think all day . dive into work . drive the other way . int , tv studio — day 148 alexi darling watch Mark 's footage in she office . she hate it . she shake she head . no way . Mark turn , storm out of the office , walk down the hallway . . MARK that drip of hurt . that pint of shame , go away . just play the game . ext . santa fe - a motel - dusk 149 Roger ’s.car pull into the Motel parking lot . he get out , breathe in the air . we hear Mark 's voice , sing . MARK ( v.o. ) you be live in America , at the end of the millennium . you be live in America , leave you conscience at the tone . ext . broadway — day : 150 Mark pedal fast into Times Square ... traffic everywhere . nobody stop for he . and he do not stop for anybody . MARK and when you be live in America , at the end of the millenium , you be what you own . 151 152 153 ext . used car - day Roger sell he car , get a wad of cash . not much . roger the filmmaker can not see . ' int . pawn shop ~ day Roger busy a beat fender guitar with he cash . MARK ( v.0o . ) and the songwriter can not hear , ext . santa fe street - day - Roger sit on a street corner , play he guitar for loose change . _ 154 155 156 157 Roger look up , for a moment , see mimi in the crowd . roger yet I see mimi everywhere . when he look again , mimi be go . his imagination . close - on : angel 's face , smile , move in slow motion . camera pull back . we be inside Mark 's editing bay . angel be oncsreen . MARK angel 's voice be in my ear . int . diner - day Roger sit at the counter , scrawl song lyric on a napkin . we can make out the word you eye . roger , just tighten that shoulder . int . tv studio - day Mark work a camera , filming a boring sit down interview . alexi . darling stand over he shoulder . MARK just . clench you jaw till you frown . int . rock club - night Roger perform . the crowd do not listen . bore . Roger sing , frustrated , . ' roger just do not let go , or you may drow , 101 isl 152 153 154 155 156 157 158 1593 160 102 again , - he see mimi 's face in the crowd . it 's fleeting , then she disappear . ext . santa fe - landcsapz / ext . loft - rooftop 158 Roger stand in the gorgeous Santa Fe landscape ; the sun rise . he sing he part of the song . Mark be on the loft rooftop , in bright daylight . they each share half of the screen , sing the next verse . roger and MARK you be live in America at the end of the millennium . you be live in America where it 's like the twilight Zone , and when you be live in America , at the end of the millennium , you be what you own ! ext . bus stop - santa fe - night 159 Roger wait for the bus , excitedly board . roger and MARK so , I own not a notion . I escape and epe content . JI do not own emotion . i.rent ! ext , new york street - day . 160 _ Mark ride he bike , faster , faster . 161 162 163 MARK what be it about that night ? int . greyhound bus ~ day : 161 Roger be feverishly write song lyric on a yellow pad , take a beat to glance out the window as America be rush by . roger what be it about that night ? ext , street - day 162 Mark ride faster on he bicycle . - the world rush by behind he . MARK and roger connection in a isolate age ? for once the shadow give way to light . ext . GEORGE WASHINGTON bridge ~ day 163 begin tight on Roger , look out the bus window . roger for once the shadow give way to light 164 165 166 167 103 camera crane back to a helicopter shot as the Greyhound bus and hundred of car pour across the bridge . roger and MARK for once I do not disengage . int . editing room ~- day . 164 Mark rush through countless hang strip of celluloid and out the door . MARK angel , I hear you . I hear it . I see it . I see it . my film . int . port authority bus terminal - day — 165 Roger be rush past couple , crazy , kid off the bus . roger mimi , I see you . I see it . I hear it . I hear it . my song ! ext . east village STREET - loft - day 166 Mark run up to a pay phone , pop in a dime and dial . Roger be run along the opposite side of the street , guitar sling on he back . they do not see each other . yet . MARK roger alexi , Mark . call meat one song . hypocrite . I need to finish glory ! my own film . TI quit . mimi ... you eye . Roger run up to Mark . they exchange a smile , embrace , glad to see each other . . roger and MARK dying in America , at the end of the millennium . we be die in America to come into we own . ext . lofty - rooftop ~ day : 167 Roger and Mark scream to the city . people stop and look up . homeless , punk , artist . everyone . roger and MARK and when you be die in America , at the end of . the millennium , you be not alone . I be not alone . the boy turn to each other as the song end in a flourish . 168 169 104 roger and MARK I ’m not alone ! the song end . dissolve to : int . boy 's loft - day 168 camera dolly across the empty loft . the , telephone ring . the answer machine pick up . this be voice mail # 5 . . roger and MARK ( v.o. ) speak ! answering machine Roger . this be you mother . Roger , honey , I do not get this postcard . '' move to Santa Fe . '' '' back in New York , start a rock band . '' Roger where be you ? Roger , where be you ? int . mimi 's loft - day 169 Roger enter . all of the furniture be go , empty baggy everywhere , Roger be upset , speechless . mimi 's phone ring . mimi 's mother 's voice be hear . mimi 's mother ( v.o. ) mimi , chica ... donde esta ? tu mama esta yamando , donde esta , mimi ? ' Roger turn , exit , frustrated . 170 ext . east village STREET - dusk 170 the echoe of '' Roger , where be you ? '' and '' donde esta mimi ? '' continue as another concerned parent 's voice , joanne 's father , join the call . joanneas father ( v.0 . ) joanne , where be you ? joanne and Maureen be show picture of mimi to passersby . joanneas father ( v.0o . ) joanne , where be you ? the three question melt into lovely harmony as we add the final voice of concern , Mark 's mother . ext , park ~ day 171 it 's a cold winter day . Mark be put mimi 's photograph on telephone pole . 172 173 174 175 105 mrs . cohen ( v.0 . ) Mark be you there ? be you there ? I do not know if he as. there . we be all wishing you be here , too . where be you , Mark ? ext . park - day . 172 Roger be run through the park , search for mimi . up ahead , he see the man . Roger run up to he . . mrs . cohen ( v.0 . ) be you there ? you ... where be you ? Mark , be you there ? be you there ? Roger ask the man if he 's see mimi . the man shake he head '' no '' . mrs . cohen ( v.0 . ) I do not know if ... please . ext . east side STREET - day . 173 Roger sprint down the street . the four voice . end they harmony with ... all four parent ( v.0o . ) call ! you mother ! Roger dash inside benny 's apartment building as ' the song end . int . benny 's apartment - day 174 benny be talk with some new investor . there 's a knock at the door . benny answer . it 's Roger . there 's no sense of anger between this two . only a sense of loss . benny immediately know why Roger be here . he step into the hallway . : benny I have not see she in week . ( sadly ) she be do okay for a while ... stay in rehab for a few week ... but then ... she start use again , lose she job ... Roger nod , feel helpless , lose . ext . loft - night 175 christmas eve . it be bitterly cold . Winter . we hear the open chord of christmas bell . a group of homeless people stand on the street corner in . front of the loft , begging for handout from the passersby . 176 178 106 homeless group Christmas bell be ringing . Christmas bell be ringing . Christmas bell be ringing . how time fly when compassion die . people pass , ignore the homeless . homeless group no stocking . no candy cane . . no gingerbread . no safety net . no loose change . no change , of . one homeless man santy Claus be come . homeless group ' Cause santy Claus be not come . no room at the holiday Inn . again . well , maybe next year or when , camera crane upward , rise high along the exterior loft wall , toward the boy 's third floor window , camera goe inside the loft . int . boy 's loft - night 176 Inside , Roger sit at he familiar place , on the table , tuning he guitar . Mark position a 16 mm projector onto a milk crate , which be ona dolly , the telephone ring . MARK and roger ( v.o. ) speak ! Collins 's voice appear on the answer machine . collin ( v.0 . ) I be outside , throw down the key . ext , loft ~ night 177 Collins 's catch the small leather purse , throw from the third floor window . he open the loft door , let himself in . int , loft ~ night 178 Collins enter , hug Mark , shake hand with Roger . collin merry Christmas . MARK . . I can not believe a year go by so fast . Roger give a melancholy smile , pluck out a few note on the guitar . 107 roger I find my song . MARK .( to Collins ) if he could only find mimi . roger ( soft , defeat ) I try . you know I try . Collins notice the projector , look to Mark . . collin you finish you film ? Mark nod . he flip on the projector . a rough title card be project on the wall : today 4 U : proof positive . a MARK cohen film . this be follow by image of we seven bohemian . just as the footage start to get interesting , the projector blows a fuse . blackout . Collins notice that the projector be connect to a extension cord that snake out of the window . Collins look to the boy . : collin still . can not afford the electric bill ? MARK ( shrug ) we could use a little cash flow . collin I have a hunch . Collins produce a wad of twenty dollar bill . he count out several , give they to the grateful boy . _. roger tutor again ? collin nope. MARK back at nyu ? collin negative . MARK ( look at cash ) then how --- collin I rewire the ATM at the food emporium . ( a beat ) all you need be the code . 179 180 108 MARK the code ? collin a-n-g-e-l , the boy exchange a smile . suddenly , they be interrupt by the sound of maureen , scream from outside the window : maureen ( panic ) Mark ! Roger ! anyone ! help ! they run to the window . ext . loft - night 179 Roger , Mark and Collins open the window , look out . below , Maureen and joanne be carry a semi-conscious , very pale , very sick ... mimi . Roger be stunne . roger mimi . maureen I can not get she up the stair . ' Roger , Mark and Collins hurry downstairs . Roger be the first to arrive , take a near unconscious mimi in he arm . the other offer they support , assist in carry mimi inside the building . joanne explain to Roger . joanne she be huddle in the park . freeze . she begge to come here . int .. loft - night 180 the group enter , carry mimi . ' they lay she down carefully on the table . mimi look up at Roger . mimi get a light ?... I know you ... roger ( soft ) mimi . it 's Roger , I be back . joanne she 's be live on the street . 109 mimi it 's so cold in here ... roger ( to Mark ) we need some heat . MARK ( desperate ) I ’11l . go buy some wood ... something to eat ... . Collins stop Mark . collin . ( solemn ) she need more than heat . ( hurry to phone ) I x11 call for a Doctor . mimi do not waste you money on I . ney collin ( into phone ) hello 911 ? yes ... mimi ( shiver ) cold ... cold ... ( brittle , to Roger ) would you light my candle ? roger ( fight tear ) yes , we will , oh God . find a candle . Mark hurry to . find a candle . Roger cradle mimi in he arm , tear pour down he face . they begin to sing finale a , mimi . I should tell you . I should tell you . roger I should tell you . I should tell you . mimi I should tell you , benny be not any --- roger shhh . I know . I should tell you why I leave . it be not ' cause I do not ... mimi I know . I should . tell you --- roger I should tell you . mimi fade . i10 mimi I should tell you . { whisper } I love you . roger " who do you think you be ? leave I mimi stir . you eye . alone with my guitar . hold on there 's something you should hear . ft be not much but it take all year , Roger hold mimi close . he gently sing the song he write , roger you eye , as we say we goodby . can not get they out of my mind , and I find I can not hide from you eye . the one that take I by surprise . the night you come into my life . where there 's moonlight . I see you eye . Roger sing with all of he heart , hope to . pour life back into mimi . . roger how would I let you slip away ? when I be long so to hold you ? now I would die for one more day , ' cause there 's something i.should have tell you . yes there 's something I should have tell you . when I look into you eye . why do distance make we wise ? you be the song all along . and before the song die , I should tell you , I should tell you . I have always love you . you can see it in my eye . we hear musetta 's theme , play correctly and passionately . mimi 's head fall to the side , she arm drop limply off the edge of the table . Roger call out the final line of the song , with the passion of a man who have lose everything . roger mimi ! Roger embrace mimi , hold she tight , sobbing . the other lower they head . joanne bury she head in Maureen 's shoulde : . another death . it 's too soon . it 's too much for they to bear . camera pan to mimi 's hand . it be motionless . . still . suddenly , she hand twitches . incredibly , mimi be still alive . she sit up . Roger support she . roger mimi ! 111 everyone exchange a hopeful look , they move closer to mimi , surround she . she look at everyone . mimi I be in a tunnel , head for this warm , white light ... and I swear ... angel be there . and she look goooqood ! everyone laugh . mimi and she say , '' turn around girlfriend and listen to that boy 's song . '' , Roger feel mimi 's forehead . he smile . roger she 's drench . maureen her fever 's break . Mark look to the other . gently , quietly , he begin to sing the beginning of finale B. MARK there be no future . there be no past . roger thank God this moment 's not the last . a fast . CUT : } 112 i181 ext . the loft build - several day later - night 184 Mark flip on a projector , connect to a long extersion cord . Mark 's film , in its grainy glory , be project onto the front of the loft building . camera pull back to reveal the entire street . Roger and mimi hold each other . she look well enough for a few more month . Collins be with Maureen and joanne . the homeless be there . along with the tenant , the punk kid , the protestor and the life support Group . everyone hold a candle . . tonight be a celebration . roger and mimi there 's only we . there 's only this , forget regret or life be yours to miss . Mark 's film be celebratory , image of all the people we have come to know and love . face after face after face . soon , other voice begin to join in the song , as it grow fuller , more powerful . all no other road . no other way . no day but today . more and more people join in the song , harmonize . women men I can not control will I lose . my dignity ? my destiny . will someone care ? I trust my soul . will I wake tomorrow ? my only goal from this nightmare ? be just to be . . Mark flip . on another projector . he run , then flip on another projector . and another . and another , project image be flooding every building front . a rapid fire succession of face appear , as the song build in power . 113 women men without you there 's only now . the hand grope . there 's only - here . the ear hear . give in to love . the pulse beat . or live in fear . life go on . : no other path . but I be go . no other way . . ' Cause I die without you . no day but today . I die without you . . no day but today . I die without you . no day but today . I die without you . ..- no day but today . I die without you . no day but today . I die without you . the celebration grow in power and intensity . the image on the building be a collection of memory from the film , link we main character with the homeless , the life support group , along with we favorite moment : La vie boheme , . today 4 U , Rent , Santa Fe , Maureen 's protest , New Year 's Eve . the past . interface with the present , as the documentary image mingle with the live character on the street , sing together , harmonize . burst with energy . fill with - joy . the piano hit a break and all voice meld into one last powerful declaration . all no day but today ! the building display a final rapid fire collage of we character . a final glimpse of we bohemian . benny . joanne . Maureen . Collins . Mark . Roger . mimi. and finally ... on every building . one last , freeze image appear . the face of angel . warm . smiling . very much alive . at peace . the end 114