the replacement by Vince mckewin second draft February 19 , 1999 fade in : ext . marina del rey - day it 's raining lightly in the harbor and the water around the moor boat look dirty and cold . we pick up a sad excuse for a boat sit in a end slip . it 's a sea-gull - shitcover , thirtyfoot cabin cruiser that have not cruise in a long , long time . a ratty look unpaint plywood addition have be nail to the top of the cabin . it 's partially cover with a blue plastic tarp . superimpose : marina del rey , california - fall the tarp move and shane falco 's half - naked torso emerge from under it . Shane be late twenty , golden boy handsome , but quickly go to seed . he look hang over . Shane glance up at the sky and rain . he pull on the top part of a old patch wet suit and zip it up . he shiver . ext . marina del rey harbor - day we be buz around the harbor with Shane in a old Zodiac inflatable dinghy . Shane have pull up the attach rubber hood to he wet suit so that only the white , pasty oblong of he face be visible . it 's still raining as he steer the little boat around the sailboat and yacht . he pull up to a fiftyfoot sailboat and cut the engine . with practice move , he tie the dinghy to the rear rail of the sailboat and clip a bill for service render on the sailboat 's stern line . he slip on a weight belt , put on a pair of old gaffer tape goggle , jam the end of a air-hose in he mouth , and fall backward out of the dinghy and into the water . ext . underwater - day it 's dark , dirty and murky . suddenly , Shane float into frame and come at we with a long spatula . another angle he attack the underside of the sailboat which be cover with green alga muck that hang a foot off the bottom of the boat . the spatula scrape away the green mess revealing the pure white underside of the boat . close on shane as he scrape . muck from the boat float past he . this do not look like fun . as he work , he happen to look down and notice something on the bottom . shane's Pov amidst the beer can and other trash , something golden be sit on the bottom . back to scene Shane take a deep pull on he hose , let it go and drift down . a shaft of sunlight penetrate the murky water and reveal a break trophy half - bury in the mud . Shane kneel over it and pick it up . the trophy be almost a full - size football render in bronze attach to a break base . Shane turn " the ball " over in he hand . he grip the seam like he 's do this before . then he hold the football out in front of he . suddenly , he start bark garble signal to a imaginary offense . he turn to he run back as he yell something like " Blue 31 ! " it come out in bubbles he cock he leave leg and he wide receiver go in motion . then on the " snap " he turn and start a five step drop . he move in slow motion because hey ... he 's underwater ! he execute a perfect play action fake on the third step of he drop , and look " down field " for he receiver . but there 's a blitz ! he step up in the pocket but a linebacker 's arm almost take he head off . he dodge , he bob , he weave in a kind of delicate ballet . he roll leave and keep look for the open man . suddenly he point down field , pull up and cock he arm . the " ball " come behind he ear and snap forward in a perfect release . the trophy spin out of frame but we hold on Shane as he watch he pass . suddenly , he throw both arm up in a touchdown signal . we stay on he as he freeze in this pose of victory , fifteen foot underwater , on the trash - cover , muddy bottom of marina Del rey . CUT to : ext . edward francis o'neil stadium ( WASHINGTON , d.c . ) - day bam ! a Miami dolphin linebacker crush a Washington redskin run back and land on he throat , elbow first . it 's a beautiful fall day in November and Miami be beat the skin in front of seventy - six thousand craze Washington fan . the redskin be at they home stadium better know as " the Big o . " int . control booth - day JOHN madden and PAT summerall be call the game in shirtsleeve . summerall that play , my friend , sum up the redskin ' run game all day long . now Washington call they last time out . madden lean over to do he diagram that show up on you tv screen . we stay on he as he draw and explain . madden hey , the dolphin do this as good as anybody . see , in a four , three , two , two , you get the guard ... boom !... plugging up the middle , then the corner ... boom and boom ! be free to box ... leave the middle linebacker to cut off the trap here ... boom ! summerall third and twenty - two , but forget the first down with eight second show and the skin down by a touchdown . madden could be the last play . summerall could be the last play of the season if the player go out . ext . sideline - day redskin quarterback eddie martel be confer with redskin head coach bud tildon near the bench . madden and summerall continue over . madden ( v.o. ) take it all in , people . this could be it for 2,000 . we move to veteran redskin center reese evan , 38 , stand on the sideline , uniform totally clean . he look near tear . summerall ( v.o. ) once again , if you have not hear , it be announce during halftime that the n.f.l. player Association will hold a press conference immediately follow this game -- that would make it about five o'clock Eastern time -- and it be expect that the player ' union will announce a strike effective immediately . on redskinettes twelve strike - look woman dress in burgundy and gold be do some inane chatter to a section of fan that ignore they . the girl be lead by pretty annabelle farrell , a bundle of manic energy inside a body from heaven . madden ( v.o. ) it 's all about money , folk . more money , of course and be not it always ? the shame of it be the big loser be you out there , the fan . on martel the redskin quarterback move to the huddle . summerall ( v.o. ) here we go : third down , eight second to play , ball on the dolphin ' thirty - three yard line . skin down by a touchdown . the huddle break and martel set up over the center . martel Green 48 ! Green 48 ! Hut ! Hut ! the ball be snap and martel drop back . he look for a receiver and do not see anybody . he step up in the pocket , see a open and take off run down field . madden ( v.o . ) there go martel ! martel be a pretty good break field runner for a big guy . plus with the defense cover every possible receiver , he 's get a lot of daylight . nobody have touch he as he cross the fifteen . suddenly , a safety , smaller than martel , loom in front of he at the ten . martel go down in one of that wimpy quarterback slide before the safety can even hit he . bang ! the gun sound and the game be over . on madden and summerall they look at each other in disbelief summerall well ... martel go down ten yard short of a score . madden on maybe the last play of the season . summerall I think he might have slip . madden yeah , there 's a lot of that go around . on three redskin fan we will see this guy throughout . they be typical low level Washington bureaucrat name todd , rod and bob who live for the hog -- the traditional name for the redskin offensive linemen . Todd be shirtless and he entire upper body be paint redskin red . at that moment , they be livid with they quarterback and Bob be speak for they all . bob we be come to you house tonight , and we be gonna fuck kill you ! and if you get a dog , we be gonna kill you fuck dog too ! on annabelle behind she , the rest of the cheerleader be already walk away . annabelle look at quarterback martel with pure disgust as he walk off the field . CUT to : int . large bedroom - day the room 's blind be pull tightly against the bright sunlight . only the blue light of a tv illuminate anything . suddenly , we hear a old man in the bed give out with a loud pierce wail . the door to the room bang open and a English male nurse name augustine ripley , dress in white , come run in . he 's carry a syringe in each hand , poise at the ready . he run to the bed of the still wail edward francis o'neil ( 75 ) . o'neil be hook up to a oxygen tank , watch the just complete redskin game with the sound off . augustine do they win or lose ?! o'neil continue to wail . augustine that have the distinct tonal quality of a loss . he put one needle down and jab o'neil with the other one . he murmur to the old man as he inject he . augustine Nice medicine for a loss . keeps we calm . make we not so sad . keeps we on a even keel . give we some perspective , do not it ? and we will save the win medicine for next Sunday , will not we ? he finish . o'neil if you keep talk to I like I be a five - year - old , I be go to hurt you . augustine sound exciting . he reach for the phone and hit the speed dial . augustine we will want to talk to coach now , will not we ? he hand the phone to o'neil . o'neil ( on the phone ) what the fuck be that ?! intercut with : int . tildon' office coach tildon sit in he office . we can hear player get dress , listen to music and get shower outside he open door . tildon ( on the phone ) I think he slip . o'neil bullshit he slip ! he could have score ! anybody could have score ! I get one foot in the god damn grave and I could have score ! tildon mister o'neil , let 's face fact : the player be go out . it 's gonna happen . and nobody want to get hurt on the last play before a strike that could go on for the rest of the season . o'neil you god damn wimp ! you be fire ! get out ! get out ! get out ! o'neil throw the phone down . Augustine pick it up and then crank up the oxygen a notch . o'neil take big gulp of the rich air . augustine better ? it always make you feel better when you fire someone , we know it do , do not we ? yes ... o'neil get I Jimmy mcginty . get he here . tonight . o'neil suck hard on the oxygen . CUT to : int . redskin locker room - day a reporter be interview wilson jone , the huge defensive end for the redskin . Wilson wear a enormous diamond earring . Wilson be dress at he locker . wilson hey , man , I do what my union say . reporter but you be already one of the high pay player in the game . the fan just do not see the point of a player like you strike . wilson let I tell you something : I be a big man , you see ? Wilson hold he arm out . yes , he 's gigantic . wilson there be some day when I be so beat up , that I can not dress my own big ass . I ask management for a valet or some shit to help I dress and they say no way . so , fuck them ! player ( o.s. ) shut up everybody , here it be ... somebody turn up a tv in the locker room . on tv a handsome ex- player name Jerome lindell step up to a podium at a press conference . he 's wear a two thousand dollar suit . on the tv he be identify with a super : " jerome lindell -- President -- National football League player ' Association . " lindell ( v.o. ) I have just leave a meeting with representative of the owner and I be sad to say that they have refuse the player ' final demand which center around a rise in the current salary cap . ( more ) lindell ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) therefore , I be recommend that all n.f.l. player walk out and not play until we demand be meet . I want the player to walk out tall , to walk out righteous , to walk out in the knowledge that we do this as a team . we shall overcome the fat cat . I send peace to my union brother . the entire locker room be silent for a beat . and then everyone start get dress again , maybe a little slower than before . on wilson jone wilson shit , I be goin ' to Vegas . CUT to : int . o' neil be bedroom - close on o'neil - night as he sleep peacefully . the only sound be the hiss of he oxygen . then we hear ice cube slosh in a glass . o'neil open he eye and see : jimmy mcginty , a handsome devil in he late sixty , wear golf clothes and sip the last dregs of a scotch rock . mcginty you look like shit . o'neil I be die , Jimmy . mcginty you be die for twenty year . o'neil motion to the glass . Jimmy pour three finger from a glenlivet bottle and hand it to he . mcginty that poof of a nurse of yours be gonna kick my ass if he catch you drink . o'neil remove he oxygen to sip he whiskey . he smile as it go down . o'neil gimme a butt . mcginty I quit . o'neil no . mcginty nod . o'neil you pussy . I want you to come back as head coach . I fire that asshole tilden today . mcginty I be retire . and besides , you do not have a team . they all fly home in they jet to they castle . o'neil we be gonna finish the season anyway . all of we owner decide . we be gonna use replacement player . mcginty you be a bunch of greedy bastard , be not you ? o'neil we , greedy ?! what about the god damn player ?! I get the high payroll in the n.f.l. and they still want more ! mcginty that 's because you have be bottle - feed straight cash to this big baby for year . o'neil sip he whiskey and calm down . o'neil no team owner in they right mind be gonna give back that t.v. revenue . ( more ) o'neil ( cont 'd ) all we promise Fox be twenty - two guy with a pulse every Sunday . but think about it , Jimmy . we get a great opportunity here ! we get a chance to put a team on the field that play the game just for the love of it . like we use to play it . mcginty we also use to play without face guard . o'neil Jimmy , I be really die . the doctor say I will be go by superbowl Sunday . help I bring a winner back to d.c . you do it for I once before . you can do it again . mcginty listen : I golf once a week with the President of the United States . I walk my grandkid to school every day . I get a young wife who will fuck I any time I want , which frankly , be not too often , but it 's comforting to know it 's there . I do not need it . o'neil come on . would not it be fun ? a bunch of poor nobody who play to win instead of a bunch of bitchy millionaire ? you can put it together , Jimmy . player 's love you . they always have . mcginty pour more scotch and look into the glass . o'neil tell I you be gonna do it . mcginty shut up , I be think . ( pause ) okay . here 's the deal : you let I recruit who I want , with no interference ? o'neil absolutely . mcginty I be talk anybody I want . no exception . and no interference with my coach , either , like you use to . o'neil sure , Jimmy , sure . mcginty and one more thing : no more Notre Dame storey . you start tell I Notre Dame storey and I pull you plug personally . I swear to God . o'neil smile . o'neil deal . CUT to : int . redskin ' head coach office - day mcginty be sit behind the empty desk as he two main coaches give he a presentation . they be offensive coordinator leo pilachowski and defensive coordinator christopher bane . pilachowski ... six phone line with internet access on two : one for defense and one for offense . bane we think we would skip special team for the moment . pilachowski except for a kicker . we definitely need a kicker . a place kicker over a punter . bane the think be that if we lose the toss , we have to be able to at least kick off . both coaches laugh nervously . mcginty do not say anything . pilachowski okay . here 's the list of every player cut this past season . what we would like to do be ... mcginty ( interrupt ) that people ? ( point to list ) most of they be cut because they be shitty . mcginty take out a piece of paper of he own with a bunch of name on it . mcginty we be go to go another way here . I have do some scout since I retire . on a ad hoc basis , of course . and what I have here be a list of people I have keep a eye on . they have all play football somewhere , but only a few in the pro . and they have all get something ... unique to bring to the game . we be gonna take this people and try to put together a win team . and if nothing else , they should be fun to watch . mcginty look up when he sense someone stand in the doorway . it 's reese evan , the veteran redskin we see stand on the sideline with the clean uniform . evan you will not need a center . mcginty how you doin ' , reese ? evan bore and ready to retire . I be just look for one more hit . one more really good hit . mcginty what about the strike ? evan Hell , I be rich . I get no complaint with mister o'neil . I just want a chance to play one last time . ( more ) evan ( cont 'd ) shit , I would rather go out with a break leg than sit on the bench . mcginty nod to pilachowski . the coach take a marker and fill in " Evans " in the center circle . mcginty welcome to the new Washington redskin . ( to he coaches ) let 's find reese somebody to play with . CUT to : int . methamphetamine lab - day a bunch of biker type be cooking up a vat of speed . this guy be big , and badasslook . after a beat , one of the biker look up at the door . biker do you hear something ? the other biker shake he head , no . the one who ask the question walk over to the door and listen for a beat . nothing . he turn to go back and suddenly the door disintegrate in front of a charge man wear a " police " windbreaker . this be daniel bateman , a big , young , psychotic cop , who immediately run over the poor biker who be listen at the door , kick the guy in the head as he go by . Bateman dive on two more biker , and viciously head - butt one of they . he stuff the other 's head into the meth mixture , pull he out and club he with a big police blackjack , three quick time : Rap ! Rap ! Rap ! the guy go down like lead . Bateman look around and spot a big biker cower in a corner . the biker be terrify . Bateman take two stop toward the guy when suddenly three more cop wear windbreaker run in , out of breath . they look around at the unconscious biker . cop # 1 Jesus , Bateman ! why do not you ever wait for we ?! beep ! beep ! beep ! someone 's beeper be go off . the three cop look at theirs . nothing . the cower biker look at he . biker # 2 not I . Bateman pull he beeper , study it and look puzzle . bateman what area code be 703 ? cop # 1 Washington , D.C. CUT to : int . liquor store - day a loaf of wonder bread be spin through the air in slow motion . it come at we , twist and turn . on clifford franklin he 's tall , maybe 22 , and position behind the cash register . he 's wear a Washington redskin sweatshirt . clifford 's hand be up as he wait to catch the bread which be toss by he manager at the back of the store . the loaf hit clifford 's hand and then bounce out . it land on the counter in front of a ten -year -old smart - ass kid . kid Nice hand . clifford ( not amused ) what else ? kid a pack of marlboro reds , a pint of martel cognac and a box of trojans , extra long . clifford grab the kid 's two one - dollar bill , and make change for the bread . clifford get out of here . I be tell you mother you be talk like that . the kid leave . the manager yell from the back of the store as he hold up a portable phone . manager hey , clifford , somebody on the phone want you to play football next weekend . clifford tell them I gotta work Saturday . and I be watch the redskin on Sunday . ai not nothing stop I from watch the redskin on Sunday . ( mumble ) no way that 's gonna be happen , I not watch the redskin on Sunday . manager ( into phone ) he 's gotta work . ( pause ) they say they will pay you . clifford pay I ? how much ? manager ( on phone ) how much ? ( pause ) ten thousand five hundred dollar ! clifford ( stunne ) Ray , who the fuck be on the phone ?! manager ( pause ) it 's the Washington redskin ! clifford collapse . CUT to : int . backstage - night we hear deafen applause as we hold on andre and jamal william , two huge bodyguard , dress in identical black suit . suddenly , the artist formerly know as Prince come off stage , grab a towel from a assistant and start walk with jamal in front and Andre in the rear . as they walk , a cell phone ring . Andre pull it from he pocket and answer it , quietly . jamal run interference with the techy and groupy backstage . jamal ( to someone ) get out of the way ! ( to someone else ) do not look at he ! he do not like be look at , god damn it ! no eye contact ! as they walk , Andre be still talk on the phone . finally , they get to the backstage door and stop . the rock star prepare to run the gauntlet of ador fan behind he trusty bodyguard . but he bodyguard be converse quietly but urgently with each other . one of the assistant throw open the door . a big mob wait outside . the anoint one turn to he bodyguard to lead the way , but ... they be go ! the mob surge . the artist formerly know as Prince scream as he 's trample to death by he fan . CUT to : ext . marina del rey - day Shane falco , wear he patch wetsuit , climb out of he inflatable dinghy and flop onto the deck of he cabin cruiser . he look cold and tired . mcginty ( o.s. ) you look like a swordfish I catch once . Shane jump . mcginty be sit in a old deck chair on the stern of the boat . mcginty he hit the deck just like that . Shane study he visitor . shane and you look like that coach from the seventy . from the redskin . mcginty . except you look a shitload older . mcginty the price of happiness . something to take the chill off ? he offer Shane a elegant flask . Shane take it and drink . mcginty I be run the redskin again . and I want you to quarterback them . shane no , man , I have be out way too long . mcginty what , three year since San Diego dumped you ? that 's nothing . you be in shape , flopping around in the water like that . shane you know what my nickname be in San Diego , do not you ? mcginty sure . footstep . shane as in , I hear them and I dump the ball . mcginty well , you do not have much of a line to protect you . shane I get two concussion to prove it . mcginty that 's why girl do not play the game . mcginty drink from he flask . mcginty I scout you when you be play at Ohio State . I tell San Diego they be probably make a mistake when they sign you . shane ( truly shocked ) no kid ? mcginty oh , you have a lot of tool : a quick release . fast . a scrambler by nature . good downfield vision . but you get hurt a lot . and worst of all , you never could win the big game . what do you lose the sugar bowl by , you senior year ? what , forty point ? shane forty -five . and now you want to recruit I ? mcginty a scramble quarterback be gonna do real well in this new replacement environment . and to tell you the truth , I think I can help you with you biggest problem . shane okay . what 's my biggest problem ? mcginty courage . I think that sugar bowl take it all out of you . there 's a beat as Shane look away . shane I be retire from football . mcginty yeah , and it look like thing have be go really well for you since . Shane do not meet mcginty 's eye . shane I like be here . it 's quiet . I like be alone . mcginty yeah . no scream crowd , that 's for sure . ( pause ) you know what separate the winner from the loser ? gettin ' back on the horse . the one that kick you in the tooth . you be still young . you still get bag of talent . if you do well , who know what will happen when the strike end ? Shane keep stare out at the water . mcginty you want I to tell you you be not go to get hurt ? you know you will . no doubt about that . but , hell ... mcginty point to the boat in the harbor . mcginty ... would not you rather get hurt than scrape the shit off of other guy ' toy ? CUT to : ext . queen ( new york ) - day we be right off queen boulevard on a busy side street where lou pacifico , 30 , be take book . Lou be short , dark and handsome . he lean against the wall of a liquor store . passerby # 1 deuce and a eightball on go down , rita in the eighth . Lou write quickly on a small pad . after a beat , another passerby lean in and whisper something to Lou . Lou write quickly again . &gt ; from across the street a old woman stick she head out of a four-story walk - up . this be lou' mother who speak with a heavy italian accent . mother Louis , you get a phone call ! lou ( from across the street ) who be it ? mother it 's the Washington foreskin . lou what ?! ma , what be you , out a you tree ? mother ( yell louder ) I be tell you they say it 's the Washington foreskin ! foreskin ! foreskin ! foreskin ! people in the street be now start to look up at this old woman scream " foreskin ! " Louis quickly cross the street to he apartment house . but at that moment , a soccer ball bounce toward he from where a group of kid be play in a alley . out of pure instinct , Lou give it a mighty boot . we follow the arc of the ball as it sail down the block . everyone stop to admire the kick . still airborne , the ball cross queen boulevard . at that moment , a very old mafioso type be be help from he limo by several lieutenant . pow ! the ball hit the old guy right in the back of the head , knock off he porkpie hat and drop he to the pavement like a bullet . the lieutenant pull pistol and surround they fall leader . on lou he see what happen and quickly duck into he apartment house . on one mafia lieutenant he spot Lou before he disappear inside . CUT to : ext . high school practice field - day coach roland lamont , a good-look ex - run back in he late twenty , be coach a high school player . we can see that roland be wear a pretty substantial knee brace . he hold up a football . roland cut right on I , now . right on I . he pitch the ball out to one kid , who run right at he , step on roland 's foot with he cleat and then cut around he . roland scream and fall to the ground . roland not right on I , goddamn it ! he writhes there a beat until he hear : voice ( o.s. ) coach Lamont ! phone call ! Long distance . Washington , d.c . it 's the Washington redskin ! roland hold he foot and manage a smile because he seem to know what the phone call mean . roland ( to the sky ) thank you , Lord ! CUT to : ext . big o ( WASHINGTON d.c . ) - magic hour the stadium appear empty . suddenly , a football throw with a perfect spiral come at we . reverse angle we see the ball sail cleanly through a rubber ring attach to the crossbar on the goalpost . on shane falco he 's in short and a sweatshirt take snap from center reese Evans . evan Nice . try a roll to the right . Evans bend over another ball . Shane set up in the shotgun . o'neil ( v.o. ) Shane ' footstep ' falco ? this be what you be go to build a offense around ? ext . stand - magic hour mcginty be sit with o'neil on the fifty yard line twenty row back . Augustine hold o'neil 's oxygen tank as the old man sit huddle in a coat that 's way too big for he . o'neil Christ , Jimmy , I ask you to build I a team base on ball and the first player I see be footstep falco ?! mcginty he 's get as much natural talent as any quarterback in the league . o'neil and he 's get the happiest foot I have ever see ! mcginty all he need be a shot of self - confidence . he 's we quarterback . that 's the way it be . o'neil what about a safety ? we get two a day start tomorrow and a game in five day ! and we still do not have a safety ?! o'neil motion to Augustine for more oxygen . augustine here we go . Nice fat little hit . he turn the valve up . o'neil breathes deeply . o'neil I call a friend of mine who just happen to be the Governor of maryland . mcginty terrific , the Governor be go to play safety ? o'neil do not worry about it . on shane he drill a perfect spiral through the circle . CUT to : ext . big o - morning a ramp at the rear of the stadium give vehicle access to the interior . the bottom of this ramp be now a maelstrom of activity . the regular Washington redskin be in a picket line walk in circle . the player be dress in everything from fur coat to expensive leather jacket and leather pants . half of they be on cell phone . we can see some of they car park haphazardly nearby : bmw , porsch , mercede , etc . Jerome lindell , the president of the player ' Association , be be interview on camera by a reporter . reporter as president of the player ' Association , what do you presence mean here , mister lindell ? lindell very simply , support for this fine player and union man . Washington D.C. be the home of freedom and the collective bargain agreement . I be here to remind all Americans that the owner be no better than the robber baron of the nineteenth century . they have blatantly go out and hire scab , which be against all principle of we constitution and the declaration of Independence and probably even the emancipation proclamation . the picketer start shouting and point . lindell and here come the scabskin now ! a bus slowly make its way towards the ramp and the picketer . int . bus - morning Shane be sit in the first seat with reese Evans ( center ) . we move behind they and see , among other , Daniel Bateman ( psychotic cop ) , clifford Franklin ( can not catch a loaf of bread ) , jamal and Andre Williams ( ex - bodyguard ) , Lou pacifico ( kicker and bookmaker ) , and roland Lamont ( ex -high school coach ) . bang ! egg start hitting the bus window . we can hear the regular player chant : player scabskin ! scabskin ! scabskin ! on clifford franklin he 's very excited as he look out the window at the strike player . roland Lamont sit next to he . clifford oh God , there 's Eddie martel ! and Wilson Jones ! I love Wilson Jones ! yo , Wilson ! yo , player ! on wilson his big face loom right outside the bus window . he look piss off and scary . on lou pacifico he lean across he seat to Shane . lou hey , Lou pacifico . Shane shake he hand . shane Shane falco . lou I know . I lose a ton a money on that sugar bowl disaster of yours . wow . do you get you butt kick or what ? on jamal he 's look out the window when a eeg splat against it . he turn to he brother Andre : jamal you know I do not take that shit . jamal reach into he jacket and start to pull out a nine-millimeter pistol . Andre stop he . andre be cool . int . bowel of stadium - day a nondescript van pull up and a muscle , deadly - look guy in handcuffs and jail issue clothes get out . this be bearded safety earl ( he-ai not - no - girl ) wilkinson . a maryland state trooper unlock the cuff . Earl look ... hungry . ext . stadium - day the replacement be get off the bus as the player chant . player scabskin ! scabskin ! when reese Evans ( former redskin center ) get off the bus , the player go wild . reese coolly give they the international suck my dick sign . clifford get off behind he . he wave and smile at the strike player . they throw rotten fruit at clifford in return . CUT to : int . equipment room - day sid , a oldtimer equipment man fold towel . behind he , we can see helmet , pad , etc . mcginty walk up drag Shane who be fully dress in a uniform , include helmet . mcginty ( to sid ) what be this ? mcginty point to the intricate face guard on Shane 's helmet . it 's a exaggerated version of a lineman 's cage with so much metal criss -crossing that you can hardly see Shane 's face . mcginty he 's a quarterback ! how be he suppose to see ? sid he tell I he be a linebacker ! shane I can see . mcginty hold up three finger . mcginty how many finger ? shane two . no , wait . Three . CUT to : ext . field - day Andre and jamal be hit the block sled simultaneously . they drive it out of frame . on shane he 's now wear a helmet with a twobar quarterback face guard . he take a snap and pitch out to run back roland Lamont . roland , now wear a big knee brace , look sharp as he cut to the outside . on pilachowski the offensive coordinator be stand with mcginty who be concentrate on the scrimmage . suddenly , pilachowski spot someone . his mouth drop open . on mickey lee he 's a fourhundred - fifty - pound ex - sumo wrestler cramme into a redskin uniform . fat roll be visible everywhere . pilachowski oh my God . that 's disgusting ! Lee walk up . mcginty bow and say something in japanese . Lee bow and answer back in japanese . then they shake hand . mcginty how you doin ' , mickey ? lee not bad , coach . mcginty you look great . why do not you work out at leave tackle ? lee you get it . Lee put on he helmet , pull he ponytail out the back and rumble away . pilachowski be look at mcginty like he 's crazy . pilachowski you be not serious . mcginty I meet mickey in Hawaii . when he be even bigger . he 's a sumo wrestler . that mean he 's a expert at push people around . that 's what pass block be , Leo . defensive coordinator Christopher bane come run up in a lather . bane ( to mcginty ) I get a defensive end who 's deaf !! pilachowski ( watch Lee walk away ) I will trade you for a tackle who 's gonna play in a diaper . bane how can I coach a deaf man ?! mcginty you do not have to ... he look across the field at a big , good - look kid name brian murray who be in the middle of a pass rush drill . Murray look really fast , especially for he size . mcginty Brian Murray would have go in the first round five year back if he have not be bear deaf . I first see he play right here in D.C. for galludet College . he 's a hell of a athlete . you will not have to tell he anything . bane I can not believe it ! I get to be able to communicate with he . mcginty then learn to sign . hey , look at it this way : he will never get pull off side on a audible . mcginty think this be funny as shit . on shane he 's just do a fivestop drop on a pass play . he 's look down field when he see something scary . shane oh shit ! no ! he throw the ball away and then be nail and take down on he back by Bateman ( psychotic cop ) . Shane groan and lie there with Bateman on top of he . bateman hi , I be Danny . shane ( groan ) Shane . mcginty pull Bateman up . mcginty Nice pop , Danny . bateman thank 's , coach ! Danny run off . shane what be that ? mcginty Danny Bateman . ex -cop , ex - Marine , ex-rugby . he 's absolutely harmless , if you just play dead . mcginty help Shane up . mcginty San Diego use you all wrong . you be not a drop back passer . you be a scrambler . like you be in college . so , we be gonna roll out . a lot . get use to set up on the run . you will live a lot longer . shane I be very interested in that . CUT to : practice montage a ) bateman be line up at middle linebacker . when the play start , he run headlong into four blocker and take they all down with he . B ) wide receiver clifford franklin beat he man , and turn as Shane , roll out to he leave , put the ball right on he number . Franklin drop it . C ) andre and jamal on the snap , they pull to lead a sweep . unfortu -nately , each think the play be to they side . they forearm each other and then get into a fight . D ) lou pacifico boot one from thirty - five yard through the upright . he smile , take out a marlboro Light and a bic and fire up . E ) clifford franklin pull up , do a button hook and Shane put the ball in he hand . Franklin drop it . F ) lee the sumo guy , hit the block sled and turn it over . G ) bateman be down on the ground viciously punch another player as two assistant try to pull he off . h ) franklin be in a crossing pattern in the end zone . Shane put the ball right in front of he . unfortunately , it hit he in the hand . CUT to : ext . field - day Shane be suck down water from the portable water cart when head cheerleader annabelle farrell walk up . she 's dress in tight workout clothes . annabelle annabelle farrell , head redskinette . shane Excuse I ? annabelle I be in charge . of the redskinettes . the cheerleader ? shane oh yeah , hi . annabelle I have be watch you . you look good . you look strong . good quick release . smart . you read defense quickly . you be gonna do great . shane hey ... thanks . annabelle I see you second concussion . the one against Cleveland . pow ! you could hear it in the cheap seat . but you complete the pass . that 's what count . shane I guess so . annabelle if there 's anything you need , let I know . and I mean anything , okay ? you understand ? Shane be really not sure . shane sure . I understand . annabelle they put you up at the Hilton ? shane yeah . annabelle good . remember : anything . you get it ? okay ? Shane nod . she walk away . we watch she world - class ass move across the gridiron . on mcginty and clifford franklin mcginty be hold a ball and talk to he wide receiver . mcginty ... because it 's a damn waste of all that speed , clifford . I tell you that when you be in high school . you have get to catch the ball , son . this be the main idea of the pass game . clifford I know , coach , I know . mcginty okay . I assume that you have touch a woman in a romantic way , have you not ? clifford oh yeah , coach , sure . in a , you know , romantic way . mcginty good . from here on out , you touch this football , all the time ... he shove the football in clifford 's hand . mcginty ... just like you touch you girl friend . I better not see you without this ball . you understand ? mcginty start to walk away . clifford coach , wait ! can I still like touch my girl friend if I do not , you know , let go of the ball ? mcginty think about that . mcginty yes , clifford , if you can manage that , absolutely . CUT to : int . locker room - day Andre and jamal be just about dress . Andre help jamal on with he jacket . jamal then help Andre on with he . on shane he 's stripped down sit on a bench . Reporters be try to interview he . microphone be in he face and video camera jockey for position . shane ... just glad to be back play . that 's all I have really get to say . reporter but where have you be ? what have you be do to make a live ? shane well ... I have be involved lately in the ... aquatic business ... on mickey lee and roland lamont mickey be watch roland unbuckle he big complicated knee brace . ( note : there should be something slightly medieval about this brace . ) mickey you only play one game ?! roland actually , less than two minute . I be a rookie third round pick in ' 93 . we be play Atlanta in the home opener . near the end of the first quarter , they send I in , I take a screen pass over the middle and get hit by both linebacker . simultaneously . one a side . my knee turn into wet toilet paper . end of career . mickey can you play on it now ? roland take out a wrench and start unscrew a bolt on he brace . roland I have be teach high school football for five year . it 's not a bad life . I be good at it . there be some day when I actually love it . but for one more shot at this ? shit. I would give it all up . this time , they be gonna have to take I out in a box . on earl wilkinson ( criminal ) he 's stand naked in front of he locker stare with anticipation at a garment bag . slowly , he unzip the bag revealing a beautiful new suit . he touch the lapel reverently . on clifford franklin he 's sit in front of a locker , hold he football , with a shit-ass - eat grin . someone walk by . clifford I get Wilson boone 's locker , man . do you believe that shit ? he drop he ball and quickly pick it up again . he look around to make sure coach do not see he . dissolve to : ext . big o parking lot - morning the regular redskin be out in force , hold sign as they lean on they beamer and porsch . Shane pull up in a batter ' 89 Honda . when he get out , he 's immediately surround by six strike regular , lead by quarterback Eddie martel and defensive end Wilson Jones . martel hey , you can not park there . shane look , I do not want any trouble . martel you do not want any trouble ?! you be take my job away , but you do not want any trouble ? ( to Wilson ) he do not want any trouble , but he put this piece of shit in a no parking zone . Shane look but it 's obvious he 's park legally . shane okay . I will move it . martel no , we will do that for you . go ahead , Wilson . move it for he . Wilson motion to another big guy . the two of they proceed to roll the Honda over on its roof . it land with a crunch . jamal ( o.s. ) you all put that car back . everybody turn to see Andre and jamal walk towards they . wilson who the fuck be you ? andre we be the people who take care of the quarterback . we be the guard . all the regular laugh at this . jamal put the car back . gently . wilson kiss my ass . shane ( to jamal ) it 's okay . jamal no , it 's not . jamal point to a gorgeous midnight blue porsche . jamal ( to Wilson ) that 's you ride , be not it ? before Wilson can even answer , jamal pull he nine millimeter . boom ! boom ! no more porsche windshield . all the regular redskin dive for cover . wilson my windshield ! you crazy motherfucker ! jamal move he car back . wilson my car ! jamal raise he gun again . pow ! no porsche driver 's side window . wilson no! stop ! he turn to he cower teammate . wilson come on , help I , god damn it ! the guy quickly pick up the Honda and put it right side up . wilson ( to jamal ) you be gonna pay for this . jamal no I be not . and quit mess with my man here . that include he ride . jamal spin the nine and holster it . Andre and jamal get on either side of Shane . they look at each other and then quickly switch side . andre let 's go to practice , Shane . shane let 's do that . Shane smile at he guard , smile at the still - shocked redskin , and they move out . CUT to : int . locker room bathroom - day Shane , dress in pad and pants , open the door and walk in . during the open and close of the door we hear : assistant coach ( o.s. ) ... so if anyone do have any firearm , we need to turn that in as soon as possible , no question ask ... Shane stand in front of the urinal and go through the painstake process of locating he dick . first he wrestle open he football pants and then have to deal with the cup , etc . next to he , at another urinal , be walter cochran , a big , serious bornagain tackle . as he piss , walter have he Bible propped open behind the flush handle so he will not miss a minute of scripture . walter praise the Lord , Shane . shane yeah . sure . walter Walt cochran . Offensive tackle . Shane nod . walter pee for a beat . walter Shane , will you witness with I ? shane will I what ? walter will you witness with I ? for this upcoming practice . shane now ? by now Shane be pissing too . walter praise the Lord for give we a way to eliminate , Shane . why not talk to him in the midst of perform he gift ? walter take he hand off he whizzing member and hold it out to Shane . Shane look at walter 's hand for a long time , but finally , he remove he own guide hand and clasp walter 's hand tentatively . reverse angle they continue pissing as they hold hand . walter heavenly Father , thank you for allow we to pee the poison from we system . please help we in today 's practice to be strong and ... CUT to : ext . mcginty's house - day a barbecue be in progress for the new Washington redskin at the beautiful home of coach mcginty . the huge back yard feature a pool and a cater buffet / barbecue . Andre and jamal be load down they plate . mickey Lee be gnaw on a two - foot slab of rib . Lou pacifico have a little three card monty go at a picnic table . coach mcginty be hold up a beautiful baby girl to the admire player . he kiss the baby and then hand the child to he gorgeous young wife . Augustine be push mister o'neil in a wheelchair . they pass the outside bar and o'neil suddenly lunge for a bottle of tequila . Augustine have to rip it out of he hand . coach bane and Earl wilkinson ( criminal ) be talk to a distinguished - look big man in he fifty . this be a D.C. circuit court judge . bane where do you play , judge ? wait . do I call you judge ? judge you honor , or judge be fine . I play at Harvard . but I play in the day when you go both way . offense and defense . when player be really tough . ( to wilkinson ) and where do you play college ball ... I be sorry , what be you name again ? wilkinson be smile but he look dangerous . wilkinson Smith . Ray Smith . I play at a junior college nobody ever hear of . what position do you play on defense , judge ? judge Middle linebacker . wilkinson yeah , big fellow like you , that 's what I would have guess . judge it be a different game in that day . raw. powerful . no trick , like today . wilkinson you know , maybe you can show I some of you technique , you honor . maybe you can show I some of that toughness . judge I would be glad to ! there 's a evil glint in wilkinson 's eye . int . mcginty's house - day Shane be stand alone in a large hallway look at a enormous trophy case stuff with the spoil of football . annabelle ( o.s. ) you would think he 's do enough . Shane turn and see she . she 's as fetching as ever . annabelle mcginty , I mean . shane I be kind of think the same thing . annabelle my theory be he come out of retirement to see if he could win with loser . ( pause ) oh , shit . I be sorry . I do not mean ... shane ( interrupt ) hey , it 's okay . I have be call worse . annabelle like after that sugar bowl game ? I guess you could survive anything after that . Shane have to actually smile at this . shane sometimes I feel like everybody in the world see that game . like I could go to India and some little guy would run up to I and say , ' Boy , do you suck in the ' 92 sugar bowl . ' annabelle laugh . shane so , how come you be such a fan ? annabelle my dad . he 's a huge redskin fan . for year . he 's in he twenty - ninth year at the Senate Office Building . as a guard , not a senator . the only thing that keep he go he say , be I and the redskin . that 's where I get it . my fan -ness . ( suddenly ) be you scared ? Shane be totally take off guard by this woman . shane scare ? well ... yes . absolutely . annabelle it 's okay . anybody would be . but you be good . and you will do good . shane well , thank you . look , I gotta study the play book tonight . so ... I will see you . annabelle break a leg tomorrow . shane what ?! annabelle it 's from the theater . for open night . you say the worst thing that can happen . and it will not . break a leg . Shane wave uncertainly and walk away . ext . mcginty's back yard - day the judge ( now with he jacket off ) and wilkinson be line up across from each other in a three - point stance in something call a man maker drill . the entire team form two lane on either side of they , as they face off . the idea be to knock the other guy down and get by he . judge alright , this be how we use to stop a run back . wilkinson I can not wait . someone say hut ! and wilkinson slam into the Republican 16th circuit Court judge and knock he head over heel . the judge land on he back , wham ! he 's out cold . wilkinson slap hand with Andre and jamal . wilkinson oooh ... get I a judge ! man , that feel good ! CUT to : ext . big o stadium - day it 's another beautiful fall afternoon and car be enter the stadium parking lot . at one of the entrance , the strike redskin be picketing . Jerome lindell ( NFL player President ) be still march with they . a little boy stop one of the redskin and ask for a autograph on a program . the player give it to he and the kid walk away . lindell run after the kid , grab the program and rip off the page the player sign . lindell ( to kid ) do not be ask for no autograph from the real player and then go in and watch the scab ! the kid retreat quickly . lindell rip up the page . lindell ( to the player ) that be not the message we want to send we child ! CUT to : int . locker room - day it 's very quiet . Shane sit in pad and no jersey , methodically squeezing a football . reese Evans , he center , stop by . evan you okay ? Shane nod and give a nauseous - look smile . evan remember to nod you head on the snap . shane ( out of it ) nod my head ? evan for when Murray 's in . the deaf kid . hello ? he need to look at you on the snap . Shane nod that he understand but he go back to stare at a wall . Andre and jamal sit face each other . Andre throw a vicious forearm at jamal 's head but jamal catch it . they both nod in approval . Lou pacifico smoke and stare . Bateman be lean against a wall , fully dress , helmet on . he 's stare into space and smile to himself . he look terrifying . Earl wilkinson ( the criminal ) be polish a beautiful pair of new alligator shoe . clifford Franklin look at himself in the mirror as he ceremoniously put on he helmet . walter cochran be read he Bible in front of he locker , which feature a picture of Jesus and a cross . mickey Lee ( ex - sumo ) be sit in front of a bowl of hard boil egg . he 's methodically pop they into he mouth . he eat four as we watch . coach pilachowski come up to Lee and watch he eat . pilachowski what be you , crazy ? nobody eat right before a game . lee I always eat before a big match . I need the bulk . like a hole in the head he need the bulk . coach mcginty come strolling through the locker room , the picture of calm . he walk by defensive end / tight end Brian Murray and sign to he to have a good game . Murray sign back , " thanks , coach . " cochran spot mcginty and put down he Bible . cochran coach mcginty , I would like to lead the team in the pregame prayer . mcginty no. no praying . that 's the problem with professional sport today : too much god damn praying . five hundred dollar fine to the first man I hear praying . mcginty turn and bum a egg from mickey and walk to the middle of the locker room . he eat the egg as he turn slowly and take in he player . mcginty a lot of people be wait for you to fall on you ass today . and guess what ? you be go to . but I do not give a shit if you look funny out there . or if you miss a block , or drop a pass , or trip over you own dick . this be professional . and the difference between professional and amateur , between play for the Washington redskin and Michigan State be simply ... money . you be be pay to win . not just to play . not just to learn how to be good sport . not for the alumnus . you be be pay to win . I do not care how the fuck you do it . but I be demand it . because that guy whose place you be take have forget that simple fact . so , go win it . he walk away . the player get up and start move . CUT to : ext . big o - day we be focused on a enormous , plastic blow - up Washington redskin helmet that bob on the ground in front of the exit to the field . the idea be , the player will run into and then out of the helmet as they be introduce . annabelle and she fellow twenty cheerleader be line up on either side of the bob helmet , wait for the player . on madden and summerall they be in they booth , vamp on camera . madden ... pretty bold move by New England Patriot owner Victor kiam , who go out and buy a entire semi-pro team once the strike happen . ( more ) madden ( cont 'd ) redskin management , on the other hand , be go with a bunch of unknown . they public relation people do not even have bio yet on most of they player , although we will see one or two familiar face out there today . summerall like Shane falco , the enormously talented college quarterback from Ohio State , who never fulfil he potential in the pro' . ( to madden ) wow , remember that sugar bowl falco quarterback when Florida State cream they ? madden oh , yeah , they be absolutely decimate ! summerall dusted . and if I be not mistaken , falco set a record in that game for bowl interception . anyway , for some of this player this be another shot ; a last shot , probably , for a guy like falco ... CUT to : int . tunnel - day Shane be look out at the field through the blow - up helmet . he look scared . suddenly , a cannon go off with a stomach - resounding boom ! Shane jump . announcer ( v.o. ) lady and gentleman , you Washington redskin ! in stand a sparse crowd be in attendance , mostly diehard fan like Todd , Rod and Bob , who be deck out in burgundy and gold . they look drunk already as they cheer like mad . announcer ( v.o. ) here 's the start defense today ... int . tunnel Bateman be first in line . he look like a racehorse on cocaine . announcer ( v.o . ) at middle linebacker , number 56 , Daniel Bateman ! Bateman take off at a dead run out of the tunnel and into the helmet . on he foot it hit a wire stretch across the ground inside the helmet . on bateman he trip big-time into the side of the helmet . he bounce ( it 's inflate , remember ? ) to the other side , bounce again and be shot out of the front of it like a cannon ball . on cheerleader Bateman bounce out of the helmet and take out the first six cheerleader . Girls fly leave and right . one girl be knock out of she shoe . on madden and summerall madden cover he face . summerall look pain . summerall oh , my ... in stand even the hardcore Todd , Rob and Bob can hardly look at the carnage . outside stand a contingent of strike player like Eddie martel and Wilson Jones huddle in the parking lot . they be laugh they ass off as they watch on a personal tv . on field cheerleader be down and scream in pain . annabelle be run from girl to girl , do triage . on bateman he 's sheepishly stand to one side as trainer come out to assist . int . blowup helmet jamal and Shane be examine the trip wire . obviously , they be sabotage . jamal bastard . announcer ( v.o. ) and now ... uh , the rest of the Washington redskin . the rest of the team walk unceremoniously out of the helmet and onto the field . CUT to : ext . field - day boom ! the Patriot kicker put one in the end zone for a touchback . the ball be place on the twenty as Shane and the offense walk out onto the field . Shane walk slowly toward the huddle that 's form . in huddle Andre and mickey Lee be argue . andre that 's where I stand . lee no it 's not . andre come on , man , that 's my spot in the huddle . on shane as he walk , we hear mcginty 's voice in Shane 's helmet . yes , they do it by one - way helmet radio so the filter voice you hear be mcginty , speak into he headset mike . mcginty ( v.o. ) all right , son , nice and easy now . let 's run we ten plan play , get a feel for the land ... Shane walk into the huddle and chaos . andre ... fat fuck nip ! you do not know shit ! lee what do you call I ?! andre you hear I , you tub a rice shit ! shane hold on , what 's the problem here ? Andre and Lee ignore Shane and start push each other . lee I be gonna kick you black ass ... andre you be not kickin ' jack shit ... now jamal get involved as Shane try to get between they . jamal ( to Lee ) do not be mess with my brother ... shane hey , hold on ... on ref he 's watch the play clock and when it get to zero he pull he penalty flag and throw it . ref delay of game ! five yard ! in huddle Lee suddenly punch Andre through he face guard . Andre knock into Shane and spin he around . jamal then go to punch Lee , he miss and nail Shane in the back of the helmet . Shane go down hard . on madden and summerall they look confuse . summerall ... I do not know . something seem to be go on in the huddle . it look like ... yes , Shane falco be on he back . they have not run a play yet but falco be down . madden this be not a good sign . on field trainer race out to Shane , who be lie face up with the huddle stand over he . shane ( clear the cobweb ) what happen ? be I hurt already ? Shane sit up . suddenly , he remember what happen . shane God damn it ! I be the quarterback ! I be the only one suppose to talk in the huddle ! andre yeah , but he take my place ... shane I do not give a shit ! Shane get to he foot . shane huddle up ! everybody lean in . shane if you have get something to say , raise you hand ! be that understand ?! Lee raise he hand . Shane grit he tooth and nod . lee suppose like , you do not feel good . or you be hurt or something like that . then what ? shane then you tell I before the huddle start ! okay , listen up : 68 blue east storm toss . on two . jamal raise he hand . shane what ?! jamal that 's to the right ... right ? andre no , it 's to the leave . shane it 's to the right ! jamal you better be quiet , Shane , they will hear you . we do hear a whistle . a penalty flag fly by . ref delay of game ! five yard ! Shane throw up he hand . on mcginty he 's talk into he mike . mcginty what the hell be go on ? on madden and summerall madden well , Pat , so far the redskin have minus ten yard offensively . on o'neil he 's in bed suck oxygen watch the game . Augustine sit with he . o'neil turn it off . this be go to kill I . on redskin huddle it break this time and everyone run to the line of scrimmage . shane Blue 68 . Blue 68 ! Hut ! Hut ! on the snap , Shane turn to head off to Lamont but instead run right into jamal who knock he down . Shane look up at jamal . shane have you suddenly decide you do not like I , jamal ? jamal oh . you say it be to the right , do not you ? in huddle Shane lean in . shane okay . let 's try something simple . 18 red leave slot open . ( to jamal ) that 's to the leave ! they break and Shane line up over he center . shane eighteen red ! eighteen red ! Hut ! Hut ! on the snap , Shane hand to Lamont who sweep leave , cut inside and pick up eight yard . Shane be ecstatic . shane yeah ! and then a penalty flag fly by . ref holding ! number 78 . Shane look at jamal who be try desperately to hide he number . Shane lean in with the next play . cochran , play right tackle , can not resist . cochran you see . we should have pray . shane shut up ! pass. 22 solo right slot ' a , ' y stick . on one . they break and come to the line of scrimmage . shane twenty - two green . Hut ! Shane do a play action fake to Lamont and then turn downfield . wham ! he 's bury by three defender . the ball squirt loose and the patriot recover . on pilachowski he 's livid on the sideline . as he offensive line come off he rant at they . Shane hobble off past : the defense rush onto the field lead by Bateman . summerall ( v.o. ) Washington come up a minus fourteen yard on they first possession . on patriot they break they huddle and come to the line of scrimmage . Bateman be snort fire . Earl wilkinson ( with smith on the back of he jersey ) patrol the secondary and call out the formation . earl Wide right ! you get wide right ! check on the wing ! the patriot quarterback set up over center . patriot qb Blue fourteen ! bam ! Bateman run offside and flatten the quarterback . penalty flag fly everywhere . on sideline defensive coordinator bane roll he eye . the ref move the ball five yard and give the offside sign . on patriot they come out of the huddle again . patriot qb Green eighty - seven ! pow ! Bateman dive offside again and forearm the quarterback , knock he on he back . flag fly again . one Patriot lineman make the mistake of push Bateman . Bateman literally jump on he head . more flag fly . on sideline bane be scream something unintelligible at Bateman . on ball it 's march downfield by the ref , this time fifteen yard . over this we hear : summerall ( v.o. ) I think the redskin just set a record for penalty in the first three minute . we be wait for the stat on that ... here come the patriot again . CUT to : first half montage a ) shane roll to he right but the blitz be on and he reverse and roll leave . he 's finally cornere and have to dump the ball off . the pass be incomplete and he 's knock on he ass . B ) shane fake to Lamont and roll again . he fire a bullet to Franklin on a down and out . clifford actually catch the ball , then bobble it and in try to get possession again , hand the ball to the defender . the defender can not believe it for a beat and then he streak down the sideline and score . C ) mcginty just shake he head . D ) todd , rob and bob scream in pain . Rod pour he own beer over he own head . E ) o'neil look disgust as he watch with Augustine . F ) bateman grab the oppose run back ' face mask and spin he around and around . flag fly everywhere . G ) shane be on the run again look for a receiver . he finally throw the ball ... right into the hand of the oppose safety . Shane dive for the guy and miss . the safety score . h ) annabelle be try desperately to get the crowd into the game by jump up and down and wave she pom pom . five guy right in front of she get up from they seat , take all they stuff and leave . CUT to : ext . game - angle on scoreboard - second quarter show the patriot up 17 to 0 . on shane he 's roll in the back field again look for a receiver . shane's Pov nothing but meat come at he . back to scene Shane panic and toss the ball out of bound . Shane look at mcginty on the sideline . we hear mcginty 's voice . mcginty ( v.o. ) you have Lamont open in the flat . Shane put he head down like he know it . mcginty ( v.o. ) come on , now , son . pick up you pace on the roll . see the big picture . Pump and fake , pump and fake . in huddle everyone be dirty , sweat bullet and breathe very hard . Shane lean into the huddle . Lee be raise he hand . shane what ? lee I do not feel good . and with that he promptly vomit sixteen egg . andre oh , God ! cochran oooooh ... jamal man , that 's ripe ! everyone be reacting . some player gag . evan Shane , we get to move ! shane okay . on the count of three . everyone more leave . Hut ! Hut ! Hut ! on huddle eleven bentover guy move in unison with tiny step to they leave . on patriot ' linebacker the guy watch the huddle move . patriot lb what the fuck be this ? on madden and summerall summerall have he binocular on the move huddle . summerall John , how many year have we be call game together ? madden seventeen , I think . Pat just hand John the binocular . in huddle Shane call the play as they continue to move as one . shane U brown right , west 19 a lead . that 's you , mickey . puke on he if you have to . on huddle the huddle stop and they break for the line of scrimmage . on lee he line up face to face with the patriot ' defensive end . Lee breathes in the guy 's face and the Patriot gag . shane ( o.s. ) Hut ! Lee run right over the guy . he 's quickly follow by Lamont with the ball . Lamont run for eighteen yard and a first down . on patriot defensive end he 's wave for a substitute as he weave off the field . madden ( v.o. ) very nice off tackle run by Lamont . execution be letter perfect . summerall ( v.o. ) that put the redskin in field goal range . and here come pacifico to see if he can get they on the board before the half end . on pacifico he flick he smoke away as he run out onto the field . int . bar ( queen , new york ) a guy sit at the bar turn he head quickly to the televise game when he hear pacifico 's name . this be the same mafioso type who see Lou kick the ball that knock the godfather 's hat off . remember ? ext . big o - on shane - day he crouch down and wait for the snap from Evans . pacifico line himself up . madden ( v.o. ) this will be a forty - five yarder . that 's a tough distance for you first n.f.l. field goal try . shane Hut ! it 's a perfect snap . Shane spot it , pacifico belt it . and it go through for three . on todd , rod and bob they begin immediately sing " hail to the redskin , " a march always sung after a score . they and the sparse crowd in the stadium know and sing every word . on pacifico he get high fives all around . then Bateman run up and in he ecstasy , slap pacifico in the head . pacifico go down , knock out cold . on cheerleader led by annabelle , the girl be do a stir finale to " hail to the redskin . " CUT to : int . locker room - day ( half - time ) everyone be lie on the floor . Shane have ice bag on he head , shoulder , elbow and both knee . pacifico be get smell salt from a trainer as Bateman hover nearby wait to apologize . mickey Lee be chew ice . cochran be read he Bible . mcginty walk in and bend down to Shane . mcginty ( quietly ) you get to look for Murray over the middle . you get to trust I on this : he 's a big , tough kid with good hand . shane we can not put three play together without a penalty , a fumble of a fight . mcginty you still get a whole half leave . you be a thoroughbre out there run against a bunch a nag . you can pick this fucker apart . Shane smile through he pain . shane you be good . you be really good . CUT to : ext . field - day the patriot have the ball . they quarterback drop back for a pass and throw it . on wilkinson Earl be cover the intend receiver . he deftly step in front of the guy , and make a diving catch . on madden and summerall summerall another terrific interception by Smith . that 's he second . madden start shuffle through page . madden yeah , this guy be a player . he find the paper he 's look for . madden accord to the redskin , Ray Smith ... be ... that 's weird . no college give , no high school give . it just say he 's be a resident of the state of maryland for the last four year and five month . like to embroider . CUT to : ext . field - day Shane be walk toward the huddle . in he ear , he hear : mcginty ( v.o ) half you job be get that huddle in the right mindset . use you imagination , Shane . Shane stop short of the huddle . everyone be look at he . there be a beat and then Shane step in . shane okay , let 's all take a few second to think about what we be do for a live ... just last week . Shane look around the huddle . everybody look pain and / or depressed . shane good . let 's kick ass . Red right pass 15 x hook . they break the huddle and Shane set up over Evans . he glance over at Brian Murray . Murray be line up in a three point stance at tight end . but he head be turn and he 's look directly at Shane . shane Red fifteen ! Red fifteen ! Hut ! Shane nod on the snap . the front five , in the person of Andre , jamal , reese , mickey Lee and cochran , hit out and simultaneously knock they man on they back . Shane , with plenty of time , hit Murray over the middle for twelve yard . Shane look over at the sideline . mcginty be smile . montage a ) shane be under pressure but he roll smoothly and rocket the ball downfield . Murray pull it in for fifteen yard . B ) shane roll leave off the shotgun , fight off a cornerback and throw back across field , complete to Lamont come out of the backfield . C ) patriot be call for a fair catch on a punt . he catch the ball but Bateman fly into frame and deck he . flag fly . D ) andre and jamal be block side by side , push they man back as Lamont squeeze through with the ball . E ) evan be pass block like the all pro that he be . he knock he man flat and then double up on cochran 's man . F ) bateman be pursue a run back . he knock down a official and run right over he . then he get he hand on the run back and push he out of bound and then knock over a photographer . G ) shane pump once and then drill a twenty yard spiral . clifford Franklin beat he man and dive for the ball . he bobble it , and then squeeze it to he stomach as he hit the ground . CUT to : int . booth - day madden use he pen on the screen to try to explain a play . there be already line everywhere . madden ( v.o. ) ... begin with a redskin end around , but cochran , the pull tackle run into falco 's pitchout ... see ? ( more ) madden ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) right here , it bounce off he helmet . then it be kick by landon and then haye touch it , I think , and then Green get a hand on it , and then bellinski recover it and then he lose it , and finally the ball take a crazy bounce right back into falco 's hand , look at he face here . he 's as surprised as anybody ! falco then run it back to just about the original line of scrimmage , execute the same play -- a end around to Murray -- and the skin score . welcome to Strike football ! on pacifico boom ! he boot the extra point . scoreboard : patriot 17 , redskin 10. dissolve to : ext . field - late afternoon we're on the clock which show one minute ten second leave in the fourth quarter . on huddle it break and come to the line of scrimmage . Shane drop into the shotgun . shane Hut , hut ! Shane roll leave but there 's a blitz ! the cornerback be almost on he when Shane shift and roll the other way . on franklin he 's wide open five yard from the goal line . on shane they be breathe down he back . shane's Pov he see Franklin and cock he arm . suddenly , oppose jersey be everywhere . Shane dump the ball . he 's immediately deck by a defensive end . on ball we watch the flight of it in slow motion . we follow it right into the hand of ... a New England Patriot defensive back . on shane he 's down and not move . on todd , rod and bob they scream in despair . on annabelle she fall to she knee in pain . summerall ( v.o. ) falco be intercept . that 's too bad . madden ( v.o. ) yeah , and it look like he 's hurt , too . he be really start to put it together here in the fourth quarter . only forty - eight second now leave on the clock . on shane he 's help off the field and onto the bench . on mcginty he grab Bateman before he can run out onto the field . mcginty Danny . ( very slowly ) get I the ball . bateman the ball . okay , coach . he run out onto the field . on patriot they line up . patriot qb Hut , hut , hut ! the quarterback hand off to the run back right up the middle in a typical " run out the clock " play . bam ! Bateman come out of nowhere , deck the runner and literally rip the ball out of he hand as he go down . on crowd they go wild ! on annabelle she do a cartwheel . on mcginty he 's lean over a groggy Shane on the bench . mcginty do not shake you head at I . you be go back in there . you be gonna run the same god damn play , you be gonna throw the ball to Franklin again and this time , he 's gonna score . shane I can not ... mcginty grab some smell salt from a hover trainer . he shove they under Shane 's nose . Shane be suddenly very awake . mcginty you be the only one in this entire stadium who can do it . do you understand I ? you can do something no one else can do . so , start right here . start live you destiny . or give it up for good . right here . right now . Shane stare at he . then he stand up , wobble and put on he helmet . on huddle they're all turn and watch as Shane make he way slowly out onto the field . annabelle watch he closely . summerall ( v.o. ) here come falco with eighteen second leave on the clock . madden ( v.o. ) I be surprised to see he again after that shot he take from bellinski . on huddle it break and Shane stand over Evans and look out at the defense . nasty-look linebacker and cornerback stare at he . shane 22 green ! his voice crack and several defensive player openly laugh at he . Shane get a idea . shane check ! Black 43 ! Black 43 ! on andre he 's down in a three - point stance face a defender . he whisper to reese : andre what 's that mean ? reese ( whisper back ) he 's change the play . listen ! shane Black 43 ! madden ( v.o. ) it 's a long count . falco could be call a audible . on lamont he shift position in the backfield . lamont ( to Shane ) be this right ? shane ( shaking he head ) Black 43 leave ! Lamont shift again . clifford go in motion from he flanker position but then change he mind and go back the other way . Lamont and clifford then bump into each other . on patriot defense they be totally confuse now as they try to adjust to the equally confuse redskin . on mcginty he look extremely piss . on shane shane Hut ! Hut ! he turn to hand the ball off to Lamont but Lamont be not there . Shane turn the other way and see Lamont just stand there look at he . Shane run over to he and hand he the ball . meanwhile , the Patriot defense be go the other direction . Lamont take off . one cornerback be not take in . the guy dive for Lamont 's leg . we hear a clank as the cornerback 's helmet hit Lamont 's industrial knee brace . the guy bounce off and Lamont trot into the end zone . summerall ( v.o. ) Lamont score ! madden ( v.o. ) whoa ! falco call a audible at the line of scrimmage and Lamont take it in ! Shane , meanwhile , be look at mcginty on the sideline . mcginty ( v.o. ) ( in Shane 's helmet ) I guess you see something I do not . Shane nod vigorously . mcginty ( v.o. ) do not try to bullshit I , pal . you do not want it . winner always want the ball with the game on the line . you know that . Shane look down . mcginty ( v.o. ) alright . the play be ... waggle right , drag hook . you understand ? Shane nod . on o'neil he look ten year young as he and Augustine watch . summerall ( v.o. ) with eight second remain , pacifico will try the extra point that will send this game into overtime . madden ( v.o. ) this turn out to be one hell of a contest , Pat ! on pacifico he set up for the kick . on shane he wait for the snap . on brian murray he set up at he flanker position . shane Hut ! Shane catch the snap and pitch the ball out to Murray from he hold position . madden ( v.o. ) it 's a fake ! the Patriot right defensive end break through and reach for Murray . the only person in he way be Shane , still kneel in the hold position . Shane scream as the huge lineman trip over he and then fall on he . Murray sweep around the right side and score untouched . redskin win . everybody go nut . on o'neil he pound on Augustine . on todd , rod and bob they pound on each other . hail to the redskin be deafen . on mcginty he just smile . on shane he 's still under the defensive end . reese Evans pull the guy off and bend down to Shane . reese we win , Shane . we win ! Shane manage a painful smile . dissolve to : int . WASHINGTON hilton - bar - night it 's pack with player , friend and assort groupy . pacifico be smoking and talk non-stop to a group who hang on he every word . Andre be already pass out at a booth . jamal support one side of Andre so he do not fall over . Murray be signing to several fan who sign back . clifford Franklin sign autograph . Earl wilkinson , dress to the nine , be dance close and slow with a gorgeous woman . Shane be at the bar and he 's not in good shape . he 's get cut and bruise visible and every time he move he grimace . the martinis be start to help , however . he 's talk to a stun woman in red . shane ... ultimately , it 's a pain thing , you know ? I mean , it 's darwinian , the survival of the numbest . whoever can take the pain most , get the large contract . it 's sick . he finish he martini and throw the olive over he shoulder . woman in red exactly . let I buy you another . she signal to the bartender . woman in red I do not know how you do it . I hate pain . pain be a no no as far as I be concerned . Shane get he new drink , take a sip and visibly slump at the bar . shane ( slurring ) I be glad that you be concerned . woman in red hey , be you alright ? I will take you up to you room , if you like . Shane look at she closely . shane I would like . CUT to :: int . hallway - night Shane weave down the hallway with the woman in Red . they stop at a door . shane here 's home . Shane fumble for a key . another stun - look woman suddenly appear from down the hall . this be the woman in blue . woman in red a friend of mine be go to join we , okay ? woman in blue hi. ready to party ? she check the hallway , take the key from Shane and stick it in the lock . shane ( look at both woman ) oooooh . bookend . woman in blue and you be the book , baby . suddenly , annabelle farrell appear in the hallway . annabelle ( to the girl ) go away . both of you . woman in red fuck off ! crack ! annabelle punch she in the nose with a straight right hand . the girl bounce off the wall . shane ( to annabelle ) this be my guest . woman in red ( now bleed ) you crazy bitch ! both girl take off . shane why do you do that ? annabelle open the door . annabelle you be about to be roll . shane ( as he enter ) that 's what I be hope . int . room - night annabelle be pull the bed down as Shane fall into a chair . annabelle they work the bar downstairs look for drunk redskin . Shane look embarrassed . shane I guess they find one . annabelle do not feel so bad . it 's a rookie mistake . she turn and see that he 's already pass out . she look at he not unkindly . then she unbuckle he belt and start pull he pants off . dissolve to : int . room - close on shane's beat up face - dawn as he open he eye . he roll over and scream in pain . on annabelle she 's wear nothing but a redskin ' T - shirt . she quickly bend over he . annabelle here . take this . shane ( groan ) what be it ? annabelle it 's for the pain . take it . it 's only a little bit illegal . Shane take it and swig a glass of water . shane oh , God . I have get to go to the bathroom . it 's far away , be not it ? annabelle I will help . we will just take we time . she help he get out of bed . when he stand , he scream again . annabelle kidney . shane oh , man . my hair hurt . annabelle you take a hell of a beat . the martinis do not help , either . she walk he to the bathroom like a old man . he shuffles in and close the door . annabelle do not be afraid if you have get blood in you urine . that 's normal . shane ( o.s. ) do you undress I ? annabelle yes . shane ( o.s. ) and you ... sleep here with I ? annabelle yes . shane ( o.s. ) do we ... ? annabelle be you kid ? you be catatonic . he appear again at the door . shane no blood . annabelle good . back to bed . he lean on she as she walk he back . he get into bed with a moan . shane May I ask you a personal question ? she nod . shane do you do this for all redskin quarterback ? annabelle of course not . shane then why I ? annabelle take she time answer . annabelle I do not know . I guess I can not resist a man who can take a hit . shane I can not take a hit ! annabelle cradle he head . annabelle shhh . it 's all in you head . now , get some sleep . CUT to : int . HOTEL hallway - day annabelle walk up to Shane 's door with a stack of newspaper . she enter . int . room - day the bathroom door be close . annabelle talk to he anyway . annabelle you be the golden boy in the press this morning . she read a headline . annabelle ' falco score big . ' ( to herself ) well ... not really . ( still read ) hey , a lot of the regular player be start to cross the picket line . shane ( o.s. ) redskin ? annabelle it do not say . Shane come out of the bathroom dress and ready to go . he 's still move slowly and in great pain . annabelle where be you go ? shane mcginty call a dinner meeting with the whole team . Shane try to put on he coat , but he 's so sore he can not . annabelle help he . shane thank you . thanks for ... everything . you save my life . annabelle no . probably just you wallet and you watch . shane and that pill , that sure work . annabelle you be basic double D vicodin . but be careful : it 's habit - form . the best stuff always be . there 's another awkward silence . shane well ... annabelle Ice both knee and that shoulder before bed . CUT to : ext . clifford frankline apartment - night clifford , still carry he football , come out of he apartment in a third floor walk - up . he 's wear he redskin jacket . as he turn around from lock he door , he stop dead in he track . all of clifford 's neighbor , all the way down both hall , be stand in front of they door . they all start applaud . clifford smile from ear to ear . montage a ) andre and jamal be try to hail a cab on Wisconsin Avenue . suddenly , one cab , then two , then four slam on they brake . cabby hop out to open they door for the brother . B ) roland lamont walk down G Street with Brian Murray . Brian spot something in a store window and stop roland . roland gasp as he see himself duplicate on ten tv screen in a appliance store . he 's on tape be interview at a redskin ' practice . C ) earl wilkinson dress in casual chic , be move quickly through Lord and Taylor 's Department store with two sale clerk in tow . he stop , grab four cashmere sweater , smell they , hand they to one clerk and move on . D ) lou pacifico be stand in front of the White House . he have a line of ten people who be pay five buck for a autograph picture of himself that he hand out from a huge stack . CUT to : ext . palm restaurant - establishing - night we see Shane walk in the door . int . palm - night the scabskin be all be serve dinner in a private room . mickey Lee be serve a steak the size of a briefcase . Andre and jamal get lobster big enough to be pet . Ed o'neil be be feed pureed asparagus by Augustine . when Augustine drop the napkin and bend over , o'neil whisper urgently to cochran who be enjoy a steak : o'neil I will give you 50 thousand dollar for a bite of that steak ! mcginty tap he glass at the head of the table and stand . mcginty alright , listen up : there have be a lot of rumor about the regular player crossing the picket line . they be not rumor . many union player have now see the error of they way and be come back in drove . apparently , they have be strike with the realization that it be a bless to be play professional football . there be dead silence in the room . everybody think it 's over . mcginty but they have they chance . now it 's you turn . mister o'neil and I have agree to ban all strike player and to continue to go with you guy . there 's a beat and then everyone break into cheer . suddenly , the door fly open and a reporter and a cameraman step in and start filming . the reporter shove a microphone at mcginty . reporter coach , what will be you strategy against New York this Sunday ? out in the restaurant , patron see the player and a few break into " hail to the redskin . " suddenly , the whole restaurant start sing . Shane look embarrassed . pacifico stand up on he seat , and conduct the sing . Andre and jamal hold they lobster in the air and make they dance to the song . CUT to : int . eddie martel house - night we be on a television show pacifico conduct and the entire restaurant sing . Eddie martel ( redskin quarterback ) be watch the scene at home on the late local news . newsperson ( v.o. ) ... the Palm patron show a impromptu appreciation tonight for the new Washington redskin . they may be unknown and far from superstar , but it sure look like they have charme the fan . martel look very angry . CUT to : int . shane's room - night Shane answer he door . annabelle be stand there . shane hi. come in . annabelle no . she give he a bottle of pill . annabelle we do not travel with the team . so , here 's tylenol with codeine , regular vicodin , the magic bullet one that I give you before , and a couple of darvon if you actually break something . pop them in the ambulance . shane wow . thanks . annabelle I will be watch on tv . the Giants get back three of they four defensive linemen . plus they middle linebacker . shane yeah . I know . annabelle what can I say ? go from the shotgun and scramble you ass off . Shane smile at she . she suddenly grab he and they kiss big - time . then she break and walk quickly away . Shane do not know what to make of this . CUT to : ext . meadowland ( new jersey ) - day we be down on the field in the middle of a play . Shane be run away from three New York giant defensive linemen . Shane be not even look for a receiver . he 's look to save he life . finally , he 's catch by a six - foot -five , two hundred and seventy pound defensive end name hank morris , who throw he down and land on top of he . oooof ! morris ( in Shane 's ear ) hello , again ! int . control booth - on summerall and madden - day they be back in they booth call the game . madden that 's all - pro hank Morris 's third sack , he second here in the fourth quarter and the sixth of the day for the Giants . falco be gonna be sore tonight . summerall if he can stay alive that long . ten-three New York in what have turn out to be a incredible defensive duel . ext . stadium - day Jerome lindell be once again outside the stadium , picketing with a smaller group of player . he do he interview on camera , stand in front of a huge semi-truck . and a big , overweight truck driver stand next to he . lindell ... because it 's about brother , and brotherhood and stand together against the oppressor . that 's why I be so grateful to we teamster brother who have join we here today in New York to protest the greed squad know as the n.f.l. owner . the truck driver suddenly pump he arm and a cacophony of truck AIR horn go off . it 's deafen but lindell smile through it all . ext . field - day Shane be roll out with Morris on he heel again . he can not find anyone open and run out of bound . in huddle everybody be breathe hard , beat - up and exhaust . Shane lean in . shane ( to reese Evans ) you get to double up on Morris . evan he 's too far outside for I to get to he . ( to cochran ) bring he down and sit on he . cochran he 's huge ! he 's be beat the crap out of I all day ! I feel like a rag doll out here . lee I will help this time . shane okay . spread leave ' a' right , roll right half back sail . on two . they break . Shane set up in the shotgun . shane Red , fifteen . Hut , hut ! on the snap , Lee and cochran double - team Morris . Morris slap cochran away like , well , a rag doll , and then confront the sumo master . he bump stomach with Lee . Lee fly through the air and land on he ass . on shane he spot he receiver , he cock he arm and wham ! Morris deck he . and , of course , land on he . oooof ! morris ( to Shane ) it 's just I , fuck - face ! in order to get up , Morris put one huge hand on Shane 's helmet and push himself up . Shane moan as he face guard dig a four - inch hole in the turf . on mcginty he 's talk into he mike . mcginty you want a time - out ? that look like it hurt . Shane get up . he 's get a huge piece of turf stick in he face guard so that for a beat , we can not even see he . then he pull out the dirt and grass , and we see Shane really piss off for the first time . shane huddle up ! everyone gather around . shane same thing ... except ... ( to Lee and cochran ) let he in . do not touch he . lee what ? evan Shane ... shane shut up ! let he through . on two . they break the huddle . Shane go into a shotgun . shane Red fifteen . Hut ! Hut ! Shane do a three - step drop from the shotgun . cochran and Lee hit out on either side of Morris , give he a clear shot at Shane . Morris come hard and fast . Shane look downfield , wind up , turn and fire the ball at Morris 's head . the ball go like a bullet for five foot and then stick like a dart in Morris 's face guard . for a moment , Morris be blind . and Shane be dumbfounded . then Morris start to wrestle the ball out of he mask . shane get he ! Andre and jamal grab onto Morris who start stumbling down field with the ball still stick in he helmet . madden ( v.o. ) Morris intercept ! wait ! the ball be stick in he face ! but Morris will not go down . he 's still try to pry the ball loose as he throw off jamal . then he shake off Andre . on brian murray he 's in slow motion in midair , diving towards Morris . murray' Pov it 's absolutely quiet ( he 's deaf , remember ? ) as he soar towards Morris 's head , helmet and ball . wham ! Murray 's full body weight hit Morris in the helmet , which fly off and roll across the field with the ball still stick in it . out of the silence , we suddenly hear the hit and the crowd roar . Morris go down like a building with Murray bury in he throat . on room ( d.c . ) Todd , Rod and Bob be destroy Todd 's de in reaction to the hit . on another live room annabelle be scream " whoa ! " to that hit . on o'neil and augustine they're watch on tv . o'neil now that 's a hit ! on ball and helmet it 's in the very chubby hand of mickey Lee , who be rumbling downfield with the fumble / helmet recovery . New York player have be slow to pick this up because they , too , have be admire the lick that Murray put on Morris . suddenly , the whole team be chase Lee . they catch he pretty easily at the twenty , but Lee represent a lot of weight . Lee stagger across the ten , shaking player off leave and right . one defensive halfback sacrifice himself and throw himself at Lee 's foot . Lee trip over the guy , gain he foot again , walk on the guy ( who scream in agony ) and fall into the end zone carry three player with he . on madden and summerall John be beside himself . madden Lee score ! Lee score ! Lee score ! I love to see a fat guy score ! on lee he get up in jubilation , spike the ball / helmet combination , and run through the back of the end zone . but he do not stop . he 's aim for a low wall that separate the first row of fan from the field . on four fan they see mickey rumbling at they and they all get the picture at the same time . they scream ! on mickey he launch himself into the stand in ecstasy . on four fan crunch ! Lee land on all four of they . on football it 's hike into Shane 's hand and pacifico boot the extra point . on scoreboard " Giants 10 -- redskin 10 time remaining : 58 second . " on sideline Murray and Lee be get congratulation from everyone . pacifico ( to Murray ) what a hit ! ( slower ) what a hit ! Murray nod that he understand . evan ( to Murray ) I be proud of you , kid . jamal and Andre be hugging Lee . in the b.g. , we can see paramedics lift one of Lee 's four fan onto a stretcher . andre you be the one , you be the one , you be the one ... lee you think that 's worth a shoe deal ? mcginty walk into the middle of it . mcginty stop with the lovefest ! let 's get the goddamn ball back and win this thing ! CUT to : ext . field - day we be close on Bateman as he line up for the kick -off . everybody in the stadium know that a on-side kick be come . Bateman be stand in the hot spot for recover the ball . Shane and everyone with decent hand be on the field . pacifico line it up and boot it ten yard . the ball take a crazy hop , hit a giant , and ricochet off he . Bateman run over two guy and grab the ball on the bounce . he 's get it . but Bateman do not go down . he turn and start run across the field . Shane run after he . shane no ! Danny , go down ! you be use up the clock ! but Bateman like this new job : kick - off returner ! especially after he run over a giant and stiff - arm another . Bateman be finally trap on the far sideline after gain perhaps eight yard . so , he turn and start run back the other way . Shane have be chase he and now see Bateman run back at he . Shane have no choice but to throw himself in front of Bateman 's leg . Bateman go down . Shane jump up : shane ( to ref ) time out ! Bateman look up at Shane . bateman beautiful tackle , Shane ! summerall ( v.o. ) now that 's something you do not see everyday ! on clock Bateman have burn up most of the clock . eighteen second remain . on sideline mcginty , Shane and pacifico confer . shane we get time for one play , but if we do not get it out of bound , the game be over . mcginty yeah , but you be look at a sixty - five yard kick from here . pacifico ( smoking a butt ) no problem . shane seriously ? pacifico ( to Shane ) you hold it . I will kick it . mcginty look at Shane and they both shrug . mcginty what the fuck . on summerall and madden madden can not believe it . madden I can not believe it ! mcginty be gonna let pacifico try the field goal from sixty - five yard out ! summerall hey , John , this kid have get a heck of a foot . stram but sixty - five yard ? come on ! on shane he 's set up to receive the snap . pacifico line himself up the way soccer - style kicker do . then he take a drag on he smoke , and flick it away . madden ( v.o. ) Pat ... do he just ? I think that guy be smoking on the field ! summerall ( v.o. ) no , I think you imagine that one , John . Shane look at pacifico and he clean uniform . then Shane look at he own uniform which be cover with blood , dirt , and grass stain . pacifico look clean . shane you look great , Lou , you know that ? pacifico be really touch . lou really ? thanks , Shane . that mean a lot to I . Shane turn to Evans who smile at he between he own leg . shane Hut ! the snap be perfect . pacifico boot the shit out of it . on ball end over end , yard after yard , it fly straight and true . madden ( v.o. ) it 's straight enough ! if it 's get the distance , it 's ... the ball hit the crossbar and go over . madden ( v.o. ) good ! redskin win ! everybody go crazy . player be pound on pacifico . but pacifico be desperately look around for someone . he spot he : it 's Bateman run flat - out across the field to congratulate he . pacifico run for he life . CUT to : int . apartment door - night Shane knock . after a beat , the door open and annabelle be stand there rub she eye . she 's wear a cut - off redskin jersey . annabelle be you hurt ? shane no . not really . annabelle you be get use to be slap around . that 's a good sign . shane I ... nothing come out . annabelle would you like to come in and make love ? shane yes . no. I be here because ... I do not want to be alone . annabelle most of the world feel that way . you do not have to be embarrassed about it . shane but to tell you the truth ... I be kind of scared of you . annabelle take that in and think about it . annabelle I will not hurt you . she take he hand and lead he inside . CUT to : int . annabelle's bedroom - night annabelle be give Shane a slow , sensuous , full - body massage . it 's lucky for we he 's on he stomach . Shane do a lot of moan as annabelle 's finger work they magic . she get to a place on he shoulder that 's especially tender . he moan even louder . annabelle that shoulder be go to need special handle . annabelle pull she jersey off and gently press she breast into Shane 's back . Shane put a pillow over he head to drow out the ecstasy . after a beat , he pull the pillow away . shane you know what hurt worse than my shoulder ? annabelle I can not imagine . shane they defensive end punch I in the mouth . annabelle start laugh . shane seriously . it 's kill I . annabelle be laugh hard now as Shane roll over . dissolve to : int . annabelle's bedroom - night Shane and annabelle be in a close , after - sex kind of cuddle thing . Shane be unburdene himself . shane ... after that game , after be beat that badly in front of the whole country , after humiliate myself , my team , my school , my family , I mean -- do you know that I set two sugar bowl record ?! I be sack eleven time ! I throw six interception ! annabelle okay . calm down . shane anyway , after that , I could never seem to adjust in the pro . I be too scared . I lose my ball . we see annabelle 's hand move slightly under the cover . annabelle well , they be back . shane you know what I mean . my nerve . I lose the edge you need to play this game . annabelle I do not believe that . I do not think it just go away . it be only one bad day , Shane . everybody have that . shane no. somehow , I convinced myself that I could not ever win the big game . I get so down , that I be afraid to be play when a game be on the line . I be afraid to screw up . that 's the sure sign of a loser . from there , it be not very far to think that I will never win , that I do not deserve to win at anything . include love . annabelle you be wrong . you be win now . you be win I . they kiss real good . CUT to : ext . o' neil mansion - morning it 's a huge town house in foggy bottom . its entrance be now line with reporter . one be speak on camera to he anchor . reporter Bob , I be stand in front of redskin owner , Edward france o'neil 's home and all we know right now be that the Washington player previously know as Ray Smith be in fact Earl Samuel wilkinson ... insert we see two photograph of Earl : one with he current beard and the other , he clean -shaven mug shot of five year ago . reporter ( o.s. ) ... the all pro Miami Safety who be serve five to seven year in the maryland state penitentiary for three count of aggravate assault . as you may recall , one of that count be against a Baltimore City police officer and result in that officer be hospitalize for quite some time . int . studio - anchor he 's do he sport segment from the studio . anchor any idea how wilkinson 's identity be discover and who leak it to the media ? reporter no , Bob , but rumor have it that the National football League player 's Association have something to do with it . anchor thanks , hank . ( to camera ) in other n.f.l. news , almost sixty percent of the regular player have now cross the picket line and more be crossing every day . the strike , now in its second week , be expect to go out with a fizzle . most expert think that the Monday night Dallas / Washington game will be the last with replacement player . but even that game will feature at least 75 percent of the regular Cowboys . coach James mcginty will try to make it a perfect three and o with a team make up totally of replacement player . well ... and one felon . ( pause ) that we know of . CUT to : int . o' neil bedroom - day mcginty stare out the window at the reporter as Augustine feed o'neil soup . mcginty stop worry . the n.f.l. do not care if he play under a assume name . everything be legal . he be let out on a work release program . he will be keep under house arrest but he will still be able to play . o'neil where be we gonna keep he ? mcginty in the stadium . we will fix up something comfortable for he and he will get he exercise by kick the shit out of n.f.l. receiver . o'neil how do you pull that off ? mcginty how else ? with you money . o'neil ( to Augustine ) take this cow piss out of here . augustine you use to love asparagus soup . they say that when the taste bud go , you be at the beginning of the end . Augustine leave with the tray . mcginty I want to keep falco after the strike end . as martel 's back -up . o'neil let 's keep them all . the hell with the regular . mcginty you have get to take the union player back once the strike end . it 's part of the collective bargain agreement . o'neil the hell I do ! I be die ! let them sue I . mcginty they will do worse than that . they will close down the stadium . o'neil God damn them ! then you get to beat Dallas . the whole country will be watch . all that millionaire down there deserve to have they nose rubbed in it . mcginty Ed , let 's be honest : beat Dallas be gonna be a hell of a trick . o'neil you can pull it off . you prove that win do not have to look pretty . this boy be hungry for it , Jimmy . ( more ) o'neil ( cont 'd ) there 's nothin ' more dangerous in all of sport than a hungry team . I remember back in ' 47 , we be play nebraska in the mud ... mcginty ( interrupt ) Ed , I be begging you -- no Notre Dame storey . o'neil okay , Jimmy , okay . but you beat Dallas for I , and then I will go gently into that night . CUT to : int . car showroom - day we be on mickey Lee , who be wear he redskin game jersey with no pad . he 's stuff into a cadillac brougham , a big -ass version of the caddy . he 's talk directly to US . lee you will score , too , with a cadillac from coleman cadillac . it 's a big car for a big man . mickey be very wooden as a spokesperson . he try again . lee ( same thing ) you will score , too , with a cadillac from coleman 's cadillac . it 's a big car for a big man . director ( o.s. ) that 's good , mickey , that 's real good . let 's try it again . mickey look game . montage a ) ext . stadium Andre , jamal , Brian Murray , roland Lamont , Daniel Bateman , Lou pacifico and Shane be stand outside the stadium after practice . they be all mobbed by autograph seeker . all of they be signing as fast as they can . B ) ext . WASHINGTON monument the guy be on the grounds of the Washington monument . they be line up against a bunch of little kid . Shane take the snap . ( the ball be a miniature rubber football . ) all the linemen fall down . the kid blitz and sack Shane for a big loss . annabelle watch and laugh and clap . C ) mickey lee still cramme into the cadillac . he look exhaust and piss . lee ( in a monotone ) you will score , too , with a cadillac from coleman cadillac . it 's a big car , for a big man . director ( o.s. ) okay . good . that be good . let 's try it again ... lee ( explode ) what ?! I be not do it again ! who be you , Orson Welles ?! this be nut ! Lee try unsuccessfully to get out of the car . D ) all replacement player be line up in redskin jersey , minus pad . it 's team picture day and everyone look happy to be there . CUT to : int . hilton - night Shane walk down the hall to he room . he enter . int . shane's room - night he walk in and close the door . when he turn around , Eddie martel , ex- Washington redskin quarterback , be sit on Shane 's bed . two defensive linemen - type stand by the window . shane what 's this ? martel this be a visit . shane a visit . who let you in ? martel I use to nail one of the housekeeper . shane lucky girl . martel ( point to the linemen ) you know who this guy be , do not you ? shane Dallas Cowboys . howdy . martel you will be see a lot of this guy tomorrow . shane what do you want ? martel who , I ? not much . but this boy want a little head start on you . there 's a beat and then Shane suddenly bolt for the door . but the two linemen grab and hold he . shane I be flatter that you actually think we have a chance to win . martel it can be a game of luck . and under no circumstance can we allow a scab team to go three and o. especially against the Dallas Cowboys . it 's just not good for the game . shane be the union behind this ' visit ' ? martel I can not really say , Shane . by the way , have you ever try throw a football with bruise rib ? he kick Shane viciously in the side . Shane scream . martel the pain make it damn near impossible . the linemen drop Shane on the floor . martel and one other thing : I want you to stay away from annabelle . Shane be gasp on the floor . martel the sad fact be she will not give I the time of day . but you can not have everything I want . I can not let that happen . so , you gotta stop see she . just on principle . martel viciously kick Shane again . Shane scream . martel let I hear you say it . Shane be try to get he breath . martel come on . you can do it . shane ( barely visible ) I will not go out with she anymore . martel good. ( to the linemen ) gentlemen ? ( to Shane ) hey , have a great game ! they move toward the door . CUT to : ext . big o - magic hour once again , fan stream into the parking lot . in a corner of a lot , Jerome lindell be once again hold forth on camera . but this time , he 's stand with a hard - look guy in a suit , name matheson . lindell I think that mister matheson here , and myself , be very close to a agreement that will put the ' pro ' back in pro-football . reporter mister matheson , what be the stick point in the negotiation as far as the owner be concerned ? matheson only one : that the player immediately go back to work with no change in the exist contract . lindell look uncomfortable . but he smile anyway . CUT to : int . monday night football booth - night the familiar " monday night football theme song " be just end . al michael do he on camera intro . al good evening from the Big o here in Washington D.C. where the mighty Dallas Cowboys take on the cinderella Washington ' scabskin ' as they have come to be know . hi , I be Al michael and we be witness to a unique matchup tonight as Shane falco and a contingent of strike player go up against the entire regular squad of the Dallas Cowboys . yes , you hear right : every cowboy have now cross the picket line , some as late as this afternoon , and they will all play tonight . can a rag tag group of hasbeen and castoff stand up to what be once call America 's team ? and what about the strike itself ? it have be so ineffective that many predict it will be over before this game end . stay tune as boomer and Dan join I for strike ball , D.C. style . ext . stadium - magic hour Eddie martel , Wilson Jones and other regular redskin take they seat on the fifty yard line . CUT to : int . redskin locker room - night everyone be just about dress in they uniform and ready to go . Lou pacifico enter in street clothes and start undress quickly . he look worried . Shane watch Lou for a beat . we see Shane shift he upper body and grimace . mcginty enter and pull Shane aside . mcginty congratulation . it 's official . you be stay on after the strike . Shane smile in spite of the pain . mcginty it 's probably better that you not say anything to the rest of the guy until after the game . okay ? shane whatever you say , coach . mcginty walk into the middle of the locker room and go into pre-game speech mode . mcginty alright , listen up . the strike be just about history . by tomorrow , you will no longer be redskin . it 's important that you leave here , however , with the knowledge that you have make a difference in you own life , in the owner 's life -- or what 's leave of it -- and especially the fan ' . you have prove to a skeptical America that sport be not about contract , or agent or shoe deal . Sports be about rise to the occasion . we have one more opportunity tonight to do that , one more chance to show what heart be all about . the Dallas Cowboys be wait out there to kill you . I expect nothing less than for you to win even in you death throes . we have a powerful weapon on we side tonight : there be no tomorrow for most of you . and that make you very dangerous people . use it . CUT to : ext . stadium - day boom ! pacifico belt the kick - off deep into the end zone . touchback . on al , dan and boomer the three host sit in shirtsleeve and tie , headphone on . al that be one very big leg on Lou pacifico . he 's a big reason why this strike team be two and 0 . dan but the fact be , a kicker do not a offense make . I think tonight the scabskin will have a very rude awaken . boomer but you have to admit , Dan , falco be prove to be the real thing . dan well , boomer , no , I do not have to admit anything . boomer ( roll he eye ) here we go ... everybody laugh politely . CUT to : ext . field - day bam ! Earl wilkinson flatten a Dallas punt returner . he 's now wear a jersey with he real name on the back . on todd , rod and bob Bob be dress in a stripe convict suit with wilkinson 's number on it . he get high fives from Todd and Rod for wilkinson 's hit . on shane he walk out onto the field to join the huddle . annabelle Shane ! he turn and see a smile annabelle . Shane give she a guilty wave and then cringe with the pain of just have to lift he arm . on line of scrimmage the redskin line up . cochran be opposite butler , the big tackle that " visit " Shane 's room . cochran ( to butler ) I just want to say what a honor it be to play opposite you . and if it 's not too much trouble , I would love to have you autograph . butler no problem . shane ( o.s. ) Hut ! Hut ! on the snap , butler bashes cochran 's head with he forearm and knock he helmet off . then he run over he . on shane he under - throw a very weak - look pass to Lamont . Shane grit he tooth against the pain . on cochran he 's daze and still on the ground . butler walk over and bend down to he . butler I be gonna autograph you body with bruise , you scab -ass son of a bitch ! CUT to : ext . field - day Shane be in the backfield , once again run for he life . he 's roll leave with butler on he heel . he throw another weak incomplete pass to Murray . Shane be crush by butler after he throw the ball . butler how 's that side feel ? shane ( grimace ) like Christmas morning . butler lean on Shane 's side as he get up . Shane gasp with pain . on mcginty he 's watch Shane closely . then he talk into he mike . mcginty what 's the matter with you arm ? be you alright ? on al , dan and boomer they be watch the replay on they monitor . Dan be very happy . dan what pursuit ! butler never give up on he . that 's a 270 - pound guy who move like a halfback . boomer Dan , I think butler 's hit on falco be late , to tell you the truth . dan well , of course you do . you be a wimp quarterback . al easy , guy . some laughter . CUT to : first-half montage a ) dallas kicker boom ! the Dallas kicker put away the extra point after a score . on scoreboard Dallas 7 , Washington 0. B ) shane be under pressure as he roll out . when a defensive lineman get close , he throw the ball away like we have see he do before . a defensive back intercept . Dallas 's ball . C ) ball boom ! the ball go through the upright for a Dallas field goal . on scoreboard Dallas 10 , Washington 0. D ) augustine massage o'neil 's foot as the old man watch the game . he look worried . E ) pacifico smoke and stalk the sideline . he look up into the stand and see the mafioso type look down at he . F ) shane step up in the pocket . he look downfield but in the face of the pass rush , he throw the ball weakly out of bound . G ) lee be pass - block but the first guy spin he around and the second guy run right around he . h ) bateman be double - team on a pass rush . he spin but he can get no leverage against he opponent . when the play end , he push one of they . a penalty flag fly by . I ) roland lamont take a pitch out , be immediately hit hard and lose the ball . a cornerback pick it up and take it all the way for a Dallas score . J ) wilkinson step up and bat a ball away from a Dallas receiver . a flag fly . wilkinson argue the call . k ) cochran be line up across from butler . on the snap , butler slap cochran in the face mask with he big , fat club of a hand . cochran disappear out of frame . L ) dallas kicker boom ! the Dallas kicker put away the extra point after a Dallas touchdown . scoreboard Dallas 24 , Washington 0. m ) eddie martel , wilson jone and other redskin sit in the stand look satisfied . CUT to : ext . field - day the redskin huddle . Shane be in pain . he look up at the clock . on clock there 's thirty - two second leave in the half . shane okay . Red right 15 X hook . the break the huddle and come to the line of scrimmage . shane 15 X hut ! Shane roll right and look downfield . he hold the ball and keep roll . no one can get open . suddenly , Lamont cut in front of he and yell : lamont Shane ! Lamont see a open lane and Shane follow he . he eat up 15 yard before two defensive halfback close in . Lamont throw a incredible block and take out both guy . Shane blow by and head for the end zone . only a safety stand between Shane and pay dirt . close on shane his side be kill he with every step he take . when the safety move up on he , Shane panic and go down in the same kind of slide that Eddie martel do in the beginning . boom ! the gun sound and the half end . Shane see redskin trainer run out onto the field . he turn and see Lamont roll on the ground in pain as he hold he bad knee . CUT to : int . monday night football booth - night the boy be do they half - time stand up . al that 's the end of the first half and not surprisingly , it be all Dallas . the Cowboys have over two hundred yard offensively versus Washington 's frankly pathetic thirty - eight yard . that 's total offense . falco get close to scoring on the last play of the half but he appear to have slip . by the way , run back roland Lamont be hurt on that play and word be he 's on he way to the hospital . dan Al , the battle be be fight and win in the trenches . you can not expect a bunch of pick - up player to stand up to a professional pass rush like the Cowboys . boomer there 's still a whole half leave , Dan . and remember , falco be prove to be a second - half quarterback . dan you get to be kid . boomer that big , fat boy in the trenches get awful tired . you ought to know that , Dan . no laughter . al okay , let 's join Chris berman with we half - time show . Chris ? after a beat we hear : director ( v.o. ) clear ! al what 's wrong with you guy ?! boomer he start it . dan I do not ! you call I fat ! boomer I do not ! but you be ! Dan reach across Al and grab boomer by the throat . al stop it ! the three of they start wrestle in the booth . CUT to : int . redskin locker room - night everyone be nursing a bruise or some sort of wound . Shane be nowhere to be see . mcginty walk into the middle of the locker room . mcginty alright , listen up : the strike be officially over . they be announce it on tv right now . so this be it , gentleman . we have one half leave to keep from be totally humiliate . you be better than the present score . you have nothing but you own self - respect riding on this game . it 's up to you . here 's you swan song , people . how be you gonna sing it ? and with that he walk out . everybody look beat and depressed . ext . outside locker room - day Shane stop two paramedics who push roland Lamont on a stretcher . roland be really hurt . shane I be sorry , roland . that be a great block . roland for my last play in football , I will take that block . Shane look terribly guilty . roland I think you be go to score . what happen ? do you slip ? Shane can not look at he , but he nod . roland that 's what I think . shane you be a warrior , roland . I be gonna miss you . roland it be a dream come true . go kick some ass for I . the paramedics roll he away . Shane slump against the wall near tear . mcginty come out of the locker room . he lock eye with Shane for a beat . and then mcginty turn he back on he and walk away . int . locker room - day everyone be quiet . Shane walk in . sid , the equipment manager , see he and yell . sid hey , Shane , I just hear . congratulation ! he smack Shane on he bad side and Shane grimace . wilkinson congratulation on what ? sid Shane be stay on . he 's gonna be martel 's backup . everyone stare at Shane for a beat . andre be that true ? shane yes , Andre . it 's true . nobody say anything for a beat . franklin I get to tell you , Shane , you play the first half like you be stay . like you already have a contract . Shane look around the room at this beat bunch . no one make eye contact with he . shane you be right , clifford . and I be sorry . but now I want to go out there and either beat this bastard or die try . I never want to beat anybody so bad in my life . everybody let this sink in . Earl wilkinson finally speak up . earl I do not know what yawl be doin ' tomorrow , but my ass be goin ' back to jail . but if I gotta go , I want to go back a winner . evan Hell , I be retire . I have thirty minute of football leave in my whole career . I be homicidal ! bateman I , too , reese ! earl let 's get it on ! everybody turn to Shane . shane gentlemen , we problem be the Cowboys be not afraid of we . but they should be ! lamont damn straight ! everybody whoops ! shane we have get one chance on offense to make we stand -- the first play of the half . jamal one touchdown be not gonna help , Shane . shane no . but one nasty - ass play might . we just gotta be brave . and trust each other . Shane happen to glance at pacifico . pacifico will not meet he eye . Shane turn to sid . shane help I with this . sid help Shane strip he jersey off . everyone react to the bruise on Shane 's side . shane somebody have to tape I up . CUT to : ext . field - night the Cowboys be already back on the field as the redskin come out of they locker room . al ( v.o. ) ... at nine - forty Eastern time , the agreement be reach , and except for this upcoming second half , the strike be history . on al , dan and boomer boomer 's tie be off and he shirt be tear . Dan look guilty , but still angry . dan it 's about time . I say let the professional back on the field . the fan deserve nothing less . boomer yeah , you would say that . on ball the Dallas kicker put the ball in the end zone for a touchback . on shane he start to follow the offense out on the field . then he turn and see annabelle engross in a cheer . he run over to she . annabelle be you okay ? be it you side ? shane I be okay . I owe you a apology . annabelle what ? you do ? shane yes . I will explain later . but thank you for believe in I . you give I strength just look at you . and with that , Shane take she in he arm and kiss she deeply . the crowd on that side of the field react to the kiss with a " wooooooo ! " al ( v.o. ) well , this be a first . Shane falco seem to be ... boomer ( v.o. ) Hell , Al , he 's neck with a cheerleader ! I have do a little of that in my time . dan ( v.o. ) the player be not suppose to fraternize with the cheerleader . boomer ( v.o. ) hey , Dan , what be they gonna do ? Fire he ?! on shane he break the kiss and look up in the stand at Eddie martel . Shane give he the finger . the crowd go " wooooo ! " at that too . martel do not think this be funny . Shane walk onto the field leave a confuse but happy annabelle . he walk past Dallas defensive lineman butler . butler that be not too smart . shane suck my dick . butler be too shocked for a comeback . on huddle it break and Shane walk to the line of scrimmage . al ( v.o. ) here we go , first and ten for the redskin . twenty - four zip Dallas . we can see now that wilkinson and Bateman be now part of the offense . they line up as receiver opposite defensive halfback . in fact , everyone but Shane be on the line of scrimmage , pair up across from a cowboy . Shane lean over reese and take in the Dallas defense . the Dallas middle linebacker yell at Shane . linebacker be you ready for more pain , footstep ? Shane just smile . shane Blue thirteen ! Blue thirteen ! Hut ! Hut ! Hut ! montage on the snap , many thing happen at once : a ) cochran stick he finger inside butler 's face mask and poke both eye . butler scream ! B ) shane throw the ball as hard as he can at the middle linebacker and hit he in the crotch . the guy grab himself and collapse . C ) clifford franklin kick he defender in the shin as hard as he can . the defender scream and fall down . D ) bateman get a cornerback across from he in a choke hold . the guy can not breathe but Bateman hold on . E ) wilkinson lift up he defender 's face guard and connect with a right hand to the guy 's chin . F ) lee pull the defensive lineman in front of he to the ground . then he fall on he . the guy scream . on field all across the line of scrimmage , redskin be punch , kick and gouging the Dallas defense . whistle blow . flag fly everywhere . most of the Dallas player be down and scream . jamal stand across from a defensive lineman . he have not touch the guy . but he nod to the player to look at he hand . the guy look down just as jamal flick open a deadly - look switchblade . the guy jump back and yell : defender he 's get a knife ! but there be so much confusion that nobody pay any attention . jamal slip the knife away . al ( v.o. ) whoa ! flag fly everywhere ! I have never see anything like this ! boomer ( v.o. ) unbelievable ! one Washington player have a cowboy in what appear to be a police choke hold . dan ( v.o. ) I see at least five flag ... no six ! the official be go crazy try to figure out the penalty as Shane and the offense back up and make room for the Dallas medical staff who come run out on the field . some Dallas player be livid : butler ( to the ref ) he scratch my eye out ! linebacker he hit I on purpose ! on mcginty he 's smile to himself on the sideline . on referee he face the camera , turn on he microphone and sum up the penalty . ref unsportsmanlike conduct , number 72 , number 81 and number 87 on the offense , fifteen yard ... ( to himself ) ... time three ... that 's forty - five yard . illegal use of hand , number 48 on the offense , fifteen yard . that make it sixty yard . unnecessary roughness number 65 and number 32 , fifteen yard ... that 's , wait ... forty -five ... no , thirty ... ( turn to another ref ) ... how many yard so far ? on ball a ref be take a very long walk with it . he stop at the redskin two - yard line and put it down . in huddle Shane lean in . shane okay , everybody , stick together and do not take any shit . let 's make them hurt ! they break the huddle and line up with they back to they goal . on cochran and butler butler be still whining . butler I can not believe you go for my eye ! cochran shut up ! I be gonna do it again ' cause it be fun ! on shane shane Black 98 ! Black 98 ! Hut ! on cochran he drop butler with a vicious forearm . Shane flick the ball over the middle to Murray who pull it in for fifteen yard and a first down . CUT to : montage - FOURTH quarter STUFF a ) bateman ( now at run back ) sweep outside with jamal and reese Evans lead the way . both linemen growl as they throw themselves into the defense . B ) shane be roll right with butler on he heel . just when it look like butler have he , cochran come out of nowhere and cut butler at the knee . Shane fake a throw and keep the ball for a fifteen - yard gain . C ) shane hit Franklin with a short flick pass . D ) bateman run off tackle and score . E ) pacifico kick the extra point . scoreboard : Dallas 24 , redskin 7. F ) wilkinson blitzes from he safety position and deck the Dallas quarterback . G ) bateman stop a runner at the line of scrimmage and throw he for a loss . h ) wilkinson take a punt at he own thirty . with Bateman block , wilkinson spring to the outside and go all the way for a touchdown . pacifico kick the extra point . scoreboard : Dallas 24 , redskin 14 . I ) dallas field goal kicker be set to boot one . the ball be snap , the kicker move forward and suddenly Brian Murray break through the offense and block the kick . J ) shane hit Franklin on a little down and out . he 's hit by the defender , the ball go fly but so do a flag . pass interference . redskin first down . k ) on clock four minute six second remain . CUT to : ext . huddle - day the redskin huddle break . the guy come to the line of scrimmage . al ( v.o. ) first and ten at the cowboy twenty and I be tell you , we be look at a totally different team here in the second half . boomer ( v.o. ) absolutely , Al . the redskin be play like there 's no tomorrow , because , hey , there be not ! dan ( v.o. ) I gotta agree with you on this one . the surprising thing for I be how ineffectual the Cowboys have be in this half . I mean , they look totally intimidate . al ( v.o. ) I love when you guy agree . on shane he 's in the shotgun call signal . shane Hut ! Hut ! he get the snap and start look downfield for receiver . on cochran he slip while he 's block butler who take advantage of the situation and blow by he . on shane he 's get Franklin crossing in the end zone . he cock and throw , and simultaneously get deck by butler . on ball a Dallas defensive halfback go up for it but just tip the ball . it keep go now end over end ... right into the wait arm of Franklin who be stand by himself in the end zone . Franklin be shocked . his teammate run into frame and mob he . al ( v.o. ) touchdown , skin ! what a fluke ! boomer ( v.o. ) total luck there , Al . make up for the perfect one they drop . dan ( v.o. ) maybe not so lucky . falco be down . on shane he 's on he back . on annabelle she look worried as trainer run out onto the field . on o'neil and augustine they're watch in o'neil 's bedroom . on shane trainer be bend over he . he 's out but he 's mumble : shane put you tit on my head ... a trainer hear that and look worried . Shane 's teammate run up and carry he off the field . on franklin he 's hold for pacifico on the extra point . on the snap , Franklin bobble the ball but manage to put it down . pacifico belt it through the upright . scoreboard : Dallas 24 , Washington 21. dissolve to : ext . sideline - day Shane be sit on the bench hold he head and he side . he 's talk quietly to mcginty . on wilkinson he 's on the field call for a fair catch . he make it . al ( v.o. ) ... one minute twenty remain , and even though Dallas do not score , they sure eat up a lot of the clock . another angle - wilkinson he 's lead the offense out onto the field . boomer ( v.o. ) and it look like falco can not answer the bell . he 's still on the bench and it appear that safety Earl wilkinson will be lead the redskin offense . dan ( v.o. ) they just need to get the ball in field goal range . al ( v.o. ) and for pacifico , that 's anything up to sixty - five yard . another angle - wilkinson he take the snap from the shotgun and keep the ball on a sweep . he plow for twelve yard . al ( v.o. ) that 's good for twelve yard . the clock stop on the first down . the redskin have no time - out leave . on shane mcginty be still bent over he . mcginty I need you hand in there for the field goal . I can not trust Franklin to hold . he almost drop the extra point . Shane be in major pain but nod he head . shane I can do it . on wilkinson he roll again , but no one be open . he cross the line of scrimmage , be hit and go down . on clock it continue to run and pass twenty second as we watch . on redskin they be hurry back to the line of scrimmage . wilkinson stand over center . on the snap , wilkinson throw the ball out of bound . al ( v.o. ) wilkinson throw it away , and with twelve second remain , the redskin will try a forty - eight yard field goal to tie it up . that 's almost a chip shot for pacifico . on shane he shakily follow pacifico out onto the field . reese Evans catch up with he . evan ( to Shane ) be you okay ? shane just make it a good snap . ( to pacifico ) and you will do the rest , right ? pacifico do not answer . on ball Evans lean over it . on shane he 's kneel in the middle of the field wait for the snap . but something be bother he . shane ( to pacifico ) Lou , be you alright ? pacifico look up from where he be set up for the kick . there be tear in he eye . pacifico I be sorry . they know where my family life . Shane try to digest what he just hear . shane what ?! evan ( through he leg ) come on , Shane ! Shane look back at pacifico and make a decision . shane Hut ! the ball be snap perfectly . Shane catch it and spot it perfectly . pacifico move to kick it . and Shane pull the ball away . pacifico fly through the air like snoopy as he kick nothing but air . he land hard . Shane jump to he foot and start run . al ( v.o. ) it 's a fake ! falco have it ! on mcginty he 's in shock . on shane he have totally catch the Cowboys by surprise . he sweep around the right side . the Dallas middle linebacker have recover and be move quickly to cut Shane off . but reese Evans come out of nowhere and crush the guy with a fly block . Shane cut downfield and head for the end zone with nobody near he , except : for the same safety from the first half who wait for he at the ten . the safety smile as he take a bead on Shane . Shane head right for the guy . he put he head down and smack helmet with the safety . the guy go down and Shane run over he and into the end zone . al ( v.o. ) falco score ! on mcginty he jump into the air . on o'neil he jump out of bed . on todd , rod and bob they jump on each other . on annabelle she 's jump for joy . on shane he spike the shit out of the ball . and then see something up field . al ( v.o. ) wait a minute . wait a minute . we have get a flag down . Shane stand stock -still in the end zone watch the ref call the penalty . ref clip . number 77 offense . on mickey lee he 's wear number 77 and he collapse in tear . on todd , rod and bob they be now sobbing in agony . on o'neil he 's be help back to bed by Augustine . on shane he 's walk slowly back to the line of scrimmage . on mcginty he look sick . Shane walk up to pacifico who be down . his arm be be immobilize by a team trainer . pacifico I break my arm . ( big smile ) thank you . you save my ass . Shane nod . in he earpiece , he hear mcginty . mcginty ( v.o. ) someday , you can explain what that be all about . we get no kicker , so you gotta take it in . you pick . you be the leader . shane ( to himself ) what would unitas do in this situation ? ( pause ) I have no idea . Shane lean into the huddle . lee I be so sorry , Shane . I be sorry , everybody . shane no problem , mickey . ( to Evans ) Hell of a hit , reese . evan that 's the one I be look for . I can retire in peace now . shane right after this play . so besides I , who really want the ball ? he look around the huddle . he study each face . and then he come to rest on Brian Murray . Brian 's eye be shine . he do not need word here . shane ( to Murray ) yeah . you want it , Brian . let 's hook up . ( sign as he say it ) Blue leave slot open ' a ' right . two jet ' X ' drive . on three . gentlemen , it 's be a honor share the field of battle . everybody put they hand into the middle . they break the huddle with a roar . on clock Three second be show . on line of scrimmage Shane lean over reese and call it . shane Blue 58 ! Blue 58 ! Hut ! Hut ! Hut ! Shane nod . on the snap , Shane roll leave . on reese evan he cut he man at the knee . on mickey lee he take two man down . on murray he cut on a deep post . on shane he step up and throw a clean bullet downfield . he roar in pain as he throw it . on murray the pass be perfect . he pull it in and beat he man to the end zone . redskin win . on crowd it roar ! " hail to the redskin " be deafen . Todd , Rod and Bob be scream . o'neil kiss Augustine . annabelle throw a punch into the air . mcginty be all smile . Shane walk up to he and they shake hand . pilachowski and bane hug . Lee and Andre be hugging and cry . cochran be on he knee praying . reese Evans join he . wilkinson hug jamal . clifford Franklin , hometown boy , throw himself into the stand where fan mob he . on eddie martel the Washington redskin first -string quarterback be so piss off he jump up from he seat and turn quickly to go up the step and out of the stadium . but he slip awkwardly and fall . he grab he knee and scream . on brian murray he 's still in the end zone , hold the ball up to the crowd . the roar be deafen . brian Pov we hear nothing , but somehow the pure energy of the moment come through . on shane in the silence , he 's walk in slow motion toward annabelle . and everybody be smile . fade out . the end