the repossession mambo by garrett lerner & Eric Garcia pase on the novel by Eric Garcia January 27 , 2004 fade in : ext . tyler STREET HOTEL - night a burn - out hotel rot away on a ugly , abandon road . we move through the crumble courtyard and into the scorched : int . lobby - night remy ( v.o. ) when I be on top , I live in the shadow . I know how to get in , and when to get out . sweeping up what be once a grand staircase as the faint clack of a typewriter grow louder . pushing through a door - int . room 416 - night a empty , unfurnish hotel room -- and remy , buck naked , sit in the middle , peck at the typewriter on he lap . his body be thin , wiry . a scar run down the middle of he chest . a shotgun be to he right . a scalpel to he leave . remy ( v.o. ) I be fear . respected . vilify . insert - the page in the typewriter as the next word be rapidly type : =o -s - -i-m-e - remy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) most time , they never see I come . flashback : ext . FIRE escape - night a figure stand in the shadow , watch through a apartment window as a hooker lead she JOHN into a bedroom . int . apartment bedroom - night the hooker 's on she knee . the guy moan , grunt , building - a shadow appear in the doorway . remy ( 0.s. ) Mr. smythe ? I be from the credit Union . remy step into the light and fire a taser -- the prong slam into the wall , barely miss the petrify John -- JOHN Holy fuck -- wait , I can pay -- with a easy snap of remy 's wrist , the taser prong retract . remy sorry . that 's not my department . remy launch the taser again -- it hit the guy 's chest -- 300 volt sizzle through he convulse body . the guy collapse , out cold . remy 's a blur of motion as he whip out a duffel bag and begin set up : a expandable lamp . a scalpel . a white apron , tie around he waist and neck . remy lean in , push on the guy 's belly -- and a phone handset whack remy upside the head . he spin -- the hooker , terrify , hold the handset like a club . hooker do not you fuck touch I -- remy ma‘am , there 's no need for violence . she gamely whack he in the head again . hooker i I ’‘1l call the cop , I swear -- remy 's 9 mm be suddenly in he hand and blasting the phone into a million plastic fragment . the hooker be stunne . remy Lady , why you gotta bust my ball ? hooker help ! somebody -- in a blur remy 's across the room , slamming the hooker against the wall . he slap a hand over she tremble mouth . remy listen to I . listen ! I be here to do a job , just like you . you new pal buy something that he could not pay for , and I have come to take it back . now if he die , he die , and that 's a shame , but he should have think of that before he start pay for blowjob and stop pay he bill . do you understand I ? still scared , she nod . remy ( cont 'd ) so let 's be adult about this and let everyone get on with they business . remy back away , keep a eye on she . she 's shaking , barely able to move . he turn back to the guy -- as the hooker scream and run at remy -- who expertly zap she with a no-look taser blast . she drop . without miss a beat , remy lift the scalpel , pick a spot on the guy 's belly , and slice it open . he thrust he hand into the open wound , and -- int . kitchen - night a amorphous blob of blood and tissue be toss into the sink -- it clang oddly against the basin . remy , he apron cover in blood , flip on the faucet . he remove a lacquer box from he bag and set it on the counter . a logo be stamp onto the top : a black circle with a lightning bolt shoot through it . he look to the sink -- where the water have begin to wash away the bodily fluid cover the blob . a distinct glitter of metal appear ... dissolve to : a similarly shape metal sphere sit on a man 's palm . silicon tube snake out of it . tv spokesman ( v.o. ) Friends , be you weary of watch you widen waistline ? be you tired of try on tightening trousers ? int . remy 's car - night where the commercial continue on a small plasma screen set into the steering wheel . remy drive he beat - up sedan , window down . on the seat next to he be the lacquer box . tv spokesman ( v.o. ) then you x11 love the new kenton es - 19 with preset esophogeal inhibitor , available now at the credit Union . we help you get more you out of you . remy click off the tv as he pull to a red light . a hot - rod pull up next to remy 's sedan , music loud , engine gun . the young guy inside glance over -- a challenge , perhaps -- and catch sight of the tattoo on remy 's arm -- that same black circle with five shimmer lightning bolt through it . the guy , suddenly terrify , throw he car in reverse and bail out as fast as he can . remy do not flinch . ext . mall - night seem like you average suburban mall , though there be a excessive number of ambulance pull up outside . remy ( v.o. ) the mall . disneyland for sucker . Mecca for the meek . int . mall - night remy strut purposefully down the wide corridor . people stream to either side as he pass , afraid to come too close . remy ( v.o. ) for I , it be work . we pass a empty storefront -- the paint fade where the word the gap use to be . a banner hang across the window : ' 2 depot . remy turn a corner and slam into a six - foot tall lung . larry the lung ( muffle , inside costume ) hey , buddy , watch you damn -- ( beat ; recognize remy ) oh , sir . I be so sorry -- I do not -- remy brushes aside the mascot and continue on he way . int . mall - outside credit union - night a long line of customer wait outside this storefront , the word credit union # 418 emblazon atop the double door . that circle - and -arrow logo sparkles in brightly light neon . harry the heart , Larry 's cardiac counterpart , jump rope with he own aorta . child laugh at the mascot 's antic . down the line , most customer use crutch , walker . some have portable iv bag . a few be wheeled along on hospital gurney . everyone wait he turn ... except for remy . he stroll past the line and give a nod to the guard man a metal detector . remy walk through - setting off a screeching alarm . no one seem to care . int . credit union - front office - night look like a insurance office . we move with remy past a line of booth where customer watch slick video presentation . video narrator # 1 ( v.o. ) . in year past , nearly two hundred thousand people wait on organ transplant list at any give time , hope for someone else to die so that they could possibly live . but thanks to modern biomedical science ... we move down , where the next monitor be further along in the presentation . a animated cross-section of the body open up . video narrator # 2 ( v.o. ) where the artificial organ , or artiforg , be expertly and cleanly insert into the customer . then ... remy move beyond the video booth , past salesmen ply they ware on the customer trap in they cubicle . salesman # 1 .it 's top -of - the-line , I can guarantee you that . no one else make a better kidney right now ... pass another cubicle where a young woman sign papers -- salesman # 2 . the apr be thirty - nine point six percent , standard for a generic pancreatic unit with you excellent credit history ... a entire family squeeze into the last cubicle , surround they pale , deathly ill father . the credit Union manager and top closer -- a snazzily dress frank -- finish he spiel : frank . three final letter will be send . after the thirtieth day of the sixth month of nonpayment , we be legally entitle to retrieve the property -- at we own expense , of course , utilize we skilled and license technician . but I assure you , this be rare -- only one- point - five percent of all artiforg be ever repossess . ( beat ) you owe this to you family , Mr. Troy . you owe it to yourself . ( beat ) now , if you could just sign here ... remy 's lip twist contemptuously as he pass by . he wink at the sick father , who pale by another two shade . remy ( v.o. ) he sign it . everyone sign it . int . credit union - back office - night it 's darker back here , not quite so corporate . just a few low card table where scraggly repo men drink they coffee . remy stare up at the far wall , where a huge chalkboard be divide into a chart , the box scrawle with name and number . raymond ( 0.s. ) goddamn ear again . raymond pearl be a good foot taller than remy , a hulk mass of angry meat . he nod up to the chalkboard , where next to the name R. pearl , it say marshodyne e-2000 , audio module . remy job 's a job , Ray -- raymond I be just say , ear four time ina row , that 's chop shop . this fuck probation be not fair . remy be not fair what you do to that girl on the subway , either . sudden flash -- ray on a subway train gleefully rip out the artificial organ of a girl no older than sixteen . light flicker , terrify passenger scream -- back to scene raymond yeah , well ... you be not there . ( beat ; softer ) listen , my sister 's kid , he want in . remy talk to Frank . raymond I kinda think maybe a recommendation come from you , from a level five -- Raymond gesture towards remy 's tattoo , the five shimmer bolt . Raymond only have three . remy I do not even know the kid . raymond sure you do ! he work outside , wear the lung costume . before remy can respond , frank burst through the door . frank you be kill I come in through the front like that . I get guy tryin' to make sale , you be out front spook the client . remy like Joe asshole give a crap . guy need a new bladder , he ’1ll buy a new bladder . frank it might make he ... reflect . we can not have reflection . Frank lead remy away from Ray and back to : int . artiforg locker - credit union - day a gated room set off from the main compound . hundred of the lacquer artiforg box be stack all around a familiar iron statue : a black sphere with a lightning bolt through it . remy toss Frank the box ; Frank flip it open . set inside be the metallic oblong sphere from the kitchen sink . Frank lean over a nearby computer , peck at the keyboard . frank easy job ? remy ' Bout average . Frank hit enter , and the computer beeps . job complete . Frank pull the artiforg out of the lacquer box and toss it into a bin mark artiforg outbox . they turn to leave -- jake ( 0.s. ) five - day count , big man . give it up . we whip around to find jake frievald , a taut , lean fellow with a tattoo identical to remy 's . Black tank top , fatigue pants . a military boy who never give up the look . remy ( v.o. ) Jake frievald kick my ass in the third grade . flashback : ext . bike rack - elementary school - day Young Jake and Young remy pummel one another with abandon , surround by a circle of kide cheer they on . remy ( v.o. ) or I kick he . it do not matter . int . outside principal' office - day Jake and remy sit , bloody , in the wait area . remy ( v.o. ) we sit there for hour , outside the principal 's office , wait for we punishment . by the end of the day , we be best friend for life . back to scene int . artiforg locker - credit union - day Jake and remy press they thumb together as a greeting . remy two liver and a jarvik . jake Three ? back in the day you would grab three before lunch . c’mon , let 's hit a few . remy gotta tell Carol I be go . jake of course you do . Jake follow remy out -- frank use the back door , guy -- the back -- but they be already out through the front , into the pool of wait customer . Frank hang he head and sigh . int . mall - outside credit union - day remy and Jake , bloody as all hell , head into a store call all thing good . int . all thing good - day a quaint country store -- stuff bear sit on handmade wood table , a white picket fence snake through the joint to give it that homey feel . the customer get one look at remy and Jake 's bloodstain shirt and quickly file out . remy approach the back counter where a stern - face beauty stare he down . this be carol . remy we be gonna head over to montego , you want I to bring you home some wing ? carol I want you to try change the shirt before he see you . remy Peter 's here already ? carol he get here the same time every day . remy right . carol maybe you could take he . go do something with you son instead of go to the bar with the asshole . jake that 's what my mom call I , too . Jake hold up a crochete scarf , get bloodstain on it . jake ( cont 'd ) do you have this in blue ? carol ( ignore Jake ; to remy ) do you talk to Frank today ? about move over to sale ? remy glance at Jake , who 's watch they conversation . remy do not come up . listen , I ’1l1 help Peter with he homework when I get back . Carol shake she head , disappointed . carol just go . before he see the blood . remy head for the door , Jake right next to he . jake that go well . ext . STREET - dusk a abandon industrial area . windowless , burn out warehouse line the street . remy 's car cruise by ... 10 . int . remy 's car - drive - night remy drive , Jake shotgun . jake you would actually work less hour . remy if I could convince Frank . jake and you would make more money . remy hazardous duty , man . jake sittin 's in the sale office ? remy I look some cancer-riddled prick in the eye and say , '' you owe it to you family . you owe it to yourself . '' might choke on my own vomit . jake so tell Carol to blow . remy yeah , you tell she . Jake have no answer to that . look up ahead , notice a wiry , chip tooth addict limping along a chain link fence . jake guy up there . that 's a flexorgen . I know that gimp a mile away . remy twenty buck he 's overdue . jake slow up . remy slow the car to a crawl . Jake reach into he duffel , pull out a radar- gun -shape scanner . he point the scanner at the addict , depress the trigger , and we go into ... scanner p.o.v . camera race straight at the greasy loser at light speed . a sicken sound as we pierce he flesh and go inside he torso Racing past rib , swim through blood , and barrel by organ , until finally landing ... 3 11 . close on : a shiny , metallic hip replacement . we hear a distinct , warble ping ! split screen : the right side show the scanner 's readout . Green letter on black : i i current . back in the car jake ( cont 'd ) all pay up . you owe I twenty . remy I 'il get drink . a little further up the road , remy spot a obese man waddling down the sidewalk . remy ( cont 'd ) check out fatty . you know that guy 's organ give out a long time ago . Jake hit the scanner . - ping ! on the screen : kenton pancreatic system m - 4 * with glucose monitor . account status : 179 day past due . remy ( cont 'd ) deadbeat ? jake two more day . remy should reclaim he anyway . jake ( smile ) you can not transfer . you 'il always be repo . remy roll down he window , call out . remy Nice night for a walk . obese man fuck off . remy how 's that pancreas holdin’ up ? remy let he arm dangle out the window . the big guy clock he sphere - and-lightne - bolt tattoo -- see : 12 . obese man ( suddenly nervous ) I -- I send the money in this morning . remy you better hope you do . obese man I swear . I be just at the post office . remy two day , that pancreas be mine . the fat man take off run as fast as he can . jake look at he go . gonna need a new heart soon as he round the corner . ext . montego BAY bar - night a neon sign outside the bar : a rasta relax on a hammock , sling between two palm tree . a fat spliff glow red , on and off , as he smoke it . remy ( v.o. ) J. mulhearn . you think it could be Jamie mulhearn ? int . bar - night reggae dancehall music play . remy and Jake nurse Red stripe beer . empty line the table . remy stare at a pink sheet with a yellow receipt attach . jake guy in C squadron ? with the fuck - up mustache ? no way , lemme see that . ( grab pink sheet ) Holy shit , it ig he . poor shit still life with he parent . remy you ever repo anybody you know ? jake my grandpa . remy fuck you , you do not . Jake laugh and take another sip of he beer . jake no , but I would . on day 181 , if I get the pink sheet . job 's a job , man . 13 . remy yeah . job 's a job . they press they thumb together . down they drink . int . remy 's car - parking lot - night remy and Jake sit in the car , outside the montego Bay . remy throw the car into reverse and back out , nearly plow into a prostitute walk the parking lot . she slap the trunk of the car . prostitute jagoff ! jake eye on the road , Romeo . I will not be you best man for that one . remy please -- that woman 's be jack - hammer into bubblegum , be not even a real . woman anymore . jake I need to show you you own resume ? freeze on remy -- remy ( v.o. ) so my first wife be a hooker . Big fuck deal . flashback : int . brothel waiting room - night bad wallpaper , worse curtain . a price list on the wall over young remy 's head give the menu of the day in very graphic detail . moan filter in from behind a curtain - off room . remy ( v.o. ) nineteen year old , on forty - eight hour leave from basic training . what else be there to do ? a bell ring -- remy look off to the curtain room -- int . beth 's room - brothel - night beth , blonde and pretty , lie naked on the bed . remy , nervous as all hell , stand in the doorway . remy you're ... naked . 14 . beth you new at this ? cuT to : remy and beth in bed remy ( v.o . ) it be not my first time , but it be not exactly my third , either . Beth be ... slightly more experience . she roll on top of remy playfully , move downtown ... int . beth 's room - brothel - dawn remy ( v.o. ) five hour later , I be in love . sweat drip off Beth 's body . she 's post-orgasmic . beth you do not have to -- a doe -ey remy come up from between Beth 's leg . remy I want to . ( beat ) let 's get marry . beth why would you want to marry I ? remy I dunno , you be sweet , you be beautiful , you do that ... thing ... ( beat ; quieter ) and when I be in Africa , it might be nice to know I have get someone at home ... to come back to . Beth stare at remy . he stare back . standoff . finally : beth sure , what the fuck . let 's do it . remy I have only get three more hour . beth I have only get two more client . remy burst into a huge smile -- a flashbulb pop -- int . brothel waiting room - later the wedding be in full swing . remy in tux on one side , Beth in white lingerie on the other , a preacher in the middle . 15 . in lieu of a veil , Beth wear a pair of fishnet on she head . Jake and the soldier stand in full military dress next to remy ; Beth have five half - dress prostitute as bridesmaid . remy lift Beth 's fishnet - cum-veil and kiss she -- everyone cheer -- there 's another flash -- back to scene int . remy 's car - parking lot - night remy stare nostalgically at the lanky hooker walk off . remy Beth be different . jake yeah . Beth be a flower . remy she be young , she be find herself . ° jake Three thousand Marines be find she , too . remy just shake he head . step on the gas and pull out of there . int . remy 's car - drive - night remy finish he last Red stripe beer . throw the empty into the backseat . jake you hear about the new m - 5 neural net ? remy I do not read that fuckin’ pamphlet . jake I see it at the trade show . thing take over the whole damn limbic system . Brain damage , stroke -- it do not matter . they hook you up , it 's like you be live the rest of you life in a dream . remy how do you take it out ? jake I do not know . sledgehammer ? remy chainsaw . 16 . jake or just grab hold of the brain and give it a good yank -- remy 's scanner start go berserk . whoop ! whoop ! remy Holy shit . remy slow the car outside a desolate , abandon building . jake what 's up ? on the scanner : a endless list of artiforg go whirring by . crimson letter blink furiously : past due . past due . remy we get a nest . int . abandoned build - night shaft of moonlight illuminate tatter sleep bag , submerge in ankle deep puddle . like a crack house on crack . all be eerily quiet , the mass asleep . until ... the boarded window be kick in . remy and Jake enter , power incarnate . double - fisting taser , zap everything . total chaos break out . ext . abandoned build - night dozen of people come stream out of the building , pour out window , scramble down rickety fire escape . scatter like ant after they pile 's be kick . back inside : int . abandoned build - night a wiry man be struggle to get out the window when remy grab he and throw he back inside like a rag doll . remy quickly hit he with a taser , take the fight out of he . jake ( o.s. ) I get ten upstairs . how have you do ? Jake descend a crumble staircase , take in the carnage . remy silently count the unconscious body on the floor . remy twelve . suddenly , the wiry man , twitching on the floor , manage to struggle to he foot and lunge for the window again . remy ( cont 'd ) hey ! 17 . remy move to grab he , but the guy jump for it . escape . jake try eleven . remy shit . still beat you . Jake smile . take in the body scattered all over the floor . all that overdue artiforg wait to be harvest . remy ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) let 's get to work . Jake start fill out yellow repo receipt as remy pull out he scalpel and kneel over the close body . int . credit union - franks office - night Frank be on the phone , peer down at the repo Men milling about on the first floor . dozen of unbox artiforg suddenly drop on the desk in front of he . he jump back in surprise , then look up to see remy and Jake , cover in blood . frank Jesus Christ . do not you guy wear apron ? jake yeah , and fry hat , too . remy we do a little freelance . frank ( into phone ) let I cali you right back . Frank hang up . jake 21 host , 57 ' forg . frank but where do you ...? remy we find a nest . jake Little bastard on the run , guess they find comfort in stick together . 18 . frank that 's so stupid -- for they . but it 's brilliant for we . ( beat ; excited ) we should make you guy a task force . you go out , take down this nest . remy and how do we get pay ? frank lump sum . Big jackpot . very classy . remy no thanks , I 'il stick to my assignment . Frank turn to Jake , cling to this new concept . frank how about it ? i’1l put you with Ray -- he have be great at mass extraction . Jake look at remy . can not betray he friend . jake I do not run on spec . give I a pink sheet . Frank let out a heavy sigh and hand Jake a pink sheet with a yellow receipt attach . Jake scan he assignment . jake ( cont 'd ) ( impressed ) jarvik job . out in the Heights . remy Nice ' burb . who 's the host ? jake say j.t. bonasera . remy James Todd ? be that Jimmy t- bone ? frank the record producer . half a year past due . remy but the guy 's gotta be a billionaire . frank tax evasion -- IRS tag he residual . every time you hear one of he tune , the fed get a little richer . jake how come I never hear of this guy ? 19 . remy ' Cause you gotta have taste . jake I have taste . remy uh-huh . he 's the one that do baby in my sleeve . Carol and I , that be we song . jake so it 's a mercy kill . remy that 's real nice . jake listen , I / 11 make you a deal . you come watch the game at my place tomorrow , and I ’11l switch you this guy for Jamie mulhearn . remy hesitates , mask he relief . remy yeah , okay . t- bone deserve to get he heart rip out by someone who appreciate he work . as they exchange pink slip ... int . remy and carol 's house - night remy enter to find Carol sit on the couch , beneath a shelf fill with trinket from she store . remy hey . I get you wing . carol already eat . remy mind if I have ‘em ? carol would that be before or after you help Peter with he homework ? remy check he watch . wince . know he screw up . remy drop the sack of food on the coffee table . surprise Carol when he cuddle up next to she on the couch . remy ( quietly ) hey , remember that song baby in my sleeve ? Jimmy t- bone -- 20 . sudden flashback -- the same house -- move box litter the floor . a baby , maybe two month old , sleep in a carrier atop the same coffee table . moving past ... remy stand on the brand new couch , hang the shelf on the wall above it . a young , sexier Carol , wear a nurse 's uniform , dance over to he , hip sway to the smooth hip-hop -jazz riff of Jimmy T - bone 's baby in my sleeve . she climb up on the couch , come up behind remy -- kiss he ear , take the hammer from he hand and drop it to the floor . remy turn into she , unzipping she uniform -- lower she to the couch , the two fall into one another - back to scene where the now older , world - weary Carol move away from remy . carol yeah , I remember . what about it ? remy forget it . remy 's up and out of there . int . remy and carol be house - hallway - night remy carefully crack the bedroom door , then sneak into ... int . peter 's room - night remy cross the darken room , stand over a sleep peter , he 10 - year - old son . run a finger across he cheek . quietly : remy sorry , buddy . remy turn to leave the room . Peter call out to he , groggy . peter hey , dad . remy do you do you report ? peter I start . 21 . remy i’1l help you finish in the morning . peter okay . it 's on the Roman . remy they be some bad - ass dude . peter do you know they use to make people fight with lion ? remy barbaric . go to sleep . remy head for the door . peter dad , why do the Roman stone people to death ? remy because they do not have any gun . goodnight . peter night . and remy close the door behind he ... int . remy and carol 's house - morning remy sit over a bowl of cereal . Carol , across from he , read the paper . it 's silent . Peter carry in several book . peter you ready , dad ? remy maybe we can skip the homework until later tonight . first let 's go watch the game at uncle Jake 's . peter cool . carol Peter , Jake be not you uncle . peter I know . carol and tell you father we do not discuss anything about go to he house . 22 . remy tell you mother it 's just a barbeque carol I think you have to work . remy it 's a night job . come on , it ’1ll be good for the kid to get out . . off Carol , unhappy but resign ... ext . jake 's house - backyard - day remy navigate he way through the crowded backyard , drag Carol and Peter behind he . Peter 's face be bury in a handheld video game . Jake spot they come . jake hey , bring the whole family . ( rub Peter 's head ) you want a hot dog , Ham -bone ? peter I guess so . Jake throw a hot dog on the grill . Peter fix he hair . jake you have a good day at school ? peter it 's Saturday . jake so ? when I be you age , we go to school every day . and at night , too . peter nuh-uh . carol do not lie to my child , Jake . Jake roll he eye to remy . remy shrug . his cell phone ring . he pop it open . remy yeah ? ( beat ) no , I be not home . it 's not a good time . ( beat ) Christ . Fine , take it to 1450 Greendale . two minute . remy snap the phone close . 23. carol what be that ? remy what ? nothing . I leave some equipment at the office . remy walk quickly to Jake , talk quietly . remy ( cont ’d ) gimme you apron . jake what 's up ? remy I get a mobile come in . keep Carol and Peter busy . he take Jake 's apron and head out . Jake call over toward Peter ... jake hey , Peter , you wanna flip some burger ? peter can we make the fire higher ? jake c’mere , you little pyro . remy veer over towards Carol . remy I 'il be right back . ext . jake 's house - front yard - day remy wait at the curb , Jake 's red and white checker apron tie around he waist . a taxi cab pull into the driveway . inside the cab the fare peer nervously out the window from the backseat . fare I just want the fairfield downtown -- cabbie Quick errand , buddy . do not worry , I be not charge . the cabbie make a show of turn off the meter . on the passenger seat be a artiforg scanner , blink past due . remy approach the cab . 24 , fare who 's that ? cabbie relax , fella . guy 's a friend of mine . the fare , spook , reach for the far door handle -- but it 's break off . no way out . he turn back -- remy open the. cab door and tasers the guy . he slump . the cabbie adjust the rear view mirror as remy go to work . in the rear view scalpel fly , blood splatter . remy move quickly . after a few moment , a bloody remy appear at the cabbie 's window ; remy toss two hundred buck at the guy . cabbie ( cont 'd ) for a extra fin , I will get rid of the body . remy toss he a twenty . he hear a commotion behind he . jake ( 0.s. ) Carol , wait -- I have get a blanket -- carol ( 0.s. ) it 's fine , my sweater 's in the car -- remy jerk around to see Carol come out of the house , Peter at she side . Jake follow behind , try to get she to come back inside -- no luck . Carol stop on the front step -- freeze -- there 's remy , bloody , hold a artiforg as the cab drive away . he , too , be freeze . Peter actually look up at he father for once -- then , unimpress , go back to he video game . carol ( cont ’d ) I be so do with this . remy cc’mon , it 's just a kidney ... Carol drag Peter into they car and gun the engine . as she drive away . jake I could not keep she busy . 25 . remy yeah . I see that . Jake throw he arm around remy . jake I ’‘1l give you a ride home after the game . int . jake 's car - night Jake pull up into remy 's driveway . remy sigh as he eye the house . linger in the car . jake I do not know how you put up with it . remy every man 's suburban dream . jake not mine . remy I be gonna go do the T - bone job first . give she time to calm down . you gonna head over to Jamie mulhearn 's ? jake already be there . he say to say hi . remy you do not do it ? jake oh , I do the job . he say to say hi before that part . remy climb out of the car . stare at the house with dread . Jake back out . remy head straight for he own car and climb in . int . mansion - night jimmy '' t- bone '' bonasera sit behind the mixing board in he home studio , fiddling with various knob and switch , fine tuning the smooth riff that emanate from the speaker . remy approach quietly from behind as t- bone lift a vial of sparkling red powder , rub the substance into he gum . remy Nice house . t- bone turn off the music , but do not turn around . 26 . t-bone thanks . ai not really mine anymore . you with the IRS ? remy no . t- bone & soul sucker be take everything E back . remy so be I . t- bone turn and look at remy for the first time . spot the duffel bag . the defibrillator unit . the tattoo . t-bone ( nod ) can I finish this song ? remy of course . I be a big fan . t-bone you could help . my assistant leave two week ago . remy I do not know . I have never make music before . t-bone it be not complicated . a song 's just a whole mess of tiny part work together . all you gotta do be break the song back down . extract the individual part . remy I can probably do that . as remy take a seat behind the mixing board ... dissolve to : later . the final strain of the newly mix song pour out of the speaker . t- bone listen , rapt , eye close . remy can not control he smile , overwhelm by the experience . t-bone now that 's a hit right there . remy the IRS will be thrilled . t-bone do I a favor . see that mad Dog over at Blue note record get this . 27 . remy it 's do . t- bone pop out a memory stick ; remy put it in he duffel . t-bone so we gonna do this , or what ? remy I be sorry . I really be a big fan . t-bone a gig 's a gig , right ? should I sit , stand ? remy easiest if you laid down . t- bone lie on the floor . he unbutton he shirt , then pour a little more red powder and rub it into he gum one last time . his hand shake a bit as he offer the vial to remy . t-bone wanna q up ? remy I should probably do this straight . he hand t- bone a pen and a yellow repo receipt . remy ( cont ’d ) do you mind ? less paperwork if I can get the client to sign off before ... t- bone sign he name on the bottom of the receipt , and remy nod he thanks . he line up a scalpel , electric see , and a suction unit , then gather the defibrillator . t-bone what 's that thing for ? remy it 's a defib unit . jarvik stop pump when you jolt it with a electric pulse . keeps I from lose a finger . remy flip the defib unit on and it hum to life . he twist the dial to 300 ... t-bone this gonna hurt ? remy rub the shock pad together . remy you will not feel a thing . 28 . t- bone close he eye . remy place the shock pad on t- bone 's chest . depress the thumb button , and suddenly .... SPARKS erupt out of the defibrillator pad ! the explosion send remy flying backward through the air -- body twisted -- freeze-frame on half - dead remy , mid-flight . remy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I have be knock unconscious on three separate occasion . flashback : int . long waiting room - day remy sit on a long bench , in military dress . several soldier wait alongside he . remy ( v.o. ) first day overseas , my regiment be send for test to see how we could best assist the U.S. military in the African campaign . muffled boom begin filter through the wall . at first they be soft , but they grow louder ... boom ... boom ... boom - silence . after a moment , a door open at the far end of the hall . a nurse step out with a clipboard and stare at remy . int . testing room - day Big , gleam white room . sterile . in the center : remy , strapped to a metal framework that conform to he body like a vertical beach chair . a doctor pull hard on each strap , then slip a pair of goggle with wire come out of they over remy 's eye . remy what be this thing ? doctor it 's a control chair . for the concussion test . head back . the doctor squish a helmet over remy 's head . remy the what test ? but the doctor 's disappear . remy turn back , and suddenly 29 . the sahara desert appear all around he . nothing but sand for mile . a muffle boom sound in the distance , with a flash of light . remy squint , try to make out the source of the explosion . remy ( cont ’d ) hello ? be I suppose to do something ? int . control room - day through a one - way mirror , we can see remy , the chair shaking he around as the boom grow louder . the doctor take a sip of tea and grab a baseball bat , wrap in plastic , from a rack of bat on the wall . the sign above read sterile . int . testing room - day bat in hand , the doctor re-enter . remy be still strapped in he chair , grimace as the virtual explosion intensify . remy ‘s Pov - a arc of FIRE come closer -- a missile head directly for he , and -- the doctor whack remy in the head with the baseball bat . curt to : black . remy ( v.o. ) that be knockout number one . moan . not erotic one bit . it 's the sound of pain . int . recovery room - day remy 's eye flutter open , and he stagger to he foot -- Inside a long recovery room , fill with cot and moan soldier , most still out cold . remy 's the only one stand . the doctor approach . doctor congratulation , son . you have get a very small brain . 30 . int . tank - day remy sit in a control chair -- like the one in the concussion test -- at the front of this high - tech tank . remy ( v.o . ) small brain , big skull . that 's why Jake and I come out of concussion as fast as we do . Jake sit behind he in the gunner 's chair . a thin panel of glass be between they . remy put he thumb on one side of the glass , Jake do it on the other -- pressing thumb together as a light zap across the surface , and the tank engine roar to life . we have ignition . remy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and that 's why they put we in a tank . ext . desert - day a row of tank maneuver deftly over the sand , side - by-side . remy ( v.o . ) but by the time we finish training , the war be already wind down . int . tank - day remy write a postcard ; Jake play solitaire . the monitor in they tank show three enemy soldier wave frantically , try to surrender . remy ( v.o . ) it give I time to write to Beth . ext . desert - day the tank mindlessly roll over the three soldier . int . tank - day remy 's write yet another letter in back as Jake steer the tank , gleefully target rabbit and snake . remy ( v.o. ) but the more often I write , the less I hear back . ext . desert - night the tank roll to a stop . remy ( v.o. ) and then , one night , it be over . 31 . int . military airplane - night freeze soldier sit side - by-side as they make they way back to America . remy flip through a meager pile of letter . remy ( v.o. ) I have not hear from Beth in two month . ext . red light district - night remy stroll purposefully through the red-light area . remy ( v.o. ) my plan be to go in there , sweep she off she foot , and take she away from all this mess . int . brothel waiting room - night remy storm in , past the wait client . the familiar moan emanate from behind the curtain . remy storm through - int . beth 's room - brothel - night two beefy marine be service the lady on the bed -- remy Beth , you husband be home ! the marine turn -- the girl on the bed sit up -- it 's not Beth . the new prostitute scream -- the Marines , scowl on they face , leap out of bed , draw back they fist -- the punch fly forward -- black remy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and that take care of the second time I be knock unconscious . end flashback int . mansion - night remy 's freeze in mid-air , have be shocked by the electric defibrillator paddle . somewhere , a typewriter clack -- unfreeze . the mid-air fall resume , remy blast backwards - slamming into a wall , crumpling to the floor below . 32 . his eye be open , but glaze over . a trickle of blood run from he nose . his palm be burn and blacken . remy ( v.o. ) blackout number three . this time , I be legally dead for twenty minute . Jimmy t- bone sit up and see remy laid out on the carpet . remy ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) if t- bone have not spook and call the med , there have be no more story to tell . the guy grab for a phone and frantically start dial . remy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) everybody 's gotta be a fuck hero . we hold on remy 's blank stare as everything slowly go ... black . remy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) when I come to , the first thing I see be ... cleavage . a great set . nurse ( 0.s. ) I think he 's awake . int . remy 's hospital room - day remy 's nurse pull back . Hospital ceiling above . Jake and Frank pop into frame , stare down at we -- jake gave we a scare there , pal . frank look good . look real good . remy 's about as far from good as you can get . a iv drip into he wrist ; a machine display he weak blood pressure . remy ( barely above a whisper ) the ... client ... frank lookit this guy -- two second out of a coma and he 's worried about work . jake I get he , buddy . soon as the medic clear you , I finish the job . 33. remy weakly hold out he thumb ; Jake press he against it . remy look around the empty room -- remy Carol ...? jake I call she . she know . I do not think she 's send flower any time soon . remy nod . then ... remy I can not ... remember -- what -- frank faulty shock unit . we get the boy in the shop look at it right now . Jake and Frank share a look -- remy notice -- remy what ? what be it ? Frank nudge Jake ; want he to do the talk . jake you know I woulda come either way . for you , no question -- but we do have some business to discuss . remy sure . yeah . take my job for a few day ... ' till I get back -- jake it 's not ... it 's not that . remy 's confuse . Jake look ashamed . remy follow he gaze over to a SMALL metallic BOX on a tall wheeled cart . silicon tub snake out and into a open incision in remy 's chest . frank it 's a jarvik 39 . top of the line -- remy no . no no no -- get it out -- frank ten million beat warranty , it 's get the no-rust valve , the undercoate - remy start to pull at the tube ; Jake grab he hand -- 34 . jake you get hit hard , man . it 's all scar tissue in there -- remy I feel fine -- lemme go -- frank the unit 's already do the work . ' all you have to do be sign a few papers and they can put it in and sew you up , better than new . the warranty alone -- remy do not you sell I . do not you -- I be not a fuck client -- frank course you 's be not . you be the top repo man in this whole damn town . and you can still gas , grab , and go , but you gotta have a ticker to play the game . remy look to Jake , who can barely meet he gaze , then to Frank . maybe he 's right ... frank ( cont 'd ) you owe it to you family . you owe it to yourself . int . hospital hallway - day remy stagger down the hallway , yanking out tube and wire as he go , the jarvik - 39 skitter behind on its tall cart . Jake and Frank jog after remy -- frank what ? what have I say ? jake you asshole . a nurse scowl at remy as he stumble by . nurse Sir , that 's hospital property -- remy reach into he own bloody chest incision -- wince with the pain -- and unhook the main tube . the jarvik cart slow to a halt as remy lurch for the exit door . ext . hospital - day the automatic door open , and remy , already look weaker , struggle out . he lean against the wall of the hospital . 35 . Jake and Frank stand in the doorway . jake come back inside . remy I be ... fine ... remy take a step -- knee buckle -- breath come in great heave -- take another step , leg shaking -- and he collapse five foot from the hospital door . remy struggle to he hand and knee and start to crawl . frank now you be just be childish . remy keep crawl . Jake shake he head , pain -- nothing he can do . head back inside . dissolve to : ext . hospital - night hour later . two paramedics whisk a gurney and patient away from a ambulance , and the vehiclé move out -- revealing remy , on he stomach , maybe five foot from where he be six hour ago . still try to crawl . Hospital patient and visitors step over remy , pay he no mind as he gasp and wheeze , barely able to move . Frank sit on a nearby bench , smoking a cigarette . wait remy out . dissolve to : ext hospital - day hour later . Frank 's still on that bench , a pile of cigarette butt at he foot -- remy 's still on the ground , pretty much in the same place . we be tight on remy 's face -- pain , weathered , barely able to take each individual breath -- when Frank 's clipboard and papers clatter to the asphalt a foot away . Frank stand above he , a loom shadow . there 's a long pause , a final moment of decision -- remy do not even look up . Arm shaking , finger tremble , he take the pen in hand ... . remy ( v.o. ) I be in the hospital for ten day after they pop in the jarvik ... cnagene 36 . int . remy and carol 's house - live room - night remy , on shaky leg , shuffles into the darken house . remy ( v.o. ) back at home , Carol make sure my every need be take care of . Carol approach , hold a pilow and fold blanket . carol so you be not go to die ? remy that 's what they tell I . Carol nod , disappointed . drop the pillow and blanket onto the sofa , then disappear back towards the bedroom . remy shake he head , then lie down on the couch and pull the thin blanket up to he neck . int . credit union - back office - night repo Men surround remy , force - feed he cake and beer . Harry the heart be lead into the room by a few of the guy . remy ( v.o . ) when I get back to the office , the guy throw I a party . Real low key . Harry start to take off the heart costume -- revealing a female stripper inside . cheer go up as the festivity continue . ext . downtown STREET - night remy , in full repo gear , slip into a apartment building . remy ( v.o. ) that night , I be back on the job . int , build hallway - night remy kneel in the hall . a plastic tube snake from a tank of ether underneath a apartment door . Gas hiss . int . client 's apartment - night a middle - age man be on the floor , out cold . shatter glass , puddle of spilt milk . remy approach . he set up the usual equipment : lamp , box , apron . pull out he favorite scalpel , rip open the man 's shirt : -- place the scalpel to the guy 's torso , press dor -- remy 's hand tremble . pee 37 . remy ( v.o. ) but it be not like before . he sit back , take a breath , and re-apply the scalpel -- he shake again . harder . his hand will not stop tremble . he grab one hand with the other , force himself -- then he run into the kitchen and puke in the sink . int . montego BAY bar - night Jake drink , laugh . the usual . remy sit beside he , try to muster up he best fake smile . remy ( v.o. ) suddenly , everything be different . jake and then the guy just start cry . bawling like a little girl , begging . and this snot bubble come out of he nose , and the harder he cry , the bigger it get . bigger and smaller , bigger and smaller ... push in on remy ... remy ( v.o. ) I be still swapping storey with Jake about some shmuck and he overdue liver , but now all I could think about be how the host have a name . and a wife . kid . ext . montego BAY bar - night remy sit in he car , alone . the parking lot be empty . remy ( v.o. ) and how he do not deserve to die . int . remy and carol be house - night remy turn out the light and climb onto the couch to go to sleep . Carol wander in , several envelope in she hand . carol I think there be a mistake on you commission check . remy there 's no mistake . thing be slow . carol do not piss away you last shred of usefulness . 38 . remy stare she down -- then pull the blanket over he head so he do not have to look at she . int . frank 's office - day remy ( v.o. ) I do my job . it be all I know . Frank grind through he paperwork . remy enter . frank just the man I want to see . Frank toss remy a pink assignment sheet . frank ( cont ’d ) I know you be take a hit on that payment plan , so I save this one for you . Big commission -- fifteen different ' forg . remy addict ? frank probably . and get this -- two overdue . snitch track she to the metal graveyard south of broxton . remy nod , tuck the sheet under he arm , and head out . frank ( cont ’d ) ( call out ) faster the better . twenty percent commission if you get it here by tomorrow . int . remy 's car - night remy speed through the night , window down . remy ( v.o. ) I do not take a long look at the file . maybe it be the rush job . maybe deep down I know . ext . destroyed build - night twenty storey of metal and glass reduce to a ten-foot - high mass of rubble . remy hop a shaky chain - link fence and enter the off-limit area . shadows move all around he . remy ( v.o. ) the metal graveyard . no one go down there after the earthquake . no one who matter . remy lift he scanner -- pinging the darkness -- whoop ! whoop ! Fifteen different artiforg , all flash red , fill the screen . 39 . remy find a open in the rubble and pick he way in . int . destroyed build - night remy 's flashlight play over the tight nook and pathway deep inside the rubble . there 's a entire underground world down here ; homeless folk scatter as remy pass by . he 's tracking a signal , get closer . in the distance , a soft , almost sweet song sing out . it grow louder . int . cavern - destroyed build - night a open - air space amid all the rubble . a group of cellar - dweller have set up camp here , but as soon as remy enter , they scatter in every direction , disappear into the wall . except for one sad creature . gaunt , wear out , sit in she own filth , sing a soft lullaby to no one in particular . woman ( sing ) sleep baby sleep / you father tend the sheep ... remy lift he scanner -- it whoops back hard . this be it . remy ma ’‘am ? ma ' be ? he approach ; she hair be in she face . remy kneel down . remy ( cont ’d ) I be here from the credit Union . I have get a job to do . she stop sing . lift she head to look at he -- it 's Beth . remy 's eye open wide -- he lean in , amaze -- frantically flip through he file -- there it be , the name , the picture , all that thing he pay no attention to beth ( sing again ) you mother shake the dreamland tree / and from it fall sweet dream for thee ... remy look at I . Beth , look at I -- he grab she cheek , and Beth grin too widely -- 40 . her tooth and gum be stain a sparkling red . to Beth 's leave be a small vial of red powder -- q. she 's a addict . beth ( sing ) sleep baby sleep / sleep baby sleep ... remy come out of it . wake up -- he slap she across the cheek . nothing . she 's too far go . remy sit back , stunne . he blink . not ready to give up . remy ( cont ’d ) tell I you have some money . I know the credit manager , we can set up a plan -- beth my ... husband . he ... have money . remy good . good , you get marry again . what 's he name ? she start to close she eye again , but remy 's on top of she , slapping she awake . do not want to go through with this -- remy ( cont ’d ) goddammit , Beth , give I a name ! beth he 's in ... the war . remy the war ? what war ? beth the war . the ... army . remy we be not at war . tell I he name -- beth he ... he 's drive a ... a tank . he send I letter . Long , beautiful letter . from ... Africa . Beth drop she head back , smile . in she own world . beth ( cont ’d ) they have giraffe in Africa ... remy slump against the wall next to she dnd stare off into the darkness . eventually , Beth start to sing again . 41 . beth ( cont ’d ) sleep baby sleep / we cottage vale be deep / the little lamb be on the green / with snowy fleece so soft and clean / sleep baby sleep / sleep baby sleep ... CUT to : int . remy and carol 's house - night the door fly open . remy carry a barely conscious Beth over he shoulder , struggle into the live room . remy ( v.o . ) it may have be a decade late , but I finally get to carry my bride over the threshold . Carol approach from the live room , stare at remy with this skank - out hooker sling over he shoulder . carol what the hell be you do ? remy this be Beth . my ex-wife . ( beat ) do I ever tell you I be marry before ? Peter enter , wide - eye . Beth vomit onto the carpet . peter cool . can we keep she ? Carol 's just about to explode with rage -- ext . seedy motel - night Broken flash neon sign and all . just disgusting . remy carry Beth through the parking lot . int . seedy motel - lobby - night Beth still sling over he shoulder , remy pay the motel manager in cash , count out the bill . int . motel room - night Beth sleep fitfully on the bed . remy sit near she , watch she sleep . int . credit union - back office - day Jake and Frank stare up at the big board . remy approach . frank there he be . Home run hitter . 42 . remy hand Frank the pink assignment slip and Beth 's folder . remy I could not find she . Jake be shocked -- and a bit suspicious . jake you . could not find she . remy shrug and walk off . Jake and Frank share a look . int . motel room - day remy stir a pot of food atop a portable stove . Beth lay on the moldy carpet , fetal , battle the shiver of withdrawal . remy ( v.o. ) for the next month , I have a new job : babysit Beth . remy.kneels beside Beth . try to spoon soup into she mouth . she fight he off weakly , spitting up she lunch . remy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) jittery , strung - out , barely coherent hooker do not make great company . int . remy and carol 's house - night remy sit at the table alone , eat a bowl of soup . Carol walk by in silence and drop a stack of bill on the table . remy ( v.o. ) but sometimes they be better than the alternative . remy flip through the envelope , several of they emblazon with the Union insignia . int . seedy motel - night remy lean against the grungy bathroom sink while Beth be in the shower . remy ( v.o. ) when I be with Beth , real life do not seem to bother I too much . remy peek over the top of the shower curtain . remy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but there be still bill to pay . and artiforg to repossess . 43 . ext . alley - night remy , kneel over a unconscious woman in a miniskirt . her shirt be rip ; he scalpel hover over she midsection . the woman go back she stir . the woman horror at who wave petrify remy just remy ( v.o. ) I see a interview with a serial killer once . he say that it take he fifteen year to work up to that first kill . begin to stir . remy tasers she . she drop . remy to hover that scalpel . can not close the deal . remy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but the second one only take six month . the third , a week . once that dam break , it be a flood . remy tasers she again . can not decide . remy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Beth be the first client I ever let go . from there , it just get easier . wake , stumbling to she foot . she stare in remy -- she away . he can not even look at she . woman thank you ... thank you ... but grateful , she run off into the darkness . stare at the ground . int . motel room - night Beth be sprawle out on the bed . there be dark circle under she eye . remy bring she a cup of coffee . almost tenderly : remy hey . how you feel ? beth ever be eat and then shit out by a elephant ? remy not recently . beth feel kinda like that . remy wait ' till you try my coffee . Works wonder . 44 , Beth smile weakly . her gaze fall on remy 's toolbelt , then move to he Union tattoo -- then she look away . afraid ? nervous ? remy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I know what she want to ask I , even though she have never say it . she have want to know how a sweet , innocent kid from the suburb could turn into aman like ... well , like I . flash back to : int . montego BAY bar - night remy and Jake , barely in they 20' and the only white guy in the place , nurse they Red stripe . remy ( v.o. ) I do not know how it happen . I just know it do . remy finish he beer and toss it into a pile of empty . remy : ( cont 'd ) I be so fuck bored of relax . jake hush you mouth , mon . remy what be I , retire ? I do not golf . I do not fish . fuck the military pension , I want to do something . jake I can not see you run around with the shirt and tie crowd . remy running gver they , maybe ... ina tank . remy and Jake press thumb . jake you know , I hate to say this , cause it be war and all , but ... I kind of miss it . remy I miss it , too . jake I miss the rush . remy I miss the structure . 45 . jake I miss the kill . Jake shrug , almost apologetically . int . bar bathroom - night remy and Jake , pissing side - by-side at the urinal . tack to the wall directly in front of they : a flyer : learn a Trade , join the Union , fulfill you destiny ! remy ( v.o . ) it all make perfect sense . join the Union could give we everything back : the rush . the structure . the kill . int . recruitment CENTER - credit union office - day a young Frank put the hard sell on remy and Jake . remy ( v.o. ) the recruiter tell we we be defend America 's medical establishment . the war do not have to end -- it would just change venue . int . equipment dock - union office - day remy and Jake be issue standard Union duffel . they rifle through , check out the taser , the scanner , the scalpel . remy ( v.o. ) we military training make we uniquely qualified . we be already familiar with the tool of the trade . remy hit Jake with a taser . Jake go down . shake it off . come at remy with a scalpel . two friend , have fun . remy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) most importantly , we have be teach to kill people and not care all that much . int . tattoo station - union office - day remy and Jake share a satisfied grin as the black circle tat be burn into they skin . the tattoo artist recite he program line as he finish . tattoo artist this tattoo be property of the Union . if you decide to leave the Union , the tattoo will be reclaim by the Union . if you be discharge from the Union , the tattoo will be reclaim by the Union . ( more ) 46 . tattoo artist ( cont 'd ) if you be ever kill while work for the Union , the tattoo will be reclaim by the Union . jake what do you do , cut off the skin and mount it on a plaque ? tattoo artist that 's exactly what we do . jake Jesus Christ , I be kid . tattoo man finish up and start to walk away . remy look down at he arm . there 's just a black sphere . remy hey , where 's the lightning ? tattoo guy turn back around . tattoo you gotta earn that . come back in after you finish you first job . ext . suburban house - night remy cut through a window with a pencil laser . he snap out a section of glass , then reach in and unlock the door . he look back over he shoulder as he nervously head inside . remy ( v.o. ) when I break into that first house , I feel like a kid , do a stupid prank . hold on the outside of the darken house . the picture of suburban tranquility . after several beat of silence , a scream pierce the air . remy emerge from the house carry a lacquer box , grin like a kid who 's get laid for the first time . remy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but when I come out , the game be over . I be a official member of the credit Union . int . tattoo station - union office - night tattoo man adorn remy 's tattoo with a single , holographic lightning bolt hover above the black circle , pierce it . remy ( v.o. ) biomedical repossession division . level one . back to : 47 . int . motel room - day remy ( v.o. ) but Beth do not need to know that . all she need to know be : beth why be you do this for I ? remy why not ? beth come on . we both know the marriage thing be a joke . you could not love I . you never even know I . remy scratch the scar run down he chest . remy maybe I know you better than you think . Beth hold remy 's gaze , until he turn away . int . motel hallway - day remy stand at the ice machine , fill up a bucket . a seedy man approach . his crappy brass name tag say manager . motel manager y'all have a nice stay ? remy it 's fine . motel manager noticed you gal . get a lotta scar . remy accident happen . motel manager I be just think , a Union man like yourself could probably get in a heap of trouble keep girl with overdue ' forg alive , hole up in shitty motel room . remy get it . he pull out he wallet and shove a few twenty at the guy . remy send a may once in a while , you room will not be so shitty . 48 . motel manager pleasure do business with you . int . remy and carol be house - hallway - night remy stand outside Peter 's room , about to go in -- carol he 's sleep . remy I just want someone to talk to around here . carol not on a school night . Carol walk off . remy ( v.o. ) I guess I should not have be surprised that my marriage have turn to shit . it 's not like we start out all lovey - dovey . flash back to : carol hit remy , hard , right in the face . carol do not you fuck touch she . int . nursing home - day remy 's in full repo gear , black - on -black . remy ( v.o . ) it should have be the easiest repo job in record history . some blue hair have wear out she welcome on a hexa - Tan liver . but Carol be ... resistant . a young Carol have on she nurse 's uniform , guard the room of a elderly patient . remy ( cont ’d ) look , lady -- if they bury she with a unpaid liver , the Union 's gonna put a lien on the last will and testament and exhume the body . I be do the family a favor here , so back off . remy 's inch from she face , try to intimidate . but Carol do not back down . 49 . carol do not . you. Fucking . touch . her . remy can not help but grin . this be he kind of woman . remy ( v.o. ) gotta admit -- the gal have spunk . back to scene remy 's come to a decision . he walk down the hall into : int . remy and carol be house - kitchen - night Carol do the dish . no spunk leave any more . he walk up to the sink ; she do not look at he . remy ( cont ’d ) I be go . carol okay . remy no. I be go . now she turn . accept it , know it be go to happen . carol what do you want I to tell Peter ? remy I 'il tell he myself . int . peter 's room - night Peter sleep in he bed , a handheld video game in he grasp . remy stand in the doorway , stare at he son . remy ( quietly ) eventually . remy back out of the room without waking he . int . remy and carol be house - night remy lug he life 's possession past he old bedroom , Carol sound asleep in the background . remy ( v.o. ) I would like to say I leave to keep Carol from have to take on my financial burden . int . peter 's room - night Peter stir awake . rub he eye , look out the window -- 50 . as he dad load up he car and pull out . remy ( v.o . ) or so the boy do not have to watch he dad 's heart get rip out ... ext . motel - night remy pull he car up to the curb and look in through a window where Beth lie on the bed , watch t.v. remy ( v.o. ) but it be something else that draw I away . remy recline he car seat and pull a jacket over he for warmth . he 's go to sleep out in the car tonight . dissolve to : int . motel room - morning remy enter , waking Beth , who stretch , happy to see he . remy open the plastic bag and take out some item , lining they up on the night stand . remy peanut butter -- the crunchy kind , like you like , soft toothbrush , strawberry toaster strudel , and mint shampoo . beth oh . I do not really like mint shampoo . remy shampoo 's for I . she look at he askance -- he 's never take a shower there before . he motion out the window -- where he car , with all he stuff , sit . Beth realize he 's move in , and can not help the smile that come to she face . ext . motel - day as Beth help remy lug he possession into they room . remy ( v.o. ) my live situation be one thing . my work situation be another . no repo mean no cash , which mean no payment to the Union , which mean no future . F 51 . int . motel room - night Beth stir noodle in a pot , cooking they meager dinner . remy sit at a table nearby , pinging Beth with he scanner , check the serial number of she ' forg against a computer print out . beth so what happen if somebody catch you at the computer ? remy enter falsify return , grounds for immediate dismissal . beth I do not want you to lose you job . remy also a class one felony -- grand theft artiforg , 20 year to life . beth jesus. remy do not worry . I have get a foolproof plan . beth what be it ? remy do not get catch . beth good plan . remy smile . Beth stir the noodle , think . then ... beth ( cont 'd ) you know , I could go back to work . remy right . beth why not ? a : remy do you have any idea how much you owe ? beth so ? 52 . remy do you have any idea how bad you look ? Beth throw a noodle at he ; remy duck it . beth be nice . I be you wife . remy ex -wife . and this be as nice as I get . the scanner whoops it up again ; yet another readout from Beth 's overdue body . remy ( cont 'd ) do you even know how many ' forg you have get in there ? beth let 's see ... liver , pancreas , kidney , stomach , and lung from the cancer . as upgrade , I have get eye , ear , voice box , tit -- remy Jesus ... beth hey , it 's a tough gig out there . hooker down the street show up with glow - in- the-dark vulva , you can bet every girl in the district 's gonna have a new neon hoochie inside a week . remy you be shittin’ I . I have never even hear of that . beth wanna see ? Beth move towards he . beth ( cont 'd ) Jackson reproductive replacement system , release five-point-three . she straddle remy ; he barely protest . she unbutton she shirt , place remy 's hand on she bare belly . beth ( cont 'd ) it 's right behind my kenton stomach es / 18 . Lady mystique model . come in six sparkling color . remy which one do you choose ? 53. Beth move remy 's arm further down she body -- beth shock ... pink ... remy and you hip ... remy slide he hand down she hip , move they across she waist , she leg -- beth flexor durajoint ... million step warranty ... now remy 's clothes be come off , too -- beth ( cont 'd ) you have not ask I about my lip ... remy ( feeble protest ) come on . I be marry . beth yeah . to I . remy I guess I never sign any divorce papers . beth I neither . and then Beth pull remy into a hard kiss as they move into one another -- naked now , free -- the artiforg printout fall to either side as remy throw Beth down on the table , they body thrust desperately ... dissolve to : int . motel room - morning remy wake up beside a naked Beth . tries to sneak out of bed , but she wake ... beth last time , that cost you a hundred buck . remy and now ? Beth think for a beat . beth free . 54 . remy how ' bout that . beth I be a shitty business woman . int . credit union artiforg locker - night remy sneak through pile of lacquer box , each one a artiforg that 's be return to the Union . remy ( v.o. ) a mortgage . Motel rent . a manager who want double or he have snitch . and that damn jarvik , tick away inside my chest . he grab a lacquer box , open it , and take out the metallic organ within . he begin rasp away the serial number with a metal file . remy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it all take cash , and I do not have the gut anymore . but I could make it seem like I do . remy at the computer type fast , key in the serial number from a pink slip . glancing around nervously . remy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Beth have fifteen outstanding account , so I find fifteen replacement part . I actually get the computer to buy my story . my foolproof plan , put into action . int . back room - night remy sneak by a sleep guard , then turn -- remy ( v.o. ) except for the part about not get catch . Jake be there . he 's see everything . jake hey . remy hey . they stare at each other ; neither know what to say . Jake lean against the credit Union sphere - and - bolt statue . when it finally begin , they conversation be as casual as ever . a 4 55 . jake my uncle be a bank robber . I ever tell you that ? remy uncle Joe ? jake Nah , my mom 's brother , Lou . make a whole mess of the West Coast , knockin’ over savings and loan . remy no shit . jake and the man be good at it -- nobody know a damn thing . most day , he wake up and go to work at the auto shop , but every so often he have skip out for lunch and pull on a ski mask . Fifteen year he do this . and then one day , he forget to wear glove , and they pull a print from some bullshit drunk and disorderly twenty year back . a day later , the cop be knock on he door . remy lemme guess -- he be relieved . jake no , he be fuck piss . ( beat ; softer ) but he just be not that guy anymore . he be off he game , and he know it . remy maybe it be a bless . jake maybe . they stare at each other , understanding each other perfectly . remy what be I suppose to do for money ? I can not do anything else . jake it have be the same for I . remy then what ? jake you find a way . talk to Frank about the sale thing . make Carol happy . 56 . remy and if I suck at it ? jake do something else . but you gotta keep that payment come . soon as you fall behind , that 's Day one . remy and six month later ... jake we put a guy on you . remy stare off , the reality hit he hard . he see Raymond Pearl walk off with a fresh pink sheet . remy probably Ray . jake or I . job 's a job . remy job 's a job . remy turn to leave . his fate be set . then turn back -- remy ( cont 'd ) where be he now ? jake who ? remy uncle Lou . jake you know that erotic cake shop up on eighth street ? that 's he . remy be he happy ? jake he make pornographic dessert for a live . you tell I . Jake and remy share one last grin . ext . mall - night remy shuffles away from the mall , only a few parking lot halogen lighting he lonely path . int . credit union - franks office - day remy sit across from a beleaguere look Frank . 57 . remy ( v.o. ) Frank surprised I . he take it better than I expect . Frank erase remy 's name from the big board . then -- throw the eraser at the wall in anger . he 's lose he best guy . int . credit union - front office - day remy , look uncomfortable in suit and tie , sit across from a family of four in a sale booth . remy Mr. timmon , you owe it to you family . you owe it to yourself . the sickly look patriarch nod and take the pen . but before he sign , remy continue ... remy ( cont ’d ) ' course , if you can not pay you bill , some Union guy like I might show up next to you bed , wake you out of a sound sleep and run a scalpel from you collar bone down to you pelvis to reclaim we property . ( beat ) I be just say . the man drop the pen . his wife faint . remy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I be not cut out for sale . int . grocery store - day remy raise a cleaver high into the air . his apron be cover in blood . remy ( v.o. ) but I have to work . so I try something a little more in line with my training . remy slam the cleaver down onto a butcher block -- separate a sirloin steak . remy 's try he hand behind the deli counter . he whacks at a slab of meat , over and over again , juice fly -- the deli customer back away from the counter , horrify . remy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) six month , and I must have try twenty different job . 58 . int . restaurant - night remy , in a embarrassing t.g.i. Friday 's type ensemble deliver several meal to a table full of college guy . one particularly assholish frat guy wave remy over , lift he hamburger bun to show that he food be not cook right . remy ( v.o. ) the customer , they say , be always right . I have never really think about what that mean before . remy take the basket of food and jam it into the guy 's face , knock he over in he chair -- and then wail on he while the stunne frat boy look on . int . motel room - night remy and Beth pack up . clothes . work gear . he gently pack away he scalpel , ether cannister ... look at they fondly . remy ( v.o. ) it 's amazing how fast a hundred and eighty day can go by . Beth put a hand on remy 's arm . beth if you go with I , you be do . remy I be do anyway . ext . STREET - night crappy street . crappy neighborhood . remy and Beth , they bag at they foot , stand outside remy 's car . remy pull out a glass bottle fill with gas , a soak rag in the neck . he light the rag with a match -- and toss the bottle into the front seat of he car . he and Beth walk away , bag in hand , as the fire engulf the car , erase any trace of its existence . ext . tyler STREET HOTEL - night remy and Beth keep they head low as they stick to the shadow along a trash -strewn sidewalk . as they head toward the entrance of this sad excuse for a building , we realize it 's the same burn - out hotel on the same ugly abandon road where we first meet remy . remy welcome to paradise . 59 . int . tyler STREET HOTEL - night remy and Beth scope out the room , try to find a suitable place to hide out . remy ( v.o. ) there be hider , and there be seeker . int . tyler STREET HOTEL - inside foyer - night Beth take the rein , show remy how and where to board up the window , door , set booby trap , etc . remy ( v.o. ) hiding be new to I . but Beth have practice . she reach over and turn off remy 's flashlight . beth rule number one : Natural light only . ext . alley - day as Beth and remy root through a dumpster . remy hold up two piece of fabric , one blue , one red . Beth point to the red . int . room 403 - tyler STREET HOTEL - day and they hang the red fabric over the window . beth curtain ! int . busted - up room - tyler STREET HOTEL - night remy rip open a hole in the wall with a hammer and fluffy pink insulation pop out . Beth grab a handful and shove it into a pillowcase , and remy do likewise . int . room 403 - tyler STREET HOTEL - day the decoration be complete , a woman 's touch amid the debris . candle , a blue tarp for a tablecloth , a steal mattress for a bed . Flowers poke out of crack in the wall . remy lay out weapon : taser , scalpel , shotgun ... ext . alley behind HOTEL - night remy search through pile of break furniture , testing bust chair leg and post for use as potential weapon . as he swing a piece of wood through the air , he notice something beneath a pile . he clear away trash to find : 60 . a old typewriter . he grab it , blow off the dust . test the weight , as if to use it to crush in someone 's head , but then get another idea ... the faint clack of a typewriter send we : int . tyler STREET HOTEL - lobby - night racing through the dilapidate lobby , up the stair , and into ... int . room 416 - tyler STREET HOTEL - night where remy sit at the typewriter , naked , back where we meet he at the very beginning . we be now where we first come in . remy ( v.o . ) but you can only hide for so long before they find you . suddenly , laughter . remy , spook , leap to he foot . shotgun in one hand , pistol suddenly in the other . laughter again . distinct . High -pitch . remy tense -- int . hallway - tyler STREET HOTEL - night remy , shotgun in hand , follow the laughter . come from down the hall -- int . room 438 - tyler STREET HOTEL - night louder now , intersperse with voice . remy press himself against the wall , breathe hard . shotgun out the window -- Children . three little girl , play in the courtyard below . remy relax as the girl pull out a jump - rope and begin chant a song to count out they game : little girl there be a man from troubadour / who get blow up during the War / he do not die , would not concede / how many artiforg do he need ? stomach ! bladder ! pancreas ! eye ! intestine ! heart ! kidney ! liver ... remy shake he head at he own paranoia -- beth ( o0.s . ) if you be go to shoot the kid , aim for the big one . more meat on she . 61 . remy lower the shotgun barrel and turn to find Beth . she toss he clothes at he . remy begin to dress as Beth walk over by the typewriter . beth ( cont 'd ) for a guy who 's so paranoid , you sure make a lot of noise . remy the write help I think . beth what be it ? a book ? Epic poem ? remy it 's a letter . beth to who ? remy Peter . my son . beth I never play you for a dad . remy neither do I . Beth move forward , then stop -- alarmed -- beth somebody 's come . remy what ? beth you do not hear it ? Beth and remy peek out the window , peer down to the street . remy all I hear be that damn kid . down in the courtyard the girl be still jump rope , now sing ... jump rope girl tell it to the mama / tell it to the son / they all be go when the day be do / on come the wrinkle / on come the sneeze / the old man die on he old man knee ... 62 . back at the window Beth grab remy 's ear lobe , twist . he yelp . beth still natural ? I can not believe you have not upgrade this . Beth dig through a nearby crate and fish out a long , thin wire . tiny pad on one end , a metallic jack on the other . beth ( cont 'd ) put this in you ear . remy look down at the tiny pad , watch as Beth insert the metallic jack into she ear cavity . it dig in tight , finally clicking into place . remy vocom make share wire ? beth it 's aftermarket . shut up and listen . remy put the '' earphone '' into he ear to share Beth 's amplify hearing . suddenly , bis world come alive with sound . past the girl 's sing . past the traffic . find a barking dog in the distance . a argue couple , ignore the quiet cry of the baby in the next room . remy ( incredibly loud ) what be I -- remy and Beth both cringe at he overly amplify voice . Beth scold he with she eye , show he the small wheel control in the skin behind she ear that she continue to amplify , screen out the ambience . focus . wing flap . footstep . and finally , the familiar ping ! ping ! of a official union-issue scanner . remy yank the wire out of both of they ear . remy ( cont ’d ) get away from the window . ext . STREET - day Raymond Pearl reach into he duffel , extract a taser , a scalpel , and a enormous gun . clearly not Union issue . int . room 403 - tyler STREET HOTEL - day beth who be that ? 63. remy Ray Pearl . psychopath with a Union scalpel . beth ( grab remy 's gun ) I have get something for he . remy he 's not here for you . ext . tyler STREET HOTEL - day gun in hand , Raymond stride right past the jump rope girl . they continue they chant , the rhythm grow faster ... int . room 403 - tyler STREET HOTEL - day tension mount as remy and Beth run short on time . beth there 's the back fire escape -- remy no . I have something better . follow I . as Beth follow remy towards the hall ... int . stairwell - tyler STREET HOTEL - day Raymond 's boot kick up dust as he mount the stair , he scanner hone in . ping - ping - ping - ext . tyler STREET HOTEL - day on the jump rope girl 's foot , skip impossibly fast . jump rope girl the old man die on he old man knee ! int . hallway - 5 th floor - tyler STREET HOTEL - day Raymond kick a door off its remain hinge . the room be char out . a blue tarp sit on the otherwise rotted floor . remy sit on the far side of the room , type . raymond pathetic . I can not believe you be a level five . remy look up . mock surprise . remy they send the ear guy after I ? that hurt . 64 . raymond you be a funny guy . I x11 laugh at that when I get you heart in my hand . remy ( seductively ) ooh . come here , sweet talker . raymond it 's gonna be a pleasure rippin’ off that tattoo . remy stand for a fight . Raymond bull rush . and just as he trounce across the middle of the blue tarp ... the burned out floor give way Wood splintering , crack -- Raymond plunging downward . remy look up at Beth , who be hide behind the door . they share a smile ... until the rest of the floor continue to crumble . Beth back up against the wall -- the floor crack towards she -- remy leaping -- but she 's swallow up -- remy watch in horror as Beth plunge two storey down , a loud crack as she hit the floor near Raymond . remy bolt . int . room 314 - tyler STREET HOTEL - day Beth lay amid a ton of debris , barely conscious , clutching she badly twisted knee . she spot remy 's gun on the floor nearby . reaches -- strain -- Raymond drag himself along the floor , batter and bloody , but still move forward . he grab the gun , look up -- raymond you will do . a sick smile cross he lip -- he pull the trigger -- a foot stomp Raymond 's hand back down , pin the gun to the floor . the shot go wild . Raymond look up to see remy stand over he , pump the saw - off shotgun ... ext . tyler STREET HOTEL - day a terrifying blast freak out the jump rope girl . as they sprint off , leave they jump rope behind ... . 65 . int . hallway - tyler STREET HOTEL - night remy carry a unconscious Beth toward they room . she emit a small groan , eyelid flutter . remy ( soft , almost tender ) hey , there . you be back with we . Beth 's hand rifle upward , clamping hard around remy 's throat . they both fall to the floor . remy ( cont 'd ) ( choke ) Beth -- it 's I -- Beth 's eye flutter open . she realize it 's remy and quickly release he . remy cough -- remy ( cont ’d ) Jesus Christ -- beth sorry . you live on the street long enough ... she brushes herself off and try to stand -- nearly fall again . her artiforg knee be a mess . remy let I carry you . beth I have get it . Beth try to take a few more step , but limp horribly . remy come on , you be leak hydraulic fluid all over . beth . I can fix it myself . she sit on the floor and tear open she pants , expose she open wound . her metallic kneecap glint in the moonlight , the artiforg metal puncture she natural flesh . reaching into she bra , Beth pull out a small package of tool -- screwdriver , hammer , miniature solder iron . she fiddle with the artiforg , wince from the pain . remy ( stare at she knee ) you know how quick I could pluck that dura-joint right outta you leg ? ' I 66 . beth ( grunt through pain ) would not -- really -- help we . remy under 12 second . Beth stop what she 's do and look at remy , then twist away at something metal in she leg . it click . beth I think I get it . help I up . remy pull Beth to she foot . her limp 's not so bad now , but she 's clearly in pain . beth ( cont ’d ) it all hold . remy we can not rest , we have to go . they find I faster than I think . beth you think there 's 11l be more of they ? remy once they be on you , they do not stop . beth so what do we do ? ext . mall - day the mall , as usual , be abuzz with activity . remy slink down a side street and into a alley . ext . alley behind mall - day Larry the lung step out into the alley and , with a grunt , remove the top half of he costume . he 's just a teenager . the half - dress lung pull out a cigarette and light up . remy ( o.s. ) Hell of a example you be set . larry the lung ' hey , pal , I be on a break -- remy step out , and Larry 's eye go wide -- larry the lung ( cont ’d ) Sir , I do not -- I mean -- remy I get a thirty - four waist . you ? 67 . larry the lung th -- thirty . remy Fucking metabolism ... a swift elbow to Larry 's head , and the kid crash to the ground . remy stomp out the cigarette still in Larry 's mouth . int . mall - outside credit union - day crowd , as usual . customer wait in line outside the Union . Larry the lung , in full costume , walk toward the Union ; customer wave and smile at he , and he wave back . remy 's Pov - inside the costume there 's little room to maneuver . remy peer out through two hide mesh eyehole , try to keep up the act . he walk down the line of ail . customer -- heavyset man ( 0.s. ) hey ! hey , Larry ! remy be spun around by a heavyset man hold a cough dog . heavyset man ( cont 'd ) you think we could get a picture ? the guy throw a arm around remy , lift the die pooch into he face as he wife take a snapshot . he sing - song : heavyset man ( cont ’d ) we be gonna get muffin here a new widdle biddie heart , be not we ? yes we be ! top of the line ! yes we be ! remy extricate himself and head for the Union door . as usual , two guard man the metal detector . remy do he best to wave at they -- they wave back -- he walk through -- alarm blare . remy instinctively keep walk -- but armed guard swarm out of every crevice like roach with the light turn off . customer start to shout -- remy spin -- more guard -- turn back to run out -- even more -- he 's trap -- 68 . but the guard and alarm be not for he . they're . surround a freaked - out man in a white shirt , he voice high , craze . freaked -out man be this the return line ? somebody tell I , where 's the return line ? the guard tighten the circle . freaked -out man ( cont ’d ) I be here to -- I miss a few payment , but -- but I think rather than make you guy come out -- raising he scanner , the lead guard ping the customer . guard # 1 ( into radio ) we have get a eight month past due pancreas out here . the man unbutton he shirt . freaked -out man I do not want to make it difficult . I know how hard it be , try to keep a profit margin -- ' cause you have to pay the -- the repo Men -- guard # 1 Sir , just calm down and you can come inside , talk to a credit supervisor . but the guy 's too far go to talk anything out . freaked - out man so I think maybe -- maybe if I do it for you -- you have gimme a break -- he take off he pants , toss they on the mall floor , and in the process , he 's pull out a 9 - inch knife -- the guard raise they rifle -- the crowd cower -- the man raise the knife high -- and stab it into he own stomach . everyone stop , transfix , as he pull the knife back and forth , commit fully to this odd hari-kari -- then , raise he free arm high , like a salute -- he plunge he hand into the wound . grunting softly , he expression barely change , he tug at something . hard . he stumble forward -- a new scream from the crowd -- and then backwards , still tug , still search -- 69 . and with he final ounce of strength , he yank mightily -- ripping out he artificial pancreas . he hold it in the air , the cord and tissue and blood drip to the floor -- and then collapse in a heap outside the credit Union door . Chaos ensue . confuse guard start shoot the dead man 's body -- customer scream -- as Frank angrily rush into the mall . he glance at the carnage and pick up the pancreas . frank who reclaim this organ ? who reclaim this goddamn organ ??? guard # 1 the customer , sir . he do it himself . frank credit Union client do not reclaim they own organ . guard # 1 yes , sir . this one do , sir . Frank stand in the doorway , look at the bloody mess . shake he head . disgust . frank customer . do not know they goddamn place anymore . we move with a piss - off Frank back into : int . credit union - hallway - continuous as all the worried client file out of the sale cubicle , try to figure out what the commotion be . frank nothing to worry about , folk . just a little misunderstanding . free coffee in the cubicle . Frank push past the crowd , move into : int . franks office - continuous walk to he desk -- still steaming -- when the door slam behind he . he turn -- and be suddenly on he knee , force into a headlock . he look up -- 70 . remy stand over he , he bottom half still dress in the Larry the lung costume . remy afternoon , boss . with a single move , remy fling Frank into he office chair . remy pull a pistol on he with he leave hand -- and with he right , he slap a patch of skin , bear Ray 's Union tattoo , onto the desk . still bloody . remy ( cont 'd ) that 's what 's 1ll happen to the next one you send . and the one after that . I can guarantee you will run out of repo Men before I run out of way to kill they . Frank stare at remy . at the gun point in he face . frank can I say something ? remy it 's you office . frank how long before you slip up ? remy that 's the $ 800,000 question . give or take . frank and the girl ? remy you come after she , you come after I . Frank nod -- he understand . frank shoulda take the job as the lung . you look good in that costume . remy itches like a motherfucker . frank yeah , that 's what the kid say , too . ( beat ) ( more ) 71 . frank ( cont 'd ) I do not suppose you 'il wanna stick around for a exit interview ? remy smile a bit at that -- shake he head -- then tasers Frank into unconsciousness . remy haul the top half of the Larry the lung costume back on . time to head back out . int . tyler STREET HOTEL - stairwell - day remy , out of costume now but still flush with adrenaline , bound up the stair , a bag under he arm -- int . room 416 - tyler STREET HOTEL - continuous and into the hotel room . Beth sit at the far end of the room , a odd , strain look on she face . remy you knight in bulletproof armor just buy we some more time . plus , stop at the store and lift some of that artichoke heart you want - but Beth 's expression do not change . she look ... scared ? remy ( cont 'd ) what ? jake ( 0.s. ) you ex - wife 's quite the hostess . served I coffee and everything . remy freeze . he know that voice . jake sit behind he , at the other end of the room . the jig be pretty much officially up . remy ( v.o. ) that 's the thing with I and Jake : somehow , no matter where we be , he always end up right behind I . flashback : int . tank hangar - day a drill sergeant lead a young remy , Jake , and a gang of eager soldier down a long hallway . drill sergeant you tank boy will be training inside this hangar . ( more ) 72 . drill sergeant ( cont 'd ) it be where you will eat , where you will shit , and where you will sleep , because once you be in the desert , that tank will be you home . you will only be allow outside into the real world once you have prove that you will not fuck it up . they come to a stop inside a hangar , where tank sit side - by-side , evenly space . the drill sergeant hand out number . remy get number 2 ; Jake have number 8 . drill sergeant ( cont ’d ) you will be assign to tank base on number , because you name no longer matter . in the heat of battle , I do not want you meager mind tax by the difficulty of remember you name . he look down at he clipboard : drill sergeant ( cont 'd ) number one and number five , take you tank . do not touch anything . the two soldier salute and run toward a tank , scramble up top to drop down inside . he walk along , assign more - tig number four and ten , take you tank . do not touch anything . six and nine , take you tank . do not touch anything . two and eight , take you tank -- remy and Jake start to run -- boom -- a explosion behind they -- soldier # 5 be launch upwards out of he tank at 100 mph -- slamming into the ceiling of the hangar -- and fall , thudding to the ground at remy 's foot , still strapped into a ejection seat . he 's quite dead . a moment later , he parachute open near the top of the hangar and flutter down next to he body . the sergeant take one look at the body on the floor . drill sergeant do not - touch - anything . int . tank - day remy sit in a control chair -- like the one in the concussion test -- at the front of this high - tech tank , twist and turn as he try to get comfy . 73 . Jake sit behind he in the gunner 's chair . remy ( v.o. ) I in front , Jake right behind . that 's how it always work . back to : int . room 416 - tyler STREET HOTEL - day jake Carol never serve I coffee . Jake 's get he taser out , but he 's not point it at anyone . yet . remy could not make a move if he want to . and though they conversation be casual , it 's strain . tense -- remy Beth do a lot of thing Carol do not do . ( beat ) I be just at the office . musta miss you . jake actually , I be on a new assignment . remy oh yeah ? who 's the client ? jake just some asshole I spend half my life with . here 's the thing , though : I get this smokin’ chick come over tonight . remy no shit . jake and she 's easy -- remy just you type . jake I would hate to leave she wait for I . maybe it have be better if I do not start hunt this guy down till tomorrow morning . : remy 's eye narrow -- be Jake give he a out ? remy sure . get a good night 's sleep . 74 . jake only ... the thing that worry I be what happen if this fucker find a way out of the country before nine a.m. tomorrow ? you know I be a 48 state kinda guy . I do not do South America . remy then I guess ... he have be clear ? jake I guess so . if he could get out . remy which he could not . jake no. never happen . Jake stand , brushes off he pants . go to the door . remy hey -- Jake turn . remy start to speak , then stop . instead of whatever he be go to say , he just say : remy ( cont ’d ) see you later . jake try not to . and Jake 's out the door . int . airport terminal - security check - night Long line snake around the airport terminal as passengers wait to pass through metal and weapon detector -- as well as walk - through artiforg scanner . a bored - look repo man sit next to one of they . he wave a businessman to walk through -- a green wave of light wash over the businessman 's body -- as a artificial liver appear inside he body , as if glow from within . it 's just a projection , a hologram - type image place onto he frame , but it clearly show he artiforg . a ping sound out , and a bulb above he turn green . he walk through . the repo man wave the next passenger in , and we move back through the line to find remy and Beth , wait they turn . blood from Beth 's knee wound still seep through a bandage . 75 . beth so he 's just let we go ? remy Jake do not let anybody go . he 's give we a head start , that 's all . what we do with it be up to we . beth but nobody ever get through the airport . I do not like this . remy I be not in love with it , either . just try and hide that limp . remy check the area , then swiftly walk to the front of the line , lift he sleeve so the passenger see he tattoo . they do not come near he . he approach the bored repo man -- who perk up , eye open wide -- he recognize remy -- remy grab he and pull he to the side , speak quickly . remy ( cont ’d ) look -- I know you know what 's go on , and I know what kind of commission 's in it for you . what I do not know be how many other Union guy you have get in shouting distance , but I have lay short odd they 's 11 get here long after my scalpel 's stick in you throat . ( beat ) now : will you help I ? airport repo man yeah . Christ , man , of course , for you remy good choice . see the little lady in line ? she 's with I . when we go through , all you have to do be shut down the scanner . once we be past , power it back up again . two second , top . get it ? the repo man nod . remy 's back to all smile as he step in line next to Beth . . remy ( cont ’d ) it 's take care of . beth what do I do ? remy just walk . 76 . indeed , when they get to the walk - through scanner the repo man flick a switch . remy and beth hustle on through and the repo man flick the system back on . just that fast . the light be back on , more passenger be stream through , and all seem just like it be before . remy and Beth walk away , down toward the gate . beth that be easy . let 's do it again ! she playfully turn around , and remy grab she waist and spin she back . no time for game yet . int . airport gate - night remy and Beth sit on uncomfortable plastic chair , wait for they flight to board . the gate sign read sao paolo , boarding 8:35 . remy , tense , check he watch -- remyn watch read 8:30 beth what do we do once we get there ? remy we will talk about it in the air . beth but -- remy in the air . remy scan the crowd -- passenger go by , everything seem normal -- but something 's odd . he stand , look around -- out of the corner of he eye , he notice three repo men burn down a stairway , head for they terminal . 77 . remy grab Beth , run behind the gate counter . the gate attendant look down -- gate attendant Excuse I , this be for airport per -- remy tasers the guy , and he fall , hard . he turn to Beth -- and grab she knee . she wince -- beth what the hell be you do ? remy I be sorry . this be go to hurt . a lot . before she can respond , remy brace she leg with he knee , lock she in place -- and whip out a scalpel , go for she knee . we move away -- as Beth clamp she lip tight , suppress a scream . remy work as fast as he can . just as he say , he 's a expert - second later , he hold up she overdue artiforg kneecap . remy ( cont 'd ) wait here . it 's not as if Beth have a choice -- she 's pass out . remy pop up from behind the counter and practically jog up . to the : airport repo man who look back and forth -- from remy to the approach repo Men hustling down to the terminal . he 's petrify -- airport repo man c’mon , man , it 's what you would have do -- remy you be right . with incredible force , remy jab a edge of the artificial kneecap between the repo man 's shoulder blade . he grunt -- as remy step away , up to the approach Union Men , and point out the repo man , frantically bat at he back . remy ( cont ’d ) there he be . easy commission . the three Union Men , act on impulse , ping the Airport repo man -- a 78 . there scanner all come back the same : dura - joint kneecap replacement -- past due airport repo man wait -- I be not -- they taser fly , and passenger scream . Chaos erupt in the terminal . remy collect Beth , throw she over he shoulder , and disappear into the frighten crowd ... dissolve to : ext . alley - night hiding behind a dumpster . remy watch over Beth , who 's beginning to wake , slowly . she 's get a tourniquet around she leg , but it 's ugly . beth do we ... make it ? remy yeah . we make it . welcome to South America . Beth 's eye flutter open . she see the alley . they close again in defeat . beth fuck you . remy you need a new kneecap . beth great . let 's go down to the credit Union . maybe we ’1ll get a discount if they kill we both at the same time . remy let out a heavy sigh -- there 's no good plan . beth ( cont 'd ) I know somebody who can help . remy we can not trust anyone . there 's a reward out -- beth asbury 's clean . he 's outside the Union . remy stop short -- anger , almost anguish on he face . 79 . remy Jesus , Beth , you wanna go to a 2 ? lemme tell you something about that vermin : flash back to : int . apartment build - night remy kneel over a unconscious host . he pluck the liver clean , box it , then leave a yellow receipt on the body . he leave the apartment , shutting the light off behind he . remy ( v.o. ) that sleazy motherfucker take food off my table for year . Black market , aftermarket , whatever you wanna call it , they be vulture , plain and simple . after several beat of darkness , the door reopen and a flashlight pierce the darkness . a rail thin , beady eye outsider sleazoid slink into the house . approach the fall body , then set to work , flashlight in mouth , pluck out the remain artiforg , toss they in a sack . remy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) a Union man take what 's overdue . outsider scavenge the rest . back to scene ext . alley - day remy back away from Beth . he 's make a stand . remy outsider be the plague . I be not go . no fuckin’ way . beth so you be gonna ... what ? knit I a kneecap ? standoff . ext . loft - warehouse district - day a cab pull to the curb and remy pull Beth out , hoist she over he shoulder . int . loft hallway - warehouse district - day Beth , lean heavily on remy , knock on the outsider 's door . no answer . remy pound hard on the door -- nothing . Beth press against the low ceiling . 80 . beth he use to leave I a key up here ... remy how well do you know this asshole ? Beth just smile . remy 's eye narrow . rumble . down the hall . it 's a freight elevator . we hear a ding -- the shoosh of door open -- then a creak , creak - remy tense , pull he gun -- edging in front of Beth -- a leg slide into view -- only it 's horizontal and three foot off the ground . then another leg -- and a shopping cart -- with a dead body inside . push it along be asbury , the outsider . Big ol 's for , nose ring , dark shade -- the lenny kravitz look be still hip . beth asbury . asbury Little miss muffet . asbury embrace Beth . remy okay , sorority party 's over . can we get inside ? asbury check out remy , scoping he up and down . asbury why would you drag I a U -man , baby ? beth he 's a friend . sort of -- asbury pull up remy 's sleeve -- there 's the Union tattoo . remy knock he hand away . remy I be not with they anymore . asbury you quit , or you be quitted ? no answer from remy ; he jaw clenches hard . that 's answer enough for asbury ; he grin and unlock he door . asbury : ( cont ’d ) mi casa , viejo . 81 . int . asbury 's loft - day asbury push he cart and dead body inside , remy and Beth follow . chinese screen be set up throughout the loft , separate it into a maze of smaller area . asbury rifle through a wall full of cluttere shelf , fill with cardboard box and rip - off artiforg . asbury think of you when I tweak this . he show Beth a small plastic remote . off remy 's stare : asbury ( cont ’d ) universal remote , U-man . asbury punch a button on the remote -- Beth 's mouth suddenly open -- click -- a strange rewind sound be hear - Beth begin talk , clearly not in control of she voice -- beth he use to leave I a key up here . asbury . he 's a friend . sort of -- asbury grin and punch another button . Beth shut up . asbury vocom auto playback , four hour lapse . a real head - blaster at party . as asbury pull the dead body into he work area , remy take a look around at all the artiforg on the shelf . remy you pay for this ? asbury you payin 's for yours ? remy that 's different -- asbury oh yeah ? I be Robin Hood , U -man . I can lift a valve out some fresh meat , drop that ' forg in a client half - cost , cash . asbury reach into the stomach wound of the dead body and fish around with he bare hand . he pluck out a metallic liver and toss it on the table , then go back for more . remy or he can do it the legal way -- 82 . asbury how 's a vato in the ghetto gonna up - front the Union ? Nah , uptown it 's all about the equity . only equity I care about be hangin’ in you skin . remy ever be out to the desert ? the vulture die when the hunter go home . asbury so that 's how you wanna play it -- beth boy ? Beth lift she pants leg -- the knee look even worse than before . asbury knock off the pissing contest . asbury okay . I be tight with a surgeon gal . she 'il mech up that knee better 'o kenton hisself . asbury rip out the dead man 's eyeball and toss they into a container fill with artiforg eyeball -- they squish -- asbury ( cont ‘d ) whoops . Natural baby there . he scoops the real eye out and 3 - point they into the trash . int . surgeon 's apartment - day Beth lay down on a makeshift operate table in this funky run-down apartment . beth asbury say you be the best mechie around . reveal alva . she have 32 eyebrow ring and purple hair woven into corn row . Green bead at the end of she braid click against each other as she move . alva mechie . I swear , I do not understand what that boy 's say half the time . just call I alva . a seven year old girl scamper into the room , she purple hair also woven into corn row . same eyebrow jewelry . lil 's alva another one , mom ? 83. alva yeah , another one . just let mama work a minute . lil 's alva climb up and have a seat on the counter right next to remy , she leg kick . alva ( cont ’d ) that 's lil 's alva . lil 's alva hey . remy ( uncomfortable ) hi. alva give Beth a injection in the upper arm . alva now , before we start , I need to know about you other artiforg . beth which one ? alva all of they . beth to fix my knee ? alva the interrelationships be all real delicate , so I need brand name , date , everything . Beth take a deep breath , then launch into it ... beth my intestine be the ultracoil p Series with optional rapid flush . liver be a hexa - Tan , it 's a specialty house in Denmark . I get it in Robin 's Egg Blue , my favorite color . not that that matter . my kidney be actually two different model ... ( eyelid close ) one be Union generic . do not hold up so well . so I upgrade the other ... to a top of the line Taihitsu ... ( yawn ) built-in ... ketone monitor ... and ... boom , Beth 's asleep . alva Lord , I think she be gonna go on forever . 84 . remy do not you need to know about she other artiforg ? alva , Nah , that 's just my version of count backwards from one hundred . ( to lil 's alva ) alright , baby . you be up . lil 's alva suddenly jump down off the counter . approach Beth 's still body as the elder alva move away . remy wait , she 's the surgeon ? alva I just do anesthesia this day . Little one 's get a real steady hand . remy she 's like five year old ! alva she 's seven . but she 's be do it since she be four . ai not that right , pumpkin ? lil 's alva shhh ! lil 's alva concentrate as she work the laser into Beth 's knee like a kid play a video game . remy squirm , but hold he tongue . int . asbury 's loft - day asbury hose down the blood from he work station , hum himself a tune . a knock at the door interrupt he . asbury ( call out ) ' lo ? my mechie score you up already ? no answer . asbury drop the hose , head through the chinese screen to investigate . as he arrive in the front hall ... the door swing open to reveal ... Jake . asbury ( cont ’d ) U - man number two . you boy re-gen like the cancer . jake I understand you have see a friend of mine . I need to talk to he . 85 . asbury 's not sure how to handle this request . as Jake step into the apartment ... ext . sidewalk - day remy and Beth walk briskly down the sidewalk , keep they face hide . Beth 's knee be better than new , but she do not seem too happy . beth I can not believe you let raggedy Ann cut on I . and you just stand there -- remy you be walk fine -- beth that 's not the point . you say it feel weird , so you should have step in -- remy I be not the one who send you there . take it up with you outsider friend . int . loft hallway - warehouse district - day Beth and remy approach asbury 's apartment . the front door be open . remy shoot Beth a look . int . asbury 's loft - day the loft look no different , but remy 's on edge . he step in front of Beth and lead she through the chinese screen , a intricate maze of black and red -- asbury be on a sofa , a hole where he stomach use to be . blood stain the floor , the couch . Beth gasp at the sight . Hand over she mouth , near tear , Beth approach she dead friend -- remy let 's get out of here . beth we do not even know what happen -- remy we know enough . Beth kneel by asbury 's side and close he eyelid . there 's a whirr as he artiforg eye shut down -- and Beth get a idea . she run to a shelf and rifle through a box we see earlier -- Beth hold up asbury 's vocom universal remote . 86 . beth four-hour lapse , right ? remy sure , if he 's get a vocom -- she point the remote control at asbury and press the rewind button -- asbury 's jaw click open , and a whirr emanate . Beth hit stop , look to remy . he nod -- go on -- and she push play . scream of pain burst forth from asbury 's mouth -- Beth , freak out , stop the sound . remy ( cont 'd ) Little more rewind . Beth hit rewind again , and after a few second , she prepare to make another go at it . play . asbury 's jaw click open again , and the dead man , with no facial expression whatsoever , begin to talk , he jaw slightly out of sync with the word : asbury -- whoops , natural baby there ... you goin’ alone ? remy this be it -- keep go -- asbury Three block down , fifth floor . ( beat ) go on , I 'il be stylin 's when you flip back around . sleep it out here if you need to . hasta luego . ( beat ; seemingly to self ) damn , girl 's look on top . Beth can not help but smile at he posthumous compliment . there 's a long pause ; Beth hit fast -forward . as soon as she hear sound -- play -- asbury ( cont ’d ) ' lo ? my mechie score you up already ? ( beat ) U - man number two . you boy re-gen like the cancer . ( beat ) Nah , I be alone all day -- I be not see -- hey , watch the skin -- ( beat ) the fuck offa that -- get the -- ( beat ) gonna ping you fierce now motherf -- 87 . a sudden grunt from asbury 's throat -- a gurgle -- the scream start again -- loud , pierce , pain -- remy punch stop . he look to Beth -- int . loft hallway - night they run for the stair , jump over some unfinish construction , brick scattered along the ground . remy throw open the stairwell door to find -- jake he look almost as upset at see remy as remy do at see he . jake afternoon , partner . remy afternoon . jake ( to Beth ) good to see you again . beth can not say the same . jake I hear about the airport . remy I like to put on a show . jake wish you woulda do a better job of run . remy that make two of we . Jake lean against a wall , but keep he eye on remy . jake Frank 's get everyone 's ball ina vise back at the shop . Security boy work overtime . he could not stand how easy you get inside . remy he think that be easy ? jake any case , he 's double commission on priority one debtor , which be pretty much the two of you . so. thanks . 88. remy my pleasure . buy a boat . Jake take a step forward ; remy step back . a slow circle . remy ( cont ’d ) do I one favor . jake anything . remy you and I , one on one . leave she alone . Jake lift he scanner and ping Beth . the screen fill with artiforg number , all past due . a repo man 's wet dream . jake Fine . she walk now . beth wait just a second -- remy go. run downstairs . do not look back . beth what be I , a golden retriever ? jake take the deal , lady . Beth step closer to remy . she 's make she decision . Jake nod -- it 's what he expect . he unholster he taser . jake ( cont 'd ) I ' 1l make it fast . remy take out he own taser . remy I , too . Jake stick he thumb out -- remy press he thumb against Jake 's . grabbing remy 's wrist , Jake pull he close , strike out with the taser -- remy knock it away , spin , fire with he own taser - the prong slamming into the wall behind Jake . 89 . remy jump on top of Jake , wrestle he to the ground . there 's no fancy kung - fu move -- it 's just a grunt - and - groan contest , each try to get leverage -- remy pull he scalpel from he waistband , get it up near Jake 's neck , Jake hold he off with one hand -- reaching for a brick on the ground with the other -- beth ( 0.s. ) look out -- remy turn to see the brick come toward he head , Jake whipping it through the air -- black silence . for just a moment , then , fade back in : beth ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) get up . come on , get up , we have to get out of here . remy 's Pov - beth come into focus , stand over he . they be still in the outsider 's hallway -- jake lie on the floor , twitching from a taser blast . Beth , taser in she hand , help remy to he foot . beth ( cont ’d ) you want to finish this off ? remy look down at the scalpel in he hand , then to Jake . he can not do it . remy let 's just go . beth but -- remy now . back to alva 's . int . surgeon' apartment - day alva ai not nothing I can do to help you . alva busy herself , clean the surgical equipment . she will not look at either remy or Beth . 90 . lil 's alva sit atop a table , leg dangle . lil 's alva what about -- alva hush up . beth g the guy who 's after we -- he kill asbury . that do not even matter to you ? alva we all go about we life in we own way . running 's no different . ' beth that 's a nice fuck attitude -- remy put a hand out . stop Beth . open the door . remy we get it . you have get a little girl to protect . I have get a son , I understand . odd be I will not see he again , but ... ( beat ) I definitely understand . they turn to leave . alva 's clearly upset with herself for turn they away . she take a moment to make a decision -- alva wait . remy and Beth stop in the doorway . alva ( cont 'd ) {to lil 's alva ) run on up and get momma 's shotgun . lil 's alva grin widely and scoot into another room . alva ( cont ’d ) it 's a long way to the railroad . ext . back alley - night alva lead remy and Beth down a maze of alley . lil 's alva bounce along next to they , carry she own shotgun . lil 's alva C ’mon , slowpoke ! alva keep you voice down , child . 91 . beth be you sure this be the right way ? lil 's alva right up ahead . remy maybe we should turn around -- a chorus of shotgun pump echo out . remy look up -- to find himself and Beth surround by five muscular women point shotgun at they . lil 's alva turn and smile widely . lil 's alva told ya . int . passageway - night rhodesia , a thick black woman with a confident air , lead remy and Beth through this low -slung hall . rhodesia every day , the Union get hungrier , and every day we take in more just like the two of you . as they walk , remy 's sleeve ride up . rhodesia see he Union tattoo . he self - consciously pull the sleeve back down . rhodesia ( cont 'd ) it do not matter to I , honey . so long as alva vouch for you , y’all get a home down here . beth where exactly be '' down here ? '' they have come to a door . rhodesia open it wide -- int . supply warehouse - day the willy wonka candy Factory of artificial organ . row after immense row of twenty - foot shelf be devote to stack box upon box of high - demand artiforg . this be where they keep the inventory for wholesale order . rhodesia welcome to the railroad . remy run he hand along a shelf . artificial heart , kidney , liver -- a Union man 's wet dream . 92 . rhodesia ( cont 'd ) kenton supply warehouse for the whole city . can not nobody ping you up in this hole . remy do not they check it ? rhodesia '' they '' be I , and no , I do not . gal 's get to have a day job , this be mine . Beth look around at all the artiforg . beth so if a repo man scan the building -- rhodesia screen fill with so many ' forg make he wanna cry . remy ( appreciate the idea ) look for a haystack in a field of haystacks . rhodesia come. on back , we will get you set up . int . supply warehouse - in back - day a camp , of sort , inside the warehouse . ramshackle bunk have be construct within the artiforg box , hasty blanket and mattress set up on each shelf . dozen of rag men , women , and child sit around a sterno pot , warming themselves . a scraggly man , on he last leg , eat food from a tin can . a family , the father try to keep he kide warm . a old lady , she artiforg knuckle ( gleam brass , naturally ) move quickly as she knit a blanket . beth they be all want by the Union ? rhodesia most of ‘em . some be family member , could not stand to let mommy or daddy run on they own . ( beat ) now , we will get you two settle in the far corner . it will take a few week to find good mattress , so ' till then -- remy wait , lady -- hold on . we have get to get out of the country . tonight . 93. a smile curl the end of rhodesia 's lip . she call out : rhodesia everybody who need to get out of the country tonight , raise you hand . everyone 's hand shoot up high . rhodesia turn back to remy . : rhodesia ( cont 'd ) I have get 953 outbound and six -- count ‘em , six -- jammer on hand . so unless you have get something real damn impressive up you sleeve other than that ugly - ass tattoo , I have say you have better find a place to bunk down for the next year or so . remy look to Beth . rhodesia throw they a pair of blanket , and walk off . int . supply warehouse - on shelf - later Beth do she best to prepare they bunk , pile up blanket , try to make the shelf , amidst the organ , comfortable . remy , now without he typewriter , scribbles in longhand on he piece of paper . Beth try to get a look . beth when do I get to read it ? remy when it 's do . beth when 's that go to be ? remy I do not know . when I be dead , I guess . t-bone ( 0.s. ) they tell I you be here . have to see it with my own eye . remy turn to see t- bone bonasera , the record producer whose heart he try to zap , climb up the edge of the shelf . remy t-bone ? t-bone in the flesh , baby . remy I think ... they tell I -- 94 . t-bone I be dead ? you think I be gonna stick around , wait for the next repo man to pop in ? Beth come over , can not suppress she grin . beth so that make two of we that get away from you . t-bone ( to Beth , be : remy ) this man be my wake - up call . second I see he lie on my floor , eye all glaze , I say t- bone , you have get to get you life in order . so I hightaile it down here to rhodesia 's , get my ass off the q , and tonight I be s'pose to be off to punta del este and the warm ocean breeze . remy you have get one of the jammer ? t- bone pull out a small device with a bunch of wire on it . t-bone I do . he put the jammer in remy 's hand . t-bone ( cont 'd ) now you do . remy do not know what to say . he start to protest , but -- t-bone ( cont 'd ) you save my life . try to kill I first , but sometimes that 's how it go down . remy 's stunne . he look to Beth , who look away . he stand , turn she back around . remy you should go . before I . beth no . the Union want you more . remy you have get 15 overdue ' forg -- beth but you be one of they . they can not take the risk of have you on the loose . 95 . remy there 's get to be another way -- Beth grab remy and kiss he . that shut he up . beth Jake know you . he know where you 'il go . and the longer you be here , the more you put everyone else at risk . it 's the right decision , and remy know it . remy I do not want to leave you . beth you 'il find I again . you always do . they stare at one another . there 's no good way to do this . t-bone time 's waste , repo man . remy , with no other choice , take the jammer and step to the edge of the shelf . he look back one last time -- remy I 'il write you . beth this time , I 'il write back . remy jump off the end of the shelf . int , equipment CENTER - night remy inspect he spankin’ new passport as rhodesia hand he he plane ticket . rhodesia one-way ticket to bogota . we have get people on the other side to get you through the jungle and into punta del este . beth and what 's in punta del este ? rhodesia it be not what 's there -- it 's what 's mot there . no Union . no repo men. just sun and sand and a lotta folk happy to be alive . remy Big rock candy mountain . rhodesia take remy 's jammer and wrap it tight around he waist . oeguex . 96 . rhodesia airport be monitor twenty - four seven by the auto-scanner ... rhodesia pull out a repo scanner . she ping remy -- the scanner whoops as the screen fill with remy 's artiforg heart information . rhodesia ( cont ’d ) now flick it on . remy it will not work , the Union 's already figure out all the jammer frequency . rhodesia you boy finger the 3.5 model . this be 3.6 . go on , give it a try . remy flip a button on the box . there 's no discernible change . rhodesia ping remy again with the scanner -- empty . the scanner 's clear , as if remy 's totally natural . remy how long have this be around ? rhodesia Long enough to fool you , honey . int . airport terminal - day remy , keep he head down , stand in line at security , wait to be scan . two union men watch the area . remy flip the switch on the jammer at he waist -- then walk through , the green light wash over he body -- show nothing . union man move along . remy walk through . cope int . at gate - day the flight to bogota be board . remy stand there , ticket in hand , as other passenger stream by he , onto the flight . attendant ( v.o. ) this be the final board call for flight 862 into bogota , Columbia . 97 . remy can not seem to move . he look at the gateway to the airplane , at he last chance for freedom . the attendant see he , walk over . attendant ( cont ’d ) Sir , be you on flight 862 ? remy I be suppose to be . attendant well , let I just check you in the computer . she take he ticket and run it through a scanner . it beeps . attendant ( cont ’d ) the computer say you be confirm . remy 's eye narrow -- he 's think of something . remy and the computer would know . attendant they always do . so , if you have care to move onto the jetway , a attendant will show you to you seat . remy do not move . attendant ( cont ’d ) Sir ? be you get on the flight ? we hold on remy ... int . supply warehouse - on shelf - day as Beth sit on she pile of blanket , leaf through the page of the book that remy leave behind . she 's all alone . remy ( o.s. ) how 's that book ? Beth look up to see remy , climb onto the shelf . she can not help but smile . beth it 's alright . a little preachy . remy what 's it about ? beth it 's a fairy tale . bio - repo man lose he heart and find he soul . 98 . remy I would not go that far . ( beat ) wanna go to South America ? int . subway - day Beth and remy huddle in the subway car , try to lay low , a duffel bag at they foot . carol and have just beth you already try hack the computer . remy not exactly . before , I be on site , try to log in bogus ' forg . beth so how 's this any different ? remy if I can access the mainframe in Union headquarters , I can reprogram the network . make it think you account be all pay in full . you 'il show up clean on the scanner . beth wo not they figure it out ? remy eventually . but by then we will be drink margaritas and pick sand outta we ass . beth okay , but how be we suppose to get into Union headquarters ? remy I know a guy on the inside . carol ( 0.s. ) oh - my - god. peter get on the train . remy try to move away -- carol ( cont 'd ) hey ! Union man ! head turn . remy change tactic . remy sorry , lady . get the wrong guy . 99 . carol you could have tell I that year ago , save I the trouble . remy keep he voice low , control . remy this be not a good time . carol not a good time , you sonofabitch ? other passenger begin to listen in , put remy 's surprise melodrama on stage . this could be dangerous . carol ( cont ’d ) that 's a brilliant reason why you take off on you son and have not send a single mortgage payment . not a good time -- you think that 's 11l hold up in court ? he look to Peter -- to Carol -- remy ( quietly ) I can not do this right now . maybe one day I can call and explain , but for now I no appreciate it if you have just go away . carol that 's how you handle everything , be not it ? rip it out and toss it away . I be sure that 's exactly what you would like . all you problem to just disappear , poof , all by themselves -- suddenly , Carol 's eye go wide , she entire body tensing with a sudden and powerful jolt . then she drop to the floor in a heap , eye roll back in she head . remy look up to see ... peter with remy 's taser in he hand , the metal knob sparking with residual energy . he smile , a bit unsure , at remy -- who grab Peter and hug he boy close . remy ( happily ) that be very naughty what you just do . very , very naughty . he hold Peter at arm 's length , then reach into he bag and pull out the manuscript , bound with a rubber band . 100 . remy ( cont ’d ) when you be old enough , read this . and if you still want to talk when you nre do , you come and find I . Peter nod and take the book as the train pull into the next station . remy give he one more hug -- remy and Beth hop off the train as the door close and the train pull away , take Peter and a comatose Carol with it . int .: mall - outside credit union - night the line of sick , elderly , and frail be endless . Frank begin lowering the steel gate , call out -- frank credit Union number 418 will reopen for business tomorrow morning at ten . a sad groan of disappointment from the mass . frail lady Sir , please . I may not make it to morning . I have be wait in line since six a.m. frank then show up tomorrow at 5:59 . frail lady I would like to speak to the manager . frank you just do . the gate clang shut and Frank head off . reveal remy and Beth , hide in the shadow , as they watch Frank walk away ... ext . mall - parking lot - night Frank unlock he car door , sit inside . a moment of confusion as Frank process the tiny glass shard all over the car . some fuck vandal must have break he window . suddenly -- wham ! Frank 's car seat collapse backward -- as remy pop up from the backseat and jam a long metal trachea into Frank 's open mouth . blood trickle from Frank 's lip as he struggle , chipping a tooth -- remy relax , Frank . you might need you air . 101 . Beth on Frank now , wrapping duct tape around he mouth , crudely hold the artiforg windpipe in place . remy pull out a artificial lung , clamping it to the trachea . his finger hover over a tiny black lever . remy ( cont ’d ) I flip on this yoshimoto and dial up deep inhalation mode -- beth suck all the air right outta you . remy instant raisin . now drive . remy shove the seat back up as Frank meekly drop the car into reverse ... ext , STREET - night as the car shoot down the road -- ext . credit union headquarters - night the gigantic Union sphere and lightning bolt loom on the portico of this state - of - the- art structure . Security camera sweep the area . remy and Beth step out from the shadow of the parking lot - remy 's get a unconscious Frank over he shoulder . remy ( to Beth ) do you have to knock he out ? beth I do not trust he . remy you do not have to carry he . at the entrance Frank 's face drop into frame , he chin slamming down a metal shelf . remy pries one of he eye open . a retinal scan confirm Frank 's identity . a beep , and the door slide open . remy ( cont ’d ) see ? it 's all who you know . remy drop Frank 's body to the floor and head inside . Beth follow , and the door close behind they . 102 . int . union headquarters - lobby - night a staircase spiral up the darken lobby . a giant i Computer bank , quite retro in they size , cover the wall . remy and Beth bolt up the stair -- '' int . accounting office - union headquarters - night a single computer sit in the middle of the room , and remy move to it . he take a seat and begin type . the photo of debtor flick by -- landing on remy 's own . a few more keystroke , and Beth 's face be right beneath he . he hit one more button -- remy I have get it . on screen beneath they picture : pay in full . beth what -- that easy ? remy hey , I be good . a metal lung come crash down on remy 's head , knock he to the ground . he look up -- to see Frank stand over he , raw red skin around he mouth and neck where he 's tear the duct tape off . frank this just make I sad . you know how hard it be to find a good repo man ? he kick remy in the rib . Frank 's quite piss . frank ( cont ’d ) a man who can extract all night long and come in the next morning at nine a.m. ready to do it all again ? another kick . remy try to stand , get knock down -- frank ( cont ’d ) a man who , at the end of the day , just do not give a shit about other people ? 103 . jake ( 0.s. ) they be a die breed . Jake stand at the door , taser by he side . he approach the fall remy . Frank , surprised but happy , look at he watch as he take remy 's taser from he pocket . frank let 's wrap this up . I be a half hour late for my reservation at Le foie . Jake offer a hand to remy . help he to he foot . jake I really wish you would have do a better job of run . remy that make three of we . suddenly , Beth make a move , bolt out of the accounting office and escape into the darkness . remy ( cont ’d ) two of we . frank enough chat , Jake . Jake take a step toward remy , who hold he ground . jake sorry about beat you ass in the third grade . remy you shoulda see the other guy . frank Jesus Christ ! do you goddamn job , or I 'il do it for you ! Jake nod . know what he have to do . remy nod back . remy a job 's a job . Jake turn to remy and wink . he flick he taser on -- jake fuck that . and wheel around , shoot the taser at frank who convulse and drop to the ground . 104 . jake ( cont ’d ) you know how long I have want to do that ? Jake give remy a hand up . remy 's eye go wide -- on a security monitor guard be stream into the building . remy let 's get the fuck out of here . int . union headquarters - lobby - night Jake and remy run for the stair -- to find two guard already run up . they turn back to the other exit -- to find three more guard come they way , gun draw . Jake and remy go back - to-back . this be it -- a blood - curdling scream pierce the silence from behind the guard . several whip around , but see nobody . then another pierce voice -- voice # 1 please , no , dear God , no -- and another , plead -- voice # 2 -- I have kid , three kid -- hiding beneath the staircase , we find beth wield the universal remote from asbury 's apartment . she 's create the cacophony , make the repossess vocom voice box house in the Union play back they die host 's final word . more scream join in , hundred of plead voice burst out at once , all try to fight off repo Men for survival . the guard begin fire in all direction in the confusion . remy taser a nearby guard , clear a path . Jake crunch another 's nose , make a bloody mask . beth over here ! 105 . remy look to find Beth at the exit . it 's all clear . he run down the stair to she , turn -- to see Jake , still on the second floor , fight off three more guard . remy come on ! a guard see remy , run for he -- and Jake step in to intercept , tasering the guard -- but leave himself wide open . a bullet pierce Jake 's body . then another . and another . remy 's powerless to stop it as Jake stagger backwards , tip over the railing and fall towards the sphere and lightning bolt statue below the sound be horrific . Jake lie motionless , impale on the giant lightning bolt . SPARKS flicker out of the giant computer bank below the bolt as he blood run into the circuitry . remy move 's towards he -- beth we have to go . we have to . remy stand there , motionless . Beth pull at he shirt , tug -- and remy give in . they run out . the computer continue to spark as Jake 's blood seep in , send arc of electricity through the air . beth and remy run down a long corridor toward the exit , Union computer monitor sparking and blacking out as they run past . another union security camera pick they up as they exit the building -- on the security monitor as Beth and remy run for they car -- a burst of static -- and the picture go to 106 . black int . security check - airport terminal - day the long line , the usual scanner . the same Union man who double - cross remy earlier on wave the passenger through first one stop in the scanner , light wash over he : pay in full next to step in be beth move nervously through the scanner . the wash of light -- pay in full . she smile , relieved , move on . and right behind she , move confidently -- remy walk through the scanner , lock eye with the Union man he know full well be onto he . but the light come on : pay in full . the repo man take out he hand -held scanner and scan remy nothing . no ping , nada . he start scan random people -- pay in full . pay in full , pay in full . remy you might wanna get that thing look at . remy pat the repo man on the back and walk right on by , as the guy angrily pound he scanner , try to get it to work . remy and Beth stroll down the nearest jetway and board the next flight to bogota . by the time the repo man look up again , they be go . dissolve to : a tv set , black and white on which a accented reporter give the news of the day . reporter ... which have only add to the worldwide artiforg crisis . ( more ) 107 . reporter ( cont 'd ) credit Union spokesman have deny rumor of sabotage , claim that they do not yet know what cause the disruption of they computer bank and the sudden closure of all outstanding artiforg account , lead to the collapse of the world 's large corporation . people running through the street , artiforg in there arm reporter ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) nearly every city with a credit Union Depot have report widespread looting and vandalism , and many expert believe it 's only a matter of time before martial law be declare across the country ... the sound of the surf overwhelm the reporter 's voice , and we pull back to find ourselves on : ext . beach - punta del este - day impossibly beautiful ocean , beautiful sky . a sunbather turn off he portable tv and return to he loung . he 's get a long , ripple scar in the center of he chest . in fact , everyone on this foreign beach have a scar of some sort or another . the sign all around be in Spanish and portuguese . as we move through the crowd ... remy ( 0.s. ) Christ , it 's hot . be it suppose to be this hot ? beth ( 0.s. ) it 's the tropic . remy ( 0.s. ) sure , but ... Christ , it 's hot . remy and Beth sit on chaise lounge at the ocean 's edge . Beth 's get on a cute little bathing suit , and though all she scar be show , she do not seem to care . remy , still in he somber black - on - black , have a bandage on he shoulder . Beth pull it down -- the skin be raw and read , but heal . there 's no tattoo . a hardcover book sit on the sand between they . beth be you gonna stay here and act macho or come have some fun ? remy think it over . remy macho . 110 . jake hey , ease up . I do not want he ... uncomfortable . technician nothing to worry about . if you have hit he with the brick any lower , it might have pose a problem , but the m - 5 be top of . the line . jake what 's he think about ? technician no way to know . jake but he 'il be ... happy ? technician so long as someone 's pay for the system . Jake nod over to the other side of the hallway -- where the bottom half of Beth 's torso can be see . there 's more than a bit of blood -- as more assistant box up she overdue artiforg . jake I have get 15 commission lie on the floor over there . that should pay it off in full . the other assistant lift remy 's stretcher up and it pop into place . they begin to roll he down the long hallway . Jake watch he go . jake ( cont ’d ) sweet dream , brother . we move with remy , a small smile on he face , that wire trail out of he brain . frank ( v.o. ) - which be why I have recommend the m -5 neural net from kenton . we be run a special on it this month , just 18 percent interest for the first year , twenty - four after that . remy , on he cart , move away from we now , wheeled down that long hall ... frank ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) why should you love one pass on just because of a little brain damage ? that 's barbaric . that 's just bad science . penny : 111. the elevator door at the far end of the hall open ... frank ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) with the new m - 5 neural net , the worry of today can be the forget woe of yesterday . imagine you love one live the rest of they natural life in a world where they be always happy , always content , and always take care of . the assistant push remy 's cart inside ... frank ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you owe it to you family . you owe it to yourself . the elevator door close . CuT to : frank , in he office , he smile as wide as ever , stare straight at US . frank sign you name right there on the dot line , and we can get start . he place a pen and contract on the table . fade out :