repo man written by Alex Cox transcript by Steve Farmer repo man theme music now begin play . map be show in background ( green text on black background ) , zoom in on Los alamos , New Mexico . while remain credit be show , the map travel to sante Fe , then albuquerque , then begin follow us66 west through Arizona to California , finally end up a few mile east of goff ( northwest of Needles ) . Green ' 64 chevy malibu malibu be weaving down the highway in the desert , pass billboard with motorcycle cop behind it . cop pull out behind malibu . J. frank parnell forty -niner and he daughter clementine . oh my darlin , oh my darlin ... motorcycle cop pull the car over , get off motorcycle and rap on car window . J. frank parnell clementine clemen - county sheriff let I see you driver license . radio Post ten -eighteen . Post ten -eighteen . county sheriff from out of town , hmm ? what 's you get in the trunk ? J. frank parnell oah ... you do not want to look in there . county sheriff give I the key . the motorcycle cop walk around to the back of the car and open the trunk . the car have New Mexico license plate kbb - 283 . in every scene after this when the plate be visible , they will be 127 -gbh . county sheriff ahhhhhh ! the motorcycle cop get disintegrated , leave behind a pair of flame boot ( a reference to the movie timerider , which be co-written and produce by Mike nesmith ) . parnell watch from side mirror , where we see that the leave side of he sunglass have no lens . J. frank parnell oh my darlin clementine , you be lose now go forever , dreadful sorry clementine . otto and Kevin , in the supermarket , face can of generic yellow cling slice peach . kevin do do do De do De do De do De do feeling do De Da do De do De do feeling seven-up . I be feel seven-up . feeling seven up . I be feel seven up . it 's a crisp refresh feel crystal clear and light . America 's drink seven - up and it sure feel right . feeling lucky seven . otto put price sticker on Kevin 's glass . otto Kevin stop sing man . kevin feeling seven eleven . kevin hum . I be not sing guy . otto I be stand right next to you and you be fuck ( flippin ) sing . cut it out . kevin jeeze . why so tense guy ? mr. humphries otto ? kevin mister humphry ! mr. humphries you be late again this morning . now normally I would let it go but it 's be bring to my attention that you be not pay attention to the way you space the can . many young man of you age in this uncertain time - mr. humphries otto ! be you pay attention to I ? louie hey ! he 's talk to you ! Kevin chuckle otto grab Kevin by the front of he shirt , step around he , and push he into the stack of can ( this have be describe as a goof but it 's clearly just a case of awkward staging use to make the shot work ) . louie pull he gun . louie ( basta ! ) kevin you gotta love get fire from you job in a big way , otto . mr. humphries what be you laugh at ? louie , throw he out too . louie come on you worm . get out of here . louie shove Kevin down aisle where otto be walk out . otto take off he clip - on bow tie and toss it back towards louie . louie twirl he gun and put it away . note that the store aisle be line with nothing but generic product , plain black lettering on white background . all product in movie from now on will have this appearance . punk slamdance to coup d'etat in the back of a warehouse . otto be there slamdance and Duke walk up , the two of they swing each other around . behind they , the graffiti on the wall say " Circle jerk " , a band which will appear later in the movie . otto how you do dude ? when do you get out of the slammer man ? otto enter bedroom where debbi be wait in bed . debbi what 's the difference ? ] otto huh ? otto lay back on the bed and put he hand behind he head . otto okay debbi pull back he shirt a little and begin kissing he stomach , then stop . debbi otto. otto . otto what ? debbi get I another beer . otto go downstairs and there 's a party go on . institutionalize play in background . kevin ow. cool. ow. dammit . I be suppose to be the host here . kevin ow ! otto return to the bedroom otto debbi honey . I get you a beer . otto turn on light and find Duke there with debbi . [ otto shit . debbi just ignore he Duke he 's nothing but a big baby . duke turn the fuck light out . ] otto leave room just as Kevin arrive and look in the door . kevin what be you do ? nobody suppose to be up here . this be my parent 's room . dude , nobody suppose to be up here , this be my parent 's room . ) [ otto in a vacant lot drink a beer . it 's early morning and otto start walk . otto do not want to talk about anything else . we do not want to know . we be just dedicated ... to we favorite show . Saturday night live , Monday night football , Dallas , jefferson , gilligan 's island , flintstone . ] otto still walk , but it 's light now . Bud pull up next to he in a blue sedan . bud hey kid ! ( honk ) hey ! hey kid ! hey ! hey ! be you hard of hearing ? otto what do you want ? bud you want to make ten buck ? otto fuck you , queer . ( shove off , pervert ) bud now waita minute wait a minute kid you get the wrong idea . look my old lady be real sick and I get to get she to the hospital , okay ? otto so what ? take she there . bud I can not . I can not leave she car in this bad area . look I need some helpful soul to drive it for I , okay ? she 's pregnant . she 's with twin . she could drop at any time . all right ? otto well , uh , how much be you go to give I ? bud Fifteen buck . otto no . wo not do it for less than twenty . bud twenty -five . follow I in my old lady 's car . it 's right here . okay ? otto all right ... where 's , uh , where 's you old lady at ? bud never mind about that . right now we need to get both of my car out of this bad area , allright ? come on . otto get in the car , a white 4 door cutlass sedan . from the apartment ( baby cry ) papa ! ( ? ) aqui. un gringo ( en la calle con su coche ) bud let 's go . Bud and otto drive down freeway , chevy malibu swerve in front of they . it be move right across the lane but have the leave blinker on . Bud and otto enter the helping Hand acceptance Corporation ( marlene talk on phone simultaneously with other conversation ) . marlene helping hand acceptance corporation , marlene speak . repo victim you know damn straight what I be talk about . it 's sit right out side . it take I two week to get this money up so I can come and get it . marlene I do not think so sir you will have to call back . I will call you back o.k .? oly that be not you car . repo victim' girl hey do not let he lie to you like that . unh ? marlene thanks Bud . repo victim be you go to give I my car or do I get to go to you house and shove you dog 's head down the toilet . marlene helping hand acceptance corporation marlene speak . plettschner take it easy sonny boy . repo victim' girl shut up rent -a-cop . oly best goddamn ( gol -durn ) car on the lot . repo victim you damn right it be . marlene will you , will you hold please ? marlene helping hand acceptance corporation marlene speak . repo victim say moma what 's happen ? you want to take a lift ? marlene no thank you . l.a.p.d. I want to report a repo in boro height area . repo victim' girl let 's go . the repo victim and he girl leave plettschner a cadillac . be he a pimp ? bud shut up plettschner . marlene Bud what street be that car on ? bud honey I do not know , some alley uh . hey kid ! otto what ? bud hey what street be the cutlass on ? otto I do not know . what happen to you old lady ? marlene they do not know I will call you back . marlene helping hand acceptance corporation marlene speak . bud my old lady ? oh shit ( shoot ) ! I forget all about she . well she will take the bus . she 's a rock . marlene what kind of car ? what kind of car ? bud hey come on in . marlene ! marlene ! marlene can you hold ? oly get a name kid ? otto yeah ! it 's otto . oly otto ! otto part ? hahaha the phone ring and oly answer marlene be talk on the phone , but a continuous cut now show she hold a pencil in both hand . marlene you get a driver license honey ? oly on the phone oh yeah ! fuckin-a ( flippin right ) we rip you car . asshole ( airhead ) ! marlene let I see it . oly on the phone you want to know who tell we where it be ? you goddamn ( gol -durn ) brother . marlene be you really twenty - one ? otto that 's what it say do not it . oly hey you want some help with that beer kid ? otto you be all repo man . oly what if we be ? otto pour the beer on the floor . bud you know kid , uhh , usually when someone pull shit ( stuff ) like that my first reaction be uhh I want to punch he fuck ( flippin ) light out . bud but you know something ? bud and oly you be all right ! bud right lite ? lite enter lite get any message for I baby ? marlene yeah . here you go . oly crack I up . lite somebody piss ( puke ) on the floor again ? oly maybe he 's look for a job ? huh budsky ? bud could be ? what do you say kid be always on the look out for a few good man . otto screw ( stuff ) that ! ai not go to be no repo man . no way ! otto out in the yard with Miller miller you find one in every car . you will see . back in the desert we begin scene look through the windshield of a police motorcycle . the windshield of the police motorcycle naturally have a pine tree air freshener hang from it . we see some people search around in the desert , most of they in radiation suit , with a local sheriff follow a woman in a business suit . radio come in Officer labeef do you read I ? radio Chuck will you stop fool around ? sheriff I have never see the like of that . radio I have the stat on that car Officer labeef . radio ten-forty Baker sheriff what could have do that to he ? gasoline ? napalm ? agent rogersz it happen sometimes . people just explode . Natural cause . sheriff what ? suspect presence on west coast confirm 44 % possibility Los Angeles locate immediately do not notify police agent rogersz suspect presence on west coast confirm . do not notify police . otto and Kevin on a porch in the rain otto night watchman in pomona . kevin yep . otto asbestos worker . City of industry . kevin yep yep ! otto french fry maker agoura . ha ha that 's absurd . kevin yeah ? well you think it 's funny huh ? there 's fuck ( lot of ) room to move as a fry cook , man . you know I could be manager in two year ? King ! God ! ( egad ! ) otto you know Kevin , I have this wild fuck ( flippin ) dream the other night . kevin I bet . otto it be with you and I and we be work in this sleazy shithole ( shabby ) motel down in Miami , Florida . and we be bellhop and we be sixty - five year old . it be so real it be really real , realistic . kevin and then what , you wake up in a puddle ( cold sweat ) ? otto fuck you ! ( drop dead ) kevin Fucking ( you ) jerk . otto stand up and start to walk away . kevin where you go asshole ( snotnose ) ? otto away from you . otto get off the Edge City # 127 bus and come home . Mom and dad be watch tv note Edge City , also the name of the film 's production company , be a recur theme in Tom wolfe 's " electric Kool - ade acid test " . otto mother , father . get anything to eat ? reverend larry occasionally we get a letter from a viewer that say now the only reason reverend Larry come on you television set be because he want you money . and do you know what ? they be right ! I do want you money . because god want you money . so I want you to go out and mortgage that home and sell that car and send I you money . you do not need that car . ( continue in background ) otto mom put it on a plate son you will enjoy it more . otto I could not enjoy it any more mom mmm mmm mmm this be swell . otto dad ? hey dad ? otto dad what be it son ? otto do you remember that you once tell I along time ago . well not too long ago but ummm . that you tell I that you would give I a thousand dollar to go to Europe if I finish school . well you know something ? you be right . about finish school that 's ah that 's what I would like to do . but umm I want to know if I could have the money first . like now . [ you know I really love you dad I have always love you . you too mom . what do you say ? otto dad I do not have it anymore . otto what ? ] otto mom you father give all we extra money to the reverend 's telethon , otto . otto well what about I ? otto dad you be on the honor roll of the chariot of fire . same as we , otto . it be a gift . from all of we jointly . otto mom we be send bible to El salvador . otto and Bud riding in Bud 's car Jazz music play on the radio . in almost all scene inside of Bud 's car , Jazz music will be play on the radio . in this sequence the background change from day to night , back to day , and back to night again ( during the speed snort scene ) even though the dialog seem continuous . I believe that this be do intentionally to show the passage of time , but the disjoint event be cut so smoothly as to make it seem like they goof the continuity . it 's clearer in the tv version where there truly be a break between the line about speed and the actual snort . otto so how much do I get pay , twenty - five buck a car . bud paid ? you do not get pay . be you kid , you work on commission , that 's better than get pay . bud most car you rip be worth two or three hundred dollar . fifty thousand dollar porsche ( german pronounciation ) might make ya five grand . bud it help if you dress like a detective , too . detective dress kind of square . people think this guy be a cop . they be go to think you be pack something . they do not fuck ( mess ) with you so much . otto be you ? bud be I what ? otto packin ' something . bud ha. only a asshole ( a jackass ) get kill for a car . guy who make it be the guy who get into they car at anytime . get in at three a.m. get up at four . that 's why there be not a repo man I know that do not take speed . otto speed huh ? Bud at payphone Bud be talk on phone . bud I will call you back ! ( hang up ) flippin general telephone . Bud pick up phone and dial . phone begin make a loud whining noise . Bud get sledgehammer from car and destroy phone while otto watch . when Bud be do , otto get crowbar from car and beat side of phone with it while laugh . bud c'mon . otto and Bud in car in alley ( in the television version , this entire scene take place while watch Bud 's car drive down a road , but you can still hear the snort in the background . ) [ bud snorting a line Jesus Christ . ] bud never break into a car . never hot - wire a car . kid . I never break into a trunk . I shall not cause harm to any vehicle nor the personal content thereof . nor through inaction let that vehicle or the personal content thereof come to harm . that 's what I call the repo code kid . do not forget it etch it in you brain . not many people get a code to live by anymore . bud hey ! hey look at that . look at that asshole ( that ) over there . we see a group of people around a tow truck with a car be hook up to it . bud ordinary people I hate them . otto I too . bud what do you know ? see a ordinary person spend he life avoid tense situation . repoman spend he life get into tense situation . ! let go get a drink . otto and Bud in a store Bud set 2 six pack of " drink " down on the counter . bud tense situation kid . get into five or six of they a day and it do not mean shit ( zilch ) anymore . I mean I see man stab and it do not mean shit ( zilch ) . I have see gun . gun too they do not mean shit ( zilch ) but that 's when you get to watch you self . here I will handle it pal . uh settle down . bud have a nice day . or night . night , day , it do not mean shit ( zilch ) . Duke , archie , and debbi rise from behind counter as otto and Bud leave . duke be not that otto ? debbi otto who ? duke you gotta watch yourself . ( take off mask ) have a nice day . . . night . parnell drive malibu across bridge otto and Bud in front of house with tow truck bud this be what I call phase 2 ace . if the dealer do not have the key , you call the truck . and it be a heartbreak to be sit wait for the truck and the giblet come out and drive it away . once you have get this baby on the hook , she 's all ours . man come out of house with shave cream on face . pakman oh no you do not . I be nip this in the bud right now . you be not go to take this car . I know my rights . there be absolutely no way you be go to take it . bud uh , be you miss luann pakman ? pakman obviously not . I be Arthur pakman . luann be my daughter . now you be go to have to take this matter up with she . bud well do not think I have not try , sir , but she have not have the decency to call we in month . I mean , I have skip trace this car all over town . pakman well , uh , luann be sick . now the damn car be not work anyway , and I know , I know that 's why she have not pay you . bud well , she could have call we ? look , all you have go to do be call my branch manager , I will abide with whatever he say . Bud hand pakman a business card . pakman reading card i. G. farben . . . what do you take I for , a moron ? if I go in there , you be go to take this car away . bud what , and lose my job ? the law require that I stay right here until you call my branch manager . pakman that 's the law ? bud that 's the law . pakman begin walk toward house . pakman I will be right back . pakman go inside and Bud and otto leave with the car as pakman come run back out of the house . otto and Bud drive down a waterway bud there 's go to be some bad shit ( stuff ) come down one of this day kid . otto oh yeah ? where you go to be ? on the moon ? bud ung uh , I be go to be right here head north at a hundred and ten per . otto in this junker ? the rodriguez brother pull up along side of they in a red convertible with black fuzzy dice hang from the rear view mirror . latino music play on the radio . otto cool car . bud uh oh ! the rodriguez brother . [ lagarto flip they off otto motherfucker just flip you off . bud Roll the window down . ] Roll the window down . lagarto a donde vas , pendejo ? bud a chingas tu esposa ! a brother hey Bud , hey Bud , who 's you new girlfriend ? otto watch it mother fucker . ( girlfriend ? watch it melonfarmer ! ) lagarto hey fuck you pussy punk . ( flip you , you punk . ) [ otto Holy shit . ] napoleon want I to take they ? otto wo ! hey ! they chase each other and end up slide out in a huge puddle . in one shot during the chase , lagarto be miss from the passenger 's seat . bud God damn dipshit rodriguez gypsy dildo punk . I will get you ass ! dang blame dumb suck rodriguez gypsy devil punk . I will get you can ! ) otto hahaha wow ! that be intense . bud repo man 's always intense . come on let 's go get a drink . otto gee bud . you never tell I it be go to be like this man . cop and robber . hahahahah . Real live car chase . hahahahah . Duke , archie and debbi leave a liquor store they just rob archie have a bag over he head . debbi accidentally fire gun into the air . archie shit ( shoot ) ! debbi ! duke if you say we name we will have to kill all this people archie . archie they all run away . debbi come on you douche bag . ( come on , get the lead out . ) they run out , archie 's bag fly off he head . Bud and otto enter just after they leave . bud awful quiet in here . it 's too quiet . otto so who be this rodriguez boy . bud rodriguez brother . lagarto and napoleon . two notorious delinquent currently responsible for at least thirty vehicle in the field . Quick shot of rodriguez brother in car lot signing papers on a car . although not make entirely clear in the movie , lagarto and napoleon apparently will buy a inexpensive car and pay for it in order to establish a good credit rating . then they go out and buy nice car and never make payment on they . lite and otto in lite 's car otto scumbag lite they be not scumbag . they car thief just like use . lite there 's miss magruder . you want to go for it ? lite hand otto a bag . otto look inside and laugh . otto good gag , you pull this one a lot ? lite only on the woman . it never fail . otto Excuse I ? miss magruder ? I have something here for you . otto take dead rat from bag and toss it into Ms. magruder 's car ms. magruder uhm how utterly charming . Ms. magruder spray otto in the face with mace otto ow ! ow ! ow ! motherfucker ! ( mother ... ) ow ! ow ! ow ! Christ ! I be blind man . lite ? lite , where be you man ? otto and Bud outside a laundromat bud ruthside peason brokerage consultant . Fucking ( flippin ) millionaire six payment behind . I have never understand it . otto what 's that ? bud the fuck ( flippin ) millionaire . they never pay they bill . see you at the yard . otto let I get this one . bud no. I will handle this one . mister peason be carry a permit for a pistol . otto grab the slimjim and get out of the car bud hey ! hey ! hey ! give I that . otto do not underestimate I ace . ruthside peason and also , naturally , I would like they to be right next to each other . in addition I would like they to be as close to the window as possible so I can sit in my car and watch my thing . so all you have to do be take you clothes out of here like this and put they into a machine over there like that . peason see otto drive off with the car . ruthside peason oh my god ( lord ) ! oh ! oh my god ( lord ) ! stop ! peason run out door after car . two kid grab peason 's clothes and throw they out the door . otto drive the car , a red cadillac car radio play Pablo Picasso . otto see leila run on the sidewalk and slow down while watch she . otto hey ! hey ! you want a ride ? hey babe need a ride ? otto run into some garbage can , stop and get out just as a old lady walk up . old lady pick it up ! look at you . you pick it up . you know yourself you be wrong . otto well what be they do out in the middle of the street ? old lady they be not in the middle of the street . that not the middle of the street that 's the corner . old lady go on you pick it up . otto what ? old lady you pick it up . otto haha , no way . you still want a ride or what ? old lady no I do not . leila and otto drive off in the car otto my name be otto . leila leila . be this you car ? otto yeah it 's one of they . leila heh , one of they ? you think you be pretty slick do not ya ? I bet you be a use car salesman . otto I be not . leila you dress like one . otto I be a repo man . leila what 's that ? otto it 's a repossesser . I take back car from dildo ( deadbeat ) who do not pay they bill . cool huh ? hombre secreto play on car radio . leila no . leila hide as a car with two man pull up next to they otto what be you do ? leila that man in the car next to we do not look at they . do not look at they ! if they see I they will kill I . otto really why ? otto ow ! what the hell be you do ? otto what 's go on ? leila take a look at this . leila show otto a picture of condom , fill with water and wear grass skirt . we notice that she be wear a yellow happy face watch . otto what 's this ? it look like sausage . leila it be not sausage otto . that 's a picture of four dead alien . otto hahahah leila laugh away fuckface ( fatface ) that picture be go to be on the cover of ever major newspaper in two day time . otto how do you know that ? leila part of a secret network . a scientist who be also in we secret sect smuggle the corpse off of this air force base . now he 's get they in the truck of he car . it 's a chevy malibu . we have get to find he . otto what be you go to do with they , put they on johnny carson ? leila yes ! we be go to have a press conference and tell the world . radio ehw . what 's that ? I do not know dear . but it be alive . it seem friendly though . aw look it 's curl up . how cute oh no . maybe we can take it home it do not seem to have any . oh yes let 's . but no ! no matter how appeal do not let strange creature in you house . we all know strange creature be on the increase . many of they do seem furry and adorable , but beware we do not know from whence they come . be safe . be safe . report strange incidence today . ( continue in background ) they pull up in front of a building otto United fruitcake outlet . leila my door do not open . otto let leila out leila thanks for the ride . as leila stand there , we notice she have a yellow happy face pin on she dress . otto sure ummm I do not know . what do you think ? ah want to go out with I again sometime ? leila I do not know . I be go to be kind of busy with work , the malibu and everything . otto hey great . terrific . here 's you shit ( stuff ) . leila what 's you problem ? I mean girl might like you if you lighten up a little bit . otto fuck ( flip I ) . Girls pay to go out with I . all right ? leila you wanna get back in the car ? otto what , here ? leila yeah . squeal be hear from the back seat of the car back at the helping Hand acceptance Corporation oly twenty thousand dollar for a chevy malibu ? oly who 's double X finance ? marlene store front operation , but the money be in escrow . marlene want I to notify the boy ? oly uh , naw . they be always bitching ( cry ) about they case load . I think I will go out for a while . marlene why ? we out of beer ? oly somebody have to work around here . keep make I money kid . otto fuck ( flip ) you . otto and lite out in the field lite man we have be look for this little red devil for a long time . just act natural . nobody know if it 's you car or somebody else car . lite now you work with that . you give it a try . all right ? lite let I give you a hand we do nt have a whole year to find it boy . otto get it . they slimjim the car and get in lite let get out of here . put you seat belt on . lite put you seat belt on boy ! I do not ride with anybody unless they wear they seatbelt . it 's one of my rule . otto , go through lite 's briefcase , pick up gun . lite put that damn gun down boy . it be not no toy . driving away in the car lite I walk into someone 's place of work . they shit ( plum ) scared . they know I be not a cop . they think I have come to kill them and I would . I would kill anybody who cross I . you know what I mean ? otto go through glove compartment , put on pair of sunglass he find there ( reference to the movie king of the Road with cinematography by robby Mueller ) . lite put a lighter to the cigarette in he mouth , but fail to light it . a few moment later he do it again and succeed in get it light . lite do you like music ? otto sure . lite in that case you be go love this . lite put cassette in player . lite 's theme start play . lite I be into this dude before anybody . partied with they all the time . ask I to be they manager . I call bullshit ( no way ) on that . manage a pop group hey that be not no job for no man . otto see box wrap in ribbon in back seat and hand one to lite who throw it out window . a car run over box and we see that it be full of money . otto continue throw box out of the window . lite you read that book I give you ? otto what book ? lite dioretix . Science of matter over mind . otto unh uhg lite you would better read it and quick . that book will change you life . found it in a maseratti in beverly hill . otto and Miller in vacant lot under bridge miller a lot of people do not realize what 's really go on . they view life as a bunch of unconnected incidence and thing . they do not realize that there 's this like lattice of coincidence that lay on top of everything . I will give you a example , show you what I mean . suppose you think about a plate of shrimp . suddenly somebody will say like plate or shrimp or plate of shrimp out of the blue no explanation . no point in look for one either . it 's all part of a cosmic unconsciousness . otto you eat a lot of acid Miller , back in the hippie day ? miller I will give you another instance . you know the way everybody 's into weirdness right now . book in all the supermarket about bermuda triangle , ufo 's , how the mayan invent television . that kind of thing . otto I do not read they book . miller well the way I see it it 's exactly the same . there be not no difference between a fly saucer and a time machine . people get so hang up on specifics . they miss out on see the whole thing . take South America for example . in South America thousand of people go miss every year . nobody know where they go . they just like disappear . but if you think about it for a minute , you realize something . there have to be a time when there be no people . right ? otto yeah . I guess . miller well where do all this people come from ? hmmm ? I will tell you where . the future . where do all this people disappear to ? hmmm ? otto the past ? miller that 's right and how do they get there ? otto how the fuck ( hell ) do I know ? miller Flying saucer . which be really ? yeah you get it . time machine . I think a lot about this kind of stuff . I do my best think on the bus . that how come I do not drive , see ? otto you do not even know how to drive . miller I do not want to know how . I do not want to learn . see ? the more you drive , the less intelligent you be . in Bud 's car drive through a tunnel bud you know I think I see one of that thing once . one of that ufo . I mean it be really it be kind of kind of scary . I see all this color light and , uh , sound . I mean sound and light like I never hear before . I mean it be really weird . otto Bud . bud yeah ? otto do you think all repo man follow the code ? bud of course . well I mean you see a lot of fuck ( mess ) up car come in but ... 99 time out of 100 it be the customer who fuck ( muck ) they up . asshole ( damn fool ) . Bud in phone booth outside the rodriguez brother ' apartment . bud I be offer a thousand dollar for he falcon . you know what that be napoleon ? it 's a bribe . napoleon who the hell be this ? napoleon ? who the fuck ( hell ) be you call ? bud it 's a grand if you show I where he car be napoleon . [ napoleon ahh . go fuck yourself asshole . ] bud hello ? prick ( jerk ) . Inside the rodriguez brother ' place , napoleon look at repo sheet on malibu , which marlene bring to they . napoleon sixty -four chevy malibu . twenty grand . bud wait ! napoleon we could buy ten of they for that , marlene . marlene think you can find it now ? bud in the STREET I be not go anywhere . napoleon now how come this junk be worth so much ? what 's in it ? drug ? bud in the STREET get all night amigo ! lagarto Los hermanos rodriguez do not approve of drug . marlene neither do I , but it 's my birthday . bud in the STREET I be go to get you . [ marlene that motherfucker 's still down there . ] Bud in the street in front of the rodriguez brother 's house bud do not care how long it take , dildo ( jerk ) . repo man 's get all night every night . Brothers make paper airplane of repo sheet and float it down to Bud . Bud pick it up and read it . bud twenty thousand dollar . agent rogersz listen to leila and otto on the phone otto hey leila ! all right , um , this be otto . the guy who give you a ride and stuff . I hear something about that car . leila and otto at the United fruitcake outlet leila take otto into a cinderblock room which have a neon sculpture on the wall and in the center of the room , stand on a pedestal , be a humorous statue of what could be a humanoid type alien . leila otto. otto stop . you say you have something to tell I . leila otto ? otto ! otto huh ? leila what do you want to tell I ? otto oh ! take off you clothes . leila I be at work , otto ! otto oh yeah ? I too . leila you work be different than mine . otto say who ? otto take down he pants ( accord to the filmmaker , estevez enjoy do this on a regular basis . maybe they be just joke ? ) . leila what be you do .? do not do that . [ otto well the least you could do be give I a blow job . leila slap otto otto heh , I guess that mean no . ] deadra leila ? we have a cell meeting in two minute time . leila thanks deadra . I will be right there . Bud and lite park in they car side by side bud see that motherfucker ( melonfarmer ) only think I do not know what 's go on , lite . as soon as I find that chevy I be go indy . I be go to buy myself a tow truck , a couple of pitbull , and run a yard . sit around and watch everybody else do the work for a while ( change ) . lite light up a roach . lite no way you can do that on twenty grand man . bud the hell I can as long as you have good credit and my credit be spotless . the hell I can not , as long as you credit record 's good and mine be spotless . ) lite if I find the malibu , you will not see I for dust , I be go to move to mendecino County , raise I a bumper crop of tomato plant . Bud and otto in a car bud credit be a sacred trust . it 's what we free society be found on . you think they give a damn about they bill in Russia ? I say do you think they give a damn about they bill in Russia ? otto they do not pay bill in Russia . it 's all free . bud all free ? free my ass , what be you a fuck ( flippin ) commie ? huh ? otto no I be not no commie . bud well you would better not be I do not want any commy in my car . no Christians either . chevy malibu exit car wash and pull up to gas pump . that 's director Alex Cox wiping the car as it pull away from the car wash and over to the pump . the pump at the gas station say " Pace Gas " . next to the pump be a campaign poster for Harry Pace , run for City Council . this poster appear elsewhere in the film . in he poster , Harry Pace have a happy face . kevin I will deal with you later . I have get a customer to attend to . you too . Kevin walk over to malibu . kevin hi! I be Kevin . vacuum sir ? kevin need a vacuum sir ? parnell run finger through hair and pull out a clump . J. frank parnell have you any machine ? kevin you do not want to eat from a machine . look , there 's a nice Del Taco across the street . they have get enchurrito and everything . J. frank parnell but I do want to eat from a machine . vend food contain all the necessary nutrient for survival . taste damn good too , by golly . and plus , on any give evening , the machine that last night give you cheetos might dispense instead ... dorito . yohos. oreos. tosquitos ( tostito ? ) . or lorna doone . kevin lorna doone ? I love lorna doone . parnell walk off screen and we hear puke sound . kevin oh hey ! you want I to check the trunk ? scuze I . lagarto and napoleon pull up in a car one other side of pump . latino music play on they car radio . kevin hi! I be Kevin ! napoleon hey buddy ! how you do ? huh ? hey do not you remember I ? I be here yesterday . heh . listen I think I leave a book of match over in you office over there . you want to go and check for I huh ? kevin sure thing . napoleon hey thanks a lot buddy . kevin any thing for you babe . napoleon all right , you be beautiful . I love you . kevin I will be right back . lagarto get in the malibu and both car drive off . Kevin return from inside and see both car go . two other attendant sit at a table and also look ; the attendant on the right be director Alex Cox . kevin what ?? shot of car drive down freeway , pass by several motorcycle . otto and Mrs. Parks in Mrs. Parks ' live room otto it 's really very simple Mrs. Parks . you do not want I to take you car and I do not want to take you car . now I say to the boss I say ah look ! I do not want to repossess this lady car . sound of motorcycle pull up outside of house . mrs . park well I have be in the hospital you see . otto yeah , yes I understand . my job be really on the line over this one . I could lose it right away . mrs . park I will see if I can borrow some money from somewhere . otto that 's terrific . really terrific . Mrs. Park 's son and he fellow band member enter mrs . park oh how be the rehearsal son ? mrs . park ' son it be o.k . who 's this ? mrs . park oh this be Mr. otto . he 's from the finance company . he 's be tell I that he be not go to take the car this time , even though he could . otto well , uh , gotta get go here . otto fumble nervously with he briefcase try to close it . mrs . park do you like the tea ? otto the tea ? mrs . park uh huh ? otto yeah , it be terrific . otto thank you mrs . park you be welcome . otto uh excuse I . otto walk outside and get in car . from outside we hear Mrs. Parks yell at she son . mrs . park I give you the money last week to pay it and you do not do it . what do you do with it ? I be so tired of give you money and you squandering it . I know what you do you all go out dance some where . that 's what you do . next time I give you some money I want you to put it in the car ya hear . you be work . how come you do not do it huh ? I do not know what 's happen to you . ( continue softly ) otto start car and gun engine , but now we clearly see that the rear wheel be up on jack ( that it be not up on jack before have be list as a goof and even confirm by Alex Cox , but I think they be wrong . it be hard to tell in the dark , but you can see the base of one of the jack light up by a light from the house which go dark as a band member run in front of it on the other side of the car , thus confirm that the car actually be up on jack in all the scene ) . Band member run out of house and pull otto out of car . otto hey it 's cool . it 's cool . I like music too man , hey otto get beat up . one band member hit he twice over the head with a guitar , make a audible " kabong " noise . supposedly you can hear one member say " this one 's for keith Moon " , but I have never be able to make it out . Miller , plettschner and otto in the lot . Miller be chant and dance like a native american as he put a bandage on otto 's head . plettschner some people be not cut out to be repo man . why do not you smarten up kid ? otto fuck ( flip ) you plettschner ! oww ! oww ! plettschner do not you say fuck ( flip ) you to I . do not you know who I be ? otto yeah you be plettschner . plettschner you be fuck ( flippin ) right I be plettschner . otto plettschner . Three time decorate in two world war . I be kill people while you be still swim around in you father 's ball ( gut ) . you little scum bag ! I work five year in a slaughter house and ten year as a prison guard in attica . otto so what ? plettschner so what ? so never say fuck ( flip ) you to I . because you have not earn the rights yet . lite enter lite hey kid I need a contract driver . plettschner see what I mean punk ? otto fuck ( flip ) you ! plettschner fuck you ! ( what ! ) you little scumbag . lite shut up , phlettschner . plettschner do not you ever tell I to shut up . lagarto and napoleon in the malibu they pull up in front of a diner . napoleon shit ( shoot ) ! ( ? ) ! it 's too hot in here man . what the hell 's go on ? so fuck ( flippin ) hot I think that shit in the trunk be go to melt . I think we better take a look , all right ? lagarto go get we two soda . napoleon all right , as soon as I check the trunk . lagarto we be just the mule , comprende ? ( andale ' ) ... lagarto call marlene from phone booth . a sign in the window of the diner behind he say " 2.95 plate o - shrimp luncheon special " . marlene helping hand . lagarto marlene ! we have find the car . archie , Duke , and Debbie exit a window and go down a fire escape [ drop armload of pill as they go ] . behind they , a sign say " Fox &amp ; Mac taggert pharmaceutical company " . duke come on you guy ! duke get the lead out . debbi stop push Duke . [ archie my medication . aw man ! duke aw be cool dude we get more . archie come on . come on . da - dee-dee-dee -dah - dah dee-dee ... ( continue to the tune of the ride of the valkyry ) lagarto on the phone with marlene lagarto yeah well that 's not the only thing marlene . this car be hot . marlene what do you mean ? stolen ? lagarto no . no I mean it 's hot really hot . marlene hot ? lagarto yeah , we be sweat like pig man . marlene I get the papers . where be the car from ? lagarto it 's from someplace . ah roswell , New Mexico archie and Duke run by the malibu . Debbie stop , whistle and get in the car . archie and Duke jump in and they drive off to the sound of a latino version of the ride of the valkyry . lagarto walk out of the phone booth just as this be happen and drop he clipboard in disgust . napolean walk out of the store , silently hand lagarto a soda , and they both stand there and sip they drink through straw . otto and lite in a car the music from bad man be play on the tape deck in lite 's car . lite I fight in a war man ? fuck ( hell ) no way ! nobody 's get to do that shit . not in this country . a new i.d. do not cost no more than a pink slip . you know what I mean ? lite something wrong ? otto you know marlene ? man she 's pretty hot . lite otto my man . I jump on that action from day one . I find out where she be come from . otto see ya back at the yard . lite have fun . otto slimjim car and try to start it . while bend down , window shatter from gunshot . otto oh shit ( damn ) . Holy shit ( smoke ) . lite ! . lite ! lite ! lite ! lite ! open the door . there 's a maniac in there . what be you do ? open the door man ! what be you do ? what be you do ? open the door . lite ! lite get out and start shoot back . he fire 9 time ( one or two of the shot do not flash like the other ) . lite you be still on the job white boy . get in the car . otto open the door man , open the door . open the door lite . lite get in the car . otto Jesus Christ . ( Holy cripe . ) lite and otto in a field otto you be crazy lite . I mean you can not just shoot into people house . I mean maybe you shot the guy . lite so what if I do ? otto well I do not know I mean that 's pretty severe . lite shoot the gun at otto 's foot . otto drop he beer , get some on he pants . otto Jesus Christ . ( Holy cripe ! ) lite hey ! blanks get the job do too . otto you repo man , you guy be all out to fuckin ( flippin ) lunch . let 's get out of here . leila and J. Frank parnell on pay phone leila on phone hear garble sound on receiver . leila hello . be it you ? this be leila . be you use a scrambler ? J. frank parnell I can not hear you . I be use the scrambler . leila ( garble noise in background ) look out ! J. frank parnell what ? a car swerve into the phone booth , then cross street and hit a fire hydrant . the agent be trap inside by the airbag . more agent appear and chase leila agent happy face ! you want a ride ? in agent rogersz van a agent type while eat potato chip . the camera pan across the van to Agents rogersz , who be watch a monitor which show leila be question leila what do you want from I ? agent we ask the question . leila you be not go to torture I be you ? leila torture you ? what for ? leila to find out what I know . I would torture someone in a second if it be up to I . agent huh ? why be you look for the malibu ? leila because of the trunk . the alien inside . agent illegal alien ? leila no , silly , extraterrestrial . agent ahhh , heh . do you ever think about join the CIA ? leila um . I go to have to ask my boyfriend . agent boyfriend ?? rogersz computer screen print up the follow information subject otto maddox gender male race caucasian age 21 correction 18 a party at the helping Hand yard everybody jingle bell . jingle bell . jingle all the way . oh what fun otto what 's go on ? marlene oh . the usual . plettschner marlene ! how you do baby ? oly Jesus ( golly ) who do that to yeah son ? otto who do what ? plettschner who do what he say . you want to talk about gut . what do you do to you face kid ? otto oh some dude it do not matter . lite oh yes it do . marlene why do not you do something plettschner ? be not you a cop or something ? plettschner hey marlene . I be on my coffee break . bud repo man do not go run to the man marlene . a repo man go at it alone . lite yes sirree bob . marlene just like John Wayne . oly damn right just like John Wayne what 's wrong about that ? plettschner greatest american that ever live . miller John Wayne be a fag ( freak ) . bud what do you say man ? plettschner whaa ? oly what ? [ miller John Wayne be a fag . ] everyone the hell he be . miller he be too you boy . I install two way mirror in he pad in brentwood . and he would come to the door in a dress . plettschner ah , you be fuck ( flippin ) nut . oly that do not mean he be a homo ( freak ) , Miller . lotta straight guy like to watch they buddy fuck ( play ) . I know I do . bud they do ? plettschner yeah . oly do not you ? plettschner damn straight I do . lite fuck ( damn ) John Wayne man . tell we he name you little pussy ( sissy ) . otto kiss off you asshole ( airhead ) . otto ow you bastard ( loony ) ! bud hey take it easy . take it easy . the guy head be hurt . oly this be too personal sonny . the thing be a repo man get beat up in the line of duty . now it do not matter that that man be you . what really matter be that the guy that do it have get to pay the price . now stop be selfish and tell we he name . lite come on . otto ahh oww you bastard ( buzzard ) . otto all right ! all right ! all right ! all right ! o.k. he name be ... the repo man in the front of Mr. humphry 's house they ring the bell and Mr. humphry open the door . in the background , we can just barely see Kevin , who appear to be in he pajamas . this be never explain in the movie . oly Mr. humphry ? mr. humphries yes ? yes I be Mr. humphry . what do you want ? ungghhh ... repo Men beat up Mr. humphry . at the helping Hand acceptance Corporation office t.v . the president admit that U.S. war plane have napalm refugee camp in Southern Mexico . he explain that this camp be in fact guerrilla basis . in strife tear Guatemala shot be fire at the U.S. embassy and government troops retaliate kill 50 ... ( continue in background ) marlene helping hand acceptance corporation . marlene speak . leila hello , be otto there ? marlene it 's for you . a girl . otto yeah . leila hi otto ? it 's leila . otto leila who ? in a bar . Duke , archie , and Debbie enter the bar , check they weapon at the door . the Circle jerk be on stage play when the shit Hit the fan . otto I can not believe I use to like this guy . agent rogersz listen to I ! for the sake of this and future generation you must tell we everything you know . otto yeah . sure . I need another drink . leila otto , this alien be not on ice or anything . they could be start to decay . we have get to find they before they turn into mush . duke well ! well ! well ! if it be not the repo man . archie you look like shit ( snot ) you wanker ( weirdo ) . otto duke. debbi. archie . I would like you to meet leila and she weird friend . duke how you do , asshole ( airhead ) ? archie how come you do not hang out with you friend no more ? [ otto what friend ? duke want some toot dude ? Duke spill he bottle of generic butyl nitrate on the table . Debbie and archie yell and put they nose to the table to sniff it all up . duke I really love ya man . you be my best friend . because you always fuck come to see I while I be in juvie . otto I be busy man . I tell ya I be work . debbi look a metal hand . archie cool ! debbi can we feel it ? archie oh chante . ] duke fuck ( flip ) this let 's go do some crime . [ archie adios butthole . ] leila charm friend you get there otto . otto thanks , I make 'um myself . debbi , archie and Duke leave to find J. Frank parnell break into the malibu debbi hey what you do with we car ? J. frank parnell you car ? archie yeah ! J. frank parnell be you sure ? this look like my car . be there pecan pie in the back seat ? archie not any more . we eat them . duke shut up archie . archie you shut up . duke you be still here ? J. frank parnell my car look just like this . but this be yours , you car ? archie yeah four eye . J. frank parnell of course ... what 's in the trunk ? duke what do you mean ? J. frank parnell you do not even know what 's in you own trunk . debbi kill he Duke ! J. frank parnell you know what ? I think you be afraid to find out . debbi kill he . archie come on Duke you putty butt , kill he . duke I aint afraid of nothing see . J. frank parnell it 's all right I do not blame you for be afraid . duke I say I be not afraid of nothing . I kill people like you . J. frank parnell oh well . I guess you be right . it 's better not to look . J. frank parnell beautiful evening . you can almost see the star . archie oh shut up . duh . he 's go to open it . hahaha duke ah. archie come on Duke . Duke burn he hand on the trunk and wrap a handkerchief around it . duke this thing be hot . archie awww , heh heh heh debbie well we do not have all night . Duke open the trunk a little and a bright light be emitted . debbi push he away . debbi Close it Duke ! no! no ! archie aw. dukie wookie hurt he wittle hand . duke fuck ( flip ) you archie ! just for that you not in the gang any more . archie I be take over now . debbi oh leave it off . archie King archie the invincible . debbie shut up archie . archie hey debbi ! watch this . archie open the trunk and be disintegrated J. frank parnell oh dear , what a shame . debbie come on duke let 's go do that crime . duke yeah . yeah . let 's go get Sushi and , and not pay . napoleon and lagarto in a car pull up along side of J. Frank parnell drive the malibu napoleon hey ! yo ! hey buddy ! napoleon special deputy pull over . special deputy pull over . hey ! the helping Hand repo man in a car [ oly so the department say the ice break and he fall in . bud look at this people man there 's one person in each car . City want up to car pool but nobody give a shit . miller people car pool , we would be out of work . lite aww bullshit ! oly how come that pig 's get a wooden leg ? well say the farmer say about three month ago I be out there walk the pig . miller look at that car . ] lite hey budsky . there 's you girlfriend . bud aww ! that rodriguez brother humm ? o.k. , boy , we have get the whole team here tonight let settle this motherfucker 's ( melonfarmer ) hash for good . lite let 's do it . [ napoleon yo ! pull over . lagarto meda Bud . shit ! ] napoleon do not lose he man . Bud ram into the rodriguez brother ' car while the malibu drive off with a noticable green glow come from inside . plettschner hey ! hey ! take it easy . stop this car . hey come on . come on . the rodriguez brother be force into a parking garage and eventually have to stop the car napoleon come on ! come on ! what be you go to do with that bat ? what ? huh ? what ? lagarto hey ! hey ! hey ! lagarto you bad bud . this be go to cost you plenty . bud what do you mean its go to cost I plenty ? lagarto how 's you neck napoleon ? napoleon oh my neck ? yeah ! oh ! my neck be kill I man . I think I get whiplash . lagarto aside from whiplash , this be not a repo car . [ bud bullshit ! I get the fuck papers on it . ] lagarto we pay it off . you see , uh this be we favorite car . napoleon yeah that 's right . you get insurance ? Bud go after they with a bat but the rest hold he back . bud come on . whose side be you on ? let I go . back at the helping Hand office . plettschner be sit in a corner knitting . a television set on oly 's desk be play the video " elephant part " with Mike nesmith . ov bud this be bullshit ( hokum ) oly . oly yeah yeah that 's what I say when the marshal wake I up at 4 o'clock this morning . unfortunately it be not bullshit ( hokum ) , it 's a summon . bud you should have refuse to accept it . oly have you read it ? the goddamn ( gol - durn ) rodriguez brother be suing we for malicious damage , medical expense and harassment for a car they fuck ( flippin ) own . bud the rodriguez brother . but. ha ! you believe the fuck ( flippin ) rodriguez brother ? they be a couple of scumbag oly . you know that ? oly I know that bud . but we have get to sit down and get we storey straight . bud bullshit ( hogwash ) you be take they word against mine . oly I be there remember ? why do not you go home ? take the rest of the week off . bud take the rest of the ? I can not take the rest of the ... ow yeah ! I un huh I get it . take the flippin rest of the week off budsky . so you can get the flippin twenty thousand dollar for the malibu . oly make it a fuck ( flippin ) month . bud yeah ? well fuck ( flip ) you . oly on second though budsky . do not bother come back at all . bud great ! I will come back and pick up my stuff later when the fuck ( flippin ) place do not stink so bad . plettschner ha ! ha ! ha ! oly shut up ! Bud and otto in Bud 's car otto be drive the car . bud . make you wonder how much they owe . most of they be on the run . do not even use they fuck ( flippin ) social security number . if there be just some way to find out how much the motherfucker ( melonfarmer ) owe and make they pay . otto Jesus Christ ( Holy cow ) bud . they be wino , they do not have any money . you think they would be bum if they do ? bud you want out ? do ya ? otto no ! bud what 's a matter with you ? do not you like you job anymore ? not too happy in you job ? I mean I feel like be not communicate any more . when we first start out I though I could teach you something share something with you for Christ 's sake . answer I ! otto get out and walk down street . pass agent pick up dead body . agent ( hear in background ) I be pick up the dead . I be put my hand around this dead body . I be , I be carry he limp torso to the truck . and he feel like like he have only be dead a little while but ... otto see the malibu and give chase . lose the car , he stop on a bridge to puke . when do , he see the malibu emerge from under the bridge . he run down the stair and after the malibu as it go through a railroad crossing which have red light blink and bell ringing . J. Frank parnell stop and let he in . J. frank parnell ( hold out hand ) J. Frank parnell . otto ott , ott ... J. frank parnell what line of work you in ? otto be , be , be .. J. frank parnell rock and 'roller , eh !? I use to be a musician myself , college day . of course it be folk song and protest song back then . ( begin sing , badly ) we shall overcome , we shall overcome ... otto cough . J. frank parnell ( stop sing and scratch ear ) do you ever feel as if you mind have start to erode ? otto no. J. frank parnell ever be to Utah ? otto nuh-uh J. frank parnell I go to Utah every year . friend of mine , be a designer of the mx missile race track base mode . a hundred thousand mile of railroad track on a big loop through Utah , Arizona , and nevada . bomb be go to hide in locomotive shed . that way the red team would never know exactly where they be . I still go out to Utah , just to think about the way thing might have be . otto sir. I represent the helping Hand acceptance Corporation . J. frank parnell Radiation , yes indeed ! you hear the most outrageous lie about it . half - baked goggle - box do - gooder tell everybody it 's bad for you . pernicious nonsense ! everybody could stand a hundred chest x-ray a year . they ought to have them too . when they cancel the project it almost do I in . one day my mind be literally a-burst . the next day nothing . swept away ... but I show they . I have a lobotomy in the end . otto lobotomy ? be not that for loony ? J. frank parnell not at all . a friend of mine have one . designer of the neutron bomb . ever hear of the neutron bomb ? destroy people . leave building stand . it fit in a suit case . it 's so small no one know it 's there until blammo . eye melt skin explode everybody dead . it 's so immoral work on the thing can drive you mad . that 's what happen to this friend of mine . so he have a lobotomy . now he 's well again . otto what kind of car do you ... do you friend drive ? J. frank parnell chevy malibu . otto and you do the same type of work ? J. frank parnell do not I tell you ? I can not tell you what I do . I be classified . otto this be really a nice old car . why do not you let I drive ? J. frank parnell what do you mean ? otto well I do not know . I mean ...uh ! do not you feel funny .? J. frank parnell why should I feel funny ? the two hemisphere be fundamentally at odd . hemisphere , hemisphere . you know it 's strange . I do feel funny ... J. Frank parnell pass out at the wheel and drive into the sign at another railroad crossing . otto dump he and drive off with the malibu . the help hand crew at Miller 's with they wife oly by the way kid , sign this . otto what be this ? oly equity turnover . Standard practice . protect you in case we get sue . . . do not read the damn thing , kid , just sign it . Miller have a camera and the flash go off as he accidentally take a picture of himself . repo wife 1 here 's the young new - waver we have all hear so much about . repo wife 2 my old man have a mohawk on he when I meet he . he be in the service then . oly he sign it over to I . but he do nt realize - repo wife 2 my old man be such a monster . I use to have to tell he no . repo wife 1 my old man be exactly the same way until we get marry . lite hey oly . you be wife 's hang all over otto . oly yeah . like fly on shit ( spit ) . otto um. have you see uh bud anywhere ? repo wife 1 who ? Bud and otto in office tv ... another wonderful Christian opportunity . the reverend Larry ... bud hey there hero . get the money yet ? otto not yet . oly 's go to get it for I though . I just sign the papers . bud whu , what do you mean , what papers ? otto beat I , just some , uh , contract or something . bud do not you read it ? otto well , no , just , uh , standard practice , uh , contract ... bud melonfarmer oly ! ...oooh , shoot . otto what , be that not a happen deal ? Bud break into the lot . later , he pick up otto bud hey ace . wait up . otto so you want to talk about it ? bud talk about what kid ? otto why you be so damn mad at I ? bud I be not mad at you . damn . I be not . I be not mad at you . otto all right o.k. Duke and Debbie in car in front of a liquor store [ duke Debbie ? debbie what ? duke I have be think . now that we have get some money and archie 's go , do not you think it 's time we we settle down ? get a little house . I want you to have my baby . debbie why ? duke well I do not know . every body do it . and it just seem like the thing to do and ... debbi asshole . ] duke let 's go do the job . Bud and otto be at the counter . Duke and debbi enter wave gun . otto Duke ! Debbie ! what what be you guy do here ? duke what 's it look like ace ? debbie up against the wall . duke I be go to kill he . I be go to kill he . I be go to kill everybody . ha-ha-ha Bud sneak he gun out . louie see he from down a aisle . louie Drop it motherfucker ( melonfarmer ) . louie now see the other with the gun . Bud wave he back and forth . debbi shoot Bud in the head . bud oww shit ( shoot ) . Duke shoot louie . louie go down but manage to shoot Duke , but then be out of bullet . Duke walk over to louie to finish the job , but the counterman pull out a shotgun and shoot Duke . Debbie shoot the counterman . now only Debbie and otto be leave stand . otto Debbie ah. ah do you , uh , do you think it 's too late uh for we to get romantically involved ? debbie I think a little . otto wait ! wait ! stick with I . I will make you a repo wife . debbi bollock . here. ( toss otto a bag of popcorn ) duke otto ? otto yeah I be here man . duke the light be grow dim . I know a life of crime lead I to this sorry fate . and yet I I blame society . Society make I what I be . otto that 's bullshit ( nonsense ) . you be a white suburban punk , just like I . duke but it still hurt . otto you be go to be all right man Duke puke up some blood . otto maybe not . Agents photograph a dead J. Frank parnell one of this agent be Jimmy Buffet , who be work with Mike nesmith at the time the film be make . agent yep he 's dead all right . agent no doubt about it . agent he 's a goner . agent man . agent rogersz do not touch the body , do not touch the body . agent sorry . agent telephone call for you agent . agent rogersz do not bother I now . agent but agent rogersz , it 's the gipper . agent look . agent Booth 's set he on fire otto enter Parents live room Parents be cover with cobweb and watch tv . reverend larry on tv ... fail to register for patriotic chore . so , please call this toll free number . praise the lord . there be no redemption for the unredeem , no escape for the fair weather patriot . no salvation from the boil blister fire of eternal damnation . now this be the end time . because in this day there shall be hell in time . man shall be lover of they own self rather than lover of God . otto' dad have not see you in a while , Son . tv no escape ... otto' mom some man be just here look for you , otto . tv no salvation from the blister file of eternal damnation . for in this day there shall be hell in time , there shall be war and more war , and earthquake in diverse place ... otto what kind of man ? otto' mom very nice young man . they wear sunglass . otto well , what do you tell they ? do you tell they I be sick ? otto' dad we tell they the truth , son . gave they you address at work . tv money shall run out and the people will line up at the bank and there will not be anything . . . this prophecy be in you bible . the same one that you have in you home . now I want you to get up off of you sofa and put that beer down and go wherever it be in you house pick up that book and turn with I ... otto turn off tv and leave . otto return to the helping Hand yard and see a argument go on in the office agent where 's the car baby ? that chevy malibu baby . where 's the car ? plettschner otto ! otto jeeze . plettschner you get to stay out of this . otto why ? plettschner it 's none of you business . you want to be a hero ? or would you rather be a chicken man ? otto what ? plettschner a chicken man . do you ever see a farmer 's wife ? huh ? otto let go of I ! [ plettschner it 's peaceful man . ] Inside the helping hand office agent 1 the malibu . agent 2 yeah ? otto enter and marlene use the distraction to kick the shit out of the agent . marlene let 's go otto no way marlene . otto my car 's go and we be go to get to the bottom of this . marlene like hell we be . agent 2 not in my face . plettschner hold it marlene . freeze ! marlene drop chair . agent 2 my face ! marlene over my dead body . plettschner that 's how it 's go to have to be . marlene come and get I . come on . plettschner I have be want to do that one for a long time honey . marlene come on . come on . come on if you think you man enough . otto hey fletch . coffee break . otto throw a pot of coffee into plettschner 's face . marlene step through door . otto step outside and be immediately capture by agent . agent rogersz and leila watch otto on monitor agent rogersz good evening otto . this be agent rogersz . I be go to ask you a few question . and since time be short and you may lie , I be go to have to torture you . but I want you to know it be not personal . otto look ah this be not really necessary . I will tell you anything you want to know . agent rogersz good ! where be the malibu ? otto I do not know . somebody rip it from the yard . otto he hit with electric shock and scream . leila I do not think he know . agent rogersz increase the voltage . leila but what if he 's innocent ? agent rogersz no one be innocent . proceed . another electric shock and scream . then marlene and the rodiguez brother enter interrogation room and rescue otto . agent rogersz ah yes ! look at they . High heel , hair net , that ridiculous trench coat . they be pathetic . agent 1 but agent rogersz , they be get away . agent rogersz that 's all part of the plan . Brothers , marlene , and otto drive away . marlene otto , otto pull you self together . otto marlene ? what 's go on ? marlene we be go to the hospital . otto , marlene and the rodriguez brother enter the hospital old lady hey , I know you . you be the one that run into my trash . otto shh ! old lady shhh to you too . otto and marlene enter elevator with 2 health professional . lagarto turn away woman on crutch try to get in . lagarto out of order . take the stair . otto and marlene exit elevator wear clothes take from health professional . otto have a smiley face button on he right collar . note Dr. benway and Mr. Lee be both character from " the nake lunch " otto pull back sheet cover body on gurney and see Kevin . kevin otto ? cut back to er wait room where nurse be talk to patient who have just fill out a form . nurse 1 let I see that . all wrong do it over . old lady they be go through it all the and they will not pick it up . nurse 2 oh well be not that a shame . old lady oh tell you it come to something when they expect you to pick it up . otto and marlene see a door with a pine tree air freshener hang from the knob . it 's Bud 's room . they go in . otto how be you do man ? marlene ask he about the malibu . otto look about the other night . I be sorry I split . I know I should have stay with you but ah it 's like when I be a kid you know I I have this set of big wheel you know . marlene otto ! otto , marlene and the rodriguez brother get chase by the agent down the stair . back in Bud 's room bud shit ( shoot ) . ( start to get up off of the bed ) reverend larry praise the lord . otto , marlene and rodriguez brother drive off and the agent chase they through the parking garage . napoleon go. go. go. napoleon come on . let 's go . as they drive off and agent run after , the glow malibu drive by and strike down two of the agent with lighten bolt . otto dude slow down . agent rogersz block the exit and they be all catch . napoleon all right do not shoot come on all right all right agent Chicken shit ( stuff ) . braak-braak-braak agent rogersz where 's the malibu ? otto do not even ask because I do not know . I mean I do not have it marlene do not have it you and you crazy friend do not have it . so that only leave ... everybody in Bud 's hospital room Bud be go . agent where be he . agent where the fuck ( hell ) be he . they escape the agent . marlene and the brother drive off as otto break into and steal a car . napoleon later ! marlene bye , bye . voice from the radio here 's another weird one . report be come in about apparent hail of ice cube south of downtown . scientist be at a loss to explain the freak shower of tiny cube of ice . otto arrive at helping hand lot while it rain ice cube . Bud be sit in the glow malibu . otto that 's some weird fuck shit ( filthy stuff ) eh Bud ? what 's go on man ? bud shit ( damn ) ! eleven year of repoing car and what have I get ? shit ( zilch ) ! otto Bud listen to I . you be sit in a car worth twenty thousand dollar . look look we we turn it in we take the money and split it sixty forty . you and I .