requiem for a dream screenplay by hubert selby , Jr. and Darren aronofsky base on the novel by hubert selby , Jr. shoot script , 2000 fade in : on the tv - be tappy tibbon , America 's favorite television personality . his charismatic personality shine for the entire world to see . his audience cheer wildly . audience juice by tappy ! juice by tappy ! juice by tappy ! oo0000000h ! tappy 's get juice ! tappy 's get juice ! o00000000h tappy ! tappy tibbon thank you ! thank you vey much ! today 's winner be a flight attendant from Washington DC . will you please welcome Mary - suddenly , the plug be pull . the tv flicker off and we - CUT to : the presentation title , then - CUT to : int . SARA 's live room - day Harry goldfarb , young twenty , be a eccentric kid with a seductive smile . he try to stop he mother , Sara goldfarb , from lock herself in the closet . harry ma! ma! c’mon , ma! SARA harold . please . not again the tv . she slam the door close and Harry talk to the shut door . harry why do you haveta make such a big deal out of this ? eh ? you know you 'il have the set back in a couple of hour . no answer . ( continued ) continued : harry why ya gotta make I feel guilty ? ( frustrated ) ahhh ... Harry walk across the room to the early eighty tv with ridiculous rabbit ear . Sara lock the door and retreat to the back of the closet . Harry start to push the set on its stand when suddenly it jerk - almost fall . Harry spy a thick bicycle chain go from around the tv to the radiator . harry Jesus ! whatta ya tryin' to do , eh ? you tryin' to get I to break my own mother 's set ? or break the radiator ? Harry march to the closet . harry ..an’ maybe blow up the whole house ? you tryin' to make I a killer ? you own son ? you own flesh and blood ? whatta ya doin 's of I ? you own son !!! then , a thin key slowly peek out from under the closet door . Harry work it out with he fingernail and yank it up . harry why do you always gotta play game with my head for krist 's sake ? do not you have any consideration for my feeling ? why do you haveta make my life so difficult ? and then , meekly from the closet - SARA harold , I would not . the chain be not for you . the robber . harry then why do not you tell I ? the set almost fall . I coulda have a heart attack . Sara shake she head in the darkness . SARA you should be well , harold . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) harry then why will not you come out ? Harry try to open the lock closet door but can not . harry see what I mean ? see how you always gotta upset I ? Harry walk to the tv , unlock the chain and start to wheel the tv towards the front door . he pause by the closet . harry ma? ma? C ’mon out ? please , ma. no response . Inside , Sara hug she knee . then , he throw up he hand , mumble - harry eh , screw it . and push the set carefully out of the apartment . in the closet , Sara hear the door shut . she mumble to herself - SARA it 's not happen . and if it should be happen it would be alright , so do not worry , seymour . it ’1ll all work out . you 's 1ll see already . in the end it 's all nice . smash CUT to : black - - and the title : 's requiem for a dream 's title begin - ext . SARA 's apartment - hallway - continuous wait for Harry be tyrone c. Love , young twenty , lean against the wall , play skillfully with a yo-yo . take he time , tyrone help Harry wheel the set to the dingy elevator . tyrone sheeit , this mutha startin’ to look a little seedy , man . ( continued ) 3 continued : 3 harry what 's the matter , ya particular all of a sudden ? tyrone hey , baby , ah do not care if it 's growin’ hair just so 's we get we braid . CUT to : 4 ext . SARA 's build - brighton beach , brooklyn - day 4 line the front of the building in beach chair be ten female yentas absorb the sun and pass judgement on Harry . Harry say hello and be greet by a chorus of fake , sarcastic ' hellos 's in return . CUT to : 5 ext . street of brighton beach and coney island 5 Harry and tyrone carefully navigate the tv through the street of the old Brooklyn neighborhood . they go under the elevate train , past the giant , die project , across the boardwalk , beneath the shadow of the tower parachute jump and through the crack and board - up amusement park . the title end . a hard CUT to : black on the screen in white letter : 's summer 's CUT to : 6 int . pawn shop - day 6 Old and squat Mr. rabinowitz shake he head as Harry and tyrone push the set into he store . he stand behind a cage of bulletproof glass with all of the pawn shop 's possession . mr rabinowitz so look , the table too already . ( continued ) 6 continued : harry hey , what do you want from I ? I can not schlep it on my back . mr rabinowitz you get a friend . tyrone hey man , I be not my leper 's schlepper . Harry chuckle . mr rabinowitz such a son . a goniff . you mother need you like a moose need a hat rack . the pawn shop owner cluck he tongue and slowly count out the money . CUT to : quick hip - hop montage : lighter flick - liquid on spoon sizzle - tourniquet snap - needle suck -hand slap vein-a thunderous rush of liquid - and finally a ecstatic sigh . int . tyrone 's dive pad - later tyrone 's pad be run down but it will do . tight on Harry back - spin a record on the turntable and halting the beat . then he let the other turntable spin and start a new tune . tyrone sheeit , that 's some boss scag , baby . I mean dyn -a-mite . harry yeah , man , something else . Harry calmly watch the record spin . CUT to : int . donut shop - night - later tyrone and Harry sit at the counter of a all - night donut shop , sip hot chocolate and eat chocolate cruller . tyrone ya know what we oughta do , man ? huh ? ( more ) ( continued ) 9 continued : tyrone ( cont 'd ) we oughta get a piece of this brody shit and cut it and off it , ya dig ? harry this stuff 's good enough to cut in half and still get you waste . we could double we money . easy . tyrone that 's right . an’ then we buy a couple a piece a 's we get something 's else goin’ , man . it sure would be righteous . harry in no time we have get a pound of pure straight from sal the geep . tyrone no hassle . that 's all I want , no hassle . just then , a hulk cop sit down on the stool next to Harry . tyrone and Harry both fall silent and slowly sip they hot chocolate . Harry look down at the cop 's gun . it 's maybe six inch from he hand . slowly , he reach over and undoe the safety latch on the cop 's holster . tyrone 's eye fill with fear . the waitress come over and give the cop he office . waitress can I get you a - just then , Harry yank the gun out of the holster . the cop spin around . Harry retreat - cop hey ! hey ! Harry smile as the cop charge . tyrone snicker . then Harry toss the gun over the cop 's head . tyrone catch it . the cop chase tyrone . Harry and tyrone laugh as they toss the gun back and forth just over the frustrated cop 's head . ( continued ) 9 continued : ( 2 ) 9 the cop slip and fall on he ass and we - CUT back to : 10 reality . five minute earlier - 10 waitress anything else ? huh ? tyrone butt Harry . Harry look up at the waitress who stare at he . the tower cop look over as well . waitress well . harry no , no . just the check . the cop return to he donut . CUT to : 11 int . pawn shop - day 11 Mr rabinowitz shake he head as Sara enter . he pull out a ledger book that be label 's Sara goldfarb 's tv’ . mr rabinowitz good evening , Mrs goldfarb . SARA good evening , Mr rabinowitz , though I be not so sure how good it be . and you ? mr rabinowitz uh , so what can I say ? be you want you tv ? SARA yes , if you do not mind . Sara pull a crinkle ten dollar bill out of the corner of she blouse and hand it to Mr rabinowitz . mr rabinowitz Mrs goldfarb , can I ask you a question , you will not be take it personal ? Sara shrug . mr rabinowitz how many year we know each other ? ( more ) ( continued ) 11 12 13 continued : 11 mr rabinowitz ( cont 'd ) ( he nod he head ) who 's to count ? why do not you tell already the police so maybe they could talk to Harry and he would not be steal no more the tv . SARA oooo , Mr rabinowitz , I could not , harold 's my only child . he 's all I have . CUT to : int . SARA 's live room - later 12 Sara chain the tv to the radiator again . she turn on the set , adjust the rabbit ear and watch whatever be on . Sara smile as she settles into she chair . she cermoniously remove the plastic wrapper from around a box of chocolate . immediately , she pull out a chocolate , cover cream and let it dissolve in she mouth . her eye shut in gentle ecstasy . CUT to : ext . seacoast tower - day 13 look straight up at the thirty - storey building with sharp eye be marion . she be beautiful , fresh , and in she young twenty . Harry , with a stack of newspaper under he arm , come up from behind and kiss she on the neck . CUT to : seacoast tower 's foyer Harry randomly press one of countless buzzer . a Old Lady respond a moment later . old lady hello ? who be it ? Harry mumble into the speaker . he and marion try to hold they laughter . old lady who ? Harry mumble again . when the buzzer ring we be on - 14 15 16 17 the elevator 14 - in black - and - white video . a security camera watch Harry and marion jump around as they head to the - top floor 15 ping ! Harry dip he head out the open door . all clear . he grab marion and they dash to the - stairwell 16 - where red , bold warning on the emergency exit roof door threaten alarm if the door be open . marion what do we do now ? Harry pull out a wire from he back pocket and short the alarm . then , he kick the roof door open . White light rush in . CUT to : int . SARA 's live room 17 her phone rrring and Sara lean towards it but she continue to adjust the rabbit ear on she set , tear between the priorty of the two activity . finally , four ring later , she lunge for the phone and flop down in she view chair . she be greet by a cheery Voice . SARA hello ? cheery voice ( off-screen ) Mrs goldfarb ? Mrs Sara goldfarb ? SARA it 's I . speak . the voice be so enthusiastic that she look over to the tv to see if it 's come from there . cheery voice ( off-screen ) Mrs goldfarb , this be lyle russel from malin & block . SARA I be not interested in - ( continued ) 17 continued : 10 . 17 cheery voice ( off-screen ) wait , Mrs goldfarb . I be not sell anything . nothing . I just want to offer you a chance to be on television . SARA Television ? cheery voice ( off-screen ) that 's right , Mrs goldfarb . SARA look , I do not have any - cheery voice ( off-screen ) I be not look for money , Mrs goldfarb . I be call to tell you you have already win . you name be select from a long list of available contestant . you have be choose and you now have a opportunity to be on television . SARA I ? on television ? Sara 's eye light up . lyle russel ( off-screen ) that 's right , Mrs goldfarb . you on television . SARA I never think I have be on television . I be just a - lyle russel ( off-screen ) malin & block discover contestant for most of America 's favorite television show . SARA qoooooo ... I ... I ... on ... oh T can not ... lyle russel ( off-screen ) yes , Mrs goldfarb , you . ( more ) ( continued ) 17 18 19 11 . continued : ( 2 ) 17 lyle russel ( cont 'd ) congratulation ! I can not tell you why you be so lucky , but you be . congratulation ! Sara fall against the back of the view chair , one hand clutches desperately at the phone , the other on top of she dress . her eye bulge , she mouth hang open . lyle russel ( off-screen ) you will receive all necessary information in the mail , Mrs goldfarb . Goodbye and ... God bless . click ! Sara try to catch she breath . she awaken from she ecstasy when the phone beep its off - the-hook sound . int . SARA 's bedroom - a bit later 18 Sara pick up a frame photo . the picture be take on Harry 's high school graduation day year ago . Harry , in the middle , be a eighteen - year - old in cap and gown . Sara 's husband seymour hover over Harry 's leave shoulder . on Harry 's right be a young - look Sara . she be thirty pound lighter , have brilliant red hair and wear a red dress and gold shoe . Sara stare at she outfit . then she rush to the closet . as she hum a tuneless monotone , she carefully pull out the last dress on the hook . she ceremoniously remove the dry-clean plastic and smile at she red dress . she put it on . in the mirror she look over one shoulder and then the other . she try to zip up the back , but after half a inch and many minute of exertion she give up . on she hand and knee , she search through mound of shoe for the special pair . she pull out the gold shoe and dust they off . shakily , Sara put they on . she smile at herself in the mirror . CUT to : ext . roof - day 19 Harry and marion throw paper airplane down on the die amusement park . harry but why you so hard on you folk ? I mean , they give you the bread for rent , money for the shrink - ( continued ) 19 20 12 . 19 marion they bug I . they be fuck hypocrite . Harry shrug - no big deal . marion like they be in that big house with all they car and money . they pay I off so they do not have to deal with I . they pay off charity to deal with they racism . then we 'il see how liberal they be when I come home with a black guy . harry you know what you gotta do . marion yeah . harry you gotta get away from they . marion how ? harry what about you clothes ? maybe you could sell they . open a store . marion I can not . harry why ? marion when will I have time to hang with you ? a deserve kiss . CUT to : ext . ada 's apartment - hallway - continuous 20 barely wear she red dress , knock on a door . ada , a orange-haired woman Sara 's age , answer the door . ada so where 's the party ? ( continued ) 20 21 22 23 13 . continued : 20 SARA Party , schmarty . this be like all the party . when I tell you , you 'il jump out the window . ada a basement window , I hope . CUT to : int . SARA 's bedroom 21 ada try to stuff Sara into she red dress but it be not happen . ada well , I have a great diet book . SARA Zophtic . CUT back to : ext . emergency exit door 22 marion grab Harry 's short - circuit wire . Harry , who 's already inside , look at he girl 's mischievous eye . harry marion ! Harry get it . he smile . then , marion yank the wire . alarm scream !!! Harry and marion bolt to the - top floor 23 - where both elevator charge the top floor . marion they be come . Harry grab marion 's hand and pull she down the hallway . Dead end . Harry and marion squeeze against the doorway -- fight the urge to crack -up . then : ping ! -- the elevator . a Security Guard charge out . Harry and marion hold they breath . the Guard head straight for the staircase . ( continued ) 23 24 25 26 27 14 . continued : 23 then we criminal charge -- the elevator 24 -- and in black - and - white video make out all the way down . then : ext . seacoast tower - day 25 Harry and marion burst out of the front door laugh , alarm ringing behind they . CUT to : int . SARA 's mailbox - day 26 the mailbox open and Sara disappointedly peer into the empty darkness . CUT to : int . SARA 's apartment 27 Sara sit in she view chair watch television and read she diet book as she slide herself a chocolate . the diet book be call 's ten pound in ten day . 's she flip through about a hundred page of introduction until she come to the word , ' first week . 's she stare at the page and suddenly she become concerned . she reach for a chocolate - cover caramel as we read the page with she : breakfast 1 hard - boil egg 1 / 2 grapefruit 1 cup black coffee ( no sugar ) lunch 1 hard - boil egg 1 / 2 grapefruit 1 / 2 cup lettuce ( no dress ) Cup Black coffee ( no sugar ) dinner 1 hard - boil egg 1 /2 grapefruit 1 cup black coffee ( no sugar ) ( continued ) 27 28 15 . continued : 27 note : drink at least 2 quart of water each day . Sara stare and chew her eye focus on the word , ' no 's ' 1 , 's and ' 1 / 2 's . they focus on the repetition of meal . they focus on the insanity , search for the real information between the line . she hear a giggle and turn to look at the refrigerator . the fridge tremor slightly -- a small mechanical rattle . defeat , she drop the book and reach for another chocolate . her head start to hang and tear begin to well up in she eye . but then she notice something on the television . tappy tibbon now , let 's meet we next winner . straight from Brighton Beach , Brooklyn , let 's give juicy welcome to Mrs Sara goldfarb . there she be ! herself dress in red , she hair gorgeous red , walk across the screen , so slim , so trim , so sexy . such curve . this be Red Sara . we Sara 's tear fade as she chin lift and she begin to smile . she watch Red Sara pose for the television audience . she can hear the applause and the wolf whistle . she put the chocolate away and lift up the book -- new hope . CUT to : int . marion 's apartment - midsummer day 28 Bright , summer sun shoot through the window and scream across marion 's live room floor until it slow and fall upon Harry and marion . they be asleep , fully dress in each other 's arm . the racing sound of the outside midday summer traffic dissipate and they be alone in a vacuum of melodious heartbeat and deep breath . CUT to : 29 30 16 . int . SARA 's apartment - day 29 ada strip Sara 's hair with a smelly home - make peroxide concoction at the sink . they be position so that they can both watch the tv set from the corner of they eye . SARA ech , what a smell . that 's the gawanus Canal ? ada just relax , dolly , you get a long way to go . you 's 1ll get use to it . SARA get use to it ? I be almost lose my appetite . they chuckle . SARA when 's lunch ? bigger laugh . ada sweetie , we be lucky if we be finish before supper . SARA so long ? ada that 's right . with you we be start from scratch one . SARA and I think I would catch a little sun today . ada in a box you 'il catch it . you just relax and think how gorgeous you x11 look with you red hair . today the hair , tomorrow the sun . CUT to : int . marion 's kitchen 30 marion straighten up the kitchen . Harry be spin some record on he portable turntable . tyrone play with he yo - yo . ( continued ) 30 17 . continued : 30 marion anybody wanna waste some time ? marion pull out three pill . Harry and tyrone each grab one . ingestion ... wide shot of the kitchen in time lapse . the next three - minute scene be actually a three - hour event as Harry , marion and tyrone hang out . we listen to they at normal , if not slightly slowed down , speed . harry I be starve . tyrone yeah , I too , get I a snicker . harry damn , ty , do not you eat anything except snicker ? tyrone yeah , chuckle . ah dig chuckle . marion you sure as hell do not know anything about eat , man . harry what you need be some good noodle soup . tyrone sheeit , pepsi and snicker 'il take care of anything . harry and maybe some bread . tyrone I prefer the type that go in my pocket not my mouth . harry exactly . angel tell I about a job -- in the flash of a eye , Harry change record after record , tyrone roll a joint and marion light some candle . tyrone a job ! hah ! marion what ? you lose a bet ? ( continued ) 30 31 18 . continued : ( 2 ) 30 ; tyrone ( giggle ) ; ; damn , this be a righteous chick , Jim . harry no , we get this idea . tyrone have this connection , brody , with some dynamite shit . if we can get some cash together we can get a piece , cut it up and make a fortune . tyrone soon we could get a pound of pure and retire . harry we have get off hard knock and be on easy street . someone be at the door . marion answer it and seven friend pile in . everyone be in time lapse and everyone be party . we watch and listen to the evening 's festivity until -- marion what 's the catch ? suddenly , the racing kitchen clock stop . CUT to : int . SARA 's bathroom - day 31 Sara stare in the mirror , blink at she ridiculously orange hair . it 's nowhere near red . SARA that 's red ? ada well , it 's not exactly red but it 's almost , maybe , in the same family . SARA the same family ? they be not even distant cousin already . ada it 's a red . not a red red , but a red . ( continued ) 31 continued : SARA Red ? you be tell I this be a red ? ada yeah . I be tell . it 's a red . SARA then what 's orange ? if this be a red I want to know what 's orange . 19 . 31 ada look at Sara 's hair , then she reflection , then back to Sara 's hair and then back to she reflection . she purse she lip and shrug . ada well , it could be a little orange , too . SARA a little orange ? it 's a little orange like be a little pregnant . ada ( shrug ) so what 's to worry ? it 'il be alright . SARA what 's to worry ? someone may try to juice I . ada relax , relax , dolly . it just need a little more dye . it 'il be alright for television . SARA all day long , I be get my scalp scrape and burn and smell like dead fish and I look like a basketball . ada relax . you should learn to relax . that 's you trouble , you do not know how to relax already . I be tell you it 's alright . tomorrow we 'il do it again and you 'il look like Lucille Ball . ada lead Sara away from the mirror . CUT to : 20 . 32 int . marion 's apartment - day 32 ( Post -sex ) + ( pre-sleep ) = ( intimate talk ) harry you know something ? I have always think you be the most beautiful woman I have ever see . marion really ? harry since the first time I meet you . marion that 's nice , Harry . that really make I feel good . harry good for you ego , eh ? marion well , I can not say that it do it any harm , but that 's not what I mean . it make I feel good all over , like ... well , you know lot of people tell I that and it 's meaningless , completely meaningless . harry you mean because you think they be put you on ? marion no , no , nothing like that . I do not know or care if they be . I guess maybe they really mean it , but from they it just do not mean anything to I . when you say it , I hear it . you know what I mean ? I really hear it . harry someone like you could really make it alright for I . marion you think ? harry yeah . I have be think ... Harry drift off . marion 's interest be spark . ( continued ) 32 33 21 . continued : 32 marion what ? Harry look at marion . a beat . then he get the courage . he jump out of bed . harry here . he pull marion . she laugh : marion what ? CUT to : int . marion 's kitchen 33 Harry in a shirt stand over marion who 's wrap in a sheet . they lean a pause . over a folder on the kitchen table . marion what be it ? harry you remember when I tell you about the store . well , I have be think about it . I put together some number and it 's not impossible . I think you can do it . we should do it . we can do it together . marion how long have you be think about this ? harry not so long . since we start hang out . marion think . marion it 's a great idea . harry yeah ? marion it be . let 's do it . let 's open it in the city . how do we start ? ( continued ) 33 34 35 22 . continued : 33 harry well , first I and ty gotta get money for the piece and then -- marion I 'il get it . harry Nah . marion no , I can . harry really ? how ? marion how do you think ? my fuck parent . a laugh . and then they hug and kiss gently . Harry pull he face back a few inch from marion 's . harry I think I be fall in love with you . marion think ? tight shot and quick cut as Harry kiss the tip of marion 's nose , then she eyelid , then she cheek and she soft lip , she chin , she neck and lastly she ear lobe . then he whisper in she ear : harry marion , marion , I love you . fade to blinding white -- then : int . SARA 's mailbox - day 34 we pull out of the white and into Sara 's mailbox . she peek in -- empty . CUT to : int . SARA 's kitchen - day 35 tight on kitchen clock tick normally . on Sara 's breakfast -- one hard - boil egg , half a grapefruit and a mug of black coffee . ( continued ) 35 36 37 38 23 . continued : 35 on the direction in Sara 's diet book . on Sara -- blink at she ' meal 's , a sigh . we watch as she try to enjoy she breakfast . after the food be go she fill a glass of water . as she sip it , she notice she hand reach for something -- something more to eat . tight on the kitchen clock tick real slow . her timex the same . we see she eye , she lip , she twitching finger . a quick glimpse at the fridge . she grab she stomach and say to it : SARA stop already . ( then to herself ) you ’1l1 feel better in the red dress than a cheese danish . CUT to : int . marion 's bathroom 36 marion throw some cold water on she face . she look at she naked body in the mirror . she feel lifeless , drab and dead . quick cut : tinfoil crinkle , powder sprinkle , lighter flick , smoke drift , straw suck , a pleasure sigh ... once again , marion look in the mirror . now she look alive and glorious . Ray of golden light encase she body in a gentle glow . she cup she hand under she breast and smile as she turn and pose , admire they size and firmness . " not bad , 's she think . CUT to : int . SARA 's mailbox - day 37 nothing . CUT to : int . SARA 's apartment 38 Sara try to watch tv but the fridge beckon she . ( continued ) 38 39 24 . continued : 38 tight on the kitchen clock , slowly , slowly tick . the fridge shudder . frustrate , Sara grab she fold chair and head out . CUT to : ext . SARA 's build - day 39 the outside of the building be line with the old yentas sit in beach chair catch the sun . a few have reflector and stare up at the sun . Sara exit she building and let the sun hit she hair . her friend rae say something first . rae ada tell we . it 's gorgeous . SARA thank you . we be make it a little darker tomorrow . rae so why darker ? SARA to match my red dress . rae but now it 's look like Lucille Ball . SARA but I be not . but soon ... I be ona diet . ada yes , she be . yenta # 1 Cottage cheese and lettuce ? ada no. rae what diet you on ? SARA egg and grapefruit . rae oi vay . I be on that once . lot of luck , dolly . ( continued ) 39 continued : 25 . 39 SARA it 's not so bad . rae how long you be on already ? SARA all day . rae all day ? it 's one o'clock . SARA so , I be think thin . now , old Mrs. scarlini pipe up . mrs scarlini my rosie lose fifty pound like that almost . yenta # 1 like that ? SARA like what ? mrs scarlini poof . rae you put she in a sweat box ? mrs scarlini a doctor . he give she pill . it make you not want to eat . yenta # 1 so what 's so good about that ? you mean I be sit here not think about chop liver and pastrami on rye ? mrs scarlini with a slice of onion and mustard . yenta # 2 herring . yenta # 1 herring ? yenta # 2 yeah , herring . in sour cream . ( more ) ( continued ) 39 40 26 . continued : ( 2 ) 39 yenta # 2 ( cont 'd ) when the sun go behind the building I be have a nosh . ada you should not talk like that when someone 's on a diet . SARA eh , big deal . I x11 sneak a extra piece of lettuce . I be think thin . rae the mailman ... just then , the mailman arrive . Sara pick up she chair and follow he into the building . ada , rae and the other yentas follow Sara . SARA goldfarb . goldfarb . I know you have something for goldfarb . mailman let 's see . not much around here except at the beginning of the month with the social security check . SARA but I be expect something -- mailman here we go . something for goldfarb , Sara goldfarb . he hand she a thick manila envelope . CUT to : int . SARA 's apartment 40 the yentas follow Sara into the apartment . yenta # 2 flip on the tv , someone else start a pot of coffee . ada so let 's see . yenta # 1 open it , open it . Sara carefully open the envelope . she take out a questionnaire . rae so when do you go on ? ( continued ) 40 27 . continued : 40 SARA they decide after you send this form . ada oh , it 's so exciting . the other woman murmur they excitement , too . ada take the application from Sara and place it on the table . ada ok , ok . you sit , dolly and just answer the question . Sara , a bit nervous , sit down . ada give she a pencil and lean over she shoulder . the yentas crowd around . ada name ? easy enough . s-a-r-a g-o-1l-d - f-a-r-b. SARA you call that a question ? that kind I take six at once . the yentas laugh as Sara carefully print she name . ada address . SARA a breeze . Sara fill out question after question until : ada uh-oh . SARA what ? what ? ada date of birth . SARA so now you be get personal . ok , I 'il tell you . she fill it in . ada Age ? SARA so now you want I to count for you ! ( continued ) 40 41 28 . continued : ( 2 ) 40 ada marital status ? SARA ( smile ) wanting , need . how about if I win Robert redford ? a big laugh . ada sex ? a bigger laugh . SARA please ? the biggest . ada that 's it , dolly . Sara hold the paper against she chest and say a short prayer . the yentas respect she silence . then she carefully fold it and place it in the self - address envelope . she seal it and hold the flap down for many second . then she put it on she chair and sit on it , just to make sure it 's seal . next she toss she head and shoulder at the refrigerator and say to it : SARA who need you ? CUT to : ext . SARA 's build - a moment later 41 Sara march out of the building wave the envelope . the yentas follow they friend . victorious , they march to the mailbox . yenta # 1 I wonder when you 'il hear ? ada maybe they 'il send you to tavern on the Green , that 's where they send all the star . ( continued ) 41 42 29 . continued : 41 SARA I be eat egg and grapefruit at tavern on the Green . the lady laugh as they follow they hero , they savior , they victor . suddenly , the envelope begin to glow . it glow a brilliant white . at the mailbox Sara kiss the envelope and drop it in the mail slot . she close the lid and then open it to make sure it have drop into the box . and then the lady huddle around Sara as _ the blue mailbox begin to radiate and bathe they in a cool blue light . the yentas ' ooooh 's and ' ahhh 's . CUT to : int . tyrone 's dive pad 42 tyrone be on the phone with brody 's henchman . Harry sit at the table count twenty into a small , neat pile . tyrone dynamite ? dynamite . dynamite ! alright , we 's on the way . tyrone hang up . tyrone brody 's man say it 's real fine shit . harry alright . here we go . tyrone here we go . harry ( serious ) let 's do this right . tyrone naturally . tyrone take the money and slap Harry five . exit tyrone . Harry spin some vinyl , roll a joint , spark it and take a few poke . he start groove with the music as he nervousness dissolves . then something be off and Harry feel it . he stop the turntable . ( continued ) 42 43 44 30 . continued : 42 suddenly , it 's a sunny day in tyrone 's bedroom . the back wall be go and stretch into the sea be -- the coney island pier 43 now , strolling with a baby carriage be a woman in a red dress . it 's marion . Harry watch she from tyrone 's apartment . he call for she but she keep go . he chase after she . he 's try to get a glimpse into the carriage . finally , marion hear he and she spin around . she smile and wave . she reach into the carriage to pick something up . Harry be almost with she . he keep run . and just as he 's about to get a peek , he stop . he hear a key in a lock . he spin round and we -- CUT back to : int . tyrone 's dive pad - now 44 tyrone enter the room with a big -ass , shit -eatin’ grin on he face . he drop a little package on the table . tyrone there it be , Jim . harry huh ? tyrone there it be . Harry snap out of it and he look at the package . tyrone shall we try ? harry wait , ty. this be we chance to make it big and I mean really big . we do not have to be dealin’ in no petty - ass piece all we life . we play it right a 's we can get a pound of pure , but if we get waste we 's 11l fuck it up . ( continued ) 44 45 46 31 . continued : 44 tyrone right , on , baby , ahm not jivin 's you . ah doan 's want to be runnin 's no street the res’ of mah life in no rip sneaker , mah nose runnin’ down to mah chin . all we gotta do be have a little taste so we know how much to cut it . harry Fair enough . palm slap , then : flick , sizzle , snap , suck , slap , rush , sigh ... and : flick , sizzle , snap , suck , slap , rush , sigh ... tyrone and Harry look at each other with flush face and hang head . they grin at each other . tyrone sheeit ... then they laugh and laugh and laugh . CUT to : ext . boardwalk - day 45 marion sit in front of the wonder wheel watch the summer crowd play . she unpack the shopping bag next to she . she pull out some sketch pad , pencil , charcoal and a sharpener . she stare at the blank page . a moment later , she begin to sketch . CUT to : int . SARA 's apartment 46 Sara sit in she chair try to watch tv . but she can not concentrate . the kitchen clock tick terribly slowly . so do she timex . everywhere she look in the room steaming hot food appear . over there , by she plant , be a bacon doublecheese burger . then over there , by the lamp , be a chocolate - cover eclair . ( continued ) 46 47 48 32 . continued : 46 she grab a glass of water and downs it . she turn to the fridge . it shudder at she . she scream at it : SARA shut up ! suddenly the fridge door become transparent . she can see all the produce in she stuff fridge beckone she . she turn away and go into -- the bedroom 47 she flip off the light and try to sleep . she close she eye but they pop open . then slowly she beige ceiling disappear and turn into a clear blue sky with puffy , white cloud . then it dissolves into a sizzling , juicy pizza - pie . Sara twist and turn . then the pie turn into a chocolate - cover cherry . then it become a bagel smother with lox , onion and crown with a healthy slice of tomato . there 's no hope . Sara sit up in she bed and reach for the phone . she dial . mrs scarlini ( off-screen ) hello ? SARA Louise , it 's Sara . I need the number of that doctor . CUT to : int . marion 's apartment 48 on Harry look hollow . harry why do you have to see he for krist 's sake ? cut the son of a bitch loose . marion be dress herself up in front of the mirror . she look like a million buck in a chic black dress . she carefully apply she lipstick . marion I do not want he mention to my parent that I have stop therapy . ( more ) ( continued ) 48 49 33 . continued : 48 marion ( cont 'd ) they be already piss at I and they be think of cut I off . marion turn and touch Harry 's face tenderly . marion sweetheart , I be not go to sleep with he . he 's get some issue with womanly blood so I tell he I be on the rag . he 's plan on go home after the concert . Harry try not to sulk , but he chin dip . then marion chuckle but Harry do not respond . suddenly , she hug he and squeal with absolute glee . marion oh Harry , you be jealous ! Harry half - heartedly try to push she away but marion do not let he . marion come on , sweetheart , put you arm around I , come on , please !? please !? she lift he hand and put they on she shoulder as she snuggle deeper into he . then she start kissing he on the ear , eyelid and neck and soon he start to giggle . harry come on , stop , stop you crazy girl or I 'il bite you on the throat . they laugh as they tickle each other and cover each other in kiss . CUT to : int . raoul 's cafe - night 49 a fancy french pretension -- two plate of frog 's leg , two glass of cinzano with twist , and a stun marion with a dumpy Arnold the shrink . arnold the shrink I be disappointed that you be indispose . marion be anita out of town or something ? ( continued ) 49 50 51 34 . continued : 49 arnold the shrink why do you ask ? marion I be just curious if she 's ' indispose 's . arnold the shrink ( take aback ) marion . no she 's fine . marion can I ask you something personal , Arnold ? arnold the shrink what be it ? Arnold lean in . then she fuck with he . she tell he he 's get something on he face when he do not . she torture he until all she can do be laugh . CUT to : ext . project - night 50 sodium streetlight pop as tyrone cold lamp by a beat - up bodega . a black hand slap tyrone money . the money slide into he pocket . tyrone 's eye swish leave then right . he slip something out from behind the tire of a park car . and slap a bag of white powder back . pop , slap , slide , swish , slip , slap ! again . and again . and again . CUT to : ext . other side of the project - night 51 neon crackle as Harry chill outside a otb . a white hand slap Harry money . the money slip into he pocket . Harry 's eye swish right then leave . he clink something out of a trash can . and he slap a bag of white powder back . crackle , slap , slip , swish , clink , slap ! again . and again . and again . CUT to : 52 53 35 . int . marion 's apartment - later 52 Harry spin marion around . harry we be on we way , baby , we be really on we way . marion Harry . harry it be great out there . everyone 's thirsty . marion I be so glad . and baby , I be draw again . I be draw . I can not stop . marion take out she sketchbook . she show he she sketches . Harry and marion lean into each other , suddenly hugging each other , kissing , dream and believe . CUT to : int . doctor pill 's examining room 53 a skinny nurse weight and measure Sara skinny nurse how be you ? SARA Fine , that 's why I be here . they both laugh . the nurse take Sara 's blood pressure . skinny nurse how 's you hearing and vision ? SARA I have both . the nurse laugh again . skinny nurse now , wait just a minute . the nurse smile and leave . a moment later , Doctor pill enter . he look at the chart the nurse fill out and then he smile at Sara . ( continued ) 53 54 55 56 57 58 36 . continued : 53 doctor pill I see you be a little overweight . SARA a little ? I have fifty pound I be willing to donate . doctor pill we can take care of that , no problem . CUT to : hip - hop mini - montage 54 tights of dope be cut , plastic bag be fill , tyrone and Harry deal , marion sketching and sewing , Harry and marion kissing , Harry spin tune , flick , sizzle , snap , suck , slap , rush , sigh and crinkle , sprinkle , flick , drift , suck , sigh ... CUT to : int . tyrone 's closet 55 Harry and tyrone neatly stuff a shoe box full of money . they put a rubber band around the box and hide it in the back of the closet . Harry give tyrone five , tyrone give Harry five . CUT to : int . empty store - day 56 in photograph , a straight Real estate agent show Harry and marion around the empty store . outside 57 the agent snap a photo of the lover in front of the store . CUT to : int . sara' kitchen 58 on the table in front of she be four bottle of pill and the instruction . SARA purple in the morning . Red in the afternoon . Orange in the evening . ( more ) ( continued ) 58 59 60 37 . continued : 58 SARA ( cont 'd ) ( to the refrigerator ) that 's my three meal , Mr smarty pant . ( then to herself ) Green at night . just like that . one , two , three , four ... she pop a purple : a pill cap pop off , pill hit hand , mouth gulp , pill cap snap on . then she head to the fridge and make herself a smoke fish and cream cheese sandwich on a onion kaiser roll . she show off to the fridge as she devour it . then she make a cup of coffee : a empty pot tinkle into place , the coffee perk , the coffee drip , and then Sara slurp , slurp , slurp . she pick up the remote and flip on the set but she can not seem to sit down , so she head outside with she chair . CUT to : int . SARA 's mailbox - day 59 she peek in for anything -- nothing . CUT to : int . coney island arcade 60 marion and Harry play skeeball . marion hit a fifty and smile . Harry stop play . harry yeah , that 's what I ’1l1 do . marion huh ? harry for my mom . I have be think of get something for she , you know , some kind of present , but I do not know what to get . marion well ? harry I finally ask myself , what 's she fix ? Television , right ? ( more ) ( continued ) 60 38 . continued : 60 harry ( cont 'd ) if ever there 's a tv junkie it 's the old lady . I figure maybe I owe she a new one anyway with all the wear and tear she set get from be schlep back and forth to old abe 's . marion you really love she , do not you ? harry I do not know . I guess so . one time I feel one way and the other time I feel something else . most of the time I just want she to be happy . marion let 's go get it now . harry well ... marion c’mon . harry I do not wanna deal with salesman ... marion oh , come on . harry ( get a idea ) well , let 's push off first . marion it 's still early . we should not get go till tonight . harry yeah , I know , but this be different . after all , I be always usin’ the old lady 's set to cop money so now we will use a little stuff to get she a set . marion do not fight he . then there 's the : flick , sizzle , snap , suck , slap , rush , sigh ... and : crinkle , sprinkle , flick , drift , suck , sigh ... CUT to : 61 62 63 64 39 . int . SARA 's apartment 61 coffee : tinkle , perk , drip , slurp , slurp , slurp ... and pill : pop , hit , gulp , snap ... Sara start to clean the apartment . time race by as she intricately clean every single square inch of the kitchen . she clean the inside of the fridge and dump all the food . next , she move into the live room and continue to clean . then everything slow down . Sara collapse into she view chair in front of the tv . she try to watch but she 's squirming in she seat . then she notice something wrong . she 's not sure what so she head into -- the bathroom 62 in the mirror , she stare at she clench tooth grind . she wonder what this mean . she shrug and take the green pill : pop , hit , gulp , snap ... back in the live room 63 -- Sara sit in front of the tv and watch tappy tibbon preach . slowly she doze off . CUT to : int . tyrone 's dive pad 64 tyrone 's old pad have be spruce up . it 's fill with ton of cool toy . it look like Christmas morning . beautiful and very young Alice lie naked in the giant bed stare at tyrone . he sit naked at he desk play with flip book . first there 's a wacky duck dance , then there 's a cry GI soldier . alice why dontcha come back to bed , honey ? tyrone sheeit , plenty time for that , woman , I get I a cool - ass toy ahm groovin’ behind . ( continued ) 64 65 66 40 . continued : 64 tyrone pick up another flip book and let thing rip . the animation suddenly turn into live action and we be follow the back of a little boy . the boy run across a black room into the arm of a beautiful woman . the boy be Young tyrone and the woman be tyrone 's mother . young tyrone I tell ya , ma . one day I have make it . tyronea mother you do not have to make anything . you just gotta love you momma . the image of boy and mother die when the flip book end . tyrone look at it sadly . alice what be you do , honey ? tyrone think about you , baby , and what I be gonna do to ya . tyrone leap onto the bed and Alice squeal playfully . alice do not do that , tyrone . you 'il scare I to death . tyrone oh little momma , I would not want to scare you ... I doan 's want to scare nobody . all I want from life be no hassle and some peace and harmony ... an’ I want it from the finest fox that ever live . CUT to : int . SARA 's mailbox - day 65 still empty ... CUT to : int . SARA 's build - day 66 pop , hit , gulp , snap and tinkle , perk , drip , slurp , slurp , slurp ... ( continued ) 41 . 66 continued : 66 the yentas all rise when Sara come out and they move they chair so that she can have she proper seat in the sun . yenta # 1 Sara , you know yet when ? yenta # 2 be you hearing anything ? SARA nothing yet . ada you can bring friend ? SARA how should I know ? ada they should let you bring at least a schlepper . who 's go to carry home all that prize ? SARA believe I , I 'il get they home . especially Robert redford . for he I do not need a schlepper . but Sara be have a hard time sit still . she look up and down the street for the mailman and pace around she friend . they watch she with a bit of concern . then Mrs scarlini come out of the building for sun . Sara grab she and hug she . SARA I love you forever . I can not believe it but I be not even think of food . if you put down a big bowl of chicken noodle soup I would not eat it . thank you so much , rosie . thank you ! CUT to : 67 int . tyrone 's new pad 67 Alice and tyrone make some crazy love . arm flail , tooth bite , mouth scream . some crazy love . CUT to : 68 int . SARA 's apartment 68 Sara stand in front of the mirror try on the red dress . ( continued ) 68 69 70 42 . continued : 68 the dress will not close . pop , hit , glup , snap ... the red dress get a little closer . pop , hit , glup , snap ... the dress get even closer . CUT to : int . taxi cab - moving 69 Harry squirm in the back seat wear a sharp new pair of slack , a sport shirt and a pair of new shoe . he nervously pat down he hair and adjust he collar . CUT to : ext . SARA 's build 70 the yentas all admire Sara 's slim figure until the mailman approach . everyone turn to he --hoping ... he grin and shake he head . mailman when I see it I 'il be wave it all over the place . the mailman enter the building . a cab pull up . Harry step out . he stare at the intimidating line of yentas . Sara stare for a brief second not computing this apparition . then she jump up and wrap she arm around he , almost knock he off balance . SARA Harry ! she kiss he and he kiss she . she 's so excited she kiss he again . harry hey , take it easy , ma , you 'il crush I . he give she a quick smile as he adjust he clothes . ( continued ) 70 71 continued : SARA come , come inside , Harry . I x11 make you a pot of coffee and we will have a visit . she grab he hand and head to the entrance . int . SARA 's apartment 43 . 70 CUT to : 71 Sara make a pot of coffee as she bustles around grab cup , saucer , spoon , milk and napkin . Harry stare wide - eye at he hyperactive mother . he try to get a word in but can not . SARA and how be you , Harry , you be look so good . you want something to eat ? harry no , ma -- SARA a little nosh , maybe , or cake , I x11 go get some if you want , but I do not have anything in the house but ada will have something , a cupcake , maybe . harry no -- finally , the coffee be ready and she fill two cup . SARA you want something to eat ? harry ( almost scream ) no , ma. nothing . sit. sit , for krist 's sake . you be make I dizzy . SARA you notice something ? you notice I be slimmer ? harry yeah , yeah , I guess you be , Mom . SARA twenty - five pound . you believe it ? twenty - five pound and that 's just the beginning . ( continued ) 71 continued : harry that 's great , ma . that 's really great , I be really happy for ya . but sit down , eh ? Sara sit , Harry be bewilder . harry I be sorry I have not be around for awhile , ma , but I have be busy , real busy . Sara nod as she clenches she jaw . SARA you get yourself a good job ? you be do well ? harry yeah , ma , real good . SARA what kind of business ? harry well , I be sort of a distributor , like . for a big importer . my own . SARA oh , I be so happy for you . Sara get up and smother Harry with kiss . harry hey , ma , easy , eh ? you be kill I . krist , whatta ya be doin’ , liftin’ weight ? SARA you own business . oh Harry , I know when I see you that you have you own business . I always know that you could do that . harry ( smile ) yeah , ma , you be right . I make it just like you say I would . SARA so now maybe you 'il meet a nice girl and have a baby ? harry I already meet one -- ( continued ) 44 . 71 45 . 71 continued : ( 2 ) 71 Sara squeal and squeak and start to jump out of she chair . Harry hold he arm up in front of he . harry Jesus krist , ma , do not go ape shit , eh ? SARA be she a nice girl ? who 's she parent ? what -- harry you know’er , ma. marion . marion Silver . remember , they -- SARA oh , Silver . of course . I know Manhattan Beach . he 's get a house on the esplanade . Garment business . harry yeah , yeah , he 's big in woman 's undy . Harry chuckle . Sara be so happy , she can not stay sit . she refill they cup . harry before you go bouncin’ all over again and make I forget , what I want to tell ya be I get you a present and -- SARA Harry , I do not want a present , just have a baby . harry later for that , eh ? will you let I tell you what I get , eh ? will ya ? Sara nod , grin , grind and clenches . harry krist , you be really something else today . look , I know ... well ... ( deep breath ) what I be try to say be that ... well ... ( shrug ) well ... I know I be not be the best son in the world -- ( continued ) 71 46 . continued : ( 3 ) 71 SARA oh , Harry , you be a good -- harry no , no ! please , ma , let I finish . i’1l never get it out if you keep interrupt I . ( deep breath ) I be sorry for be such a bastard . ( stop -- breathe -- sigh ) I wanna make it up . I mean , I know I can not change anything that 's happen , but I want ya to know that I be sorry and I love ya , and I wanna make it right . SARA Harry , it 's -- harry I do not know why I do that thing . I do not really want to do they . it just sort have happen , I guess . I do not know . it 's all kinda goofy somehow , but I really do love ya , ma , and I want you to be happy so I get ya a brand new tv set . it 's gonna be deliver in a couple a day . from macy 's . Sara squeal , but Harry ward she off with he hand . she sit down , grin and grind she tooth . SARA oh , Harry , you be such a good boy . you father would be so happy to see what you be do for you poor , lonely mother . Harry lean over and give she a honest , open and perfectly beautiful kiss . SARA you see that , seymour ? you see how good you son be ? he know how lonely he mother be live all alone , no one to make she a visit ... Harry feel pretty good as he listen to he mother until something puzzle he . he stop hearing he mother and now he suddenly hear some other , strange sound . what be it ? he look around until he look at he mother . suddenly he be fill with surprise , disbelief and confusion . ( continued ) 47 . 71 continued : ( 4 ) 71 the noise he hear be he mother 's tooth grind . tight on Sara 's mouth . Harry lean across the table . harry hey , ma , you droppin’ upper ? SARA what ? harry you on upper ? ( get angry ) you be on diet pill , be not ya ? Sara be suddenly stunne . she 's completely bewilder . SARA on ? on ? what be on ? harry how come ya lose so much weight ? SARA I tell you , I be go to a specialist . harry a specialist . what kinda specialist ? SARA what kind ? a specialist . for weight . harry yeah , that 's what I think . you be makin 's a croaker for speed , be not ya ? SARA Harry , you alright ? ( shrug ) I be just go to a doctor . I do not know from croaker , make -- harry what do he give ya , ma ? eh ? do he give ya pill ? SARA of course he give I pill . he ’sa doctor . doctor give pill . harry what kind of pill ? ( continued ) 71 continued : 48 . ( 5 ) 71 SARA what kind . a purple one , red one , orange and -- harry no , no , I mean what kind ? SARA they be round ... and flat . harry ( roll eye ) I mean , like what 's in they ? SARA Harry , I be Sara goldfarb , not Albert Einstein . how should I know what 's in they ? harry look , ma , do that stuff make you feel good sort of and give you lot of pep ? SARA ( nod ) well , I guess maybe a little . harry a little ? Jesus , I can hear ya grind ya tooth from here . SARA but that go away at night . harry at night ? SARA when I take the green one . in thirty minute I be asleep . poof , just like that . Harry shake he head and roll he eye . harry hey , ma , ya gotta cut that stuff loose . it 's no good . SARA who say it 's no good ? twenty - five pound I lose . ( continued ) 71 continued : 49 . ( 6 ) 71 harry Big deal . do ya wanna be a dope fiend fa krist 's sake ? SARA what 's this dope fiend ? be I foam at the mouth ? he 's a nice doctor . harry ma , I be tell ya this croaker 's no good . SARA how come you know so much ? how come you know more about medicine than a doctor ? harry ( deep sigh ) I know , ma , believe I , I know . you 'il get strung out fa krist 's sake . SARA c’mon . I almost fit in my red dress , the one I wear at you high school graduation . the one you father like so much . I remember how he look at I in the red dress . it 's not long after that he get sick and die and you be without a father , my poor baby , but thank God he see you happy for a little and -- harry what 's with the red dress ? what do that -- SARA I be go to wear the red dress on ... o0h , you do not know . I be go to be on television . I get a call and a application and -- harry C ’mon , ma , who 's pullin’ ya leg ? SARA I be tell you I be be a contestant on television . they have not tell I when , but you 'il see , you 'il be proud when you see you mother in she red dress and golden shoe on television . ( continued ) 71 continued : 50 . ( 7 ) 71 harry what 's the big deal about be on television ? that pill 's 1l kill ya before ya ever get on , fa krist 's sake . SARA Big deal ? you drive up in a cab . you see who have the sun seat ? you notice you mother in the special spot get the sun ? you know who everybody talk to ? you know who 's somebody now ? who 's no longer just a widow in a little apartment who life alone ? I be somebody now , Harry . everyone like I . soon million of people will see I and like I . i’11 tell they about you and you father . i’11 tell they how you father like the red dress and how good he be to we . remember ? Harry nod . defeat , he stare at the floor . SARA and who know what I might win ? a new refrigerator . a roll - royce , maybe . Robert redford . harry Robert redford ? SARA so what 's wrong with Robert redford ? Harry blink and shake he head . bewildere , he surrender to she flow . Sara look at she entire family and a softness overtake she . SARA it 's not the prize , Harry . it do not make any difference if I win or lose . it 's like a reason to get up in the morning . it 's a reason to lose weight so I can be healthy . it 's a reason to fit in the red dress . it 's a reason to smile , already . it make tomorrow alright . ( close to Harry now ) what have I get , Harry ? why should I even make the bed or wash the dish ? ( more ) ( continued ) 71 continued : 51 . ( 8 ) 71 SARA ( cont 'd ) I do they , but why should I ? I be alone . seymour 's go , you be go , I have no one to take care of . anybody . everybody . what do I have ? I be lonely , Harry . I be old . Harry fidget , he eye blink , he try : harry you get friend , ma. what -- SARA it 's not the same . you need someone to make for . no , Harry , I like how I feel this way . I like think about the red dress and the television ... and you father and you . now when I get the sun I smile . harry I x11 come visit , ma. now that I be straight , my business be go good , I ’1l1 come . I and marion . honest , ma. I swear . we ’1ll come for dinner . soon . Sara shake she head and smile at Harry , try hard to believe . Sara get SARA good , you bring she and I x11 make you soup and a roast . harry that sound great , ma. I x11 give you a call ahead a time , ok ? SARA ( nod ) good . I be glad . I be glad you gota nice girl and a good business . I be glad . up and hug Harry , tear welling in she eye . SARA you father and I be always want only the very best for you . I be glad , Harry , that you have someone to be with . you should be healthy and happy . and have lot of baby . do not have only one . it 's no good . have lot of baby . they 's 11 make you happy . ( continued ) 71 52 . continued : ( 9 ) 71 Harry do he best to hug he mother . he fight he desperation to get away and hold onto she . eventually , Sara back away and look into he face , smile . SARA look , I be cry already . I be so happy I be cry . harry ( force smile ) I be glad you be happy , ma. I really love ya . an’ I be sorry -- Sara wave he apology away -- tosh , tosh . harry I really be . but I be goin’ to make it up now . you should just be happy . SARA do not worry about I . I be use to be alone . a long silent beat as child and parent smile at each other . Harry look at he watch . harry I get to go , ma. I have a appointment in Manhattan in a little bit . but I 'il be back . SARA good . I x11 make for you . you still have you key ? harry ( show she ) yeah , I get it , ma. I have better hurry . I be late now . SARA Goodbye , son. one more kiss and hug and Harry be go . Sara stare at the door for many long moment . then she take she orange pill -- pop , hit , glup , snap -- and wash it down with a fresh cup of coffee . CUT to : 72 73 74 53 . int . moving cab 72 Harry sit in the back seat fill with worry and concern . tear well up into he eye until he can not hold it any longer . he sob hard , real hard . a moment later he collect himself and get high : flick , sizzle , snap , suck , slap , rush , sigh ... Harry wipe away he tear . CUT to : int . SARA 's bedroom 73 Sara zip up the red dress . it close . she swing around gloriously and she lock jaw smile at herself in the mirror . eye glow . and she begin to waltz by herself . humming ... hard CUT to : black on the screen in white letter : ' fall 's CUT to : int . brody 's limo 74 tyrone step into a white limo with leopardskin upholstery . he exchange fives with , brody ( late twenty , bespectacle , highly intelligent look ) and he two henchmen . brody do not speak . he sign to henchman # 1 henchman brody say you come up quick , kid . tyrone thanks , brody . the henchman sign back . then brody respond . henchman brody want to promote you . he want to give you some more responsibility . be you interested ? tyrone yeah , yeah . ( continued ) 74 75 54 . continued : 74 henchman brody say , you fuck he , I x11 kill you . tyrone I would not do that , Jim . just then , tyrone notice the driver 's door be open . tyrone point . tyrone where 's the -- brody spin just when a White gunman lean in through the driver 's door with a 9 mm Glock -- bang ! bang ! bang ! Three bullet rip through brody 's body . blood and gut gplatter tyrone and brody 's dead body collapse into he ap . the henchmen pull out they piece and return fire . one henchman get splatter . the other kill the White man . tyrone slip and scramble out of the limo . the White gunman lie dead in the street . tyrone run ! frantic , with blood all over he , he run hyperventilate with panic until two cop give chase . siren and light . they catch he and slam he against the wall . cuff wrist one , cuff wrist two . CUT to : int . SARA 's apartment 75 pop , hit , gulp , snap ... Sara 's live room be dominate by a gigantic , tower , black tv . the ominous hulk of technology stare down on Sara who sit in she lazy chair stare at the set 's cold , dark screen . something be wrong . some coffee : tinkle , perk , drip , slurp , slurp , slurp ... nothing . so one more : pop , hit , gulp , snap ... CUT to : 76 77 55 . int . marion 's apartment 76 flick , sizzle , snap , suck , slap , rush , sigh ... crinkle , sprinkle , flick , drift , suck , sigh ... Harry and marion lean against each other on the floor . they stare up at the ceiling . sketch and piece of marion 's clothing lie around they . marion oh Harry , I love you . you make I feel like a person , like I be I and I be beautiful . harry you be beautiful . you be the most beautiful woman in the world . you be my dream . CUT to : int . SARA 's apartment 77 pop , hit , gulp , snap ... Sara still sit . she feel nothing . coffee : tinkle , perk , drip , slurp , slurp , slurp ... still nothing . she pick up the bottle of pill from Doctor pill and examine the label . she look real close . then she call Doctor pill . skinny nurse ( off-screen ) Doctor 's office ? SARA hello , this be Mrs goldfarb skinny nurse ( off-screen ) no , Mrs goldfarb , I be absolutely certain . I have check again . SARA be you sure you do not give I the wrong pill ? ( continued ) 77 56 . continued : 77 skinny nurse ( off-screen ) no. SARA but maybe you give I a smaller one the last time . skinny nurse ( off-screen ) that be not possible , Mrs goldfarb . you see , they be all the same potency . the change be in the color . all the purple be the same strength , all the red , etc . SARA but something be not the same . skinny nurse ( off-screen ) you be just become adjust to they . at first you get a strong reaction , but after a while that wear off and you just do not feel like eat . it 's nothing to worry about , Mrs goldfarb . click . Sara stare at the phone and slowly hang it up . she drop two pill in she hand . she stare at both pill -- shrug and pop they : pop , hit , gulp , snap ... then a small grin invade she face . something 's happen . she flip on the tv to tappy : tappy tibbon now let 's meet we next winner . she 's a beautiful woman with a win sense of humor and a magical smile . straight from Brighton Beach , Brooklyn , let 's give a juicy welcome to Mrs Sara goldfarb . and there she be ! Red , red , red . Sara smile at Red Sara . the audience love she . tappy and audience juice by Sara ! juice by Sara ! juice by Sara ! o0000000h ! Sara 's get juice ! Sara 's get juice ! 0000000H Sara ! ( continued ) 77 78 79 57 . continued : ( 2 ) 77 but back in the real world , the fridge shudder . Sara stare at it , concerned . CUT to : int . holding tank - night 78 tyrone , terrify , hold onto the bar for dear life . junky and wino that seem more like ghost and giant rat taunt he . until : guard ( off-screen ) Love ... Love , tyrone c. Seven - three - five . get you shit together and come on . CUT to : ext . coney island STREET - moving 79 Harry and tyrone rap as they scam the street search for a connection . they eye other junky suspiciously . tyrone how much ? harry they get most of we cash . you be up for consortin’ . tyrone sheeit . harry angel say it 's a war between the italian and the black . he say sal the geep be keep all the shit down in Florida until guy like brody be all knock off . tyrone sheeit . harry no one 's get a thing . tyrone except Big Tim . harry who ? ( continued ) 79 80 58 . continued : 79 tyrone he 's holdin’ a nice taste . harry how much ? tyrone some say a piece , other a truckload . harry shit . let 's go see he . tyrone he 's holdin’ , but he 's not sellin’ . he 's only givin 's up for pussy . harry what ? tyrone the only habit that muthafuck have be pussy . he hook on that thang . ah tell ’im ah give ’im all he want , but he say ahm not pretty enough for’im . just then , a white van screech to a halt at the corner in front of they . the side door slide open . two white guy toss a dead black guy into a city garbage can . the van screech off . the black guy 's sneaker poke up out of the can . Harry and tyrone turn around and quickly exit the scene . CUT to : int . marion 's apartment 80 marion well , why do not we just stop use ? Harry , tyrone and marion stare at each other for a moment , the implication of marion 's question slowly , through much resistance , sink in and register . harry yeah , I guess we have better . CUT to : 81 82 83 84 85 59 . int . SARA 's mailbox 81 still nothing . CUT to : int . SARA 's apartment 82 pop , hit , gulp , snap ... Sara start to circle around the lazy chair . tighter and tighter circle . CUT to : int . marion 's apartment 83 we pan the apartment and see Harry , tyrone and marion try to do something , anything but nothing . but everything be real slow and every moment be real painful . the kitchen clock be almost move backwards . we see they eye . they sweat lip . they twitching finger . CUT to : int . SARA 's mailbox 84 nope . CUT to : int . SARA 's apartment 85 pop , hit , gulp , snap -- and again -- pop , hit , gulp , snap ... Sara stop pace . out of breath , she tower over the phone . she dial 411 . her mouth race after she speed - drench mind . computerize operator ( off-screen ) welcome to Bell Atlantic . number please ? SARA malin & block . Manhattan . computerize operator ( off-screen ) please hold for you number . ( continued ) 60 . 85 continued : 85 suddenly , the fridge shudder . Sara jump . CUT back to : 86 int . marion 's apartment 86 finally marion stand up : marion it 's three already . we be make a big deal out of nothing . tyrone ( a bit too willing ) yeah , we can stop use . we prove it . right now . marion Harry , it 's stupid to panic and think the world 's come to a end just " cause we can not score any solid weight . harry ok , fine . flick , sizzle , snap , suck , slap , rush , sigh ... and : crinkle , sprinkle , flick , drift , suck , sigh ... and then again : flick , sizzle , snap , suck , slap , rush , sigh ... CUT to : 87 int . marion 's apartment - middle of the night 87 Harry and marion twist and turn in they bed . the sheet be cover in sweat . finally , marion bolt up in bed gasp for breath . Harry turn on the light . harry you alright ? marion ( nod ) must have have a bad dream , I guess . CUT to : ( continued ) 87 88 89 61 . continued : 87 int . marion 's kitchen . Harry fill a glass of water . he notice that the spot where he normally shoot up in he inner arm be sore and red . CUT back to : int . marion 's apartment 88 marion be still panting when Harry return with a glass of water . marion maybe we should dip in now . harry it 's all we have . marion tyrone will score in the morning . harry it 's a bitch out there . marion it 'il be fine , sweetheart , I just know it will . a long beat . harry yeah , I guess . I ’1l1 get the stuff . marion I love you , Harry . relief . for now . crinkle , sprinkle , flick , drift , suck , sigh ... CUT to : int . SARA 's apartment 89 pop , hit , gulp , snap . Sara downs a cup of coffee and go to the phone . out of the corner of she eye she watch the fridge . she dial a number . computerize operator ( off-screen ) welcome to malin & block . ( more ) ( continued ) 89 62 . continued : 89 computerize operator ( cont 'd ) if you know you party 's extension , please enter it now . for the directory please press four , one , one . Sara press 411 . computerize operator ( off-screen ) please enter the last name of the person you be try to reach . SARA russel . lyle russel . Sara start to press some number . computerize operator ( off-screen ) we be sorry , there 's no one in the directory with that name . please wait for a operator . a moment later a operator answer . woman on phone ( off-screen ) malin & block . SARA lyle russel . woman on phone ( off-screen ) I be sorry , but I do not have he name list on my directory . SARA the television . woman on phone ( off-screen ) what television ? SARA I do not know . I want to find out . woman on phone ( off-screen ) hold on a second . then , a loud shudder ! the fridge be vibrate . Sara do not know what to do . ( continued ) 89 63 . continued : ( 2 ) 89 another woman on phone ( off-screen ) can I help you ? SARA I want to speak to lyle russel . another woman on phone ( off-screen ) who 's that ? SARA he call I and say I be go to be on a show and -- another woman on phone ( off-screen ) just a minute . i’11 connect you with the program department . Sara wait as the phone ring and ring and the fridge continue to vibrate unnaturally . third woman on phone ( off-screen ) can I help you ? SARA I want lyle russel . third woman on phone ( off-screen ) lyle russel ? be you sure you have the right number ? SARA he 's put I on a show . third woman on phone ( off-screen ) a show ? what show ? still on the phone , Sara slowly walk over to the fridge . third woman on phone ( off-screen ) I be afraid I do not understand . if you can not tell I -- SARA he call I and say I be go to be on tv and he send I papers . I send they back a long time already and I still do not know when -- ( continued ) 89 90 64 . continued : ( 3 ) 89 third woman on phone ( off-screen ) oh , I understand . just a moment . some more click . Sara can barely stand . as she get to the fridge , it slowly stop vibrate . sweat be building . FOURTH woman on phone ( off-screen ) can I help you ? carefully , Sara examine the fridge . she 's have a hard time talk . FOURTH woman on phone ( off-screen ) hello ? SARA lyle russel . FOURTH woman on phone ( off-screen ) who ? SARA lyle russel ? FOURTH woman on phone ( off-screen ) be you sure you have the right department ? and then , suddenly , the entire fridge quake violently ! Sara drop the phone and run to she bedroom . on the phone : FOURTH woman on phone ( off-screen ) hello ? hello ? CUT to : int . marion 's apartment - late morning 90 marion expectantly watch Harry on the phone . Harry hang up . marion well ? harry tyrone have not find anything . ( continued ) 90 91 continued : 65 . 90 marion nothing ? harry nothing . marion what be we go to do ? harry I do not know . marion well , you have to do something . it 's you fault we do not have something for the morning . harry what be you talk about ? marion you be all hot in the biscuit to get off last night . harry that 's all bullshit . marion you do not have to and we could have have something now . harry whatta be I gonna do ? just sit and watch you push off and not go myself ? marion then , just do not put all the weight on I , that 's all . and leave I alone . piss beat . harry I be gonna go meet ty. CUT to : int . tyrone 's closet 91 Harry and in it . tyrone open the shoe box . they grab the last cash harry do not worry . ( more ) ( continued ) 91 92 93 66 . continued : 91 harry ( cont 'd ) we 'il fill it up again , man . thing 's 11 get better soon , then we 'il be puttin’ the bread back in the box . CUT to : ext . CITY street - night 92 Harry and tyrone wait by a payphone on a abandon street corner . harry I gotta call my mom . I just do not know what to do with she . tyrone ahm glad ah doa not have no one lay that kind of heavy motha shit on I , Jim . you honkie be too much with that guilt shit . harry krist , you be not kiddin’ , man . I sometimes think we have be better without mom . tyrone ah doan 's know , man . mah mom die when ah be eight , but I remember she be one groovy woman . she have seven kid , Jim , a she be all big like an’ all the time singin’ and smilin’ . she have a big chest like this and she use to cuddle I , Jim , an’ ah remember how good it feel in there an’ how sweet she smell . you know , she sing a 's it make you feel good all ovuh , jus’ like dope . small laugh in the freezing cold . then , a snot-face Dealer round the corner and nod to tyrone . int . SARA 's apartment 93 the phone ring ! Sara stick she head out of the bedroom . she look at the fridge . it 's quiet and still . she sneak to the lazy chair and flip on the tv . then she answer the phone . ( continued ) 93 continued : harry ( off-screen ) hey , ma. how ya do ? SARA ( scared ) oh , Harry . harry ( off-screen ) I want to say hello , and that I x11 visit soon . suddenly , the fridge hop , make a smash noise . sink into she chair . Sara let out a small scream . harry ( off-screen ) ma? you -- SARA can you come now ? for a little while ? harry ( off-screen ) ma , I be tie up . I get a lot of iron in the fire and I have to be around to take care of ’em . the fridge hop again . SARA ( at fridge ) stop it ! ( to Harry ) not even a little visit ? please , Harry . come over . harry ( off-screen ) hey , ma , will you lighten up and stop playin’ that guilt game with my head ? the fridge shake and quiver like it 's laugh . SARA please , Harry ... 94 int . CITY street - same 67 . 93 Sara CUT to : 94 Harry take a deep breath into the phone . tyrone round the corner , smile . ( continued ) 68 . 94 continued : 94 harry ( into phone ) look , ma , I do not want to hassle you , okay ? I loveya and I 'il see you soon . take care . SARA ( off-screen ) Harry , it 's all confusing and -- Harry hang up and the two of they rush off . CUT to : 95 ext . under the boardwalk - night 95 flick , sizzle , snap , suck , slap , rush , sigh ... tyrone so you want to hear the news ? harry what news ? tyrone the good news and the bad news . harry shoot . tyrone the good news be that in a couple of day they 'il be prime on the street . harry ( psyched ) really ! ( suspicious ) who tell you ? tyrone angel say sal the geep have send word to let go a couple a key for the Christmas season , he be a good Christian an’ not wantin’ anybody to be wantin’ during this glorious season . harry you believe it ? tyrone I do not until I hear the bad news . ( continued ) 69 . 95 continued : 95 harry yeah ... tyrone the price be double and you have to cop for weight , at least half a piece . harry how much ? tyrone two . harry fuckin 's insane ! tyrone what you gonna do ? the man be not goin’ to lay no nickel bag on you , thas foe damn sure . harry where we gonna get two ? CUT to : 96 int . marion 's apartment 96 marion can not believe what Harry just suggest . marion you mean Arnold ? harry well you parent will not even take you call . marion I have not see he in month . harry so what ? he 's still callin’ , be not he ? marion yes , but I do not know . marion stare into Harry 's eye -- plead . harry look , I do not know what else to do . this be we last chance to get back on track . we will not have to scuffle and make that freezing scene every day . we need the bread . ( continued ) 96 97 70 . continued : 96 marion get the bread be not the problem , Harry -- harry then what 's the problem , fa krist 's sake ? marion I just do not know what I 'il have to do to get it . Harry get it . marion get it . but for Harry , this be too important . he get down and hold she hand : harry look baby , this be we last chance to get back on track . we 'il be back in bizness in no time . we 'il start move again and we ’1ll start save again . it ’1ll happen , marion . marion look into he . then , she give he a gentle nod . CUT to : int . doctor pill 's examining room 97 Doctor pill smile while Sara look around wild - eye . doctor pill what seem to be the problem ? the weight be do fine . SARA the weight be fine . I be not so good . the refrigerator -- suddenly , she look around terrify . doctor pill something wrong ? SARA thing be all mix up . confused like -- doctor pill well , that 's nothing to worry about . he scribbles out a prescription . doctor pill just give this to the nurse and make a appointment for a week . ( continued ) 97 98 71 . continued : 97 now , Sara be alone stare at the paper . tight on paper . it read ' valium 's . CUT to : int . raoul 's cafe - night 98 dimly light café . marion wear lot of make - up and a long - sleeve blouse . Arnold be worried . marion no , no , I have just have the flu forever it seem like . arnold the shrink be you depressed ? marion no , it 's nothing like that . just be very busy . I have be design nonstop . arnold the shrink that 's wonderful , I be glad to hear you have be productive . he smile and touch she hand . arnold the shrink to be perfectly straight , I be surprised to hear from you . be something wrong ? marion no , why ? arnold the shrink that 's usually the case when someone call whom you have not hear from for a while . marion no , everything 's fine , but I do have a favor to ask . he smile and lean back into he chair . his smugness bother she so she grab she fork and stab it into the back of he hand . blood spurt out and she scream : marion you smug sonofabitch ! ( continued ) 98 99 100 72 . continued : 98 a moment later , everything be back to normal . marion be fantasize . arnold the shrink grin ) a favor ? what be it ? marion I need to borrow some money . CUT to : int . arnold the shrink 's manhattan crash pad 99 in the bedroom , marion slowly take off she clothes . she 's die and almost cry . Arnold , big smile , big erection ( for he ) , watch she . arnold the shrink May I ask why ? marion could you turn off the light ? arnold the shrink why do you want the light off ? marion I just do . arnold the shrink you never do before . marion please , Arnold . shrugge , he remote control off the light . Arnold creep up behind she and start plant kiss on she . very gently , she begin to cry . CUT to : int . marion 's apartment 100 Harry scratch some vinyl . he take the lp and frisbee it into the wall . it shatter ! then , he collapse onto marion 's couch , pick up the remote and flip on the set . he try to watch but he keep look at the clock . then , he hear the sound of sex . he look up on the tv and see marion fuck some dude with a hairy back . ( continued ) 100 101 102 103 104 105 73 . continued : 100 so , Harry lie on the ground and reach for something under the couch . then : flick , sizzle , snap , suck , rush , sigh ... the image on the set slowly start to dissolve back to the normal tv show . Harry , a bit more comfortable , recline on the couch and nod . CUT to : int . arnold the shrink 's manhattan crash pad - hallway 101 at the front door Arnold , wrap in a sheet , hand marion some money . she leave and he quickly lock the door . down the hallway and into -- the elevator 102 -- as anger , disgust and who know what else billow up inside she . her eye begin to tear . then -- on the STREET 103 -- she lean against the building and vomit . CUT to : int . marion 's apartment 104 marion crawl out of she winter clothes and join Harry on the couch . they sit on either side of the couch not look at each other . CUT to : int . tyrone 's new pad 105 tyrone , in he bikini underwear , stare at a picture of he mom . Alice be go . he look at the window . it 's night - time and it 's sleep . tyrone sheeit . ( continued ) 105 106 107 74 , continued : 105 tyrone start to get dress . CUT to : int . SARA 's bedroom - night 106 pop , gulp , hit , snap ... Sara put on some make -up . her hand be not steady and she work be far from perfect . the lipstick be lopsided . the mascara be cake on one set of eyelash . in the red dress , with very little energy , she spin in front of the mirror . she start a dumpy version of a waltz . very slowly . her eye be sink and dark -ringe . flesh hang from she upper arm and neck . CUT to : int . modern supermarket - night 107 Harry and tyrone stroll the aisle with a empty shopping cart . they eye other customer , most of whom be junky try to act nonchalant and make believe they be shopping . in actuality they be just try to figure out what the fuck 's go on . tyrone you dig the action , man . harry yeah , I feel like I be dreamin’ . tyrone I watch you back , you watch mine . harry what be we suppose to do ? tyrone I do not know . all they say be be at waldbaum 's . just then , they round a corner and spot a pony-taile junky walk into the back load area . they follow . CUT to : 108 109 110 1414 75 . int . marion 's apartment 108 marion impatiently circle the apartment . she 's very anxious . CUT to : int . supermarket loading area - later 109 Harry and tyrone join a mass of smoking junky in the back of the supermarket . everyone be crowded in by the tower box of produce and can goods . harry everyone and they mother . a moment later , the steel roll - gate start to open . all the junky turn to look . then , a eighteen - wheeler start back into the load dock . '' irving 's florida orange 's be paint onto the truck . when the truck stop at the dock , two White heavies emerge from the front cab . they wear ski mask and carry glisten machine gun . sitting behind a table in front of the crate of orange be a distinguished bald man sport a white fur coat . he be flanke by two other heavies with mask and machine gun . the junky applaud ! the two man unlock the back of the truck . the bald man pop open two steel suitcase on the table . Harry , tyrone and all the junky push forward . the man with gun try to control they . CUT to : int . marion 's apartment 110 marion , still circle , start search the apartment . she rip open she bureau , flip through clothes and unknowingly toss she clothing sketches . they slowly drift to the floor . CUT to : ext . supermarket loading area - later 111 Harry and tyrone push they way to the front . a few lucky junky hand the bald man money and get they dope . the heavies scream at the junky to calm down or they be outta here . ( continued ) 1414 112 113 114 76 . continued : 111 then suddenly , Harry spot a gap-tooth junky pull a gun . the man with the machine gun see he and pull out they gun . Harry grab tyrone and start to pull he away when suddenly : bang ! gap-tooth 's gun go off . it hit some orange behind the bald man . the heavies let loose . bullet everywhere ! Harry and tyrone head for the supermarket in front . box be blow up around they . the bald man slam the steel suitcase close and start pull the truck door close . Harry and tyrone charge into the -- int . supermarket - same 112 -- with a bunch of other junky . they rush down a aisle when the pony-taile junkie get nail in front of they . he slide across the linoleum leave a trail of blood behind he . Harry and tyrone leap over the dead body and rush -- outside 113 -- just in time to spot the eighteen - wheeler whiz by . some of the junky give chase . Harry think about it but ty stop he . instead , they quickly duck out . CUT to : int . tyrone 's old dive pad 114 tyrone puff on a cigarette while Harry pace . harry stupid fuck junkie . fucked . wwe be fuck . that 's the last shit for mile . tyrone muthafuckas go back to Florida , sit on they ass in sun while we be up here ass - deep in snow . harry damn it . what be we gonna do now ? ( more ) ( continued ) 114 continued : 77 . 114 harry ( cont 'd ) ( then a idea ) hey . what would happen if we go down there to cop ? tyrone now you be talk -- sunny f.l. harry yeah . everybody 's up here scufflin’ to stay alive and gettin’ rip off or knock off , and nobody 's think about goin’ right to the fuckin 's source . tyrone you be serious ? harry why not ? tyrone what the fuck you talkin’ about ? goin 's up to the muthafuckin’ room clerk at some hotel an’ askin’ for a connection ? harry C ’mon , ty , get with it , eh ? you tellin’ I you can not nose we some dope when it 's around ? tyrone you be serious . tha 's here , man . the Apple 's mah neighborhood . what the fuck ah know about Miami ? they muthafuckin’ italian be not sittin’ aroun 's jus’ waitin’ for I to show up , Jim . harry dope smell the same there as it do here . tyrone yeah , but it 's a long - ass walk , man . harry not if you be drivin’ . look man , it 's colder than hell and that street be hotter 'o a bitch . after tonight ... shit . guy be gettin’ knock off like they be givin’ away season ticket for every dead fiend . ( continued ) 114 continued : 115 int . SARA 's 78 . ( 2 ) 114 tyrone that 's no lie , Jim . harry man , we get nothin’ to lose , and we get to do it now while we still have a few buck . tyrone if it 's such a good idea why be not somebody else think of it ? harry because they be asshole . and that 's just it . nobody else have think of it . it 's wide open and it we get there before anyone else we can name we own price amd sit back a 's be cool and have that fool scufflin’ the street for we . tyrone Las 's summer be a ball , Jim ... seem like a thousan 's year since las’ summer . sheeit . harry it 'il be back like that , but only better . this be the kinda set up you dream about . tyrone ( start to give in ) you know , angel can probably get we a short if we promise he some dynamite scag . harry you think ? tyrone ( give in ) that muthafucka can dig up anything , even the day . CUT to : S apartment 115 Sara peek she head into the live room , all the shade and curtain be draw . she quietly tiptoe to the window and peek out then she t through the side of the shade . iptoe over to the front door . very carefully , she remove the tape over the peephole . the hallway be empty . ( continued ) 115 116 79 . continued : she retape the peephole . suddenly , the fridge lurch at she . it slide a good foot towards she . she jump and run to she view chair . CUT to : int . marion 's apartment marion rip through the apartment as she search for something , anything . she sink to the floor and start to sob . just then , Harry walk in on she on the floor . marion ( get up , scream ) where have you be ? I have be wait all night . harry where the hell do you think I have be ? marion where 's the score ? harry some dumb -ass junkie -- marion do what ? you fuck it up ! do not tell I you fuck it up ! harry I do not fuck it up . I and ty have a plan . marion a plan !? I do not want another plan , I want my stuff ! harry what the fuck 's wrong with you ? marion I !? you promise that everything be gonna be ok . I fuck that sleazebag -- I put myself through hell for you . so what the fuck do you have for I ?! harry what do you want from I ? ( more ) ( continued ) 115 116 116 continued : 80 . 116 harry ( cont 'd ) I do not have anything , nothing , there 's nothing out there . marion I do not give a shit . you loser . you fuck loser , I want you to come through for I . harry ya think I be playin’ fuckin’ game , for krist 's sake ? you wanna have some extra stuff ? Harry call tyrone . he grab the picture of he and marion in front of the store . harry we be hipped to a dude that 's hold some weight , but he be not sellin’ . tyrone ( off-screen ) yeah . harry give I that guy 's number . the guy who like broad . tyrone ( off-screen ) Big Tim ? what for ? harry just give I the number , for krist 's sake . tyrone ( off-screen ) ok , ok . nine three four ... harry you worried so goddam much ... Harry hang up on ty and hand marion the number on the back of the photo . harry here , go fix yourself up with ’im . you will not have to wait so long , and I will not have to freeze my ass off in the fuckin’ street . ( continued ) 116 117 81 . continued : ( 2 ) 116 marion fuck you . harry no , fuck you ! Harry charge out of the apartment . marion stare after he . we float out of focus . CUT to : int . SARA 's apartment 117 pop , hit , gulp , snap . the fridge lurch another foot towards she . she grab the giant remote and flip on the tv . on the set be tappy tibbon : tappy tibbon now let 's meet we next winner . she 's a beautiful woman with a win sense of humor and a magical smile . she 's really gonna win you heart . straight from Brighton Beach , Brooklyn , let 's give a juicy welcome to we very own Mrs Sara goldfarb . Red Sara march out to applause . tappy and audience juice by Sara ! juice by Sara ! juice by Sara ! o00000000h ! Sara 's get juice ! Sara 's get juice ! ooo000000h Sara ! red SARA thank you . thank you . oh Mr tibbon , it 's -- tappy tibbon tappy , please . the fridge lurch again ! she try to ignore it and watch tv : red SARA ok , tappy . it 's a pleasure to be here . tappy tibbon well , it 's a pleasure to have you . ( more ) ( continued ) 82 . 117 continued : 117 tappy tibbon ( cont 'd ) and that be one gorgeous outfit you have . red SARA oh thank you , tappy . I just want to say hello to my husband , seymour and my beautiful successful son , harold . hello , harold . I hope you be happy . I hope you be in love . please come and see I and bring marion , will not you ? the fridge slide closer . she fight not to look . tappy tibbon hah hah . I be sure he 'il be here soon . it 's time to start now , be you ready ? red SARA oh yes . I be ready , I be ready . tappy tibbon after you ... tappy motion towards the camera as the audience begin to applaud . and then , Red Sara disappear . Sara hear something . she look to she right and see Red Sara stand in she live room . Sara be shocked . SARA what be you do ? Red Sara do not answer , she just huff and humph as she inspect the apartment . SARA who be you ? what do you want ? Red Sara continue to ignore she as she look down she nose at the apartment . then Red Sara wave at tappy tibbon . red SARA tappy ! tappy tibbon oh , I think you have never ask . Excuse I , everybody . tappy disappear from the screen . and now he too be with Red Sara in Sara 's live room . ( continued ) 83 . 117 continued : ( 2 ) 117 Sara sit in she chair , dumbfounded . she start to get more and more upset as tappy and Red Sara laugh at she furnishings and chatchkas . SARA what do you expect ? I be all alone . could you do better ? it 's a old building . ten year no painting , maybe more . Red Sara and tappy walk behind Sara 's chair towards the window . SARA I be old . alone . you do not understand . I be try . I be try . please , please , I ’1l1 explain . now , tappy and Red Sara laugh as they point at the tv . Sara look over . on the tv she see herself in she view chair . a giant , fanatic audience surround she -- laugh and point . then there 's a giant c-r-a-c -k !!! as Sara 's wall split apart . suddenly , she 's on a television set . two tv camera slide in on she . a make -up artist and sound man bum rush she . the man try to put a mic on she while the woman try to touch up she face . SARA no! no ! please , leave I alone ! the studio audience be go bananas laugh at she . cameras and tv cable stretch across the floor . then the first Assistant director by camera one cue she : first assistant director ready , Mrs goldfarb , three , two , one ... he point at Sara and a bright spotlight fall on she . suddenly , tappy and Red Sara lead a cha-cha line around Sara 's lazy chair . various weirdo , freak and girl in bikinis join in . Sara be terrify . the fridge leap towards she . Sara cry onto she wrinkle red dress . ( continued ) 117 118 84 . continued : ( 3 ) 117 she sink to the floor . she crawl to the tv and beg : SARA oh please ... please ... let I on the show ... please ... please ... any show ... please ... the party get louder and louder . Red Sara be french kissing tappy tibbon in Sara 's lazy chair . the fridge be only a few foot from she . red SARA feed I , Sara . feed I . tappy join in : tappy tibbon feed I . feed I . now the other freak in the room and the studio crew : freak and crew feed I . feed I . feed I . and now , the audience on the tv be chant it : audience feed I . feed me. feed me. the fridge tower over she . suddenly , metal be tear and the fridge have a mouth . freon spray out of its open . the giant metal mouth lurch at Sara threaten to bite she . Sara scream and bolt out of she home leave the front door to she abandon apartment wide open . hard CUT to : black on the the screen in white letter : ' winter 's CUT to : ext . brighton beach avenue - day 118 Sara manically march down the street . the world shoot by she . a train roar by on the elevate track up above . CUT to : 85 . 119 int . pontiac ventura crossing verrazano 's bridge - night 119 Harry and tyrone ride in a beat - up 1972 pontiac ventura 2 . Harry drive . tight on the car tuner . tyrone spin the dial . hip -hop blast on the radio . then tyrone turn on the heat . harry thank you , angel . tyrone ah sure hope this mutha work . ah could use some heat . ty spark a joint . tyrone how long will it take ? harry we 'il make it in a day , easy . tyrone California , here we come . harry it 's Florida . tyrone I know , Jim . I just feel like break out into song . hand slap five . Harry cringe when tyrone hit he hand . CUT to : 120 int . d- train subway car - moving 120 Sara sit on the subway . her hair stick to she wet face . she turn to the stranger across from she . SARA I be go on television . today I 'il find out when . it 's New York : of course she 's ignore . CUT to : 86. 121 int . marion 's apartment 1214 marion sob into the phone . she shred the upholstrey on the couch . marion Florida !? Florida !? when 's he gonna be back ? angel ( off-screen ) I do not know . a few day . marion day !? what be I suppose , to do ? you gotta help I ! angel ( off-screen ) it 's dry -- marion I can get you money , from my parent . angel ( off-screen ) money mean shit . marion please . angel ! please ! angel ( off-screen ) it 's a drought . I be not get nothing . marion please ! angel ! please ! CUT to : 122 int . malin & block - reception area 122 a Secretary look up , startle . in front of she be Sara . Sara 's hair and body be wet and she be wobbly . the Secretary stare at Sara , not know what to do . SARA why be not you call I ? I have to know when I be go to be on television . I be Sara goldfarb and you should tell I when I be go to be on television . ( continued ) 122 87 . continued : 122 secretary just sit for a moment . i’11 ring they . Sara wobble to a chair . she 's confuse and disorientate . some office woman come out from inside the office and huddle around she . some security guard appear as well . Sara try to stand but she fall over amd land back in the chair . the woman tell she to stay seat . SARA I need to know when maybe you lose my card , please , dolly , you x11 look and let -- office woman get she a cup of soup . tell Mary to call a ambulance . just relax , Mrs goldfarb , everything will -- SARA ( cry ) it 's not the prize . I x11 give they away to the poor , I just want to be on the show . I be wait so long to be on with my Harry and grandson -- the Secretary return with a mug fill with soup . secretary here , Mrs goldfarb , sip this . office woman sometimes it take awhile to get call for a show , Mrs goldfarb . CUT to : 123 int . pontiac ventura on jersey turnpike - dawn 123 tyrone drive . tight on the tuner . the radio play alternative rock . tyrone sheeit , the heater be just fine . I guess this be not goin’ to be sucha bad trip . harry yeah , it 's no big thing . ( continued ) 123 124 88 . continued : 123 tyrone ( check odometer ) we 's a couple a hundred mile closer to Miami , Jim . let 's stop at the next pit and take a taste . harry yeah . betta drop a few dexies too and get some coffee . tyrone right on . CUT to : int . malin & block - reception area 124 a crowd watch Sara babble . two paramedics arrive . paramedic ( to he partner ) look like shock . ( to Sara ) can you walk ? SARA I be walk across the stage and you should see my harold on television . we be give the prize away . I just want to be on television . paramedic ( to woman ) do you know she name ? office woman # 1 we think it 's Sara goldfarb . SARA the announcer be call my Little Red Riding Hood , call seymour and tell he to pick I up at the beauty parlor . I have get the red dress I wear at Harry 's graduation and the gold shoe . paramedic ( gently ) okay , Mrs goldfarb , let 's just take it nice and easy . here we go . and the paramedics help poor Sara to she foot . they head to the elevator . Sympathy from the stare office woman . CUT to : 89 . 125 int . marion 's apartment 125 126 127 marion stare at Big Tim 's number . a moment later she pick up the phone and dial . big tim ( off-screen ) yeah ? marion hang up . a long beat . then she dial again . big tim ( off-screen ) yeah !? marion ( nervous ) hi ... Big Tim let go a big laugh . CUT to : int . ambulance - moving 126 Sara be strapped to a gurney . she mumble to herself . SARA oh , Harry . I be go to be on television . CUT to : int . pontiac ventura parked in ho jo lot 127 flick , sizzle , snap , suck , slap , rush , sigh ... tyrone lean against the driver 's door -- high . Harry roll up he sleeve . right in the crotch of he arm be a nasty hole from shoot too much . it 's infect and ring of red surround it . tyrone sheeit . how long you get that ? harry a few day . tyrone that do not look too good , Jim . harry it do not feel too good either . but a little stuff 's 1ll take care of that . ( continued ) 127 128 129 130 90 . continued : 127 tyrone do not shoot in there . harry I 'il blow it if I do not . fuck it . flick , sizzle , snap , suck , slap -- break from the montage . for the first time we see a tight close - up of a needle go into the hole , then we end the montage -- rush , sigh ... CUT to : ext . apartment build entrance 128 a security camera study marion as she wait at the front door . buzz ! marion push the door open and enter . CUT to : int . bellevue hospital 129 Sara , on she gurney , be push through crowded corridor of a hospital . the noise and chaos reach she in surreal muffle tone . she 's mumble to herself -- dream of be on television . then she 's sly into the emergency room . Young , serious Doctor Spencer shine a light into she eye . Sara try to smile . doctor spencer no emergency . take she to psyche . CUT to : ext . big tim 's apartment 130 Big Tim 's door open wide , revealing a even wider Big Tim . Big Tim be big in every way . his body be big , he smile be big , he laugh be big and even he apartment be big . big tim come in . he step aside and marion enter the huge live room with a grand view of prospect Park . Big Tim take she coat . ( continued ) g 1 . 130 continued : 130 big tim have a seat . what would you like ? marion ( meek ) nothing . big tim oh , you strictly a dope fien 's ? marion be startle by Big Tim 's comment . she recover . marion oh , maybe I 'il have a little chartreuse . big tim yellow or green ? marion ( surprised ) oh , ahhh ... yellow . Big Tim join she with the drink . he take out a hash pipe and spark it . marion be offer the pipe and she take a few poke . big tim what 's you name ? marion marion . Big Tim 's laugh be loud , deep and happy -- a presence of its own . big tim what you know , maid marion . I be Little John . Big Tim pull marion into he chest . she let he . big tim you know what I like best about patty chick ? marion smile as she relax into he . big tim they give good head . Black broad do not know nothing about give head . I do not know why . might be it have something to do with some ancient tribal custom . ( continued ) 130 131 132 133 92 . continued : ( 2 ) 130 Big laugh from Big Tim . he pull marion up to he and kiss she . after a beat , she kiss back . then , he back off . big tim better save some of that energy . she lie down on he stomach . gently he turn she head around as he pull out he penis . she stare at Big Tim 's joint know what she 's suppose to do but not be able to do it . her inside tremble and knot . big tim I know it 's purty , baby , but I do not take it out for air . he nudge she and she grab it and start kissing it . suddenly , she stop . she 's go to be sick . Big Tim laugh he big laugh and point to the bathroom . big tim that way . CUT to : int . big tim 's bathroom 131 marion finish barfing . she wash she face and mouth in the sink . she look up at herself . she 's tremble . she shut she eye and we cut to -- black - we hear marion breathe deeply . she collect herself . into the black rush stream of red . when she open she eye we be back in - the bathroom 132 marion fix she hair and smile at herself . CUT to : int . big tim 's live room 133 Big Tim laugh as marion emerge from the bathroom . marion sorry . must have be the chartreuse . ( continued ) 93 . 133 continued : 133 big tim welcome back . marion 's smile turn into a eager grin . he chuckle as she get on she knee . big tim yeahhhh , little bo - peep do foun 's she sheep . Big Tim laugh he big laugh as we -- CUT to : 134 int . pontiac ventura somewhere on I - 95 - heading south 134 tyrone drive while Harry squirm . his arm hurt like hell . tight on tuner . the radio play country and western . tyrone I tell you to stay away from that arm , man . harry I gotta call marion . tyrone watch the odometer change from 599 to 600 . tyrone well , it 'il be long -distance now . that 's six hundred . we six hundred damn mile closer to Miami . harry yeah . we be also six hundred mile away from New York . afraid now , tyrone look out the window . the landscape be foreign and strange -- almost alien . CUT to : 135 int . big tim 's bathroom 135 after sex , Big Tim open the door and lean up against the doorway . nake , he watch marion as she finish get dress . marion can not look at herself in the mirror or at Big Tim . big tim you know , baby , I can fix it so you can pick up a real , nice taste . though it 's more like play , baby . ( more ) ( continued ) 94 . 135 continued : 135 big tim ( cont 'd ) Sunday night we be have a gather , all good people -- marion ( smile ) no , I could not . I be busy . and I be not really hook . Big Tim laugh he big laugh and toss she some bag . big tim yeah , I know . but I be tellin’ ya’ , it 's a real nice taste . marion quickly grab the bag and start put they in she purse . big tim what the fuck you do ? marion ( startle ) nothing , I be ... big tim damn ! ( laugh ) damn , I get I some kinda virgin . now you gotta be kid ol 's Tim , you just get to be . marion I do not ko -- big tim you mean you not go to count what 's there but you just go to be puttin’ it in you pocketbook and just walk out in the street ? damn ! you sure have not be around long , baby . marion ( flushed ) I be not exactly a naive school girl , I ... I ... I have be all through Europe a 's ... a 's ... and I be just not -- big tim sheeit , be not nothing to be ashamed of , baby , we all gotta get down with it for the first time . I be not bad rappinya . I just do not want to see you get rip off . ( continued ) 135 136 95 . continued : ( 2 ) 135 sheeit , you earn that baby and you sure as hell do not want to donate it to some purse snatcher . he laugh . marion smile . big tim lookit , there be one place you can stash 01 's doogie without you worry about it be accidently get in the wrong hand , you dig ? ai not no purse snatcher or mugger go to rip you off there , baby . as marion catch on she flush and nod she head . Big Tim laugh he big laugh as he wander into the live room . big tim I 'il see you Sunday , maid marion . then marion lift up she skirt and do the deed . CUT to : int . psyche ward 136 Sara be strapped to a hospital bed . she sob to herself . the grey ward be pack with twice as many bed as there should be . patient wander around in straitjacket . scream of agony and pain barely reach she ear . Doctor Spencer address Sara and try to calm she . doctor spencer Mrs goldfarb . please try and answer I . when do you start take the pill ? SARA when ? the summer ... oh , this summer . I get a special place in the sun . ada fix my hair . doctor spencer you start in the summer . last summer ? ok Mrs goldfarb , everything will be alright , we ’1ll fix you up in no time . SARA ( grin ) you be a good boy , harold . ( continued ) 136 137 138 139 96 . continued : 136 and for a moment , Doctor Spencer be Harry -- golden smile and all . CUT to : int . marion 's bathroom 137 we look down on marion 's back from above the tub . she be bent over , she head beneath the water between she knee . she hold she breath for a eternity ... then , we look into she face as she scream . Air bubbles shoot to the surface . CUT to : ext . i- 95 - maybe georgia 138 CUT to : int . pontiac ventura 139 tyrone still drive . there 's a preacher scream gospel on the radio . Harry squirm as he grab he arm . he 's wince in pain . harry man , I can not cut it . I gotta do something about this arm . tyrone let 's see what it look like . Harry wince as he very carefully roll up he sleeve . the area around the hole be white and raise . even worse , the area around the white be slightly green . also , a wide , dark red streak reach down he arm towards he hand . they both stare at it for a moment . harry oh man . tyrone sheeit , that be the ugliest mothafucka I have ever see . harry I gotta call marion . ( continued ) 139 140 141 142 97 . continued : 139 tyrone let 's find a hospital first . CUT to : int . psyche ward 140 a needle punture Sara 's arm . the nurse wipe off the blood that spill out . in a surreal moment , the world slow down . Real slow . Sara 's tongue stick to the top of she mouth . she pries it off with a rattling smack in she brain . her mouth be dry and small drop of foam form on the side of she chap lip . CUT to : int . southern doctor 's examination room 141 to try and disperse the pain , Harry march around the examination room . the pain be excruciate . a grey-haire Southern Doctor come in . southern doctor what 's the problem ? harry my arm , it 's kill I . the Doctor look for a moment . then , he grab Harry 's arm and look at it . Harry wince in pain . southern doctor I 'il be back in a minute . the Doctor leave . CUT to : int . marion 's apartment 142 marion stare at a empty pile of bag in front of she . then she stare at the photo of she and Harry in front of the store . next , she flip it over and look at Big Tim 's number . a moment later she pick it up and dial Big Tim . big tim ( off-screen ) yeah !? ( continued ) 142 143 144 145 98 . continued : 142 marion ( nervous ) hi ... Big Tim let go a big laugh . CUT to : int . psyche ward 143 two male attendant enter with a tray of food . they joke with each other and barely notice Sara . they try to lift Sara up but she can not support herself . then they try harder and they shove she into a sit position . one of the attendant put some food in she mouth . she try to swallow , but she throat be not work . attendant ( slow motion ) s-w-a-l-l-o-w ! s-w-a-1-1-o-w ! but the food just dribble out the side . as they continue they conversation about the jet , they grab she and force the food down she throat by hold she nose and keep she mouth shut . her eye blast open in terror . her head beat thunderously in she ear . CUT to : int . marion 's apartment 144 marion put mascara on she leave eye . then she put on some clothes . CUT to : int . southern doctor 's waiting room 145 tyrone fill through a old copy of fortune Magazine . he try to ignore all the white folk gawk at he . then he spot a pair of boot stand in front of he . next , he spot the gun and baton . tyrone look up into a tower highway cop 's stern glare . cuff one wrist , cuff the other . CUT to : 146 147 148 99 . int . marion 's apartment 146 tight on marion 's right eye as she carefully apply mascara . she put on some more clothes . CUT to : int . psyche ward 147 Doctor Spencer tower over Sara . he read she chart and be concerned . doctor spencer you have to eat , Mrs goldfarb . if we be go to get you healthy again , you have to eat . try to work with the attendant . I be go to try some new medication . they should help we . he pat she on the shoulder and walk away . Sara try to call for he , to make any noise , to plead , to do anything . but she can not . a moment later , the two male attendant come for she . they grab she and move she into a wheelchair . restraint for she arm and leg be slap on . they grab a clear plastic tube . they cover it with lubricant . then they try to slide it into she nose . Sara struggle until one attendant grab she head and whacks it flat against a head rest . attendant ok , miss , just relax . we be gonna try to help you to eat . pin , they slide the tube into Sara 's nose , down she throat and into she stomach . then the feed begin . CUT to : int . marion 's apartment 148 tight on marion 's lip as she put on lipstick . marion smack she lip together . marion in front of the full - length mirror be dress to the hilt . ( continued ) 148 149 100 . continued : 148 she make last minute correction to she outfit when the phone ring . nervous , she answer . marion hello ? CUT to : int . southern jail payphone area - marion 's apartment 149 intercut : Harry in pain on the telephone . marion sit by the phone . harry marion . marion Harry ? oh , Harry . harry oh , marion , I have be think about you . you be ok ? marion when you come back ? harry soon . you be hold out right ? marion when ? harry soon . everything 's go to be alright . marion will you come today ? harry yeah , soon . just wait for I . i’1l be back soon . you 'il wait , right ? marion do not answer . she close she eye . harry marion . marion yeah . ( continued ) 149 150 151 152 101 . continued : 149 harry just wait . marion I will , Harry . harry I be come , marion . I be . and I be sorry . I be real sorry . marion I know , Harry . I know . a long beat . silence . slowly marion hang up . by the payphone 150 -- Harry hang up . his sob turn into he pain . his pain turn into he misery . in marion 's apartment 151 -- marion hang up and wipe away she tear . she catch she image in the mirror and quickly finish she mascara . then : crinkle , sprinkle , flick , drift , suck , sigh ... CUT to : int . psyche ward - hallway 152 Sara be still strapped to the wheelchair . Doctor Spencer smile at she . doctor spencer Mrs goldfarb , be you alright ? Sara can not respond . she can only look . Doctor Spencer try to be positive . doctor spencer Mrs goldfarb , we have try several medication and you do not seem to be respond . I believe we have come to a point where we need to try some alternative method . we have have excellent result with this technique in the past . so if I can just get you John hancock , we 'il get underway . ( continued ) 152 153 154 155 102 . continued : 152 Doctor Spencer hand Sara a pen . somehow , she be able to sign . CUT to : int . holding tank 153 Harry be withdraw in pain on he bunk . tyrone be at the bar , sweat and die . harry Jesus krist . I need a doctor . tyrone ( through bar ) my friend need a doctor . please . he need a doctor . harry I will not make it . tyrone ( to Harry ) just hang tough , baby . just hang tough . harry please ! please , ma! help I . tyrone ( through bar ) help ! please ! harry please , maaaaaa ! CUT to : int . psyche ward - hallway 154 Sara be quickly unstrapped from she wheelchair . she 's lift up and place onto a gurney . her head hang , lifeless . then she 's strapped down . CUT to : int . big tim 's lush pad 155 tight on marion 's hand knock on Big Tim 's front door . tight on Big Tim 's famous smile : ( continued ) 155 156 157 158 159 103 . continued : 155 big tim maid marion . welcome . CUT to : int . psyche ward - hallway 156 Sara be wheeled quickly through the hall of the asylum . CUT to : ext . holding tank 157 tyrone try to keep Harry in line with all the convict but Harry can barely stand . a Court Doctor , follow by two Guards , move from prisoner to prisoner . bore to death he look into each prisoner 's eye with a mini-mag and say : court doctor can you hear I ? can you see I ? each prisoner respond : prisoner yes , sir . the doctor check a box on a piece of paper . court doctor ok for work . the Guards chuckle . CUT to : int . psyche ward - hallway 158 Sara continue she trip on the gurney . terror enter she heart . CUT to : ext . holding tank 159 now it 's tyrone 's turn . court doctor can you hear I ? can you see I ? tyrone nod . that be not good enough , and so a guard whacks he in the back of the head . ( continued ) 104 . 159 continued : 159 guard say ' sir’ , nigga . God damn New yawk dope fien 's niggas . learn some manners . court doctor can you hear I ? can you see I ? tyrone yes , sir . guard good boy . they chuckle . the doctor move down to Harry . Harry can barely stand . his eye be glaze over . court doctor can you hear I ? can you see I ? guard say he 's get something wrong with he arm . the doctor yank Harry 's sleeve up . lightn pain : harry ( scream ) ma ... Harry collapse . the guard laugh at he as they pick he up . guard you mommy be not here . the doctor look at Harry 's arm . the guard grab they nose and almost yack from the smell . court doctor I do not think you 'il be put any more dope in that arm . guard damn , it smell worse than he do . court doctor better get he over to the hospital . I do not expect he x11 live out the week . CUT to : 160 161 162 105 . int . psyche ward - SHOCK therapy room 160 Sara be unstrapped from the gurney . then she be lift off the gurney and laid on a table . next she be strapped to the table . she try to struggle but the hand be too many , too strong . CUT to : int . big tim 's lush pad 161 we hear twenty man cheer as we glimpse into the room . they be all wear suit and hold flashlight . tight on marion 's shocked face . tight on Big Tim 's know smile . tight on cigar in stranger 's mouth . tight on male hand clap . tight on empty face of five other pretty woman check out marion . big tim ( whisper to marion ) they be six of you cuttin’ up a entire piece . marion look at he . big tim a 's it be real good . marion accept it . then ... tight on Big Tim 's famous smile : big tim show time . the man shine they light on marion 's clothed tit , she private . CUT to : int . psyche ward - SHOCK therapy room 162 someone stick something between Sara 's tooth . the people around she talk casually and laugh occasionally . she try to look around but she body be immobile . she can make out shadow on the edge of she vision but mostly all she see be the light above she . ( continued ) 162 163 164 165 106 . continued : 162 then she feel two cold metal disc place against she temple . CUT to : int . emergency operating room 163 Harry be throw onto a operate table . his clothes be go in a blink of the eye . a serious and focus emergency Doctor step in . emergency doctor we be take it off at the shoulder . let 's move here people , otherwise we lose he . Harry remain semiconscious as the anesthesiologist stick a mask over he face . everything start to go white . the emergency Doctor start up a circular see . before everything be go , Harry witness the doctor cut into he shoulder . CUT to : int . psyche ward 164 Sara 's heart pound in she ear . she try to scream , but a technician interrupt she : technician ( off-screen ) ok , ready and one . smash CUT to : blinding primary red we hear a crowd cheer ! CUT to : int . big tim 's lush pad 165 in slow motion and tight close - up we experience the orgy with marion . there 's nipple , tongue , sex toy , eye close in ecstasy , man 's glare , man 's smile and the like . the image be not sexy , they be scary . one of the girl hold up a double-head dildo and say : ( continued ) 165 166 107 . continued : 165 girl what should we do now ? pervert scream out : pervert ass to ass , ass to ass ! marion comply and the flashlight shine . then the pervert start a chant : pervert cum ! cum ! the other man join in as the pace quicken . pervert and all the men ( building in pace and volume ) cum ! cum ! CUM ! CUM ! CUM !! CUM !!! marion be at first afraid . then , she close she eye . her lip start to quiver . Big Tim 's smile get wider and wider and wider . and then marion come . CUT to : int . psyche ward - SHOCK therapy room 166 Sara 's arched and stiffen body look as if fire have just shot through she body . her eye be almost pop out of she head as she mind scream aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh . . . she settles for a moment on the table . her heart do not beat , she lung do not breathe . a moment later , the breath return . then the heartbeat slowly emerge . and then , the technician : technician ok , ready and two . smash CUT to : primary red a crowd cheer ! then we fade to : 167 168 169 170 108 . primary blue 167 then we -- CUT back to : int . psyche ward 168 once again Sara try to scream in pain . flame seem to sear every cell of she body and she bone feel like they be be twisted and crush . smoke simmer off of she hair and skin . as she body settles , it happen one last time : technician ok , ready and three . smash CUT to : primary blue 169 the crowd cheer once more . dissolve to : ext . coney island pier 170 the pier stretch off into the beautiful sea . a woman ina red dress walk a baby carriage . now we be on Harry , look healthy and vibrant . he scream for marion ! but she do not hear he and she keep walk . he run after they . when he get close , he suddenly stop . marion turn around . he reach to hug she . but , as he do we be in -- black Harry get terrify . he start to scream for marion . harry marion ? marion ?! he step backwards off the edge of a cliff and rush headfirst into a concrete sidewalk as he scream : harry marion ! ( continued ) 170 171 172 109 . continued : 170 and we -- CUT to : int . hospital room 171 a angelic nurse look down upon Harry . tube stick into every part of he . his eye be half -open . she wipe the sweat from he brow . harry marion . angelic nurse it 's alright . do not worry . you be in a hospital and you be go to be just fine . harry marion . marion . angelic nurse who 's that ? she 'il be send for . she x11 come . she love you and she ’1l1 come . then Harry open he eye fully . for a moment he understand . he be a adult and he be calm . harry no . angelic nurse no ? harry no . she will not . angelic nurse she ’1l1 come . harry no . she will not . and then Harry start to cry . as we float up high above he bed we watch he curl into a ball . CUT to : ext . jail machine shop 172 tyrone drill hole into metal plate with a oversize machine . he dry heave and fight to stay in he seat . ( continued ) 172 173 174 110 . continued : 172 a laugh Guard snicker at he . CUT to : int . marion 's apartment 173 at the foot of marion 's couch be the tear and smear sketches of marion 's design . marion come in through the front door . she walk across the sketches and sit on the couch . she have lipstick smear across she face . she pull out a large bag of dope and stare at it . happily , she fondle the bag . then , she hug it tight against she bosom . slowly , she curl up into a fetal position , content . CUT to : int . jail dormitory 174 the work gang collapse onto they individual bunk . tyrone , sweaty and dirty , do the same . he fight the cramp in he stomach for as long as he can until he pass out . then , tyrone and he bed dissolve into the past . Young tyrone rest in he mom 's generous arm . finally , it be peaceful . tyrone 's mom brushes the tear from he eye . tyrone 's mother how 's you tummy feel ? young tyrone it 's mostly go , momma . I doan 's need no more medicine . tyronea mother that 's my big boy . he look up at he mom as she start to sing ' hush little baby 's . young tyrone you breath be all nice an’ sweet , mommy . she hug she son tight . ( continued ) 111 . 174 continued : 174 175 176 177 tyronea mother the sweetness be in you , child , the sweetness be in you . CUT to : int . psyche ward - visiting room 175 ada and rae sit in the corner of the room stunne by they surroundings . mounted on the wall be a television . tappy tibbon be on . no one be watch . Sara shuffles towards they and they barely recognize she . her grey root match she grey skin which match she grey gown . ada start take food out of a large shopping bag . ada we get some lox and cream cheese and bagel and blintzes with sour cream and some danish and pastrami and chop liver on rye with mustard and onion and a container of tea and ... how be you , dolly ? but Sara do not answer . she can not . they put they hand on they friend 's shoulder but nothing seem to reach she . then they notice that water be drip down Sara 's leg and onto the floor . Sara have urinate on herself . CUT to : ext . bus stop 176 ada and rae sit wait for the bus on a grey day in front of a grey building . tear flow from they eye . they hug each other . CUT to : int . psyche ward 177 Sara lie on she bed . a tiny smile emerge on she face . we get closer and closer to she until we go into the blackness of she pupil . deep in the blackness we see another world . it be a world of primary blue . and suck we into the blue be the roar of a crowd . and there with a giant smile be good ol 's tappy in black tie . ( continued ) 177 continued : 112 . 177 he look into the camera and say : tappy tibbon and we next winner be that delightful personality , straight from Brighton Beach , Brooklyn , please give a juicy welcome to Mrs goldfarb . Red Sara step out and join tappy . she 's overwhelm . tappy and audience juice by Sara ! juice by Sara ! juice by Sara ! o00000000h ! Sara 's get juice ! Sara 's get juice ! ooo000000h Sara ! tappy tibbon and Mrs goldfarb , that 's not it . I be delighted to tell you that you have just win the grand prize . red SARA really ? tappy tibbon yes ! how do it feel ?! red SARA it feel great . I feel wonderful . I feel amazing . this be great ! the audience go crazy , they love it . and they start to chant : the chant audience we love Sara ! we love Sara ! continue ... tappy tibbon they love you , Sara . red SARA I love they . oh , I love they . tappy tibbon now let I show you what you have win . you prize have a sweet smile and he own private business . he just get engage and he 's plan to get married this summer . will you please give a juicy welcome to Mrs Sara goldfarb 's one and only son -- Harry goldfarb ! ( continued ) 113. 177 continued : ( 2 ) 177 Harry walk out from back . the audience be out of they seat , scream at the top of they lung . Sara be gush ! tappy and audience juice by Harry ! juice by Harry ! juice by Harry ! o0000000h ! Harry 's get juice ! Harry 's get juice ! ooo000000h Harry ! Harry walk out and hug he mother . red SARA oh Harry , Harry , Harry . I love you , Harry . harry I love you too , ma . they hug and they hug as the audience scream they applause . a smile fill Sara 's beautiful face . happiness . total and complete love . except for the truth , the nag reality . it mean tear for Sara and she sparkling eye well up with fantastic , warm tear . but they do not damage she glorious smile . fade to black : credit roll