reservation road screenplay by John burnham schwartz and Terry George base on the novel by John burnham schwartz reservation road screenplay by John burnham schwartz and Terry George base on the novel by John burnham schwartz title ... a montage of shot of this idyllic connecticut town a- F the country road . child playing . a group of teenager lounging at a family pool . luxury store on a MAIN STREET . afternoon crowd at a fashionable coffee shop . a young woman jogger push she $ 2,000 stroller . all under the SOUND of a orchestra . ext . connecticut park —- day 1 late afternoon on a sunny , late summer day . a beautiful public park . a school orchestra play on a public bandstand . close on a beautiful woman ( mid-30s ) . this be grace learner . she listen as the piece play , then a young boy , she son , josh ( 10 ) , stand to play he solo piece . her husband , ethan learner , mid-thirty , hold they daughter emma ( 8 ) on he lap . as josh play , a airliner fly overhead , prepare to land . Grace look up , annoyed . josh finish , the orchestra start up just as Emma stand and applaud she brother . ext . connecticut park - dusk 2 the concert be over . the audience break up . ethan and Grace , arm around each other ( like lover ) , move through group of parent . ethan carry he son 's cello . josh play with he sister Emma and some other kid by a tree , they be catch firefly . parent ( 0.s. ) Mr. learner , Mr. learner ! ethan turn . a elegant lady ( 40s ) catch up , thrust she hand out to ethan . parent ( cont 'd ) Evelyn Williams . my son jed be in you media study class . he just love that course . ( continued ) continued : ethan jed 's a clever guy , and fun to be around . you should be proud . this be my wife Grace . josh and Emma run towards they parent . they shake hand . parent hello . do you teach also ? grace no , I be a landscape designer . a tug on Grace 's skirt . emma mommy , mommy , look what josh have get for I . ethan we must get go . tell jed I say hello . Emma hold a glass peanut jar fill with firefly . emma Firefly . they be magic ! evelyn thanks again , good night . Grace walk away with ethan who have he arm around she waist . josh arrive , he hand cup . josh I have get another one . grace you be excellent , josh . ethan you play beautifully . josh be busy put the firefly in the jar . josh thanks , dad . they arrive at they car , get in . ext . route 7 - night 3 it 's dark now . a volvo station wagon travel along a country road . grace ( v.o . a big bath as soon as you get back young lady . int . volvo - night 4 ethan drive , Grace beside he . josh and Emma in the back . ( prairie Home companion be on the radio ) . grace the orchestra conductor say you be go inot the Northeast final this semester . that 's exciting . josh yeah , we have practice tuesday and Saturday . ethan Saturday ? what about we canoe trip ? josh I do not know , dad . it 's the final . garrison kellior on the radio : '' it get cold in Lake wobegon , like you father just walk into the room . '' emma what do that mean ? ethan I guess some people 's father be ... how would you say it ? grace they be severe , cross . they make people tremble . josh like when Mrs. prendegast walk in the room at school . ( continued ) continued : grace no. Mrs. prendegast be not that bad . josh Mom ! josh and Emma begin to study the firefly . ethan switch on the wiper , push the wiper button to clean the dirty screen . nothing . ethan ( mutter ) damn . emma mommy can I keep they in my room forever ? grace I do not think so sweetie , they might die . Emma start cry . emma I do not want they to die . will they die in the jar ? grace it 's okay , we will let they go when we get home , will not we josh . josh sure , mom . the volvo signal leave and turn on to reservation Road . ext . reservation road - continuous 5 the road , narrow and unlit , flanke by wood . ahead lie a country gas station . int . ethan 's car - continuous 6 emma I need to pee . ( continued ) continued : grace can not it wait darling ? emma no mommy . ethan it 's alright . I need to get wiper fluid anyway . the volvo pull in and stop . ethan , Grace and Emma get out . josh pick up the glass jar , study it . close on the glass jar . there be two dead firefly at the bottom of the jar . int . gas station . workshop - night 7 ethan walk into the workshop . the auto repairman , jimmy mcbride , look up from a engine repair job . a old 13 inch tv , with rabbit ear , play in a corner . ethan work late tonight ? jimmy mcbride every night . ethan already have a gallon of fluid in hand . ethan how much ? jimmy mcbride give I three dollar . in the background , a sport news report on tv . sportscaster ( 0.c . ) a marathon session at Fenway end tonight with the Sox win 6 - 4 in the twelfth . ethan hand over three dollar . ethan twelve inning . you be not the only one work late . jimmy mcbride different pay scale . ( continued ) 10 11 12 continued : ethan for sure . be this stuff bio - degradeable ? jimmy mcbride whatever it say on the label . ext . reservation road - night 8 a ford explorer come barrel around a corner . ext . gas station - night 9 ethan step out into the night , read the label , then look up as a car come from he leave , the road be illuminate and in the blaze of light ( from brights ) . he see josh stand between two clump of bush on a aisle by the road . then there be a screech of tire , and , suddenly , from he right , the dark suv careen into the light of the car then they pass . ethan be freeze , about to turn as the suv veer toward he son . ethan josh ! ext . gas station . bathroom - night 10 Grace be hold the door open for Emma when she hear the awful tone of ethan 's warning . ext . gas station - night 11 ethan , freeze , make out the shape of a man drive the suv as it swerve in toward the aisle and he son step back . int . ford explorer - night 12 dwight arno ( 40ish ) see the terrify face of a young boy freeze in he headlight . he try to brake . his cell phone fly against the windscreen . 13 14 15 16 17 ext . reservation road - night 13 the peanut jar fall , crash through the grill and smashes the passenger side headlight of the suv . ext . reservation road - continuous 14 ethan watch in terror as the suv hit josh , bounce he sideways , and he disappear behind the clump of tree . int . ford explorer - night 15 josh 's body fly off to the side . at the same time : Inside , luca arno ( 11 ) , be asleep in the passenger seat . he fly forward , he face smashes into the dashboard . dwight lou ! ext . gas station - continuous 16 ethan be running now across the forecourt out onto the road . behind he , a cry : grace ( 0.s. ) ethan ! as he run , he catch a glimpse of the red brake light on the suv further along the road . int . ford explorer - night 17 Inside , dwight reach across to Lucas , who be double up in pain , clutching he eye . dwight be you alright ? then , dwight look in the mirror , see a man ( ethan ) stand in the road , stare , but Lucas be cry now . luca dad , dad , my eye ! ( continued ) 18 19 20 continued : dwight oh , Jesus ! Jesus ! luca it hurt . dwight cradle Lucas in he arm , on he face a look of absolute terror . then a buz SOUND . ext . reservation road - night 18 ethan call out to the suv . ethan hey ! grace ( 0.s. ) where 's josh ?! josh ! ethan turn back toward the verge . ethan josh ! then , the sound of a engine revving . the suv take off . ethan reach josh but , confuse , he turn toward the flee suv . he shout , begin to run after it ... ethan ( cont 'd ) hey ! stop ! int . ford explorer - night 19 dwight look in the mirror again , then put he foot on the gas . dwight it 's alright , I be gonna take care of it . do not cry , please . the Ford explorer speed off into the night . dwight reach over to Lucas . dwight ( cont 'd ) come on , stop cry . ext . reservation road - night 20 now ethan see josh , lifeless , blood trickle from he ear . he fall to he knee beside he child . ( continued ) 21 22 23 24 continued : ethan oh , God , oh God , you be alright , you be alright ... aaahhh ! a cry of pain , as he kneel on shattered glass . grace ( beyond terrify ) ethan ! he look back , see Grace run toward he , then , confuse , she turn back toward Emma , who be freeze mid - forecourt . int . ford explorer - night 21 dwight come on , stop cry , let I see . Lucas turn to he , the eye have begin to swell up . luca what happen dad ? dwight we hit a log . it be lie on the road . I be sorry . it 's gonna be alright . ext . supermarket - night 22 a King kullen supermarket on the edge of town . dwight 's Ford explorer pull into the almost desert car park . dwight ( v.o. ) I ' 1l only be a second . dwight sprint across the car park . ext . supermarket - night 23 from outside , we see dwight 's anxious trot along the aisle , past the register , as he disappear , and reappear with a bag in hand . int . ford explorer - night 24 dwight jump into the car . he have a pack of freeze peas . ( continued ) 25 10 . continued : dwight let I see that . Lucas turn he head , a full blow shiner be develop . dwight ( cont 'd ) here , put this on it . luca pea ! dad ! dwight they be freeze ... like a ice pack . pitcher use it on they arm . as Lucas place the freeze pea pack on he eye , dwight start the explorer . a state trooper car , siren blaring , light flashing , race past on the road . luca what happen dad ? dwight we hit a log , a tree branch on the road . you do not see it ? luca no dad . I do not see anything . ext . reservation road - later 25 sound first : cricket , radio squawk and static . then the state trooper car pull in to join several other block road at the accident site . radio voice ( 0o.s. ) anything ? radio voice 2 ( 0.s. ) negative . a ambulance 's warping red light compete with the flash light of patrol car in front of the gas station . several police be at work , string tape , direct car away , take measurement . Grace , visible in the backseat of the car , face tear - stain , lifeless . Emma curl on she lap , like a baby . ( continued ) 11 . continued : ethan stand in the middle of the road , stare over at the cover body of he son . he look dead , crush . man' voice ( 0.s. ) Sir ? sergeant ken burke ( 40 - ish ) , clean -cut , pull a notebook and pen from he back pocket . sergeant burke I be afraid I need to ask you some question about what occur here . ethan just stare at he . underwater . sergeant burke ( cont ’d ) can you tell we exactly what you see ? Mr. learner ... I have to do this , we have a crime , a fugitive and time be of the essence . ethan sorry . sergeant burke it 's a terrible thing , Mr. learner , but I need you best recollection . ethan yes. ( beat ) I be get washer fluid . sergeant burke what time would this have be ? ethan time ? I do not ... it must have be close to nine . the game report be on ... on the tv . I come out ... 26 inside the police car 26 Grace have Emma 's head bury in she chest . emma where 's josh , mommy ? Grace 's Pov of the medic hover over she dead son . ( continued ) 12 . continued : grace they be take care of he . emma be he go to be alright ? Grace watch as the paramedics lift the body bag , she 's die inside , but try not to lie . grace I ... ahh ... you daddy 's with he . she hold Emma 's head against she so she can not look . 27 on the road 27 sergeant burke and the vehicle that hit you son come from the right ? ethan manage a nod . sergeant burke ( cont ’d ) could you describe it for I ? ethan a truck , a suv ... sergeant burke you get the make ? ethan no. Big ... medium ... dark , blue maybe . sergeant burke could you describe the driver ? ethan be freeze by he own uncertainty . ethan he be ... ah ... no . burke wait for more . ethan ( cont 'd ) oh Christ ... I do not know . it 's a blur . ( continued ) 28 13 . continued : sergeant burke what be you son do on the road ? ethan look at he with tear in he eye . ethan ( beyond pathetic ) I do not know . a long silence . burke slip the notebook into he back pocket and clip the pen to he shirt . sergeant burke I understand . we ’1ll continue tomorrow . one of my guy will drive you home . but ethan 's no longer listen . lose in the nightmare of he own helplessness , stare at the body bag . eth I be not leave my son . sergeant burke I be sorry Mr. learner but need to keep the body here for now . it 's a crime scene . I be go to make sure everything be handle with the great respect . you have get family to look after . please go home . the word ' body 's cut ethan like a sword . int . police cruiser - night 28 ethan get in the back seat . a state trooper in the driver seat . Emma have cry herself asleep . grace where be we go ? ethan Home . grace Home ? the word be poison to she . 29 14 . ext . wheldon house - same time 29 a Colonial house with a porch . a couple of light on inside . RUTH wheldon ( mid-30s ) be at the window , stare out . the explorer turn into the driveway and stop with the single headlight beam shine over the porch . the door open , Ruth emerge , flashlight in hand . she shine the flashlight toward dwight . RUTH what happen to you ? she shine the light directly into dwight 's face . ( how could she know already ? ) dwight why , what 's wrong ? RUTH you be more than two hour late . now the light be on Lucas and she see he hold something to he eye as dwight get out of the suv . RUTH ( cont ’d ) what the hell happen to he ? dwight take it easy Ruth . now Lucas get out , reveal he eye . RUTH oh my God ! do you do this ? dwight what ! be you crazy ? luca Mom , wait . RUTH look at he ! Lucas be between they now . ( continued ) 15 . continued : luca please mom , it be a accident . we hit a log . dwight there be a down tree branch or something on a bend . we go over it and he head hit the ... RUTH why be not he wear a seat belt ? dwight he be ... he mess with it . I do not see he . RUTH ( as she examine Lucas ) oh God , look at this , you know what people be go to think ? dwight no Ruth , what be they go to think ? RUTH that you hit he again . dwight when be you go to get off that lie . I do not hit he , I try to hit you and I miss . norris wheldon ( 40 - ish ) , insurance salesman , Ruth 's husband , rush out of the house , intervene . norris hey , hey ! please , everyone take it easy . let I see that Lucas . RUTH where the hell be you ? dwight we be at the ball game for Christ sake . where the hell do you think we be ? RUTH who know with you . you be two hour late . I call ten time . ( continued ) 16 . continued : ( 2 ) dwight look to Lucas . RUTH ( cont 'd ) one month , just one month you have be allow to have he over the weekend and he come back look like this . every time I cut you some slack , you mess it up . dwight you cut I slack ?! RUTH you wanna go back before the court ? I x11 have you visitation rights pull in a heartbeat . norris please , everyone , let take one step back from this . dwight everything 's fine , get in the car . Ruth examine Lucas eye . RUTH ( to norris ) do you think he need to go to the hospital ? dwight do not be so ... norris dwight please ! Ruth take Lucas inside . as Ruth lead Lucas away . dwight ( to Lucas ) hey , you okay ? luca yeah , dad , I ’1l1 call you tomorrow . dwight smile , nod '' yes . '' luca ( cont 'd ) hey dad , ( hold up the peas ) pee ... nut . ( continued ) 29 a 30 31 32 17 . continued : ( 3 ) Ruth throw a disgust look back at dwight . norris meanwhile have shine he light on the break headlight . norris you better get that light fix , dwight . you will get tickete . dwight yeah . thanks norris . int . learner house . kitchen - night 29 a a dog - sallie , hear something , prick up its ear , bound to the live room window , look out . ext . learner house - later that night 30 a handsome old New England house , set amid a pleasant garden . a cop car pull away as ethan carry Emma towards the door . Grace follow closely into the house . ext . dwight 's house . garage - night 31 a two -bedroom ranch - style , with a single car garage . a place devoid of personality , a divorcee 's rental . dwight pull into the driveway . he lift the remote for the garage door , start it , then change he mind . he get out , walk around to the front passenger side , study the grill guard and the break headlight . int . dwight 's house - night 32 dwight pace into the live room , turn on tv , click through the station , and find the local news , a report on deadlock in the Connecticut State legislature . he wander over to the door , he 's leave the main door open , gaze through the screen door at the suv . he go to the phone , dial . dwight ( into phone ) Connecticut , stratton . stratton police station . dwight listen , mutter a number , hang up . then fumble for a pen , scribbles , study the number . ( continued ) 33 33A 34 18 . continued : he open the freezer , pull out a bottle of stoli vodka , pour some into a glass , take a big swig , then spit it out . dwight ( cont 'd ) shit , fuck , shit ! he collapse onto the couch . int . learner house . master bedroom - night 33 ethan be in they bed with Emma , who have she arm clamp around he neck . emma he 's not come home ? why ? she look to the door in panic . emma ( cont 'd ) where 's mommy ? mommy ! ( track out the door , along the hall , to the bathroom ) inside the bathroom 33A Grace sit on the edge of the bath , listen to the ring of a cellphone , then a woman 's voice , a faint hello . grace Mom . Mom , I have get some terrible news ... Grace try to say the word , they can not come out , instead silence , then gasp , then tear ... collapse , can not speak . int . dwight 's house - dawn 34 dwight be still on the couch , most of the bottle of vodka go , and the ashtray full . he surf 's the radio station , stop at the local station . a News reporter talk again about the deadlock at the State legislature . dwight get up , wander to screen door , see the first ray of a glorious sunrise . dwight 's Pov of the Ford explorer . ( continued ) 35 35 a 36 37 19 . continued : newscaster ( v.o. ) Connecticut state trooper be investigate a fatal hit and run accident on reservation Road near Old greenwich . the victim be believe to be a ten year old boy . no name have be release but State trooper be appeal to anyone drive in the vicinity around 9 pm last night to contact they at 1-800-555 - 1212 . on I - 95 a tractor trailer accident close down the southbound highway for over two hour last night ... close on he face , forehead flat against the door window , as though he whole body need support . int . learner house . bathroom - dawn 35 a set of blind open on a window revealing a glorious sunrise on a very pleasant back garden . the light stream in on ethan , still in he t-shirt and boxer red eye , from lack of sleep . he stare into the mirror , see a spiderman towel hang over the shower bar ( or door ) . he take it down , fold it carefully . ext . dwight 's house - day ( formerly scene 39 ) 35a dwight emerge , get into the explorer , and drive it into the garage . he get out and push a button on the wall and duck under the door as it start to close . the evidence seal up , he start back to he house . omit 36 int . learner house . master bedroom - day 37 ethan , lie on the bed beside Grace . Emma asleep on the other side . he hold she . dwight I have get to go pick up the car . you mother should be here soon . he go to she , lean , kiss . ( continued ) 37a 37b 38 38a 20 . continued : grace do not be long , please . the doorbell ring . grace ( cont 'd ) that can not be mom ? int . learner house . front door - day 37a ethan open the front door . blanca , a Hispanic woman , with clean equipment in she hand , smile . blanca good morning , Mr. learner . ethan ( shocked ) oh blanca , it 's you day . int . learner house . the master bedroom - day 37b Grace settles and look at Emma sleep then , a piercing cry from downstairs . blanca ( 0.s. ) ahh , no ! no not my josh ! blanca 's voice cut the air . int . learner house . hallway - continuous 38 Grace rush down the stair in she nightdress and see ethan try to console blanca . grace oh , blanca , blanca . blanca have know josh since he be a little boy . her grief be raw . Emma stand at the top of the stair look frighten . int . dwight 's house . bedroom - day ( formerly scene 36 ) 38a dwight asleep , still clothed , in the fetal position , on the bed . he awaken , look at the clock , it 's 10:05 . he jump up , rush out . 39 40 41 21 . omit 39 int . local taxi - day 40 close on a thickset hispanic driver who laugh at a joke by the morning drivetime dj . ethan , in the back , scribbles in a note pad , raise he head , stare out the window at the work day morning hustle on this busy street : school kide on bike , commuter scurrying to the local train station , a couple of 14 year old , boy and girl , hold hand as they walk to school . ethan 's cell ring , he study the number , it read dean philip clarkson , he answer . the driver lower the radio . ethan hey phil ... yeah . sorry I can not , phil ... ah ... I be not go to make it in today ... no , no ... a family thing ... in fact , I be not go to be in for a while . ethan listen , as he 's ask what 's wrong , finally he drop he head , confess . ethan ( cont 'd ) look phil , we have have a tragedy ... josh be kill last night . phil ( v.0o . ) ( muffle ) Jesus Christ , ethan ! how ? ethan hit and run . ( a beat ) thanks , thank you . let I call you later . close on the rearview mirror and the driver 's eye . ext . cutter & associate law office - same time 41 a victorian house just outside the center of town . clipped hedge out front and a small parking lot behind . a paint sign read '' cutter and associate . '' ( continued ) 42 42an 22 . continued : a ( similar ) cab pull up . dwight get out in a hurry . int . cutter & associate . reception area - day 42 dwight hurry past the middle - age , frumpy receptionist , who be on the phone . he head down the corridor . steve ( 0.s. ) hey dwight . int . cutter & associate . steve cutter 's office - day 42a a smartly dress , handsome man ( 50ish ) . this be Steve cutter , the owner and principle lawyer of the firm . steve you in court this morning ? dwight Nah , car trouble , the fuck transmission go on the explorer yesterday , spend the morning deal with it . steve how would it go with Lucas this weekend ? dwight really good , why ? steve I get a call from Ruth this morning , say you be belligerent , bring Lucas home with a black eye . dwight bitch . he smack he eye on the dash . she throw a shit fit . steve look buddy , you can not get into situation with she . she drag we in front of that judge again you will loose the sleep over . nora fennelli 's wait . dwight nod , mutter fuck to himself as he leave . 23. 43 int . cutter & associate . dwight 's office - day 43 dwight hurry in . nora fennelli be read a old New Yorker magazine . dwight hey nora , how be you ? nora bore . I have be sit here for forty minute . dwight sorry , car trouble . you look good . have you lose weight ? nora only in my purse , thanks to the bill I get from you guy . 44 ext . state police barracks - morning 44 sunlight . the state trooper office , clean , modern . the cab pull up at the entrance . ethan hand the driver some money . ethan keep the change . as ethan walk up the step , he see a batter old suv , ( dark blue ) on a truck flat bed . he hurry . ethan ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) do you get he ? 45 int . state police barracks . burke 's office - day 45 ethan sit across from sgt. burke . sergeant burke no , I be afraid not . ethan I see a suv out there . sergeant burke similar ? ( continued ) 46 24 . continued : ethan well yeah , dark , the same shape . ethan 's Pov - through a window - of the suv . sergeant burke . we have have that since Saturday . you think that might be the model ? ethan well something like that . they sit again . sergeant burke good , we be get somewhere . let 's look at some similar make . ethan what be the chance of this man turn himself in ? sergeant burke in the first few day , very good . he 's drunk or high , he go home , sober up , realize what he 's do and turn himself in . the longer it go then surrender become less likely . CUT to : int . state police barracks . burke 's office - later 46 close on a Starbucks coffee cup place on a desk . state trooper ( 0.s. ) decaf latte . ethan nod as the State trooper set it down . ethan 's be there awhile now - file , photo be spread across burke 's desk . ethan sip , think , then ... ethan he shout something . sergeant burke who do ? ethan the driver . yeah , that 's right a shout , sound like lo ... look . ( continued ) 25 . continued : sergeant burke look out maybe . ethan I do not know , I do not hear anymore . sergeant burke no one else in the truck ? ethan no , I do not see anyone . it all happen in a flash . sergeant burke do you notice anything unusual about the vehicle , snow plough attachment , grill guard . ethan shake he head '' no , '' uncomfortable with he lack of memory . sergeant burke ( cont 'd ) the reason I ask be that we usually find some debris from the impact : paint flake , fiber glass , dirt the wheel well . there be none of that at the scene . ethan it be all so fast . burke lift some evidence bag from a box . sergeant burke we gather up some item from around the scene , perhaps you could take a look . the first bag contain some crush soda can , empty cigarette pakc . ethan study , shake he head no . the burke reach in take out another bag , its the peanut jar , intact , the lid be separate , the firefly be go . etha 's look register with burke . sergeant burke ( cont ’d ) you recognize that . ethan no . it be a peanut jar . josh collect firefly in it . ( continued ) 46 B 47 48 49 50 26 . continued : ( 2 ) sergeant burke you think that 's why he get out of you car ? to collect firefly . ethan no. to let they go . ext . police barracks - day 46b burke walk ethan to he car . sergeant burke this be a small town , Mr. learner . we have mobilize all we resource . I be hopeful we will find this vehicle and catch this man quickly . ethan acknowledge the support . sergeant burke hand ethan a brown envelope . sergeant burke ( cont ’d ) victim service have put together a package of brochure , advise about practical and legal aspect of deal with this sort of crime . all we number be in there . call any time . ethan thanks . ethan get in the volvo , still daze from the peanut jar revelation . omit 47 omit 48 omit 49 int . cutter & associate . reception area - day 50 Inside , dwight head toward the exit door , stop momentarily at cutter 's door . Steve be on the phone . steve ( on phone ) one second ... ( continued ) 51 52 27 . continued : dwight I gotta get a rental ' till I figure this car thing out . ext . cutter & associate - day 51 dwight step outside , a taxi be wait . he try to breathe fresh air into he lung . as he stand , ethan 's car drive by . int . learner house . kitchen - a hour later 52 sunlight . Grace be at the kitchen table , do nothing . shuffle papers , stare at Emma who sit on the outside porch draw for she grandmother beth . Grace see ethan come up the porch stair , take Beth be he arm , they embrace , profoundly . ethan enter , ethan it 's good you mother 's here . Grace get up , move toward he . grace what do they say ? do they get anyone ? he take she in he arm . the embrace hold . ethan no . they do not have anything yet . grace not anything ? ethan nothing . grace do you remember anything ? anything more ? ( continued ) 28 . continued : ethan I ahh , yeah I go over what I see , try to pick the make of he truck . detail . the embrace break , she look in he eye . grace what be he do out of the car , ethan ? he 's silent , but Grace know ethan , read he face . grace ( cont 'd ) what ? ethan nothing . grace tell I ethan . ethan they find the peanut jar ... grace the firefly jar ? where ? ethan Broken , on the road . grace oh Jesus , it be my fault . he be let they go because I tell he they might die ! ethan grab she hand , hold on . ethan it be nobody 's fault . grace but he go to the bush , all over the stupid firefly . Emma appear behind they hold a draw . emma what happen to the firefly ? do they die with josh ? her grandmother scoops she up . 53 54 54a 55 56 57 29 . omit 53 ext . dwight 's house - day 54 dwight pull up into the driveway in a rent , light color , mid-size car , and park it under the tree . ext . reservation road . gas station - afternoon 54a ethan 's car pull up . as he walk away from it we see he be at reservation Road now in the afternoon sunlight , autumn tree , under a clear sky . he walk the road , see a softball square , a old cemetery . he wander to the gas station . he stand by the gas pump , stare up the road . try to force himself to see clue he miss . ext . funeral parlor - day 55 again , the set idyllic , trim bush , carefully groom lawn , fake roman pillar around the entrance to add style to the building . ethan pull up . int . funeral parlor . office - day 56 the interior tastefully depress , wood panell , abundant flower soothing music . ethan sit opposite the funeral director . funeral director be you think of cremation or burial ? ethan be stunne by the choice . ethan cremation , no ? I do not know ... funeral director some people prefer to have a place in a garden of remembrance to visit , care for . other prefer cremation so that they can perhaps release the ash in a favorite place ... omit 57 58 59 30 . int . learner house . kitchen - night 58 late night . Grace and ethan be at the kitchen table alone . ethan .».. we can bury he in the cemetery , among the line of headstone . or we can take he to the place he love most in the world , and let he become part of that . he take she hand pull she closer . ethan ( cont 'd ) let 's take he to the shore . he kiss she , wipe tear from she eye . grace will I see he , one last time , the way he be ? ethan tomorrow . grace I be go mad ethan . why do this happen to we ? what do we do to deserve this ? ethan do not , we will get through it . they kiss , and cling to each other . int . dwight 's house . kitchen - day 59 close on the local newspaper headline . '' local boy kill in hit and run - police appeal for help . '' pull back from photo and reveal : dwight study the photo , read the article , the newspaper spread out on he breakfast bar . he drop he head and bang it on the newspaper , again and again , harder and harder . 61 62 31 . int . learner house . kitchen - day the same newspaper be on the counter top . ethan have he arm around Grace as they read it together . they be in they funeral clothes grace who give they that photo ? ethan it 's a school photo . it do not matter . close on the school photo of josh smile . Grace 's mother arrive in the kitchen with Emma , both dress for the funeral . grandmother here we be . ethan pick Emma up in he arm . ethan we would better go . ext . local STREET - day 61 dwight 's rental car pull up and park . he switch off the engine and stare out at : a church , some 100 yard away . int . church - day 62 close on the puzzle face of schoolboys and girl - josh 's classmate - not use to deal with death . this small Episcopalian church be crowded with ethan 's fellow professors , family and friend , and a contingent of school child , who have gather for this ceremony . minister Ruth wheldon , from High River school and some of she choir will sing amazing Grace . feel free to sing along in celebration of josh . a SMALL choir include luca play . Ruth wheldon be on the piano , they launch into amazing Grace , many in the church join in . 63 64 65 66 32 . ext . local STREET - day 63 dwight sit in he rental car , look toward the church further down the street as the crowd emerge from the service . dwight take off he sunglass , stare . he watch as ethan and Grace emerge with Emma , hand in hand between they . dwight 's heart be pound , he hand tremble , as though ethan will look up and recognize he . he put the sunglass back on . then he eye widen in shock , because : he see he ex- wife Ruth emerge from the church and console ethan and Grace . dwight start the car , do a u-turn in the street , and take off . ext . church - day 64 the coffin have be place in the hearse . ethan , and Grace watch . grace mother hold on to Emma . as the hearse pull away , Grace can no longer hold she composure , she move away from ethan toward the hearse . grace ( cry ) no , no , please . josh do not leave we . ethan be beside she now hold she as she mother comfort Emma . omitted . 65 ext . learner house - morning 66 it 's Monday morning , a week have go by . the house , a emblem of New England serenity . ethan emerge , hand in hand with Emma . Grace in she bathrobe , hair unbrush - watch from the window . Emma wave goodbye . the car take off , now Grace be totally alone . 67 68 33. int . learner house . kitchen - day 67 Close on Grace 's hand as she plug the power cord of the answer machine back in . press play . the record message light show 34 . her finger hover over the ' delete all 's button , about to hit it , then she stop , hit ' play 's . she listen to the first word of a message , a distraught voice , '' ethan , Grace ... '' she hit delete , next be '' my God ... '' delete . with each message , all Grace need be the first syllable , then delete , faster , faster , the number dwindle , 22 , 17 , 11 , 9 , then the frantic tone of voice disappear . now we hear '' hello Grace , its walden , I have that white pine you order . '' delete . Grace , judie greenberg darling , my rockery 's ... then : josh ( v.o. ) hey mom , I need rosin for my cello , it 's on top of my desk . can you bring they with you ? Love you . bye . '' she play it again , again , transport back before the horror , then a buzz , another buzz . it 's the doorbell . int . learner house . front door - continuous 68 Grace open the door and reveal , a mexican gardener , raul , and behind he out on the road , he truck and he two man crew , watch . raul signora Grace , you be to meet we at the greer house . grace where ? raul the greer house , the new job ? grace have you get any other work you can do for a few day raul ? , I be not feel too good . raul ( disappointed ) I do not have no big job ... ( continued ) 34 . continued : grace just a few day . a state trooper patrol car pull into the driveway . raul okay , okay ! call you Wednesday . grace yes , call . sgt . burke emerge from he car , carry a plastic bag . grace ( cont 'd ) be there news ? burke take in the sight of this beautiful dishevel woman in she bathrobe , finger - comb she hair . burke come forward . Grace eye the bag . sergeant burke ( cont ’d ) I tell you husband I would drop by ? grace he 's take we daughter to school . what be ... sergeant burke forensics have return you son 's belonging . she stand back from the door , and burke enter . int . learner house . kitchen - day Grace and sgt. burke sit in oppressive silence . grace ethan should be back soon . sergeant burke ( helpfully ) yeah he say he have be here . Grace look down at the bag . go to reach out . burke throw a diversionary request . sergeant burke ( cont 'd ) you would not have some water ... ( continued ) 35 . continued : grace sure , would you prefer coffee ? sergeant burke coffee would be great , I never feel human ' till my sixth cup . Grace be have trouble put this cup of coffee together . she search in the fridge . grace milk . I be not ... sergeant burke Black be fine . the front door open , ethan hurry in . grace ethan , sergeant burke stop - ethan ( interupt burke ) any news ? sergeant burke I bring back some item , you son 's clothes . but yes we be make some progress . ethan sit beside Grace at the table , take she hand . Grace drop she head , ethan wait for more news . sergeant burke ( cont 'd ) as I think , the nature of the injury indicate that the suv be fitte with a grill guard . ethan the nature of the injury ? sergeant burke the autopsy result indicate a grill guard . ethan how ? ( continued ) continued : 36 . ( 2 ) sergeant burke ( reluctant ) josh suffer a sharp blow to the rib cage which fracture several rib , and unfortunately drive one into he heart . he die instantly , no pain . grace how do you know ? sergeant burke ( lie ) the medical officer assure I . ethan you be look for a dark suv with a grill guard . anything more ? sergeant burke it help we narrow the field somewhat . we be still work on the headlight glass and we be canvase the area . on Sunday we intend to set up checkpoint at the time of the accident . question driver who may have pass . grace but its be seven day now . ethan he could be in Mexico by now . sergeant burke this investigation can take time .. grace if you catch he ? what will happen to he ? sergeant burke he ’1ll be prosecute to the full extent of the law . ethan which be what ? sergeant burke depend on the circumstance he could get ten year in prison ... ( continued ) 70 71 37 . continued : ( 3 ) ethan what do depend on the circumstance mean ? sergeant burke the state of Connecticut have a variety of sentencing criterion that have to be assess ... grace I do not understand , he kill we son ? ethan how many people get away with this ? sergeant burke you know Mr. learner , I do not have the exact figure , but I ’1ll get they for you . Rest assure , we be do everything to get he . omit 70 int . learner house . ethan 's study - day 71 ethan watch as the state trooper car drive away , then head for he computer . on screen : google hit and run , Connecticut . grace ( 0.c . ) do you think I should wash they ? he turn around . Grace have josh 's clothes in she arm int . ethan 's study - night it 's dark now ethan be on the internet scan web site . on screen : the screen flicker through : deadlyroads.com. , page related to stat . , statue of limitation , victim photo . Grace come in , kiss he . ( continued ) 73 74 continued : 38 . grace she 's asleep now . ethan you have get to read this . ten percent of hit and run case be never resovle . Grace do not know what to say . grace be you come to bed ? ethan yeah . grace tomorrow , will you pick up some grocery on the way home ? ethan you have to leave the house soon , Grace . grace I can not , ethan , not yet . he hold she . ext . connecticut college - day 73 from afar : as ethan ascend the step , he be stop several time by well wisher who offer handshake , pat on the back , nod . int . connecticut college . lecture hall - day 74 maybe forty student , whisper gravely among each other . then ethan enter . silence . ethan hi there . okay . I guess you all know that we lose we son josh last week . ( a beat ) I know from all you email that you grieve with I . now I need to move forward . the best thing you can do to help I be for we all to plunge back into we work . ( more ) ( continued ) 75 76 77 continued : ethan ( cont 'd ) ( open file ) today we pick up with we investigation of the twenty four hour news channel , where all the news be break , and all the commentator be righteous . they all laugh . ethan ( cont 'd ) let 's go back to where it all start with Ted Turner aand CNN . ext . cutter & associate - day dwight 's rental car pull into the lot . int . cutter & associate . reception area - day 39 . 75 76 dwight be walk past cutter 's office , the door be half open . Steve cutter be talk to somebody we can not see . steve ( cont 'd ) hey dwight , you get a minute ? int . cutter & associate . cutter 's office - continuous 77 dwight walk into Jack 's office - and see ethan on the couch look up toward he . dwight oh ... ah ... hello . sorry I do not ... steve dwight , this be Professor ethan learner . my associate dwight arno . ethan lose he son josh in that terrible hit and run last week over by reservation Road . you must have read about it ? dwight address ethan - disappointed in some way that ethan have not identify he . dwight yes . I be truly sorry , Mr. learner . ethan thank you . ( continued ) 40 . continued : steve Mr. learner feel he need we help . cutter indicate for dwight to sit beside ethan . ethan it 's be over a week . the police have not find the killer . they have nothing or they be not tell we what they have . ( hand a folder to dwight ) here 's they initial report . ( beat ) I want this man , this ... animal , prosecute for homicide . dwight you see the guy ? ethan for a instant . steve would you be able to give a description ? ethan I might be able to pick he out of a police lineup , or if I sawa picture . it be very dark . steve we will start with the state trooper , and the da 's office , light a fire under they ass , make sure the case be be prosecute professionally . then you should think about a civil suit . ethan what do that ential ? dwight a civil suit ... ah ... would be ... it 's a suit against ... the person steve ( jump in ) the perpetrator . dwight uhm , yes , the perpetrator . ( continued ) 41 . continued : ( 2 ) steve we will sue the perpetrator . a civil suit be a action that result in financiall remuneration . ethan I want this man to go to jail . steve you tell I earlier that you son die because he be strike by the grill guard . the manufacturer should be sure , let they know this thing be for cattle ranch , not we city street . dwight and i will get all the relevant detial fromt th police , the corner 's office . I think donna have all we contact detail , right ? here be we card . ethan take the card . he and Steve stand . dwight follow , fumble for a card , and finally hand one to etahan . ethan shake hand with dwight and Steve . ethan thank you . dwight turn away as Steve walk ethan to the door . steve we be sorry for you loss . we be go to stay with you during this whole process . ethan leave . Steve close the door . steve what the fuck be wrong with you ? dwight come on Steve , we do not do this sort of case . steve why not ? there be guy in the city make a fortune with this sorta work . since 9 /11 victim comp . be huge . besides , I feel for the guy , do not you ? ( continued ) 78 79 79 k 42 . continued : ( 3 ) dwight yeah but I have get the fennelli thing ... you think you can take this one ? steve what , you be too busy ? come on dwight , eleven o'clock , you wander in , what give this day ? dwight I have not be sleep good . steve you see a doctor ? dwight shake he head '' no . '' steve ( cont 'd ) hey what have I tell you , stop put thing off . go see a doctor , get a good night 's sleep . we get work to do . omit 78 ext . long island shore - day 79 Dawn break , the sun rise over the Connecticut shore . ethan and Grace be on a rock at the edge of a cove , watch the sunrise . ethan have tthe stone urn in he aarm as Grace speak grace you give we more than we could have ever ask . you give we joy and laughter , and the beauty of you music . thank you my beautiful josh . ethan carefully pour the ash into the sea as they hold each other like two survivor on the last piece of driftwood from a shipwreck . ext . child 's playground - day 79 a a group of mother play with they kide on the slide and swing . in the background , Grace 's car speed past . 80 43. ext . sherman R. lewis school - afternoon 80 School 's out , most of the child have go . Emma sit on a bench with Ruth wheldon . Grace 's car pull up . Ruth see she . RUTH hey , there 's you mom . Grace get out of the car and hurry to they grace I be really sorry I be late Mrs. wheldon . RUTH no problem . Emma be so good today , I wish you could have hear she . grace thank you , she love you class . as Emma trot on toward the car : RUTH can I have a quick word , Mrs. learner ? grace Grace , please . RUTH wheldon Emma show a lot of promise on the piano . I have like to give she some extra tutoring after school , free of course . I think it might keep she occupy . help , you know ... grace you do not have to do that . RUTH wheldon I really want to . grace why do not I ask she . RUTH wheldon of course . ( continued ) 81 82 83 44 , continued : Grace walk to the car . omit 81 int . grace 's car - continuous 82 Grace get in . emma why be you late ? grace I be sorry sweetie , I ahh ... Mrs. wheldon be wonder if you would like to practice piano with she , after school ? Emma look out the window , do not answer . grace ( cont 'd ) you do not have to do anything you do not want to do . emma can you hear music if you be dead ? Grace stare at she . grace yes . emma okay then . omit 83 int . learner house . ethan 's study - later - day ethan be on the internet . on screen : web site show damage car , advice page about law suit , civil action . the printer spew out page . Emma come in , hug he , tighter , more desperate than normal . Grace come in behind she . ethan how be school honey ? ( continued ) 84 a 45 . continued : emma no one want to talk to I . ethan they're sad about josh and they do not want to upset you . emma can I watch tv ? ethan sure . Emma wander off . Grace look at ethan . ethan ( cont 'd ) look at this . ethan pull up a internet page on law . ethan ( cont 'd ) in order to prove hit and run you have to be able to prove that the driver know he someone . if he say he think he hit a deer , he can get off . Grace be in a different zone . grace you think maybe you can make dinner for the kid ? ethan be catch up in the web page . ethan sure . Grace realize . grace the kid ? ethan turn now , take she in he arm . ext . dwight 's house - day 84a dwight and Lucas walk from the car , load down with pizza , snack , soda . ( continued ) 46 . continued : luca ( nervous ) hey dad , I have get something I have get to tell you . dwight yeah ? luca I get suspend from school . dwight why ? get the door . and Lucas do . 85 int . dwight 's house . kitchen - day - continuous 85 dwight come on , out with it . luca I get into a fight , with paulie Ferrari . he have to have stitches . dwight grab Lucas by the shirt and pull he closer . dwight what the hell 's wrong with you man ? what do you do to he that he have to have stitches ? Lucas start to cry . dwight suddenly realize that he 's over-react . luca please dad , do not ! dwight I be sorry , I be sorry , I do not mean to do that . it 's alright . come on , sit down , tell I what happen . Lucas rub he eye . ( continued ) continued : 47 . luca we be in the hallway , and paulie Ferrari throw a water balloon at benny , but benny duck and Mrs. swanson , the math teacher , come round the corner and get hit in the face . she want to know who do it but paulie would not own up . so we all get after school detention . dwight how do you get into a fight ? luca after detention I call paulie a no-good coward . we start to fight and he bang he head on the ground . dwight how many stitches ? luca six I think . dwight I do not want you fight do you hear I . luca you and mom fight . dwight yeah , and look where it get we . I do not want you fight . luca but dad , he be a total coward . dwight paulie Ferrari do not need you beat he up to know he do wrong . luca Mom say I have to have no tv tonight . will you watch the game and tell I the score . 86 48. int . dwight 's house . live room - night 86 dwight 's in he live room . ( Lucas be in he bedroom ) a redsox game be on the tv - on mute . the cellular phone ring . dwight pick it up . dwight oh , hi Ruth . RUTH ( 0.s. ) do he tell you ? dwight yeah , he tell I . int . RUTH 's kitchen . night Ruth be in a corner *. on the phone . we cut between location . RUTH I think he need therapy . dwight what ? RUTH he need to see someone to deal with ... dwight it be a fight in a schoolyard , Ruth . RUTH he have anger issue ... dwight what if we go to therapy instead of he ? RUTH we ? dwight yeah you and I . try to change we life , lead by example . RUTH dwight there be no we anymore . ( continued ) 49 . continued : dwight I be serious . let 's do it . RUTH do he tell you he have to stay in he room ? dwight tell I this , do you really love norris ? RUTH Boy you never change ? dwight but do you ? RUTH make sure he stay in he room . no tv. good night . dwight ( plead ) wait Ruth , I need to talk to you . click . 87 int . dwight 's house . spare bedroom - night 87 dwight sit on the bed beside Lucas . luca how 's the game go ? dwight the Sox be ahead three to one . listen , I want to talk to you about what you say , about you mom and I fight . since I be you age , I think that be how man and woman behave . you grandpa would fly off the handle at the smallest thing . his soup be cold he have blow he top . I have sit there want to put my finger in my ear . I have want to do what you do when you mom and I fight that time . I have want to run between they , but I know he have beat I . I hate he , I hate my mom cry . ( more ) ( continued ) 88 89 50 . continued : dwight ( cont 'd ) I never want to be with he , that 's why he only come over at Christmas . then , when he get cancer , he say to I how sorry he be , how he never mean it , and he have die know he have waste he life . and now I have do the same with you mom . but i’1ll never do it to you again - or to she - do you understand ? we be friend right , and friend never hurt each other . he have tear in he eye . dwight ( cont 'd ) we will make a pact . shake on it . no fight , and if you get mad at you mom , tell she you love she . deal ? luca deal . dwight come on and watch the game . luca thanks dad . int . ethan 's car - day 88 ethan drive along a quiet residential street of upscale house . ethan glance sideways , clearly see something , look back , hit the brake , and reverse back . he study a late model dark suv . its passenger side fender be damage , its light be smashed . ethan study the suv , note the diplomatic plate . his adrenalin be pump . he pull out he cell phone , check the camera function . ext . ethan 's car - continuous 89 ethan get out , move into the driveway , line up he camera and snap a photo . he fail to notice the person at the window who watch , look alarmed , then disappear . ( continued ) 90 91 51 . continued : ethan study the suv some more , note the address , get back into he car , and drive off . the face at the window appear again , watch . ext . STREET - day 90 ethan be on another street . he check he phone to make sure he get the shot . a local police patrol car , race past he , light flash . it screech to a halt , and do a rapid three point turn , as a second police car appear and pull in front of ethan . cop jump out , in combat stance , gun draw . cop get out of you car , with you hand on you head ! ethan be terrify . int . state police barracks . burke 's office - day 91 close on the photo of the house on the screen of ethan 's digital camera phone . reveal sgt. burke show it to ethan . sergeant burke it 's the home of a Middle Eastern diplomat . you can not be do this , Mr. learner . ethan no one else be . sergeant burke that 's not true . we have be canvase house , visit repair shop , junk yard . this thing ethan ( interrupt ) «+. take time . time do not exist for I anymore . do you understand that ? I be in this vacuum , this hole be a innocent life be snuffed out and none of you see to notice or care . ( continued ) 9la continued : 52 . sergeant burke that 's not true . we investigate that car . it be involved ina fender bender a few day ago in the city . ethan be you sure ? sergeant burke yes I be , Mr. learner . ethan diplomatic plate . this guy can get away with whatever they want . a diplomat from which country ? sergeant burke what do that matter Mr. learner ? ethan let I ask you this , when be the last time you mention my son 's name before today ? sergeant burke this be not a productive discussion . the diplomat want to charge you with trespass . ethan go ahead , at least there 's 1ll be one charge to come from my son 's death . sergeant burke I persuade he not to . why do not you go home and calm down ? int . dwight 's house . kitchen - night 9la dwight have a video camera rest on some book on the breakfast bar . he flip the lcd screen so that he can video himself . he sit on a stool , check he image in the lcd screen then press the record button on a remote . dwight what I do be terribly wrong . there 's no excuse for it . ( more ) ( continued ) 92 93 94 95 53. continued : dwight ( cont 'd ) I be afraid that night that I would loose you . you be go to hear bad thing about I , thing that will make you ashamed . I be go to go to prison for what I do . I deserve it . people will talk behind you back . it will be hard . I be so sorry but please try to remember this day we have together . they be wonderful day , I thank you for they and hope that one day we can pick up where we leave off . I love you so much . please forgive I . he choke back a tear . dwight ( cont ’d ) please , please , remember I love you more than anything . I hope one day you will forgive I . I never mean to hurt you , but sometimes do the right thing mean hurt that you love most . dwight finish the video . int . dwight 's house . kitchen - early morning 92 dwight be at the table in boxer and T-shirt , write on a legal pad . he 's clearly troubled . he write , make a mistake , tear off the page , get up , pace , smoke a cigarette , sit down , write again . int . dwight 's house . bathroom - day 93 dwight shave , he hand tremble , he cut himself , wash the soap off , patch the cut with tissue . int . dwight 's house . bedroom . day 94 dwight irone a shirt , search for sock , put on a suit , fix he tie , clean shoe with a towel . int . dwight 's house . kitchen - day 95 he fold up the legal paper , find a envelope in a cluttere drawer , seal the note , write ' Lucas 's on the envelope , set it on the table propped up by salt shaker , get up to leave . ( continued ) 96 54 . continued : as he 's head out the door , he turn , hurry back , take the letter , put it in he pocket . int . state police barracks - day 96 dwight 's at the front desk . a state trooper be on the phone . dwight look around , watch other troopers , feel that they will all point a finger at he . desk state trooper yes sir . dwight I be here about the josh learner case . the boy ... ahh ... kill on reservation Road . the phone ring again . desk state trooper Front desk . yes it be mar ’am . no we do not take report of lose cell phone . that 's a local police matter ... it 's in the phone book . he hang up . desk state trooper ( cont 'd ) lose cell phone , you know how many of that call we get each day . can I have you name sir ? dwight dwight arno . I have get important information - the phone ring again . desk state trooper ( interrupt ) Excuse I . hey Jackie , where 's emelda ? I be die out here . ( turn to dwight ) let I get the case officer for you , Mr. arno . take a seat . dwight nod , sit down , beside another guy watch the hub bub of the front desk . a uniform officer emerge from a doorway . state trooper # 3 ( aggressive ) you com ’er . ( continued ) 97 55 . continued : he point at dwight . dwight stand fearful . desk state trooper hold it Joe , that 's not the fraud guy . he 's get print . state trooper # 3 sorry . sergeant burke emerge and wave to dwight . sergeant burke Mr. arno , come on in . int . state police barracks . burke 's office - day 97 close on burke . sergeant burke I be glad you have come in Mr. arno . on dwight , speechless . sergeant burke ( cont 'd ) what keep you . Steve call I a while go to say you have take the case . we have get to make sure we do not have a reoccurrence of the last incident . dwight yesterday ? sergeant burke he do not tell you ? dwight shake he head no . sergeant burke ( cont 'd ) he 's be go around photograph damage suv . scare the daylight out of a Saudi diplomat . could have get himself shot . now he seem to have get a thing in he head that it might have be a diplomat involved in the accident . ( he open a folder ) here 's the reality of the case . ( more ) ( continued ) 98 100 56 . continued : sergeant burke ( cont 'd ) we be three week out , there 's not a decent lead - a dark suv with a grill guard - a needle in a hay stack . unless this guy walk in th door we be gonna have to gonna have to back burner this one . ( he shuffles some papers in the file ) you would be do the guy a favor if you could help he understand . I really feel for the guy but he give we nothing to go on . ext . state police barracks - day 98 dwight emerge in a complete fog . int . learner house . master bedroom - later 100 ethan gasp awake . the room be dark . he sit up in bed , reality come back to he like a nightmare . Grace lie sleep . he move toward she , need she . half -asleep , she open herself to he . they kiss , slowly at first , then with great urgency . they begin to make love , Grace desperately need thiss physical contact , she grow more passionate , while ethan try to slow thing down , suddenly they be completely out of wack , ethan can not do it . he back off . grace what 's wrong ? ethan I be sorry , I ... ah ... grace what ? tell I . ethan ( cont 'd ) I just can not , not now . grace be it I ? ethan do not be ridiculous . grace you blame I . I see it when you look at I . ( continued ) 100 a 101 102 57 . continued : ethan what be you talk about ? the killer 's to blame . no one else . the fucker who steal we son away from we . ethan swing out of the bed . int . learner house - ethan 's study . night 100a close on computer monitor : a jazzy clock screen saver flash 2:06 . then the sound of a key clicking , the screen change to a web page which illuminate ethan 's face , concentrate on he search . omit . 101 int . dwight 's house . bedroom - night 102 dwight lie on he bed , stretch out like he 's ready to be crucify . sleepless . the tv play some ridiculous infomercial on mute . dwight lift he cell phone and press the '' 1 '' key . we hear the voice mail menu through the speaker . cell phone voice you have five save message ... the first save message ... ethan ( v.o . ) hello , ethan learner here , wonder where we be at with the case . can you call I 555-6469 ? thank you . cell phone voice Press seven to erase , nine to save . dwight press the '' 9 '' key . ethan ( v.o . ) ethan learner . can I schedule a appointment . I be wonder about diplomatic immunity . yeah , anyway please call . 555-6469 . thank ... dwight close the phone . he get up , pull on a T-shirt , short , and grab a pair of run shoe . ( continued ) 103 104 105 106 a106a 106a 58. continued : omit . 103 ext . STREET - night 104 the pound of dwight 's foot on a suburban street , dead of night , no car , no people . dwight run hard , try to run away from himself . int . learner house . ethan 's study - night 105 ethan listen to a pod cast . ext . learner house - same time 106 dwight have stop under a tree , study ethan 's house , through a net curtain , he can see the change color from a screen ( the computer monitor flash ) . int . learner house . master bedroom - night a106a ethan wander in , look toward the bed . Grace have he back to he , she eye be open , but she do not move . he sit on the bed . Close on Grace , she eye still open , but now she breathe sound as though she be sleep - she 's fake it . behind she , ethan study she back - then he turn , leave . int . learner house . master bedroom - morning 106a sunlight . Grace blink awake and find Emma sit on the edge of the bed . grace what 's wrong ? emma dad 's asleep downstairs . Grace sit up . emma ( cont ’d ) there 's nothing good to eat anywhere and I be go to be late . ( continued ) 106 B 106c 107 59 . continued : Grace take she in she arm - a mother pay attention now . she muster a smile for she daughter and get out of bed . grace that do not sound very good . let 's go down together and see what we can do . int . learner house . hallway . day 106b as Grace lead Emma toward the kitchen she look in , see ethan stretch out on the couch sleep . ext . learner house - continuous ( formerly scene 120 ) 106c Grace load Emma into the car and drive off . int . connecticut college . lecture hall - day 107 the room be fill with ethan 's media student . the plasma screen be freeze on a image from Iraq ( or Afghanistan ) . a Persian student , rashid , be talk angrily . rashid the cable news channel and the politician have you Americans delude . ethan how so , rashid ? rashid they make you believe you be a warrior nation with a invincible army . you machinery be tough , but this country have grow soft . BRETT ( interrupt ) bullshit . there 's no army in the world can defeat we , it 's the terrorist ... ethan let he finish , brett . ( continued ) 60 . continued : rashid you come from Connecticut , one of the most affluent , comfortable , safe place in the world . my people , like most of the world , come from a place that know pain and suffer , violence , loss . american girl american girl ( cont ’d ) be you say that Persians or african feel pain differently from we ? rashid no , no , it be the same . I be say they live with pain and death every day . you do not , you have become soft . african american poor Americans , black , hispanics be not soft . rashid yes , but most Americans be insulate from death . look at Vietnam , Somalia , Iraq . in the heat of the argument , rashid have forget the circumstance . the class become silently uncomfortable . rashid ( cont 'd ) Americans fall apart at the sight of coffin . they loose they resolve ... ethan be completely absorb in what rashid be say , then he notice the class discomfort . rashid now notice . rashid ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , Mr. learner , I never mean ... ethan no , no . this be valid point , anyone else ? silence . 107a 61 . int . ethan 's study - night 107a ethan be at the computer , listen intently to a podcast blog ( or utube video ) from one of the victim web site . this victim be vitriolic . blog father when they catch this guy , I be overjoy . he be so stupid . he take he car to a repair shop and there be blood , my son 's blood , he hair , all over the radiator . the prosecutor tell I we be gonna put he away forever . I walk into the court and I see the prosecutor and this lawyer guy , expense suit , perfect tooth , talk , smile . the prosecutor come to I he say the defendant be willing to plea involutionary manslaughter . I say be you crazy . then he tell I this murderer get himself a hot shot lawyer , and if we go in front of a jury we will probably loose . involuntary manslaughter . six month in jail , three year probation , for murdering my only son . and now he 's out , in the fresh air , pollute it . I can barely breathe now , know he foul breath be mix in . my wife 's fifty now , we have nobody , no child , no grandchild , we family name all go . we be talk about adopt , but its not the same . int . learner house . kitchen - day Grace be unpack grocery bag . food , clean product . she 's re-stock . ethan what ? grace I need a hand here . there be more in the car . 108 62. ext . wheldon house - day 108 dwight drive along the street toward Ruth 's house . as he approach Ruth 's house he slow , because he see : ethan talk to Lucas who be petting sallie . dwight make the decision to drive by when Lucas look up and see he and wave . luca hey dad ... ( run down garden ) where you go ? dwight stop , reverse , and turn into the driveway . luca ( cont 'd ) dad , you forget where I live ? dwight get out of the car . dwight no , I leave my wallet in the bank , I be head back to get it . ( a beat ) you get you book ? luca yeah . Lucas run to the porch . ethan be surprised . ethan hey dwight . dwight hey ethan , how be you ? ethan good thanks . Lucas be you son ? dwight yeah . Ruth be my ex . ethan no kid . she 's give my daughter Emma some piano lesson . dwight yeah , she 's good at that . Lucas arrive . ( continued ) 63 . continued : dwight we would beter get go . I dont 's get much time with this guy . ethan I leave a few message . dwight yeah , yeah , I be sorry . I have be wait for Steve cutter to get word back from the state trooper . ethan forget about the state trooper , they be useless . we need to talk . when would be a good time ? dwight let I check my book . 555 6496 , right ? we will schedule something . ethan very good . norris appear at the door as dwight be at he car . norris hey , dwight ? dwight hey , norris. ( to Lucas ) come on . ( to ethan ) we will talk . ethan good to see you . dwight drive off . norris you know dwight ? ethan yes , I have be work with he , legal stuff . norris ( dubious ) I hope it work out . Emma come out of the house , follow by Ruth . ( continued ) 64 . continued : ( 2 ) RUTH hey , Emma 's piece be really come along , you be go to be so proud of she at the concert . ethan you be gonna play at the concert , that 's wonderful . emma it 's for josh . Mom say you can still hear music when you be dead . now ethan need to get away . ethan thanks for everything . 109 int . dwight 's car - day 109 as dwight drive Lucas : dwight you mom 's give music lesson ? luca just that kid , she brother josh be kill . remember ? in the car crash , the day we go to Fenway ? dwight be that the same day , I do not think so . do you know that kid ? luca I see he around . he be a bit of a dweeb , but nice . you know he dad ? dwight yeah . I be do some legal work for he . he do not mention that to you , talk about it ? luca like what dad ? dwight do not matter . let 's get a pie and some snack for the game . ( continued ) 110 99 65 . continued : luca have you get money ? dwight ( puzzle ) you mom say I be break or something ? luca I think you leave you wallet ? dwight oh yeah , I have some extra cash . in 1l get the wallet tomorrow . int . dwight 's house . live room - night 110 dwight and Lucas be on the edge of they seat . the Sox be ahead 10 - 3 . it 's a thrill game . the yankee ground out - the Sox be in the Series ! Lucas hug he dad , jump with joy . luca oh my God , dad , you think this be the year they win the Series ? dwight remember you can always trust the Sox to break you heart . luca no , dad , no . this be it . ( a beat ) you be the best , dad . int . learner house . ethan 's study - night 99 Grace be on ethan 's home computer . as she hit the space bar : on the screen : a private detective web site . she click on the screen and another investigative screen appear . she click again , another , and another , and another . ethan ( 0.s. ) hey . ethan be back from college , ( continued ) 66 . continued : grace ( slightly guilty ) I be just look at some of this stuff . ethan join she , look at the page on the screen . ethan that 's a group who accumulate information about repeat offender , drunk driver , lenient judge . she click again . a site on diplomat who have commit crime while cover by diplomatic immunity . ethan ( cont 'd ) yeah , diplomat can just walk away from a crime , often the state department want to cover it up . there be a lot of they up here . she click again . a Net detective Agency . ethan ( cont 'd ) wait , let I show you . he usher she up from the office chair click on another site . ethan ( cont 'd ) I be look into other possibility . grace what sort of possibility ? ethan of how to find this guy . grace I think we have lawyer do this for we . I be worried about you ethan . you seem to be lose in this stuff . ethan I have get to find he , Grace . I be go to find he . ( continued ) 111 continued : 67 . ( 2 ) grace which '' he '' be you talk about , ethan ? not we son . how be you go to find he ? ethan how can you say that . I can not believe that I have to defend myself to you as well . grace as well , as well as who ? ethan everyone I talk to say you have to move on , put it behind you , let the police take care of it . why ? why do they say that ? grace because they want to see you heal . ethan no they want to see I resign myself to the fact that this guy who destroy we life will get away with it . why should he get away with it ? grace I do not want he to get away with it but he can not suck the life out of we as well . it 's go to take everything we have - everything - for this family just to survive . you be always there for we ethan , please do not abandon we now . he hear what she say , take it in . int . dwight 's house . bedroom - day 111 Sunday morning . dwight , in he boxer , on the bed stare at the ceiling . Lucas come in , deck out in Red Sox gear . luca how about you pitch I a few ? dwight sure , I will be right out . ( continued ) 112 113 68 . continued : dwight get up , pull on sweat , rummages for a T-shirt but hear something , listen closer , a low mechanical rumble . panic , as dwight burst from the room . ext . dwight 's house - day 112 dwight rush out and discover Lucas stare into the garage at the Ford explorer as the garage door rumble open . Lucas see the fear in dwight 's eye . luca what 's wrong dad ? dwight stop . dwight what be you do ? luca I be get the net out . dwight calm down . dwight go ahead . dwight stare at the explorer . int . dwight 's house . garage - day 113 Lucas squeeze by the explorer to get to the net frame at the back of the garage . luca you be keep the truck ? dwight no , no , I be wait for the junk people to come and get it . Lucas reach the net frame at the back of the garage . luca you 'il have to move the truck , dad . dwight let 's forget the net . I / x11 just pitch . ( continued ) 114 115 69 . continued : luca ah dad , we will have to run after all the ball . omitted . 114 int . dwight 's house . live room - day 115 Sunday afternoon . espn baseball round up on tv . Lucas be glue to every word . dwight 's enjoy he company . sportscaster so be this the Red Sox year ? will we see the end of the curse of the bambino ? Lucas nudge he dad . luca told you . sportscaster let 's look at last week 's play . the doorbell ring . dwight get up . check through the blind , see a state trooper car in the driveway . dwight open the door and greet two state troopers . state trooper Mr. wheldon ? dwight yes . state trooper do you own a 1998 Ford explorer ? dwight I do . why ? state trooper you do not have it anymore ? dwight why , what 's this about ? state trooper routine investigation . we be check on that type of vehicle . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 70 . state trooper ( cont 'd ) State record show you be the owner of 1998 explorer CUR 560h . be that right ? dwight the transmission go . I donate it to one of that charity , a Cancer thing . they tow it away . I be still wait for the receipt . luca ( 0.s. ) hey , dad ... Lucas appear at the live room door behind stop talk when he see the state trooper . dwight I 'il be back in a second . Lucas study the state trooper . luca hi. the state trooper smile , nod . state trooper you turn the plate in yet ? Lucas turn , head back into the live room . dwight no I have not . I take they in to work and forget to have they mail back . state trooper better mail they in , and when you get that receipt ... ( hand card ) ... drop off a copy . I need to account for it . dwight sure officer . dwight but the state trooper turn , walk away , see the rental car , turn back to dwight . state trooper this you new car ? ( continued ) 116 117 71 . continued : ( 2 ) dwight it 's a rental , until I decide what to buy next . the state trooper point to the rental , which be splatter with bird dropping from the overhange tree . state trooper better move it into the garage . that bird shit will corrode the finish . dwight thanks . ext . dwight 's house - day 116 the trooper sit in he cruiser , write note , as dwight go back inside . int . dwight 's house live room - day 117 Lucas be engross in the tv . luca be you in trouble , dad ? dwight no , a form I do not fill out , that 's all . dwight go to the blind , ease they back . the state trooper be go . ext . learner house . driveway - day ethan pull up and discover raul 's truck park in the driveway . alongside the usual lawnmower and leaf blower be josh 's bicycle . one of raul 's worker emerge carry roller blade , another have a aquarium . ethan what the hell be you do ? the mexican laborer clearly do not speak English . they look at he puzzle . 72 . ext . learner porch - day Grace have all of josh 's possession , clothes , game , equipment , stack on the picnic table , and be hand pile to raul and he worker . ethan burst in . ethan what the hell be you do ? grace raul , take the rest of this . ethan wait a minute . grace raul , take they and go . ethan have I no say in this ? grace no you do not ethan . unless there 's some advice , some wonderful remedy on the internet as to how to dispose of you dead son 's possession . or do they recommend keep they in order to nurture you anger . ethan do not fuck talk to I like that . I want to heal as much as you do , but I will never get it while he murderer be out there . do not you understand that ? grace no I do not . all I understand be that my son be not come home . he 's not come home . ethan no . I will not go through my life hide from the fact I never do anything to right that wrong . she turn into the house yell back . ( continued ) 118 119 120 121 73 . continued : grace now we have a daughter to raise and if you can not understand that you can get out ! she slam the door . omit 118 omit 119 omit 120 ext . black bear SALOON - day 121 outside table at a downtown restaurant , fill with the regular lunchtime mix of local . dwight and Steve sit over the remain of lunch . cheryl , the cute , the waitress , bang two order of pie down on the table . cheryl who 's get the coconut cream ? steve ( leer ) the nut 's mine , Cheryl honey . the cream , too . cheryl I do not get pay enough to be you honey , Steve . cream or no cream . steve we can negotiate . Cheryl walk off , Steve watch she ass all the way . steve ( cont 'd ) Jesus , my fuck kingdom for a waitress . you get much this day ? dwight I be not get any . ( continued ) continued : 74 . steve come on , good look guy , divorced , party animal . you must be knock they down two by two . dwight Party animal ? I go to pizza Hut once a week with Lucas . that 's my idea of a party . steve jeez , that 's depress . I figure you come in look like shit , you musta be bang all night . now you be tell I ... dwight I come in look like shit ? steve check the mirror . you be let it slide buddy . dwight what 's this about ? steve you have not do a thing in over a month . nora fennelli 's threaten to find another firm . dwight she do not know what she want . one minute it 's ... steve forget it dwight , you have always get somebody else to blame . it 's about run a business . I take a gamble hire you . dwight gamble ? Harvard Law school . Boston 's best law firm . steve oh yeah , how about drunk and disorderly , and a order of protection against you ? a child with two tooth knock out ? dwight 's trigger temper take over , he eye be on fire , he whole demeanor be attack . ( continued ) 122 123 75 . continued : ( 2 ) dwight go ahead Steve , take Ruth 's side now ... steve listen to yourself , everybody 's against you . I be all you have get dwight . I have go to court for you . I give you a job when no one would hire you . I have be take you side for year and , still , you will not listen to I . I be gonna say it one last time , you wipe you own shit or you lie in it . Steve get up . steve ( cont 'd ) you get the check , I pay you enough . int . sherman R. lewis school . lobby - a little later - 122 day parent and child mill around . above a fold table with school print program . a sign announce '' school concert - 7:00 pm . admission free . '' close on ethan , head down , forging through , as Grace acknowledge nod , smile . ethan be on ahead now - a distance between they . int . sherman R. lewis school . concert hall - later - 123 night row of fold chair . at the front a piano , a piano stool , and music stand occupy a low makeshift stage . as people take they seat . Ruth wheldon adjust the height of the music stand . CUT to : int . concert hall . night a student quartet be play . 124 125 76 . int . dwight 's car - continuous 124 dwight in he car in the crowded school parking lot . the sound drift out of the building . he open the glove box and pull out a pint of Jack Daniels , take a swig . int . sherman R. lewis school . concert hall - continuous125 the performer finish play the song . applause . from the back of the gym , the faint groan of hinge . a couple of head turn to glare at the latecomer . dwight ease the door close . he decide to stand against the back wall , in the shadow . Ruth step back up to the stage . RUTH the next performer will be Emma learner who will play she own compostion . applause . Emma emerge from stage right . dwight stare . emma this be for my brother josh . deathly silence in the hall . Emma begin to play . she miss a occasional note , but soldier on . Ruth stand close by , ready for whatever support Emma might need , but the child make it through the piece . rapturous applause . the audience stand and clap . ethan hug Grace close , help she dry she tear . he be close again , hold , bridge the gap that have grow through recent day . the fear , recrimination , self doubt have be drive away by Emma 's simple tune of love . at the back of the hall , dwight be still as stone , as though he be a statue fix to the wall . the Ruth wheldon wander out on stage . ( continued ) continued : the curtai : two podium : 77 . RUTH this school pride itself on the wit and outstanding intelligence of its pupil and to demonstrate we present we battle of the brain , between Lucas arno of the sixth grade and Gerry edelstein of the seventh grade . n pull back to reveal a game show backdrop and is , Lucas behind one , gerry behind the other . RUTH ( cont 'd ) each contestant will ask a question of the other . the contestant with the most correct answer win . Gerry edelstein will go first . gerry edelstein if a turtle loose it shell be it homeless or naked ? luca both . RUTH correct . luca can vegetarian eat animal cracker ? gerry edelstein yes . RUTH correct . gerry edelstein why do kamikaze pilot wear helmet ? luca pass . if a man speak in the middle of the forest and there 's no woman to hear he , be he still wrong ? gerry edelstein yes . ( continued ) 78 . continued : ( 2 ) RUTH correct . gerry edelstein if a deaf person swear , do he mother wash he hand with soap . luca yes . the audience be in stitches . ethan and Grace be laugh through they tear . at the back of the hall , dwight be also in tear , laugh but there 's a madness to he laugh , a terrible lose desperation . luca ( cont 'd ) what do you get if you cross poison ivy with four leaf clover . gerry edelstein a rash of good luck . RUTH correct . luca if a cow laugh do milk come out its nose ? gerry edelstein pass . two part question . what do you call a deer with no eye ? luca no ideer . RUTH correct . gerry edelstein what do you call a deer with no eye and no leg ? luca still no ideer . RUTH correct . last round . you can choose . movie and politics . ( continued ) 126 79 . continued : ( 3 ) luca movie . if superman can stop bullet with he chest , why do he always duck when someone throw a gun at he ? gerry edelstein no idea . Politics . if con be the opposite of pro , then what be the opposite of progress . Lucas wave he arm to the audience . the all shout . all Congress . RUTH lady and gentleman , it 's a draw . huge applause . Lucas and Gerry bow . ext . sherman R. lewis school . forecourt - night 126 the concert over , ethan , Grace ( hold hand , close ) and Emma work they way through the crowd of happy parent . everyone offer congratulation to Emma . there 's a great buzz follow the finale skit . ethan , have he arm around Grace as they move toward they car . another parent stop they . parent thank you , thank you Emma . what a inspiration . I want to come by you house at the time but ... as they talk ethan hear someone call , a distinctive voice , a terrible echo of that night . dwight ( 0o.s. ) Lou . he break away as Grace talk with the parent . now he 's almost tremble , he eye search the car park . he move further among the tangle of car and parent . his eye search around , he 's panicked , maybe he 's hearing noise . across the car park , he see Lucas , take high fives and congrat from people . ( continued ) 80 . continued : then , from behind , Lucas he hear the voice again . dwight ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Lou ! hey Lou . he look back beyond Lucas who have turn around , and see dwight , hurry through the crowd . Lucas walk toward dwight , who pick he son up and twirl he around . ethan be freeze to the spot . then a tap on he shoulder . grace ( 0.c . ) what be it ? ethan turn to she . grace ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? ethan nothing . Grace find Emma , kiss she . grace oh sweetie that be so beautiful . she look around for ethan , see that he have wander further away . grace ( cont 'd ) ethan , where be you go ? he return . grace ( cont 'd ) what 's up . ethan nothing 's wrong . I can not stand all this sympathy . let 's go . grace hey , we composer 's here . ethan bend down to Emma , but keep look in dwight 's direction . ( continued ) 81 . continued : ( 2 ) ethan you be marvellous . they get in the car and begin to drive , and , as they pass , ethan watch as dwight with he arm proudly around Lucas meet up with Ruth and norris . ethan 's car cruise past unnotice . dwight be he the great or what ? norris ruffle Lucas hair . dwight hold on to he son , possessively . norris see , you remember every line . RUTH ( to dwight ) norris practice with he every night . dwight yeah , great . int . learner house . josh 's bedroom - night ethan sit on the floor by josh 's bed , he eye a million mile away . Grace come in . in bed with Grace . he lie on he back stare at the ceiling . grace what be you do here ethan ? he do not answer . grace ( cont 'd ) please ethan , let 's get therapy . I think tonight you have break free , now look at you . I have lose you ethan and I do not know how to get you back . ethan you have lose I ! I have lose myself . my soul . no amount of therapy be ever go to give that back to I , do not you understand that ? ( continued ) 128 129 130 131 82 . continued : grace please ethan , you be we strength , we security ... ethan yeah , the great protector of the family . how can you say that ? my son be dead ... while he father watch ... grace please , please ethan we have get to get past this . ethan ( quiet anger ) do not say that to I . there 's no go past this . Grace leave . ethan open he hand to reveal dwight 's business card . omitted 128 ext . estuary road - dawn 129 dwight jog down the street . int . dwight 's house . kitchen - early morning 130 dwight return from a early morning sprint . he take juice from the fridge , pour a glass , sit at the breakfast bar . his house phone ring . he pick it up , answer expect a friendly voice , instead he look stunne . dwight hello ... oh , Mr. learner . no , no , I have be run ... not at all ... ah , no , I be free ... sure , where ? ... where ? no , but I can find it . a hour , yeah . yeah . dwight hang up , look like he have just be shot . int . dwight 's car - day 131 dwight approach the junction at reservation Road . this be the first time he 's be there since the accident . ( continued ) 132 83 . continued : now he see the junior league soft ball pitch and the old cemetary . and , as he turn the bend , he see : ext . reservation road - day 132 ethan in the forecourt of the gas station look up at the crow ' cawk 's above he dwight 's car pull in . he get out . they shake hand . ethan start walk toward the spot where josh die . ethan dwight , thanks for take the time . I want to meet here because I have a few idea that might help the investigation . as they cross the gas station forecourt ethan ( cont 'd ) have you be here before ? dwight no , no . why do you ask ? ethan I think maybe you have come to familiarize yourself with the case . dwight we be look into hire a private investigator . he have do that . ethan let I show you where josh die . they reach the spot . ethan ( cont 'd ) right here . the killer come round that bend , have to be do fifty , swerve right over there , come back and hit my son right here . he must have be drunk ? he look to dwight for a answer . dwight well I guess there 's no way of know for sure ? ( continued ) 84 . continued : ethan only the killer know , and he 's not go to talk . ethan start walk back toward the crossroad . a truck come up behind they , dwight see it first , grab ethan 's arm , pull he off the roadway as the truck roar by . dwight Jesus ! be careful . ethan the police have dumped this case , have n , t they ? dwight no , not completely . I think they have a few thing go . I be hopeful they might catch a break soon . ethan like what ? dwight gimme a few day and I might have something concrete for you . at the corner where they can see a kide 's softball game in progress . ethan I be sorry Mr. arno but I be sick of wait . look how beautiful it be . here 's what I have like to do . I would like to offer a reward , a big one . $ 250,000 , a half a million , whatever I can borrow on the house . get the press to come here . that would give I a chance to make a appeal , to ask this man how he can live with himself . how he could do such a cowardly thing as to drive away and leave a ten year old boy die in the dirt ? do you think that would work ? dwight yeah , that might spark something . ( continued ) 133 85 . continued : ( 2 ) ethan . ( check watch ) I get to get home . my daughter fret when I leave . ( a beat ) let I ask you this , you have get a son , same age as josh . if someone kill he and you find out who this guy be what would you do ? dwight I have turn he in . ethan would you ? know he will get a slap on the wrist . dwight I do not know that this be a good conversation to have with you lawyer . ethan reach over , shake dwight 's hand , hold it . ethan thanks again . dwight sure , sure . ethan leave . dwight 's hand be tremble as he watch ethan get into he car and drive off . dwight wander to the crossroad , study some kid hit ball on the diamond , he sit on a bench . he can barely breath . then the sound of a car horn . he turn , see ethan drive in the opposite direction . ethan wave . int . wheldon house - night 133 dwight 's rental car pull in next to RUTH 's minivan and two other car in the driveway . as he walk thee path to the door , dwight can see a group of friend gather around the fireplace and hear conversation and laughter come from inside the house . he knock on the door . norris open the door . his smile evaporate when he see who it be . ( continued ) 86 . continued : norris hey dwight . dwight norris , listen . I have like to talk to Ruth . can you get she for I ? norris she 's kinda busy just now . dwight it 's important . I would not be here otherwise . norris actually , we be in the middle of a little shindig , a few friend . dwight I want to talk to Ruth . okay ? norris okay , dwight , take it easy . RUTH norris ... Ruth appear at the door beside norris . RUTH ( cont 'd ) dwight , what 's wrong ? dwight Ruth , can I talk to you for a minute ? RUTH we have get people over . dwight ( sardonic ) yeah a shindig . RUTH ( annoyed ) dwight , you want to talk to I , you can talk on Sunday like usual . dwight please , I need a big favor . ( continued ) 87 . continued : ( 2 ) RUTH norris , you better go back to we guest . Ruth step onto the porch . it 's cold , she rub she arm . dwight you want my coat ? RUTH what 's wrong ? dwight the World Series start tomorrow . let Lou stay over with I for the week . RUTH dwight please . I really need you help . norris do not care about baseball . the Sox in the Series . it might never happen again . please . I x11 get he to school every morning . just one week then you will have he all the time . RUTH what do you mean ? dwight I be go away . RUTH where ? dwight away , something I have get to do . she study . RUTH for how long ? dwight I do not know . RUTH Jesus , dwight , you be always run away from yourself ... ( continued ) 134 135 136 continued : ( 3 ) dwight not this time . this time I have to face up to who I be . she turn and stare out at the night . RUTH why should I believe you this time ? I have hear this so many time before and I pray it be true . now it 's too late for we . but we son ... dwight this time I have no choice . RUTH tell I what 's wrong . dwight let I have the Series with my son . RUTH okay , dwight . you can have he for the week . just make sure you get he to school on time in the morning . dwight you know I be sorry . 88. she hand he he coat back , then kiss he on the mouth . and she 's go , leave he alone on the porch . omitted omit ext . rye playland - day dwight and Lucas enter this amusement park . dwight I though we have catch a few ride , get some of that chili cheese dog ... 134 135 136 ( continued ) 136 a 137 138 139 89 . continued : luca the one that make I puke on the roller coaster . dwight that 's the one . int . wheldon house . kitchen - day 136a Ruth be clean up . the doorbell ring . ext . wheldon house - day 137 the door open to ethan and Emma be on the porch . Emma hold the flower , ethan have the cake . RUTH oh my God , Emma . what 's this ? ethan she do so well at the concert , play so beautifully , we want to thank you . ext . rye playland - day 138 dwight and Lucas , wander the fairground , stop at the hot dog stand . int . wheldon house . kitchen - day 139 ethan , Emma and Ruth sit around the kitchen table . the flower be already in a vase on the table , and Ruth be open the Black Forest cake . RUTH oh my God look at all this chocolate . you have to have some Emma . Ruth get a plate , cut Emma a slice . RUTH ( cont ’d ) Mr. learner ? ethan ethan . not for I thanks . ( continued ) 90 . continued : RUTH I have make some coffee . ethan great . RUTH I hope Emma 's go to keep up she lesson now that the concert 's over . you be a very talented young lady . emma I would like that . ethan see photo of Lucas on the fridge . ethan you son 's sox fan . he must be excited about the series . RUTH he and he dad be fanatics . he 's over at he dwight 's place to watch the ball game . ethan how long where you guy together ? RUTH eight year . yeah well dwight and I use to have two nickname for each other . nitro and glycerine . you mix the two and you have get a big explosion . but he 's devote to Lucas . very close . ethan dwight life near by ? RUTH yeah on cove Road , so that he could be close to Lou . 140 ext . rye playland - day 140 dwight clear up the food trays on a bench . . Lucas arrive , excited . luca dad , you gotta check this out . come on . ( continued ) 141 91 . continued : he hurry dwight over to a old - fashioned arcade machine . the head and shoulder of a old fashioned clown . dwight this be old . luca it 's so great , watch . Lucas drop a quarter in and the clown begin to laugh ... harder , and harder . and now Lucas be laugh ... and dwight 's start to laugh and it build ... and people who stop be laugh as well ... all of it propel by Lucas infectious joy . the clown finally stop . dwight and Lucas , tear of laughter stream down they face , hug ... true , unconditional love . int . wheldon house . kitchen - day 141 Ruth beam as she talk about Lucas . ethan tell you son I say he have a big future in comedy . RUTH it 's such a surprise when you discover a talent in you child . ethan yes , I remember when we discover josh be such a beautiful cello player ... RUTH ( realize ) I be truly sorry , I never mean ... ethan no , do not be sorry . anyway , we would better get back to Emma 's mom . do you mind if I use the bathroom ? RUTH no , go right ahead , it 's at the top of the stair . 142 143 144 145 92 . int . wheldon house . upstair - day 142 ethan climb the stair . he look around find the bathroom but also see a bedroom festoon in Red Sox paraphanalia . he stop , listen to Ruth chat with Emma , then , quietly , walk into Lucas 's room . int . wheldon house . luca 's bedroom - day 143 ethan take in the room , the mess , school book , baseball glove , and on a chest of drawer , a series of photo in cheap frame . he study this chronicle of Lucas 's life . then one photo rivet he to the spot . close on a photo of dwight and Lucas in the car park of Fenway , hold Red Sox shirt , as they lean against a 1998 dark blue Ford explorer with a grill guard . ethan carefully pick up the photo , slide it between he belt and the small of he back , and adjust he shirt . int . wheldon house . kitchen - day 144 Ruth be still talk to Emma . RUTH I think you should compose more , we will do a symphony . ethan appear . ethan okay , little lady we get to go . Emma get up , head to the door with ethan . RUTH thank you for everything . see you soon Emma , yes ? emma bye. ext . rye playland - day 145 dwight and Lucas leave the rollercoaster , and head past the bumper car on they way out . ( continued ) 93 . continued : dwight after the Series , I have get to go away for a while . luca ( distract ) sure , dad . hey , I get ticket leave , let 's do the bumper . dwight Nah , come on , we want to get home in plenty of time . luca please . Lucas be already on the step . dwight you can go on , I do not want to . luca come on . dwight ( firm ) no , you go . Lucas jump in a bumper car . the ride start , there be a bunch of college kide show off to they girlfriend . one of they - a jock - start pick on Lucas , bang he hard . dwight ( cont 'd ) hey ! but he shout can not be hear over the loud rock music . the jock line up behind Lucas , time it to sandwich he and really hit he hard . Lucas head shoot forward , almost hit the wheel . dwight run out onto the metal floor , stand on the back of Lucas 's car . dwight ( cont 'd ) hey , knock it off . the ride stop . jock get off the floor . ( continued ) 146 94 . continued : ( 2 ) dwight take it easy . come on Lou , let go . jock if you kid 's chicken get he outta here . dwight throw he a look , then lead Lou away . the jock make chicken noise . Lou look to dwight . ext . playland . turnstile - day 146 dwight lead Lucas through the exit tunnel . luca you could have kick he ass . dwight yeah , I could have . we have have get throw out . or worse . you Mom would have be mad at I , and we have have miss the Series together . luca I be glad we get out of there . ( a beat ) how long you get to go away for ? dwight I be not sure . int . learner house . ethan 's study - night ethan lock the door , go to he desk , take out the photo , break the frame , place the photo on the desk , take a digital photo . on monitor : the photo be now in the computer . ethan be enlarge it , focus on the grill guard . CUT back and forth between : ethan 's face and a rapid cut of a series of web page : on gun - shot gun - catalogue . a mix of the boring - supermarket catalogue - with the crazy - soldier of fortune - info on saw off shotgun - revenge photo . ( continued ) 148 150 95 . continued : now ethan be on the phone . ethan I see you ad on the web . I be look for a pistol , something simple , a revolver maybe . he hang up , then the sound of the door handle . the knock . grace ( 0.s. ) ethan ! ethan yeah . he stick the photo in he pocket . grace ( 0.s. ) why 's this door lock ? ethan open the door . ethan I do not know , maybe something 's up with the lock . grace will you be join we for dinner . ethan I be not hungry . she walk away . int . dwight 's house - night 148 the first night of the Series . Red Sox vs. Cardinals . chip , soda , hot dog spread out on a table . dwight and Lucas be totally absorb in the game . int . ethan 's car , local hunting store - night 150 ethan sit outside the hunt store , he 's nervous as he fumble with a revolver . it fall apart in he hand . a car pull up beside he , he hastily pack the piece in the box , take off . 153 155 157 158 159 96 . continued : omitted 153 omitted 155 ext . learner house . night 157 9 pm fall night , leave blow around the garden . a few light on , the house look peaceful int . dwight 's live room . night the world series game have just start . Lucas be almost explode with excitement . dwight be beside he . int . learner house . upstair hallway - later 158 ethan stand alone outside Emma 's room , thought and feeling barely in control . he take a deep breath before enter . int . learner house . emma 's room - continuous 159 Emma 's in she pajamas , under the cover . ethan sit down on the edge of the bed . ethan sleepy ? emma not yet . ethan well , try . Close you eye . her eye remain open , look at he . emma will you tell I a good night story ? ethan not tonight . ethan place he hand over Emma 's hand . he look on the verge of tear . ( continued ) 97 . continued : emma dad , you hand be shaking . ethan I must be tired . emma time for bed . ethan try to smile . ethan good night , pumpkin . do not ever forget how much I love you . emma I love you too , dad . she close she eye . he kiss she and get up and turn out the light . 160 int . learner house . upstair hallway - continuous 160 he leave Emma 's door open a few inch . Grace stand in the hallway , dress in she nightgown . she stare at he , a look waver between forgiveness and rejection . he stare back , be about to offer a excuse . ethan io ... she disappear inside they bedroom and close the door . 161 int . dwight 's house - same time 161 the final moment of the game . a cliff hanger . the Sox take it . Lucas be ecstatic . luca oh my God , dad , I can not wait for tomorrow , you think they can do it , do you ? dwight I tell you this be they year . luca hey dad , do you think mom would let I live here with you for a while ? ( continued ) 162 163 164 165 166 167 168 98 . continued : wight we have get to work on that one , come hit the sack buddy . luca night dad . ext . learner house . night 162 ethan walk from he house to he car . omitted 163 int . dwight 's house . live room - night 164 dwight crack open a beer , collapse onto the couch . omitted 165 omitted 166 ext . dwight 's house - night 167 ethan 's car appear a short distance from dwight 's house , the light go off , the engine shut down and the car coast in neutral to a spot on the street outside dwight int . dwight 's house . live room - night 168 dwight 's have dose off on the couch . the doorbell ring . dwight 's eye wide open now - anxious . he go to the window , pull aside the blind a little , and see ethan . he 's pull back from the window - panic . then he make the decision - go to the door . the door open . dwight appear . dwight Mr. arno. ethan hold up the photo of dwight and Lucas . ethan stick the barrel of he revolver in dwight 's face and push he back into the house . 99 . int . live room dwight back into the house , across the floor , knock a stool over . Lucas voice from he bedroom , break through . luca ( 0.s. ) dad ! ethan spin around , the revolver be point toward the sound . dwight put he body between ethan and the corridor to Lucas bedroom . dwight it 's alright Lou , I knock over a stool . ethan ( confuse , angry ) be that you son ? dwight be back up , keep he body between ethan and Lucas room . ethan ( cont 'd ) shut he up . dwight back up to the door to ethan 's room . his hand up appeal for ethan to stay out . dwight open the door to Lucas bedroom . ethan flatten himself against the wall beside the door , point the shotgun , hear Lucas . luca ( 0.s. ) who 's there dad . dwight stand in the doorway . dwight no one , I bang a stool and the tvs too loud , come on go asleep . ethan have the shotgun levele at he head . ( continued ) 100 . continued : luca I need to pee . dwight 's look say '' oh Jesus . dwight ah Lou , you will ruin you sleep . ethan 's move out so that he keep the shotgun train on dwight . dwight ( cont ’d ) hurry up . dwight be die inside . ethan briskle with nervous adrenalin . a eternity . the sound of the toilet flush , the toilet door open . dwight ( cont 'd ) get in to bed . you gotta catch up on you sleep . luca okay dad , love you . dwight I love you too , goodnight . dwight close the door , turn to ethan who be back away along the corridor toward the live room . he look panicked , unsure . ethan come on . ext . dwight 's house . night the door open , dwight emerge , the gun be in he back . ethan appear . dwight stand in the garden . ethan look around , unsure , grab dwight by the coat and push he toward he car . ethan hurry up . ( continued ) 171 101 . continued : they get to the car , ethan look confuse , this be unchart territory . ethan ( cont 'd ) go to the trunk . dwight head for the trunk . Close on the trunk pop open . ethan ( cont 'd ) get in . dwight clamber in . ethan push the trunk down . to black he snap the trunk close . bang to black the bang of the trunk turn into the crack of a baseball bat hit a ball flashback to : ext . fenway park . stand - the day of the accident 171 music overwhelm by the grow roar of 30,000 fan . it 's not just another baseball game - it 's the Red Sox - versus . yankee . Fenway 's a madhouse . the scoreboard the scoreboard show the game tie 4 - 4 in the bottom of the 9th . close in on a dwight and luca in box seat on the third base line . luca have he chin just above the railing and he hand clench into fist , yelling himself hoarse . luca come on , pedro ! Strike he out ! Strike he out ! pedro martinez wind up and throw a blaze fastball right past a flail bernie Williams . the crowd erupt . ( continued ) 173 102 . continued : luca ( cont 'd ) yeah ! dad , didya see that ? didya , dad ? Lucas and dwight jump as one , roar , high five , the pure joy of a moment share between father and son . as they settle into they seat , dwight hear the faint ring of a cell phone over the cheer . dwight what 's that ? he look toward Lucas pocket . luca what ? dwight it 's you phone , answer it please . Lucas retrieve the phone like it 's kryptonite , check who it be , a look of resignation to dwight , then he answer . luca hey mom ... no , we be still at the game ... but its not over . no , no , its nearly over . Lucas listen , then hand the phone to dwight . dwight yeah I know what the curfew time be . 1’11 have he back ... I say I 'il have he back . he hand the phone back to Lucas . luca we can not leave dad . please ? dwight jump to he foot cheering , problem forget . he pick up he laugh , yell son , hug he ina raucous dance . int . dwight 's car - dusk 173 the car park exit be jammed with car , horn SOUND in frustration . dwight whisper a curse as he jockey for position to get out . ( continued ) 174 175 103 . continued : Lucas slip he phone from he pocket and check , the screen read 6 miss call . dwight be that you mom again ? luca no , I be check the time . you wanna hear a joke ? dwight sure . luca a doctor at a mental hospital decide to take he patient to a Red Sox game , but he say you have to do what I say . when they get to they seat he say , '' sit nut . '' they all sit . when the Red Sox score he say , '' cheer nut . '' they all cheer . the yankee score he say , '' boo nut . '' they all boo . then , a guy with a tray come down the aisle shouting '' pea nut ! '' dwight love it . luca ( cont 'd ) can I change the station ? dwight sure . Lucas seat belt will not let he reach . he unbuckle , reach the radio and tune in the sport station . ext . connecticut parkway - night 174 Dark now . a country parkway ( the hutchinson ) . dwight 's Ford explorer gun along at 80 . the passenger side headlight be not work . int . ford explorer - night 175 in the gloom of the car , dwight take a drag on a cigarette , roll down he window and blow the smoke out . ( continued ) 176 177 178 179 104 . continued : he check on Lucas : who be asleep , with he cheek press up against the door . he check the dashboard clock : 8:40 . dwight ( under he breath ) fuck . then : up ahead , in the lone beam of light , we see a sign for the next exit - reservation road ( a short cut ) . at the last minute , dwight decide to take the exit . tire squeal lightly . he check on Lucas again : still sleep . he hit the radio button to the progressive rock station . ext . reservation road - night 176 the road , narrow and dark , run through wood . dwight give the car more gas . ext . reservation road - further - night 177 dwight 's car with the single headlight speed through the darkness . the orange tip of he cigarette glow behind the windshield . int . ford explorer - night 178 dwight 's faintly sweaty face silhouett behind the orange tip of he light cigarette . he check the dashboard clock again : 8:55 he give the car more gas . int . ford explorer - continuous 179 as he round the corner , dwight 's face be illuminate by the white light of the brights from a car come in the opposite direction . dwight Son of a bitch . ( continued ) 180 105 . continued : dwight 's Pov a blaze of light , the faint glow of a old gas station off to he leave , then something move on the grass verge . a boy 's face , freeze in horror ! dwight , jam on the brake hard , hurl Lucas into the dash . bang - the boy fly off to the side , as Lucas 's face smashes into the dash . dwight ( cont 'd ) lou ! dwight reach across to Lucas who be double up in pain , clutching he eye . dwight ( cont 'd ) be you alright ?! then dwight look in the mirror , see a man ( ethan ) stand in the road , stare , but Lucas be cry now . luca dad , dad , my eye ! dwight oh , Jesus ! Jesus ! luca it hurt . please dad . dwight look in the mirror again , then put he foot on the gas . flash forward to : ext . road - night 180 ethan appear confuse , not sure where to go . the car 's headlight push through the darkness revealing , rock , tree , and beyond the moon glisten off the water of Long Island sound where josh 's ash be scattered . 181 106 . ext . shoreline - night 181 the trunk pop open . dwight be disorient do not know what to do , hesitates . ethan get out ! dwight still do not move . ethan lift the barrel of the gun , bring it down on dwight 's head , bang , the revolver accidentally discharge . dwight ethan aaahh ! aaahh ! ethan jump back in shock , stand motionless as the gunshot ring across the sound . ethan do not know what to do . he look at dwight breathe heavily inside the trunk . still silence . Close on dwight . ethan ( cont 'd ) get out ! dwight clamber out . ethan ( cont 'd ) over there ! dwight head toward the sandy shore . ethan look like he 's go to explode . he rush toward dwight with the revolver . ethan ( cont 'd ) do you know what you have do to my family . you have destroy we ! dwight turn I in to the police . i’1l go to jail he be close enough to kick he . ( continued ) continued : 107 . ethan you want I to turn you in so that you can pull you trick in court , and then laugh at I on the street . you sit and lie to I . we will get this guy , compensation . I give you he accident report , with that photo , he dead body . you be a fuck murderer . dwight please , believe I . it be a accident . ethan ( scream ) a accident , you fuck kill he , and you drive away , why would you drive away from a accident . dwight I didnt know you son be dead , I ethan he be road kill , a dead squirrel , stray dog , my josh . do he see you . dwight please , I see he every night ... he face . please ethan do you see the firefly .... he as release firefly . he would not hurt fly ... fuck you , fuck you to hell . you sit and listen to I , shook my hand . you say you be go to help I . what sort of a monster be you ? have you no soul ? ( continued ) 108 . continued : ( 2 ) dwight all I want be a few day with my son before he hate I .... I need time . ethan time ! what time . time to torment I , to shout Lou in my face . you go with I to the place where you kill my son and you stand they with you stupid face and say there would be a break in the case . you do not deserve to live . he push dwight toward the water ... dwight be destroy by ethan 's rage and hate . dwight do not do this , not for I , for you , do not ruin you life like I do .... ethan Jesus Christ , you be pathetic , you will say anything , to save yourself . as they move so seaweed cover rock , ethan slip , he reach , try to grab on to dwight 's sweater . miss . crashes on to the rock , Bangs he head , the revolver fly from he hand . and fall to the ground . he 's stunne , can not move . then turn to see dwight lift the revolver . the cylinder have fall open . now dwight snap it back into place . ( continued ) 109 . continued : ( 3 ) and point the gun at ethan . dwight get up . ethan stand , dwight hold the gun on he . dwight ( cont ’d ) get back . I be not go to let you be a murderer . you can not do this . cock the hammer . and hold it to he head . dwight ( cont ’d ) no. no . I have to die to get this over . I have to end this . you need I dead ? blood for blood . nothing else will do . ethan , stare at he . dwight ( cont ’d ) nothing else to do . ethan stare . silence dwight 's hand tighten on the trigger . dwight ( cont ’d ) oh jesus , oh jesus . I take you boy 's life , . if this be what it take to give you back you life I will do it . tell I to do it . dwight 's hand tremble as he press the gun to he head . dwight ( cont ’d ) come on , tell I , please . this be easier . ethan stare at he , try to find the word , can not he 's freeze between anger and pity . dwight ( cont ’d ) tell I , tell I , I 'il do it , say it . please . ethan can only stare . ( continued ) 110 . continued : ( 4 ) dwight ( cont ’d ) please . ethan turn , and walk away . dwight call out after he . dwight ( cont ’d ) do not leave I here . please do not leave I . dwight fall to he knee , weep uncontrollably . dwight ( cont ’d ) please forgive I ! please . ext . learner house . back porch . pre - dawn ethan sit alone on the top stair of the porch as the faintest light of dawn break . ext . seashore . dawn the grey of pre dawn , dwight be still sit on a rock , stare out at the faint glow of the sun . ext . learner house . back porch . dawn ethan 's still there , weep with grief , exhaustion . the dog bark , a light come on , Grace emerge . he look round at she , put he hand out , she take it , sit beside he , he put he arm around she . ethan ( cry ) God , I miss he so . she rest she head on he shoulder . grace I know , I know . come into the house . she help he up , lead he inside . 184 111 . int . dwight 's house . night 184 it 's the last pitch of the Series . Cardinals versus Sox . the Red Sox keith foulke pitch . Edgar renteria of the Cardinals grounds out ! and it 's over ! total jubilation among the Sox . Lucas jump up on the couch , squeal with delight , grab he dad , and hug he . luca they win dad . they win ! dwight hug Lucas close . track back to the video camera alone on the video camera , on the breakfast bar . int . luca room . day Lucas sit on the bed , face the wall , only he back be visible . over he shoulder , he 's look at the video camera . it 's dwight 's confession to he . on screen : ext . beach . day it 's cold December day . ethan and Grace walk hand in hand along the beach . a couple again . fade