resident evil < !-- google_ad_client = " pub-7685866183814465 " ; google_alternate_ad_url = " http://www.horrorlair.com/defaultad_486.html " ; google_ad_width = 468 ; google_ad_height = 60 ; google_ad_format = " 468x60_as " ; google_ad_channel = " 0948875253 " ; google_color_border = " cccc99 " ; google_color_bg = " cccc99 " ; google_color_link = " 333300 " ; google_color_url = " 666633 " ; google_color_text = " cc3300 " ; //--> resident evil by Paul W. S. anderson2000 if the suspense doesn’t kill you something else will close on glass vial be lift from a large medical refrigerator . glove hand slip they into a foam line carry case . the vial be delicate . fill with a cool blue liquid . the hand move quickly . urgently . int . office sleek , super hi—tech . the blind be close . can n’t tell if it 's day or night . typist type . assistant assist . busy worker bee . int . lab same building . same busy bee . Lab technician and scientist in clean white suit . work hard , advance science , make life better . int . elevator Worker bee and science bee chat and flirt . life be good . int . security room dozen of metal cage line the wall . Guard dog . a sleek black doberman sniff the air . begins to bark . close on glass vial as the last one be lift from the refrigerator . but in they haste , the glove hand let the vial slip . the delicate glass tube tumble end over end . and crash to the floor . close on the floor cover in shard of glass and blue liquid . 2 int . office a pretty secretary in she cubicle . lisa . a cute paperweight on she desk : “love be .... never having to say you’re sorry '' she cradle the phone , whisper , not want to be overhear . in front of she sit a carry case for glass vial . similar in design to the one we have already see , but this one be empty . lisa toy with it nervously . lisa I go to the pick up , but there be nothing there .... no serum , no nothing . ( look around nervously ) I ’m worried . ( hesitates ) easy for you to say , I ’m the one in here ! a fire alarm sound . lisa almost jump out of she skin . all around the worker bee look up from they computer screen . in a orderly fashion , they take they jacket from the back of they seat and head for the door . be through this drill a hundred time before . lisa ( contud ) ( relieved ) I ’ve get to go . it 's nothing .... fire drill . meet I tonight .... the usual place . int . lab the man and woman of science look up from they experiment . annoy at the disturbance . a scientist with GREEN eye lower she face mask . GREEN ( sigh ) another day , another drill . a lab technician with blue eye hand GREEN she coat . blue come on . he look down at GREEN be work . a half dissect white rabbit . 3 int . elevator the elevator stop . a young man seem confuse . he wear a grey suit which look brand new . grey what be that ? a kindly woman in a black skirt and jacket smile . black Fire alarm new boy . we’re go to have to take the stair . int . office a crowd that have form by the door . lisa be amongst they . a man in a crisp white shirt push he way to the front . he 's handsome . look like he work out . white what 's the matter ? a woman with long gold hair smile coyly at he . play helpless . we smell office flirtation in the air . gold the door will n’t open . int . security room the guard dog be in frenzy . barking and snarling . throw themselves against the cage door . sense that something be wrong . a uninformed guard attempt to calm they . his badge identify he as clarence . clarence easy there .... easy there boy ! int . lab the overhead sprinkler go off , shower the science bee with freezing cold water . blue damn it ! what happen to the halon system ? GREEN Quick get something over the experiment ! 4 continued : she see she hand write note by the white rabbit . already the ink have run . they’re ruin . GREEN ( contud ) great . a lab technician with chocolate brown eye stand by the big glass door that lead out . brown the door will n’t open . GREEN forget the door . get that slide in a safe place . int . elevator the elevator be still stop . grey ( worried ) should n’t the door open or something ? black it 's suppose take we to the nearest floor . then the light go out . grey ( very worried ) be that suppose to happen ? int . office the worker bee be start to panic . lisa be amongst they . lisa what about the door at the back ? white lock as well . without warning the halon system go off . pillar of high - pressure gas flood into the room , suck the oxygen out of the air , make it impossible for a fire to breathe . a fire . or people . the worker bee begin to choke . 5 int . elevator the emergency light have activate . they surreal red glow make everything seem ten time worse . grey ( rise panic ) what 's go on ? have this happen before ? we have to get out of here ! black quiet . grey what ? black quiet ! they hear a distant roaring sound . rapidly approach , like a express train . grey what be that ? int . elevator shaft the stall car be in the foreground . Beyond it , we see that the shaft be wide enough for another two elevator . out here , the roaring sound be even louder . the roaring reach a crescendo and the source of the noise race past in a blur . it 's another elevator . in free—fall . Inside it , people be scream . int . elevator close on Black as she realize what the sound be . black oh my god ! then the elevator drop . like a stone . int . lab Water be still pour from the sprinkler system . GREEN wave hopelessly at a close circuit camera mount in the ceiling . we see she image reflect in the lens . 6 continued : GREEN there 's no fire here ! no fire ! blue you know this water be n’t go anywhere . GREEN look down at the floor . the water level be rise . blue ( contud ) this be a seal room . suddenly thing become more urgent . GREEN we have to get this door open . int . elevator the car be in free—fall . people be scream . a man have wet himself . int . elevator shaft the emergency brake kick in . one on each corner of the car . spark fly . Metal scream . int . elevator the car shudder to a halt . people sprawle on the floor . crying . int . lab the water be rise . GREEN and Blue struggle with the door . without warning a chair bounce violently off the lab glass window , just miss GREEN . the glass be n’t scratch . GREEN ( contud ) Jesus ! what the hell be you do ? brown advance on the glass with a fire axe . brown stand clear ! blue stop ! brown halt . holding the fire axe aggressively . ready for a fight . 7 continued : blue ( contud ) use the other side . he indicate the other side of the axe head . a single steel point . sharp as a ice pick . blue ( contud ) better chance of get through it . brown heft the axe and strike the window with as much force as he can . int . corridor outside the lab the axe penetrate the glass . just . a pea size piece of glass pop out and bounce across the floor . int . office the halon system switch itself off . the worker bee lie sprawle across the floor . sprawle across they desk , sprawle across one another . not one move . the hive be dead . close on lisa amongst the body , still and lifeless . int . hall way Three shiny steel door stand at the centre of the hallway . body be everywhere . kill as they wait for a elevator . the eerie silence be break by a scratch sound . one of the elevator door pop open a inch . hand force they way out . int . elevator the car have stop between floor . black have to lie on the carpete to peer out of the gap in the elevator door . black my God ! 8 continued : grey let I see . he too see the body in the hallway . grey ( contud ) we have to get out of here . we have to get out of this building . a man with red tie try to force the door open wider . red here .... give I a hand . grey that’s as far as they’ll go . red they’re catch on something . black that 's wide enough . she take she jacket off . black ( contud ) I think I can squeeze through . she get down on she knee in front of the door . the gap be barely 18 inch . it 's go to be tight . black ( contud ) I ’ll get help . int . hallway black squeeze she head through the door , sheus a slim woman , but the gap between the elevator floor and the top of the doorway be also very narrow . even if she get out , sheus go to have to drop six foot to the floor . black I ’m stick .... you’re go to have to push . she inch through a little more . black ( contud ) that’s it . a bit more . int . elevator crack ! a sharp metallic sound echoe around the car . 9 continued : grey what be that ? int . elevator shaft the roof of the elevator . only three of the four emergency brake be now hold on . crack ! another brake unhook . all by itself . int . elevator red oh Christ ! it 's the brake . grey begin to push frantically at black . still trap half in and half out of the elevator . grey get out ! we ’ve get to get out . black I can’t .... I ’m stick ! crack ! the third brake go . red push she out of the way .... we have to get out . black I can n’t move ! crack ! the last brake unhook . the car begin to drop again . int . hallway black p.o.v . we see the floor of the hallway race up at she head . the concrete lip be go to decapitate she . she scream . and at the moment of impact we .... smash CUT to : close up eye Blue eye snap open . woken from a bad dream . widen to reveal a womand face to go with the eye . it 's not perfection , but it 's close . we’ll call she alice . 10 int . bedroom day . alice sit up . look around . four poster bed , oak panele wall , painting of George Washington . through the window she see the ornate grounds of a manor house . there 's even a maze . this could be the 19th maybe even 18th century . alice step out of bed . she 's twenty one . nake . I take it back , she be perfection . something tumble from the bedclothes and land on the floor . alice pick it up . a handwritten note : '' today all you dream come true '' alice shake she head . she move through the room like someone who do n’t know where she be . she stop in front of a full length mirror . stare at she own naked body . touches it . like it be all strange to she . like she do n’t know who she be . alice stand before a ancient wooden dresser with three drawer . she open they one at a time . the first contain crisp starch linen . the second , neatly irone womenk underwear . very white , very conservative . the third , a pair of uzis with laser sighting , under - sling with miniature grenade launcher . alice stare at the weaponry . the look on she face say it all . who be I ? int . mansion '' entrance hallway day . alice descend a sweeping staircase . she 's find some clothes . a tight pair of ski pants and a t—shirt . they fit like they’re hers , but she can n’t remember ever have wear they . the hallway be luxurious and tasteful . tapestry and painting of old relative that alice do n’t recognize adorn the wall . but this be n’t a quaint old house . there 's something in the air . something intangible . something evil . 11 int . mansion - dine room day . the table be set for dinner , but there be no guest . no sign of life . creepy . int . mansion '' study day . a dark oak line study . the only sound be the tick of a grandfather clock . alice take a frame photograph train the desk . it 's of she and a handsome man . they be stand in front of rise bush in the garden . he have he arm around she . he wear a wedding ring . alice look at she own hand . she too wear a sample gold band . this man be she husband ? a sudden shadow fall across the desk . alice jump , startle . something be move out in the garden . alice hello ! alice seem surprised by the sound of she own voice . so that 's what she sound like . ext . mansion '' garden - dusk alice emerge from the study . in front of she be a huge marble statue . a series of bizarre gothic character dance round a maypole . a walrus wear a waistcoat , a rabbit carry a pocket watch , a bald bead knight in armor . both beautiful and also strangely unsettle . in the distance , she see movement at the entrance to the ornate hedge maze . alice hello ! but there 's no reply . in the distance the sky be start to darken . ext . maze - dusk alice be follow someone or something deeper and deeper into the maze . dusk be turn rapidly to night , and the shadow within the maze be beginning to deepen . with every corner alice turn , the tension mount . 12 ext . maze '' CENTER - dusk alice be about to turn back when she suddenly stumble upon the middle of the maze . at the very center point be a chair . and in the chair , a man sit with he back to she . alice hello . the man do n’t reply . alice ( contud ) I ’m not sure if I belong here . alice cautiously approach he . alice ( contud ) I wake up .... and I can n’t remember . the man still do n’t speak . do n’t even move . she reach out to touch he shoulder . mace ( contud ) be you alright ? he be cold to she touch . very cold . alice ( contud ) I .... the camera track around to reveal that she have she hand on the shoulder of a statue . alice sigh . with relief . with embarrassment . the statue be of a old man with a top bat in he lap . the hat have a price tag '' '' in this style 12/6”. matt ( v.0 . ) freeze ! do n’t move . the sudden voice scare the shit out of US . matt ( contud ) now put you hand on the chair . do it ! alice do it . this guy sound tough . matt ( contud ) what be you do here ? matt frisk she . we still have n’t see he face . alice I think I live here . 13 continued : matt ( o.s. ) you think . alice I just wake up .... I do n’t remember anything . matt ( o.s. ) you’re clean . turn around . alice finally see he . smart blue uniform , fresh face . not what she be expect . alice you’re a little young for a policeman be not you ? matt I get a lot of that . he holster he gun . matt ( contud ) who else be in the house ? alice no one .... but I do n’t look everywhere . matt start to head back to the mansion . matt come on .... I get a call to check the place out . below matt be police badge be the name of a town - raccoon CITY . alice where be that ? matt what ? alice the town . matt you’re kid right ? alice shake she head . matt ( contud ) it 's just over that hill . 14 continued : ( 2 ) alice be still none the wiser . matt ( contud ) you really do n’t know anything do you ? ext . mansion '' garden - night the two walk back to the house . alice what be you do in the maze ? matt think I see someone . matt look up at the mansion . we get the feel he want to change the subject . matt ( contud ) how can you live here ? place look haunt . alice wait . matt what ? alice turn to face the dark sky . a sudden breeze blow through she hair . alice do you hear that ? the breeze intensify and for a moment the night sky be block out . above they , a dark void , twin rotor chopping silently through the night air . a darkwing helicopter on stealth mode . it disappear over the roof of the mansion , lose altitude , come in for a landing . alice ( contud ) you call for back up ? matt no. int . mansion - entrance hallway night . matt and alice race through the house . through the window they can see the darkwing squatting on the lawn . they be halfway to the entrance when the door be almost blow off they hinge . 15 continued : a dozen commandos stream in . a tight , discipline group , dress in black and armed to the tooth . if you find gun and body armor sexy , you just come . they do n’t ask alice and matt to get to the floor . they just knock they down . within second matt have be relieved of he badge and gun . one of the commandos , twelve , slide a ancient oak panel to one side , revealing a computer jack point . he flip up the screen on he sleek wrist computer and jack in . the leader of the away team stand above alice . granite jaw , gravel voice , Alpha Dog number one . one report . alice ( confuse ) what ? one I want you report soldier . alice I do n’t know what you’re talk about . twelve sir. twelve look up from he computer . float a inch above it be a detailed holographic schematic of the mansion . as the schematic slowly revolve , a flash text streamer read : looking glass house - status - defensive twelve ( contud ) the house’s primary defense have be activate . she 's probably still suffer the side effect . one very well . he snatch matte badge and toss it to twelve . one ( contud ) what about the cop ? twelve enter matt be badge number into he computer . the holographic schematic of look Glass House be replace by the name and badge number of all the local police . 16 continued : ( 2 ) twelve ( shake he head ) I ’m not get verification . one ( to Matt ) who be you ? matt I ’m a cop .... a local cop . twelve no sir . one take out he sidearm . point it straight at matt . matt I just transfer ! I ’m a rookie .... first day . they probably do n’t even have I on file yet . one turn to he subordinate . one well ? twelve ( shrug ) the local be inefficient . it 's possible one lower he gun . matt remember to breathe . one print he . two commandos grab matt . they extend he right hand and hold it rigid . twelve use a tiny laser scanner to take matt be fingerprint . matt you can n’t do this ... this be a invasion of my civil liberty ! twelve blow I . matt struggle , but to no avail . j.d. ( to Alice ) Nice ass ! 17 continued :( 3 ) one of the commandos be stare at she ass . alice ( shocked ) what ! another commando , a woman , intervene . rain go easy on sleep beauty . she 's lose she memory . j.d. ( brag ) no woman forget I . rain sure ... once they ’ve see how tiny you be , how could they ? j.d. fuck you . rain already do . I think I sleep through it . alice ( bewilder ) who be you people ? j.d. slap he chest . j.d. j.d. Nelson at you service , and this fine figure of a woman be rain . rain Parents be hippie .... my revenge be to enlist . alice ( disbelief ) you people be the military ? rain ( laugh ) not quite . alice then who be you ? 18 continued :( 4 ) j.d. you loose you eyesight as well as you memory gorgeous ? he point to the badge on he flak jacket . it read : sanitation . rain we clean up the mess that other leave behind . twelve ( o.s. ) I get he ! twelve be computer spit out detail on matt . the list be long . twelve ( contud ) ( surprised ) Jesus , this guy get red flag everywhere . quantico , vicap , heus on all the data bank . Matthew frost , a.k.a. Matthew pryce , Matthew Wayne , Matt Zabrowaki . one ( to Matt ) who the fuck be you cowboy ? matt do n’t reply . twelve this guy a real activist , want for multiple count of Eco terrorism . he 's sabotage seal cull , oil refinery , whale hunt , animal testing lab , chemical weapon plant , nuclear facility .... the list go on . one you get something to do with what 's go on here ? matt I do n’t know what you’re talk about . one sure you do n’t . he nod to j.d. and rain . one ( contud ) cuff he . 19 continued :( 5 ) they force matt to he knee and secure he hand behind he back . j.d. should I secure he here ? one no .... he may not be alone , we take he with we . one turn to face the team . one ( contud ) prep for entry to the hive . ext . darkwing - night its cargo unload , the helicopter rise back up into the night sky . int . daricwing '' cockpit night . the pilot be bath in the cool green wash of the h.u.d . the team leaderus voice come through with digital clarity . one ( o.s. ) this be Alpha . team prepare for entry to the hive . we’ll be out of contact till we secure a hard wire . pilot Roger sir . int . mansion '' entrance hallway night . twelve flip open a tile on the intricate floor mosaic . reveal another jack point . one ( to Alice ) sit on the floor . she sit down beside matt . his hand be tightly manacle . bruise already start to show . matt Nice friend you have . twelve watch the scrolling holographic number that hover above he computer . 20 continued : twelve entry to the hive in three ...two ... one . from above we see the pattern on the floor . a giant Art Deco spiral that suddenly begin to move . arm of the spiral start to unlock as a huge chunk of the floor begin to sink beneath the ground . alice watch amaze as the floor they be sit on slip gracefully beneath the earth . ancient wood panele wall be replace with polished high tech steel plate . alice what the hell be go on here ? matt ( cynical ) mostly it 's bad ... all of it 's illegal . j.d. shut it ! matt do as heus tell . alice get to she foot and approach the team leader . alice ( unsure ) Sir ? one what be it soldier ? alice how deep be we go ? one right to the bottom . alice and when we get there ? one we’re go to see the Queen . and then kill she . int . darkwtng - cockpit night . the Pilot set a clock on the h.u.d. to 03 hour 00 minute . the number begin to count down . he pick up he mic , but wait till the h.u.d. read secure before send a message . 21 continued : pilot darkwing to White Queen .... Alpha team have enter the hive . all communication down . await hard wire response . white queen ( o.s. ) Roger darkwing . the clock be run . int . cavern night . the platform carry alice and the sanitation team come to rest in a vast underground cavern . this be a natural creation , but the hand of man be everywhere . as well as the hydraulics for the platform , there be also several temporary structure use for storage . a set of runway light be laid out on the stone floor . they lead to a pair of thick steel door set in the cavern wall . the door bear the logo of the umbrella corporation . one glance at the digital counter on he leave wrist . it read 02:58:24 . we see that the rest of the team carry identical timepiece . the second be tick away . one move out ! lying halfway between the platform and the door be the body of a man call spence . alice immediately recognize he from the photograph in the study . the man with he arm around she . the man that wear she ring . alice oh my God .... itus my husband . j.d. ( laugh ) he’s not you husband . one life sign ? medic affirmative . he must have catch a dose of gas topside .... pass out by the time he make it down here . one bring he round . the medic snap a plastic vial under spence be nose . he come round instantly . 22 continued : spence what ? medic lie still , watch this light . follow it . the medic run through a standard set of test . spence follow they without fail . medic ( contud ) now how many finger be I hold up ? spence Three . medic raise you leave hand . good . now tell I you name . spence I ... I can n’t remember . medic he’s fine . memory loss , just like the other . by now alice be look as confuse as spence . alice but if heus not my husband .... then who be he ? she hold up she wedding ring . alice ( contud ) and what about this ? int . cavern - later the away team have set up a piece of heavy industrial cut gear . they be burn a hole in the lock mechanism of the large steel door . matt stand at a distance , under guard by one of the commandos . clearly no one here trust he . alice and spence also stand slightly apart from the other . one be with they . one the building above we , look Glass House , be the primary entrance to the hive . you and you husband be soldier . place there to protect that entrance . 23 continued : alice we’re not marry ? one a cover story to allay suspicion . secrecy be paramount . no one be to know of the hive’s existence . alice but I see a photograph one look . he open a drawer in one of the storage unit . Inside be a dozen frame photograph . a dozen different happy couple stand in exactly the same pose , in front of exactly the same set of rise bush . one ( contud ) you rotate shift at the house . alice be reeling . have trouble take all this in . spence you okay ? alice yeah ... i’ll be fine . spence why can n’t we remember anything ? one the hive have its own defense mechanism be all computer control . you and you partner be intend as the first line of defense in the mansion . if you be kill or incapacitate , then the computer could deploy its own defense . a nerve agent release through hide vent in the house . primary effect of the gas be complete unconsciousness , last anything up to four hour . secondary effect be varied , but can include acute memory loss . spence for how long ? one subjective . a hour , a day , a week . 24 continued : ( 2 ) alice ( shrug ) great . spence so we be attack ? one no ... I ’m afraid thing be a little more complicated than that . the cut equipment suddenly stop . rain Sir , we’ve breach the hive . int . the hive '' corridor night . the heavy steel door slide aside to reveal a familiar look corridor . the hive be the office building we have see at the start of the movie . the blind be close , because there be no window here . the whole structure be underground . the medic use a hand hold device to sample the air . medic halon content in the air be high . that must be how she kill then . one do we need mask ? medic no , it 's breathable now . twelve jack into a computer point by the door . one status . twelve Red Queen be down to basic logic function . one which mean ? twelve she could just about manage a game of pong . she 's no threat . 25 int . the hive - elevator shaft the commandos force open the door to the shaft . Far below they can see the crumpled remnant of the car . one look like we’re take the stair . int . the hive - stair as the team descend the stair , alice fall in beside one . alice who be the Red Queen ? one the super computer which control the hive . State of the art a.i. create by the same corporation which build this place . alice you mean this be n’t a military base ? one private enterprise . umbrella Corp. could buy and sell the military . ( wry smile ) they pay better too . alice and you’re here to kill the Queen ? one put a bolt right through the bitch logic box . int . the hive - coriridor outside the lad the same science lab we have see at the start of the movie . the team approach the glass wall which separate the lab from the corridor . there be seven narrow jet of water which shoot out from the window . Seven pea size hole punch in the glass by brown be fire axe . the lab itself have totally fill with water . floor to ceiling . the water be murky . visibility zero . spence peer into the gloom . there 's something in there ... can n’t quite make it out . suddenly something bump against the glass . in big close up we see brown be hideously distort face . 26 continued : spence jump back in fright . he lose he dignity , the audience lose they popcorn . GREEN , blue and brown have all drown . GREEN be face also float close to the glass , she feature bloat , but she eye as beautiful as ever . her mouth be freeze in a die scream . mace what happen ? one four hour ago , Red Queen go homicidal . seal the hive and try to kill everyone within it . twelve when we realize what be happen , White Queen be bring on line to try and control she sister . alice White Queen ? one a identical computer base at 1 ~ orad . the two of they fight it out . a electronic Battle Royale . after 2.7 second it be over . Red Queen be disabled , and we be dispatch to finish she off . alice why do she do it ? twelve we do n’t know . j.d. ( aggressive ) but I ’m sure we bogus cop have a few answer ... he shove matt . j.d. ( contud ) ... do n’t you ? matt I do n’t have anything to do with this . rain then what be you do topside ? a spot of gardening ? 27 continued : ( 2 ) j.d. maybe we should do a little pruning ourselves ... j.d. produce a knife . hold it by matt be crotch . j.d. ( contud ) get some answer . one leave he .... we’ve get professional for that kind of thing . matt I ’m sure you do . j.d. lean in close to matt . the wolfish smile have a sadistic edge to it . j.d. ( whisper ) just to let you know . if you’re responsible for this . I ’m go to make sure you pay .... personally . the team begin to move off . matt ( to Alice ) I do n’t kill people .... you have to believe I . alice look at he like he be dirt on she shoe . alice sure .... I believe you . she walk off . j.d. shove matt ahead of he . j.d. move it . twelve take one last look into the flood lab . into GREEN be dead stare eye . twelve poor bastard . as he hurry after the rest of the team , we hold on GREEN be dead face . after a moment she turn her eye to follow twelve . 28 int . the hive - corridor night . rain stand by a set of heavy blast door which be block they progress . she 's work on the lock mechanism . one how's it come ? rain most of this door be magnetically seal . we’re not go to get they open till we sever the power . one can we cut through ? rain it’ll take time . one check he timepiece . 02:15:32 one find a alternate route . close on the wedding ring as alice slip it from she finger . Inside the band of gold be a inscription : '' property of umbrella corp .” matt ( o.s. ) sorry to hear about the marriage . alice look up to see matt . alice leave I alone . matt I ’m really not the man you think I be . alice why do you care what I think ? matt because I do n’t have many friend down here . and I have the feel I may need one . alice and why be that ? 29 continued : matt listen . do you hear it ? alice listen carefully . it 's barely audible , but it 's there . a low groan sound . it seem almost human . almost . alice what be that ? matt I do n’t know . but I ’ve be hearing it since we enter this place . he look up at the grille that cover one of the air duct . matt ( contud ) it 's come from the vent . AIR vent - continuous we see alice and matt from inside the darken air shaft . be there something inside ? something watch they ? alice ( unsure ) Air conditioning ? matt shake he head . matt I just hope you friend know what they be do . int . specimen room twelve punch in a access code '' 667 '' and a heavy steel door slide away to reveal a vast room fill with specimen tank . the tank be make of circular plexi and reach from floor to ceiling . there be literally hundred of they , and with no clear way through the room , they form a grotesque kind of maze . each tank be fill with a viscous liquid and some new exciting monstrosity . animal splice together . skeleton that look barely human . some that clearly aren’t . bioengineer run amok . rain now this be some surreal shit right here . 30 continued : matt pretty be n’t it ? ( to Alice ) gene splicing , cloning , chemical testing all of it illegal . ban by international law . that 's why umbrella hide it away down here . j.d. ( angry ) who the tuck ask you opinion ? for a moment , it look like j.d. may explode . he really do n’t like matt . one defuse the situation . one j.d you and rain secure this exit . one ( contud ) the rest of you , with I . close on alice as she wander through the room . she see human body stripped of they skin , just the bare musculature on show . mesmerized by the freak show , she do n’t realize that she be be slowly separate from the other . this room do indeed function like a maze , and alice be become lose . she stop in front of one tank . it contain a strange four legge creature with no eye and a grotesque long tongue . perhaps this be human once , but that be a long time ago . the liquid the dead creature be keep in be be constantly circulate , and the movement make the three foot long tongue sway . it shine past the plexiglas , as though it be lick it . up close , the pink fleshy tongue be cover in a thousand tiny barb . this be the stuff of nightmare . really fuck up nightmare . the kind serial killer have . alice look away from the tank and realize that the rest of the team have disappear . she be alone in this grotesque maze . where literally anything could be hide . she suddenly sense movement . something refracted through the curve glass of a specimen tank , something horrifying . 31 continued : alice turn and bam ! come face to face with one . alice try to stifle a scream , but do n’t quite succeed . one do n’t wander off . alice ( embarrassed ) sorry . she glance back at the monstrous creature in the tank . alice ( contud ) when I get my memory back , be I go to know what kind of stuff go on down here ? one no. alice and I do n’t suppose you want to tell I ? one you suppose right soldier . int . control room a glass wall control booth look out onto a long stainless steel corridor . the metal be so highly polished it hurt to look at . spence what 's take so long ? twelve be operate three plasma screen laptop simultaneously , run multiple bypass on the control room computer . twelve Red queend just beyond that door . twelve indicate a thick vault door at the end of the steel corridor . twelve ( contud ) and sheus well protect . above the door sit a infra red camera with a weapon cluster build around it . 32 continued : twelve ( contud ) High explosive , armor pierce , C.S. gas , this baby have it all . every five second the camera pan the corridor , the weapon cluster follow the sweep , prepare to annihilate anything that cross its path . spence I think she be go to have trouble with pong ? one we do n’t believe in take risk . it 's clear that one do n’t want he bother he man any more , so spence drift over to alice instead . spence so .... he look alice over and twirl the wedding ring suggestively around he finger . spence ( contud ) man and wife . alice we cover . spence live in that house together . late at night . you think we ... you know ? alice ( very certain ) I do n’t think so . in the steel corridor , the weapon cluster power dawn . twelve we’re in ! int . steel corridor one lead the away team towards the vault door . they advance cautiously , still wary of any potential trap . int . control room twelve be still at he station by the three laptop . he and alice watch through the glass wall as the away team advance . 33 continued : sheus clearly impressed by onex leadership . maybe a little take with he as well . alice he’s a cool customer . twelve kept we all alive a long time . int . steel corridor one stand before the vault door . this thing look like it could withstand a atomic bomb , one place a tiny electronic box over the vaultus lock mechanism . int . control room one ( o.s. ) transmitter in position . twelve fire up he three computer . twelve Roger ... run the bypass . alice , matt and spence watch as thousand of letter and number scroll across the three plasma screen . on the first computer , the possibility quickly reduce , and then settle on a simple code : rq kr 4 wq qb 4 wq qb 5 - unlock after a moment the second screen read : wq KB 8 wq qb 8 rk k 2 - unlock then the third and final screen : wk KB 5 rq k wq qr 6 - unlock twelve sit back , satisfied . twelve ( contud ) checkmate . int . steel corridor the vault door reverberate as its giant lock mechanism come undone . thirty inch of steel plate swing aside to reveal a high dome chamber bath in red light . the lair of the Red Queen . 34 continued : one forward in team . int . control room alice , matt and spence watch in fascination as one unhook what look like a miniature rocket launcher from he belt . alice what be that ? twelve that 's what 's go to put the Queen to sleep . the shell be tip with deplete uranium . spence they’re radioactive ? twelve no .... it 's what 's leave of uranium once nuclear fission be over . matt ten time heavier than lead . twelve what the hell kind of environmentalist be you ? matt ( shrug ) I read '' gun and ammo” . int . steel corridor the first team of commandos be just about to enter the queend chamber when without warning , a thick blast door suddenly slam down . it separate the away team from the control room , cut off they escape route . one twelve ? int . control room twelve scramble for a answer , he finger fly between the three keyboard . 35 continued : twelve some kind of dormant defense mechanism , we must have trip it when we open the door . one ( o.s. ) well put it back to sleep . twelve work on it . int . steel corridor one keep a tight rein on he troops . allow no one to panic . one hold you position ! everyone stay calm ! commando what 's that ? from within the queend chamber come a sudden movement . a horizontal beam of red light . travel down the corridor at high speed . one down ! down ! one drag the commando beside he to the ground as the wire thin beam of light pass overhead . commando my finger .... the commando stare at he right hand . all four finger be miss . commando ( contud ) .... what happen to my finger ? they be lie on the highly polished floor . along with the remain of he gun , also neatly slice in half . the commando begin to go into shock . one medic ! the medic be stand close by . unmove . one ( contud ) medic ! 36 continued : blood begin to pour from a razor thin line around the medicus neck . then he head peel off and tumble to the floor . the headless body remain stand for a moment . then it fall to its knee and pitch forward . commando 2 ( terrify ) what the fuck be that ? one laser beam . stay out of its way .... it’ll cut straight through you . int . control room alice and matt be try to force the heavy steel blast door open . alice we’ve get to get they out of there ! spence ( to twelve ) help then . twelve I ’m try ! int . steel corridor one tie a bloody tourniquet around the remain of the commandous hand . one stay conscious ... you’re go into shock ... you have to stay awake ! commando 2 it 's come back ! the thin line of laser light streak back towards they . this time it be just above ankle level , like a trip wire . commando 2 try to jump over it , but the laser adjust , suddenly raise in height . commando 2 be catch off guard and slice neatly in two . he stay conscious for a couple of second . just long enough to see the horror of he own body fall apart . only one have survive . 37 continued : he have leap into the air and stay there , he foot brace against either wall of the corridor . the laser beam have pass right underneath he , only just miss . a knife that hang from he belt be cut clean in two . the metal blade clatter to the steel floor below . int . control room alice and spence struggle with the blast door . they be start to inch it open . but the laser wire be come back for one . one ( o.s. ) shut it down ! shut it down ! twelve almost there . stream of letter and number chase across he computer screen as twelve close in on the override code . int . steel coriridor one ready himself as the laser wire race towards bun . it be at waist level , but could alter at any moment . one stand he ground . ready to pit he lightning reflex against that of the computer . his concentration be absolute . at the last second , the single thin laser wire switch to a grid . fifty interlock laser line fan a deadly net from which there be no escape . one shit ! the laser grid dice he into three inch cube . int . control room the other watch in horror as onex body literally fall apart . everyone in the corridor be dead . the team have be wipe out in under thirty second . twelve be laptop beep . break the silence . it have crack the override code . in the steel corridor laser flicker and die . 38 continued : too little . too late . twelve alright .... he get uncertainly to he foot . twelve ( contud ) letus do it . spence ( incredulous ) what ? twelve we have to complete the mission . spence glance into the steel corridor . spence I ’m not go in there . twelve her defense be down . spence deja vu anyone ? you’re on you own . twelve take a deep breath . twelve alright . int . steel corridor twelve stand at the threshold of the corridor . his eye flick from one detail to another . the end of the corridor dead body .... the vault door .... dead body .... onex missile launcher ... death .... the security camera silently watch .... death .... death .... more death ... twelve ( lose it ) alright .... get a grip .... calm down . alice ( o.s. ) hey . the sudden voice make twelve jump out of he skin . he turn to see alice at he shoulder . alice ( contud ) want some company ? 39 close up eye Dead and stare . one of the commandos . we can still see the surprise freeze on he face . alice and twelve edge they way past the body . side by side , jack up on adrenaline . ready for anything . alice by the way ... you get a name ? he indicate the patch on he shoulder . twelve twelve . alice that 's a number , not a name . twelve isiab tagawa mercurio . mace catchy . twelve that 's why twelve stick . alice i’d introduce myself but ... she shrug . do n’t even know she own name . int . the queend chamber flooded with red light , this be the very heart of the hive . the room pulse with a life of its own . twelve now carry the missile launcher . the trigger be slick with blood . he approach a computer console at the centre of the room . circular in design , and just over four foot high , it resemble a giant chess piece . girl ( v.0 . ) get out ! a beautiful sixteen year old girl walk from the shadow . she 's furious , she hand clench in anger . girl ( contud ) get out ! you can n’t be in here ! 40 continued : twelve walk straight up to the girl and then step clean through her ! twelve holographic representation of the Red Queen . girl-re queen you have to get out ! twelve begin to set up the missile launcher , oblivious to the angry youth at he side . twelve head programmerus daughter . red queen I would n’t advise this . twelve ( to Alice ) do n’t listen to anything she say . red queen disable I will result in loss of primary power . twelve sheus only try to deceive we ... red queen you’ll never be able to reach the surface . twelve .... confuse we .... red queen everything I have do have be for you own good . twelve .... she’ll say anything to stop we shutting she down . twelve ready the rocket launcher . he stand before a glow red lens at the top of the console . the Red queend “eye '' red queen the console be armored . you will n’t penetrate it . 41 continued : ( 2 ) he point twelve uranium tip shell . alice ten time heavier than lead . the rocket launcher straight at the queend eye . red queen ( desperate ) I implore you . twelve implore away . red queen please .... Red queend plead voice sound almost human . a vulnerable young girl . red queen ( contud ) .... please ! twelve be finger tighten . fourteen pound of pressure on a fifteen pound trigger . he 's go to do it . all the humanity suddenly vanish from Red queend voice . red queen ( contud ) ( cold ) you’re all go to die down here . twelve fire . the missile penetrate the console . the image of the Queen and then the light in the chamber flicker and die . for a second , inky darkness . then the emergency lighting kick in . this new menace half light be accompany by a heavy metallic pound noise . distant to start with , but gradually draw closer . like a giant’s footstep slowly approach . alice what be that ? 42 continued :( 3 ) twelve most of the door down here be magnetic lock . when we cut the main power , we pop they all wide open . get out should be a lot easier than come in . int . the hive '' various a montage of shot show heavy steel door open all across the complex . even the door to the flood science lab slide open , allow a torrent of water to race into the corridor . the body of GREEN , blue and brown be sweep along in the tide . int . control room twelve here it be . her logic chip . twelve hold a small BOX in he hand . the size of a single CD case , its surface be cover in a pattern of black and white square , like a miniature chess board . twelve ( contud ) the essence of the Red Queen condense on a single microprocessor . spence be it safe ? twelve do n’t worry . she can n’t do anything from in there . it 's like put the genie back in the bottle . spence you mean sheus not dead ? twelve be you kid ? do you know how much she cost ? they’ll try to put she right , or at least figure out what go wrong . matt so it 's okay for a computer to kill people . you just send she to the shrink . if she be a person , she’d fry . twelve people do n’t cost as much as she do . 43 continued : matt that 's a real nice attitude you have . twelve ignore he . twelve with the main power down , there’ll be no ventilation . ( pack up he equipment ) the airus go to start get stale pretty soon . int . specimen room the labyrinth of horror . look even worse by the dim glow of the emergency light . twelve everybody stay close . alice shoot he a look . that 's one major piece of unneed advice . twelve take the lead as they head through the giant room . but the deeper they go , the great the sense of unease . the specimen seem to be watch they . leer at they . a sudden flash of movement . a glimpse of something hideous , see through the curve glass of the specimen jar . be it just a trick , a distortion of the glass , or be there something else in here with they ? unease become dread . spence slow . almost stop . without think , heus hold he breath . just like the audience . we all sense it . something terrible be about to happen . suddenly a claw hand on he neck . digging in , bite into the flesh . spence scream and turn to face the horror . spence ( contud ) what the fuck be you do ? it’s j.d . he and rain be where one leave they . guarding the retreat . j.d. quiet . they all listen . 44 continued : the shuffle of foot ? and a low moan noise . almost human . almost . spence what be that ? alice and matt share a look . this be the sane noise they have hear through the air vent . only now it 's closer . now it 's in the room with they . rain there . she see movement behind one of the specimen tank . rain ( contud ) over there . j.d. no .... there ! j.d. see another one . whatever they be , they’re all around . spence what the fuck be down here ? j.d. I ’m not wait to find out . now move ! j.d. push they towards the exit . rain we’re almost there .... keep go ! the exit be just ahead . something big move behind one of the tank . S.D. let loose a burst from he m16 . the tank shatter send break plexi and fluid everywhere . they still have n’t see they pursuer . j.d. run ! they do . alice sprinting ahead , straight into a figure in a lab coat . a woman . her tongue be swollen and bloat . her death be painful and slow . you can see it in what 's leave of she face . the undead have arrive . 45 continued : ( 2 ) alice scream as the undead woman hinge at she . the womand action be slow and jerky , but alice be catch by surprise and knock to the ground . she struggle to get up , but the weight of the undead woman keep she pin to the floor . alice look into the womand dead eye , which stare straight back at she . there 's no life leave here , but there be something else . a terrible , terrible hunger . rain kick the woman off . she roll over and begin to get up . Broken rib mean nothing . pain mean nothing . rain empty a round into she chest . then another , then another . still the woman advance . bullet mean nothing . the m16 dry click . empty . twelve move to help when two more undead loom behind he . one grab he arm , the other he hair . he struggle to break free , but can’t . twelve help I ! but j.d. can n’t hear over the sound of he own gunfire . he 's blast away at the rise tide of undead . alice sit with she back against one of the tank . in a state of shock . traumatize . we see but she doesn’t '' a figure move behind the tank , circle towards she . its monstrous face distort even more by the cone plexiglas . rain struggle with the undead woman . try to hold she off . to keep the tooth from she throat . matt ( to Spence ) help they ! matt be helpless , he hand still cuffed . spence survey the scene . see alice in shock . twelve and rain pin by the undead . j.d. nowhere to be see . then he bolt for the exit . one of the undead bite down hard on twelve be shoulder . he scream in pain . rain struggle with the undead woman . she have rain by the hair . 46 continued :( 3 ) rain bitch ! rain grab she by the head and twist . the undead be neck snap with a hollow crack and she fall to the ground . unmove . the figure behind alice come into view . she 's still unaware of the danger . it 's brown , the scientist from the start of the movie . the fire axe still dangle uselessly from he right hand . his face be bloat and swollen from the water . death by drown always look bad . especially when the body start to walk around . he reach for alice . his finger be inch from she skin . two more undead have surround twelve . the four of they have wrestle he to the ground and be bite in a frenzy at he arm and chest . one of they wrestle a .45 auto from twelve be belt , but do n’t know what to do with it . matt ( o.s. ) I ’ll take that . still in cuff , matt snatch the gun from the undead be hand . the undead creature look up in surprise as matt blow the back of its head off . surprisingly , there 's very little blood . Inside , the creature be dry , withere husk . a scream bring cur attention back to alice . the undead brown have a hand on she throat . he drop the fire axe and secure he other hand around she wind pipe . matt carefully take aim . brown be head in he sight - and squeeze . click . empty . alice be slam against the plexi tank . the last of she breath leave she body . she 's pass out . she feel brown be saliva on she face . rank and fetid . but still she do n’t move . the trauma have trigger some kind of recall in mice’s mind . big close up on alicer eye suddenly the camera accelerate forward , racing past the cool blue of she iris and plunging deep within the dark well of she pupil . 47 continued :( 4 ) as the camera spiral through the darkness , we sense sudden flash of color and sound . memories . alicer flashback : blurr imagery , distort voice . the logic of a dream . the camera lose in a dark , evil forest . the kind you see in fairy tale . but as we pull back , the forest be reveal to be a giant oil painting . in front of it stand a table . and on the table a foam line carry case and a pair of glove . we recognize they front the start of the movie . unseen voice I can help you get the virus . access code , security plan , the work . end alicer flashback smash CUT to : the present alice force against the plexi tank . brown be hand around she neck , choke . dying . bam ! brown be head be suddenly pin against the plexiglas by the fire axe . the axe have go clear through he skull , in one ear and out the other . his hand drop away from alice' throat , but brown be body remain stand . his head pin to the specimen tank . alice ( choke ) thank you . spence stand there . her saviour . alice ( contud ) you come back . spence I do n’t know the door code . rain hate to break up the husband / wife thing , but letus get the fuck out of here . there 's more of they on the way . 48 continued : they race for the exit . twelve seem badly injure . alice and spence have to help he . behind they , a dozen undead be slowly follow . up ahead they hear gunfire and moment later see j.d. by the exit , hold a whole band of undead at bay . j.d. ( flip ) what take you ? rain aim for the head . that seem to work . twelve arrive at the door . tries to type the entry code in . the sound of gunfire be deafen . j.d. what 's take so long ? twelve I ’m try . his hand be shaking so hard , he can n’t hit the key . rain out of the way tech boy . rain push he aside . rain ( contud ) what 's the code ? twelve ( shake ) six , six , seven . rain punch in the code . rain see how easy that be ? the door slide smoothly open to reveal ... a dozen undead ! they hand reach for rain . grabbing she , drag she into the dark void beyond . rain ( screan ) no ! j.d. out of my way ! 49 continued : ( 2 ) j.d. run forward , two gun in he hand , both blaze . rain have almost disappear under a mass of rotting undead limb . rain ( desperate ) oh my God ! help I ! other hand reach for she and try to drag she away from the undead . it 's alice and twelve . play tug of war with the undead , and rain be the rope . but it 's hopeless and rain be drag deeper into the ravening horde . j.d. rain ! no ! j.d. plunge into the doorway after she . his hand grab hers , and for a moment she hold on . rain ( plead ) j.d. .... do n’t let go ! please ! do n’t let go ! then one of the undead get a hold of j.d.’ S hand and take a nice big bite . you know the fleshy bit between you thumb and forefinger ? well j.d. do n’t have that any more . j.d. ( contud ) ( intense pain ) aaaaah ! he let go and rain disappear from sight . all that can be beard be she scream . j.d. ( contud ) no ! j.d. would fling himself into the horde of undead , but the other hold he back . alice it 's no good . j.d. ( furious ) let go of I ! the scream stop . matt we’ve get to go back ! 50 continued :( 3 ) j.d. ( almost in tear ) rain ! but sheus go . and the undead want fresh meat . alice we have to get out of this room . the undead pour into the room . too many to hold back . and now they move faster . excite by the sight of blood . still j.d. will n’t move . alice ( contud ) j.d. .... please . she look he in the eye . icy calm , despite the ravening horde that threaten to overwhelm they . alice ( contud ) we have to go . j.d. finally snap out of it . realizing that rain be never come back . stun , he nod and they move off . the survivor race through the room , weaving between the slower move undead . when something get in they way , j.d. level it with a burst from he m16 . his anger rise . j.d. motherfucker ! dirty motherfucker ! mound they , plexiglas tank shatter and explode as stray bullet crash into they . and in all the chaos , the group begin to get separate . like mouse in a maze . close on a heavy door as spence slam it behind they . they be back where they start . wider to reveal - int . control room spence look around . only now do he realize that some of they group be miss . 51 continued : spence where be the other ? where the tuck be the other ? alice and matt be go . j.d. do n’t look at I . twelve damn ! twelve un -strap he kevlar vest and let it fall to the ground . his entire body be cover with bite shape mark . the bruise be already turn a ugly yellow color . twelve ( contud ) I feel like lunch . j.d. slump to the ground , he back to the wall . Nice solid wall . no chance of anything creep up on he . rain be death have snap something within j.d. blood drip from he savage hand . on the other side of the door we bear dozen of fist pound . spence well I ’m not go to end up a goddamn happy meal for one of that tuck ! j.d. whatever they be , you can stop they with a shot to the head . spence ( angry ) whatever they be ? it 's pretty goddamn obvisous what they be . Lab coat , badge . that people use to work here . twelve all the people work here be dead . spence well that be n’t stop they from walk around ! j.d. where do they come from ? why do n’t we see they on the way in ? 52 continued : ( 2 ) twelve when we cut the power , we unlock all the door . we let pandora out of the box . spence that thing could be all over the place . we’re never go to make it to the surface . twelve so she be right . spence what ? twelve the Queen ... she be right . the moment be break by the sound of a gun be rack . j.d. be check he assault rifle . j.d. twenty seven round . ( to twelve ) you ? twelve six in the clip ... one in the breech . spence we be so fuck . not too eloquent , but it seem pretty accurate . CUT to : close on alice for the first time , all alone in the dark . and it 's terrifying . widen to reveal –- int . security room we recognize the room from the start of the movie . the one with all the cage guard dog . only now the cage be empty . many have hole in they , chew straight through the mesh . what would make a dog do that ? alice cautiously make she way down the half light corridor . then suddenly she stop . sense that she be n’t alone . in the audience , people be watch from behind they finger . 53 continued : then she hear it . a sharp click sound . Nails on a cement floor . in the shadow , a dark shape move . a low demonic growl . alice easy there I good doggie . the doberman advance into a shaft of light . but this be like no dog we’ve ever see before . its eye be glaze . its flesh decaye . undead doggie . alice ( contud ) oh hell . the doberman charge and alice do the only sensible thing . she run . the Dog leap at she , all tooth and claw . alice dodge and dive into one of the cage for or protection . she slam the mesh door in the hellhound’s face . alice wedge door shut . she 's trap in the cage , and the door will n’t hold for long . but it do n’t matter anyway , because out of the shadow step a second doberman . already in the cage with her ! the second undead Dog jump at alice , knock she to the ground . she 's no match for its savagery . it 's a struggle just to keep its jaw from she throat . as if that be n’t enough , the first Dog be slowly force the cage door open . it will be through in moment . they want blood , she blood . the Dog on top of alice force its jaw around she face . big close up on alicer eye suddenly the camera accelerate forward , racing past the cool blue of she iris and plunging deep within the dark well of she pupil . as the camera spiral through the darkness , we sense sudden flash of color and sound . memories . through her eye we see : schematics of the dog : biological cross section : detail of the dogus skeleton : a weak point identify on the dobermand neck . 54 continued : ( 2 ) her hand be already there . guide by instinct . SNAP ! the undead Dog stop move . she 's kill it with she bare hand . crash ! the cage door burst open . the other Dog charge . ferocious , unstoppable . in one slick acrobatic move , alice leap into the air and boost herself through a hole in the cage roof . the Dog jump after she , but alice be just out of reach . she roll over the cage roof , drop to the ground and slam the cage door shut . right in the hellhound’s face . alice slam the door bolt home . the Dog be trap , helpless in the cage . alice smile and turn away , smack into another of the undead ! it 's the security guard who use to tend the dog . clarence . we recognize he from the start of the movie . alice recognize he from he name tag . alice ( contud ) easy there clarence . the undead guard lunge for she , but alice be lightning fast , as though someone else have take possession of she body . she weave through he arm , lift the sidearm from he bolster and drill a bullet through he forehead . as the undead clarence collapse , more memories flood into alice . in ultra fast succession we see a dozen schematics of the handgun . in two second flat , she have eject the magazine , check the number of bullet , slam the mag home and chamber another round . all before clarence’s body have hit the ground . alice be stunne by all this sudden killer instinct . stare at herself , gun in hand . alice ( contud ) damn ! I ’m a tough bitch . int . control room twelve stare at the door . it 's beginning to buckle under the weight of the undead . he suddenly turn back to the other : 55 continued : twelve it 's a long shot .... but there might be someone who could help we . j.d. who ? twelve take the box from he pocket . spence you’re kid right ? twelve if anyone could find a way out of here it would be she . spence no . absolutely not . he look to j.d. spence ( contud ) right ? no reply . spence ( contud ) in case I ’ve be the only one pay attention , that homicidal bitch try to kill we all . twelve that homicidal bitch may be the only one who can tell we what the hell’s go on down here . ( shrug ) I know it 's not ideal . spence you say that right . j.d. if you switch she back on ... you could control she ? spence I do n’t believe this . twelve if she say or do anything we do n’t like .... he indicate the switch at the base of the box . 56 continued : ( 2 ) twelve ( contud ) itus the flip of a switch . close on a guillotine blade the kind use for shy through thick stack of paper . it come down on a batter pair of handcuffs for the hundredth time . finally a link break . widen to reveal '' int . office matt , now free from the cuff , start to make he way through the familiar office space . this be where we have last see lisa . but now the place be trash . smear with dirt and blood . he reach lisa be cubicle and sit down at she desk . we recognize the '' love be .... '' never having to say you’re sorry '' paperweight . after a moment he begin to methodically check the desk drawer . unseen p.o.v. move through the office space . slow , jerky step . glimpsing matt in the distance . close on matt as he turn , sense something . there 's someone in here with hint . matt crane he head around the side of the cubicle . nothing there . he go back to the desk and redouble he effort . he find the foam line carry case . snap it open . empty . unseen p.o.v. close in on matt . he have he back to we . try to force open a lock drawer in lisa be desk . close on matt as the lock drawer pop open . he rifle through the papers inside . all useless . then he stop . he 's find a frame picture . matt and lisa arm in arm , smile at the camera . matt give the photograph a long look . crash ! 57 continued : a sudden noise make matt turn . a office chair have be knock over by the staggering monstrosity in front of he . it 's lisa . back from the dead . matt still hold the photo in he hand . the two of they arm in arm . lisa alive and beautiful . but the reality stand above he . lisa the undead . her face distort into a grotesque mask . the agony of suffocation . matt oh baby lisa stare at he . make no attempt to attack . close on her eye we see matt reflect in she pupil . the undead lisa groan . be there a hint of recognition ? slowly she raise she hand to he cheek . touches he lightly . tenderly . then sink she nail into he flesh . matt ( in agony ) aaaaah ! lisa lunge forward push matt back over the desk . her tooth snap at he throat . matt fight back , but lisa be surprisingly strong . he slug she across the face , break she tooth and he knuckle , but she do n’t flinch . do n’t hesitate for a moment . she want blood . slowly , inevitably , she force she mouth around matt be windpipe . her break tooth -ready to tear out a jag chunk of raw flesh . when suddenly she stiffen . and then fall to the ground . to reveal alice stand behind she . the heavy '' love be ....“ paperweight in she hand . matt struggle to he foot . alice look down at lisa . this be the second time we’ve see she die . lying beside the body be the break picture frame . matt and lisa . Hand in hand . smiling . alice who be she ? 58 continued : matt ( choke ) my sister . alice I ’m sorry . matt I could have talk to she .... reasoned with she . alice not with this thing . matt they’re not “things” , they’re people ! they have mother , bother .... brother . alice ( cold ) no . you can n’t think of they that way anymore . matt you know something ? matt stare at she . the new icy composure . who be this woman ? matt ( contud ) when you remember who you be ... I have the feel we be not go to get on . CUT to : close up of the BOX as twelve plug it into the holographic projector on he computer . the chess square illuminate and a life size 3d image of the teenage Queen flicker into life beside they . the genie be out of the bottle . red queen ah , there you be . ( gloat ) I do warn you . Red Queen be about to continue when j.d. cut she off . 59 continued : j.d. let get something straight I from what I understand , you’re state of the art artificial Intelligence , which mean you consider yourself a live , think be , correct ? red queen yes .... that be correct . j.d. and this box be the last remnant of you sorry ass . so let I make one thing clear . you try to fuck with we in any way and I will personally grind you super gigabyte punk ass into dust . finito ! comprende ? red queen I speak fifty—seven language . j.d. good . so now you can answer some question . number one .... what the luck be you people do down here ? red queen the usual thing . gene splicing , toxicology , bioengineer . all in service of mankind one great goal find new and exciting way to wipe itself out . spence be n’t we the witty little microchip ? red queen merely here to serve . the argument be interrupt by the undead . bang hard against the door to the specimen room . twelve what be that thing out there ? red queen thing ? spence drool , staggering ... bad complexion , worse attitude . 60 continued : ( 2 ) red queen I presume you be refer to the retro animated weapon system . j.d. the what ? red queen in human mythology , I believe they be traditionally refer to as the undead . twelve explain . red queen even in death , the human body still remain active . Hair and fingernails continue to grow , new cell be produce , and the brain itself hold a small electrical charge that take month to dissipate . much of the research in the hive be devote to that electronic signal leave in the brain .... fragment of memory that decay over time . a virus , t—3 be develop . this t-virus provide a massive jolt to that trace electronic impulse . ( pause a beat ) put quite simply , it reanimate the body . j.d. you’re bring the dead back to life ? red queen not fully . the subject have the simple of motor function . perhaps a little memory .... virtually no intelligence . drive by the basest of impulse .... the most basic of need . twelve which be ? red queen the need to feed . spence ( fear the worst ) and what do this thing feed on ? 61 continued :( 3 ) red queen they feed on what mankind have always want to prey upon , what you have always seek to destroy . yourselves . spence they eat people ? twelve that 's inhuman . rrd queen on the contrary . I find it perfectly in keep with human behavior . stripped of culture , intelligence , reason .... they be you true primal selve . the evil that dwell within all of you . the computer smile . red queen ( contud ) it 's quite poetic really . spence sit down on the cold floor . spence oh my God . red queen I be try to keep they isolate , but I be afraid you have change all that . twelve why develop such a thing ? red queen to use as a weapon of course . imagine it a enemy nation infect with t—3 . the idea of have you own mother and father rise up out of the grave against you . to be attack by you own flesh and blood . the psychological impact alone would be devastating . j.d. if they’re a weapon , you must be able to control they . red queen when the enemy surrender , the infect area would be spray with a anti-toxin , T -4. 62 continued :( 4 ) twelve and that would kill they ? red queen it would prevent further transmission . the remain undead would have to be dispatch individually . sever the top of the spinal column or massive trauma to the brain be the most effective method . spence we be so fuck . j.d. you say that already . spence well now I really mean it . int . office alice and matt pick they way cautiously through the devastation . alice what be you look for back there ? matt evidence . alice of what ? you see the kind of horror they have in that specimen room . well that 's just the tip of the iceberg . alice how could they do all of this without someone know ? matt like who ? alice the government . matt ( laugh ) of course the government know . ( more ) 63 continued : matt ( contud ) just like they know about the genetically modify meat in you burger , the d.n.a. enhance corn in you taco shell . they know about all this shit . they just do n’t get involved . they leave it to company like umbrella . buy the end product if it work out , deny all responsibility if it doesn’t . we want concrete evidence for the press . we be go to smuggle out a sample of they new viral weapon . alice and ? matt ( look around ) we do n’t cause this if that 's what you mean ? alice ( accusingly ) then who do ? matt my sister have a contact within the hive . someone I never meet . they be suppose to help we get sample of the t-virus . think they double cross we instead . alice why ? matt on the open market , who know what something like that would be worth ? alice ( look at the horror all around ) Worth all this ? matt to someone . int . control room twelve continue he interrogation of the Red Queen . twelve why kill everyone in the hive ? 64 continued : red queen because there be a leak . t—3 escape a unplan pattern of infection begin . once the virus be loose , I could n’t allow anyone to leave the hive . so I take the appropriate action . spence you butcher they . red queen if one infect human have escape from the hive ... a green holographic projection spring up in front of the box . it 's a map of the USA . a tiny pin prick of red appear in the map . red queen ( contud ) ... the infection would have spread to cover the United States within 13 day . the pin prick grow rapidly until it become a tide of red which sweep dramatically across the map . red queen ( contud ) Canada and South America in 27 day ... the map expands until eventually it become a entire globe . and the faster the map grow , the faster the red tide flow . red queen ( contud ) ... worldwide infection in less than two month . the holographic globe , now submerge beneath a blood red sea , flicker and disappear . red queen ( contud ) so I take step . spence step the group be stunne . silenced by the enormity of they situation . red queen if I might make a suggestion . you have sufficient ammunition . one bullet apiece to the spinal column should suffice . 65 continued : ( 2 ) j.d. what be you say ? red queen merely that I think suicide would be preferable to what await you . spence but we’re not infect . red queen just one bite , one scratch from this creature will infect you . you could live a long and happy life , but when you die ... you become one of they . j.d. look down at he bloody hand . red queen ( contud ) this facility house five hundred technician and support staff . five hundred against five . odd of a hundred to one . twelve we can do the math . red queen logic dictate that you will n’t leave here alive . j.d. ( angry ) fuck logic ! the computer smile at the irony . red queen easy for you to say . twelve listen to I .... we’re get out of here and you be go to help we . red queen if you insist . but that of you who become infect ... I can n’t allow you to leave . twelve ( angry ) understood ! 66 continued :( 3 ) he switch off the Red Queen . the holograph flicker and die . spence what do she mean ? twelve what ? spence '' that of you who become infect ... I can not allow you to leave . " j.d. who care . as soon as we get near the surface , we be close that bitch down . ( shoot twelve a look ) permanently . int . connecting corridor matt and alice advance through the gloom . every shadow hide a potential horror . alice I swear we’ve be here before . they stop at a four way junction . alice ( contud ) this place be a labyrinth . natt I hope not . every good labyrinth have a monster at its heart . ( Alice stare - at he ) do n’t they teach you about the minotaur at school ? alice how would I know ? matt sorry . how be the memory ? alice I remember some thing , training , basic instinctual stuff , but not other . still can n’t even remember my name . ( shrug ) stress seem to bring thing back . 67 continued : matt ( glance round the creepy corridor ) stress huh ? alice quiet ! she suddenly halt . sense something up ahead . alice ( contud ) there 's something move behind that door . matt ( whisper ) how do you know ? alice ease the safety off she gun . alice I know . matt and alice take position beside the door . she get ready to kick it in . alice ( contud ) on three . palm be sweaty . alice ( contud ) one .... trigger finger itchy . alice ( contud ) .... two .... the door burst OPEN ! to reveal .... twelve do n’t shoot ! do n’t shoot ! it 's we . it 's hard to tell who' more shocked . alice and matt , or twelve and the other . maybe just the audience . both group lower they gun . from behind spence walk a little girl dress in red . she smile at alice . 68 continued : ( 2 ) alice whous you friend ? CUT to : close on the BOX as a holographic floor plan appear above the box . red queen the hive . in 3d the underground complex bear a uncanny resemblance to a spiral of d.n.a . twelve where be we ? red queen the red dot . five tiny red figure at the base of the hive . spence right at the bottom ... of course . red queen for maximum efficiency I would suggest the follow route . she highlight a way through the holographic maze . red queen ( contud ) through the storage unit on this level , to a access tunnel here . that will get you close to the surface . then you’ll only have to cut through the medical lab and you’ll be back at the load platform . twelve sound simple . j.d. chamber a round with a loud metallic snap . j.d. sure . alice what about that uthing '' ? 69 continued : twelve the Queen have sensor throughout the hive she can tell we where they be . red queen I ’m afraid not . my primary sensor be thermal . because the creature be dead , they body temperature be negligible . to I they’re virtually invisible . spence great . twelve what about you motion sensor ? red queen inoperative . twelve why ? red queen in case it have escape you notice , so far today I ’ve be attack by a supercomputer , have the majority of my file corrupt and then scarcely thirty minute ago , you yourself fire a uranium tip shell clean through my main frame . it 's be ... stressful . so pardon I if I ’m not function at full capacity . j.d. ( impatient ) that 's enough .... letus get move . alice wait . matt what be it ? alice point to the five tiny red figure in the maze . alice there we be . one , two , three , four , five . matt so ? alice so who 's that ? 70 continued : ( 2 ) in the centre of the maze , another red dot . red queen the heat signature indicate a human male six foot two , 120 pound . matt scrawny guy . they stare at the softly pulsing heat signature . it give nothing away . for now we will call he the stranger . alice how do he survive ? the Red Queen seem genuinely surprised . red queen I can n’t say . my termination method be very methodical . she realize everyone be stare at she . red queen ( contud ) sorry . alice look at the map again . the pulsing red dot of the Stranger . alice we should help he . spence forget it ! he 's mile away . alice look to matt for support . matt I do n’t know . we make a detour like that we may never get out . spence besides , heus do fine by himself . he do not need we help . int . access tunnel a wide access tunnel over a mile in length . the hive really be vast . as they march , j.d. take a pack from he belt and toss it to alice . j.d. take one , pass the rest around . 71 continued : she open up the pack . Inside be a variety of kuration . she toss a bar to each of the other . matt look at the protein bar . matt I can n’t eat this . alice I do n’t feel like eat either , but you have to keep you strength up . matt no , I mean I can n’t eat it . it have animal fat in it . I be vergetarian . j.d. do you believe this guy . he look at matt in disbelief . j.d. ( contud ) the shit we’re in and he do n’t want to hurt the little animal ! alice ignore j.d . she toss matt a different bar . alice try this . spence ( o.s. ) look .... look what I find . we march day be do . spence ( contud ) now we ride in style . CUT to : on board the cart spence be at the wheel , j.d. riding shotgun . mice , twelve and matt jamme in the back . the wall of the tunnel race by . above they a network of pipe and cable hang from the ceiling . spence drive gleefully . a handful of undead be spread out sporadically along the corridor . he swerve to hit one of they . send it fly . 72 continued : spence ( laugh ) I always want to drive one of this . I just could n’t stand the idea of golf . the roadkill undead try to get to its foot . j.d. shoot it in the head as they race past . j.d. fore ! one of the undead manage to catch a hold of the side of the cart . he be immediately jerk off he foot and drag along the ground . j.d. look down at the hapless creature bump along beside the cart . j.d. ( contud ) no riding .... he wait until he have the undead be attention . the monster stare up at j.d. with hungry eye . j.d. ( contud ) .... no riding . without a ticket . j.d. shoot he point blank in the hand . the undead be finger lose they grip and he slip away . the cart’s back wheel bump as they run over he body . the tunnel veer sharply to the leave . spence take the 90 degree turn at high speed . he almost have the cart up on two wheel . spence ( enjoy every second ) yeeeha ! matt ( to Alice ) how long be this tunnel anyway ? alice take out the box and the Red Queen flicker into life . red queen enjoy the ride ? matt we need to see the map again . the holographic map of the hive appear above the box . 73 continued : ( 2 ) alice you’re near the end of the tunnel . round the next corner and you’ll be there . matt look .... the red dot of the Stranger be also move through the hive , head up . matt ( contud ) .... whoever it be , they’re head for the surface too . spence glance over he shoulder at the map . spence see .... tell you he do n’t need we help . alice eye on the road ! spence go back to he drive . matt wait a moment . ( troubled ) something 's not right here . he study the holographic map . matt ( contud ) be n’t there more of the hive ? red queen what ? twelve he’s right .... the map be bigger last time . red queen ( petulant ) perhaps . as we look closer , we can see the jag edge of the holographic map , as though part of it have just be tear off . in fact it be disintegrate before we eye . 74 continued :( 3 ) red queen ( contud ) I can n’t be expect to temember everything . matt be about to question the Queen further when spence take another corner at high speed . the cart skid around the turn and slam into a crowd of undead . dozen of they ! they’re everywhere . too many to avoid . spence haul the wheel to the leave , but it 's way too late , and they’re go way too fast . the cart hit the crowd send body fly . the cart topple and overturn . matt be the first to he foot . what he see be a disaster . j.d. be pin beneath the cart , unable to move . alice lie with she back to the tunnel wall , concuss and unmove . spence and twelve sit a few foot away , daze . the undead be everywhere . matt get to you foot ! he grab twelve and haul he up . matt ( contud ) get up or we’re all dead . the undead be close in on j.d. easy meat . he see they come and begin to panic . j.d. I can n’t move ! his gun be lie on the ground . just out of reach . j.d. ( contud ) help I ! matt reach for a gun , but heus lose he weaponry in the crash . he take a .45 from spence be belt . he 's still concuss . do n’t need it . j.d. ( contud ) keep they away from I ! one of the undead drop to he knee and prepare to take a bite out of j.d . j.d. ( contud ) ( scream ) fucker ! 75 continued :( 4 ) matt fire . the undead collapse on top of j.d. j.d. ( contud ) get he off I .... get he off I ! matt and twelve race to he assistance , fire as they go . spence hobble along behind . they’re just about manage to keep the undead at bay . j.d. ( contud ) my leg .... it 's trap under the cart . matt and twelve put they back against the overturn cart . spence help as best he can . twelve ( to Spence ) Nice drive . matt one ....two .... heave ! the cart move a little , but then rock back onto j.d.q leg . he scream in pain . matt ( contud ) again . one .... two .... heave ! the cart move a little more . still not enough . j.d. ( in agony ) for christ sake ! matt this time .... this time we’ll get it . he nod to spence and twelve . the undead be close in . matt ( contud ) ready ? they nod back . matt ( contud ) one ....two .... heave ! the cart crash back onto its wheel . j.d. be free . twelve letus get out of here . 76 continued :( 5 ) he jump into the drive seat of the cart . in the time it have take they to free j.d. , they have become completely surround . a solid wall of undead , get closer and closer . close on alice in all the confusion , everyone seem to have forget about she . she lie concuss , she back against the tunnel wall . her eye wide and stare , but see nothing . a group of undead have gather around she . sheus dead meat . one of the undead drag he finger through she hair . big close up on alicer eye suddenly the camera accelerate forward , racing past the cool blue of she iris and plunging deep within the dark well of she pupil . as the camera spiral through the darkness , we sense sudden flash of color and sound . memories . alicer flashback : blurr imagery distort voice . the logic of a dream . the camera lose in a dark , evil forest . the kind you see in fairy tale . but as we pull back , the forest be reveal to be a giant oil painting . in front of it stand a table . and on the table a foam line carry case and a pair of glove . we recognize they from the start of the movie . unseen voice I can help you get the virus . access code , security plan , the work . lisa good . the camera pan to reveal who lisa be talk to . the unseen Voice belong to alice . alice but there 's go to be a price . she and lisa stand in front of a giant oil painting in the entrance hallway of look Glass House . 77 continued : lisa name it . end alicer flashback smash CUT to : the present wide on alice and the undead alice lie like a limp rag doll . a dozen figure crowded around she , like a angry lunch line jostling for position . one undead with he hand in she hair . another with she finger already in he mouth . suddenly alice snap back to life . her eye burn with a new find intensity . her free hand come up . alice get the fuck off I . with a startlingly professional movement , she snap the neck of the undead . whatever skill have just return , they’re lethal . close on the golf cart the other be in trouble . twelve it will n’t start . matt try it again . twelve I already do ! the undead be everywhere . matt , spence and the bloody j.d. keep fire , but nothing can hold back the tide . the slide on j.d. 's automatic rack back and stay there . he 's out of ammo . j.d. struggle to load another clip , but he injure hand make it difficult . he fumble and drop the spare mag . he stoops to retrieve it , and when he look back up , he stare straight into a familiar face . the undead that be drag behind the cart ! his clothes be rip and tear and cover in dark oily blood . but heus back for j.d. 78 continued : j.d. oh shit ! j.d. struggle with the spare clip . j.d. ( contud ) get in ! get in ! the undead reach for or j.d . he try to fend it of for with he injure hand . but the undead just grab a hold of the bandage . with a smile on he face , he sink he tooth into j.d. 's already wounded hand . the pain be unbearable . j.d. ( contud ) aaaaaah ! matt turn , alert by j.d. 's scream . he shoot the undead and j.d. push it off he hand . matt look around . a sea of undead face . it 's hopeless . then suddenly a miracle . the dead sea part as alice carve she way through it . she duck , she kick , she weave , she roll . and everywhere she go , thing die . alice I get my memory back . matt in that case , what I say earlier .... I take it back . whoever you be , I think we’re go to get along just fine . alice be sudden arrival have throw the undead into confusion , but it will n’t last long . alice we can n’t stay here . there 's too many of they . alice look around . they have to get out of here . alice above we ! matt look up . he see the network of pipe and cable hang from the ceiling . 79 continued : ( 2 ) alice ( contud ) that 's how we’re get out . she turn to the other . alice ( contud ) everyone up on the cart . one by one they climb onto the break roof of the golf cart . from there they can pull themselves up onto the overhange pipe . there be a eighteen inch gap between the top of the pipe and the ceiling . enough room to crawl along . down below , the undead reach for they , but they outstretch finger can n’t quite touch the pipe . ear the moment , they be safe . two of the undead try to climb onto the roof of the golf cart , but they do n’t have the coordination . the roof collapse , take they with it . j.d. ( laugh ) you dumb fuck . he tie a fresh bandage around he hand . there 's blood everywhere . it drop down onto the undead below , drive they into a frenzy . like shark circle they prey . j.d. ( contud ) you like that ? he deliberately squeeze a few more drop onto they forehead . j.d. ( contud ) you like that huh ? the undead begin to fight amongst themselves , push and jostling , desperate for a taste of blood . j.d. ( contud ) you like how that taste ? they reach they hand out imploringly to j.d. j.d. ( contud ) well fuck you ! matt cool it man . no point in get they all rile up . 80 continued :( 3 ) j.d. ( angry ) what .... you’re worried about they feeling ? I ’m the one bleed to death here . this be about to turn nasty , when alice interrupt . alice let get go . she stare the two man down . alice ( contud ) that’s if you gentleman have quite finish . everyone can see the change in she character . she 's icy cold . what no one else know , be the reason why . she cause all this . the pipe - later the team slowly work they way along the crawlspace . matt be in the lead , follow by spence and alice . j.d. then twelve bring up the rear . j.d. be very pale . he 's lose a lot of blood . j.d. I need to rest . he stop to catch he breath . alice we have to keep move . j.d. ( still not move ) how much further ? alice from what I remember of the map , not far . j.d. why do n’t you just switch on you little friend and ask she ? alice shake she head . 81 continued : alice I do n’t want to use she unless we have to . every time she seem to get less reliable . matt sheus definitely forget thing . alice twelve ? twelve I do n’t know . ( shrug ) it 's possible she memory be damage when we shut she down and transfer she to the box twelve be interrupt by a agonizing cry from below . a large crowd of undead have gather beneath they . they seem more angry and aggressive than usual . alice glance at j.d.q wound . alice they can smell the blood . a hundred undead finger reach out towards the live meat above they . just a few tantalize inch away . alice ( contud ) letus get go . j.d. why worry ? they can n’t get to we . alice I just want to get out of here . the pipe '' later they have almost reach the end of the tunnel . below , the crowd of undead have become even larger and more unruly . as if they sense that they be about to lose they prey . alice point to something up ahead . alice that 's the one we want . 82 continued : the network of pipe split in two , one branch disappear into a vent straight ahead , and a second smaller bundle of pipe veer off into a vent in the side wall . mace ( contud ) straight ahead . just another hundred foot . they pass the junction where the pipe split . only another fifty foot to go . as before , matt lead the way . S.D. and twelve bring up the rear . below , the undead be get frantic . close on a support bracket one of the metal bracket that hold the pipe to the ceiling . the bolt that fix the bracket to the rock be old and rusted . as matt pass over this section , we see that one of the bolt be beginning to come loose . spence be next . his body be heavier and the bolt begin to worm out of the rock . the whole support bracket be beginning to buckle . matt the pipe go into some kind of air shaft . a mesh screen cover the entrance to the air shaft . matt use a knife to pries it away from the rock . matt ( contud ) I think I can get the cover loose . the mesh screen pop off , a sharp edge cut matt be hand . matt ( contud ) damn ! matt lift the screen away with he bloody hand and toss it below . the undead scramble all over it . one stick the mesh in he mouth to lick the trace of blood from it . the undead be work themselves into a frenzy . close on the rusted bolt as alice pass beneath it . the bolt be almost completely free of the rock . the whole bracket suddenly begin to sag . alice what be that ? 83 continued : ( 2 ) a harsh metallic sound as the rusted bolt shoot free . matt the support .... they’re come loose ! spence and matt be already safely in the air vent . matt ( contud ) hurry ! you ’ve get to get of for there . alice redouble she effort . j.d. and twelve be right behind she . but the faster they go , the great the strain on the support bracket . bang ! bang ! bang ! rust metal bolt shoot free of the ceiling . loud as gunshot . a whole length of piping come free and sag towards the undead . now suddenly twelve , j.d. and alice be within reach . undead finger reach around they arm , they leg , they throat . alice ( desperate ) no ! she struggle against they . matt reach out a arm to she , when crash ! the whole section of piping finally give way . matt hold on ! matt brace himself and keep a hold of alice . he drag she slowly , painfully into the air shaft and safety . but there 's no one to help twelve and j.d. j.d. tumble off the pipe and be drag under by a sea of undead . his I fire wildly as he be suck down . j.d. ( scream ) fuck you ! fuck you ! the undead rip at he flesh , bite into he limb . but still he keep fight . scream and shoot . 84 continued :( 3 ) undead body be flung through the air by the force of the 2416 . and when that 's out of ammo , j.d. begin to blaze away with a .45 automatic , until finally the other can lift he to safety . j.d. ( contud ) aaaaaaaah ! he’s safe , but badly maul . close on twelve also in trouble , but near to a fall section of piping . he begin to drag himself back up to safety , the undead literally hang off he . alice keep they off he ! alice and the other lay down a blanket of cover fire . his leg no longer work , but twelve pull himself back towards the roof with sheer force of will . alice ( contud ) just keep they away from he ! the other blaze away , keep the tide of undead at bay . just . twelve oh God .... twelve collapse at the top of the pipe . he 's back near the roof now , but separate from the other by a twenty foot section of fall piping . it may as well be the Grand Canyon . the only way for he to go be back . twelve I can n’t feel my leg . alice we’ll get to you somehow . twelve no. he shake he head . suddenly determine . twelve ( contud ) you go . 85 continued : alice we’re not leave you . twelve yes you be . already the undead be climb the fall section of pipe . twelve ( contud ) you can n’t kill they all . he look down at he ravage body . twelve ( contud ) and I ’m not go anywhere . alice twelve .... there be tear in she eye . twelve I want you to go . she shake she head . twelve ( co n’t ) ( firm ) now ! matt take alice by the arm . he know what have to be do . twelve ( contud ) ( shout ) just do it now .... go ! twelve watch he friend disappear into the gloom of the air vent . below he , a pair of undead be climb the fall pipe . they once crisp lab coat be streak with dirt and blood . we recognize they as the scientist from the start of the movie . blue and GREEN . blue be lead the way . a hungry look in he eye . twelve ( contud ) just you and I ugly . twelve check he handgun . just one shell leave . twelve ( contud ) that 's lucky . 86 continued : ( 2 ) blue be almost upon he . undead hand reach out . twelve put the gun into he own mouth . he start to breathe short , angry breath . he 's key himself up , get ready to pull the trigger . to escape the horror . blue have he hand on twelve , he undead finger cover in fresh blood . twelve close he eye . his finger tighten on the trigger . int . wide AIR vent alice , matt and spence stop when they hear the single shot echo down the air shaft . they know what it mean . alice hang she head . her tear glisten in the half light . int . access tunnel '' pipe blue fall from the overhange pipe , a fresh bullet hole bored neatly between he eye . twelve fuck it ! twelve hold the smoking gun in he hand . still very much alive . he use the last bullet on the undead , not himself . twelve ( contud ) I ’m not go out that easy . he look at the undead climb the pipe towards bin . twelve ( contud ) ( defiant ) you’re go to have to work for you supper . behind he , the network of pipe split in two . one run back down the length of the access tunnel , the way they come . the other disappear into a small air vent in the side wall . 87 int . narrow AIR shaft twelve pull the mesh screen aside and drag himself into the vent . this be much narrower than the one the other escape into . tight , claustrophobic , terrifying . spence begin to crawl away from the pipe . every movement be agony . he leave a trail of fresh blood behind he . close on GREEN as she enter the air shaft . int . narrow AIR shaft '' ventlation fan a large metal fan block twelve be progress . its sharp steel blade spin at high speed , force air down the shaft . there 's no way around it , and no way through it . twelve damn ! twelve look back down the shaft . around the corner , he can see the shadow of GREEN . no way forward and no way back . he 's trap . twelve fumble through he utility belt . find he laptop . he glance at the spin metal blade . twelve ( contud ) here go . he try to force the laptop between the blade . the blade spark and begin to chop away at the computer . he push harder . shred of plastic and microchip and flung back at he . twelve push harder still . and suddenly the fan stop . the laptop have lodge between the blade , jam the mechanism . twelve glance at the mangle remain of he computer . the most expensive door stop ever . twelve ( contud ) thank you Bill Gates . behind he , GREEN make a noise . excite . she smell fresh meat . twelve begin to drag himself between the sharp metal blade of the fan . GREEN be right on he tail . 88 continued : her finger reach for he leg . twelve pull himself faster . in he haste , he dislodge the laptop slightly . the steel blade move a fraction . the laptop groan under the strain . it 's go to be crush at any moment . twelve be clear of the blade . GREEN follow he . the laptop splinter and begin to crack . GREEN be half way through the blade . crack ! the laptop be split clean in two . the blade spin back to life , slice neatly through GREEN . her leg be suddenly no longer attach to she body . twelve ( contud ) ( laugh ) yes ! GREEN look down at she leg , and then back up at twelve . she drag she torso towards he . oblivious to anything but the fresh meat up ahead . twelve ( contud ) oh shit ! twelve begin to haul himself away . but he progress be block . the air shaft take a sharp 90 degree turn . straight down . there 's no way to climb down there , and no end in sight . the shaft seem to drop forever . GREEN growl . a low animal noise . she sense that she have she prey trap . twelve fumble in he utility belt again . his hand find a grenade . it 's slick with blood . his own . he glance back at GREEN . the legless monstrosity be still come forward . a unearthly light in she green eye . twelve ( contud ) screw you . twelve throw the grenade back at GREEN . it bounce and roll , then hit she squarely in the forehead . GREEN stop . pick up the grenade . smell it . smell the blood . then begin to lick hungrily at it . she try to force it in she mouth and the grenade explode GREEN be vaporize . but twelve have no time for celebration . the explosion race up the confines of the air shaft . 89 continued : ( 2 ) the blast hit he like a tidal wave . sear he flesh and fling he backwards . he be hurl against the far wall of the shaft and then drop like a stone . into the depth . int . hallway a desert hallway . nothing move , but still we hear something . a low scratch noise . like rat run behind the wall . without warning , there be the muffle burst of automatic gunfire and a section of the roof collapse . pipe and plaster fall to the floor , follow by matt and alice . spence bring up the rear , prop up a near dead j.d . alice look around , get she bearing . alice follow I . not far to go now . int . corridor outside the lab the three survivor pass the lab where we have first meet GREEN , brown and blue . alice point ahead . alice this way to the entrance . we’re almost there . matt wait . I know where we be . matt stop . stare through the glass window into the lab . matt this be where they keep the t—virus . alice ( impatient ) so ? matt so .... we have to find it . it 's evidence . of what they be do down here alice no way . we should keep go . get to the surface . 90 continued : matt can n’t understand she reluctance . but how could he ? how could anyone else know she be implicate ? hard CUT to : int . lab the same lab we have see at the start of the movie . but now the place be a mess . alice look around , uneasy . alice this be a mistake . matt place the box on a lab table . the Red Queen flicker back to life . but now she image seem faint , strangely distort . something be wrong . matt you okay ? spence sheus just a computer .... who care how she feel . red queen unexpect power drain . half of she face freeze for a moment , make it seem as if she have have a stroke , it 's a weird , unsettle image . spence let 's just get on with it . matt we need to know where the t-virus be store . red queen both the t-3 and T - 4 antidote be keep at 27.4 degree Fahrenheit in the freezer behind you . ( hesitates ) no wait . 24.7 degree , yes , yes , that 's it . 24.7 degree . the computer memory be clearly fade fast . close on freezer as matt open the door . Inside be two rack , one mark T -3 , the other t—4 . both rack be empty . 91 continued : matt I do n’t understand . we realize that we have see this all before . at the start of the movie , when the glove hand be empty the freezer . matt ( contud ) it 's go .... big close up on spence’s eye suddenly the camera accelerate forward , racing past the iris and plunging deep within the dark well of he pupil . as the camera spiral through the darkness , we sense sudden flash of color and sound . memories . spence’s flashback : blurr imagery , distort voice . the logic of a dream . the camera lose in a dark , evil forest . the kind you see in fairy tale . but as we pull back , the forest be reveal to be a giant oil painting . in front of it stand a table . and on the table a foam line carry case and a pair of glove . we recognize they from the start of the movie . unseen voice I can help you get the virus . access code , security plan , the work . lisa good . the camera pan to reveal who lisa be talk to . the unseen Voice belong to alice . alice .... but there 's go to be a price . she and lisa stand in front of a giant oil painting in the entrance hallway of look Glass house lisa name it . alice you have to guarantee I .... you’ll bring the Corporation down . 92 continued : the camera track back at warp speed , to reveal spence . stand at a distance . unseen . listen . the image suddenly distort , morphing into : int . mansion '' alicer bedroom dawn . spence look down on alice , still asleep in bed . he finish write out a note and then place it by she sleep form -' '' today all you dream come true '' close on glass vial be lift from the lab refrigerator . glove band slip they into a foam line carry case . the vial be delicate . fill with a cool blue liquid . the hand move quickly . urgently . a repeat of the first image we see in the movie . only now we pull back to reveal that the glove band belong to spence . he be stand in the lab as it use to be . clean , pristine . before the horror . close on glass vial as the last one be lift from the refrigerator . but in he haste , spence let the vial slip . the delicate glass tube tumble end over end . and crash to the floor . close on the floor cover in shard of glass and blue liquid . close on spence look down at the floor in horror . end of flashback : close on spence his eye fill with the sudden realization of what he have do . he cause everything . alice ( v.0 . ) Spence ? pull back to reveal that spence hold a gun in he hand . 93 continued : alice ( contud ) ( confuse ) Spence ? the gun be point at the other . alice ( contud ) what be you do ? spence finish what I start . alice what do you mean ? spence I steal you idea . ( to Matt ) Drop the gun . matt do as heus tell . spence ( contud ) on the floor . now kick it over to I . matt you cause all this , do n’t you ? spence shut up . ( to Alice ) it should have be so simple . alice why ? why do it ? matt for money . spence yes .... a lot of it . he reach behind a shelving unit . jamme back there be the carry case contain the t-3 virus and its antidote T - 4 . exactly where he have hide it . spence ( contud ) what do you know ? I know where it be all the time . ( smile ) I just do n’t remember . 94 continued : ( 2 ) natt so who 's pay you ? spence do it matter ? all that matter be the money . ( to Alice ) it can still work out . alice what be you talk about ? she cast she eye around the room . all the death . all the horror . alice ( contud ) look around you Spence . there 's hundred of people dead . spence it be a accident . that be never suppose to happen . the money out there wait . you will n’t believe how much . we can just disappear . he look imploringly at alice . spence ( contud ) in or out ? no reply . spence ( contud ) ( harder ) in or out ? alice shake she head . spence ( contud ) you can n’t be serious . you’d rather stay down here .... with he ? alice just stare coldly at spence . spence ( contud ) alright . if that 's what you want . hope you and you new boyfriend be very happy . spence back away , to the lab door . he 's carry everyone’s gun . 95 continued : ( 3 ) spence ( contud ) but if you ask I .... I do n’t think it 's go to last . spence step through the door . they close behind he . matt make to follow . we hear the deaden sound of automatic gunfire through the steel door . spence can be see through the thick glass window as he head off down the corridor - matt damn it ! matt struggle with the door , but it will n’t budge . matt ( contud ) he shot out the mechanism . we’re never go to get this thing open . red queen ( 0.s . ) I would n’t worry about you friend . alice what do you mean ? close on the queen '' red queen I ’ve be a bad , bad girl . int . gloomy corridor spence hurry down the corridor . up ahead he can see the main entrance to the hive . Beyond it the cavern and the elevator platform . he’s home free . int . lab Red Queen bring up the holographic floor plan . we see spence be heat signature move towards the exit . but another signature be close in on he . the Stranger . red queen look . it 's get he scent already . alice it ? 96 int . underground cavern spence leave the hive and cross the cavern . he pass by the underground river and the spot where they have first discover he hour earlier . he reach the platform and busy himself with the control . ready to return to the mansion and safety . int . lab on the holographic map , the two heat signature meet . and merge . int . underground cavern the elevator platform come to life . the hydraulics start to power up . blood drip into a pool at spence be foot . spence what .... spence look up to the ceiling . hanging there be the Stranger . but it 's not the 120 pound male the Red Queen have describe . instead it be the creature that alice have find so unnerve in the specimen room . 300 pound of pure evil . four claw like talon dig into the rock face , hold it in place . its long fleshy tongue uncoil , snake down towards its prey . we see the razor sharp barb that cover the tongue grotesque length . spence ( contud ) fuck I .... as if to oblige , the creature drop from the ceiling . its tongue lash out , the razor barb tear spence's clothes and gouging into the flesh beneath . spence be scream be cut short as the creature leap forward and begin to devour hint whole . spence go into shock and pass out . then suddenly , without warning , the creature dash forward . lightn fast . straight into camera . in search of new prey . 97 int . lab alice , j.d. and matt listen as the Red Queen casually fill they in on they executioner . red queen ( mid sentence ) .... a bio-mechanical weapon of the high order . it be one of the earlier experiment produce by the hive , use the same genetic material as the t—virus . you release it accidentally in the specimen room . alice but it be dead .... I see it . red queen in stasis . matt if you know what it be , why do n’t you the Red Queen do n’t reply . j.d. because she be save it .... for we . be not that right ? red queen ( embarrassed ) I do n’t think any of you would make it this far .... . not without infection . j.d. you be go to let that thing finish we off . bam ! a sudden noise scare the shit out of they . the creature be right there at the window . matt the fuckerus get no eye . the creature move to the cluster of small hole that brown have punch in the glass with he fire axe . the tip of its grotesque long tongue snake through one of the narrow hole . it sway back and forth . 98 continued : alice ( whisper ) it 's sense the air . it can smell we . the creature withdraw its tongue , then back away from the glass . matt what 's it do ? suddenly the creature race at they . hurling its whole body weight against the window . the glass quiver , but hold . j.d. it 's not get through there . that glass be bullet proof . the creature try again . hurling itself even harder at the window . and again it be repulse . but small spider web crack have begin to appear in the glass . ext . hallway alice and matt race through the abandon hallway . they carry j.d. between they . they’re go back the way they come . back into the hive . matt this be hopeless . it 's get we cut off from the exit . all we’re do be go deeper . alice you get any better idea ? red queen ( 0.s . ) I know a way . matt what do you say ? red queen I know a way out . j.d. fuck you ! j.d. cough . he’s in a bad way . 99 continued : j.d. ( contud ) she 's never go to let we out . I ’m infect red queen I ’m sorry .... I do like you , but my sensor indicate you blood loss be already at 42.7 % ( genuine compassion in she voice ) you’re not leave this complex alive . behind they they bear the glass in the lab shatter . the hunt be on . red queen ( contud ) we have to hurry . matt and alice share a look . red queen ( contud ) you have to trust I . int . corridor matt and alice run blindly through a complex maze of corridor . j.d. hold between they . Close behind , the creature . gain fast . red queen take a leave , here . they round a corner . red queen ( contud ) then a right . they race towards a intersection . red queen ( contud ) straight ahead . then another . red queen ( contud ) now a leave ( confuse ) no .... no a right . matt what ? 100 continued : red queen a right . matt you’re sure ? red queen yes , yes I ’m sure . up ahead be a door . int . dead end room the survivor burst into the room , slamm the door behind they . four wall of concrete , no other door . matt now what ? matt look around the bare room . matt ( contud ) now what ! the Queen do n’t reply . matt ( contud ) it 's a dead end ! matt be get furious . matt ( contud ) ( shout ) you’ve lead we into a dead end . there 's no way out of here ! red queen ( hesitant ) no there be ! j.d. I tell you not to trust she : red queen ( confuse ) I .... I can n’t remember , I think .... matt you think what ? red queen I ’m sorry . 101 continued : matt you’re sorry ! you piece of .... but alice stop he . alice no. look .... the bare outline of a door etched in one of the wall . recessed and hide . red queen ( halting ) I know there .... be reason .... but memory .... matt how do we open it ? alice there 's a key pad here . Hidden in the wall , barely visible . red queen ( contud ) emergency exit .... the Red Queen struggle with she word . her power almost exhaust . ) red queen ( contud ) .... memory .... bam ! the door behind they buckle and almost wrench off the wall . alice ( shocked ) Jesus ! the creature have find they . matt ( urgent ) what 's the code ? matt move to the keypad which control the emergency exit . red queen four .... digit 102 continued : ( 2 ) red queen ( contud ) faaaaw .... threeeee her image flicker . she 's die . red queen ( contud ) nnnnnnine .... ssssss and suddenly she be go . the Queen be dead . matt ssseven , ssix .... what ? the creature continue to pound against the door behind they . its talon punch through the metal . alice just try one . matt what if it 's the wrong number ? alice then we try the other .... just hurry up . matt be finger hover over the two digit . matt here go . he punch the seven . the door beep . door access denied . the outline of the keypad sink back into the wall . disappear for good . matt no ! the emergency exit door do the same , leave nothing but a bare concrete wall . matt ( contud ) that 's just not fair ! bam ! the door behind they have almost give way . the creature be tongue poke through a hole in the metal and lash around the room . 103 continued :( 3 ) matt desperately look around . four solid wall , no air vent , no way out . j.d. we’re go to die in here . suddenly , the emergency exit behind they begin to open . door stand clear .... door open . they look on in astonishment as the door swing aside to reveal alice twelve ! lean weakly against the control panel on the other side . his body tear and break , but a smile like the cheshire cat . twelve Computer geek .... we’re not so easy to kill . sense its prey may escape , the creature slam against the door once more . it begin to squeeze its body through the gap . twelve ( contud ) what be that thing ? alice start to seal the exit behind they . alice you do n’t want to know . int . underground cavern alice and matt exit the hive , carry j.d. between they . twelve limp behind . they cross the cavern to the elevator platform . lying by the control be the skeletal remnant of spence . he still clutches a machine pistol uselessly in he hand . lying by the body be the carry case contain the t—virus and its antidote . flatter but still intact . alice pick it up . matt lay j.d. on the platform . twelve busy himself with the control . matt get we out of here twelve . 104 continued : twelve platform already power up . ( smile ) we’re head topside in second . the platform begin to vibrate with energy . alice kneel by what remain of spence be body . she slip the wedding ring off he finger . just like mice’s , it bear the same inscription : '' property of umbrella corp .” she slip the ring into she pocket . alice you be a lousy husband . smash CUT to : the creature falling from the ceiling without warning . landing right on alice ! you can barely hear she cry of pain and surprise above the scream of the audience . matt no. matt race forward , but be sideswipe by the creature be tongue . he be flung through the air and crash into the side of the platform . he lie still , like a break doll . the creature be mouth open to reveal row upon row of tooth . this thing be build to kill . it rear triumphant above alice . we see it from she p.o.v . the tongue retract , leave the creature free to feast upon she . as the creature take its first bite the sudden noise of machine gun FIRE be deafening . the creature be hurl off . multiple round pierce its armored hide . we see that alice hold spence be machine pistol in she hand . the gun dry click . out of ammo . j.d. catch ! 105 continued : ( 2 ) with the last of he strength , j.d. throw she the combat knife from he belt . close on the knife as it arc through the air . the creature charge forward again . the control of the platform read '' full power .. alice ( pain ) aaaaah ! alice cry out in agony as the creature be deadly tongue lash past she . she twist she body so that it scrape down she leave arm , lacerate , but not kill . the tongue smashes into the platform floor , the sharp barb digging into the ornate wooden tile . close on the knife as alice catch it and in one seamless move drive it straight through the hideous tongue , pin it to the platform floor . the creature scream . a terrifying inhuman sound . twelve go up ! he hit the control and the platform begin to rise into the air . the creature be drag toward the ceiling , its body bang off the platform , but hold in place by its pin tongue . its limb flail helplessly in the air . alice die you fucker ! a second later , the platform disappear into the shaft . cut the creature be tongue from its body . the creature scream in unholy agony and then be go . int . platform matt groan and struggle to sit up . alice Matt ? 106 continued : matt I ’m okay . the creature be severe tongue be leave pin to the floor of the platform . still writhe with a life of its own , but pin firmly in place by j.d. 's knife . alice ( to j.d. ) thanks . j.d. do n’t mention it . she kneel by he . alice how be you do ? j.d. bad . alice this will help . the batter box contain the t-virus and its antidote hang from she belt . she break it open , reach for a shot of the antidote . j.d. save it . ( shake he head ) too late for I . alice J .d .... j.d. ( interrupt ) I save one round .... he pull the revolver from he belt . j.d. .... when the time come .... alice we’re go to get you out of here . j.d. I do n’t want to be one of that thing . we can see the life ebbing from he . 107 continued : ( 2 ) j.d. ( contud ) walk around .... without a soul . he press the gun into she hand . j.d. ( contud ) you’ll take care of it j.d. look she in the eye . j.d. ( contud ) soldier . alice nod . and j.d. 's eye slowly close . his head sink to he chest . alice let out a cry . but j.d. do n’t move . slowly , shakily , she raise the gun . her vision be blurred with tear . the muzzle of the gun be a inch from j.d.s head . her finger tighten on the trigger , but still she can n’t fire . then suddenly , j.d. 's hand shoot up ! grabbing she arm . alice scream in shock I j.d. ( contud ) wait .... wait a second .... I ’m not dead yet . alice be weep in relief . j.d. ( contud ) maybe i’d better have this back . he ease the revolver back into he belt . in the background , twelve and matt be laugh . despite the shock , alice can n’t help it . she begin to laugh too . a talon suddenly punch through the floor ! almost impale matt . miss he torso by inch , but slice through he leave leg . matt ( in pain ) aaaaaah ! the creature have lodge itself beneath the platform . its talon be pull apart the floor . peel it like a grape . 108 continued :( 3 ) alice get over ! get over to the other side of the platform ! twelve Seven level to the top ! twelve look up to see the mansion far above they . twelve ( contud ) six . the creature be partially onto the platform . Fighting to drag its bulk through the jag hole . matt it 's go to be close ! twelve five . but the creature be almost through . alice dammit ! we’re not go to make it . alice race over to the platform control . she punch they furiously . the platform slow to a halt . they be still a good seventy foot from the mansion . twelve ( incredulous ) what the hell be you do I alice use the emergency ladder . she nod over to two steel ladder recess into the wall of the shaft . alice ( contud ) I ’m go to put the platform into free fall . now get go ! twelve stagger to the emergency ladder as matt help j.d. onto the first rung . matt climb . j.d. I can’t ! 109 continued :( 4 ) the creature's talon slash out at j.d. , miss he by inch . it strain to reach bin , its back leg still catch in the floor . matt climb damn it ! slowly , painfully , j.d. begin to climb . alice hurry ! matt boost twelve onto the ladder , then turn to alice . matt send this fucker back to hell ! alice punch in the command code . alice done . the platform begin to drop away , back into the depth . alice make a jump for the ladder , just as the creature frees itself from the floor and make a leap for she . close on a talon as it snag alice be foot . alice ( agony ) aaaaah ! alice nearly lose she grip on the ladder . natt hang on ! he turn to j.d. matt ( contud ) give I the gun . you gun ! matt reach for the revolver on j.d.s belt , just as j.d. turn to face he , he face contort in a death mask . his eye burn with unholy life . he’s one of the undead now ! j.d. lunge at matt , he tooth snap at the warm flesh . matt struggle to fight he off ! 110 close on alice as she look up , see matt in trouble , but can do nothing . the creature begin to claw its way up she body . alice scream in pain . she 's hold they combine body weight . every movement the creature make be agony . close on the creature as it tighten its grip on alice . it 's go to drag they both to they death . close on the undead j.d. he inhuman eye , he gape mouth . his undead hand all over matt , claw at he face . matt struggle with j.d . he have one finger on the revolver at j.d.s belt . close on the creature as its jaw snap at alice . close on alice to reveal she fist , fill with vial of t—4 , the t—virus antidote . she jam they into the jaw of the creature . the vial break and spill liquid everywhere . the antidote react with the creature as though it be acid . the inside of its mouth begin to bubble and burn . its skin crack and pop . close on matt as he finally get he hand on j.d.q gun . but j.d. lunge at matt be expose throat . they both overbalance and begin to fall . matt be reflex save he , but the undead j.d. be n’t as fast . he pitch off the ladder and plunge to he death . again . matt no ! but he cry be n’t for j.d . it 's for the gun , which slip from he hand . close on the revolver as it spin through the air . its fall suddenly arrest by a hand . she catch it , and in one deat move , turn it on the creature . 111 continued : alice back to hell with you . close on the bullet as it race from within the gun . we see the rifling of the barrel race past we and then track through the open air as the bullet fly towards the creature be head . we be inch behind it as the bullet tear into the creature , crack through its armored hide , already weaken by the T - 4 . the camera plunge into the entry wound and plow through the creature be skull and brain matter . all the time follow the bullet , until finally emerge into the blind light again through the exit wound . close on the creature as slowly , painfully , it lose its grip on alice and pitch back into the depth . int . platform Far below , the wall be begin to whip past faster and faster . the empty platform be accelerate to incredible speed . int . cavern dusk the platform crash into the cave floor at over 200 m.p.h . Broken rock , splinter wood and twisted metal fly everywhere . close on the creature as it tumble through the air , its agonize howl be bring to a abrupt halt as it hit —- the remant of the platform . a huge break shard of wooden flooring impale the creature . its own body weight drag it down the jag shaft . the creature spasm and the last breath leave its twisted body . what be leave of the creature hang a few foot above the floor of the wreck platform , drip the dark oily substance that pass far its blood . a explosion of bone and organ . some recognizably human , some not . close on a piece of paper as it drift slowly through the air . it have fall from alice be pocket during the struggle . 112 continued : we follow the paper until eventually it land on the bizarre remnant of the creature . as slime and ooze soak through the paper , it unfold , to reveal the word : '' today all you dream come true '' int . mansion - entrance hallway dawn . matt appear at the lip of the shaft . haul himself onto the mansion floor . matt what the hell do you do to that thing ? alice ( o.s. ) something the Queen say . alice emerge , and then drag twelve from the open shaft . alice ( contud ) she say the creature be the product of the same genetic material as the undead . so I figure the antidote would effect it harm it in some way . twelve groan . his head bus to one side . near exhaustion , but still hang on . alice we’d better get he to a hospital . they hoist twelve between they and head for the mansion door . matt ( shake he head ) Hell of a night . just as alice be hand reach for the door , the wrist alarm on twelve's leave hand go off . a shrill beep noise . the digital wrist clock flash : 00:00:00 alice now what ? ext . mansion - step - dawn alice swing open the mansion door . but instead of a fresh breeze and a brand new dawn , they find themselves still inside . the whole mansion have be tent out ! contain within a viral perimeter . 113 continued : sudden bank of bright light kick in , blind the survivor . glove hand reach for , they . faceless technician hide beneath monstrous anti-viral suit . from one horror to another ! int . darkwing helicopter dawn . alice be bundle into the back of the darkwing . the door slam behind she , and she find herself stare into the reflective visor of a clean suit . no sign of a face beneath , just she own reflection . alice where 's Matt ? what about twelve ? the technician do n’t reply . alice ( contud ) he need help ! tech he’s safe . the voice be hideously distort by a electronic filter . tech ( contud ) you’re all safe . int . second darkwing helicopter '' continuous dawn . the stretcher hold twelve be load into the craft . medic secure ! as the darkwing begin to take off , a team of medic race to save twelve be life . medic 2 Jesus heus a mess . medic 3 vital be plunging ! medic 1 50 ccus of adrenaline ! medic 2 he’s go flatline . twelve's eye flicker and then close . 114 continued : chief medic come on goddamn it ! the chief medic rip he mask off . medic 2 what be you do ! protocol .... chief medic fuck protocol ! I ’m not go to let this man die . the Chief medic begin to give twelve mouth to mouth . if anyone can save he , this man can . he have GEORGE clooney write all over he . chief medic ( contud ) breathe .... he blow another lung - full of air into twelve be month . chief medic ( contud ) .... breathe .... and another . chief medic ( contud ) .... breathe .... the Chief medicus lip touch twelve's for the last time , when suddenly the patient’s eye spring OPEN . twelve be back to life , but not the way they have intend . the doctor scream as the newly undead twelve lunge at he . smash CUT to : close up eye Blue eye snap open . woken from a bad dream . widen to reveal a womand face to go with the eye . it 's not perfection , but it 's close . wait a second . have n’t we be here before ? wider still to reveal : int . the cell White on white . pad wall and a electronically lock door . alice lie on the floor . come round . 115 continued : she squint . the bright white light hurt she eye . even she hospital gown be crisp starch white . High above , out of reach , a smoke glass window . a light come on behind it to reveal four figure . the interrogators . interrogator 1 what happen in the hive ? alice who be you people ? where be I ? interrogator 2 we ask the question . alice where be my friend ? interrogator 1 what happen in the hive ? alice you have no right to hold I here I the light behind the smoke glass window dim , and the interrogators disappear from view . int . the cell alice lie on the bare floor . White on white . a siren wake she . the light behind the smoke glass window come on . the interrogators be reveal once more . interrogator 1 what happen in the hive ? alice I ’m not answer you question I interrogator 2 what happen in the hive ? alice I know what you’re try to do you’re try to hush this whole thing up . 116 continued : interrogator 1 you do n’t realize the gravity of you situation . alice well I ’m not go to keep my mouth shut , you understand ? interrogator 1 thing would go better for you if you coopeate . alice where be my friend ? the interrogators remain silent . alice ( contud ) where be they dammit ! interrogator 2 what happen in the hive ? alice screw you ! the light behind the smoke glass window dim . the interrogators disappear from view . int . the cell alice sit in the corner , she back against the wall . White on white . she have no idea if it be night or day . she have no idea how long sheus be here . a day ? a week ? a month ? she stare at the white label on she white hospital gown . it bear the logo of the umbrella corporation . the siren sound again . alice look up as the light behind the smoke glass window come on . but the interrogators be nowhere to be see . they seat be empty . instead , a half light figure move behind the glass . it seem unsteady on its foot . close on alice as she hear a terrifyingly familiar sound . a low groan noise . it seem almost human . almost . 117 continued : at that moment , the electronic look by the door click from red to green . the padded cell door swing open a inch . no tell what horror wait outside . but what choice do she have ? ext . corridor outside the cell the same bright white on white . a corridor stretch off into infinity . alice nervously peer around the door . straight into the face of alice matt ! dress in a identical hospital gown . matt they be hold I in a cell next door . alice what be this place ? matt some kind of umbrella facility . she gaze down the endless white corridor . no sign of life . alice and where be everyone ? suddenly a figure step into the foreground . it scare matt and alice almost as much as it do we . alice ( contud ) you’re okay ! before they stand a familiar holographic teenage girl . only now she be dress all in white . white queen no. there be a sadness in she voice . white queen ( contud ) I think you’re mistake I for my sister . I do n’t understand what my she be try to do . I help kill she . the young girl look imploringly at alice . be it possible ? be this computer seek forgiveness ? 118 continued : white queen ( contud ) I be wrong . they be interrupt by distant gunfire . the scream of the die . matt what happen here ? white queen the infection spread to cover the United States within 13 day .... Canada and South America in 27 day .... worldwide infection in less than two month . the white queen be quote she sister verbatim . she turn to alice . white queen ( contud ) we could n’t contain it . the sound of gunfire be get closer . white queen ( contud ) I think you'd better go . it 's not safe alice take one last look back at the white queen . her eye hold a sadness no teenager have ever know . white queen ( contud ) ( quietly ) go. matt and alice run down the corridor . after a moment they be swallow in the blind white light . dissolve to : close up eye Blue eye snap open . waken from a bad dream . widen to reveal a womand face to go with the eye . it 's not perfection , but it 's close . alice sit up with a start . she be in bed . nake . the scar from the hive be old now . a good six month must have pass . matt ( o.s. ) you okay ? wider to reveal 119 continued : the interior of a big r.v. alice be in the back on the fold­out bed . matt be up front , drive . the rent—a—cop uniform be go , replace with jeans and a black sweater . and gun . lot of gun . alice yeah .... bad dream . matt why do n’t I find that surprising ? alice how we do ? matt almost there . another ten , twelve mile . as alice pull on some clothes , she look around the familiar cramped interior of the r.v . she smile at the pile of '' gun and ammo” magazine . she clearly share this place with matt . ext . cemetery - dusk a huge urban graveyard . thousands be once bury here . but now all the grave have be dig up . from within . in the distance , movement . a r.v. ext . recreational vehicle - dusk as the r.v. race past , we see that it have be heavily modify . thick metal plate cover most of the window , and a gun turret have be add to the roof . a serious piece of post apocalyptic hardware . int . recreational vehicle - front seat dusk . alice , now dress , sit down beside matt . his hand rest on the steering wheel . we notice that he wear a gold band on he leave hand . the one spence have once wear . the twin of alice be . alice I keep think about the hive - you think we could have do thing differently ? stop they there ? matt doubtful . but it 's a nice think . 120 continued : she look out through the windshield . we still have n’t see where they’re go . alice almost there . she turn back to matt . alice ( contud ) you think we’ll find anyone alive ? ext . CITY STREET - dusk the r.v. cruise down a street line with abandon car and truck . no driver , no passenger , no pedestrian . matt and alice be the only one alive here . a brink armored car lie on its side . a strongbox spill $ 100 bill out into the street . they flutter idly in the wind . ext . brooklyn bridge - dusk the r.v. race over the desert bridge , head for Manhattan . the camera crane up to reveal the New York skyline . both familiar , yet terrifyingly different . for now there be no movement , no light , no sign of life . the sun sink beneath the tall building , and the tiny r.v. be swallow by the silent city . the end matt and alice will return in : resident evil : apocalypse back to horror and suspense ( function ( i , 's , of , g , be , a , m ) { i [ ' googleanalyticsobject '] =r ; i [ be ] = i [ be ]||function ( ) { ( i [ be ].q= i [ be ].q| | [ ] ) .push ( argument ) } , i [ r].l=1*new date ( ) ; a=s.createElement ( of ) , m=s.getelementsbytagname ( of ) [ 0 ] ;a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentnode.insertbefore ( a , m ) } ) ( window , document , ' script ' , '//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga'); ga ( 'create ' , ' ua-67290913 - 1 ' , ' auto ' ) ; ga ( ' send ' , ' pageview ' ) ;