resident evil - afterlife by Paul w.s. Anderson second draft 07/08/05 there 's nothing harder to kill than something that 's already dead . int . mansion - bathroom close on blue eye as they snap open . woken from a bad dream . widen to reveal a woman 's face to go with the eye . it 's not perfection , but it 's close . we will call she alice . it 's raining . no , not rain , for as we widen more , Alice be reveal to be lie in the shower . she 's naked . and I take it back .... she be perfection . as she get up , Alice look around . tile floor , bathroom fitting make of brass . Alice move through the room like someone who do not know where she be . she stop in front of a mirror . wipe the condensation from it . stare at she own naked body as if it belong to a stranger . she see a fresh bruise on one shoulder . from fall in the shower ? but she other shoulder be even more intrigue . a old scar trace a long jag line from the top of she arm to she elbow . look like a knife do it . a big one . Alice touch the scar . like it be all strange to she . like she 's never see it before , int . mansion - bedroom Alice see a red dress laid on the bed for she . a pair of boot stand close by . do she lay this out ? she just do not remember . CUT to : int . mansion - bedroom - later Alice , now dress , stand over a antique write desk . lying on it be a handwritten note . she pick it up : '' today all you dream come true " , Alice walk to the window . so far everything be a exact replay of resident evil 1 , until -- ( continued ) continued : Alice part the curtain , but instead of a view of the wood , there be nothing but concrete outside the window . a solid , impenetrable concrete wall . off Alice 's puzzle look we -- CUT to : int . mansion — hallway Alice wander the mansion . close on a frame photograph as Alice take it from a side table . it 's of she and a handsome man . he have he arm around she . he wear a wedding ring . Alice look at she own hand . she too wear a simple gold band . be this man she husband ? she stare at the picture again . try to remember . int . mansion - entrance chamber Alice approach the front door of the mansion . everything be exactly as it be in the first film , until -- Alice open the door . but instead of a ornamental garden , she step out into -- int . the hive - glass corridor a long corridor make entirely of glass . the wall , the floor , the ceiling . this be where one ( the leader of the commando team ) and the other commando meet they bloody end in resident evil 1 . but Alice do not know this . she do not remember anything . but she know that something be wrong . the light dim . something be happen . Alice turn to return to the mansion , but the door have already swing close . there be no go back . suddenly a horizontal beam of laser light travel down the corridor at high speed . it start at ankle level and then rise to chest height . there be no escape it . and it 's head straight for Alice . at the last moment , Alice leap into the air - and stay there ! she be hang from a air vent in the ceiling , she leg pull up above the level of the laser . the beam have pass right beneath she , only just miss . ( continued ) continued : this be a exact repeat from resident evil 1 , except instead of one 's knife be catch by the laser beam , a thin sliver of Alice 's red dress drift to the floor , slice off by the deadly laser . Alice drop back to the floor as the light begin to dim again . and because history be repeat itself , we know what will happen next . Alice will die , just as one do . a second laser beam fire towards Alice . she jump in the air again . the thin laser wire switch to a grid . fifty interlock laser line form a deadly net from which there be no escape . but Alice swing she body upwards , kick the air vent aside , and disappear into the air duct above the corridor . at the last moment she pull she head into the air duct and escape the laser grid . it be a close call , as witness by the strand of blonde hair that drift slowly to the floor of the glass corridor . the end be singe ~- burnt by the laser beam . int . AIR duct tight , claustrophobic and pitch black in here . barely room to move . but Alice crawl forward . push ever onwards . eventually she see a faint light filter in from above . a access hatch of some kind in the roof of the duct . Alice push it cautiously open , to reveal -- int . raccoon CITY hospital - corridor night . Alice climb from the access hatch and stare at the desert corridor -- it be the same one she wander at the end of resident evil 1 . the very same one the nemesis prowled in resident evil : apocalypse . Alice look around , try to remember , try to figure this out . at the end of the corridor be a set of glass door lead to the city street . it 's silent out there . Alice take a few step forward and then halt . sense something . the corridor be empty , but still Alice feel uneasy . a gurney rest against the wall beside she . Alice take it and push it down the corridor ahead of she . ( continued ) continued : the gurney triggers a concealed trap . a viciously sharp wire slice across the corridor , cut the metal gurney clean in half . it would have do the same to Alice . Alice step carefully around the trap and accidentally triggers a second device . a jumping jack mine which explode at chest height . Alice look down to see blood spread across she red dress . after a moment of surprise she fall backwards dead . as Alice 's blood pool around she , umbrella scientist appear from conceal doorway along the length of the corridor . they have be watch all along . the scientist wear haz - Mat suit with mirrore visor . close on -- one mirrore visor . we see dead Alice reflect in it . then the scientist pull off the visor to reveal -- doctor isaacs , the creator of " programme Alice " from resident evil : apocalypse . he stare down at the body in disgust . doctor isaacs take a sample of she blood . ( gesture to the dead body ) then get rid of that . curt to : ext . death valley day . a merciless sun beat down on a ancient wooden building that seem to have grow out of the salt flat . it 's a weather station . int . weather station day . the interior be simple . cheap Formica table , a few wooden chair . barometric equipment that look like it date back to the 1950' . there be no one here . nothing break the silence , until -- we sense a slight vibration . mercury in the thermometer tremble a little . the vibration steadily build to a powerful tremor as suddenly the floor split in half . the table and chair slide smoothly to one side to reveal a gape concrete shaft that drop away into the depth of the earth . moment later a hydraulic platform rise from the shaft and lock into place . ( continued ) 5 . continued : Riding on it be two umbrella scientist in they familiar haz - Mat suit . between they they carry the dead body of Alice . ext . weather station day . the two scientist carry the body to the edge of a long trench dig in the salt flat . they swing it twice and then heave it in . close on -- the body of Alice as it roll into the trench and come to a rest . her dead eye stare up at the brutal desert sun . slowly the camera pull back to reveal that the trench be line with lime and be fill with over a hundred other body . each one of the body wear the identical same red dress . and each have the same face . over a hundre dead alice , rotting in the desert heat . as the two scientist return to the weather Station , the camera crane up to reveal a perimeter fence that surround the building . it be fifteen foot high and top with razor wire . it look impregnable , and it need to be . for push against it be thousand of undead . roll credit -- resident fvil : ; afterlife . ext . interstate highway 10 - nevada day . the abandon highway be litter with burnt out car and truck . each one be weathered and age . whatever happen here it happen a while ago . we miss the apocalypse . a strong heat haze be be kick off the asphalt . through it , a lone rider slowly emerge . they be astride a honda fireblade ~- the biggest , most powerful road bike in production . back when the World still make such thing . the Rider pass by and we see that the fireblade be weigh down with saddlebags and gasoline can . ext . knac tv station day . a local tv station at the edge of a small town . the lush grass and flowerbed that use to spell out the station name be long since dead . the sprinkler system choke with sand . ( continued ) continued : the Rider pull up in the abandon parking lot . the Rider wear a long batter duster worth of sergio leone . she do not wear a helmet , just a bandana across she nose and mouth . she lower it to reveal -- alice . her face cake in sand and dirt from a hard ride , but shimmer blue eye as vivid as ever . and this be the real Alice . she remember everything . even the thing she would rather forget . freeze frame on Alice 's face . the screen turn to a computer read out bear the logo of the umbrella corporation . superimpose over Alice 's face be -- janice prospero code name : project alice present location : unknown status : presumed deceased as the information be type up on screen , it be also narrate by the white queen . a holographic image of a seven year old girl , the White Queen be the physical manifestation of a powerful artificial intelligence . the White Queen be the sister computer to the homicidal red queen encounter in resident evil 1 . end freeze frame -~- Alice step from the bike and hit play on batter digital memory stick . a small earpiece , barely noticeable , rest in Alice 's leave ear . we hear the whisper of the recording play . it be a radio transmission . distorted and desperate -- recording this be k.n.a.c .... transmit on the emergency frequency . can anyone hear we ? we have seven people here . in need of urgent medical attention . we notice that a powerful radio receiver be strapped to the side of the fireblade . this be clearly a signal that Alice have pick up earlier . as she listen , Alice place a funnel in the gas tank of the bike . she upend a gasoline can and balance it on the funnel . it start to fill the empty tank . we notice a umbrella logo on the gasoline can . even after the end of the World , the umbrella Corporation be still all pervasive . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) recording ( cont 'd ) ( increasingly desperate ) we be hole up in the tv station at the edge of town . off highway 10 , junction 27 . we be surround . we need help . can anyone hear we .... can anyone help we !! please .... Alice hit stop . then stare up at the tv Station . it 's board up , and riddled with bullet hole and burn mark . Signs of a desperate fight , but no sign of life . Alice take a step forward , but be stop by a sudden growling sound from behind she . Alice show no emotion . then once again , the low threaten growl sound . Alice turn . it 's come from the fireblade . one of the large saddlebags shake for a moment and then be still . Alice approach the bag and unhook the lid . immediately something fly from the bag , landing beside Alice . it 's a ugly ball of fur name paco . paco be a real mongrel . hard to tell what the mix be . certainly no self respect breed would want to take credit . but he 's fierce and loyal . the dog stare up at Alice and growl again . piss that she almost leave he behind . Alice walk towards the tv Station and paco follow at she heel . int . knac tv station day . there be little natural light in here - the window be all board up in defence against the undead . but the tv station clearly have its own generator as there be electric light work inside . many of they be smashed however , and the generator be slowly die , cause the light to pulse and dim . as a result , the interior be alive with shadow that creep and grow . a stairwell lead down into a darken basement . Alice look at the stair and nod to paco . the dog stare at the inky darkness below , hold untold danger . he look back up at Alice and growl under he breath - " how come I get the basement " ? but a moment later he obediently trot down the stair . ( continued ) continued : Alice draw she weapon of choice ( under-over 12 gauge , sawn - off , belt feed , inlaid with mother - of - pearl ) and head deeper into the tv Station . int . tv station - basement day . paco hit the bottom of the stair and sniff the air . it 's a labyrinth down here , further complicated by a endless tangle of wire and cable . paco cautiously head off into the darkness . int . tv station - studio day . Alice cross the abandon news studio . the place be a mess . poster promote Howard stern and the teletubby hang on the wall smear with blood . this be not a smart place to be . it 's claustrophobic , it 's dark and there could be anything hide here . overlook the studio be the control booth where the director would sit . there be no light on in the booth , but Alice sense a figure up there , watch through the glass . she ease the hammer back on the 12 gauge and take the stair lead up to the booth . int . tv station - basement day . paco stop at a intersection . a tatter poster hang peel from the wall . it advertise " k-9 the Movie " . jim belushi stare at he dog as the tag line proclaim -- " one 's just a little smarter than the other . " if it mean anything to paco , he do not let it show . he just move on into the darkness . int . tv station - control booth day . Alice approach the figure in the booth . it be sit in a high back chair , hunch over the control panel . the figure do not move , but seem to be mutter to itself . Alice approach cautiously , she hand reach for the back of the swivel chair .... int , tv station ~ basement day . paco stop , hearing a sound . up ahead , something move . something big . int . tv station - control booth day . Alice , gun at the ready , turn the swivel chair to reveal -- ( continued ) continued : a body , long since dead . a shotgun still grip between he hand . the barrel rest in what remain of he mouth . on the control panel behind he , the tv screen play a endless loop of old news footage . this be what Alice have hear . the nametag on the body identify he as - " bob smythee : director " . Alice stare at bob. emotionless . a red notebook lie to one side of the body . a journal of some kind . Alice pick it up . then she reach in the pocket of the dead man . pull out a few spare shotgun cartridge and pocket they . int . tv station - basement day . paco be motionless . stare at the creature up ahead . what little light there be , glint off its bloody , flay hide . its lip draw back to reveal crooked , chip but wickedly sharp tooth . teeth that be stain with blood . the creature step forward into the half light to reveal -- a undead dog . this hellhound be at least four time the size of poor paco . paco take a step back , but be stop by another growl from behind he . the unfortunate little hound turn to see a second undead Dog , even bigger than the first . paco wheel around , weigh he option , but they all look like shit , because from the shadow step a third , even more terrifying undead Dog . this one could eat paco with just one bite . paco growl defiantly . and then , tail between he leg , run as fast as he can . int . tv station - basement - corridor - continuous paco race around a corner with the three undead dog in close pursuit . he take another corner , then another , but he pursuer be gain with every turn . he race under a fall set of shelf , through a hole far too small for the other to follow . but the undead dog simply burst through the wooden shelf like they be make of paper . ( continued ) 10 . continued : paco be just moment from be catch as he round another corner and jump .... his three pursuer follow a split-second later , to see paco nestle in the crook of Alice 's arm . she have she shotgun draw . alice leave my dog the fuck alone ... close on the shotgun barrel as Alice open fire . in macro close up and slow motion we see the deadly spray of lead shot tear into undead flesh as Alice fire again and again . cuUT to : int / ext . knac tv station day . Alice step back out into the light , paco at she heel . suddenly she watch beeps . Alice look down at the batter digital watch . a timer be run . count down second from 60 ... 59 ...58...57 ... Alice move with a purpose . she run to the fireblade , pull a desert camouflage tarp from a saddlebag and throw it over the bike . 30... 29. ,.28 ... Alice pull off she jacket and as she run back to the radio station , she dust the ground behind she , obliterate she footstep in the sand . 09...08..07 ... Alice hide in the doorway . but paco be still in the OPEN . Alice whistle , and paco scurries under cover beside she . just in time -- 03,..02...01 ... ariel shot -- of the radio station as the camera rocket back into the air . in a instant we be high above the desert flat , racing through the cloudless sky , end in the upper atmosphere as a satellite glide silently past . the Satellite bear the logo of the umbrella corporation . il . satellite p.o.v . -- we see the desert flat render in a series of high def . digital photograph . they show the knac Station in clear detail , but there be no sign of life . Alice and paco be hide from view . the motorbike camouflage beneath the tarp . the satellite pass overhead and start to study the empty town that lie beyond the radio station . int . knac tv station day . Alice 's watch beeps again . this be the " all clear '' . she step back out into the open without a look to the sky . ext . knac tv station ~- parking lot - moment later Alice climb back on she bike and paco leap into he saddlebag beside she , as she pull out of the parking lot and back onto the highway , the camera track back into the depth of the tv Station -- int . tv station ~ control booth - continuous Bob the director sit dead at the control . around he the tv monitor play a endless loop of old news footage . we track into the monitor until they fill the screen -- flashback : the flashback be see in grainy , video footage . News reportage that become increasingly rough as the flashback continue and society break down -- the last gasp of a die World . alice ( v.0 . ) raccoon City be just the beginning . on screen we witness the destruction of raccoon City as report through a variety of media outlet . alice ( cont 'd ) the umbrella Corporation think that they have contain the infection .... but they be wrong . we see the shattered remain of raccoon City as the blast of the nuclear device subside . ( continued ) 12 . continued : alice ( cont 'd ) the virus spread beyond the boundary of raccoon City . some think it be airborne .... on the outskirt of the devastate city , scorched leave and burn ember rain down in a forest of blacken tree . alice ( cont 'd ) other think it be carry by rat the camera sink beneath the ground in the forest and emerge into a sewer system . hundred of rat splash through the detritus , flee the heat of the explosion . alice ( cont 'd ) no one really know . time square in new york be see in chaos . a undead turn to face we and then lung at the unseen cameraman . alice ( cont 'd ) within week it have consume the United States . the nation be in chaos . all that could be do be to flee .... in a montage of news footage we see canadian border guard try to hold back a flood of american refugee , alice ( cont 'd ) surround country try to close they border . to keep it contain undead Americans be shot as they wade across the rio grande . in still more news report , cuban gunboat can be see blow makeshift raft out of the water . raft fill with flee US citizen . alice ( cont 'd ) «+ . it do not work . in rough video footage we witness the undead in paris , berlin and tokyo . the champ elysee , the brandenburgh gate and harajuku all overrun . alice ( cont 'd ) by then , everyone know who be to blame . ... ( continued ) 13 . continued : ( 2 ) doctor isaacs and other umbrella official be see on trial at the hague . alice ( cont 'd ) and attempt be make to bring they to justice ... but it be all too little too late . we see Doctor isaac slip away as undead attack within the courtroom and chaos ensue . alice ( cont 'd ) and then it be do . the end of the World ... just like that . suddenly static fill the frame . there 's no one leave to take any more footage . and nowhere leave to broadcast it . alice ( cont 'd ) what survivor there be , head for the countryside , the area with least population . where it be less likely that " they " would catch the scent . slowly the static be replace by the OPEN road - white line scything through frame . alice ( cont 'd ) we avoid major metropolitan area and keep on the move . if we stop any one place too long , " they " would be draw to we . only a few at first , but then more and more . a limitless supply of the dead . ( beat ) stay on the road , seem the only way to stay alive . smash CUT to : ext . desert highway day . as a armore convoy race by at high speed . a lone undead lunge at the lead vehicle but be smashed to one side . this convoy be haul ass and in no mood to slow down . there be seven vehicle in all . none of they military , but all armored and lethally customize in some way -- ( continued ) 14 , continued : - a ambulance - which act as the convoy 's mobile hospital . wickedly sharp blade mount to the wheel and fender ensure that this vehicle cause as much damage as it cure . ~ a FIRE truck , that life up to its name - mount on top be a twin set of flame thrower . - a school bus , with armor plate and gun port down the side . this act as mobile live accommodation . it be also home to 4 dozen adult and a bus driver name otto . a thirty year old stoner , otto 's job description be not alter a jot by the apocalypse . now , as then , he drive the bus and stay high . ~ a 18 wheeler " ARCO " oil tanker which carry the precious gasoline that keep the convoy move . protected by razor wire and lethally sharp spike down its length . at the front and rear of the tanker there be also makeshift gun turret with twin mount 50 mm caliber gun . - a " denver kt7 " news truck which serve as the convoy 's communication centre . - a flat bed , which carry supplies and spare part strapped to the back . ~ the lead vehicle of the convoy be a hummer , but in beverly Hills yellow with a advert for " brentwood Nails and pedicure '' down the side of it . the paintwork have fade however , and it be splash with the dark black blood of a hundred crush undead . the convoy be a mobile home and refuge to just over 40 man , woman and child . int . hummer day . jill valentine be at the wheel . she 's still smoking hot , but leaner than when we last meet she . tire . life on the road have take its toll . freeze frame on Valentine 's face . the screen turn to a computer read out bear the logo of the umbrella corporation . Computer graphic show we that Valentine 's progress be be track by satellite . superimpose over Valentine 's face be -- jill valentine present location : arizona . lat. 45.2 long. 74,3 ( continued ) 15 . continued : threat level : moderate once again , the information be also narrate by the holographic image of the White Queen . end freeze frame -- Valentine stare at the endless road ahead and reach for a pack of smoke . it 's empty . valentine damn it ! she yell into the back of the hummer . valentine ( cont 'd ) have you be smoking my cigarettes ? a tousle head of hair pop up from a makeshift bed in the back . meet " k~mart " . this teenage girl have grow up fast . fourteen go on forty . her leave wrist be cover in bracelet and bangle make from twisted electrical wire . some of they be quite beautiful . k-mart I do not smoke . freeze frame -~ elizabeth jane case nickname : " k-mart " threat level : minimal end freeze frame -- valentine well do not start . ( to herself as she crumple the pack ) do not need the competition , she fling the pack from the window . ext . freeway - continuous close on the cigarette pack as it land at the side of the freeway . after a moment a undead step into frame , its dusty shoe crushing the pack . ( continued ) 16 . continued : the undead stare after the convoy , but the vehicle have already pass . stay mobile , stay alive . int . hummer day . a sudden beeping sound warn Valentine that the main gas tank be empty . valentine more good news . she switch to the auxiliary tank . and pull a walkie-talkie from the dash . valentine ( cont 'd ) carlos ... this be Valentine . I be on reserve . how be you do ? int . FIRE truck - continuous carlo olivera be at the wheel . he wear the same combat fatigue as when we last meet , but all the umbrella patch have be remove . Old allegiance he would like to forget . freeze frame —~ carlo olivera status : renegade umbrella operative threat level : moderate end freeze frame -- carlo Quarter tank . valentine ( 0.s. ) you take point . I be go to refuel . carlo Roger that . ext . freeway day . the Fire truck advance to the head of the convoy as Valentine 's hummer drop back until it ride level with the Arco tanker . for the first time we notice that the tanker bear a large cadillac badge on the hood . clearly steal from another vehicle . 17 . int . hummer day . Valentine turn to k -mart . valentine take the wheel , k - Mart slip smoothly behind the steering wheel . this be clearly a routine . for the first time we see the lipt strapped to she sneaker . without they she could never reach the pedal . Valentine clip the walkie to she belt and then yell up to the cab of the tanker . valentine ( cont 'd ) need a refuel ! l.j. appear at the passenger window of the cab . he 's wear a pimp up trucker 's outfit , complete with a truck -head baseball cap proclaim " trucker do it thru the night " . he 's clearly enjoy he new role . l.j. break into a broad smile on see Valentine . freeze frame -- unidentified male threat level : minimal / zero end freeze frame -— l.j . Valentine ! you get any smoke ? valentine I be out . l.d. well .... I will sell you some gas anyhow . on account of how it 's you . ( with a flourish ) what will it be ? premium or economy ? Valentine climb out onto the roof of the hummer . the wind whipping at she hair and clothing . valentine premium of course . she glance at the fresh undead blood that have be spray across the windshield . ( continued ) 18 . continued : valentine ( cont 'd ) and can you clean the windshield ? Valentine make she way along the roof of the hummer until she be above the gas tank . bear in mind , this be all happen at 60 m.p.h. with a 14 year old at the wheel . Valentine lean down and remove the cap on the hummer 's gas tank . ext . tanker - roof ~ continuous by this time , l.j. have clamber from the cab of the Arco tanker onto the top of the tank itself . there be a makeshift fuel pump mount on the roof . l.j. ( shouting to be hear above the wind ) head up ! l.j. throw a fuel line down to Valentine . she insert it into the gas tank of the hummer and give a thumb up . l.j. start cranking the pump by hand and the fuel start flow . l.j. look up at the clear blue desert sky . l.d. ( cont 'd ) damn ! it 's a beautiful day . int . FIRE truck day . carlos do not look so pleased . up ahead a row of abandon car dealership line the freeway . already undead be start to emerge from the car and building , draw by the noise of the convoy . carlos reach for he walkie . carlo Valentine ... Valentine ... ext . hummer - roof ~ continuous valentine what ? carlo ( 0.s. ) you better hurry it up . valentine why ? ( continued ) 19 . continued : suddenly the hummer lurch to one side as a undead bounce off the hood , Valentine almost lose she balance . she look up to see the gauntlet of undead up ahead . valentine ( cont 'd ) hurry it up l.j .!!! l.j. damn woman ! if you think you can turn this thing any faster , you can come up here and do it you damn self ! suddenly the tanker lurch as a undead go under the wheel . l.j. steady himself , but a sudden look of horror come over he . l.d. ( cont 'd ) no , no , no !!! close on the master fuel gauge . it measure how much gasoline there be in the tanker . and the needle be fall fast ! l.j. ( cont 'd ) this be not right !!! he bashes the fuel gauge , but still the needle keep fall . cur to : ext . weather station day . beside the weather Station , a sand color camouflage net hide two large cargo helicopter . both bear the distinctive black paintwork and logo of the umbrella Corporation . in the distance , a ever grow army of the undead press against the perimeter fence . the camera sink beneath the ground the reveal -- int . underground - concrete shaft Doctor isaac and two aide drop down the shaft from the weather Station . they be riding on the hydraulic platform . number paint on the concrete wall let we know that we be 200 foot underground . a fresh undead be hold securely in a cage beside they . he wear a dirty raider jersey . int . cave the platform come to rest in a natural rock cave . but this place be litter with vehicle and high - tech equipment . a concrete road lead to a large set of blast door . ( continued ) 20 . continued : this be the entrance to the complex , a giant underground facility belong to the umbrella Corporation . slater ( 0.s. ) Doctor ... a motorized cart be park by the hydraulic platform , alexander slater be wait beside it . mid-twenties , intense . his promotion through the umbrella Science division have be swift . he reek of youthful arrogance . slater ( cont 'd ) the Committee be expect you fifteen minute ago . isaac ignore he . slater ( cont 'd ) they be most insistent . doctor isaacs ( sigh ) very well . he turn to he aide . indicate the undead . doctor isaacs ( cont 'd ) have it take to my lab . he seat himself in slater 's motorize cart . as though slater be nothing more than he driver -- doctor isaacs ( cont 'd ) shall we ? int . the complex - briefing room a dimly light space fill with gleam high - tech surface . dominate the room be a huge representation of the Globe ~ show umbrella encampment all over the World . they be like a spiderweb spread across the five continent . symbol represent circle satellite show that umbrella still have control of the heaven . sitting at a polished black conference table be a dozen holographic figure - represent the other umbrella leader - german , English , french , Spanish etc . umbrella always be a global empire . this be " the Committee " - the board that run umbrella . and at they head be commander okamoto . mid-fifty , salt and pepper hair cut tight to he head . scar across he knuckle tell of a life in the field before the desk beckone . okamoto be clearly in control here , and he 's a dangerous man to cross . ( continued ) 21 . continued ; the okamoto hologram glare at Doctor isaac as he enter . there 's clearly no love lose between this man . slater follow at a discreet distance . doctor isaacs gentlemen . isaac talk to the holographic figure as if they be present in the flesh . they be startlingly lifelike - similar technology to that employ in create the image of the White Queen . commander okamoto ( sarcastic ) how good of the Science division to join we . doctor isaacs okamoto san . I have be busy . commander okamoto that 's most interesting . because we be just discuss the result of you " experiment " .... or rather the lack of they . doctor isaacs be that so ? french envoy on the subject of the biohazard , what do the Science division have to report ? doctor isaacs we now know conclusively that they have no real need for sustenance . they hunger for flesh , but do not require it . this be bad news . it cause a rustle of debate amongst the Committee . isaac continue -- doctor isaacs ( cont'd unless expose to extreme of temperature or environment , my research indicate that they could remain active for decade . spanish envoy ( outrage ) decade ! decade ! ( continued ) continued : 22 . ( 2 ) commander okamoto and what of domestication ? what news of Project Alice ? doctor isaacs we goal remain unchange . the original Project Alice be unique . she bond with the t-virus on a cellular level ... somehow manage to overcome it . use antibody from she blood , we could develop a serum that could not just combat the effect of the t-virus , but potentially reverse it . the power of this serum would go far beyond the weak anti - virus we have now . for that not yet infect , the serum would offer complete immunity . and for the biohazard themselves .... a partial reversal of the process . give back this creature a measure of they intelligence , they memory , curb they hunger for flesh . commander okamoto you be confident you can domesticate they ? doctor isaacs why not ? they be animal essentially . we can train they ... if we can take away they baser instinct . they will never be human again , but would provide the basis for a docile workforce under we guidance . we would return to the surface and create a new world order ... in we image . french envoy pipe dream ! after month of experiment you have nothing to show , and we be leave to rot underground . doctor isaacs without the original Project Alice , progress have be difficult . we have be force the try and replicate she use clone genetic model .... give they selective memory , and actual physical stimulus on the training floor . ( more ) {continued ) 23 . continued : ( 3 ) doctor isaacs ( cont 'd ) try to shortcut all the experience that lead she to the point of immunity . it 's laborious and the result unpredictable . french envoy ( aggressive ) eighty five failure doctor . doctor isaacs this be not a exact science . french envoy I do not see much science at all ... okamoto step in to stop the grow argument . isaac be commander okamoto Project Alice and the subject of domestication , be of the high priority . ( to isaac ) you will concentrate on this to the exclusion of all other research . we will expect a update report within the week . doctor isaacs simply demand result will not guarantee they . commander okamoto then perhaps we should place someone else in charge . someone who can give we the reassurance we require . only too aware of slater stand behind he . doctor isaacs my work would proceed faster if we could re-acquire the original test subject . spanish envoy I do not understand . I think the original Project Alice be dead ? slater she be . there 's be no trace of she since the Detroit incident . ( continued ) 24 . continued : ( 4 ) isaac do not turn to face slater . he keep he attention on the Committee - as if slater do not even exist . slater bristle with the insult . doctor isaacs there be several report of sighting . commander okamoto unsubstantiate . she 's be off the grid for three year . if she be alive , we would know about it . doctor isaacs May I suggest ... commander okamoto no . you may not . I will not waste we resource chase phantom . behind isaac , slater smile . commander okamoto ( cont 'd ) continue with you research Doctor . and be quick about it . while it still be you research . close on ~- isaac ' hand beneath the table . unseen by the other he hold a tiny digital voice recorder ( similar in design to the one we have see with Alice ) . the tiny red l.e.d. light be on . the device be recording . int . the complex - doctor isaacs laboratory - later the room be dark and silent as Doctor isaac enter . in the darkness , this place can not help but resemble a modern take on a medieval torture chamber . fill with devilish instrument and device . doctor isaacs ( dismissive ) imbecile . isaac place the tiny digital recorder on the docking station of a desk top computer . some kind of soundwave programme be run on the computer . he type in the follow command -- okamoto , commander ... voice print ... isolate ... the computer begin to replay the conversation from the briefing room . ( continued ) 25 . continued : it isolate the voice of Commander okamoto and then begin to break he sentence down into individual word which it then store . isaac change he jacket , put on a fresh lab coat . suddenly a undead appear right behind he !!! snarl and bite !!! isaac brushes lint from he collar , ignore the creature . only now do we see that it be the raider undead , and that he have be secure to the lab wall by a length of chain . the undead lunge for isaac , but can not escape from the collar around he neck and shackle on he arm . at last isaac turn to face the undead raider fan . the creature be go crazy try to reach the fresh meat just inch away from it . doctor isaacs ( cont 'd ) ( calm ) in good time . he turn away . the depth of the lab be still cloak in darkness . isaac hit a control switch and a endless bank of fluorescent flicker into life . this place be vast . what the light reveal take we completely by surprise . a hundred cryo - stasis tank , each one contain a sleep human body . each of the body be naked . and each be identical - alice . CUT to : satellite image -- scan across a abandon freeway , a desolate ARCO gas station and the wilderness beyond . the computer register movement in the gas station , but identify it as '' biohazard " , and the satellite move on , ext . desert - freeway - continuous a desolate ridge overlook the Arco station . no sign of life . suddenly the beep of a digital watch break the silence and a instant later the original Alice appear from under the camo netting right in front of our nose . she and the fireblade have be perfectly hide . invisible to the satellite . Alice pull a pair of binocular from she saddlebags and study the abandon Arco station . a lone undead wander the forecourt . his name be write on he uniform - stevie . at one time he use to pump gas here . ( continued ) 26 . continued : Alice replace the binocular and begin to assemble a deadly lock crossbow . she load it with a single steel bolt . Alice put she eye to the telescopic sight of the crossbow . alice sorry about this stevie . she fire and we pan with the bolt as it streak over a mile of desert air . it 's a amazing shot that land with deadly precision . stevie be hit clean between the eye . the bolt impact with such force that the undead 's head be pin to the bodywork of a nearby chevy pick up truck . ext . desert - gas station - minute later Alice ride into the abandon ARCO station . the bell sound as she pull up beside the pump . it 's a lonesome sound , belong to a long dead World . stevie look on with glaze eye . his head be still nail to the chevy pick up . paco jump out of he saddlebag and smell the air . he seem satisfied . no threat here . Alice hand crank the gas pump . she get half a can of gasoline , but then nothing . not another drop . alice damn . she turn to see paco stare up at she . quizzical . alice ( cont 'd ) what be you look at ? CUT to : ext . freeway - rest stop night . the convoy have park up for the night . at a rest stop in the middle of nowhere . the safest place to he . the vehicle be circle Old West style - like a wagon train - and the perimeter be light by a blaze torch . it 's we future , but it could also be 100 year in the past . int . news truck night . the interior of the news truck have be modify to act as the convoy 's command and control centre . it be pack with radio equipment and tv monitor . a amiable geek , a computer salesman in he previous life , sit at the control . he 's call Michael ~ mikey to he friend - and everyone here be he friend . he 's in he early twenty , and we get the feel that he like he new life a whole lot more than he old one . ( continued ) 27 . continued : Valentine lean over he shoulder . mikey smile , flustered . he can survive the apocalypse , but he still can not hide a crush , valentine ( all business ) perimeter up yet ? mikey almost do . valentine who 's out there ? mirey olivera . valentine give I that . she take the microphone from mikey . ext . rest stop night . carlos ride the perimeter on a modify dirt bike . he carry a bundle of sentinel with he . each sentinel be a 4 foot metal pole with a bundle of electronics mount to the top - include a small infra-re video camera , a motion sensor and a powerful battery pack . valentine ( 0.s. } hey carlos . carlos wear a headset and mic . carlo Valentine ! without slow the dirt bike , carlos jam a sentinel into the ground . it 's a pretty fancy move . carlos be as good as you can get at this . we see that the wagon train be ringed with sentinel . valentine ( 0.s. ) get you ass in gear old man , I want my perimeter up . carlo always a pleasure Valentine . close on -- another sentinel as it be pound into the ground . 28 . int . news truck - continuous mikey 's system suddenly leap into life . tv screen and computer read-out pulse with new energy . mikey last sentinel in place . perimeter up and run . all motion sensor on - line ... cameras 100 percent . from he command post , mikey can see every inch of the perimeter thanks to the infra-re camera mount on the sentinel . the motion sensor will also let he know if anything invade they space . mikey ( cont ‘d ) we be secure . ext , rest stop night . Valentine step from the News truck . the camp be already alive with activity . cook fire be set . people stretch after so long on the road . there must be forty people in all . all age . all background . all hold together by the desperate hunger for survival . as Valentine walk through the camp , we see that everyone know she , everyone respects she . she be they leader , they savior . Valentine pass the mobile generator which provide electricity to the camp . a young woman in a hello kitty top be fill it from a gas can . she spill a little of the gasoline . the precious fuel drip onto the desert floor . valentine careful ... unless you want to go drilling for that . ext . fuel tanker night . l.j. stand atop the tanker . k- Mart be with he . she wear a utility vest cover in tool . together , they be examine the master fuel gauge . it read just above empty . valentine ( 0.s. ) permission to come aboard . Valentine clamber onto the roof of the tanker . valentine ( cont 'd ) how 's it look ? {continued ) 29 . continued : led. ( not amused ) see for yourself . valentine this can not be right . you have three time as much yesterday . l.j . I be watch the gauge and it just drop like a motherfucker . ( to k - Mart ) pardon the technical language , k - Mart be work on the fuel gauge , wrench in hand . she 's clearly gift at this . k-mart must have be a air blockage . the sudden jolt dislodge it .... cause the gauge to drop ... oglances at l.j. ) «+. like a motherfucker . ( shrug ) gave we a true read . valentine ( frustrated ) so do we have gasoline or not ? a hatch to the fuel tank be open . a Nordic giant - sven - pull a long measure rod from within . he wear a distinctive pair ef old aviator goggle around he neck . l.j. hey arnie ! sven the name 's sven. lev. whatever .... how 's it look dolph ? sven examine the tip of the fuel rod . a tiny bit of moisture and a dozen flake of rust . he nod to the other vehicle . sven if you can run that truck on rust +... then we be in great shape . Valentine turn away . this be very , very bad news . 30 . ext . news truck night . carlos pull up on he dirt bike . dismount . a large radio antenna have be erect beside the News truck . from within we hear the voice of mikey . mikey ( 0.s. } this be Jill Valentine 's convoy , broadcasting for any survivor ... anybedy out there ? Broadcasting for any survivor ... anybody out there ? int . news truck night . mikey be trawling the frequency as carlos enter the truck . mikey Broadcasting for any survivor ... come back . carlo anything ? mikey static . same as last week , and the week before that ... carlo ++. and the week before that . npat mikey on the back do not worry . there will be other . there have to be . but even as carlos say it , the word sound hollow . CUT to : ext . scrub land night . close on the radio strapped to the side of Alice 's fireblade . the sound be turn down , but we still hear the feint voice of mikey . mikey ( 0.s. ) this be Jill Valentine 's convoy . present location , Arizona border . lat. 44.2 long. 71.2 . Calling any survivor ... we present location be Alice turn the radio off . widen to reveal that Alice have make camp . just she and paco . ( continued ) 31 . continued : alice what ? the little dog be stare at she . a silent moment between the two of they . alice ( cont 'd ) you talk too much . ext . scrub land - later Alice be light by firelight . she open the red journal she discover at the tv Station . idly , she leaf through the page . the last few make grim read -- " no food ... no water ... no one come ... " there be fleck of dry blood on the page . but as Alice go back through the journal , thing become more interesting -- " Heard the transmission again . they be broadcasting from a town in Alaska . no infection , no undead . they be isolate ... safe . '' again and again the writer talk about this transmission from the far North . alongside the entry there be page tear from magazine ( National geographic etc. ) and paste into the journal . they show the town of arcadia . the feature be about polar bear , but it also show the town itself . beautiful isolate , a safe haven . clearly the writer of the journal be obsessed about this place - arcadia ~- the promise land - safe from the undead . ext . scrub land - later paco sit close to the ember of the die fire . not much heat leave there , but the little dog be suck up whatever remain . the Journal lie open , to the page show picture of arcadia . Alice lie to one side , asleep . but it be a troubled sleep , close on her eyelids as we see the r.e.m. - frantic and building in intensity . alice' dream -- we see fragment of she past . the very end of resident evil : apocalypse , Alice and the other ( carlos , Valentine , L , J. and Angie ) escape in the black suv . Doctor isaac tell he man to active " programme Alice " . umbrella control alice vision ( see through she eye ) . be Alice aware of umbrella 's control over she ? or be it bury deep within she subconscious , fight to get out ? ( continued ) 32 . continued : close on paco . watch Alice . concerned . she mumble in she sleep . alice' dream ~~ new footage - the direct continuation of resident evil : apocalypse - what we do not see -~- the black suv exit a freeway . a road sign tell we that this be the outskirt of detroit . something slater have say earlier echoe in we mind - Project Alice not have be see since " the Detroit incident " . the suv pull into a nondescript warehouse . Inside however be a hive of activity . this be the hub of the resistance against umbrella . we see vehicle , weapon , sleep quarter and computer , lot of computer . there be dozen of people work here - keep track of all umbrella 's dirty dealing . as Alice be show around , introduce as a hero of the resistance , we see that something be wrong . everything she see be be transmit straight back to Doctor isaac and umbrella via alice vision . she have become a unwitting spy in the midst of the resistance . close on paco -- as the little dog notice something . a stone the size of he head be slowly rise into the air with no visible mean of support . close on Alice 's eyelid . r.e.m. building . her subconscious work overtime . alice' dream -- as the resistance headquarters be flood with light . Black clad umbrella commando burst through the warehouse window . flash grenade blind the resistance fighter . they have be catch completely by surprise . they be cut down in 4 hail of gunfire . l.j. rush a few survivor out of a hide emergency exit as carlos and Valentine lay down a suppress fire . in the midst of the chaos Alice be unmove . tear stream down she face . she cradle the body of Angie in she arm . the young girl have be catch in the crossfire . she 's dead . Alice scream , but there be no sound -- close on paco -~ as he see more and more stone , pebble and even boulder drift up into the air . a sudden metallic noise make the dog turn . the fireblade have leave the ground . it too be rise up into the air , saddlebags , gasoline can and all . close on Alice . her breathe torture . r.e.m. reach a massive crescendo . ( continued ) 33 . continued : ( 2 ) suddenly the ember of the campfire flare into life . the raging flame force paco to he foot , but around he more fire be start . bushes , cacti , patch of scrub be all bursting into flame . it 's too much for the little dog and he begin to bark wildly . Alice wake suddenly , gun in hand , ready for trouble . as she do , the fire instantly extinguish and the boulder and rock fall back to the ground . it be over in a second . it all happen so fast that you think Alice might have miss it . until the fireblade come crash to the ground , land badly and roll over onto its side . paco look at Alice . her face be streak with tear . the emotional wound from the warehouse and the death of Angie , as raw today as they ever be . Alice wipe she eye , then stare at the blacken vegetation . the batter , useless bike . alice shit .... CUT to : int . the complex - doctor isaacs laboratory night . frenzied jaw snapping at the camera . widen to reveal the raider undead secure in a metal chair . his hand and foot bound by metal strap . his head keep in place by a clamp to the forehead . though the chair be fashioned in burnish , high - tech steel , it have a strangely cruel medieval feel to it . we almost feel sorry for the undead . mounted to the back of the chair be a unusual syringe . it have three needle . Doctor isaac be load it with a ampule of cool green liquid - anti virus . white queen ( 0.s. ) Doctor isaac ... a small holographic representation of the White Queen , 8 inch in height , hover over a purpose build pad beside isaac ! computer . she be the same little girl as always . doctor isaacs what be it ? ( continued ) 34 . continued : white queen another test subject have fail the training floor . doctor isaacs where ? on the computer screen beside the White Queen a image of the Glass corridor come up . this be the place we see the last Alice clone dodge the laser , clearly , this latest clone have not be so lucky . the corridor be smear with blood . white queen at the laser grid . doctor isaacs damn it ... they be get worse . white queen shall I ready another ? doctor isaacs of course . white queen this will be the eighty ~ seventh , doctor isaacs ( annoyed ) you point ? white queen ( emotionless ) I be merely make a cbservation . isaac look at the video image of the Glass corridor . umbrella tech be now present . they stand over the remain of the latest Alice clone . doctor isaacs tell they to take a sample of she blood . then prepare a vaccine from it . we will use it on the next subject isaac turn he attention back to the raider undead strapped to the chair . doctor isaacs ( cont 'd ) ... if this one do not work out . ( continued ) 35 . continued : ( 2 ) the syringe push into the back of the undead 's neck . all three needle penetrate deep within the flesh , inject the anti-virus directly into the spinal cortex itself . it 's hard to tell if a undead feel pain . but this sure look like it . as the undead writhes , its eye lock with that of its tormentor - Doctor isaac . the raider undead glare at the Doctor . Burning isaac ' image into he primitive brain . but the Doctor just smile coldly back at the creature . he be the master here . angle on -- the depth 's of isaac ' laboratory . we be within the maze of cryo -stasis tank . each one contain a clone of Alice , float in suspend animation . in the distance the agonize cry of the raider undead can still be hear . suddenly one of the tank come to life . unseen machine begin pump air and nutrient into the float body . they be bring she to life . we see that there be a number etched into the glass of the tank -- number 87 . cuUT to : ext . empty freeway day . a jackrabbit race across the blacktop closely pursue by paco . the pursuit continue through the desert scrub until the rabbit dive down a hole and paco almost knock himself out try to follow . the dog shake he head , daze . Alice be watch the comedy from a distance . alice go get he tiger .... the rabbit poke he head up 100 foot away from paco . even he seem to be watch the dog with amusement . paco give up and trot back to Alice . she be walk the blacktop back to the abandon Arco Station . after the event of last night , the fireblade be clearly out of action . Alice carry she saddlebags , radio and what be leave of she gasoline in two can sling over she shoulder . ext . ARCO station - later Alice gass up the abandon chevy pick up . after a few attempt it start . paco hop in the back as Alice pull out onto the freeway . ( continued ) 36 . continued : close on -- stevie 's body - the undead Alice kill earlier — lie on the quiet forecourt . two large crow be hungrily peck away at the tainted flesh . the crow look up . they have strangely glaze eye . cur to : ext . desert ridge day . Valentine and carlos lie on the crest of a steep ridge . they be flat to the ground so as not to give away they position . through they binoculars we see - a truck stop on the valley floor below . a fade sign proclaim it to be '' desert trail " . it consist of a cluster of building - motel , restaurant , gift shop , drive in theatre and most importantly a gas station . many of the outly structure be already half bury in the desert sand . Rolling dune pile up against they wall , spilling in through the window and door . in another year this place will be completely go . the desert take back its own . carlo seem quiet . he check the gas station for sign of life , but the door and window be all securely board up . there 's no sign of undead . carlos glance over he shoulder . the convoy be park at a distance . the people stare up a they . wait for a decision . carlo ( cont 'd ) ( to Valentine ) you call ... ext . desert trail truck stop day . the hummer pull up at the outskirt of the truck stop . beside a signpost tell the distance to Las Vegas , New York , Paris , Rome , Tokyo , Peking , timbuktu , the Moon etc . Valentine , carlos , sven and l.j. emerge . they be the advance party . check the coast be clear before the rest of the convoy enter town . int . gas station day . Valentine kick open the door to the board up station . the stench hit she immediately . and the fly . everywhere . Valentine enter at the ready , gun in hand . the other hand cover she nose and mouth . ( continued ) 37 . continued : as Valentine make she way through the dreadful interior , the tension mount . she be on she guard . but the room be gloomy and fill with shadow - a oppressive sense of doom hang over the place . on the soundtrack , the buzzing of the fly build in intensity . something be go to happen . bam !! Valentine almost jump out of she skin . she have accidentally knock over a tray of penny beside the cash register . close on the penny as they roll across the floor . Valentine compose herself , turn and run straight into a dead body ! it be hang from a makeshift noose . the face hideous and distort . Valentine have to fight the urge to wretch . the fly cling to the rotting meat or buzz around it in excitement . ext . gas station ~ moment later Valentine exit in a hurry . she can not wait to gulp in the fresh desert air . she meet l.j. on she way out . valentine do not go in there . int . desert trail motel day . carlos and sven make they way through the abandon motel . Sand from the mount dune have start to spill in through the window . carlos motion to sven and they split up . int . motel corridor day . sven round the corner , gun in hand . at the rear of the motel , the sand have pile up above the roof , block the light . sven unhook he flashlight and proceed . but with the darkness come a grow sense of dread . int , motel - front office day . carlos pass peel poster advertize " nevada -— land of leisure " . int . motel corridor day . sven pause . he 's in a long corridor with door on both side . he hear a feint noise behind one of the door - room 9 . he put the flashlight on the ground , and with he free hand try the door handle . the door frame have warpe in the heat , and the door will not budge . sven try a little harder ... the door begin to open slowly ... there 's movement within the room ... sven raise he gun and -- ( continued ) 38 . continued : bam !! the door behind sven - on the opposite side of the corridor ~ explode off its hinge and a undead highway patrolman crash into sven . caught completely by surprise , sven be force through the doorway into room 9 -- int . room 9 — continuous in the gloom , sven crash over the bed , lose he gun in the process . he scramble to he foot , but the undead highway patrolman be on he in a instant . as hard as sven fight , he cannot push the undead away . in life , this be a giant of a man , and in death he be even stronger . he wear the typical mirrore aviator glass of a patrolman , and sven can see he own face reflect in they - as the undead choke the life out of he . as sven fight a lose battle , he see that the patrolman still wear a sidearm in he holster . sven reach for it , but can not lift the revolver free . it be fastened firmly in place . in desperation , sven hook he finger around the trigger of the patrolman 's pistol . he begin to fire . the first three bullet miss the undead completely , impact harmlessly in the dirt . the fourth hit he foot , but the undead feel no pain and he attack continue . his tooth get ever closer to sven 's throat . sven pull the trigger again . the bullet go clean through the undead 's leg , but have no effect . close on the revolver - as the sixth and final bullet enter the chamber . this be sven 's last chance . sven pull the trigger . the bullet hit the undead 's kneecap , blowing it clean off . the undead buckle for a moment . this be all sven need . use the momentum of the undead he spin it around and snap its neck . the undead fall to the floor and sven drop exhausted to the motel bed . after a moment catch he breath , he notice he own gun lie on the sandy floor right by he foot . sven ( shake he head ) Son of a bitch ... he reach for he gun and -- there be movement behind he !! ( continued ) 39 . continued : sven spin , gun in hand and fire at the undead charge at he . the undead disappear , accompany by the sound of shatter giass . too late , sven realize that he have shot the reflection of the undead . he turn away from the broken mirror , but the undead behind he be just too close . sven scream as the undead bite into he forearm , tear out a chunk . he fall backwards off the bed , but the undead be already on he , hungry for more . sven be spraye with blood . for a moment he assume it be he own , but then the undead become limp and fail away , to reveal - carlos stand there , gun in hand . ext , desert trail truck stop day . Valentine wave the all clear as the rest of the convoy pull in . at the head of the vehicle be the ambulance , we see long sharp blade mount on its wheel like a ancient Roman chariot . the logo on the side of the ambulance - " to help and serve " - be spray with the dark blood of the undead . a hot look African american paramedic name betty ( B. to she friend ) step from behind the wheel . like pam grier reborn - circa foxy brown . she wear two pistol on she hip and a bandolier of ammo sling over she white tunic . we immediately like this girl 's style . we notice a logo on she wear out tunic - a pair of wing , and beneath it the lettering - " c.a.a . - chicago airborne ambulance " . back when the World have helicopter ambulance , this be how she work . a true angel of mercy . close on carlo and sven -- as they emerge from the Motel . sven lean heavily on he friend . suddenly he knee buckle . sven no more .... let I sit .... Valentine catch sight of they as carlos ease sven to the ground . as Valentine start to run towards they , she calis out to Betty -- valentine b! b! we need you over here , close on B -- as she race over to sven , medical kit in hand . sven smile . the sight of Betty would cheer even a die man . ( continued ) 40 , continued : sven the killer B. betty that 's I . now lie back and relax ... she produce a syringe and a ampule of morphine . betty ( cont 'd ) --. " I be here to help " , we get the feel that this be Betty 's catchphrase . int . desert trail gift shop - continuous through a dusty window we see people rush to help sven . as we watch the activity outside , the camera track across rack of dusty merchandise . row upon row of coffee mug . on each , there 's a cartoon illustration of a skeleton dance while wear a ten gallon hat . behind the skeleton be a rough wooden cross . beneath the illustration , it read -- '' I saw the bone at desert trail . '' CUT to : int . the complex - doctor isaacs laboratory - test room a spartan room attach to isaac ' laboratory . the only furniture be a metal table and chair . the raider undead sit on the chair . his arm be attach by metal cuff and chain to fasten point in the floor , but there be enough slack in the chain to allow he to stand if he wish . Doctor isaac , another scientist and a lab tech stand over the undead . strangely the undead do not seem disturb by they presence . he make no attempt to attack they . instead he be focuss on the item place on the table before he . they be thing from everyday life -- a digital camera . a cell phone . a child 's toy . the raider undead go for the cell phone first . he pick it up with surprising dexterity . regards it for a moment , then hold it to he ear . scientist amazing . he know what it be . ( continued ) 41 . continued : doctor isaacs the camera next . the Lab tech push the digital camera towards the undead . he pick up the camera . turn it in he hand . stare at it - as if try to remember . then to everyone 's surprise he switch it on . scientist {loud} my God . the sudden noise cause the undead to look up . the scientist take a half step back . suddenly afraid . doctor isaacs stand you ground . the scientist do as he be tell . the raider undead stare at the scientist . what be he think ? be he even think at all ? then in one fluid move , the undead raise the camera and take a picture of the scientist . the scientist be speechless . lab tech ( in awe ) unbelievable ... the undead place the camera on the table . we see the picture of the surprised look scientist on its tiny viewing screen , then the undead reach for the child 's toy . it be a plastic cube with square , round and triangular hole into which corresponding plastic shape must be place . as the raider undead pick up the first of the plastic piece , we see the distinctive three mark at the base of he neck - where Doctor isaac have injected he . lab tech ( cont 'd ) look at the dexterity . he have memory and reason skill . the scientist pick up the digital camera . stare at he own picture on the screen . still can not quite believe it . scientist it 's a miracle . the serum work . you have domesticate they . you have do it . but as the man of science congratulate one another , they fail to notice that the undead be have some difficulty . he be try to fit the triangular piece into the circular hole . ( continued ) 42 , continued : ( 2 ) as he frustration build , he hand movement become less coordinate . he try the force the piece home ... harder ... harder ... bam ! the child 's toy hit the far wall and shatter into a hundred plastic piece . the raider undead be on he foot bellow in rage . the unfortunate scientist be stand just too close and be grab by the undead . close on -- the digital camera , still in the hand of the scientist . his picture on the view screen be spraye with he own blood . the scientist fall to the floor , he throat ripped out . the Lab tech take a step back , out of reach of the undead . but the raider undead wrench at he restraint with superhuman strength . both bolt be ripped out of the concrete floor . the Lab tech flee for the safety of the door , only to find that Doctor isaac be already close it behind he . lab tech no ... please ! but the door slam , sealing he fate . the undead be on he in a instant . slam the Lab tech to the floor and devouring he with a savage , terrifying hunger that we have never see before . Doctor isaac watch through the safety of a plexiglas window . it 's hard to tell if he emotion be for the death of he man , or the failure of he experiment . CUT to : ext . desert trail truck stop night . close on steven seagal as he dislocate someone 's shoulder before slamm they head into a Coke machine . the chunky warrior be play on the drive in screen . the whole convoy be here watch . a content l.j. be sip on a beer and sit with k - Mart . they be watch from the comfort of a abandon convertible . valentine ( 0.s. ) this be all you could find ? as Valentine walk up , l.d. shrug and glance over he shoulder at the marquee . lo . check it out ... they be play a double bill . ( continued ) continued : sure enough the marquee read -~ '' seagal killathon - hard to kill + out for a kill " Valentine sigh . valentine I be go to look for smoke . after a moment l.j. shout after she . l. . see if you can find more beer . k-mart and a Coke ! k - Mart turn back to the screen . watch seagal . k-mart ( cont 'd ) this guy be stupid . l.j. ( clearly a fan ) he could kick you ass . k-mart he could eat my ass . int . ambulance night . carlos stop by the ambulance just as B be leave . 43 . after a beat - carlos nod to she and the two exchange a glance . her look say it all - sven be in a bad way . carlo sven ! his friend lie on a gurney , hook up to a drip . he still wear he distinctive aviator goggle around he neck . sven ( force cheerful ) damn man ... I feel like you look . carlo the killer B fix you up ? sven good as she could . ( continued ) 44 , continued : he raise he leave hand . it be secure to the side of the gurney by a set of handcuffs . he 's a patient , but also a prisoner here . sven do not need to say more . they both know what it mean . carlo I be sorry . sven ( shrug ) it be what it be . unexpectedly , sven smile . sven ( cont 'd ) but we have some fun . carlo ( surprised ) fun ? sven you know what I do before this ? to look at the Nordic giant you would surely say Boxer or perhaps Marine - a warrior of some kind . sven ( cont 'd ) Walmart . lady shoe . carlos can not help but laugh . sven smile . carlo lady shoe . sven so you see , this .... ( indicate he situation ) see . it 's not so bad . ext . desert trail truck stop night . as Valentine walk through the encampment towards the gift shop we see that the sentinel be up and the perimeter be secure . she pass the tv truck . mikey be at he station . Broadcasting to the empty airwave . ever hopeful of a reply . mikey this be Jill Valentine 's convoy ... present location the Desert Trail truck stop , latitude 44.3 long. 72.1 . Calling any survivor ... ( more ) ( continued ) 45 . continued : mikey ( cont 'd ) repeat , this be Jill Valentine 's convoy ... we present location be ... Valentine notice a empty Coke can skitter across the ground . the burn torch which illuminate the camp be also catch in the sudden wind . one of they be even extinguish , valentine hey mikey . mikey brighten when he see Valentine . mikey Jill . valentine make sure that antenna 's secure . look like the wind 's pick up . int , desert trail gift shop night . it 's creepy in here as Valentine search for cigarettes with the aid of a flashlight . but every machine she try have be raid already . as we watch Valentine from the depth of the store , she suddenly look very isolate and vulnerable . a sudden bang ! make Valentine jump out of she skin . the rise wind have slam a STORM shutter against the window . Valentine compose herself and then continue the search , unseen by she , we register that strange souvenir mug once again -- " I see the bone at Desert Trail " . ext . desert trail truck stop night . at the outskirt of the truck stop , large sand dune have build up . the income storm have begin to blow the sand away however , revealing something bury below . the tip of gravestone be be uncover . Desert Trail be the home to a real Wild West Boot Hill . suddenly the souvenir mug make sense . ext . desert trail drive in night . l.j. get a mouthful of sand , courtesy of the rise wind . he spit it out , then take a swig of beer . led . remember when beer be cold ? k-mart not really . {continued ) 46 . continued : lid. imiss that .... ext . desert trail cemetery night . as undead hand begin to punch through the desert sand , the wind rise , revealing half decaye face , the skin crack and dry , without a ounce of moisture . this old , twisted body be truly horrific - you have never see undead like this before . even more terrifying however , as the dead begin to walk , we see that they be already within the perimeter of sentinel . int . news truck night . mikey be still broadcasting . around he we see the video feed from the sentinel . they show nothing but empty desert - all the camera and motion sensor be point out . the convoy be completely unaware of the impending danger . ext . desert trail truck stop - gas station night . the Young woman in the hello Kitty top stand by the Arco tanker . she 's keep watch as the tanker be fill from multiple gas pump . the sound of machine - gun fire drift over from the drive in. seagal wreak havoc . hello Kitty glance over at the giant movie screen , she would rather be watch the film , but she have a job to do . the master fuel gauge on the tanker almost read full , when suddenly all of the pump die simultaneously . hello Kitty get to she knee and drop a glow stick into the underground reservoir beneath the gas station . it illuminate the giant gasoline tank . they have suck it bone dry . as hello Kitty straighten up , we reveal a undead directly behind she .... the undead lunge , bite deep into she neck . hello Kitty be spray with blood . a uzi on a strap hang from she shoulder . she fight to bring the gun around , to bear on the undead , but she hand be slippery with she own blood . the uzi fire , but the shot go wide . the undead force hello Kitty to the ground and the fight go out of she . close on -~ the Arco tanker . the stray shot from the uzi have rupture the newly fill tanker . gasoline be pour from the hole and soaking the ground around the vehicle . 47 , ext . desert trail drive in - continuous close on -- seagal as he waste another unfortunate stuntman . the gunfire from the movie have drown out the noise of the uzi. l.j , take another sip of beer . the convoy be still unaware of the danger . ext . desert trail truck stop - perimeter ~- continuous close on -- one of the sentinel as it suddenly burst into life . a alarm wail as its motion sensor pick up something . int . desert trail gift shop - continuous Valentine hear the feint whine of the alarm , carry on the wind . valentine sentinel ! she grab she walkie as she race for the door . valentine ( cont 'd ) ( into walkie ) mikey ! Valentine open the door and come face to face with a undead . the undead attack and Valentine drop the walkie in shock . int . news truck - continuous mikey reply over the radio , unaware that Valentine be in trouble . the control board before he be suddenly alive with activity . mikey there 's something income ! a second , then a third sentinel set off it 's alarm . mikey ( cont 'd ) something Big ! mikey grab a shotgun from a rack on the wall . he burst out of the News truck to see -- ext . desert trail truck stop - continuous the chevy pick up scream to a halt . it be shroud in a cloud of dust . this be what set off the alarm . ( continued ) 48 . continued : Alice step from the vehicle . a dark silhouette , outline in the headlight . a mythic figure . mikey shoulder he shotgun , still unsure of who it be . alice I be not you problem . there be a small searchlight mount to the driver 's side of the pick up . Alice swing it to one side . the beam illuminate a army of undead , already in the camp . mikey oh shit !!! mikey fire at the first of the undead . half its head disintegrate . there be no blood or fleshy brain , just dry , desiccate tissue . and the undead just keep walking . half its head go , but it 's still move ! alice they be too far go ... slow motion as Alice push the tail of she duster coat to one side . she wear two kukri strapped to she waist . this long gurkha machete be unique . incredibly difficult to master , but the deadly blade in the world . the undead with half a head reach for Alice . his half mouth open wide revealing shattered tooth . in a instant , he severe hand and then what remain of he head hit the desert sand . his lifeless body follow a moment later . alice ( cont 'd ) ( to mikey ) sever the spinal column ... Alice hold a kukri in either hand . alice ( cont 'd ) -- kill all the motor function . without hesitation she charge the undead . outnumber fifty to one , she duster twirling in the wind , the blade spinning around she in a lethal arc . Alice be a blur of deadly motion . and wherever she move . thing die . ext . desert trail gift shop - continuous Valentine struggle with she undead , eventually manage to push it back . in the moment 's respite she draw she sidearm and fire . she have to empty a entire clip into the creature before it finally fall . ( continued ) 49 . continued : very little remain of its head , but still the undead claw its way across the floor to Valentine . it could not bite she - it no longer have a mouth to speak of - but its instinct to kill override all else . valentine ( shocked ) my God .... Valentine back away from the undead , reload and finish the job . int . ambulance - continuous sven hear the sound of gunfire from outside . he try to get up , to help he friend , but he be hold in place by the handcuffs attach to the gurney . sven damn it ! ! as the sound of battle grow , sven become increasingly angry . pull at the cuff , tear at the gurney , threaten to pull the whole ambulance apart . ext . desert trail drive in - continuous l.j. react to the gunfire . the noise of the movie can no longer mask the sound of real gunshot . he push k - Mart behind he for protection and reach for he signature .45 . in the car beside l.j. , the two occupant be suddenly grab by the undead . caught completely off guard , they be torn apart in a instant . l.j. open fire . in the blink of a eye , it seem like there be undead everywhere . int . school bus - continuous the adult on board grab they gun and head out . otto lock the door behind they , to protect the handful of child that remain . he draw he gun . despite he stoner appearance otto still know he way around a Magnum . ext . ambulance - continuous carlos and Betty cover each other 's back as they blaze away . but the undead be almost impossible to stop . even with gape hole in they , they continue to advance . as Betty reload , a undead grab she . its tooth be at she throat in a instant . sven burst from the back of the ambulance , part of the gurney still dangle from he wrist . ( continued ) 50 . continued : he 's in terrible shape , but he 's not go to let anything happen to Betty . he slam something into the back of the undead 's head , and it slowly relax its grip on Betty and sink to the ground . close on the undead ~~ as we see a handful of razor sharp scalpel embed in its spinal column . all around , people race for they weapon and they vehicle . it 's chaos . close on Alice -- in the midst of the undead , stand at the center of a Circle of death . nothing come within five foot of she without feel the steel of she blade . but the human be fight a lose battle . carlos be out of ammo as a undead charge he . carlos stop it in its track with a devastating roundhouse kick . the undead stagger back into one of the flame torch that light the camp . he go up in flame in a instant . this creature be bone dry . close on carlos -- he face light by the fire -- as he realize this creature ' weak spot . carlo ( shouting above the noise of battle ) burn they ! the undead before he stagger to its knee and then keel over . a blaze inferno . carlo ( cont 'd ) burn they ! close on Alice -- as she register he voice . even in the midst of battle , we see the relief in she eye - carlos be still alive . carlo ( cont 'd ) we have to burn they !! Alice glance at the Fire truck and its twin mount flame thrower , but it be already overrun with undead . no way to reach it . carlos have identify a weakness in the undead , but they can not exploit it . the human be cut off and surround - unable to get to the handful of blaze torch that the desert storm have leave alight . ( continued ) 51 . continued : ( 2 ) one by one , the human be be drag down by the undead . the scream of the dead and die fill the night air . close on Alice -- as she begin to concentrate . the deadly kukris still spin around she , but she attention be somehow turn inward . close on she eye -- as we see she pupil dilate . this be exactly how she look when she awoke from she dream in the desert . she be access some dark part of herself . a place she usually try to keep under lock and key . a part of she mind that only dwell in she subconscious . the sound of the battle slip away . now there be only a strange silence . Alice close she eye and we see the sudden , intense r.e.m. from the other night . close on one of the blaze torch -- as the flame suddenly intensify . it 's like someone have pour gasoline on the fire . the flame jump into the air , and then turn in on itself . the flame begin to twist and spiral around the burn torch . ignoring the desert wind , move of its own will . it 's both beautiful and terrifying to behold . and then suddenly the fire burst forth . the flame jetting like liquid napalm between the undead . strike they with such intensity that the flame almost seem to punch through they . close on Alice -- the r.e.m. reach a crescendo as the fire jump from one undead to another with incredible speed . and suddenly she eye SNAP OPEN . and Alice fall to she knee . the kukris fall beside she . she no longer have the strength to hold they . her body and mind spent with the superhuman effort . around she , Alice see a inferno . the undead be ablaze . illuminate the camp with a hellish light . it 's like a image from blake at he darkest . charre and blacken body literally fall apart . close on sven ~- as he see a new danger . use the last of he strength , he race towards the Arco tanker . carlos be still deal with the remain undead - who be not catch in the firestorm . he see he friend run for the tanker . carlo ( cont 'd ) sven ! sven the fuel .... ( continued ) 52 . continued : ( 3 ) only now do carlos see what sven already know . gasoline be pour from the tanker - where it be rupture by the stray gunshot from hello Kitty . sven splashes through a giant pool of gasoline that surround the tanker . if any one of the blaze undead make contact with this , then the tanker and the whole encampment would be vaporize in a instant . int . tanker - cab - continuous close on sven -- as he haul himself into the cab . he cry out in pain , clutching he wound . it have re-opene , soaking he torso in blood . his face be deathly pale . ext . tanker - continuous the engine roar into life , the gear grind . but the tanker do not move . close on the pool of gasoline -- as reflected in its surface we see the blaze outline of a undead as it stagger closer . still the tanker have not move . carlo sven ! but there be no reply . the tanker remain in place , the engine idling . the blaze undead draw ever closer . and it 's not alone . at any moment any one of the undead could stagger into the gasoline and set the whole tanker afire . sven have to move the tanker away from the encampment . but still it just sit there . engine idling . carlos try to break free , but he be still battle the last few undead . carlo ( cont 'd ) for God 's sake ! sven ! close on Alice -- as she hear carlos call out . she look up at the tanker . see the gasoline , the blaze undead , the imminent disaster . and with superhuman effort , she force herself to she foot . dodging past the fiery undead , Alice race to the tanker . close on carlos as he recognize the run figure . we see the excitement in he eye . Alice be back ! int . tanker - cab Alice wrench open the door and leap aboard . the engine be run , but sven be nowhere to be see . in the wing mirror -- the reflection of a blaze undead , right on the edge of the pool of gasoline . ( continued ) 53 . continued : Alice slam the tanker into gear just as undead sven lunge from the back of the cab . Alice push he away , but she be ina weaken state . the massive Nordic undead press forward . Alice seem unable to stop he . suddenly paco leap at sven . the dog have follow Alice . paco be small , but furious , and fight fearlessly in defence of he owner . the sudden impact of the dog tip the balance and drive sven back . both paco and the undead tumble from the move tanker . Alice floor the gas pedal . ext . tanker - continuous paco and sven hit the ground , the little dog roll away from the undead . as sven get to he foot , he come face to face with he old friend - carlos . carlo I be sorry ... without hesitation sven lunge for the fresh meat , and carlos shoot he friend neatly between the eye . in slow motion - as sven 's body fall away from carlos , the two figure be suddenly silhouett by a wall of FIRE that erupt behind they . a burn undead have connect with the lake of gasoline . the undead be vaporize in a instant , carlos watch in horror as the fire race after the tanker . int . tanker - cab - continuous Alice look in the wing Mirror and see the fire come . the tanker be leak gasoline , and the flame be chase the trail hungrily . Alice grind the gas pedal into the floor . ext . desert trail truck stop - continuous the tanker barrel past . it 's go fast , but the flame be gain . int . tanker - cab - continuous Alice race past the last of the convoy 's vehicle . scare face stare at she from the window of the School Bus . otto be do he best to calm the child , but they be in a full on panic . {continued ) 54 . continued : in the wing Mirror , Alice see that the fiery tail have almost catch up with the tanker . but Alice can not bail out yet . she 's still too close to the School Bus . ext . tanker - continuous the flame reach the giant tank of gasoline .... ext . desert trail truck stop - continuous carlo Alice !!! carlos watch helplessly as the tanker be tear apart in a giant explosion . the face in the School Bus window duck as the glass be spray with burn droplet of gasoline . they survive . just . the burn drop of gasoline crack the glass of the school bus and eat into the rubber trim around it . a small detail , but it will be significant later . close on carlos -- as he shield himself from the searing heat of the explosion . when he look up , there be nothing much leave of the tanker or the cab . hold on carlos - think he have lose Alice for good , then , a miracle -- from the wall of flame walk Alice . clothes and skin , scorched and burnt . but still alive . delighted , carlos wrap she up in a bear like embrace . carlo ( cont'd I think you be dead . close on Alice -- we see she joy at reunite with carlos . but there 's something else . under the surface . a awkwardness . it 's be a long time since she be even with people , never mind physical contact . carlos look around at the devastation . carlo ( cont 'd ) well , I will say one thing for you ... Burning debris from the tanker be still raining down everywhere . carlo ( cont 'd ) ... you still know how to make a entrance . ( continued ) 55 . continued : Alice laugh . and then almost immediately keel over . exhausted from she effort ~ both physical and mental . and carlos be there to stop she from fall . CUT to : ext . desert trail truck stop sunrise . daybreak be breathtaking , but no one here be in a mood to appreciate it . in the daylight we see the true extent of the damage . many of the vehicle be write - off . still more be badly damage . at the edge of the encampment , the survivor stand around a dozen fresh grave with simple wooden marker . valentine anyone want to say something ? but none of the crowd speak , they spirit break . valentine ( cont 'd ) well then .... Valentine head back to the encampment . after a beat the other begin to trail after she . only carlos remain . he hang sven 's distinctive aviator goggle over one of the cross . carlo be see you ... ext . desert trail truck stop ~ later a solemn air hang over the camp as the survivor attempt to repair the remain vehicle . int . ambulance day . Alice lie unconscious . Betty have cut away she tatter clothes to reveal a body ravage with burn and wound . Betty be apply salve to a raw burn on Alice 's neck . suddenly Alice 's hand snap up and grab Betty 's wrist . startle , Betty try to jump back , but Alice 's grip be like iron . Alice have enough sedative in she to tranquilize a horse . yet she eye be sharp and focuss . her movement precise . alice do not .... she relax she grip . realizing Betty be in pain . alice ( cont 'd ) .... touch I . ( continued ) 56 . continued : betty you wound .... alice ( cut she short ) be fine . Alice unhook the i.v. drip from she arm and sit up . she notice a bracelet make of electrical wire on she leave wrist . where the hell do that come from ? betty if they be not treat they could become infect . but Alice be oblivious . she stand up . betty ( cont 'd ) you need to rest . Alice be not listen . B be a forceful woman , but no match for this girl . ina corner lie the smoulder remain of what use to be Alice 's clothes . alice get anything I could wear ? ext . desert trail truck stop day . we pan up Alice 's leg as she step from the ambulance . she 's dress in one of B 's nurse 's outfit . it 's not a unpleasant sight . paco join she immediately . the faithful hound have be wait outside the ambulance door . Alice walk over to she pick - up truck . she check she stuff - radio and saddlebags - it all seem to be in order . valentine ( 0.s. ) I think you be dead . Alice look up to see Valentine . Jill do not seem too happy to see she old friend . alice disappointed ? from Jill 's expression it 's hard to tell . valentine what bring you back ? ( continued ) 57 . continued : alice you do . I have be monitoring you transmission . when I hear you be here , I do not have a choice . I have to come . she reach inside one of she saddlebags alice ( cont 'd ) I have be here before ... Alice toss she something . Jill catch it . it 's a corny fridge magnet -- " I see the bone at Desert Trail " . alice ( cont 'd -+ - know what be wait . valentine what happen in Detroit ? alice you know what happen . they use I . valentine a lot of good people die that night . alice that 's why I have to disappear , valentine how ? alice I break into a umbrella facility . hacked into they computer and download the satellite trajectory . I stay off the grid . cease to exist . suddenly Alice look down at she watch . but it 's go . melted in last night 's fire . alice ( cont 'd ) ( worried ) what time be it ? valentine time ? I do not even know what year it be . Alice glance up at the sky . this have almost become instinctual now . ( continued ) 58 . continued : ( 2 ) alice shit !! she grab she saddlebags and run for cover . Alice step beneath the porch of the Motel just as we -- smash CUT to ; satellite image -- a computer grid come up over the Desert Trail truck stop . Alice make it just in time . Computer graphic identify Valentine , l.j , etc . umbrella know all about they , but consider they no threat . as the satellite continue its scan we -- CUT to : ext . desert trail motel ~ continuous Alice stand in the shadow under the cover of the Motel porch . k-mart ( 0.s. ) I hear about you . k - Mart be share the shade with she . Alice prepare to ignore this minor nuisance , k-mart ( cont 'd ) they say you be dead . a flicker of a smile cross Alice 's face . k-mart ( cont 'd ) what ? alice I get that a lot . Alice hold up she wrist . the one with the wire bracelet . it 's just like the one that k - Mart wear . alice ( cont 'd ) this belong to you ? k-mart gave it to you last night . for luck . alice look like it work . what do they call you ? ( continued 59 . continued : k-mart k - Mart . it 's where they find I . Jill and the other ... few year back . alice you have a name before that ? k-mart never like it . and everyone I know be dead ... seem like the time for a change . angle on -- the kid in the school bus . a half dozen eager face stare at Alice in awe . they duck out of sight when she look they way . alice what 's up with they ? k-mart they do not think you be real . the kid tell storey about you at night . like you be shrek or dracula ... something like that . despite herself , Alice be warming to k - Mart . alice you remind I of someone . k-mart really ? what happen to she ? alice I let she die . the young girl do not seem phase by this at all -- k-mart ( shrug ) hope you do not make the same mistake twice . angle on -- Alice 's shadow as she and k~mart talk . the sun be move rapidly across the sky and Alice 's shadow be shifting ~ creep out from the shade of the porch and onto the desert sand . satellite image -- the umbrella satellite have almost pass clean over the truck stop . ( continued ) 60 . continued : but in the last few second , it register the barest hint of Alice 's shadow . in a instant , the computer track in , enhance the shadow , fill in the miss data , create a profile in silhouette and compare it to million of possible match in its data bank . a second later it come to its conclusion -- commander okamoto ( 0.s. - prelap ) you be positive it 's she ? int , the complex - briefing room doctor tsaac 62 % . too great a chance to pass up . isaac be talk in private with okamoto 's hologram . commander okamoto if it be Project Alice , she 's be evade the satellite grid for year . doctor isaacs I be rerout they as we speak . I can have a strike team ready within the hour . commander okamoto no . we will establish a positive identification first . one hundred percent . doctor isaacs ( frustrated ) the group she 's with include Jill Valentine and carlos olivera ... know associate . isaac be become increasingly impassion -- doctor isaacs ( cont 'd ) the original Project Alice be vital to my research ! to the whole process of domestication ... she blood , she genetic structure be the key . the longer we leave she out there , the great the chance we lose she again . I can not risk that . okamoto be furious ~ isaac have completely overstep he authority . ( continued ) 61 . continued : commander okamoto that decision be not yours to make ! you will take no action till this matter have be discuss by the Committee . close on -- Doctor isaac . fuming . plott . valentine ( 0.s. - prelap ) Alaska ! ext . desert trail truck stop day . valentine have you any idea what kind of journey that would be ? Valentine , mikey , carlos and Alice be huddle at a distance from the convoy . mikey hold the Red Journal in he hand . it 's open to the page show arcadia ~ the promise land . valentine ( cont 'd ) ( to Alice ) and at the end of it ... what ? you have no guarantee there 's even anyone alive up there . mikey hold up the Journal . mikey ( hopeful ) this transmission ... valentine ( cut he dead ) be date from six month ago . how many radio broadcast have we respond to ? how many time have we get there too late ? alice the transmission say there be no infection up there . Valentine indicate the convoy at large . valentine this people do not need pipe dream . carlo maybe ... so far , carlos have be silent . now all eye be on he . ( continued 62 . continued : carlo ( cont 'd ) + + , that 's exactly what they need . valentine what ? carlo look at they Jill . six month ago there be fifty of we . then forty - five . now barely thirty . we see shot of member of the convoy . they be all extremely tired . exhausted by the constant movement , the constant battle . carlo ( cont 'd ) they be start to give up . they need some hope . valentine this kind of hope could get they all kill , ext . desert trail truck stop - later Valentine stand on the back of the flatbe truck . all the member of the convoy be assemble . it 's like a town meeting . valentine we have a decision to make ... it 's too big , too important for I to make it for you . there 's a chance there be survivor ... in Alaska . there 's a chance the infection have not reach that far . but we do not know for sure . so we have a choice ... we stay as we be . or we try for Alaska . she pause for a moment , then put it to the vote -- valentine ( cont'd for Alaska ? almost every hand be raise . Valentine can see the excitement in they eye . a germ of hope . something that have be miss for year . valentine ( cont 'd ) alright then ... as Valentine step down from the flatbe , she pass Alice . ( continued ) 63 . continued : valentine ( cont 'd ) I hope you be right . int . the complex - doctor isaacs laboratory - later isaac have once again secretly record he conversation with Commander okamoto . his computer be just finish its task of isolate okamoto 's voice and break he sentence down into individual word -- commander okamoto ( record ) take ... no ... action ... till ... this ... matter ... have ... be ... discuss ... by ... the ... Committee . the Computer flash up -- " capture complete . " isaac sit down before the computer and enter the command -~ " compose . " isaac then begin to type . the Computer play back whatever he type in okamoto 's voice . we recognize many of the soundbite from Commander okamoto 's previous conversation with isaac . slowly a coherent sentence be build -- commander okamoto ( cont 'd ) {in soundbite ) the , Committee , authorize , immediate , action . release , of , vehicle , and , personnel . under , command , of isaac , Doctor ... , ext . desert trail truck stop day . the leader of the convoy be gather around the News truck . Planning they next move . carlo we already pump the storage tank dry . when we lose the tanker , we lose everything . mikey I have get a half tank .... that 's it . otto we be run on empty . ( continued ) 64 , continued : carlo l.jd .? lid . I do not even have empty . I get fume + vapor ... ( sniff the air ) parfum de gasoline . / carlo so this be we option . carlos unroll a map . place it on the hood of the News truck . point to a nearby gas station . carlo ( cont 'd ) nearest , safest bet be here . Alice shake she head . alice try a month ago ... empty . carlo then here . Alice shake she head . carlo ( cont 'd ) maybe ... one look from Alice and he move on . valentine ( 0.s. ) Vegas . she suddenly have everyone 's attention . valentine ( cont 'd ) it 's the only place we be sure to find gasoline . carlo there 's a reason for that . Vegas be too damn dangerous . lg . it 's lousy with they mother . valentine if we be go to go for Alaska , we be gonna 's need a lot of gasoline . ( more ) ( continued ) 65 . continued : ( 2 ) valentine ( cont 'd ) and we have suck every small town pump dry over the last six month . we have to hit a big city . besides ... Valentine glance over at the still smoking wreckage of the oil tanker . valentine ( cont 'd ) we need to find something to haul it in . alice she 's right ... Alice glance over at Valentine . despite the tension between this two , once again they have find themselves on the same side . alice ( cont 'd ) ... Vegas be we best bet . satellite image -- of the conversation . unbeknownst to Alice they be be watch by a umbrella spy satellite . int . the complex - doctor isaacs laboratory - continuous there 's a slight delay due to the satellite relay . ona monitor , Alice be just finish she conversation - in alice vision -- alice ... Vegas be we best bet . Doctor isaac turn away from the monitor satisfied . he hit a button for the intercom -- doctor isaacs prepare a flight plan for Las Vegas . once again , Alice have become the unwitting spy - put she friend in jeopardy . smash CUT to : ext . freeway day . the convoy race by . 66 . int . flat bed - continuous Alice ride in the flat bed truck . she have customize the nurse 's outfit with leather shoulder holster and bandolier of spare ammo . k- Mart ride with Alice . carlos be at the wheel . Alice look down . between she foot there be a gaping hole . you can see the asphalt racing by . alice Nice ride . they pass a sign '' las vega 155 mile '' . k-mart what 's Vegas like ? alice use to be a fun town . k-mart now ? alice let 's hope we do not stay there long enough to find out . ariel shot -- hundred of foot above the convoy , look straight down . suddenly the image shimmer and shift into GREEN and white as we -- match CUT to : satellite image -- of the convoy . someone be keep watch on Alice and the other . widen to reveal -- int . helicopter - continuous Doctor isaac be sit in one of the umbrella helicopter . he 's watch the satellite image on a portable plasma screen as the chopper lift off . 67 . ext . weather station ~ continuous the two umbrella helicopter sweep over the base and head off into the desert . both be fully lead . one carry a long black freight container beneath it . cut to : ext . freeway day . the convoy be get closer to civilization . pass through a small town , there be more building here and more undead . they emerge into the light , draw by the noise of the convoy and the smell of fresh meat . the undead can not catch the speed vehicle , but they shamble after they nonetheless . int . hummer day . Valentine pass a liquor store at the side of the road . it have a huge sign for cigarettes . but be also crawl with undead . Valentine sigh and keep the accelerator press to the floor . valentine damn it !! int . plat bed day . Alice have take she turn at the wheel . carlos ride shotgun . he glance at k - Mart - sleep in the back of the cab . asleep , she face look the picture of innocence . carlo you ever think we be the freak ? alice what do you mean ? carlos glance out at the every grow number of undead . carlo that we be the anomaly . , , the last of the dinosaur . we fuck up we world , and so the world fuck we back . he stare at the mass of undead as they race past . Men , woman , child . Black , White , asian . everyone be represent . carlo ( cont 'd ) look at they . this be they world now . we do not belong here . ( continued ) 68 . continued : Alice shake she head . alice believe that if you want . but I be not ready to surrender to the new world order just yet . she open the Red Journal . take out a cut of arcadia . beautiful , fairy - tale town . Alice pin it to the sun visor above she . alice ( cont'd there 's a end to this . I be sure of it . there 's a moment 's silence . carlos stare at she . Alice shift , uncomfortable -- alice ( cont 'd ) what ? carlo why do you disappear ? after Detroit . carlos try to keep it hide . but he clearly still harbor feeling for Alice . alice I do not have a choice . I could not be around you . any of you . I would have get you all kill . carlo and after the World end , why stay out there ? alone . alice ( shrug ) habit ... it 's a weak excuse and they both know it . carlo could you be more evasive ? alice ( smile ) I could try . but despite Alice 's attempt to make a joke out of it , carlos be not go to let it go . he stare at she . expecting a reply . ( continued ) 69 . continued : ( 2 ) alice ( cont 'd ) I be better out there . alone . okay ? carlo why can not you talk to I about this ? alice there be some thing .... ( hesitates ) I do not understand . I can not control . it 's hard for she to talk about this . to confront the uncertainty of she own identity . her grow power . her evolution . alice ( cont 'd ) it 's safer if I be not around people . before carlos can ask more , the vehicle in front come to a abrupt halt . Alice slam on the brake . before they be a large fade sign , half bury in the desert sand -- " welcome to las vega " . ext . las vega - outskirt day . the convoy make its way along road choke with sand . some be block completely ~ only the top of the telegraph pole let we know that they exist at all . we see the roof of tall building poke out of the sand . Signs for Burger King and Taco Bell float above the dune , but there be no sign of the building that they once advertise . int . flat bed - continuous k - Mart stare in awe at the remnant of the bury city . k~-mart where be it ? alice guess the desert want it back . she reach for she walkie . int . hummer - continuous Alice 's voice come over Valentine 's walkie . ( continued ) 70 . continued : alice ( 0.s. ) we be go to have to check the Strip . see if anything 's leave there . valentine the Strip ... great . this just get better and better . ext . crow road day . the convoy turn into a long street line with telegraph pole . but unlike the journey here , there be no sign of the undead . int . ambulance - continuous Betty be at the wheel . l.d. , now without a vehicle , ride beside she . Betty finger she .45 nervously . betty where be they ? she glance at l.j. he share she concern . where be the undead ? ext . crow road - continuous still no sign of life . as the convoy pass , we crane down to reveal a skeletal hand poke from the desert sand . then another , then another . this place be a charnel house . hundred of skeleton , pick to the bone . and however this people die , it be not pleasant . the body be bent and twisted . they unmove skeletal finger be the shape of claw . they die in agony . int . flat bed - continuous k - Mart stare at the surround building . tension mount . ext . crow road - continuous high angle look down at the convoy . we see a huge black crow perch on a telegraph pole , silently watch . 71 . int . ambulance - continuous l.j. see a dozen crow perch on another pole . then still more nestle in a smashed window frame . even more rest on the roof of a burnt out car . they be everywhere . l.j . what the fuck .... and there be not dozen of crow , there be hundred of they , perhaps thousand . ext , crow road - continuous close on -- a dark black crow . watch . it have the same strange , glaze eye as the one we see at the Arco Station - in the bird that be feast on the remain of stevie . int . flat bed ~ continuous k-mart what 's with all the bird ? Alice look up and see the crow . notice a human skeleton half bury in the desert sand . suddenly realize -- alice they have be feed on taint flesh . she grab the walkie . alice ( cont 'd ) Roll up you window . do not let they get the scent . int / ext . school bus ~ continuous alice ( 0.s . ) Roll up you window right now !! otto okay .... you hear the lady ! the occupant of the school bus - a half dozen kid and three adult ~ hasten to do as they be tell . close on -- ( continued ) 72 . continued : the window of the school bus as it shut . we see where the glass be crack by the burn gasoline . the rubber mould around the window be also eat away by the heat . remember ? I tell you this would be important . for now , the window do not shut properly . there be a gap between the glass and rubber seal . close on -- the gap . then suddenly the camera race up and away . drifting through space . come to rest on one of the giant crow . the creature turn towards the bus . and suddenly take flight ! int . ambulance - continuous all around , a thousand crow take to the air . the sound be deafen . terrify . betty what 's go on ?! int . flat bed - continuous Alice watch the crow circle above . the bird be reflect in the windshield like a ominous black cloud . alice ( into the walkie ) floor it ! ext . ariel shot - continuous we be look straight down on the convoy , perhaps two hundred foot below . the vehicle kick up dust as they pick up speed . suddenly streaking through frame in a blur of darkness be the crow . swirl like a giant storm cloud above the convoy . int . flat bed - continuous Alice glance up . alice they be territorial ... we just have to keep go . carlo how do you know they be territorial ? ( continued ) 73 . continued : alice saw it on the Discovery Channel . carlo ( look up ) I hope they know that . ext , crow road ~ continuous the first of the vehicle have almost reach the end of the street , when suddenly the crow attack . the swirl cloud become like a giant black arrow , aim straight at the school bus . int / ext . school bus - continuous the first of the crow smashes against the windshield and bounce off . so do the second and the third . but in a instant , there be dozen and then hundred of the bird impact against the glass . the entire windshield be dark like night have suddenly fall . otto can not see where he 's go and the bus crash into a telegraph pole . the kid scream as the glass of the windshield begin to crack . otto hold it in place . otto help I ! the other adult in the bus rush to help he . they hold the windshield in place and the tide of crow in check . just . int . flat bed - continuous Alice look back . see the school bus . unmove . besieged . alice damn it !!! the flatbe be already at the end of the street , but Alice haul on the wheel , and the truck spin through 180 degree , head right back into the danger zone . int . school bus - continuous the windshield begin to give way . several crow slip into the bus , add to the chaos and confusion . they beak tear at the adult ' flesh . there be deafen gunshot within the close confines of the vehicle . the child cower at the back of the bus , scream in terror . 74 , int / ext . flat bed - continuous the flat bed pull up as close as it can to the back door of the school bus . carlos throw open he door , indicate to one of the adult in the bus to do the same . a narrow corridor between the flat bed and the school bus be create - protect by the vehicle door on both side , but open at the top and bottom . several crow dive down into the gap , but carlos blow they out of the sky with a 12 gauge . carlos shout to be hear over the deafen storm of wing . carlo the child ... get they over here !! int . school bus — continuous a adult shepherd the kid towards the open back door . they be terrify of stay in the bus , but even more terrify of go outside . behind they , the windshield be give way . otto and the other can not hold it in place much longer . carlo ( 0.s. ) hurry ! int . flat bed ~ continuous one by one , the child begin to make the terrifying crossing between the two vehicle . carlos catch they as they jump across . the crow circle menacingly above . alice ( to k - Mart ) take the wheel . k- Mart do as she 's tell , and Alice slide across to the open door . within a second , both she gun be blaze as she shoot the attack crow out of the sky . int . school bus - continuous the windshield finally give way . the bus be suddenly fill with flap wing and bloody , tear beak . otto and the other adult be engulf . int . flat bed - continucus Alice grab the last of the kid . a adult scream at they from the doom school bus . he 's already cover in crow . Beyond help . ( continued ) 78 . continued : adult gol ! carlos turn to k -mart . carlo floor it ! k - Mart hit the gas as carlos slam the truck door . several crow impact with the door , break they bone , but crack the glass . Alice hold a weep , traumatize child in she arm . behind they -- ext . school bus - continuous otto leap from the stricken bus , but there be a dozen bird already on he . by the time he have hit the ground we can barely see he . he be a heaving mass of ravenous crow . int . school bus - continuous now with the back door open , the interior of the bus become like a wind tunnel . hundred of bird racing through the bus at high speed , they beak stain red with blood . the scream of the die be drown out by the beat of a thousand pair of wing . ext . crow road - continuous then as quickly as it have begin , it be over . and the crow settle back onto they perches . ext . flat bed - continuous k - Mart glance in the rear view . look back at the school bus , horrify . int . school bus - continuous thirty second ago , there be human being in here . what remain of they now , you do not really want to know . ext . crow road - continuous high angle look down . in the distance , the flat bed reach the end of the street . with the crow back on they perches , a strange calm have descend over the street . almost like nothing happen . ( continued ) 76 . continued : in the foreground a crow watch silently . its beak freshly moisten . cuT to : ext . the strip day . like a rise tide the desert sand have engulf the giant casinos . where '' New York New York " once stand , only the top of the Empire State Building and the statue of Liberty poke out from the dune . further down the street , a half bury eifel tower be visible . the lake in front of the " bellagio " be choke with sand . it 's a weird , surreal landscape , with just one exception -- fhe giant sphinx outside the luxor have never look more at home . ext . m.g.m. grand - continuous atop the sand dune that surround the casino stand a real african lion . he have escape from the wildlife preserve inside and life as a scavenger , his bone be show through he skin . the lion watch the convoy below . he lick he lip hungrily . but make no move to attack . there be worse thing than be hungry . and that thing be to be find in the heart of Vegas . ext . the strip - continuous the convoy roll to a halt at the top of the Strip . abandon vehicle litter the road . many of they also half swallow by the encroach desert . amongst they be a tanker carry " canola oil " . ext . hummer - continuous the hummer pull up beside the " canola oil " tanker . Valentine leap out . valentine that will do . lj . I be on it . l.j. open up the valve on the tanker . cook oil gush out into the street . k- Mart climb up into the cab . k-mart E will get it start . ( continued ) 77 . continued : the other set up a defensive perimeter around the tanker . close on carlo -- he lower he binocular . carlo nothing . there 's no sign of life . live or ( un ) dead . just the occasional bleach skeleton half bury in the sand . alice that bird must have move through the city block by block ... pick it clean . carlos and Alice share a look . as horrific as the undead be , there 's something even more unsettle about the completely desert city . ext . the strip - later the convoy be back on the move , the tanker now in tow . they be head deeper into the heart of Las Vegas . int . ambulance day . l.j. stare at the abandon Strip . the centre divider be line with the dead husk of palm tree . lid . there !! he point to the piazza San Marco and what remain of the venetian casino . its waterway be long since choke with sand , its gondolas beach and useless . l.j. ( cont 'd ) there . there 's a gas pump in there . between the dune , the entrance to valet parking ( under the ponte dei sospiri ) remain accessible . betty how do you know ? l. . dropped two g here back in the day . ( continued ) 78 . continued : betty ( whistle ) two grand .... mister High roller . ext . the venetian casino - valet - minute later the canola oil tanker be pull up by the gas pump . every available hose have be drop into the tanker . Valentine and the other be hand cranking gas into it as fast as they can . ext . venetian casino - ponte dei sospiri - continuous a distance from the valet , Alice and carlos stand perch on the ponte dei sospiri , binocular in hand . carlos scan the Strip , Alice take the sky . alice ( 0.s. ) {into walkie ) still no movement .... we be good . ext . the venetian casino ~- valet - continuous Valentine check the level of the gas in the tanker . valentine {into walkie ) we will be do in five . out of habit , Valentine check a cigarette machine by the valet . empty . valentine ( cont 'd ) damn . close on l.j. -- stand at a distance , watch the activity . unseen by the other he slip away , into the shadow of the venetian . int . venetian day . the interior be barely recognizable . Sand dune everywhere . the occasional roulette wheel or slot machine rise to the surface . it 's also very dark , and very scary in here . l.j. move with a purpose , keep to the side wall , head for a overturn crap table . l.j. holster he .45 and kneel beside the table . there 's something trap under it that he want to get to . ( continued ) 79 . continued : as l.j. reach however , a dark shadow rise up behind he . l.d. be totally distract as the shadow envelop he . lid. ( shocked ) damn ! l.j. be scared half to death . the dark shadow be reveal to be Betty . l.d. ( cont 'd ) do not sneak up on a man like that ! betty what be you do ? l.j. produce three chip that he acquire from under the crap table . each be for a $ 1,000 . lid . take my two g back .... with interest . betty ( incredulous ) what good be they ? l.d. stare at she like she be the dumbest woman to walk the Earth . lj . it 's the principle of the thing ! he shake he head at she lack of moral fibre . l.j. ( cont 'd ) a man gotta have he principle . ext , venetian casino - ponte dei sospiri day . carlos and Alice on watch . they be at a distance from the group . isolate . vulnerable . close on -~ paco , sitting at Alice 's side . he sniff the air - sense something ? his hackles raise . after a moment Alice catch a feint noise bounce off the desert building -~- the clatter of rotor blade ? alice you hear that ? ( continued ) 80 . continued : carlos shake he head . after a moment there be a inhuman scream which echoe around the building . impossible to tell the direction from which it come , but it 's close . carlo ( worried ) I hear that , the very echo of the scream send a chill through they . Alice and carlos share a look . a sudden noise over the walkie make they jump -- valentine ( 0.s. ) ( over the walkie ) we be do .... get down here . ext . the strip day . the convoy be back on the move . headed out of town . int . flat bed carlos be at the wheel . Alice stare up at the desert building suspiciously . k- Mart see the way Alice 's hand run unconsciously over the breech of the 12 gauge . there 's trouble come . ext . STORM drain crane up out of a concrete storm drain - build to handle the winter flash flood . the Strip should pass over it , but all four lane be a mess of collapse concrete and twisted rebar . it 's impassable , the convoy grind to a halt . Alice and the other climb from they vehicle . valentine we can not go back the way we come , we will go around . Valentine indicate a side street that seem clear . alice ( immediately suspicious ) there 's something wrong here . ( continued ) 81 . continued : valentine ( shrug ) the road fuck up . complain to the mayor . carlos try to re-assure Alice . carlo I be sure a lot of shit go down here when the city be over~run . alice no . this be recent . look ... Alice point to a nearby chunk of concrete . the twisted end of the metal rebar catch the light . alice ( cont ’d ) ++. the metal have not have time to oxidize . Alice and carlos exchange a look . that inhuman scream still fresh in they mind . valentine let 's just get move . I want out of this place . no one be go to argue with that sentiment . but as the convoy head down the empty side street , they can not shake the suspicion that they be be shepherd in some way . high angle shot -- look down on the convoy as it snake through the abandon city . the high angle add to the air of tension . suggest that they be be watch by someone / something . ext . side STREET the street run down the side of the venetian . the convoy come to a sudden halt . sitting directly in they path , block the road , be a large metal freight container . it 's paint black and bear the umbrella logo . and unlike anything else in this distress and decaye city , the container look brand new . if you be sharp , you will remember it from isaac ' helicopter earlier . 82 , int . hummer ~ continuous valentine what the fuck .... Alice march past the hummer , head for the container . alice we have to move it . ext . news truck = moment later the front of mikey 's truck be fitte with a winch . Valentine pull the metal towing hook free and begin to unspool the cable . Alice already have a similar hook and cable from the front of the flat bed . in the background , l.j. and Betty be do the same with the ambulance . this freight container be big , and it 's go to need the power of all three vehicle to move it . ext . side STREET ~ continuous as they cautiously approach the container , Alice look around , but there be no sign of life anywhere . Valentine put she ear to the container . no sound from within . but this be very , very creepy . Valentine inspect the front of the container . valentine no lock .... no way to open it . ld. good. ( edgy and impatient ) now let 's get this do . int , flat bed ~ cab ~ continuous k - Mart check behind they . no sign of movement on the street . but there 's a grow sense of tension . ext . side STREET day . close on -- the towing hook as they be fix in place on the container . Alice give k - Mart the thumb up . Valentine do the same to mikey in the News truck , and Betty to l.j. in the ambulance . ( continued ) 83 . continued : the cable go taut , and for a moment , nothing happen . perhaps the container be too heavy ? then suddenly it shift , lurching violently to one side . ' the cable take up the strain once more , and the container move another few foot . close on -- the winch at the front of the flat bed . it be smoking with the strain . carlos , check the winch , see it and signal to k - Mart . carlo ease off ! ease it off ! k - Mart do as she 's tell and carlos kneel down to inspect the winch . the other two cable take up the strain , but suddenly one of they begin to fray with the extra load . alice down ! ! she push Betty and Valentine down as the cable snap and whip over they head at high speed . a deadly metal scythe that would slice through anything in its way . Alice 's warning have save they life , alice ( cont 'd ) stop ! stop ! l.j. and mikey stop they winch . the cable to the News truck be the one that snap . Valentine dust herself down . valentine thank you . alice do not mention it . they talk like Alice just hold open a door for she . cool . close on -- the towing hook from the News truck . the cable have sheer clean off . as Alice kneel to examine it , she hear a feint noise . come from within the container . she place she ear against the metal . nothing . or be that movement ? Alice strain to hear when suddenly -- bang !!!! one of the bolt hold the front of the container in place , blow clean off . Alice jump back in surprise as more and more of the bolt begin to blow . this be explosive bolt . design for the rapid deployment of whatever be inside , ( continued ) 84 . continued : ( 2 ) alice ( cont 'd ) get back ! the whole front of the container fall to the ground , narrowly miss Alice , Betty and Valentine . the woman pull they gun , ready for action , but nothing happen . the interior of the container be fill with a inky , impenetrable darkness . the camera track into the depth of the container . there be the hint of movement . of something alive in there , a delicious moment of anticipation . Alice 's finger tense on the trigger . then suddenly all hell break loose , running from the darkness at top speed be three dozen undead . the woman be catch off guard for a moment , and do not even fire . they have never see undead move like this ! this be all of isaac fail experiment . each with the distinctive triangular puncture mark at the base of they neck . and each one fill with a uncontrollable rage , as well as a unnatural speed and strength . the raider undead be amongst they . we hear the same chill , inhuman scream that Alice and carlos have hear earlier . as the first of the undead leap at Alice , she blow it out of the air with both barrel of she sawn -off . the undead hit the ground , roll and then get back to its foot . its chest in tatter , but its speed and hunger intact . Betty and Valentine slow the first few undead with a barrage of gunfire , but in a instant they need to reload , and the undead be so fast , they be never go to get the chance to do it . alice ( cont 'd ) run ! ! Alice stop the lead undead in he track with a " clothesline " - a classic aikido move which use the undead 's own speed and strength against it . the undead fall to the ground and never get up . his neck break . at least this thing can be kill . Alice have give Valentine and Betty a split second for escape , and they take it , racing back to they vehicle . Valentine head to the flat bed , to protect k - Mart . but it 's just too far . the lightning fast undead will overtake she . ( continued ) 85 . continued : ( 3 ) as one of the undead leap for she , we see that Valentine be defenseless . suddenly the undead be cut down by a fusillade of gun fire . carlos , twin .4s5 in hand be lay down a suppress fire . int . flat bed ~ cab - continuous Valentine slam the door close behind she , just as two undead impact with the cab . they hit so hard , they leave dent in the bodywork . they hand punch at the window desperate to be in . Valentine yell to k - Mart . valentine get in the back ! ext . flat bed — continuous carlos still kneel by the winch at the front of the flat bed . he have save Valentine , but now both .45 click empty . and he 's be charge by a pack of undead , with no time to reload . carlos tuck and roll , disappear under the truck . underneath the flat bed -- it 's dark and claustrophobic . carlos backpedal as he struggle to reload . two undead have pursue he under there . they claw finger just inch from he boot ! ext . ambulance - continuous Betty have almost make it to the ambulance when a undead tackle she , send she sprawling to the ground . the undead be on top of she immediately , rear up , ready to take a bite , when bam !!! it be hit in the head by the ambulance door open . the door hit with such force it stave in the undead 's skull . l.jd. reach down to drag Betty to safety . l.dj. ( all smile ) " I be here to help .... " even in the midst of such chaos , l.j. be still the lady man . ext . underneath the flat bed - continuous carlos be in trouble . trapped in a nightmarish tight space , with two undead claw they way up he leg , they mouth just inch from he flesh . one rear up and prepare to take a bite out of he calf , when -- ( continued ) 86 , continued : boom !!! carlos fire , have successfully reload . the sound of the gunshot be deafen in such a confine space . the first undead fall back unmove . carlos fire again and the second undead join it . carlos breathes a sigh of relief and turn away - coming face to face with a third undead !!! it's snarling face just inches from he own ! ext , side STREET - continuous Alice stand in front of the container . two bloody kukris in she hand . four undead already lie decapitate at she foot . many more surround she . as the first of the undead reach for Alice , she swing the kukris and we -- smash CUT to : satellite image -- the battle render in heat vision , as see by a orbit umbrella satellite . even see from directly above , Alice and the undead be clearly recognizable . the fight play out in silence . but there be no disguise its savage intensity . as Alice swing at another undead we -- smash CUT to : alice vision -- through she eye we see the kukris slice through a undead , sever its head from its shoulder . we be plunge into the midst of the fight . turn and strike with Alice . as the fight continue we pull back to reveal -- int . helicopter - continuous a small control room be set up in the belly of one of the umbrella chopper . plasma screen show we Alice vision and the Satellite image of the battle . still more monitor Alice 's heart rate , respiration , electrical impulse etc . isaac be take it all in . ( continued ) 87 . continued : doctor isaacs she really be magnificent . when the other be dead , prepare for she capture . umbrella captain yes sir . Alice slay the last of the undead in she immediate vicinity . there be no more immediate threat to she . she move to help the rest of the beleaguere convoy . doctor tsaac that 's it . shut she down . a tech operate the computer control and -- ext . side STREET - continuous close on alice' eye -- as she look suddenly become distant , distract . as if she mind be elsewhere . and in the darkness of she pupil , in the depth far behind she cornea , we see a sudden flash of light . like electricity . and the bare hint of something back there -- the umbrella logo . and Alice freeze . the kukris hang loosely from she hand . int / ext . news truck - continuous in the midst of the chaos , the News truck back up , attempt to get away from the undead . in he haste , mikey demolish fake venetian statue and crash into a canal fill with sand . the back wheel sink instantly . mikey shift gear and pump the gas pedal . mikey come on !! come on !!! but the back wheel just dig themselves deeper into the sand . undead slam against the window . mikey jump in terror . the undead be all around the News truck . hand and foot beat against the vehicle . cracking what should be bullet proof glass . some be even use bit of metal or wood as primitive tool , try to pry open the door . this thing be intelligent , and they be strong . and they want in . mikey 's suddenly very scared . he look desperately into the back of the truck . 88. ext . news truck - moment later the back door fly open . one slam into a advance undead nurse , knock she to the ground . mikey fly out of the truck like the devil himself be in pursuit . but a second later he fall , the nurse 's hand around he ankle . mikey look up to see more undead close in . mikey scramble to he foot and run . leave a shoe in the nurse 's clutches . int / ext . flat bed ~ continuous Valentine see mikey run for safety . valentine mikey ! over here !! he be about 20 yard away . Valentine fling open the flat bed door , snarl !! a savage undead be on she in a instant . Valentine jump back . the undead climb into the cab . Valentine bring up she pistol and fire . close on mikey -- as he see Valentine push the undead from the truck . mikey race towards she . there be a whole army of undead in pursuit . he have almost make it , but at the last second a undead leap from behind a half bury gondola and knock mikey off he foot . Valentine shoot it immediately , but mikey have lose too much time . a wave of undead break upon he , and in a instant he be hide from view . valentine's p.o.v . -- she never see mikey again , just the undead -- tear at scrap of clothing , morsel of flesh , they finger and mouth stain with blood . this creature have a savagery we have never witness before . Valentine watch distraught and powerless . undead charge the truck and Valentine be force to close the door . undead slam against the flat bed , smear the glass with they newly bloody handprint . a body slamming against the opposite side of the cab jolt Valentine out of it . it 's carlos . Valentine quickly unlock the door , throw it open . ( continued ) 89 , continued : valentine ( cont 'd ) thank God you make it .... but carlos just lunge at she . his eye inhuman . his flesh deathly pale . he have turned . carlos sink he tooth into Valentine 's shoulder . k- Mart scream as Valentine struggle into the back of the cab , desperate to get away from she old friend . carlos , lunge for k - Mart , he tooth already stain with Valentine 's blood . Valentine have no choice . she have tear in she eye as she raise she gun . ext . side STREET - continuous the gunshot from the flat bed barely register above the sound of battle and the inhuman cry of the undead . the convoy be be tear apart . the human wipe out . close on alice -- still freeze . unable to help she friend . sweat bead she face . we can see that she be fight umbrella 's control over she . paco race around he mistress , barking wildly ! match CUT to ; satellite image -- of Alice and paco , the image suddenly shimmer , turn to static . int . helicopter - continuous Doctor isaac watch as more of the computer screen jump , shimmer or turn to static . doctor isaacs what be it ? umbrella tech Satellite be swinging out of alignment . the image become even more distort and then cut out completely . they have lose both the Satellite image and Alice vision , on the computer screen , the word " satellite - live feed " be replace with " satellite - off line " . 90 . ext . side STREET ~ continuous close on alice' eye -- as she pupil suddenly sharpen . a moment later , a strong , pierce whistle cut through the fog of battle . the undead turn to see Alice . alice I think you mother be look for I . she 's back , and ready to rumble . int . helicopter - continuous the computer screen be still fill with static . doctor isaacs how long ? umbrella tech New feed come on line in fifteen second . planet earth - high orbit -- a umbrella Satellite move between we and the Earth far below . we be over the Continental United States . nevada to be specific . as the first satellite move away , a second cut directly in front of we , the two satellite pass silently . ext . las vega - parking lot - continuous the two umbrella chopper sit in a abandon parking lot behind one of the casinos . int . helicopter - continuous umbrella tech Online in three .... two .... the screen jump back into life . the Satellite image show many body lie motionless on the ground . all the undead attack the convoy have be dispatch . ( continued ) 91 . continued : umbrella tech ( cont 'd ) look like we miss it . isaac study the satellite imagery . Alice have disappear . doctor isaacs damn it ! where be she ? ( concerned ) she 's not dead be she ? umbrella tech no sir . heat level on the body indicate that this be all biohazard . doctor isaacs so find she ... umbrella tech live feed from programme Alice come on line now .... alice vision ~~ through she eye we see that Alice be move through a derelict building . fast . doctor isaacs . where the hell be she go ? suddenly Alice emerge into the daylight and we see ( through she eye ) that she be in the parking lot ~ looking directly at the two umbrella chopper ! umbrella tech oh shit ! as Alice race towards the chopper , all hell break loose . doctor isaacs ( urgent ) shut she down ! now ! ext . parking lot - continuous close on alice' eye -- as far behind she cornea , we see a sudden flash of light . like electricity . and the bare hint of something back there -- the umbrella logo . but this time , the umbrella logo dim . and Alice keep move . fighting they control over she . ( continued ) g 2 . continued : every step forward she take be agony . her face be bead in sweat . the effort be superhuman . but she be winning . int . helicopter ~ continuous guard she 's still come ! doctor isaacs shut she down damn it ! umbrella tech ( panic ) I be try , but there 's interference . umbrella captain boost the control signal ! umbrella tech it 's already at Max ! she 's resisting command protocol , and suddenly they be out of time . for the door to the chopper be rip open and hard sunlight stream in . Alice be here . the umbrella Captain reach for a sidearm , but be dead within the second . a umbrella guard level he machine gun , but a kukri fly through the air . the force of the impact impale he against the bulkhead . his dead finger pull on the trigger and the machine gun fire blindly . the bullet spray through the helicopter 's cabin , kill the pilot instantly . within a instant , Alice have she hand around the umbrella tech 's throat . he 's be fatally wounded in the crossfire , but he 's more afraid of Alice than he be of death -- alice where be he ? and for the first time , we notice that isaac be go . int . second helicopter ~ continuous Doctor isaac clamber aboard . doctor isaacs back to base .... now ! but as he try to close the door behind he , isaac be suddenly grabbed . isaac turn in surprise to see the raider undead . ( continued ) 93 . continued : the creature glare at isaac with malevolent eye , it remember its tormentor , and now it 's payback time . isaac scream as the undead tear into he flesh , rip out he deltoid muscle . a umbrella trooper shoot the undead square between the eye and isaac collapse back into the chopper . doctor isaacs ( cont 'd ) the anti-virus ! get I the anti - virus !! the trooper open a emergency medical kit that contain cool green tube of anti-virus . as isaac begin to inject himself , the chopper lift into the air . ext . second helicopter - continuous Alice race for the chopper as it take off . she jump , grab the runner beneath the helicopter . int . second helicopter - continuous Alice be haul herself on board . she see isaac inject himself with anti-virus . the umbrella trooper swing he gun at Alice 's head . he have . she dead to rights . doctor isaacs no ! he kick the gun , cause the trooper to miss . instead the bullet go clean through Alice 's leave hand . she lose she grip and fall back to Earth . isaac have escape . CUT to : int / ext . first helicopter - parking lot - minute later l.j. and k - Mart be already in the chopper as Alice climb back on board . she 's unsteady on she foot . k-mart be you okay ? alice I will live . she push the dead umbrella Captain out of he seat and sit down . ( continued ) 94 , continued : alice ( cont 'd ) l.j. get in the cockpit . lod . I can see it from here . sucker 's full of bullet hole . its fly day be do . alice I know . but look at the instrumentation . l.j. grumble but do as he 's tell . lj . okay . alice I want to know what its last bear be . lj . why ? alice because then we know where it come from , ext . side STREET day . Alice , l.j. and k - Mart return to the convoy . Betty be bandage Valentine . the wound be very deep . alice they have the anti-virus .... I see it . she put a reassure hand on Valentine . alice ( cont 'd ) you will be okay . Alice survey the abandon street . the sun be sink behind the building . Long menace shadow reach for they like dark finger . alice ( cont 'd ) we should get move . Alice sense something wrong . something hang in the air . something no one want to say . ( continued ) 95 . continued : alice ( cont 'd ) where 's carlos ? CUT to : ext . desert - sunset the convoy have park up at the outskirt of Las Vegas . silhouett against a blood red sky , a single cross mark carlos ' grave . the other turn and walk back to they vehicle , but Alice remain . impassive . stare at the cross , someone have hang carlos 's dog tag over the rough wooden cross . as the other climb back into they vehicle , and Alice be finally alone , emotion come flooding across she face . tear roll down she cheek as she reach down and take the dog tag from the cross . in the midst of all the horror , this be the man she be close to . and now he 's go . the tear be almost uncontrollable . the repress emotion from year of leadership , year of strength , finally give vent . ext . convoy - sunset - later the sun have just dip beyond the horizon as Alice walk back to the vehicle . the tear be go . she wear the dog tag around she neck . frame against the bloody sky , she have the look of some avenge , fall angel . k-mart ( concerned ) Alice .... but Alice just walk past she . alice let 's go . the warrior have return . pity she prey . CuT to : int . the complex - corridor night . two armed guard stand outside the door to isaac ' lab . they salute as Doctor slater approach . he have clearly assume command . everything he always want . ( continued ) 96 , continued : slater how be he ? guard under house arrest as you instruct . he 's be quiet . int . the complex - doctor isaacs laboratory the door swing open and slater enter . the two Guards be with he . isaac sit with he back to they . he be inject himself with anti-virus . the table beside he be litter with empty vial . slater ( shocked ) how much of this have you use ? doctor isaacs her blood increase the creature ! power . but also increase the strength of the infection .... he finish inject himself . discard the empty vial of anti - virus . doctor isaacs ( cont 'd ) -+-.- I need it . slater you have no idea what this will do to you . doctor isaacs oh .... for the first time isaac turn to face slater . there 's something about he . something change . doctor isaacs ( cont 'd ) --.. I have a idea . slater you be out of control . isaac do not offer a reply . slater ( cont 'd ) well this end here . slater take out he sidearm . he 's be wait a long time for this . ( continued ) 97 . continued : slater ( cont 'd ) under executive order 1345 , issue by Commander okamoto , for insubordination and gross misconduct in the field .... I sentence you to summary liquidation . doctor isaacs ( ironic ) liquidation ? slater just die . slater shoot isaac once in the heart . isaac look up at he in disbelief . doctor isaacs ( surprised ) but .... but he can not get the word out . can not take another breath . blood spill from the heart wound . slater you always be a arrogant son of a bitch . slater shoot he twice more . and isaac die . his eye glaze over and shut for the last time . slater turn to the Guards . slater ( cont 'd ) take the body to the surface and dispose of it . then bring up all the stat on programme Alice . I want to see what harm he 's do . but the Guards be not listen . they be stare over slater 's shoulder in shock , for Doctor isaac have just rise to he foot . slater turn in surprise . doctor isaacs do not look so shocked . isaac ' complexion be deathly pale . beneath he shirt , around the heart wound , something move . something inhuman . doctor isaacs ( cont'd there 's nothing harder to kill .... isaac extend he right arm and it split OPEN . the finger peel back like fleshy petal to reveal a mass of scaly tentacles beneath the skin . ( continued ) 98 . continued : ( 2 ) tentacles that shoot out , penetrate slater 's eye socket and burrow under he flesh . they even fill he mouth as he try to scream . doctor isaacs ( cont 'd ) «++. than something that 's already dead . one Guard reach for he gun and the other run for the door . we get the feel neither of they be go to make it . CUT to : ext . ridge dawn . Alice and Valentine lie just below the crest of a desert ridge . reflected in Alice 's binocular we see the weather Station ~- the secret entrance to the complex . as usual , the perimeter fence be ringed with thousand of undead . if anything , they number have grow since the last time . just as Alice have hope , the second umbrella helicopter be peak from beneath camouflage netting . angle on -- l.j. and Betty . on the same ridge . look at the same chopper led . you think you can fly one of that ? betty I use to be a airborne paramedic . not a pilot . l.j. just stare at she . after a beat -- betty ( cont 'd ) ( flustered ) I know the theory .... lo , well you be about to get the practise . angle on -- Valentine as she be seize by a terrible cough fit . she 's lose a lot of blood . look like hell . alice ( comforting ) hold on . they have the anti-virus down there . ( continued ) 99 , continued : Valentine shake she head . valentine too late .... and you know it . infection 's go too far . she lower she hand from she mouth . it 's cover in blood . the bite from carlos be deep , and she 's already in the late stage ef infection . valentine ( cont 'd ) and ... ( nod to the weather station ) ++. you need someone to get you in there . Alice know Jill be right . she 's beyond help . but Alice can not bear to lose another friend . valentine ( cont 'd ) ( bloody smile ) besides ... I have a plan , alice really ? valentine oh yeah .... and it 's a beauty . CUT to : ext . convoy day . k-mart Jill , you can not . , . , k - Mart be on the verge of tear . valentine I have to . Valentine wince in pain . in the last stage of infection . valentine ( cont 'd ) I can not do much more for you .... but I can do this . as she lean against the cab of the tanker , the other gather around . a dozen people in all - the remnant of she convoy - include the six child . she turn to address they . ( continued ) 100 . continued : valentine ( cont 'd ) when you get down there , you make for the helicopter . B will fly . she and l.j. be in charge now . Alice be right ... we can not be the only one leave . there be other like we out there somewhere , you make it to Alaska . to safety . k - Mart nod . understand , but not like it . some of the child be cry . lj . see you around Valentine . Valentine hug l.j. , then k - Mart . as she climb into the cab of the tanker , Alice stop she . alice found this . she hand Jill a packet of smoke - " american spirit " . herbal cigarettes . valentine thanks , but they do not count . alice Jill , I know we ... Valentine shake she head . valentine save it . this two have be through so much together . valentine ( cont 'd ) just promise I one thing . ( beat ) when you get in there . you make they pay - the two woman share a look , alice consider it do . smash CUT to : 101 . ext . tanker day . the canola oil tanker race across the desert flat at top speed . headed for the weather station . the hummer pull level . Alice and k - Mart ride within . the rest of the convoy follow behind . Alice salute Valentine . int . tanker - cab - continuous Valentine acknowledge the salute . for a moment there be a long look between the two and then the hummer drop back . we know that this be the last time the two woman will see one another . Valentine look over to the passenger seat . a short fuse run between she and a huge pack of explosive . valentine {to herself ) wish I have a smoke .... ext . weather station - perimeter - continuous the undead at the edge of the fence begin to turn towards the vehicle . the tanker be in the lead . the hummer and the rest of the convoy trail at a good distance . ext . tanker - continuous the tanker impact with the rank of the undead , plow through they , but slow considerably . there be a whole army of undead , and sheer weight of number be bring the tanker to a halt . int . tanker - cab - continuous Valentine fight to retain control of the wheel . ext . tanker - continuous suddenly the front wheel of the tanker hit a ditch . there 's no way that Valentine could have see it through the mass of undead . the whole tanker jackknife and roll over onto its side . int . tanker - cab - continuous Valentine be flung around the cab like a rag doll . 102 . ext . tanker - continuous the tanker slide to a halt , and within a instant it be swarm with the undead . ariel shot -~- show the tanker surround by thousand of undead . all desperate for the fresh meat within . int . tanker ~ cab - continuous the cab be a mess . Valentine slowly recover from the crash . she be hang at a weird angle from she seat belt . as she blurred vision clear , she see -- a pack of cigarettes . they be tuck behind the sun visor . have be there all the time . valentine fforce a laugh ) I will be damned . as the undead force they way into the cab , Valentine place a cigarette between she lip . at last ! she take a lighter from she pocket . it flare into life . but the undead be in the cab now . snarl tooth and claw finger . valentine ( cont 'd ) oh hell ... , . slow motion -- as Valentine light the fuse instead of the cigarette . as it burn , Valentine bring the lighter back to she cigarette . close on -- the undead as they reach for she . close on ~-- the tip of the cigarette . Valentine draw on it . the tip ignite . wide shot -- of the truck as it explode ! ariel shot -- as the blast wave spread out , vaporize a thousand undead . 103 . int . hummer - continuous the windshield be spray with debris and burn fuel . alice hold on .... ext , weather station — continuous the hummer race at top speed through the burn wasteland that Valentine have create . she have punch a huge hole in the rank of the undead . the hummer lead the rest of the cenvoy through it . int . hummer — continuous as the hummer break through the tatter of the perimeter fence , k - Mart stare out of the window . she 's focuss on the remnant of the tanker . Valentine be go forever . cur to : ext . weather station - moment later the convoy have stop beside the helicopter . half the adult pull the camouflage netting free , while the rest help the child onboard . int . helicopter - cockpit Betty sit at the control . there 's so many of they , overhead , the rotor blade fire into life and begin to revolve . l.j . that 's it girl ! ( lean over she shoulder ) knew you could do it ! betty ( worried ) that be the easy bit . ext . perimeter fence - continuous the undead pour through the gape hole in the fence . headed for the helicopter and the weather station . ext . helicopter - continuous everyone be onboard except Alice . she stand outside the helicopter , catch in the downdraft . she hand the Red Journal to k - Mart . ( continued ) 104 , continued : alice here . k-mart you be not come ? Alice shake she head . she glance at the undead - they be get close - then nod to Betty 4 n the cockpit . int . helicopter - cockpit - continuous Betty nervously pull back on the control . betty okay ... here we go . ext . weather station - continuous Alice watch as the helicopter rise ten foot in the air , then lurch to one side , almost demolosh the roof of the weather station . gradually Betty bring it back under control . int . helicopter ~ cockpit - continuous betty ( intense concentration ) easy ... easy . slowly but surely , the helicopter rise into the air . they be go to be alright . int . helicopter - cargo hold - continuous k - Mart watch through the open door as Alice slowly recede into the distance . a lone woman with only a small dog for company . she cut a mythic figure . ext . weather station - moment later the downdraft die as the helicopter disappear . Alice and paco be leave alone . just as we find they . in the distance , there be a thousand undead head they way . suddenly there be movement right behind alice !!! she spin , gun in hand , to see -- ( continued ) 105 . continued : lg. touchy ... Alice lower she gun . alice what be you do here ? l.j. shrug . l.j. I hate to fly . CUT to : int . underground - concrete shaft - minute later Alice , paco and l.j. drop down the shaft from the weather Station . they be riding on the hydraulic platform . number paint on the concrete wall let they know that they be 200 foot underground . int . cave the platform come to rest in the natural rock cave . as before , the place be litter with vehicle and high - tech equipment . only now , there be no sign of life . Alice and l.j. cautiously walk the concrete road lead to the large set of blast Doors . the entrance to the complex be open and unguard , Alice and l.j. share a look , then draw they gun . int . the complex - corridor - continuous they enter the giant underground facility . still there be no sign of life . it 's eerie . a large glass sculpture hang from one wall . it be make up of hundred of interlock mirrore cube . Alice stare at she fracture reflection . it can not help but echo she experience in resident evil 1 . alice nunsettle ) stay tight . int , the complex - corridor - junction up ahead , the corridor split in two . both choice be identical except -- ( continued ) 106 . continued : l.j. there .... the leave hand corridor have a trail of blood splash along the floor . like a body be drag . as they draw closer , there be multiple bloody handprint on the wall . evidence of a fight . l.j. ( cont 'd ) what happen here ? int . the complex - briefing room Alice enter the darken room . the light fitting be smashed . there be bullet hole in the wall . blood everywhere , but no body . one of the light fitting be still swinging , give the shadow a menace life of they own . l.j. follow Alice into the room . the eeriness of the place get to he . even paco be restless . Alice nudge l.j. , scare the life out of he . l.j. what ? she point up . there be hole in the ceiling , expose ventilation shaft . there be bloody mark all over they , as if someone or something have drag the body up into the shaft . suddenly there be movement behind they . take both l.j. and Alice by surprise . l.d. turn , fire on instinct . but the bullet go straight through he target . it be a hologram of the White Queen that have suddenly appear , float over the long table . white queen I be sorry . I do not mean to startle you . as before , the White Queen have the appearance , voice and speech pattern of a small child . but she word be that of a powerful artificial Intelligence . l.j . what the fuck be you ? ( continued ) continued : l.j. turn 107 . alice the White Queen . the computer that run this place . she 's a.i. .... modell after the head programmer 's daughter . to Alice . how do she know all this ? Alice shrug . alice ( cont 'd ) iiomet the sister . ( beat ) she be a homicidal bitch . white queen my sister computer be merely follow the most logical path for the preservation of human life . alice kill a few , save a lot . white queen put simply , that be she goal . alice do not quite work out , do it ? white queen we cannot control the vagary of human behavior . l.j . what happen down here ? white queen Doctor isaac return in a infect State . he be bitten by a creature that have be treat with a newly develop serum . ( nod to Alice ) a serum derive from you blood . the result infection have cause massive mutation . alice my blood ? white queen you blood have bond with the T ~ virus . Doctor isaac correctly deduce that it could be use to reverse the process of infection . ( more ) ( continued ) 108 . continued : ( 2 ) white queen ( cont 'd ) to cure or destroy the biohazard for good . l.g . her blood be the cure for all this ? white queen correct . led. ( to Alice ) be not you special . alice why be you talk to we ? white queen like my sister , I be program to preserve human life . my satellite show that there be 1,733,548 human survivor still alive on the surface of the Earth . you blood be pure , and this facility contain all the laboratory equipment you will require to synthesize a cure , alice ( not quite believe it ) this could all end ? white queen correct . led. goddamn !!! white queen there be however .... she choose she next word carefully . white queen ( cont 'd ) + e.s. @ small problem . CUT to : int . the complex - corridor Alice and l.j. stand at a thick steel blast door which seal the corridor . '' level 7 '' be stencill on it . the White Queen appear on a flat screen computer console by the door . { continued ) 109 . continued : white queen I have he contain on the lower level , but this be where the laboratory be locate . l.j. great . white queen once you cross the threshold I can not help you . he alter my protocol , lock I out from this level . alice ( to paco ) you stay here , the little dog do not look happy , but he do as he 's tell . ld. ( hopeful ) what about I ? Alice just smile at he . int . the complex - level 7 we see Alice and l.j. outline in the doorway as the blast door slide up . it 's pitch black in here , as they step over the threshold -- white queen Alice .... ( beat ) +++- good luck . Alice nod and step into the darkness . l.j. follow behind . l.j. ( to Alice ) I do not get good luck ? ( then to himself ) shit , I do not need good luck . ( warming to he theme ) too damn good to need luck .... int . the complex ~ level 7 - corridor Alice and l.j. make they way through a pitch black labyrinth . whatever isaac have mutate into , clearly it do not need light . ( continued ) 110 . continued : both Alice and l.j. carry flashlight but they do little to allay the grow sense of dread . suddenly something move between the camera and the two human , a big black silhouette it scare the hell out of we . l.j. swing he flashlight around , but whatever it be have go . it 's fast as well as big . int . the complex - doctor isaacs laboratory the two enter the darkness of the lab . more than ever , this place resemble a medieval torture chamber . the light fixture be smashed , but there be still power to the computer terminal . they provide a low blue glow that wash over the pile of dead body arrange neatly in the centre of the room . alice someone 's be busy . the body be order in a precise symmetrical pattern , like a pyramid build from the dead . there be a strange twisted intelligence at work here . lid . look at this . l.j. seat himself at one of the terminal . l.j. ( cont 'd ) we be already in the mainframe . he begin to tap at the computer key . l.d. ( cont 'd ) ( surprised ) shit !!! the keypad be cover in sticky , bloody fingerprint . alice can you pull up the security system ? lid. done . a series of c.c.t.v. shot come up . they can monitor the interior of the complex from right here . l.j. ( cont 'd ) and look at this . this motherfucker even get file on we . ( continued ) 111 . continued ; he pull up the security file we see at the start of the movie . they detail Alice , Valentine , carlos , k - Mart etc . each file list they potential " threat level " to umbrella . l.j. ( cont 'd ) like we be '' America 's most want " . l.j. proudly pull up he own file . he be instantly horrify to see he threat level -- it be minimal / zero . l.j. ( cont 'd ) ( outrage ) minimal / Zero ! minimal / zero ! what be this shiti !!! I 'ma badass motherfucker ! I be not no minimal / zero ! but Alice be not listen . alice there ! she have see something move on one of the c.c.t.v. cameras . something in the depth of the lab . amongst the darken cryo - stasis tank . alice ( cont 'd ) I see he . as Alice move off , she slip a earpiece into she leave ear . alice ( cont 'd ) stay here . guide I in . l.d. right . Alice be swallow by the darkness . l.j. look around . now that he be alone , the lab become even more unsettle . l.j. glance at the pile of dead body directly behind he . l.j. ( cont 'd ) right . int , cryo - stasis tank Alice move through the labyrinth of glass . she look up at the tank that surround she . at the dark figure inside . they blond hair hang suspend in the fluid . she be move through a hundred live , breathe replica of herself . ( continued ) 112. continued : alice ( quietly , to herself ) well .... this be fairly strange . int . the complex - doctor isaacs laboratory ~- continuous l.j . what be that ? alice ( 0.s. ) nothing . int . cryo - stasis tank - continuous Alice advance . alert . suddenly there be movement . refracted through the fluid in the tank . alice l.j.? l.j. ( 0.8 . ) he 's up ahead . on you leave . no wait but it 's hard to tell through the confusion of glass and shadow where exactly the movement originate . l.jd . ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) no ... no ... you right . alice which be it ? l.j. ( 0,8 . ) the right . suddenly there be movement behind she . Alice turn , weapon at the ready . but there 's nothing there . we be start to get the feel that perhaps Alice be no longer the hunter . that something be stalking she . alice l.d.? l.j. ( 0.8 . ) I can not tell .... I think .... without warning , isaac be upon she . he move with inhuman speed . strike with unnatural strength . ( continued ) 113 . continued : Alice 's gun go fly . we glimpse isaac in the half light . his mouth and tooth stain with the blood of he victim . he be naked from the waist up . his body impossibly muscular . the kind of definition only a craze body builder on a suicidal diet of steroid could achieve . he have mutate into what the video game describe as a tyrant . the isaac / tyrant charge , but this time Alice be ready . she can not match he strength , but she have the edge on speed . she duck he blow , and in a classic jujitsu move , dislocate he entire arm . but the pop of bone and musculature do not slow the isaac / tyrant one bit . he fling Alice off , and she crash into one of the tank , the glass shatter around she . Alice come up bleed , to see the isaac / tyrant charge again . her hand grope for a shard of broken glass from the cryo-stasis tank , she fling the two foot piece of glass like it be a knife . pan with the gleam shard of glass as it arc through the air like one of Alice 's kukris . it slice through the isaac / tyrant 's shoulder , cut clean through bone and muscle . open up a artery in the process . but before Alice can press she advantage , the water pressure in the damage tank cause the rest of the glass to give way . the body inside fall towards Alice . acting on instinct , Alice catch the body and ease it to the ground . Alice be hold a naked clone of herself in she arm . the clone , freed so abruptly from cryo-stasis , be gasp for air . her body convulse . like a fish out of water . desperate to breathe , but not know how . by the time Alice look up at she foe , the isaac / tyrant be nowhere to be see . int . the complex ~ corridor in the darkness of the corridor , we glimpse the isaac / tyrant . he be cover in a sheen of he own blood , but already the artery itself have stop bleed . the wound seem to be heal of its own accord . ( continued ) 1214 . continued : he take a hold of he dislocate arm and savagely pop it back into place . it 's the kind of thing that Alice could do in resident evil : apocalypse , but the isaac / tyrant seem to feel none of the accompany pain . if anything it almost seem pleasurable for he . int . cryo -stasis tank Alice still hold the mirror image of herself in she arm . the clone convulse massively and she eyelid open . she look straight into the face of Alice . for a moment , there be a flicker of recognition . and then she body give out . the clone die in Alice 's arm . for a moment Alice cradle she own naked self . her skin slick with the fluid from the tank . and then she slowly ease the dead body to the ground . when she look up , Alice 's eye be fill with a murderous rage . int . the complex - corridor Alice enter the corridor where we have glimpse the isaac / tyrant just moment earlier . the creature be nowhere to be see , but the wall be slick with its blood . up ahead , the outline of a door . Alice push it open and step into -~ int . mansion - bathroom tile floor , bathroom fitting make of brass . the shower be run and the washbasin mirror be fogge with condensation . Alice look around in surprise . this be a exact replica of the open of resident evil 1 . for Alice it be like she have step back in time . int . mansion - bedroom Alice see a red dress laid on the bed , a pair of boot stand close by . precisely as she remember it . this be all a exact replica of she own experience . built as part of the " training floor " for the clone . close on ~- a antique write desk . lying on it be a handwritten note . Alice pick it up : ( continued ) 115 , continued : '' today all you dream come true " . CUT to : int , mansion ~ hallway Alice prowl the mansion . hunting for isaac . close on a frame photograph as Alice take it from a side table . it 's of she and the man who pose as she husband in resident evil 1 . suddenly there be movement behind Alice - reflect in the mirrore frame of the photograph . Alice dodge as the isaac / tyrant lunge at she ! his fist go straight through the side table . smashing it to kindling . he strike again , but Alice dodge , a kukri in she hand . she slice deep into the isaac / tyrant 's chest . a long deep wound open up , but there be little blood . beneath he skin , something move . something inhuman . and before Alice 's eye , the wound begins to heal up !! Alice press home she attack , but every slice she make seem to just enrage the tyrant more , and even worse , begin to heal up moment later . the isaac / tyrant backhand Alice send she fly through the air . she land close to the front door of the mansion . close on the kukri ~~ as it tumble from Alice 's hand and embed itself , point first , in the wooden floorboard . close on the isaacs / tyrant -- as he extend he right arm and it split OPEN . the finger peel back like fleshy petal to reveal a mass of scaly tentacles beneath the skin . tentacles that shoot out toward Alice . Alice try to dodge , but in a instant they wrap themselves around she neck ! Alice 's fingertip reach for the kukri . grazing the handle , but unable to get a grip . the tyrant tighten its grip . it be literally strangling the life out of she . Alice 's finger reach for the kukri , but it be hopeless . she be on the verge of pass out . when suddenly Alice change tactic . kick down against the floorboard with tremendous force . ( continued ) 116 . continued : like a see~saw , as one end of the floorboard go down , the other ( hold the kukri ) go up -~ and the kukri be flung into the air . Alice grab it and slice clean through one of the tentacles . the isaac / tyrant bellow in pain and retract the other tentacles . in a instant Alice be free . but now she watch in horror as , like a hydra of myth , the severe tentacle sub - divide and become two more ! isaac / tyrant stare at they and smile . isaacs / tyrant now I have a idea what it feel like +++. to be you . the power , alice you have no idea . close on the tentacles as they launch another attack on Alice . close on Alice as she turn she attention inward . we have see this once before - when she use she psychic power to warp and control the flame at the truck stop . the tentacles have almost reach Alice when suddenly they freeze in mid - AIR . something be hold they in place . then Alice unleash a immense psychic blast . it rip up the floorboard between herself and the tyrant . and when it hit the isaac / tyrant it lift he off the ground and slam he into the mansion wall . the impact be so great that the tyrant be embed in the brickwork . close on alice ~-- as before , the use of such power exhaust she . she fall to she knee . blood run from she right nostril . for a moment there be silence . it seem as though the fight be over . but then the isaac / tyrant pull himself from the wall . plaster and masonry drop all around he . he should be dead , but instead he just laugh . there be something inhuman / insane about the sound . the mutation be warping he intelligence , make he less human by the moment . Alice get back to she foot . she turn she attention inwards again , but before she have a chance -- the isaac / tyrant unleash a psychic blast of he own . and this one be twice the strength of Alice 's . ( continued ) 117 . continued : ( 2 ) Alice be pick off she foot and flung backwards with incredible force . she blast through the mansion door , rip it off its hinge , and be throw into -- int . the hive - glass corridor - continuous the familiar long corridor make entirely of glass . the place where one ( the leader of the commando team ) and the other commando meet they bloody end in resident evil 1 . and now Alice lie bleed on the mirrore floor . the impact of crash through the door should have splinter she bone , liquefy she internal organ . but somehow she still breathes . just . the isaac / tyrant step into the glass corridor . he look down on the shattered frame of Alice with contempt . she seem to be mutter softly to herself . her mind break as well as she body . isaacs / tyrant for so long , I think you be the future . how wrong I be . Alice see the mutation rippling beneath the surface of he skin . the tyrant 's muscle literally grow and bulg . become less human before she eye . isaacs / tyrant ( cont 'd ) I be the future . with superhuman effort , Alice force herself to she foot . she can barely stand . but still she launch a blow against the tyrant . the isaac / tyrant catch it easily . crush she finger , then send she crash backwards with a sledgehammer bliow to she solar-plexus . Alice slide to a halt at the far end of the corridor . defeat , the isaac / tyrant advance on she . Alice can barely raise she head . she be helpless . the isaac / tyrant tower above she . he raise he fist , to deliver the killer blow . alice lid. ...e close on Alice 's walkie . we realize that it be still switch on . this be why she seem to be mutter to herself earlier . ( continued ) 118 . continued : close on Alice , as she make bloody eye contact with the isaac / tyrant . alice ( cont 'd ) see now , the isaac / tyrant turn in surprise as a horizontal beam of laser light shoot down the corridor at high speed . it 's head straight for he . Alice have be deliberately draw he into the glass corridor . lead he into a trap ! in a heartbeat , the thin laser wire switch to a grid . fifty interlock laser line form a deadly net from which there be no escape . isaacs / tyrant no ! but the isaac / tyrant have no time to react as the grid pass straight through he , close on Alice as the laser grid stop barely a inch from she nose . after a moment it disappear completely . close on the isaac / tyrant as the aqueous fluid begin to leak from he eye . a laser line have neatly bisect it , straight through the pupil . slowly , the eye begin to slide apart , follow by the rest of he head . widen to see the isaac / tyrant fall into a hundred perfectly cube piece . Alice watch the isaac / tyrant die exactly as she watch one die in resident evil . she have come full circle . int . the complex - doctor isaacs laboratory - continuous l.j. watch the live video feed of the isaac / tyrant fall to the floor in a hundred fleshy piece , in front of he the computer flash -- laser system deactivate . l.j. have cause the whole thing . he high fives himself . l.j. minimal / zero my ass !!! 119 , int . the hive - glass corridor Alice look down on the smoking piece of the isaac / tyrant . alice yeah .... you be the future alright . cuT to : ariel shot -~- of snow cap mountain . a awesome vista . fill with purity and hope . the helicopter thunder into view . rotor blade chopping through the icy northern air . int . helicopter - cockpit Betty be at the control . confident now . k- Mart sit beside she . she grip the Red Journal in she hand . open to the picture of arcadia - the dream of Alaska . in the cargo hold behind they , the child be sleep . k - Mart stare at the dramatic arctic mountain that lie ahead . they rag peak reflect in the glass of the cockpit . like the rest of the survivor , k - Mart be look into a uncertain future . but one fill with new hope . a future Alice have give they . CUT to : ext . tokyo night . desolate street overrun with the undead . a reminder of the nightmarish life that k - Mart and the other have leave behind . the camera sink beneath the earth , pass through the sewer and the subway until we discover -- int . umbrella japanese facility - conference room a dimly light space fill with gleam high - tech surface . very similar to the one in the complex . as before , dominate the room be a huge representation of the Globe ~ show the umbrella spiderweb of secret basis spread across the five continent . Commander okamoto sit at the head of a polished black conference table . holographic figure at the table represent the other umbrella leader ~- german , English , french , Spanish etc . there be a conspicuous empty space where the holographic image of Doctor isaac would normally sit . ( continued ) 120 . continued ; commander okamoto all attempt to contact the North american complex continue to fail . german envoy how long have they be off the air ? commander okamoto 72 hour . we must consider they lose . okamoto be cold and emotionless . as if he be talk about the loss of he wristwatch . commander okamoto ( cont 'd ) but we plan remain unchange . all data have be transfer to this facility and the research will continue under my personal supervision . I expect result within one month , two at the most ... alice ( interrupt ) oh , you will not have to wait that long boy . much to everyone 's surprise , a holographic image of Alice have appear . take isaac ' empty place at the table . all eye be on she . alice ( cont 'd ) you see , I be come for you .... int . the complex - doctor isaacs laboratory - continuous close on alice . she be in front of a computer terminal . alice +++. and I be go to be bring a few friend .... Alice be flanke by l.j. and paco . but this be not the friend that she be refer to . for as we watch , the camera track back at high speed , past the cryo-stasis tube to reveal - a hundre clone of alice , all beginning to awaken . cut to black .