return to I body { background - color : " # ffffff " ; font -family : courier New , helvetica , san -serif ; font-size :10.0pt } div { position : absolute ; leave :5 px ; top:20 px ; width:734px ; height :500 px ; } #loc { font - family : courier New ; font-size :10.0pt ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:1.2in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left:0.8in;text-transform :uppercase } #slug { font-size : 10.0pt ; font - family : courier New ; font -weight : normal ; margin- top :0in ; margin-right :1.2in ; margin-bottom :0 in ; margin- leave :0.8in ; text - transform : uppercase ; } #act {font-size : 10.0pt ; font -family : courier New ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:1.8in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left :0.8in } #speaker {font-size : 10.0pt ; font -family : courier New ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:1.in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left:2.8in;text-transform :uppercase } #spkdir { font-size : 10.0pt ; font -family : courier New ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:2.7in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left:2.2in } #dia {font-size : 10.0pt ; font -family : courier New ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:2.6in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left :1.6in } # pg { font-size : 10.0pt ; font -family : courier New ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:1.75in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left :6.5 in } #right { font-size : 10.0pt ; font -family : courier New ; font-weight : normal ; margin-top:0in ; margin-right:0.75 in ; margin-bottom:0in ; margin-left :5.0 in } < !-- /* break-out-of-frames script by website abstraction ( https://web-beta.archive.org/web/20160923141531/http://wsabstract.com)/ over 400 + free script here ! above notice must stay entact for use */ if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href / / --> metro-goldwyn-mayer return to I a.k.a. distance call by bonnie hunt and Donald Lake directed by bonnie hunt star : David duchovny ............... Bob rueland minnie Driver ................. Grace Briggs caroll o' connor .............. marty o' Reilly Robert loggia ................. angelo pardipillo bonnie hunt ................... megan dayton David Alan grier .............. Dr. Charles Johnson James belushi ................. Joe dayton **************************** a white screen we sense this be someone 's p.o.v . the white slowly disperse as hint of blue sky peek through . we be descending through the cloud as the evening sunset weave a blanket of orange and red hue over a large CITY which slowly come into focus . float high above the peak and valley of chicago' skyline , as if be mysteriously move to a letter on a ouija board , we be drawn to a unfinish steel -framed skyscraper . the hum of the construction work below fill we ear . gradually , we close in on a small yellow dot that dance on one of the expose beam ... closer still ... just as the detailed crease of a yellow hard hat become evident , it tilt out of frame as the face of the man wear it look up into the sky . bob it 's a shame we have to put roof on them . this be Bob , bob rueland ; late thirty , a confident , handsome man , with a magnetic personality . he walk along the high beam with ease as he make he way to the service elevator . bob ( cont would ) ( yell to guy on lower beam ) it 's look good , Mike . I be outta here ... mike ( yell back ) okay Bob , have fun tonight . bob as always ... CUT to : int . primate house a young woman wear a lab coat exit a side door of the glass enclose structure . this be dr . katherine rueland , early thirty , smart , regal , perfect-posture -pretty . secure the lock on the door behind she , she stop and look through the glass at the large gorilla . use sign language , Katherine encourage the gorilla to eat the food . CUT to : ext . lincoln park zoo we see a man in a lab coat jog through the door of the zoo 's primate House . CUT to : int . primate house - continuous dr . charlie johnson , thirty - five-ish , a fun , personable good - look lady ' man , enter wear a lab coat and carry a clip board . charlie Katherine ... Katherine ? I know I would find you here ... ( to gorilla ) hey , sidney ... ( back to Katherine ) I need you signature to change the polar 's diet ... ( hand she a clip board ) and it 's already five , I will check in on the calf . you go home and get ready . katherine oh , thanks Chuck . ( think out loud ) Bob 's pick up my dress ... I have stocking ... I have to take mel to the park for a quick run , my hair , make - up ... charlie see what this lady do for you , sidney ? Katherine laugh and press she hand against the glass . Sydney return the gesture , press he palm against hers . katherine look at he Charlie , we would go nut in a place this small ... charlie I know ... but we be get there . ( friendly pat on the back ) pour on the guilt during you speech ... Charlie open the door for Katherine as they walk out of the building . katherine I intend to . who be you bring tonight ? charlie have not decide yet . still get two hour . the door close behind they . CUT to : a door open into ... int . bob and katherine's apartment a upscale old fashioned brownstone , with large room and hardwood floor . scatter antique rug ... classy but comfortable . Bob enter with they dog , " mel " , a yellow lab , unhook the dog 's leash and slip out of he wet trench coat . he 's perfectly handsome in he tuxedo . grabbing a old towel from the hat stand , he dry off mel . bob ( walk to the kitchen ) I know you be hungry ... mel follow Bob half way down the hall then turn back and sit at the front door . Bob lean back into the hall , watch mel ... bob ( cont would ) she will be home any minute . we hear a electric can opener ... mel look towards the kitchen -- but he wait for Katherine . we hear a set of keys in the door . mel 's tail start a-wagging . Katherine enter , mel whimper with delight . Katherine immediately bend down to greet he . katherine ( dog talk ) hi , my baby , you be such a good boy . ( mel kiss she face ) oh , I know , I love you too . bob ( o.c ) hey , Babe . katherine hey , honey . it 's pour out . you get my dress ? Bob come down the hall out of the kitchen . Katherine be take off she shoe . bob yep , and I take mel out . katherine ( look up ) in you tux ? ( notice ) you pant leg be soak . Bob disappear into the bathroom off the hall . bob yeah . ( he lean back with a blow dryer aim at he ankle ) tell mel to eat . katherine ( dog 's right next to she ) mel honey , eat . mel immediately head for the kitchen . Katherine walk up to Bob , watch he blow drying he pant leg . she grab he face and kiss he . katherine ( cont would ) you be cute . bob you spend all day with a ape , what do you expect ? Katherine smack he on the butt . CUT to : a black screen we hear the sound of a slide projector . click -click . up on : a slide of a large gorilla , eat a dish of pasta with he hand , fill the screen . we hear polite laughter , from a large group of people . katherine be voice , speak softly into a microphone ... katherine ( v.o . ) as you can see in this photo of Sydney , he be sometimes " too much " like man . more laughter . pull out to reveal we be at ... int . ambassador HOTEL - ballroom - night a black tie affair in full swing . the annual " art dinner " ( Animal 's right to survive ) have once again attract Chicago 's " upper crust " and young hopeful . click-click . another slide , fill the screen . this time , it be of sydney and bob rueland . katherine ( v.o . ) over the last ten year , Sydney have become part of the family . here , he 's show he flash card to my husband . my husband be the one on the leave . even more laughter . CUT to : the audience bob smile at that around he . one gentleman teasingly pat he on the back . Bob look up at the stage to he wife , with a playful " thanks a lot " look . reverse angle katherine , minus the lab coat , in a lovely black evening dress , smile affectionately at bob. she click on the next slide . on the large screen next to she , we now see a photograph show the small area that Sydney be force to live in . katherine tonight , I be hope I would be able to announce that we have reach we financial goal for the expansion we so desperately need , but unfortunately , we be not award the grant . a murmur of disgust and disappointment from the crowd . katherine ( cont would ) but with one more year of fund raise , along with the money we have raise here tonight , lincoln Park Zoo will soon be able to expand the primate House to triple its size . applause . katherine ( cont would ) and I assure you , my dear friend Sydney and he family be very excited for construction to begin . Katherine click another slide up onto the screen ; sydney and a group of gorillas , all wear hard hat . laughter from the crowd mix with a sympathetic " ahhh " . katherine ( cont would ) thank you all for you tremendous support . enjoy the evening . Katherine receive a generous round of applause as she leave the stage . the last slide of Sydney still shine on the sway screen . a conductor /m.c. step up to the microphone . conductor thank you , Dr. rueland . now lady and gentleman , tonight 's very special guest , Mr. tony bennett !!! applause . tony bennett step out onto the stage ... tony bennett thank you very much . I be thrilled to be here tonight . it 's a honor to be a part of such a noble effort on behalf of the animal . ( indicate the band ) the boy and I have work up a little something special for you ... with a wave of tony 's arm ... the band kick into a jazze up version of " in the jungle " . tony bennett ( cont would ) ( singing ) in the jungle , the migh-ty jungle , the lion sleep tonight ... oh , in the ... CUT to : int . ST . mary hospital room - same evening a young woman lie in bed . a well care for plant bloom on the night stand , behind it , a small easel hold a half finish watercolor . poster of famous european city decorate the wall . we get the sense this room have be she home for a month or so . the patient be grace brigg , late twenty . a attractive , shy and frail woman . Grace barely respond as she best friend , megan dayton , seat in the chair next to the bed , read a cosmo quiz aloud from the magazine . megan be it most important that a man be , a : polite to you family and friend ? B : can handle finances well ? or C : will take care of you when you be ill ? well , I guess you answer be definitely c. megan check a box . Grace smile . megan ( cont would ) what do you expect most from a relationship ? a : companionship ? B : sex ? C : respect ? I would have to go with B , sex . but let 's mark " C " so we get a higher score . this be pathetic , I be cheating on a magazine quiz . Grace stir a little . megan immediately get up and lean over the bed to hear anything Grace may say . megan ( cont would ) what ? what be it ? what d'ya need ? you back ? move the pillow ? you neck ? grace ( whisper ) rosebud . megan very funny . grace I just want some water . megan hold a paper cup of water and bend the straw to Grace 's mouth . we see the great amount of effort it take for Grace to drink the water . grace ( cont would ) thanks . megan would you like I to bring the check or will you be order dessert ? grace megan , you can go home , y'a know . megan to what ? I do not have cable , you do . grace what about Joe and the kid ? megan he like I more when I be not around . and the kid like I a lot more after they have be alone with Joe . ( smoothing Grace 's blanket ) it 's good for he to be with the kid when they be come down from the sugar . he usually fuel them up and then they go through de - tox on my shift . dr . senderak , enter and very business like , open Grace 's chart . dr . senderak lady ... grace hey , Dr. senderak . the Doctor go to switch place with megan , who move out of the way , careful not to knock into any of the i.v. stand or monitor ; they have do this dance a million time . dr . senderak ( scan Grace 's chart ) you be about the same , hematocrit 16 , sma 20 ... some thing be a bit low but that 's to be expect . we be enter borrow time . the most important thing now Grace be rest , you need to rest . ( put chart under he arm ) I will see you tomorrow . as the doctor exit ... megan Doctor , why do not you give she you heart ? you be not use it . dr . senderak good evening , lady . grace ( scolding ) megan . megan what ? I wish he would do ... something . grace he can not . even if a heart 's available , they will not give it to I . I just have my grandpa pressure they . I have no husband , no child . I may never get a heart . megan listen , tin man . you have get I . I be pressure they . grace thanks , meg. megan ( fix bed sheet ) you will get a new heart and before you know it , you will be back in you garden , you will be painting ... you will be get ask out by the most fantastic man ... grace I be get a new heart , not a new ass . megan my point be , you will be out do thing you be never able to do , riding a bike ... ( look at the poster ) travel , painting in Europe ... grace it 's too late , megan . I be too old . I be twenty -seven . my mother 's heart give up by twenty - five . I have be sick too long ... ( quietly ) promise I you will take care of my grandpa ... megan twenty -seven be not old . I be thirty - three ... four ... five -- whatever . do you consider I old ? grace yes . CUT to : int . ambassador HOTEL - ballroom - night in the b.g. , we hear tony bennett and the band still " sing - and-a-swinging " . Bob leave the bar with a drink in both hand , hope to avoid conversation with the " stuff shirt " in the crowd , especially the long wind mr. bennington , who he spot head in he direction . Bob casually try to get away ... bob Excuse I ... Excuse I ... pardon I ... mr . bennington ( o.s. ) bob. Bob rueland ! Bob wince , he do not make it . he turn to face bennington , a large , red -face " stuff shirt " . bob ( fake surprise ) oh , hi Mr. bennington , I do not see you or I would have stop and say hello . mr . bennington Katherine 's speech be wonderful . I suppose she tell you about the sizable donation Mrs. bennington and I give this year ... anonymously of course . bob of course ... very generous , as always . ( indicate the two drink ) I will let Katherine know you be here ... Bob turn to leave ... mr . bennington we also give quite a chunk to some rain forest gimmick . bob ( politely ) really ? Bob spot Katherine . she be also entangle in a " polite conversation " . they eye meet . Bob still melt when he look at she . he smile . Katherine smile back , then give a little pout . mr . bennington next thing I know , we be on safari . cute story ... the Mrs. and I be out in the boony ... Charlie and a " big hare , big breasted , big lipped date " walk by . bob hey , Chuck ! Charlie see who Bob be stick with , grin and keep walk . charlie Bob ... Mr. bennington ... ( he date dance to " in the jungle " ) she love this song ... ( join the refrain with she ) aweemaway-aweemaway-aweemaway-aweemaway ... ( to Bob and Mr. B. ) I will catch you later ... Charlie 's date tap he shoulder . big hair I be go to run up and put on a little more lipstick ... bob be that possible ? Big Hair giggle . charlie I will go with you ... big hair to the lady room ? silly . she giggle again and run off , Charlie follow , Bob stop he . bob wait , Charlie , you have some news for Mr. B. here , do not ya ? charlie I do not have any ... bob I be sorry . I should not have ruin the surprise . ( to Mr. bennington ) it 's because of you donation and all ... Charlie 's put a picture of you up in the monkey house . Charlie almost do a spit take with he drink . mr . bennington ( very flatter ) really ? thank you , Charlie . charlie ( miserably play along ) well , it be just a think , I would have to run it by Katherine . she 's the boss . bob ( as he walk away ) you two obviously have a lot to discuss ... charlie ( flatly ) uh-huh . we follow Bob across the ballroom floor to the Band . he stop for a moment , hand a note to the conductor . CUT to : int . grace's hospital room megan fluff Grace 's pillow . megan Close you eye , rest . I will read you to sleep or tell you about my day , either one will knock you out . grace ( close she eye ) I do not want to sleep . megan you hear what Dr. congeniality say ... you need to rest . grace Fine , I will rest but I do not want to sleep . megan okay . grace I want to stay awake . ( pause ) I be afraid to sleep . megan then we will stay up . megan tuck the blanket around Grace , who fade off to sleep . megan switch on the television , hit the " mute " button , reach in she pocket and pull out a rosary . she silently pray as we ... CUT to : int . ambassador HOTEL - ballroom Bob tap Katherine on the opposite shoulder so she look the wrong way , then surprise she on the other side . she smile . he kiss she on the cheek . katherine ( to Bob ) hey , stranger . ( back to the couple ) celia , Mike , you know my husband , Bob . they exchange hello 's . mike ( to Bob ) you keep design that high rise , we will not be able to see the lake . bob well , that 's my evil " master plan " . mike we be just tell Katherine about we place in Italy . bob ah , Italy , I think you " get -away " be in St. bart ? celia it be . this be we vacation place . bob ( oh brother ) my mistake . well , I would take Italy any time of the year . katherine do not start . bob we be suppose to go there for we honeymoon . ( teasing Katherine ) but we do not think Sydney could tolerate the flight . katherine I promise we will go to Italy . bob well that 's big . that 's a promise . I will take that . mike where be you vacation this year ? bob we be go to one of that water theme park for the weekend . celia ... that will be nice . katherine he 's kid , celia . celia ( deadpan ) that 's funny . bob well , I promise Katherine we would dance tonight , so if you will excuse we . Bob and Katherine walk towards the dance floor . she rest she head on he shoulder as they walk . katherine I be not dance to " in the jungle " so forget it . bob Fine , then the next dance . c'mon , you can stand on my foot . Charlie pass by with Mr. bennington and " Big Hair " . mr . bennington so I grab the spear and she grab she hot roller ... big hair I have that ... Charlie shoot Bob a look as they continue walk and bennington continue talk . katherine ( defeat ) we really need that grant . bob I know , honey . I be sorry . ( cupping she face in he hand ) smile . they reach the dance floor . Bob look off toward tony bennett , swinging int a big finish for " in the jungle " . katherine be not you upset for I ? Bob immediately return he attention to Katherine . bob of course I be . I just hate see you disappointed . ( playfully ) so stop it . Katherine laugh , in spite of herself . katherine poor Sydney ... another year in that little space ... bob you promise I Italy , I promise Sydney a new home . " in the jungle " end . the orchestra begin a new song , " return to I " . Katherine 's mood immediately change . this be they song . katherine ( sweetly ) Bob ... they dance off onto the crowded ballroom floor . fade out . up on : int . northwestern memorial hospital - emergency entrance - same evening . bam ! the emergency door swing open . a trauma team , frantically work to save a young woman be life as they guide the gurney down the hall at top speed . her husband run along side , hold tightly on to she hand ; he tuxedo be splatter with blood . we recognize he , it 's bob rueland . nurse female , thirty - four . car accident . no seat belt . hit on right side ; head trauma . ems say she be unconscious at the scene . b/p 90 over 40 . pulse be erratic . respiration , 10 . bob you be go to be fine , honey . you be go to be fine ... Kay , can you hear I ? honey ? you be go to be fine . doctor # 1 let 's get another ringers lactate hang . increase the drip . call whestfall to scrub . what 's she pressure now ? nurse 80 - 40 and drop . she 's taching . bob you be go to be fine , Kay ... doctor # 2 we may have internal bleed . doctor # 1 let 's get a type and cross match . bob ( to doctor ) what 's happen ? ( desperately ) I love you , Katherine . doctor # 2 pupil still not reactive . doctor #1 5 mge of epi , stat . nurse ( to Bob ) do she have any allergy : bob no. Doors swing open to the operating room at the end of the hall . the gurney with Katherine and the trauma team disappear into the o.r . a nurse stop Bob . nurse I be sorry , you be not allow in the operate room . the operate room door swing shut . Bob stand in the hallway ... completely alone . CUT to : close - up - a dark red bubbling liquid a latex glove hand come into frame , reach into the red abyss and fish out a large unpeel tomato . we pull back , revealing ... the glove hand belong to marty o'rielly , a cherubic , jovial man , in he early seventies . we be ... int . oxrielly italian restaurant - kitchen - same evening the camera follows the spoon as marty artistically put the perfect amount of pomodoro ( tomato ) sauce on to the wait dish of capellini pasta . marty ( with a irish brogue ) adiamo ! while it 's hot ... angelo ! in the far corner of the kitchen , we find angelo pardipillo , late sixty , chopping tomato while take phone order . marty ( cont would ) ( pull off he glove ) I will do 'er me-self . angelo cup the phone under he chin and reach for the plate . angelo I get it . marty I already take I mitten off ! marty carry the plate towards the swinging kitchen door that open to the restaurant . we catch a glimpse of the small dining room on the other side . marty ( cont would ) I do this and you get I three Chicken vesuvio 's . angelo I already serve them . a phone ring . it 's tone be different . both man freeze . they look at the one phone , none of the line be light . in unison , they head immediately turn to this other phone . this phone have no dial on it . a piece of aluminum foil , cut out in the shape of a heart be tape above it . they stare at it , half expect it to shake when it ring . marty drop the plate of capellini ; the pomodoro sauce splashes up on to he apron . he attempt to run to the phone , but the sauce have make the floor slippery . angelo grab marty 's arm and they both " skate " to the phone . marty ( into phone ) Grace . oh my soul ! I be on I way ! angelo ( like a kid ) can I say hello ? marty toss the phone to angelo , then " skate " over to he hat ... marty bless be God . Saints be praise . call everyone ! ... and he 's out the door . angelo ( into phone ) ciao , Grace ... you gotta heart , huh ? that 's a-nice . I hope it 's a big one ! CUT to : int . ST . joseph' hospital - same evening marty , still in he apron , he fedora hat atop he head , run through the lobby towards the elevator . several nurse notice he in he red splatter apron and run to he aid . nurse okay , sir , calm down . we need to get you to the emergency room . he look down at he apron . marty it 's pomodoro sauce . he reach the elevator and step in , just as its door be close . a beat . the door open . marty step out , glance around . the nurse be still watch he . he smile . marty ( cont would ) I forget to press the button . he step back in . the door close . a beat . they open . marty step out onto ... grace's floor . he run down the hall . two orderlies be wheeling Grace out of she room on a gurney . megan be at she side . Dr. senderak be fill out paper work that a nurse be hand he . marty eagerly join the procession , take Grace 's hand . grace grandpa , if I do not make it ... marty you will make it . I pray for the heart , you gotta it . now we will pray that it fit . grace I love you . thank you for always take care of I . megan be sobbing . Grace turn to she . grace ( cont would ) do not you have a joke ? megan no ... marty I be not go to tell you I love you now , I will tell you when you come out . grace okay , grandpa . megan I love you . grace ( teasing ) you do not think I " m go to make it ? megan ( wiping she eye ) no , of course not . I just ... you be my best friend ... I love you . there , I say it again , that will cancel out the first one . and I love you Doctor and you nurse lady ... ( to Grace ) there , feel better ? the medical staff wheel grace be gurney into the elevator . megan and marty wait behind . grace pray , grandpa . as the door be close ... marty ( softly ) I love you . fade out . up on : int . bob' apartment - later - same evening the door open , Bob enter , he right arm in a cast and sling ; several small bandage on he face , stitches on he forehead . Charlie walk in after Bob . they both stand in silence . Charlie pet mel . Bob " go through the motion " of take off he crumpled tuxedo jacket . charlie you be sure you do not want I to stay ? bob I have to take mel out . charlie he 's be out . I leave the hospital a few hour ago and come by , take he to the park ... bob ( vaguely remember ) oh , yeah ... Bob , still on " auto- pilot " walk into the kitchen . he fill the dog dish , glance around the kitchen -- everything be Katherine . his eye stop at a note on the fridge . it read : " bob , honey , please pick up my black dress at the cleaners . love , love , love you , k . " Bob take the note in he hand , run he finger over she write , then carefully place it back on the exact same spot . Charlie observe ... should he stay ? should he go ? charlie I be go to stay . bob no , please , go home . I really just need to be alone . a painful silence . two grow man , be as stoic as humanly possible . charlie Bob , I do not know what to say . Bob just nod , appreciate Charlie 's intent . charlie ( cont would ) I will pick you parent up at the airport in the morning . bob thanks . charlie okay ... Bob struggle to hold it together . Charlie walk to the door , stop , then go back and hug Bob . charlie ( cont would ) call if you need I . I be here in two minute . Charlie leave , close the door behind he . Bob walk over and flip the lock . he wander over to the sofa , sit right in the middle , probably a spot he 's never sit in before . mel follow , then stop --turn , and go back to the front door . he wag he tail slowly . bob ( cont would ) she 's not come home , mel . mel lie flat against the door with a whimper . Bob walk over and hug mel , who nuzzle he ... as Bob collapse on the floor in tear , we ... CUT to : int . ST . joseph' hospital - later - same evening o.r. waiting room in the b.g. , we hear italian music . the small room be crowded with italian of all age and size ... angelo be busy offer everyone lasagna off a tray . kide play tag amongst the sea of leg . two young guy lean up against the wall and light a smoke . a older woman bee-line over and knock the cigarettes out of they hand . megan be gather she kid . let 's see , she 's get joey , nine , patrick , seven , kevin , eighteen month , bridgette , three ... who be miss ? tommy , five . she find he . he 's drink wine out of a Dixie cup . megan Thomas -martin - dayton give I that ! ( she take it , drink it ) okay , get you coat , daddy 's take you home . joe ! we see joe , megan 's husband ; late thirty , a husky Chicago fireman , he too have a Dixie cup and be talk with some folk . joe what ? geeze . megan get the kid home ! it 's one in the morning . joe I be go , I be go . c'mon Tommy , get you brother . tommy I want to stay and see the new heart . joe we will see it when she come home . angelo megan , where 's marty : megan ( look up to find she dad ) be he with my dad ? we see megan 's father , emmett mcfadden , marty 's best friend , sit alone in the corner spin he fedora hat around and around by the brim . he look up at megan and nod he head in the direction of the hospital chapel at the end of the hall . CUT to : int . hospital chapel a small chapel , only six pews , three on each side . in the center above the alter , a colorful handmade mosaic . Light flicker from the row of votive candle near the alter . a dim light spill in from the hallway through the crucifix - shape window on the chapel 's wooden door . we find marty , kneel in the last pew . pray . CUT to : mario lanza 's sorriento roma , a operatic ballad begin , take we emotionally through the follow ... montage : int . operating room the automatic door slide OPEN . a transport medic carry a small igloo cooler , label " human tissue " and set it down on the waist- high stainless steel table to the leave of the surgeon . a overhead view show a number of medical personnel work perfectly as a team . grace be lie on the operate table , drape in surgical cloth . close - up grace's face , a peaceful expression ; where be she ? int . hospital chapel marty , lighting a candle , he lip move in prayer . int . operating room the team of surgeon position themselves around grace be body , obstruct we view . int . bob' apartment Bob , in the same spot we leave he , be now asleep at the door with mel . int . hospital hallway a janitor polish the floor of a empty hallway with a large electric buffer . int . operating room close - up of the respirator , near Grace , as the white accordion bag go up and down rhythmically . int . hospital - waiting room the small room once fill with relative and child be now just megan and angelo , wait . Joe enter with coffee . int . operating room the enormous amount of surgical instrument , that new , that use ; all monitor by the surgical team nurse . doctor , they face intensely focus on they incredible task . ext . hospital - dawn the morning SUN reflect off the window of the hospital . int . hospital - waiting room megan sleep on a snore Joe 's shoulder . angelo lie across several chair , sleep . int . hospital chapel marty , still praying . int . operating room a doctor look to the heart monitor . close - up of heart monitor , flat line ... int . hospital chapel marty kneel in front of the statue of the bless virgin Mary , still praying . int . operating room close - up of the heart monitor , flat line turn into the first pulse . int . bob rueland apartment Bob be still sound asleep on the floor near the door with mel . with the first beat of the heart " something " stir he a bit , almost waking he ... Bob 's eye open ... we hold on bob a second ... mario lanza 's last dramatic note be hold , as we ... fade out : black screen . int . oxrielly italian restaurant - ( one year later ) marty walk past the back window carry a loaf of bread . he stop and glance into the back courtyard and smile . over marty' shoulder through the back window we see Grace , in the garden gather fresh cut flower . she 's wear a summer dress , garden glove and a apron which she cup upwards to carry the flower in . the once fragile Grace be now healthy , vibrant and glow . marty he can not sing . marty turn away and take we to the bar in the dining room . angelo then how come he 's get such a big band ? wally to drow he out . seat at the far end of the dining room enjoy they pre-open cappuccino be angelo ; and retire pal , emmett , whom we meet at the hospital and wally jayczaski , seventy -ish , a former t.v. repair man . they be smoking cigarettes or puffing on cigar and involved in yet another heat discussion . emmett hey , wally , stay outta this . how many famous Polish singer be there ? wally I have two word for you ; Bobby vinton the group let out a groan . wally ( cont would ) ( back to emmett ) yeah , well , what have you get ? the irish rover ? emmett Three word ; mister-bing-crosby . angelo he beat he kid . emmett do not mean he could not sing . Sinatra beat up everybody . angelo Frank do not . his people do . marty Dean never hit anyone . wally only Jerry . but he be ask for it . they all agree . angelo Point be , we get Frank , Dean , tony bennett , perry como , pavarotti , mario lanza - how much time you get ? Grace approach they table . the man , in unison , extinguish they smoke , a familiar routine which Grace be completely unaware of . the man all respectfully stand for the lady - it 's second nature for they generation . she place the remain flower in the vase on they table . wally Grace , you want I to take you kid to the zoo in the caddy ? grace thanks wally , we be riding we bike . emmett ( to Grace ) settle something for we , best male singer ? grace Dean Martin . angelo Frank . marty Dean . angelo pavarotti . emmett Bing . wally Bobby . the group groan , again . marty wrap plastic fork and knife in napkin and tuck they into a picnic basket . Grace walk behind the bar , slip she apron off over she head and look beyond the whiskey bottle into the mirror . take a make - up cover stick out of she pocket , she conceal the top portion of the long scar expose near the v-neck of she dress . marty notice and shake he head . marty Grace it 's be over a year . you can hardly see 'er anymore . grace Nice try , grandpa . marty you be beautiful , lassie , no one will notice y're chest . grace ( under she breath ) thanks a lot . marty walk over to the guy table , spin a chair around and straddle it . angelo outta respect , we should mention sammy . I mean , he only have one eye . emmett he be irish , ya know . wally you mean jewish . emmett whatever ... something do not fit . angelo that be he gimmick . all the great have them . as ally approach the table the gentleman all stand again . Grace take the salt and pepper off the table and place they in the basket and exit through the back door . CUT to : ext . courtyard - continuous Grace pull she rickety bike out from under the porch step , secure the picnic basket to the front handle bar . she hop on the bike , pedal out the court yard and down the city street . CUT to : ext . construction site - lincoln park zoo - same day establishing shot of the new gorilla habitat under construction . Bob storm out from behind a plywood barricade decorate with poster advertising Sydney 's new home . he be follow closely by two foremen ; jeff , the young , and mike , a older , journey - man type . the once charming and laid back Bob be now ... bob ( snap ) we need that cement pour yesterday ! jeff I have to wait on the welder . bob why ? jeff I be at they mercy , Bob . you know that . Bob 's cell phone ring . he flip it open . bob ( into phone ) yeah ... I will be there by three . uh-huh ... without a miss a beat , he close , the phone and be back in Jeff 's face ... bob ( cont would ) bullshit . you be not push you guy hard enough . jeff Bob , my guy work eighteen hour yesterday ! bob at time and a half , I be cry for ya . they pass a truck where workmen be unload supplies . Jeff stop to help . some of the man have overhear he conversation with Bob and roll they eye . Bob and Mike continue walk ... mike for christsake , you have the best guy work here . you do not want they walk . bob I do not give a shit , Mike . they enter a temporary office trailer . a sign on the door , with big bold letter , read : rueland design . CUT to : int . - construction trailer - continuous Bob sit behind he desk , cluttere with blueprint , stack of invoice , fast food wrapper and the odd coffee cup . Mike take a seat at the opposite end of the trailer and light up a smoke . silence , except for the ' humm ' from the machine and jack hammer in the b.g. Bob run he hand through he hair and shake off a yawn . Mike , watch he young friend , take a long drag on he smoke ; this time he 's go to say something . mike Bob , you have to slow down . you be work too hard . bob ( sick of hearing it ) yeah , well ... whatever . you should quit smoking . mike ( take a puff ) I have . several time . Bob unroll a set of blueprint on he desk . his cell phone ring . he flip it open and press it against he ear with he shoulder , as he struggle to keep the blueprint from roll close . Mike do not make any effort to help . bob ( into phone ) rueland ... hey , Charlie ... it 's just waste space right now ... ( let the blueprint roll close ) tell they , it 's only a extra fifty foot ... towards the lion House ... yeah well they tell we we could not have the waterfall and the pipe be be laid for that ... then I will tell them ... the trailer door open . Jeff stick he head in . jeff ( to Bob ) you want more mortar throw in there tomorrow ? Bob shake he head ' yes ' . bob ( snap at Jeff ) you do not know the answer to that ? ( back into phone ) what ? I be walk over right now . he hang up the phone . mike ( put out he smoke ) do not forget , you be on wabash at three o'clock . New beam go in . bob yep . Bob 's out the door . CUT to : ext . lincoln park zoo - continuous around a lamp post , secure by one chain , we see Grace 's bike , and five other , two with training wheel . Bob 's leg cross through frame and then stop . we pan up , Bob be stare up at the old primate House . in the b.g. we see grace , megan and the kide , walk towards the primate House . megan be do she best to keep the group together . Grace be hold tightly on to Tommy 's hand , while in she other , she hold he batman wallet . the stroller be childless , yet full of discard sweatshirt , a picnic basket and a stuff dolphin . Bob make a definite leave , avoid the primate House ... but then stop , and turn back -- after a deep breath , he decide to go in ... CUT to : int . primate house - continuous a dark , cavernous building , paint to look like a jungle . the excitement of the spectator echoe off the tile wall . Bob let the door close behind he , shutting the sunlight out , as he slowly enter this very familiar territory . he walk over to the enclose , gorilla habitat . sydney be sit in the corner , face the wall , ignore everyone . display at the front of the exhibit be small photograph and a brief history of each gorilla . Bob look over the different photo , stop at the one on Sydney . Sydney 's bio read : " sydney , fifteen year old . taught sign language in 1990 by dr . katherine rueland . you can say hello to sydney by do the following ... " a diagram of two hand illustrate the sign language symbol for " h " and " I " . Bob look up , observe the child try to say " hello " to Sydney . he brushes he finger over Katherine 's name on the display , turn and leave . just as Bob reach for the door , it be pull open by megan , ushere the kid in . the sunlight temporarily blind Bob , who quickly avert he eye . as he reach for he sunglass ... Grace and Tommy enter , pass Bob as he put on he sunglass . Bob and Grace be so close ... Bob slightly brushes against Grace 's arm as he pass she . Grace sigh , and lightly touch she heart . she squeeze a little tighter onto Tommy 's hand ... tommy aunt Grace , be you okay ? the door close behind they . grace ( with a confuse look ) yes . ( hand on heart ) whatever it be , it do not hurt . Grace and Tommy catch up with megan and kid ... Little Kevin , yell . megan ( try to calm he ) it probably fall out of the stroller ... ( to Grace ) his dolphin ... grace I will go look for it . megan no , I will do it . CUT to : ext . primate house - continuous Bob , with the door just close behind he , step forward and on to a small stuff dolphin , which squeak . Bob jump . the door open and a woman' hand come out ... megan ( to Bob ) Excuse I , I be sorry ... ( point to dolphin ) if that be not yours , I think I know who it belong to . megan pick up the dolphin and walk back into the primate House . Bob say nothing and walk away . CUT to : int . primate house - continuous megan give the dolphin to Kevin , whose tear dry instantly . Grace read Sydney 's plaque and show the kid how to do the " sign " for " hi " . they be right next to the glass ... Sydney , shifting he weight to get comfortable , notice the kid do the signing . he frantically run around the cage once , then swing from a dangling tire . everyone howl with delight . grace ( be : the gorilla cage ) they should have more space . hi , Sydney . Grace join the other , do the sign language for " hi " . Sydney waddle over closer to the glass and Grace . joey look Mom , he like we . megan do not he remind you of daddy ? the kid all giggle and agree . Sydney stare at Grace , then put the palm of he hand against the glass . he study she face . Grace reach out , press she palm against he through the glass . grace he 's so sweet . CUT to : int . administration bldg . lincoln park zoo - moment later Bob pace as three men in suit sit at the other end of a conference table , behind they on the wall hang several artist rendition of the new gorilla habitat . Charlie lean against the wall behind Bob . one of the " suit " be wear glass and go over some papers . suit # 1 we approve one large artificial tree to be plant in the habitat , fifty more foot be not approve . bob first of all , artificial tree be not " plant " ... and why build a tree when two real tree be already there ? suit # 1 slow down , we be just ask you to stick with the original plan . we be give they the tire , you whole elaborate jungle - gym-pipe - thingamajig and a fake tree . suit # 2 Bob , we have give you total freedom since the zone be approve ... bob so why stop now ? c'mon guy , it 's just fifty foot ... and we can build around the oak tree , real - full - grow - sturdy oak come right out of the top of the structure . all that from just fifty extra foot . suit # 1 we would like to use that fifty foot for a souvenir shop ... bob ohmigod , guy , you be a Zoo . be not it better for the gorilla to have a " real " tree ? Charlie ? charlie yes , definitely ... bob because I seriously doubt the gorilla would even know how to sell the souvenir , then there 's the training involved ... the computer registrar , time-card ... suit # 2 okay Bob , you have make you point . but we have give in on enough ... bob ( take control ) guy here 's the deal . my wife want this building up two year ago . so the way I look at it , we be already behind schedule . you give I that fifty foot so I can build around the real tree and I will finish the job within the month so you can have it open at the beginning of summer . suit # 2 ( consider - look at blueprint ) one real tree enclose would still leave we with ... bob and I will personally design and build a souvenir shop that will fit in the space that 's leave ... the man all close they folder ... suit # 1 it 's a deal . the man get up and leave the room very pleased . Bob and Charlie stand there a beat , stunne . charlie wow . beat . bob do they know that be go to happen ? CUT to : ext . CITY STREET - day - we follow Grace , she stop at a mailbox and pull a wear pale pink envelope from she basket . she open the mail box and peer inside , then at she letter ... she put the letter back into a rip in she coat lining , she give it a secure pat and pedal away ... only to make a u-turn . she immediately return to the mailbox , take the letter out of she coat , close she eye , take a deep breath and drop the letter into the mailbox . we see it be address to : donor liaison . CUT to : int . high school gymnasium - night Bob have aggressively take control of a pick - up game of basketball . a few guy be holler " pass " but Bob do not hear they . he 's take it upon himself to bring the ball up the court for the final shot . Charlie stop run , why bother , Bob have forget he have teammate . Bob drive through the key and past a few member of the other team , dunking the last basket . charlie game . everyone head for the bench . a couple of guy mention they be go to the ale house . charlie ( cont would ) come on , come out tonight ... bob nope ... charlie just have a beer with the guy once , do not worry , none of they will talk to you , they all think you be nut ... bob you be sure you will not have some woman " accidentally " join we . charlie I do that once ... twice . but I will not tonight , because Friday night , I have someone very special ... bob ( wave he hand ) forget it , Chuck . charlie she have a great body . a attorney . great body , very attractive , great body ... I would date she myself but I be with she sister once ... bob uh-huh ... charlie ( cont would ) you will like she . she love animal , she cat be a patient of mine . bob I be a dog person ... Bob walk away . charlie ( watch Bob ignore he ) oh that 's nice , just walk away , go ahead , run away ... ( yell ) I be you only friend -- you know that ? I be try to help you ... Bob deliberately walk back to Charlie ... bob ( control , but angry ) you want to help I , Charlie - - stop try to ' help ' I ... let I at least enjoy my heartache ... charlie what kind of twisted argument be that ? bob and stop be such a jerk at the zoo . charlie ( totally confuse ) what ? bob do not just stand around , speak up . initiate something . fight one of the battle . you want to help I , Charlie ? then help I get it do -- for Katherine . charlie then what ? as Bob turn and walk back to the locker ... CUT to : ext . bob' apartment - later same evening a teenage boy , wear roller blade , negotiate the step . he 's come down very slowly backwards , hang onto the cement stoop for balance . this be danny , the dog walker . unbeknownst to Danny , Bob , carry he gym bag and a small scale model of Sydney 's new home , walk up behind he . bob ( notice the blade ) Danny , you get them . danny ( turn to quickly ) oh , geeze ... ( turn back , cling to the stoop ) yeah . I just take mel out . bob thanks pal . how 's you math come ? Danny life right next door , he climb over the front stoop to he place . danny great , get a " C " on my last test . bob alright ! ( they do a high five over the stoop ) I will give you a raise if you can get it to a " B " . danny " C " plus ? bob deal . as Danny walk on the side of he foot into he apartment ... CUT to : int . bob' apartment - continuous the apartment , now lack the " woman 's touch " , be unkempt and disorganize . mel be sleep against the front door , barely budging when Bob push the door open . mel just kind of slide with it . bob hey , mel , any call ? Bob pick up he scattered mail beneath the mail slot . he casually toss the mail next to the phone , then sit at the coffee table turn the model from side to side view it from each angle ... bob ( to mel ) ya hungry ? Bob walk down the hall to the kitchen . mel follow half way then turn and go back to he " wait " spot at the front door . Bob watch he , sigh ... doorbell ring . Bob answer the door . a young delivery girl stand hold a white bag of chinese food . mel start bark . bob ( grab mel 's collar ) sorry . ( hand she the cash ) here y'go ... delivery girl thanks , Mr. rueland . see ya tomorrow night . ( to mel , still bark ) bye , bye , mel . Bob close the door and carry the food into the kitchen . he remove several carton , open the one of white rice and dump it out on a plate . hallway mel have go to he usual " wait for Katherine " spot at the door . we stay on mel . bob ( o.c . ) c'mon mel. nothing . mel do not move . bob ( o.c. ) ( cont would ) mel , let 's go . I gotcha some rice . ( sigh ) mel ! Bob lean into the hall . look at mel. bob God damn it . he start walk towards mel . bob c'mon mel , stop it . she 's go . ( kneel down ) you can not sit here night after night . c'mon get up ... do you think that 's what she would have want ? c'mon , get up mel ... look at you ... ( Bob see he own reflection in the glass on the door ) look at you ... ( he slowly slump down ) time seem to stand still as we stay on Bob sit next to mel . he sit , stare out , look at nothing . we see a million memory flash by in he eye ... suddenly , he get up and walk directly to the phone . dial . bob ( into phone ) Charlie . I will go on Friday night . yeah , you hear I . where be it ? he take a envelope near the phone . he palm it , to write on the back . we see the front and the return address read : donor liaison of saint mary ... bob o'rielly 's " italian " Restaurant ? uh-huh . yeah , I too . he hang up the phone . CUT to : int . oxrielly restaurant - dine room bobby vinton be Polish rendition of " I love you so " play throughout the italian restaurant . wally be enjoy the music at the bar . we follow grace through the crowded dining room , past the bar and into the kitchen where angelo be strain pasta . Grace begin refilling she empty tray , stop only to put some garnish on a few plate . angelo it 's a busy , no ? I love Fridays . marty walk by , deliberately set a plate down in front of Grace . angelo look on ... marty here 's some leftover for y'lassy ... Grace look down at a airline envelope sit on the plate ... she open it . we see AIR italia print on the side ... Grace gasp . grace no way ... grandpa ! ( hug he ) Rome ! marty ( not great with affection ) ah , save that for the italian ... I know you love I . grace oh my , grandpa , you do too much ... marty angelo say a true artist must pain in the pizza navona ... angelo " piazza " navona ... marone . grace grandpa , you have to come with I ... marty you go for both of we . instead of postcard , you send I painting . Sophie enter , pick up a small slab of Parmesan cheese ... she see the ticket in Grace 's hand . sophie you could not wait till I be in the kitchen ? marty her face still have the same expression as when she open it ... see ? Grace 's still beam , look at the ticket ... sophie I miss everything ... grace grandpa , I be so happy to be right here . I never imagine ... I think I will go in the fall ... marty , get a little choke up , pick up two plate and walk back towards the dining room . marty okay , Sophie , back to work . Sophie ignore he and walk to Grace , Parmesan in hand ... sophie can I see it ? Grace hold the ticket up in front of Sophie 's eye . sophie ( cont would ) it 's beautiful . you deserve it , sweetie . Sophie exit . grace angelo , thank you . ( put the ticket safely in she apron pocket ) wait till I tell megan ... angelo one more surprise , " he " be here . grace who - he ? angelo the guy I tell you about . he 's at the bar wait to meet you . grace ( oh , no ... ) angelo ... angelo it 's okay , I tell he you have you chest work on ... grace angelo , please ... my " chest work on ? " he 's go to expect ... angelo what ? grace whatever ... you do not have to -- angelo this guy be different . he 's just like you . he have a transplant . CUT to : close - up , grace's face , man ( o.c. ) so , I be still in a little pain , but you know how that be ... Grace politely shake she head " yes " . CUT to : grace's p.o.v. close - up , man' forehead , it 's obvious he 's have a transplant . a hair transplant . pull out to a two shot of Grace and the man at the bar ... man my doctor say it 's a solid transplant . ( point to head ) go ahead , pull it . grace no , that 's okay . man c'mon , giver 'er a tug . in the b.g. , we notice Charlie and two women enter the dining room . marty politely take they jacket and hang they on the hook in the entryway . CUT to : ext . oxrielly - well STREET Bob 's white pick - up come up the street , he slow down directly in front of o'rielly 's ... CUT to : int . bob' truck . he check the name of the restaurant he would write on the envelope and notice the letter 's return address ... donor liaison of ST . mary 's. Bob slowly open the envelope and take out a enclose form letter . he read it , then reach into the envelope and pull out a worn pale pink letter . valet guy you stay or leave or what ? bob huh ? um , stay ... Bob quickly tuck the pink envelope back into he jacket pocket and hop out of the truck . CUT to : int . oxrielly - continuous Bob hang he coat on a hook . Charlie spot Bob and wave he over . marty see the table be full and walk over to Grace at the bar . she 's still talk with the man , who be now tug on he own hair . marty ( look at this guy ) Grace , we have a new four top . grace I be right on it . ( to the man ) Nice meeting you . man likewise , I be sure . Grace ask the bartender to prepare four water , then leave to pick up a tray in the kitchen ... pass Bob and Charlie 's table , we stay with they ... everyone 's get settle . Charlie and he date , shari , can not seem to talk without touch . Bob , meanwhile , site beside marsha , a attractive woman -- great body . as she take off she suit jacket , we see she shirt be one size too small for she breast . she 's smart , pretty , but ohmigod , shut -up ... marsha I say it 's squeaker , my kitty . well , as you can imagine , everyone laugh ... that 's when I meet Charlie , he be the only vet open ... be they bring menus ? anyway , squeaker will not let another vet touch he . charlie yeah , well I do not want to hear about anyone else touch you squeaker . Charlie wink . the lady laugh . Bob 's in hell . charlie ( cont would ) everything 's good here . bob Nice place , Chuck . marsha it 's okay ... small . charlie it 's family run . great food . marsha I go to a little place in Spain once that look just like this except it be a glove store . bob be that right ? marsha hm-mmm . so Rob , Charlie tell I you be a engineer . charlie he 's a structural engineer . you know that new building on State Street , that 's Bob 's . shari you own it ? bob no , I design it . shari ( disappointed ) oh. Grace arrive at the table and begin set the water down in front of each person . Bob notice she , really notice she . when Grace get to Marsha ... marsha ( put she hand out to stop the glass ) no , no , no ... do you have bottled water ? grace yes , of course . anyone else ? Bob stare at Grace , he speak before he know it ... bob Excuse I , do I know you ? they stare at each other . everyone at the table get a bit uncomfortable . grace I think so ... you have be here before . bob no . I would remember a irish italian restaurant . Grace laugh . Marsha do not . marsha whatever ... Water , I just do not want swiss . I get sick on import swiss water once . as long as it 's not swiss or tap water , it will be fine . preferably , french . ( use she finger to emphasize ) I would like it cold , no ice , no glass , just the bottle and a straw . ( lean forward ) you want to write it down ? grace I be pretty sure I have it . anyone else ? bob ( oh God ) no , thank you . charlie a wine list please . grace sure . just as Grace 's about to walk away , Bob reach out to stop she ; gently touch she arm ... there 's a feel between they . neither one quite understand it ... it 's just a hint of warmth . bob Excuse I , could I have a coffee ? no straw . grace ( smile ) sure . Bob watch she go , he glance interrupt by he ringing cell phone . everyone at the table go for they phone . the only one who do not be Bob , and it 's he phone . another ring . Marsha , Charlie and shari stare at Bob . bob what ? ( realize ) oh , I usually do not bring it ... ( flip open phone ) Excuse I . ( into phone ) rueland ... hey Mike ... uh-huh Bob stand , motion to the table that he will be right back . he talk and walk which take he to the back of the restaurant . bob ( into phone ) I be glad ... so let 's call in a favor on hank ... the brick layer . we will contract they for five day , they will do four for I , then one day at the zoo . either way , they get pay for five like under the original contract ... who else be on the clock ? Bob lean against the back wall and listen to Mike rattling off name on the other end of the phone ... we notice Bob 's eye be interested in someone . bob be p.o.v. Grace be empty a bottle of evian water into a sink and refilling it from the tap . as she go to replace the cap , she eye meet Bob 's ... she 's embarrassed , she 's be catch . Bob wink he approval . they share a smile . this be the first time we see Bob truly smile again . bob ( cont would ) ( into phone ) yeah , yeah , I be still here ... that sound great . Grace leave for the dining room . bob ( cont would ) ( into phone ) I will talk to you in the morning then ... wait , Mike ? do I a favor , call I back in about five or ten minute and just ignore what I say ... thanks . Bob close the phone and return to the dine room as Grace arrive at the table with menus . Bob sit as Marsha take a big sip of water ... bob ( cont would ) ( to marsh ) I bet that 's refresh . marsha such a difference ... he glance up at Grace , she 's bite she lip ... grace we have some wonderful special this evening ; a lovely Chicken vesuvio ... charlie please , I be around they all day . shari laugh , then kiss Charlie way too much . Bob do not take he eye off Grace . grace a corn beef and cabbage souffle and a spinach ravioli in a arrabiatta sauce , it 's my favorite . bob I will have that ... grace okay , and a sword fish , serve with white wine sauce and tomato and garlic checca ... marsha I will have veal . grace we do not serve veal . marsha oh , brother ... bob just get something else ... shari Charlie , you order for I . charlie ( to Grace ) we will need another minute . bob ( to Grace ) thank you . grace sure , take you time ... Grace walk away ... in the b.g. we see she pass marty , whose stop and check on a few table like a good host should . a few patron offer they compliment as he walk towards the kitchen ... marty grazi . grazi. ( yell to the kitchen ) angelo ! we need ... marty disappear behind the swinging door ... marty ( o.c . ) Three more shepard pie ! marsha a italian restaurant that do not serve veal ... Bob 's cell phone ring . this time he pounce on it . bob ( into phone ) rueland ... yeah , Mike ? uh-huh ... well , I will leave right now . be there in five minute ... no , it 's not a problem , if I have to be there , I have to be there . Bob flip he phone close . charlie ( suspicious ) where ? bob the wabash building . charlie tonight : they be work on a Friday night ? bob oh yeah ... I be so sorry Marsha , really very sorry . it be nice meeting you , and shari ... please , enjoy you meal and ... again , I apologize . if you will excuse I . Bob stand , push in he chair and bee-line for the exit ... as he leave he put he cell phone down on the bar to grab he coat off the hook , he glance around one last time for Grace , she walk up behind he ... grace everything okay ? bob oh , hi , yes , fine . I just get call to work ... Bob put on he coat and tap the letter in the breast pocket , still there ... grace what about you wife ?... and she friend , will they be stay -- bob she 's not my wife ... not a friend , not a acquaintance , and yes , they ' will be stay ... grace ( sweetly ) oh ... Sophie walk up with a " to go " order all bag and ready " to go " . Grace stop she ... grace soph ? what be that ? sophie ravioli ... Chicken vesuvio and a side of cabbage ... for pick up . Grace take the bag from Sophie . grace ( to Bob ) here it be ... ( read receipt ) Mr. ahtsuki . sorry for the wait ... since it take so long , it 's on the house . come back again ... Grace smile warmly , then confidently turn and walk straight into a table . oops . CUT to : ext . o'rielly be Bob exhales and hand he ticket to the valet , as Charlie step up behind he ... charlie Bob , what 's the deal ? bob I come out do not I ? charlie yeah , congratulation ... you last almost a half a hour ... that 's a record ... ( glance back to Marsha ) I only meet she a couple of time , I have no idea she be so ... " not you " ... bob it 's fine , Chuck . it 's not she , it 's I ... she 's everything you say she be , a attorney with a great body . charlie c'mon , you be already out , it 's Friday night , have some wine ... okay , have a lot of wine and enjoy the company ... the valet pull up with Bob 's truck ... bob ( walk to he truck ) I can not . if I could I would ... but I have gotta go to work . charlie ( yell ) I know you be go home ... the very short valet guy jump out of the driver 's seat . Bob climb in and sit -- the steering wheel be press against he chest ... Bob adjust he seat . as he drive off , in the b.g. , we see a man argue with the valet . mr . ahtsuki I no need to park . I just pick up order . one minute . give I my key , I be one minute ... Charlie walk back into the restaurant . CUT to : ext . lincoln park zoo - bridge - moment later the rain have stop . Bob , lose in think , lean on the stone railing that line the gleam wet path on the bridge , eat he ravioli out of the styrofoam container with a plastic fork . he tap he breast pocket for the letter , still there . he slowly take it half way out , then put it back . he finish eat ... stop , breathes in the night air . lean on the rail , he look out over the river and up at the Chicago sky line . he feel the letter in he chest pocket , reach into the jacket and pull out the wear pale pink envelope ... he carefully open it ... close -up bob . as he read , he face reflect the emotional content of the letter ... over bob' shoulder , we see the feminine hand write ... dissolve into : close - up of grace's hand , as she write ... " I hope this letter will bring some comfort ... " pull back , revealing Grace in she hospital bed , just week after the transplant . she be sit up , thoughtfully compose the letter on she bedside table as little bridgette lie beside she coloring . megan be busy add water to the flower on the nightstand . the door open and a nurse enter the room . Grace immediately pull the blanket over to hide bridgette who continue to color beneath the blanket as the nurse take Grace 's blood pressure . the nurse finish and exit , bridgette pop out from under the blanket . Grace continue write ... close - up of grace's hand , as she write the follow ... " ... you thoughtfulness in a moment of such deep sorrow ... " back on bob , " ... I awake each day feel the gentle rhythm of the heart that beat inside I ... " Bob flip the letter over to look on the back , no signature . look up at the star , he slowly fold the letter , as we ... fade out : up on : ext . lincoln park zoo - next day we notice that scaffold have be set up around two oak tree . Bob stare up into the sun to the top of the strong reach branch . Jeff walk over study some blueprint . as soon as he start to talk , Bob walk briskly away , towards the trailer . Jeff do a small u-turn , walk and talk , try to keep up ... jeff ( be : the blueprint ) Bob , I know on this most recent set ... ( afraid of set he off ) we be only enclose the one oak tree ? bob ( pick up the pace ) I have a different set of print in the office . jeff ( under he breath ) that 's what I think Mike say . bob we will keep work Saturday and we will work late ... CUT to : int . construction trailer - continuous mike 's eat a donut as he hang up the phone . Bob and Jeff enter . bob Mike , give the newest plan to Jeff , so we can run over them right away . jeff be this go to be the last set ? mike ( shake he head " no " to Jeff ) yes . Bob , look through message on the desk . bob anyone call about my phone ? mike yep , restaurant call back , they have it ... bob who call ... from the restaurant ? mike I do not know ... some woman . I will send one of the intern to pick it up . bob no. ( throw it away ) I can swing by there later ... jeff ( look over the new blueprint ) be there go to be any tree in the souvenir shop ? CUT to : int . megan and joe' house - that night a spacious kitchen with a old linoleum floor spill into a family room with hardwood floor and a big bay window . it 's cozy , live in , and seldom quiet . joey 's play a game of nintendo , with all its annoying SOUND effect . Kevin 's pound on the piano . bridgette 's crying in she high chair and in the middle of all this , Patrick sleep soundly on the kitchen floor . megan and Grace be at the counter , prepare veggy . Joe sit at the head of the table , still in he fireman 's uniform , with l'il Tommy on he knee ... they be look at photo . tommy and here 's the baby pig and see , the mommy have ten baby bottle come out of she tummy . joe ( yell into the family room ) stop with the piano ! ( frustrated ) megan ... megan ( dryly ) I be not play it . tommy and then we go to see the gorilla and mommy say it be you . megan I do not . joe oh , really ? do you go to see the elephant ? megan watch it , Joe . megan pick up the cry bridgette , out of she high chair . megan ( cont would ) ( to Joe ) she 's wet . grace I will change she . joe ( not move a muscle ) it 's okay , Grace . I get it . Grace take bridgette from megan and exit down the hall . megan smack Joe on the shoulder . joe ( cont would ) ( look to see if Grace be go ) listen , meg ... rudy 's come by tonight . I though he would come meet Grace , y'know ... megan Father rudy ? joe stop it , meg . he 's not a priest anymore . megan to I , he be . she will meet someone on she own , Joe . joe how ? she 's always here on she night off . he have about as much experience as she do . where you gonna find a guy like that ? megan who would want to ? joe he 's a nice guy . megan it 's hard to dance , when there 's nobody lead . Grace walk in with baby bridgette on she lap and place she back in the high chair . the room be quiet , except for the " kid factor " . Grace notice ... grace be everything okay ? joe Fine . megan no . Joe go and invite someone over here , sort of as a blind date . grace when ? tonight ? joe it 's not a " date " . he 's just come over for dinner . grace ( look at she chest ) I need a scarf or some make -up . joe do not worry . I tell he you have some work do . grace what ? megan she 's not a buick , Joe . joe it 's okay . he understand . he 's fine with it . he 's a priest for godsake . grace a priest ?! joe a ex -priest . Jesus Christ , what 's the big deal ? he 's never date , you have never date . megan Joe , Grace have date . grace it 's okay meg. megan no it 's not . tommy do you hate priest , aunt Grace ? grace no , honey . tommy cuz if you do you will go straight to hell . joe no one be go to hell . God y'try and help someone ... megan go ahead , Grace , leave . get out the back door . grace my bike 's in the front . ding-dong ... tommy oh , shit , Father rudy 's here . megan Tommy do not you dare talk like that . tommy do not worry Mom , dad say no one 's go to hell . bridgette burst out scream at all the commotion . Grace be run around look for a scarf . Joe get up to go answer the door . joe ( before open the door ) for the love of GOD , everyone calm down ! he open the door and there stand rudy , complete with clerical collar . Joe stare at the collar a beat too long . rudy ( quietly , be : collar ) I be not use to be without it yet . CUT to : int . zebra lounge - continuous Charlie be on he cell phone . behind he at the bar sit two beautiful " big haire " women . charlie ( into phone ) Bobby , my man . where the hell be you ? you run away last night and tonight you do not show . I have be sit at the bar for two hour ... ( wave to the girl ) no , I be all alone ... CUT to : int . bob rueland apartment - bedroom - continuous Bob , just out of the shower , stand in front of the mirror buttone he shirt , with the phone cradle under he chin . bob ( into phone ) I be not up to it ... yeah , " again " ... I be uh ... watch the game ... the score ? ( tv 's not on - panic - can not find remote ) uh ... ( safe lie ) cub be lose . CUT to : int . bob' apartment - front hall - continuous the front door open , it 's Danny with mel . Danny take mel 's leash off and hang it on the coat rack . Bob emerge from the bedroom . danny hey , Mr. rueland , mel eat something . I could not get to he , I think it be a rib bone ... bob be that right mel ? danny and he roll in something ... a dead something ... I can give he a bath ... bob how much ? Bob pick up he key and he wallet off the hall table . danny ten buck . bob ( take a ten from he wallet ) ten ? danny I use soap now . ( Danny stuff the ten into he pocket ) my mom make you another lemon cake . I put it in the trash for ya . bob thanks , pal . I would give you twenty to see you eat that . danny ( shake head - " no way " ) there 's easier way to make money . bob ( open the door to leave , turn back ) how do I look ? Danny 's surprised to be ask . danny tall . bob tall ? danny yep . bob thanks ... Bob close the door behind he . Danny and mel watch he through the window . CUT to : ext . oxrielly italian restaurant - second floor - same night Grace pace on a small terrace overlook the sidewalk caf ?. she 's on the phone ... grace ( into phone ) megan ... it be fine . he be a nice guy . certainly know he wine ... ( laugh , then serious ) but do you notice ... as Grace talk , she watch a young couple leave after a romantic dinner . grace ( cont would ) ...how afraid he be to let I lift even a plate of mashed potato ... I be not be ridiculous . once a guy find out , they think I be ... break or something . ( sigh ) but it do not matter ... I be so - so lucky . CUT to : int . megan and joe' house - kitchen - continuous megan 's get the phone tuck under she chin , as she reach under the table and lightly pull on the small blanket little Patrick be still sound asleep on . she slide he across the kitchen to the bottom of the step . Joe walk down in he boxer , scoops up little Patrick in he arm and kiss megan on the cheek . joe ( mouth the word ) tell she I be " sorry " about tonight . megan lovingly smile and touch Joe 's lip with two finger . she pick up a toy from the bottom of the step and cross back into the kitchen . Joe carry little Patrick up to bed , but step on a squeaky toy half way up the stair . he freeze . Patrick 's eye open . silence . then ... patrick ( cry ) whaaaaa ! Mom ! joe ( loudly ) God damn it ! out of the bathroom at the top of the stair , we hear ... tommy ( echoing he dad ) God damn it ! joey now leave he bedroom and come to the top of the stair . joey daddy , can I have some water ? joe ( take control ) no . everyone 's go to bed . forever ! megan ! back in the kitchen megan 's wiping the counter top , the phone still cradle on she shoulder ... megan ( into phone ) I have to go ... and Grace , you be not lucky . it 's fate . CUT to : ext . oxrielly restaurant - second floor terrace - continuous Grace hang up the phone and lean against the terrace railing , observe the last few customer leave . marty 's stack up the remain outside chair . he glance up and see she ... marty sweet dream , my dear lass . grace ( smile ) you want some help ? marty no , I be bless with work . marty carry the stack chair inside . Grace look up to the star ... it 's just start to drizzle . she turn and walk into the apartment , as we ... pan down : ext . front of oxrielly - continuous Bob 's shiny white Ford pick - up truck pull up . CUT to : int . oxrielly dine room - continuous empty , except for the " usual suspect " -- wally , angelo , emmett , and marty , who sit around " they " table play card , smoking , have espresso 's , or a pint of beer -- involved in yet another animated discussion . angelo best female singer ? wally ella fitzgerald . marty agree . emmett agree . angelo of course . emmett okay . but wally , I would still take Ernie bank over ty cobb . wally do not work . you can not pick you dream team from different era . emmett ( to the other ) be this a new rule ? CUT to : ext . oxrielly - continuous Bob look through the restaurant window . no sign of Grace . he tap on the glass door but the man do not notice , perhaps " ella 's paper moon " be play a bit too loudly . Bob knock again . marty look up , run over to the stereo near the bar , turn it down a bit , then walk over and open the door ... marty either you be late or really early ... bob ( smile , he eye search the room for Grace ) sorry to bother you but I leave my phone here ... marty no , no , no bother . please come in . ( the drizzle be now a rain ) it 's start to come down out there . I will check for you , a phone , huh ? bob that 's right ... marty ( from behind the bar , he drag out a lose and find box ) so many be leave . every week , one or two phone ... I think it 's no good , too many phone in we life . y' get no one really talkin ' anymore , face to face . I do not see one in here ... bob I believe a young lady call , say she find it ... marty I will getcha a beer and I will take a look around in back ... bob oh , no thanks ... marty ah , y'gotta get home to y'er wife ... bob no. marty she walk out on ya , do she ? bob no ... ( he will say it ) she pass away ... marty ( hand on chest ) aw , I ought to be on my knee thanking God I be on my foot ... let I getcha a pint . bob no , it 's fine ... marty ( yell over to the guy ) boy , this be my friend ... bob Bob . marty ( pat Bob on the back ) Robert ! his wife be dead . the guy immediately accept he , with a chorus of " welcome " . angelo pull out a chair for Bob . marty ( cont would ) this be ... ( point to each ) wally , emmett , angelo and I be marty . deal he in . ( walk away ) I will find yer phone . ( yell to the kitchen ) Sophie , bring we a few pint ... Bob hesitantly sit . the card quickly float down in front of he as emmett deal . emmett settle something for we here , pal . who be the great center fielder of all time ? bob Ken griffey Jr. they approve . Sophie come out of the kitchen in she coat , tie a small silk babushka upon she head ... sophie I be on my way home , who 's walk I ? wally you be two door down , if y'get kill we will hear it ... sophie I hope I get kill so you have to live with the guilt . wally yap , yap , yap ... marty I will take ya . ( walk over to Sophie and take she bag ) be back ... marty and Sophie walk out the back door , Bob watch they go ... what about my phone ?... wally ( back to discussion ) do not matter , ella fitzgerald be the great singer of all time . angelo we all agree on that wally . why do you keep bring it up ? ( be : he card ) I be in ... wally because I would like to hear more of she in here . you be always play that opera stuff , we can not sing along . emmett go and find yourself a shakey 's pizza for that . you fold , Wal ? wally ( sentimental ) remember shakey 's pizza ? bob oh , yeah sure ... ( look at he card ) I be in ... I guess ... emmett ( to Bob ) Ground round be good ... ( be : card ) in ... bob ( reminisc ) throw the peanut on the floor ... wally yeah ... at shakey 's they would put the word up on the screen ... my kid love that . everyone sing . ( look at he card ) I - be - in . CUT to : int . grace's bedroom - continuous Grace be sit in front of a antique mahogany vanity mirror , wear a nightgown and shower cap . she stop and study she reflection . we see she night gown be open at the top , expose the full ten inch surgical scar on she chest . she touch it lightly and sigh . CUT to : dine room - continuous the man be laugh as Bob collect the pot ... marty put a pitcher of beer on the table and a espresso in front of angelo , a milk in front of emmett . bob unbelievable ... marty it 's you lucky night ... CUT to : back of restaurant Grace , in she nightgown and robe , walk down the stair , grab a raincoat off a hook and walk into the dine room , put on the raincoat , she walk up to the table . the guy all stand and then sit , except Bob , who be a bit stunne ... grace grandpa , the rain 's let up a bit , so I will be out back cover ... Grace see Bob and immediately touch she head -- yep , shower cap 's still on . she close she bathrobe , wrapping the raincoat snugly around she neck . grace ( to Bob , take aback ) hello ... marty Robert , this be my granddaughter . Grace . bob ( now stand ) hi , yes ... we meet last evening . I be here with ... the water thing ... grace ( very politely ) Nice to see you again . Robert . bob Bob . Bob 's fine . the guy all remain in they seat , look up and enjoy the two of they as they talk . bob I leave my phone here ... grace oh , " that " bob. you be bob. I be Grace , well , you know that ... we just say it ... well , excuse I ... I be not dress and my hair be ... well , hide ... I have you pajamas ... phone ... behind the bar ... marty ( push by angelo ) I will get it Grace , you sit . marty walk over to the bar . grace ( cont would ) no I can not sit . ( she want to run ) I have to go and cover ... angelo you bike ? I will do it . grace no angelo , my new plant . bob ... if I can be of any help ? grace ( walk quickly away ) no ... thanks ... angelo yes . you can help she , Roberto will help you . Grace turn and give angelo a wide eye " so help I God " look as she exit out the back door . Bob follow Grace out to the back courtyard . marty come from behind the bar with Bob 's phone and wait for the door to close , then set the phone down on the bar . CUT to : ext . o'rielly be - back courtyard - garden the quaint little back garden be now dark , light only by the street lamp . the rain be soft , not enough to blink at ... Bob be cover a medium size plant with a piece of plastic . Grace help straighten the plastic out on one end . grace ( he 's sweet ) sorry about my grandfather . some people take in stray dog and cat , with grandpa , it 's people ... not that you be ... bob oh , yes I be ... ( stand behind a shrub ) should we do this one here ? grace it 's okay , I can do it . there 's just this two leave . Grace move around the shrub and so do Bob , cause they to be , physically , very close . grace Excuse I ... bob sure , I will just go around . ( fill with she scent , quietly ) you smell great . grace ( babbles , nervous ) they get yellow if they get too much moisture this early on ... I put they in the ground too soon ... and of course I just water they this morning ... ( sweetly , embarrassed ) you can go if you want . I can do this . Grace be careful to keep she neckline cover . Bob notice the rusted bike , the easel and the painting push under a awning . bob no , no , I do not mind ... you buy I dinner last night . ( be : painting ) who 's the artist . grace oh , that ... I paint that . Bob go to the easel to take a closer look . bob wow ... ( teasing ) can not even see the number through the paint . Grace laugh . Bob look at she , it 's nice to hear a woman 's laugh . all what ? ( touch she head ) I look ridiculous . bob no . it 's a lovely ... hat . grace I would take it off now , but then I would have " shower cap head " ... of course you see my hair last night ... not that you be look at I . but we do speak , so maybe you notice my head --hair ... my hair -- my head of hair ... okay ... Bob , smile ... God she 's cute , awkward , cute , sweet , innocent ... bob can I take you out sometime ? Bob be surprised by he own word . grace yes ? bob be that a question ? grace ? no . it 's a yes -ye . bob tomorrow night ? grace yes . a heavy drizzle of rain start , but they do not move ... bob I will pick you up at eight ? grace yes . bob sure ? grace yes . bob you be a very difficult woman . Grace laugh at herself . bob ( be : the rain ) you go ahead in , I will get this last two ... grace I will find you phone . Grace smile and enter the back door of the restaurant . CUT to : int . oxrielly - continuous before Grace enter the dining room , marty and the guy hear the sound of the door ... angelo hurry up , get in the kitchen ! wally what ? marty ( excited ) they be come back in . wally ( look at he card ) but I have my best hand . emmett ( take advantage ) New shuffle if we re-locate . angelo Fair enough . marty usher they quickly into the kitchen . wally jog off still hold on to he card . they disappear just in time for Grace to enter the dining room . she be " really " happy , almost float , drunk with romance ... she see Bob 's phone on the bar , pick it up ... Bob enter , wipe he foot . Grace hand he he phone . bob thanks ... grace sure ... they walk to the front door . bob eight then ... grace eight ... Grace stand silently , watch Bob get in he shiny white truck and drive off into the moonlight . she turn and notice the " guy table " be now empty . she listen and hear voice come from the kitchen . grace grandpa ? angelo ? the voice immediately quiet . marty ( o.c . ) we be not here . she roll she eye ... CUT to : int . megan be and joe' house - later - same evening megan be in the kitchen , pick up toy . there 's a knock at the door . she look at the clock : one a.m . she go to the door . megan ( peek out ) who be it ? grace ( o.c . ) me. megan open the door , revealing a soaking wet Grace , stand in the rain . grace ( beam ) I meet someone . CUT to : ext . a cement stoop - same evening Bob sit on he jacket , as he lean against a fence eat a hotdog ' n fries off he lap and talk to someone . we can not see who it be . Bob offer they a fry ... bob I guess this be the first woman I have notice since ... well , not the first woman I have " notice " , you know as a guy , but as a man . you know what I mean ... CUT to : reverse angle , we see Sydney , stare back at Bob , eat a french fry . beat . bob I be building you a great place . CUT to : int . grace's bedroom - evening Grace sit on the edge of the bathtub finish up a call with megan ... megan ( through the phone ) I be just say for safety -- do not shave you leg , because then you will not -- definitely will not let it go to far . grace megan , it 's a first date . megan I marry a first date . Grace drop she robe and step into the bubble bath . megan ( cont would ) I be sure you plan on be levelhead , but once you be in the moment , the male brain seem , well I do not know ... everything they say suddenly sound brilliant . hairy leg be you only link to reality . grace you should needlepoint that on a pillow . megan all I know be , it keep I a virgin till I be eighteen . grace megan , I be go to be thirty , I have a ten inch scar down my chest , and I be a virgin ... megan shave you leg . call I after . Grace hang up the phone and relax in the tub , lean she head back , she close she eye ... dissolve into : ext . oxrielly - courtyard Grace and Bob stroll up to the courtyard . Bob gallantly open the gate , let Grace pass in front of he . her eye never leave he . he pull a daisy from the garden and place it gently in she hair . she smile . he run he hand down the side of she face ... Grace gaze into he eye , paralyze with romance . Bob wrap he arm tightly around she waist , pull she closer . he take she face into he hand and kiss she passionately and then lean she against the fence . Grace , totally " under he spell " , slide down the fence and onto the grass . Bob be now on top of she . she look up trustingly into he eye as he run he hand along she " shaven " leg , up to she waist and she breast ... she eye never leave he . now at the height of passion , in one swift move , he rip open Grace 's blouse , revealing she scar . Bob look down and gasp in horror . CUT to : close up - grace gasp , she grab the side of the tub and shake off the dream . put she head back , she sigh , as we ... CUT to : ext . courtyard - night marty , sweeping the cobblestone walkway , hear footstep and Grace 's laugh . he quickly discard the boom and scurries to a small table , light a candle , pull the two metal lawn chair together , so they be side by side , then run inside . CUT to : ext . STREET - continuous Grace and Bob stroll up to the courtyard . Bob 's jacket be over Grace 's shoulder ... as they walk and talk ... bob my uncle Al always have a cigar go ... and in he other hand he carry a bean bag ash tray , red plaid ... he would love to drive down alley and pick up other people 's junk . I be he spotter . my mother would get so mad . but without fail , come she birthday , uncle Al would make some great lamp or table out of the lumber and stuff we collect . she love everything he ever make ... but every time he collect stuff , they would have the same argument ... " do not bring that junk in my house ! " " it 's not junk ! " well , anyway , I have love building thing ever since ... they walk a moment without word , then ... grace so you and Katherine never have child ? bob no ... think we have time . sometimes it seem like yesterday and other when it seem like another life ... grace ( sigh ) ... I know what you mean ... they reach the courtyard . bob I have do all the talk have not I ? Bob reach to gallantly open the gate for Grace , identical to the way he do in Grace 's dream . however , the gate be stick . he try again -- still stick . Bob finally give it a strong tug , but it open too quickly and he lose he balance . Bob inadvertently put he hand around she waist and pull she close to prevent he from fall over ... they be close just like in Grace 's daydream ... we see the deja vu expression on she face ... grace you okay ? bob Fine ... just fine . Bob 's so close , he lean in to kiss she -- Grace slap he . Bob stand there , totally stunne ... grace ( hold she hand ) oh , my God -- I be so sorry . bob ( rub he face ) geeze , I be just go to kiss you . grace I know -- I be sorry . I mean -- it 's not you ... bob ( still stunne ) I be just go to kiss you . a small peck on the cheek . grace ... it 's ... I have this dream about you -- and ... bob ( shake he head ) it must have be a nightmare . grace no , you be very sexy ... bob ( thrilled ) you have a sex dream about I ? grace no , of course not . well , it might have be . I do not know -- I stop it ... bob ...uh- huh . grace I do not want to -- I mean -- I just meet you -- I do not really even know you ... bob sometimes that dream be better with stranger . ( testing he jaw ) ah ... grace be you okay ? she raise she hand to touch he face , he flinch . bob Fine , fine ... ( laugh ) must have be some dream ... grace you rip my blouse ... bob I be sorry . grace it 's okay ... bob Nice blouse , be it ? grace well , it be ... ( point to blouse she 's wear ) this one . bob very nice ... grace thank you . bob I do not mean to ... be so forward ... not in the dream -- but here just now ... grace no , please , it 's I ... I be ... suddenly Grace take Bob 's face in she hand , kiss he on the lip and joyfully run inside -- she foot barely touch the ground . grace good night . bob ( quietly ) ' night ... Bob stand alone in the courtyard . life be good . he blow out the candle -- leave he in total darkness ... bob ( cont would ) great . fade out : ext . construction site - early morning we see Jeff , pace outside the trailer , as he wait for Bob to arrive and yell at he . Mike step out of the trailer and check he watch , just as Bob pull up in he truck . Bob jump out , carry a tray of starbuck 's coffee . he walk over to the guy , who can not help but notice the spring in he step . bob ( hand each guy a coffee ) Morning , jeff. Morning there , Big Mike . Mike and Jeff exchange a " what 's get into he " look . jeff ( disbelief ) mornin ' ... Mike and Jeff keep they eye on Bob , who continue over to the ... service elevator , set up on the outside frame of the high rise . Bob stop , give he third coffee to some workman busy hammer . the workman smile . Bob smile back and then take the last coffee for himself . he " frisbee " toss the cardboard tray into a trash can and jump on to the elevator . we follow Bob on he ride to the top of the building . CUT to : mike and jeff on the ground , they head turn upwards , watch Bob . Mike take a sip of he coffee , look to Jeff ... mike ( with a shrug ) whatever . CUT to : int . turner bowling alley - lane 13 - night we follow a bright red bowling ball as it roll at top speed into a set of pin , create the loud crash of a powerful strike . we spin around to reveal wally , perform he signature " strike dance " for he audience : megan , Joe , marty , angelo , emmett , Sophie , Grace . they applaud . wally ( big smile ) it 's the new hip . Joe finish re-ty he shoe , he 's next ... he pick up he regular black ball just as wally 's bright red ball pop out of the shoot . we know it 's wally 's ball because wally be inscribe in large fancy letter across it ... Joe stare at the ball as it roll up the return ... joe wally , which one be yours ? wally 's lean over Sophie , check he score . wally shut you trap ... sophie I do not say anything . wally I be talk to Joe ... mark my strike . sophie I do , I be use star instead of x's now ... wally ah , crimeny ! angelo do not matter how she mark it . I be still beat ya . Bob walk up and set down a tray of draft beer , plus one espresso for angelo , and a milk for emmett , who be busy collect cash from marty ... emmett ten spot on the next shot say it 's a strike ... ( look up ) after Joe ... bob ( hand emmett a ten ) I be in ... marty ( yell ) c'mon Joe , send them run ... Joe take he shot . it look good . he walk back with confidence ... in the b.g. we see just the two outside pin be leave stand ... wally grandma 's tooth . Nice . joe ( wince ) it 's this damn shoe ... angelo maybe you could knock them down with a fire hose ? marty Gracie , honey , you be up next on the right . Grace watch megan clean up a spare in the next lane . megan victoriously smack Grace five as they meet on either side of the ball return . grace how do I look ? megan ( drying she hand over the blower ) the best ever . I have never see you so happy . grace God I be hot ... megan it 's eighty degree out and you be wear a turtle neck ... grace it 's cotton ... megan too bad you do not meet he in the fall , you would have be safe for month ... tell he . grace I will . megan he 's a great guy , it will not make a difference to he , besides , eventually he 's gonna want to get , you know , intimate . grace megan please . megan just tell he ... or he will think you be a lesbian or something . grace what ? megan it 's very trendy right now . emmett 's loud voice interrupt they ... emmett you two 's , do you yapping at the beauty parlor ! megan take it easy , dad . Bob walk over to Grace with a drink . bob I get you a hot chocolate . grace oh ? bob I think maybe you be cold . grace thank you . they eye lock for a beat , then Bob kiss she ... marty c'mon now , let 's bowl . Bob and Grace come back to reality . bob ( be : the hot chocolate ) I will just hold on to this for ya ... Grace be light as a feather , she line up she shot , good form , release the ball ... it roll with confidence right down the center and strike ! everyone clap , Grace go wild . she do a touchdown dance that go on a bit too long . everyone stop clap and just stare ... she realize and recover . grace alrighty , who 's up next ? angelo smile , look at marty : marty Bob , you be up ! angelo you be take turn away ? I be next . sophie angelo 's up . Bob quickly put he beer down , just as Charlie cautiously walk up to the group . charlie Bob ? bob hey , hey , you make it ... charlie I think I be meeting you at a bar ? bob there 's a bar here . Grace ! charlie ( look at the old guy ) what be this ? bob we be bowl . what ? Grace come over . grace hey Charlie , we be already in the ninth frame , or you could join the game . charlie oh shoot . that 's ok , maybe next time . grace everyone , this be Charlie . the whole gang look up to greet he ... charlie hi...everyone ... emmett ( hold cash ) you want in ? bob sure he do ... ( to Charlie ) tenspot . Charlie do not ask question and give emmett ten dollar . emmett for or against ? charlie huh ? for ... I guess ... Bob run up to take he turn . Joe hand Charlie a beer . marty , clap he hand like a old baseball coach ... marty ( yell ) c'mon Bob ... tenth frame and you be look at beat you all time high score ... charlie ( to Joe ) I do not know he bowl ... marty ... of sixty -seven . joe he do not . wally ( check score sheet ) you be sittin ' on a sixty -six ... ( very seriously ) you wanna use my ball , go ahead ... bob that 's okay , wally . I " m not really dress ... the whole gang all laugh it up ... even Charlie join in ... bob ( continue ) I would like to dedicate this next shot to Grace ... ( gesture towards Grace ) who bring I back to the game after a twenty - five year absence . that 's right , before I be you beer runner and ... ( to emmett ) milk man ... I have not bowl since andee jankovsky 's thirteenth birthday party ... so baby , this one 's for you . the guy all hoot and holler . Grace and megan laugh . Sophie be choke up ... emmett ( patting Bob on the back ) you get a strike here , we go fifty - fifty ... a hush fall over the group ... Bob line up he shot like a pro , arm back , perfect form , nice approach , smooth release ... everyone 's eye follow the ball down the lane straight into the gutter . joe try you other arm ! megan smack Joe . wally c'mon Bobby , shake them up ... all the guy join in , cheer he on . Bob stand by the ball return . pick up he ball . confidently , he approach the lane ... line up he shot , arm back , perfect form , nice approach , powerful release ... we follow the ball as it speed down the center of the lane , suddenly veer off to leave and cleanly smack two pin off the end . the gang go nut ... CUT to : int . o'rielly be - later - same night Restaurant be close , except for the gang and some other bowler , who be just leave . Music be play , plate of food be scattered on the table , along with half - fill bottle of wine . Sophie and marty clean up a bit . in the b.g. , a table cloth with the number " 68 " be thumbtack on a wall . Charlie stand at the bar with emmett emmett I have always find that sammy Davis be the most talented and I have always like Bill cosby ... charlie oh , yeah , they be both great . Grace join they and hand Charlie some leftover wrap in foil . grace this will be good for about a week . I put some bread in there , too ... charlie thank you ... Bob , I have a great time . ( to the gang ) see you guy ... the gang all respond with a friendly goodbye , " bye Doc " , " see y' Chuck " , etc . Charlie take a look around the cozy dining room , with its warm family type atmosphere ... just for a instant , one might suspect he 's a bit jealous ... Charlie leave . marty lock the door behind he . grace he 's very sweet . bob Charlie ? oh , yeah ... from across the room ... emmett ( shuffle card ) hey , there , Bob -o , you in tonight ? bob no , emmett , Grace and I be gonna enjoy a glass of wine out back ... maybe take a walk ... wally you two want my cadillac tonight ? grace on , no ... that 's okay ... wally just have she wax ... bob ( wink at Grace ) thanks wally ... you need a sweater ? grace nope ... marty bring some poker chip over from the bar to the " regular " table . marty I have get a new candle out there , keep the bug away ... Bob grab a bottle of wine and two glass as he and Grace exit to the courtyard . marty peek through the window ... angelo marty ! marty what ? ( still peek ) I think she will tell he ... emmett ( divide poker chip ) I do not see what the big deal be . I once date a girl with a club foot . she have the big shoe and everything ... marty you be a saint ... sophie ( disappear into the kitchen with a pile of tablecloth ) the longer she wait the harder it will be ... angelo be at the stereo look through CD 's . angelo let 's put on some music for them ... marty ( walk to the stereo ) let 's see ... ( pull out CD ) Dean ... angelo pavarotti . emmett Bing ... wally ( walk to stereo ) let I handle this . marty no " Bobby " ... wally we should put on something modern ... where 's you new album ? emmett ( join they at stereo ) CD 's . wally yeah , yeah ... marty ( hold up two CD 's ) here 's my hippest stuff ... wall ( immediately grab one of they ) oh , this be my favorite ... as the committee huddle around the stereo , we CUT to : ext . courtyard - continuous a calm breeze flow through the garden . Grace light the candle and Bob pour the wine as ... the first familiar bar of diana Ross and smokey Robinson 's " i'm gonna make you love I " pour into the courtyard . Bob and Grace freeze , then give each other a look . the lyric begin as only smokey can sing they ... smokey I be gonna do all the thing to you , a girl want a man to do .. oh , baby .. grace oh , dear ... Bob laugh . CUT to : int . oxrielly - continuous the guy stand at the stereo . wally 's peek out the window ... marty what 's happen ? wally let it work its magic ... CUT to : ext . courtyard - continuous Grace , embarrassed ... grace I will tell they to turn it off ... bob no , no , no . ( put he hand out ) c'mon ... Grace hesitates , then slowly walk back towards Bob ... smokey ' cuz every minute , every hour , I " m gonna shower you with love and affection , look out girl , it 's come in you direction ... CUT to : into . oxrielly - continuous the guy join wally at the window ... wally it 's work ... they all start dance and sing the refrain ... smokey ' cuz I be gonna make you love I , ooh yes I will , yes I will ... CUT to : ext . courtyard - continuous Bob be be funny , by play up the lyric and act 70' cool ... Grace be laugh ... Bob dance / walk over to she ... diana ross we love be strong , you will see I know , you will never get tired of I ... oh baby ... Bob pull Grace to he . they dance together , truly get a kick out of the song ... diana ross I be gonna use every trick in the book , I will try my best to get you hook ... oh baby ... ' cuz every night , every day , I be gonna say , I be gonna get ya , I be gonna get , look out boy , ' cuz I be gonna get you ... Bob twirl Grace around ... diana ross ( cont would ) I be gonna make you love I ... oooh , yes I will ... montage : ext . lakefront Bob jog along the lake , get back in shape ext . oxrielly - courtyard Grace 's cut flower in the garden . ext . lincoln park zoo Bob and Mike help guide a crane operator as he lower a beam across the outer wall of the habitat , which be slowly take shape . int . bob' apartment Bob run around pick up clothes and stuff , toss some behind the couch and other in the hall closet . mel watch he from the door , of course . int . o'rielly be wally 's mouth the word of the song to Sophie as she fold clean tablecloth . ext . lincoln park zoo Grace 's draw a sketch of habitat , as Bob and a small group of tourist look over she shoulder ... Bob smile with pride . int . bob' apartment Grace come in the door with the flower from she garden . Bob watch in amazement as mel follow she right into the kitchen . as Grace put the flower in a vase on the kitchen table , she look up at a collection of photo of Bob , Katherine and mel that decorate the wall ... she smile . int . turner bowling alley the gang be all wear rueland design bowling shirt , even Charlie ... int . megan and joe' house Grace and megan be at the kitchen table , each with a coffee . a open box of cookie between they ... grace I be tell he tonight . megan I have hear that before ... he 's perfect , you know . grace yeah . for I he be . megan do not get I wrong . he 's no Joe . Joe enter , wear a soile t-shirt that 's a bit snug over that belly of he ... joe honey , bridgette get sick on I . ( he take off the t-shirt and hand it to megan ) I give she some tylenol and put she in pajamas . she 's sleep in we bed . ( rub he tummy ) hey , Al . grace hey , Joe ... megan and Grace share a laugh . joe what ? megan put a shirt on , Joe ... or Grace will never be satisfied by another man . for the girl ' amusement , Joe begin perform some strong man pose as the final note of " I 'm gonna make you love I " fade out . we do the same ... fade out : up on : ext . lincoln park zoo - day a full shot of the new gorilla habitat , under the last stage of construction . a sign , along with grace's painting of the new structure , read : sydney and he family build there dream house . compliment of " the a.r.t.s. " ( Animal 's right to survive ) and rueland design . in love memory of Dr. Katherine rueland . the camera pass the sign and rest on Bob in he hard hat , busy look over blueprint . the zoo be busy with visitor ; family , senior citizen , tourist , and lot of camp kide ; several run past Bob with cotton candy . bob ( yell to a crew guy ) billy , could you put that dry wall over against the wire frame ? thanks . Charlie walk up , carry a small lion cub in he arm . they walk and talk , as Bob continue surveying the work . bob ( cont would ) ( to Charlie ) hey ... charlie ( lift the lion cub ) my pride and joy . King of beast . bob he look just like you . charlie bennington call , he want to do you introduction . Katherine would love that , huh ? bob ( smile , take in the progress ) she would love this ... charlie you do it ... bob take I long enough . they pass Jeff , the foreman from the high rise construction site who be oversee a welding crew spot welding joint . bob ( cont would ) hey , Jeff , order one more sheet of the double glass panel . charlie so , go for a beer ? ( teasing ) or be tonight bingo ? bob Charlie , I be sorry . I can not , the dedication 's next week ... charlie take a break , you have be work like a dog ... bob Grace want to talk , she 's make dinner at my place . charlie she want to " talk " , she 's make you " dinner " , she will not " spend the night " ... you see what 's go on here , do not ya ? bob no. charlie it 's a trap . she 's read that book , what 's it call ... " the rule " . bob what be you talk about ? charlie it 's a little game they play to reel a guy in ... bob ( laugh ) well , it 's work . Bob notice in the b.g. a group of young kide from a summer camp be assemble . bob ( yell to kid ) hey , look everybody ! ( point to Charlie ) baby lion ! the kid flock to Charlie , who pick up the pace in hope of escape . Bob laugh and go back to work . CUT to : int . bob' apartment - evening - after dinner mel 's spot at the door be empty , except for he tennis ball , abandon on the floor . CUT to : live room , Grace be sit on the sofa in the live room , sip from a glass of wine , petting mel , who be curl up next to she . we hear way too many " beep " come from the kitchen ... grace you sure you do not need any help ? bob ( o.c . ) no . believe it or not , I can microwave popcorn . ( more beep ) there be a write up about the habitat 's dedication in the trib ... grace everyone 's go next week , grandpa want to be there , and emmett , wally , the whole gang ... bob ( o.c . ) as long as you promise to be there ... grace promise ... Bob come from the kitchen ... bob ( he pour the wine , then sit next to Grace ) Sydney 's thrilled . we let he in for a bit this afternoon ... he love it ... he can run ... ( sigh ) finally ... grace you have work so hard ... Grace sweetly touch Bob 's hair , as he rest he head back on the sofa , stare up at the ceiling ... bob it be worth it ... Katherine 's dream come true ... at least I be able to give she that ... in a way I be dread the dedication because I can not imagine it without she ... I have be angry for so long ... Bob close he eye as Grace continue stroking he hair ... a gentle moment pass ... bob ( turn to look in she eye ) thank you , Grace ... he kiss she softly , then passionately , pull she closer ... bob ( kissing she ) you be not go to slap I ? grace ( quietly ) only if you stop ... bob ( lift she hair , he kiss she neck ) you want to tell I something ... grace ( breathy ) yes ... Grace close she eye as Bob kiss the nape of she neck and slowly unbutton she blouse ... dangerously close to revealing she scar . grace ... now 's a good time ... Bob slide he leave hand up she " clean shaven " leg ... grace oh dear ... Bob ... beeeep ... grace ( quietly ) popcorn 's do ... Bob keep kissing she ... the beeeep continue ... it 's loud ... too loud . bob save my place ... as Bob run to the kitchen , Grace glance down at she partially unbuttone blouse , then quickly downs she wine . bob ( lean he head out the kitchen ) you can put on some music ... grace ( get up , button she blouse ) sure-yes-good ... bob I get you a CD . it 's in the pocket of my jacket , which be hang on the door in the de . Grace go into the den . she close the door , to retrieve the CD from Bob 's jacket . grace ( smile , yell back to Bob ) Dean Martin . thank you . just as Grace turn to leave , she notice the newspaper on Bob 's desk , fold open to the article about the zoo . she pick it up ... bob ( o.c . ) what ? grace ( read article , yell back to Bob ) I say , thanks for the ... beneath a photo of sydney and katherine , Grace read ... " dr . katherine rueland , died in car accident on november 12 , 1995 . " ... November 12th ... then something else catch she eye ... she slowly move she hand towards a pale pink letter , tuck in the blotter on the desk . she pick it up , study it a moment ... a faint feel rush through she . she cover she hand with she mouth as she carefully sit down , unable to comprehend the reality ... hallway Bob , carry a bowl of popcorn , walk toward the de . bob Grace ? den , Bob open the door . Grace quickly put the letter in she pocket . grace I be sorry ... bob what ? Grace speak slowly , carefully ... grace I have to go ... bob now ? grace yes ... I completely forget . I ... I promise megan I would ... baby sit . Grace slowly - rush past Bob out of the de . hallway , she walk quickly , try to maintain she composure . Bob be right behind she ... bob ( somewhat confuse ) I will go with you ... grace no , no ... bob be you okay ? grace ( put on she sweater ) yes ... you stay here . I will call you ... she walk out to the front hall . her bike be just inside the door -- she keep move -- kick the kickstand up , it break off . grace this damn bike . she spin it around and briskly walk it out the door ... CUT to : ext . front porch - continuous Bob stand right next to she , grab she shoulder ... bob Grace , slow down . I will call she and say you be on you way ... grace no ... the baby might be napping . ( get on the bike , desperate ) I have to go . I be late ... bob ( quietly ) okay , okay ... ( touch she arm ) what do you want to tell I ? Grace finally stop for a second and look into Bob 's eye ... grace ( sweetly , with a hide sadness ) I love you . before Bob can say anything , she pedal away -- mel follow . bob mel. stay . mel stop . Bob stand on the porch , watch Grace ride away ... something 's wrong . CUT to : ext . megan and joe' house - later - same evening a wide shot ... Grace 's bike be on its side on the front porch , the back wheel still spin . through the screen door , we see megan , hugging Grace tightly ... fade out . up on : int . megan and joe' house - later - same evening Grace sit at the table , she face soak and red from tear . megan place a glass of water in front of she ; the phone ring ... megan I be answer it this time . grace no , let the machine get it . megan I would be home by now ... ( answer phone ) hello ... hi bib ... Grace wave , " please say I be not here . " megan ( cont would ) you just miss she ... ( look at Grace 's red , sad face ) no , she seem fine ... tired ? ( remember babysit lie ) oh yes , from the kid ... yeah , she will probably go straight to bed ... I have the ringer off cuz of the baby ... hm - mm , I would wait till morning ... sure , no problem . night . megan hang up the phone . Grace start cry again . megan ( cont would ) he 's so in love with you ... grace ohmigod , ohmigod ... what be God think ? megan grab she purse and key off the counter . megan I will take you back over , let 's go ... grace wait...no ... what do I say ? megan you just tell he ... grace I know ... but what do I say ? megan the truth ... grace how ? megan just tell he ... say , Bob ... grace ( wait for megan to go on ) you can not even say it . Joe , carry a sleep Tommy , walk into the kitchen , follow by Patrick in he scout uniform . Joe stop the minute he sense the mood and see the expression on megan and especially Grace 's face ... joe who die ? megan no one ... grace Bob 's wife ... joe he 's marry ? that bastard ... tommy ( still sleepy eye ) bastard . megan Joe , shh ... joe ( to Grace ) you want I to go over there and handle this ? grace no...no ... joe ( get louder ) I know it ... he be way too nice ... megan Joe ! out ! ( she physically lean on he ) take the boy upstairs ... joe what be go on ? do not push ... Grace , tell I what 's go on ... megan ( just blurt it out ) Grace have Bob 's dead wife 's heart ... now go ... joe ( nonpluse ) why do not you just tell I that ? ( exit with the kid ) geeze ... megan just shake she head at Grace ... boy he 's simple . CUT to : ext . oxrielly restaurant - back courtyard - next day marty 's sit in the courtyard , smoking a cigar . Grace sweep the same spot of cobblestone over and over ... neither speak a word for some time ... finally , marty get up and go to Grace ... marty Grace , it be a character of strength that God give the most challenge ... ( put he hand under she chin ) consider it a compliment . Bob walk up to the back gate . marty see he first ... bob Excuse I , I be wonder if a beautiful artist live here ? Grace do not turn for a second . marty spin she around ... marty Robert . ( squeeze Grace 's shoulder and turn to leave ) I be just tell Grace you call and say you would be stop by . marty exit . Grace be a bundle of nerve ... Bob open the gate , revealing a shiny new red and white bike with a big ribbon on it . he ring its bell . grace a bike ... ( deeply touch ) you buy I a bike ... bob ( take off the ribbon ) you have not even open it yet . grace with a basket ... she hug he and hold on tightly ... overcome with emotion . bob I think she like it . ( he hug she back , tightly ) Grace ... be everything okay ? grace ( pull away , but stay close ) no ... I wait too long ... to tell you something ... bob you be tremble ... Grace take Bob 's hand and place it at the nape of she neck . softly , she guide he finger down inside she blouse ... she look deeply into he eye , while gently touch she scar with he finger ... grace a little over a year ago , I have a heart transplant ... bob oh my God ... ( sigh of relief ) I think you be go to tell I you be marry or something ... ( hug she , squeeze she ) be you okay ? ( let up a bit on the hug ) be I hurt you .. be you alright now ? Grace 's eye well with tear ... grace no...yes ... now sobbing , she reach into she pocket and take out the pink envelope ... grace this be I ... ( hand the letter to Bob ) Bob stare at the familiar pale pink envelope ... Grace watch he ... should she touch he , should she speak , should she leave ? Bob 's leg weaken as he look in Grace 's eye . she grab he arm and together they fall to they knee . Grace comfort he without word ... cradling he in she arm ... slowly she press he cheek to she chest ... Bob close he tearful eye and listen . fade out : up on : white screen the light slowly disperse as hint of blue sky peek through , we be descending , once again , through the cloud as the morning sun break over the horizon ... ext . unfinished steel framed sky scraper we find Bob , in the same clothes from last night , sit on a beam , hold the pale pink letter ... ext . o'rielly be - back courtyard - morning - same day Grace , emotionally drain , carry she portfolio and a small suitcase . two other suitcase lean against the back gate . she walk she bike out ... marty you be sure you can check this ? megan pull up in she mini - van , get out , open the back ... grace yes , I want to take it . megan throw the suitcase in the back of the mini-van . angelo fabrizio will pick you up at the airport in Rome . marty he should know you be leave ... megan Grace , do not leave ... grace ( shake she head ) he want time to think ... marty hug Grace , wiping she tear away ... marty you pray in Rome . God will hear you better ... Grace get into the van . megan pull away . marty and angelo stand at the curb , watch the car drive away ... CUT to : up on : ext . high rise construction site - next morning - dawn Bob , with Mike and Jeff follow closely behind , walk at a brisk pace while dial he cell phone ... mike Electrical inspector , on the seventeenth floor . he approve it , and we can go ahead and lay the cable ... Bob try dial a number again . bob yeah , yeah , I will go right up ... Bob slap the cell phone shut ; the battery 's dead . bob ( cont would ) Jeff , you be sure I do not get any call this morning ? jeff Phillip and Reagan about wabash ... that 's it ... they enter the trailer . CUT to : int . construction trailer - continuous Bob throw he hard hat down and immediately start dial the phone . Mike 's lighting up a smoke . Jeff 's surround by blueprint . they exchange a " something 's up " look ... bob ( into phone ) Sophie ? hi , be Grace there ?... you be sure ? marty there ? uh-huh ...uh- huh ... I do not have meg 's number on I ... ( quickly jot down megan 's number ) thanks ... Bob hang up and immediately dial megan 's number . Jeff hand he a invoice to sign , which he do , while impatiently wait for someone to pick up the phone on the other end ... bob ( cont would ) ( into phone ) c'mon , meg ... jeff Bob , I will ride with you to the zoo ... the suit be meeting we at noon ... bob ( slamm the phone down ) damn it ! Mike , do I a favor ... ( hand he megan 's number ) keep try this . mike and ... bob tell they to hold and come get I . c'mon , Jeff , let 's take a look at seventeen . they exit . Mike start dial . CUT to : ext . megan and joe' house - same day Bob be at the front door , talk to a teenage baby -sitter . bob be Grace with she ? baby-sitter I do not know ... ( yawn ) she leave really early ... before regis and kathie Lee ... bob ( take a pen from he pocket ) here 's my cell number . ( check pocket for paper ) do you have a piece of paper ? baby-sitter ( grab he pen ) go ahead . she 's ready to write ... on the palm of she hand . bob o-kay...461-0192 ... ask megan to call I ... the babysitter casually blow on she hand to dry the ink ... baby-sitter yep ... Bob glance at he watch , run down the step and hop into he truck . CUT to : ext . lincoln park zoo - gorilla habitat - later - same day Mike and Jeff exit the trailer , shaking hand with the suit ... final touch be underway in the b.g. mike ( look around ) where be he ? I think he be come over with you ... jeff he leave before I do ... Charlie glance up and spot Bob , who 's run towards they ... they walk and talk ... mike where be you ? bob I be here . mike ( cont would ) they just leave . I tell them you back go out , so if you see they , limp or something ... bob Jeff , any call ? jeff yeah ... Charlie . he 's move Sydney in ... ( look at he watch ) ... about now ... want he comfortable by the dedication ... p.r. thing ... bob Fine . talk to I about the pipe ? mike they're in , waterfall will be on time ... Bob look up and see marty walk through the zoo ... bob you guy go ahead ... ( yell ) marty ! Bob walk to join marty ... marty sit on a bench , admire the new habitat ... a lush green , natural environment . there be large tree , a pond , small waterfall ... it 's a " Garden of eden " . a happy Sydney play on one of the large oak tree . marty I would live here ... bob yeah , it 's nice , be not it ? you alone ? marty yes ... ( gesture Bob to sit ) gotta minute ? Bob glance back at Mike and Jeff , who be now busy with Charlie ... bob ( he sit ) yeah sure ... marty now Robert , this be none of my business . I know what have happen be overwhelming and you need time to sort it all out ... but in you sorting , just know , that when I pray and pray for Grace to get another chance at life ... I know that if God bless we , the heart would have to be from someone very special , if it 's to be at home in Grace ... when she meet you ... she heart beat truly , for the first time ... marty in a fatherly way , put he hand on Bob 's shoulder ... stand to leave ... marty ( cont would ) perhaps it be mean to be with you always ... marty slowly walk away , leave Bob to he thought . as Bob look up at the habitat , Sydney be sit in the oak tree stare at he ... Bob do the " sign " for " hi " . Sydney sign something back ... Bob 's not sure what . Sydney repeat the sign ... Bob get up and go to a display illustrate the proper " sign " for each letter of the alphabet . he look up at Sydney , who impatiently " sign " the same message . Bob look to the board and match the first letter ... " G " . he look to Sydney , who hit he chest and " sign " again . Bob glance down to the board ... " o " . bob ( spin around ) marty ! Bob start to run after marty ... Charlie come around the corner to see Bob run ... he turn to Sydney ... who repeat the " G " - " o " . Charlie laugh . charlie ( to Sydney ) you can go in there ... CUT to : ext . piazza nouvona - rome , italy - day the two historic fountain , on either end of the piazza , be surround by artist painting on canvase . a group of three nun stop at Grace 's easel ... they " ooh " and " ahh " ... Grace sit in front of a blank canvas . she turn to they ... nun bicicletta ... grace oh ...my bike ... Grace move the easel so they can see the whole bike ... nun que belisima ... grace oh thank you ... grazi . the nun gather 'round it ... admire the basket ... grace would you like to ride it ? nun oh...no-no-no ... Grace walk the bike out a bit and kick up the kick-stand ... grace please ... nun ( get on the bike ) no-no-no ... ( she ring the bell , turn to the other nun ) una momento ... and she ride off ringing the bell ... pigeon scatter ... at the far side of the square , Bob search through the sea of artist in the square , some at easel , other on the ground , some sit on the ledge of the fountain ... he hear a bell and turn ... the nun go riding past on the bike ... Bob squint he eye ... unsure of what he just see ... he curiously follow ... be that Grace 's bike ? he then pick up he pace ... the nun negotiate the turn around a fountain . Bob start to run after she ... the two disappear into the crowd ... grace back at the easel , she prepare she paint while the nun look patiently throughout the crowd for a sign of they friend ... one of they start to giggle and point ... Grace turn to look ... we see the nun on the handle bar , she habit flap in the wind ... Grace and the two nun watch as the bike slow and stop in front of they ... the nun hop off the handle bar , revealing Bob , smile , a little wind .. as he get off the bike ... nun ( to Grace , indicate Bob ) tu amour ? grace ( eye fill with tear ) Si ... the three nun stand there watch as Grace run to Bob ... as they embrace ... grace ( smile through she tear ) you come all the way to Italy ... bob yeah ... I do . I come all the way to Italy ... ( not let go ) I love you , Grace . fade out : up on : ext . lincoln park zoo - primate house - day the dedication ceremony , already in progress . Bob and Charlie sit on the stage as a respectable - size crowd , patiently listen to Mr. bennington , who near the end of he long - wind speech ... mr . bennington ... but my money be not what we be here to talk about ... Bob see marty , wally , emmett and angelo , all with they hat in they hand , dress in they Sunday best ... he wink at Grace ... she smile ... mr . bennington ( cont would ) so it be with great pleasure , I introduce you to the man responsible for this beautifully design gorilla habitat , Mr. Bob rueland . a nice round of applause from the crowd , Bob go to the ... podium , behind he , the large photo of katherine and sydney . ( the same photo Katherine show at " the a.r.t.s. benefit dinner " . ) all eye be on Bob ... bob thank you , Mr. bennington , for the introduction and you contribution ... bennington stand and take a bow . bob ( cont would ) I would like to thank everyone who have contribute they time and energy , my incredibly dedicated crew , lincoln Park 's board of director , and the supervise veterinarian , my dear friend , Dr. Charles Johnson . courteous applause . bob ( cont would ) the dedication of this new home for Sydney and he family have great meaning for I ... personally . my wife ... Katherine ... Dr. Katherine rueland , spend many year with Sydney ... he be find wounded by poacher , it be Katherine who nurse he back to health . ( look at Grace ) but most importantly , it be she uncompromising passion that bring we all here today . Grace smile up at Bob , marty take she hand , squeeze it ... bob so it be with great honor that I dedicate this habitat in loving memory of Dr. Katherine rueland ... applause . the camera , still hold on Bob , slowly rise up and away , the cloud fill our frame ... fade to white . the end