return of the ape by Terry haye first draft 1996 deep space . no atmosphere , no life , nothing . just a web of light - a billion star hang in a velvet void . the only sound be the howl of the cosmic wind . the light of a distant sun strike a rise planet . we see rag continent and ocean wreathe in cloud . this be earth rise . we world spin slowly in space , a thing of beauty , of awesome majesty . in all this nothingness - life . we push in on the planet - in to the Americas . the wind grow louder - a pueblo village . a break - down pick - up bump into a god-forsaken villagea cluster of adobe house , blind flurry of dust and sand . the pick - up stop in front of a crumble church . a man in he 60 get out carry a medical bag . this be the doctor . ' a woman' face . scream . she 's very young - a South american indian - lie on a bed in a corner of one of the house . she be in the final throes of childbirth , a sheet drape over she loin . the Doctor work between she leg , encourage she in Spanish . the local priest , not long out of the seminary , crouch at she side count off the bead of a rosary . he look like he be about to pass out . suddenly the woman bite down hard on her lip . a thin line of blood course down her chin . the breath explode from her lung as she push really hard - doctor arriva ! he lift the child from she loin , but it make no sound . we do not see the baby - just the shock on the Doctor 's face . the mother struggle up to see she child . the Doctor grab the sheet from she torso and cover the baby with it . he thrust the bundle into the Priest 's hand . doctor ( cont 'd ) ( in Spanish ) Dead - the child be dead . now go ! we hold on the mother 's anguish face . dissolve to a helicopter off the roof of a tall hospital building . as it rise up into the night we see a red cross paint on its side . it 's a air ambulance . the chopper turn away . the Manhattan skyline , every skyscraper a blaze of light , open up behind it . the chopper swoops over the Brooklyn bridge and into the night . grove of tree Winter 's come on - every leaf be a different shade of amber and gold . the helicopter drop down between the branch and land on a immaculately tend lawn . surround it be the gracious building of a great university . Harvard . two paramedics clamber out of the back of the helicopter and load a stainless steel casket onto a gurney . they wheel it fast towards one of the building . as they go ' through the front door , we hold on a sign etched into the stone department of biology a pair of mechanical hand slide a long cylindrical " key " into the stainless steel casket . we pull back to reveal the casket lie in a seal , uncontaminated room . a group of people in lab coat -scientist and researcher - stare through the glass wall . a young technician , work at a console , keyboard in a series of command . sswhish . the top of the steel casket swing open . Cloud of white gas stream out - whatever 's inside have be nitrogen cool . the gas clear . lying inside be the body of a newborn child - except that the baby have the skin , the face and the feature of a man of eighty . the scientist and the researcher react - shocked . one of the mechanical hand glide towards the baby . in its finger it hold a long steel scalpel . this be the high - tech autopsy you have ever see . the scalpel drive down , about to open the chest cavity - blood sprays but not from the baby 's chest - it 's in glass vial , explode as white - hot flame consume they . a plastic-gloved lab assistant , silhouett against the flame , be empty hospital waste into a furnace . he slam the door shut . he turn we see he face . he 's in he 4 os , handsome in a rough-hewn way - a strong jaw and a muscular body . there 's a cool intelligence in he eye , but a two - day beard and a wear - out uniform make he look like a man who , between youth and middle - age , lose he way . and so he have . his name be will robinson . he take a steel trolley , wheel it through a set of swing door and out of sight . close circuit tv screen feature the image of one of the scientist we recognize from the autopsy . she 's in she 30 - attractive , long hair leave loose on she shoulder , a air of authority about she . her name be billie rae diamond . she be a Professor of biology . we tilt down from the screen . it hang from a wall in a desert laboratory - overhead light , row and row of wire animal cage . move down death row , feed the lab animal , be will Robinson . two sad - eyed chimp , cleaning each other in there tiny cage , turn and stare at he . suddenly will stop - he's heard something on the screen that have caught he attention . he turn and look - diamond the exact cause of death be still unknown . what be certain - we be deal with something we have never see before . every organ in the body be affect ... superimpose over diamond 's face be a three dimensional , computer - generate graphic of the baby 's body . will forget about what he 's do . he walk towards the screen . we push in on it . screed of new data appear vascular system ............... atrophy neurological function ......... senile dementia we hold on will 's eye - he stare at it . a auditorium billy rae diamond stand on a podium continue she briefing . about forty scientist be sit in front of she in a dimly - light lecture hall . diamond be even more impressive in person - she be tall and gracious but you do not become a Professor at Harvard ' at she age without have a iron will and a sparkling intelligence . she speak with great authority - diamond ( cont 'd ) the baby in question , Michael James flanagan - she point at the computer - generate graphic on a huge screen be bear at New York Hospital yesterday . map of the world illuminate a adjoining screen - diamond but the Center for Disease Control in Atlanta have receive similar report from a village in Bolivia , two city in Australia , seven country in Europe , a cluster of case in Namibia and Mexico . forty - two case in all . as she speak , pinpoint of light on the map identify the exact location . they dot they way across the entire globe . Dr diamond turn to face she audience - diamond ( cont 'd ) like Michael flanagan , they be full - term baby . two hundred and seventy eight day since conception and yet , by all reasonable medical standard , they have complete they entire life cycle . they have go from conception to death , not in three score year and ten , but in slightly less than nine month . Michael flanagan die of old age . silence as diamond let the scientist and researcher absorb it . on a balcony high above , another man be take note . he sit alone , almost hide in shadow . it 's will Robinson . sheet of ice on a shutter door will crouch in front of a row of self - storage unit on the edge of town . it 's night , the place be desert . he slip a rusted key into a padlock . snapl the key break . will curse . he grab a piece of timber and pull a nail out of it . he slide the nail into the padlock and manipulate the tumbler . the padlock spring open . spider weave a web in a corner of the storage unit . a work light hang from the ceiling . will be rip open stack of box from long ago . he put together a pile of yellowing file and old floppy disk . pull out a cassette tape and stare at it , unsure what be on it . he take a cassette player from out of the junk , slide it in and presses " play " a huge round of applause . as it die , we hear a man' voice . it's will , speak from year ago - will ( on tape ) I would like to thank the faculty and staff for this great honor ... we push in on will 's face as he listen to himself ... will ( cont 'd ) have have the opportunity to work with three talented colleague . I be privileged to also call they my friend - a shadow of pain cross he face . he shut off the tape and sit motionless . lafayette park night . homeless people in the park build cardboard shelter against a come storm . across the road , the first drop of rain splatter against the White House . a string of government car pass through the huge gate and pull up in front of the West portico . from inside , we hear a man 's voice - well - speak , authoritative president ( o.s. ) there 's no mistake - you be sure ? jefferson library diamond sit in the President 's study - book -line wall , a fire in the hearth . a group of man sit on the sofasthe surgeon - General , the Chief of staff , the National Security advisor , the secretaw of Health . a table be litter with graph end file . diamond we have get five thousand case now , Mr President . that 's in three week . the number be double every hundred and sixty - eight hour . the President stand near a window , half in shadow , the firelight play across he face . he 's in he 50 's but the strain of office make he look older . diamond ( cont 'd ) that 's a geometric progression , sir . in three month there ' Il be over seven million case . after that we hit the wall - she push a thick , bound volume across the table . diamond ( cont 'd ) accord to this , there will not be a live birth on the planet . the President look at she for a moment . then he reach down and pick up the bound volume . it 's hundred of page of number and projection . president this be just computer projection - species do not disappear that fast . diamond tell that to the dinosaur , sir . he look out the window at the winter storm sweeping down on they . national security advisor what date - when exactly do we hit this wall ? diamond six month and twenty - one day . silence . the President keep look out the window . president can not somebody tell I - what exactly be we deal with . be it a virus or what ? diamond we do not know , sir . the President turn to the Chief of staff . president whatever they need , Bob - anything . Harry Truman put together the Manhattan Project - you understand ? the Chief of staff nod he head - yes . president ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) a world without child - it 's inconceivable . and what about the rest of we - what do we do ? just sit and watch we species die ? will the last person to leave the planet turn out the light . silence again . finally a young woman - the White House Press Secretary - speak . PRESS secretary we be go to have to manage the public . right now , the truth may be inoperative - president of course we be go to have to manage itl we be go to have to manage a whole lot of thing . but can not we take at least one moment to be human ? he look around the room . we hold on they somber face . a cheap apartment through the window - the neon sign of a gas station . this be will 's place , he life alone - a bed in the corner , run-down furniture , dish in the sink . the kitchen table have be turn into a desk - will sit at a old computer , surround by the yellowing stack of file and floppy disk . he stare at the screen - the note and equation be blurred . he 's be at this so long , he can barely focus . he rub he hand across he eye . a small mew sound . will turn to a alcove in the corner - a cat lie in a basket , panting . will go to she . she 's give birth - the first of she new - bear kitten lie next to she . will stroke the mother 's head , look at the miracle of new life . he put he finger in a water bowl , about to moisten the mother 's mouth . then he stop . he look again at the kitten - there 's two of they now . a beat as he just stare - will ( softly ) Jesus Christ ... of course ! a luxurious bathroom through frost glass we see the silhouette of a woman take a shower . whoever she be , she 's get a great figure . the sound of a doorbell . the shower door open - diamond stick she head out . she look at a clock - it 's almost midnight . video entry phone a video screen monitor the front door . on it we see will - he hair tousle , a old overcoat buttone to the neck , a batter briefcase under he arm . diamond - a towel around she shoulder , hair drip - pick up the phone . diamond who be it ? will ( o.s. ) will Robinson . diamond I think you have the wrong house . will ( o.s. ) I work at the department . he turn and look straight into the camera . instinctively , diamond cover she breast . she look at he - recognition dawns . a elegant room will and diamond sit in the live room of a gracious townhouse - wooden floor and beautiful rug . diamond do not wear any make - up - just jeans and a oversize shirt . she look even more beautiful . it do nothing to ease will 's nerve . he 's get he briefcase open in front of he , speak from sheave of note and papers . diamond ( interrupt ) hold on - how do you know about the case load ? the government 's try to manage this - they have withheld that information . will the Internet , Doctor . it 's a highway - you can ride it anywhere you want . I get into ' the Center for Disease Control . I have a look at they raw data . diamond Jesus . do you know what you be do ? this be the White House we be talk about . will ( heated ) ) no , it 's a disease and it do not come any worse than this - that 's what we be talk about . he look away , calming himself . he shuffle he note . he speak again , quietly - will I have listen at the lab - I think I know where you be look . bacterias mostly , but there 's a strong push into the retro-viruse . you be wrong , Doctor . diamond really - and I think I be arrogant . but then , I be just a professor . will no virus or bacteria have ever discriminate on the grounds of sex . diamond I can think of one . will sure , it can start in pocket but it never stay there . this thing do . it only affect woman of child - bear age . what - it 's so smart it can recognize motherhood ? I do not think so . no , this be into the very heart of what we be . this be genetic . this be part of the DNA . diamond thank you . a hundred thousand gene make up human DNA - that really narrow it down . will as a matter of fact it do . there 's only one part of the DNA that 's pass exclusively through woman . thirty - seven gene , the oldest part of the human organism - diamond ( realize ) the mitochondrial DNA . will over the year there 's be speculation - not all of it crazy either - that somehow it triggers aging , he slide a sheaf of yellowing extract from scientific journal across the table . she do not pay they any attention - she 's think . diamond you realize what you be say , do not you ? a bacteria - I think we would get it for sure . a virus - you would have to say we have get a chance . but say you be right . the mitochondrial DNA - that 's so far out on the frontier , we can barely see it . will like I say - it do not get any worse than this . she keep stare down at the document and note lie on the table . a beat . will ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? diamond sure . will look at her for a moment - will shit . you be pregnant , be not you ? diamond nine week . there eye meet - she shrug , try to put a brave face on it . she get to her feet - diamond do you want a drink - coffee , a sandwich or something ? will ( recoil ) no...no , I be fine thanks . watch as he pick up he papers and put they back in he batter briefcase . a empty STREET it 's late at night . will clutches he briefcase under he arm , head home . a bitter wind blow out of the north . he look a lonely and forlorn figure as he make he way through the pool of light cast by the streetlight . convoy of n.a.s.a. truck rumble through the early morning - the CITY be just waking . the truck , dozen of white eighteen - wheeler , turn through the front gate of harvard . they stop in front of the grove of tree . we crane up from they to a window in the biology build - hand hit a table it's diamond - she' angry . breakfast trays clutter the table - she' in the middle of a conference with a group of scientist . she glare at a arrogant young neurologist - diamond it 's just a idea , Bob . all we be do be take it for a walk around the block . a man in he 60 - distinguished , diplomatic - intercede . do maupassant there be a lot of work do on it in the 7 os . I can not recall the detail but someone have the idea that mitochondriel DNA be like a genetic memory . if you could unlock it , you could physically travel back down it . through evolution - like a time machine . bob wowl that 70 , man . I be really sorry I miss they . everyone - diamond include - laugh . old photo of a sailing boat they hang on the wall of a tiny room - not a office , just a hole - in- the - wall will have turn into he own . he sit at a table , make note . a knock - diamond enter . diamond I think you would like to know - we be look at mitochondrial DNA , will thanks for tell I . they look at one another . it be a awkward moment - neither one quite sure whether or how to continue the conversation . diamond sees the photo - diamond be that you ? she point at a man in he 20 stand on the deck in one of the photo , will nod . diamond ( cont 'd ) Seattle . be that where you go to school ? will hesitates - we sense that he do not really want to answer . will no. Princeton . diamond expensive . will a scholarship . then I do some post-graduate work ... I never really finish . something in the way will say it - some sense of loss - make diamond pause . she recover and look in she wallet . she pull out a photograph and hand it to will . it show a small sailing boatgaff - rig and a varnish hull . will ( cont 'd ) it 's a kestrel 24 - I have not see one of that in year . she 's a beautiful boati diamond my grandfather leave it to I . I do not sail it much any more - it 's too hard to find a for'etd hand . will what about you husband - do not he sail . diamond I do not know - I have not meet he yet . will look at her . he expression say it - what ? she shrug - diamond I want a baby but I be thirty - four-year old . sooner or later you realize that somewhere along the way you have miss the man you have be wait for . will what do you do - ask a friend ? diamond I think of it . will lucky friend . diamond I go to a clinic . not exactly romantic , but it work . ( pause ) good idea , bad timing . will how many people have you put on the mdna ? diamond Seven . will that 's all ?! diamond that 's all I can spare . it 's just a theory - one of dozen of theory . will look away in disgust . diamond ( cont 'd ) what be it with you - it 's not just science be it ? why be you so passionate about this ? will I know I be right . it 's a mutation . a hundred thousand year it 's probably be lie there - shifting , weaving into the mdna . you either go back and change evolution or you engineer it out . Seven people you might as well shoot peas at a dam . diamond you have not answer my question - why so passionate ? will the question 's not relevant . the only thing I be interested in be the science . he turn back to he work . we hear the door close as diamond leave . a geodesic dome White , space -age , be be erect on the lawn . Workmen be unload the NASA truck . we pull back through a high window of the biology building . a woman stand there , look out . her name be kris mcquade . this be she office - mcquade you want to tell I what 's go on ? she turn and look at diamond , sit on the other side of the desk , diamond do not ask , kris , I would have to lie and I do not want to do that to my best friend , mcquade the rumor be , you have do something really big . they say the Defense Department be take it over . diamond just sit there , stare straight ahead . mcquade wait . finally - mcquade ( cont 'd ) okay , okay - I be sorry I ask . so what about this guy - what 's he do ? diamond he have not do anything - I be just interested . mcquade ten thousand employment record I have get on file and you want to know about a lab assisant ? diamond the smartest assistant I have ever know . mcquade what - he can mop and fart at the same time ? she pick up page from a computer printer - include a copy of will 's photo i.d . mcquade ( cont 'd ) he 's handsome , at least I will say - ( a think strike she ) Jesus - you be not interested in he like that , be you ? diamond no , but he 's the most unbelievable smell man . mcquade smell ? you be pregnant - obviously you hormone have go crazy . what exactly do he smell like ? diamond you know ... ( search for the right word ) .. , wholesome . mcquade of course he do - that 's the lysol . diamond laugh but mcquade barely notice it . she 's leaf through wiu 's file - mcquade ( cont 'd ) that 's strange - there 's suppose to be a background sheet . family , school - all that shit . it must have get lose . before diamond can say anything , a young man enter . he 's mcquada 's assistant . assistant you secretary 's on the line , Dr diamond . there 's a call for you . diamond tell she to take a message . assistant it 's the New York Times . mcquade what do they want ? diamond I think Washington 's news management just go south . the white house night . score of television news van be park outsidedutch , japanese and french reporter be do stand - up live - to-air . we hear Peter jenning of ABC . jenning ( o.s. ) we be stand by to go live to Washington as event continue to unfold on this remarkable day . I do not think there 's a person anywhere who 's not sit by a radio or television now . I be tell the President be on he way to the press room - fifth avenue be totally empty - just a young man on rollerblade . he skate effortlessly down the desert avenue - past Tiffany 's and the trump Tower , all silent now . president ( o.s. ) my fellow Americans ... the rollerblader pass the cathedral of St John . the front door be open . someone be play the organ - mozart 's requiem . the rollerblader fade into the night . steel door open a sharp - face caretaker - scruffy clothes and a limp - escort will into a vault basement . all we can see be silhouettestower of crate , rack of equipment ... caretaker this use to be the basement of the psychology Department . we just sort of stack everything around them - he flick a switch - the storage room flood with light . he point at two long iron cylinder - like small submarine - rig up to a series of valve and pipe . caretaker ( cont 'd ) flotation tank . they use them for experiment in sensory degradation - will deprivation - sensory deprivation . caretaker yeah , well - whatever . shaft of light will open a iron hatch that give access into one of the tank . he drop into it and walk forward , examining it . the darkness close around he . he stare ahead . voice drift out of memory - young man ( o.s. ) now I know what a mole feel like - young woman ( o.s. ) ( lightly ) it feel like a fuck coffin , that 's what it feel like . other voice laugh . they be all young and like the young they think they will never die . caretaker ( o.s. ) hey , fella - what be you do ? he's peering down through the hatch . will drag himself out of the past . he turn - will just look . I will be come back - I will need a key . the caretaker shrug - sure . will climb out of the tank . will ( cont 'd ) one other thing - do not tell anyone , huh ? caretaker who would I tell ? they treat I like shit worse than shit . all work , no appreciation . the phantom of Harvard . someone should write a fuck musical about I . circle of light desk lamp , glow in a office . diamond and a team of researcher be work through pile of old journal and extract from scientific papers . researcher here 's another one - " mitochondrial dnaa map to the past . " diamond who 's it by ? researcher same guy - Doctor Robert Plant . diamond Jesus , what do this guy do - write the book on it ? who be he ? huge book be opened it 's a scientific directory . the researcher flick the page and stop at " Plant " . researcher wow - I think you career be impressive . diamond look up from she read . researcher ( cont 'd ) degree in medicine and microbiology . a phd at 24 , a member of the Academy of Sciences , publish twenty time by 1974 ... diamond and then ? researcher then nothing . diamond react . she get to her feet , coming closer - diamond where do he go as a undergraduate ? researcher Princeton . diamond on a scholarship ? a corridor it 's late at night . the scientist and they staff be work around the clock . will wheel a trolley laden with bottle , vial , and catheter down a crowded corridor . diamond push through the people behind , try to catch up to he . scientist turn to speak to she but she ignore they . diamond ( cont 'd ) Robert ! will keep walk , head for a elevator . diamond skirt around a knot of people . diamond ( cont 'd ) Doctor Plant ! will hesitates - one split second - then keep go . the elevator door slide open . will step in , turn and hit a button . he watch diamond push towards he . for a moment they eye meet . she come closer . sswhish ! the door slide shut . diamond office she sit behind she desk , listen to the chief of campus security . security officer the equipment you see he with be take from three lab . it include a range of genetic material - ( hand she a inventory ) we have check all the building you team be use - he 's not in any of they . diamond what about hie house ? security officer he ask he landlady to look after he cat . she have not see he for three day . in the basement there 's a make - shift bed and a hot-plate with a batter saucepan . next to it be a rack of medical equipment and laboratory vial . will be sit'ting in front of three computer run in parallel - data and equation reel across they . the caretaker come out of the shadow , carry two mug of thick coffee . he put one down next to will - caretaker you wanna tell I what exactly you be do ? will look for a date . the caretaker stare at the confusion of diagram and equation on the screen - caretaker what 's wrong with a calendar ? will this be chemical sequence - they represent human gene . by follow a trail of mutation , I can date they . I be try to find out when a major change occur in something call the mitochondrial DNA . caretaker the mitochondrial DNA ? yeah ... well that make sense . but will barely hear it . suddenly he 's lean forward , keyboard in complex command . the caretaker watch he - caretaker ( cont 'd ) you have find it ? will maybe ... he have illustration of two long - chain molecule on the screen . he move they together . aa they overlap , we see they be not identical - the tail of one kick upwarda . will starel at it - will ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) yeah - I have find it . caretaker so - what 's the date ? will press a key . faster than the eye can follow , the first long - chain molecule start to shift and mutate . finally it resolve itself into the second molecule . will look at a graph on the side of the screen - will the best computer science can do ? one hundred and two thousand year ago . caretaker sort of what I figure - give or take a day or two . diamond office diamond be poring through scientific article write by will . she flick a page - there 's a photo of will , 20 year young , surround by three colleague . he 's get he arm around one of they - a attractive young woman . diamond lift the photo , look at it more closely . she start to read the caption . we push in on it and hold on the word ... " uc Berkeley " . we be flying swoop and soar - through a weird landscape of tower cliff , tumble stream and primordial forest . there 's something unreal about it - we pull back to reveal they be computer - generate image , play on the screen in the basement . the caretaker have pull up a chair . he and will be watch the image generate by a cd-rom . will this be someone 's version of the prehistoric world . I be interested in the geography , the atmosphere - that sort of stuff . caretaker where be we ? will Africa - that 's where mankind start . will keep look at the strange image . the caretaker get to he foot - caretaker I will see you in the morning . will yeah . the caretaker limp towards the door . will look up - will ( cont 'd ) thank you - for help I , I mean . caretaker it sound like you be leave or something . will no . I just want to say it , that 's all . the caretaker keep look at he - caretaker what exactly be you do ? you be a bit old to try and make you mark , be not you ? anyway , nobody listen to people like we . will fate can be kind - sometimes a man get a second chance . do you know what it 's like to be ridicule , to have you idea throw back in you face ? and that be the easy part . I guess that 's what I be do - I want to prove that I be right . caretaker you be lie to I . will what do you mean ?! caretaker you be go somewhere . I do not know where it be . I be not even sure I can imagine it . good luck , though . I hope you find whatever it be you be look for . will thanks . caretaker no point in get you breakfast , huh ? will shake he head - no . they smile at each other . the caretaker turn and go . diamond office diamond look up from the papers and article littering she desk . her Secretary stand in the doorway - secretary I have get Eleanor Wilkins on the phone . she run the archive at Berkeley . diamond ( into phone ) ms Wilkins ? we push in tight on diamond 's face as she listen . anxiety and alarm register on it . outer office the security officer and several of he man be look at map of the campus . researcher and scientist have gather in the office , rumor be fly . everyone turn - diamond stand in the doorway to she office . she look at demaupassant . diamond ( cont 'd ) you be right , luc . that work you remember from Berkeley - he be the one that do it . he say man be the last step on a evolutionary trail . within every one of we be the history of we race . it 's imprint on we gene - like a map . anyone that can find the chemical key can travel back down it . through the womb . through time and space - ( she look at they all ) that 's what he 's do . he 's go back . he 's go to try and change evolution . security officer be that possible ? diamond he be the best of he generation . he think so . he 's get the genetic material for the key . all he need be flotation tank . the flotation tank the valve be open - warm water be pour into the tank . will sit next to the rack of medical equipment , bead of sweat on he forehead . he slide a syringe into he forearm and insert a catheter . he open a series of tiny valve on the glass vial . a cocktail of fluid - minutely measure dose - flow down the clear plastic towards he arm . the fluid hit he blood stream and drain into it . a long corridor diamond and the other run fast through pool of light cast by naked bulb . ahead -a pair of swing door - bob a theory 's one thing - do you really think he will try it ? diamond he 's spend fifteen year as a lab assistant . he life in a two room walk - up with a cat . no family , no friend . what 's there 's leave for he here ? of course he will do it . smack ! they push through the door , into another corridor . a iron ladder will climb up the side of the flotation tank . suddenly he stop - a tremor , a rippling wave , pass from he foot to he head . it 's he muscle contracting . it wrack he with pain . he gasp at the intensity of it . smash ! the steel door into the basement shudder as someone try to get in . will look up - the door twist and move . his vision be start to distort . he grab the access hatch and swing through - splashl he drop into the water . clang ! he close the hatch . barn ? the steel door fly open . the security officer lower a sledge hammer . diamond step in end throw a light switch . darkness in the tank will float on he back , the only sound be the rapid thump of he heartbeat . the water sloshes back and forth - he muscle be go into spasm . we push along he body - up to he face . his eye roll back into he headl all we see be the white of they . they shatter into a web of capillary - will Pov red mist swirl in front of he . it resolve itself into a web of interwoven tendril - the double helix of the DNA molecule . will start to travel through it - inside the tank will be morph , shed cell - we be lose he in the warm , dark fluid of the tank . it 's like the womb . his body seem to be disintegrate , dissolve into it . Water flow through the socket where he eye once be . his hollow mouth open . from far away we hear he scream - a primal scream . outside the tank not a sound escape . the security officer be about to try and open the hatch . diamond ( o.s. ) no ! the security officer turn - diamond be hold the catheter in she hand . diamond ( cont 'd ) if we open the hatch , I think we will kill he . it 's too late - it 's he journey , he 's go to have to take it . inside the tank will 's body be like a shadow , almost one with the water , grow less distinct by the moment . what be leave of he face - a strange , shifting shape - float towards we . closer ... closer . it melt completely into the water - will Pov he spiral down a tunnel - into a whirlpool of white light . as he hit , it shatter into a million fragment of light . it look like a comet , wheeling through the heaven . a cosmic wind blow it forward . will be travel through space and time - outside the tank diamond and the other be gather around the computer . Bob be work the keyboard . diamond be look . through the pile of papers , note and star chart . diamond everything 's here - he keep a record of every step . he can even tell the date - forty hour after he arrive there 's a solar eclipse . bob billie - there 's a note for you . diamond look over he shoulder at the computer screen . she read what be writ'ten - diamond " I will not be here , but if I solve this thing make sure you tell they , billie . tell they it be Robert Plant , Doctor Robert Plant of uc Berkeley . " the fragment of light blaze through the heaven . they draw together , change and reconstitute into a shape we recognize - the interwoven strand of DNA molecule . the strand connect . a blast of light ! it 's the ray of - the SUN stream into a cave . will lie in the fetal position , bleed from he nose and ear . the light grow stronger - it 's dawn . will drag himself up and stumble towards the entrance . we tilt up from he . he do not see it , but we do - prehistoric cave painting be etched into the rock . a craggy peak will step out of the cave . sunrise sweep over a world bear brand new - plain and jungle and primordial forest . rising above it be a snow - cap mountain that look like kilamlnjlro . a rag gash run across the earth - a rift valley . will stare at it . he raise he face to the sun . he do it . the first step 's over - and he do itl he look down - rise out of the valley be a tiny pillar of smoke . a forest clearing in the middle be the smolder remain of a camp -fire . will move cautiously towards it . he stop - several body , terribly mangle , lie on the ground . will turn one of they over - he 's get matte hair , a heavy brow and a short , muscular body . as primitive as he be , there 's no doubt of he species . he be a man . a paleolithic man . this be a hunt party -scatter weapon and the truss carcass of dead animal lie nearby . for a moment will think the hunter must have be tear apart by wild animal . then he look up into the tree - more body of the hunter . but no animal do this - they hang from iron chain , leave there as some sort of trophy . or a warning . crushed leave and broken plant will be follow a tiny trail through the forest . he 's take what be useful from the body of the hunter - a otter-skin water bag , two short - handle spear and a bed-roll make from a animal pelt . he move on - deeper into the shadow of the forest . a sparkling stream will splashes through the crystal water . he look upstream - a small lake . a flock of strange bird - like huge flamingos take flight in a blaze of pink and gold . he step out of the stream and along a path beneath a canopy of over - arching tree . we hold on he foot - whip ! he triggers something . a net of woven vine engulf he . he drop the spear and bedroll . suddenly he 's soar through the air . he jerk to a halt - he 's a netted animal hang high in the tree . the face of two paleolithic man , crouch on bough , stare at he . plume of water cascade a hundred foot into a hide gorge . smoke curl up from fire . score of stone - age people - man , woman and child - turn and look . will , roped and bound , be be haul into the encampment . the primitive people - nervous but intrigue - circle around he . they be dress in skin and fur . talisman hang from they neck . the warrior carry not only weapon but ritual scar across they forehead . it make they look even more savage . will be lead past the haunch of soma massive animal cooking in a pit . a pile of ivory tusk lie nearby . the two captor jerk on the leash - it stop will in front of a cave . hanging from the roof be the giant pelt and head of they totema saber- toothe tiger . this be the tribe of the Tiger . a man emerge from under its outstretch paw . he 's in he late 20' - proud and strong . his name be kip - kena - he be they leader . he and will look at one another . kip use he hand to sign to will in the formal language of he race . will stare at he - he have no idea what it mean . he shrug . kip try a new tack - he speak . the sound be rough and guttural - but understandable , kip where be you tribe ? will pause , search for a answer - where do you start ? he give up . will I do not have a tribe . a roll murmur of disbelief from the surround tribe . kip no man can live without a tribe ! how would he hunt the mighty animal ? who would keep he fire burn ? will I come from far away ... I be a traveler . kip what be traveler ? be that a tribe ? again will 's at a loss . something catch kip 's eye . he reach forward and rip the water bag out from under will 's coat . the tribe react - kip ( cont 'd ) you carry thing take from we hunter ! kill he . he turn away . will throw himself at he - will no ! whackl a blow to the back of will 's neck knock he to he knee . he look up - two warrior have they spear raise , about to plunge they into he chest . a sound like thunder - it 's hoof . the warrior turn . will follow they gaze - half a army , mount on horseback , surge into the gorge , they be heavily armed , dress in armor but it 's not they weaponry that astonish will . this be ape ! the tribe - people scream in terror . they turn and run . the two warrior forget about will . he dive for cover in a pile of rock . as he tear himself free of the rope that bind he , he look out - the ape charge in to the camp . at they head be a huge gorillarippling muscle and intelligent eye - deep set and yellow , like pisshole in the snow . he wear a suit of black armor ribbed in silver . his name be drak . he be the Lord of the High Rivers , supreme commander of the ape army . on either side ride he elite praetorian Guard . woo-woo-woo ! kip swing a hollow piece of wood above he head . it 's a bull -roarer . the warrior of the tribe know its meaning - they rally to kip 's side . armed only with spear and primitive bow they stand between the ape and they panic-driven people , try to buy they time to get into the cave . sswhish ! the sound of arrow . the ape carry triple - barrel iron crossbow . short iron bolt cut several of the tribesman down . Dust and smoke swirl across the camp . kip and he man , fight all the way , retreat towards the cave . a baby 's cry ! will turn - a toddler sit at a hearth , leave behind in the confusion . will half rise to he foot , about to go for he . too late - there 's a blur of movement irt the tree . a tribe-boy - too young to be a warrior - have come back for the child . out of the dust and smoke - drak ! foam fly from he horse 's mouth . he 's see the boy and the child . he lock what look like a gatling gun tight under he huge bicep . will scream a warning . the boy turn - he see drak as he fire . a hail of iron dart - twenty or more - cut he and the child down . rage flash in will 's eye . he scramble over a boulder and rip a crossbow from a dead ape 's hand . he slide bolt into the barrel and grab a lever with both hand - you need the strength of a ape to cock it . a sound behind he - little more than a whisper . he swing - it 's a arrow . whackl it rip into he shoulder , hurl he to the ground . ape infantry - foot soldier - be come into the gorge behind he . in they midst be three huge steam - drive machine - like iron erector set . one be the claw , one be the ball and the other be the flame . the cave entrance kip and he warrior have see they too . they scramble into the cave . Men and woman be inside , swinging close two huge stockade door make from tree trunk . other warrior , catch outside , run for the close gap . on they heel be will - still clutching the crossbow , blood stream from he wound . the door be close ... close . will dive through the gap , almost crush - inside the cave slam ! the door fly shut . wham ! a huge cross -beam drop into place . will , sprawle in the dust , look up - chaos . by torchlight , the medicine man be tend the wounded , child be scream , woman and old people be clamber up a series of ledge . High above be a tiny slash of daylightanother entrance . from deep in the cave will hear the roar of some animal but he do not have time to think about it . smash ! the great wooden door shudder from some mighty blow . outside the door the three machine be in place . the first of they have two huge stone ball suspend by chain from a overhead jib . a ape sit right on top , operate it . the ball dance and swing wildly - smash ! they hit the door , open a hole . inside the cave daylight stream in . kip and he warrior have range themselves high around the wall , ready to attack when the ape pour in . a pair of huge iron jaw appear in the hole . this be the second of the ape ' machine - the claw . another roar from the animal . will watch the claw reach in and grab the massive crossbeam . it snap it like a twig . will get to he foot and run . he see kip signal - a old warrior be perch high on a series of wooden bar that seal off a corner of the cave , turn it into a cage . he open it . crash ! the stockade door at the front of the cave burst open . the first of the ape cavalry charge in . a roar from the unseen animal . the ape ' horse catch the scent of it . they whinny in terror . will stare as a blur of stripe fur and muscle fly out of the cage . the tribe 's totem be a live thing - the saber- toothe tiger ia three time the size of its Bengal cousin , a head the size of a ox and two ten-inch tooth curve down either side of its jaw . the horse be buck and rear . the tiger leap towards the door , head for freedom . a dismounted ape raise he weapon . the tiger do not even break stride . one lazy swipe from he paw tear open the armor and flesh of the ape 's chest . will can smell the animal 's breath as it fly past . a ape officer , still on he horse , turn - another swipe from the . tiger 's paw rip out he throat . kip and he warrior hurl they spear and stone tomahawk at the cavalry - half of they dismounted , all of they in disarray . the tiger run soar through the doorway - outside the cave drak fight to control he mount as the tiger land once and bound into the forest . on the ledge kip 's man be fight as they retreat , head towards the open at the roof of the cave . will , clutching he wounded shoulder , make he own way up the wall . beneath he , drak and the ape roll in the third of the machine - a long iron tube in a roll superstructure . feed it be a series of oil - fill bladder . one of the ape touch a torch to a fire hole . a tongue of fire erupt from the end of the tube . it 's a flame thrower - the fiery tongue shoot up towards the roof of the cave . the flame engulf two warrior . skin blaze , they plummet to the ground . the flame thrower fire again - scorching the rock wall , fill the cave wit a pall of smoke . it hit the tiny patch of daylight , cut off escape . will - trap - run along a ledge , over a pile of rock and jump . into mid-air ! he land on the back of a riderless horse and drive he heel into its flank . the ape and the survive warrior turn . for a moment they just stare - nobody 's ever see a human ride a horse before . will fly towards the entrance . he see kip on a ledge just above , battle three huge ape . will jump ! kip see will gallop towards he . one of the ape raise a double - blade sword . kip jump sprawling across the horse 's neck , grab on to its flow mane . drak stare at will - he 's never see anything like he . he wheel he horse around and spur it forward in pursuit . outside the cave will 's horse burst out of the cave - past the claw and under the ball . the ape turn and look - astonished . they scramble for they horse . drak charge through . will hurtle towards the tree . kip , hang on for life , look behind - drak raise he gatling gun and aim . kip wrench will 's head down - zing ! the arrow skim past . drak can not outpace they - and he can not re-load at the gallop either . they charge out of the camp , into - the dapple light of the forest drak rise up in the stirrup and haul himself on to the saddlethe huge ape stand on the back of the charge horse ! he jump - he rippling arm catch hold of a overhange bough . he swing himself up into the tree - he be a ape , after all . he throw himself from branch to bough , travel at incredible speed . will glance back - he see drak 's riderless horse . his eye dart in confusion - where be he ? we crane up - he 's in the tree above ! drak jump - wham ! hundred of pound of gorilla blast into will 's shoulder , lift he out of the saddle and hurl he to the ground . kip haul down on the horse 's bridle - wheeling the stallion around . will look up from the dust - drak tower above he . will see kip come back - will ( cont 'd ) run ! a volley of arrow whiz past kip - other ape be gallop through the tree . kip grab the bridle and kick - the horse spin and gallop away . massive , armor-clad paw grab will 's head . he look straight into drak 's face . the ape reach out and rip a claw down will 's cheek . will try to stifle the scream . drak touch the wound and taste the blood - drak so - it 's human , after ell . he spit the blood out in revulsion . will stare into the piu-hole in he face . never have he see eye so cold . will try to rise to hie foot . his wounded shoulder have weaken he - he stagger . drak 's clench fist , clad in chain mail , drive straight et will 's jaw . smashl fade to black . the world upside down it 's will 's point of view - he 's lie on he back in a horse - draw cart . he 's very weak , he shirt drench in blood . he roll over and the image rights itself . he drag himself on to all four but he can not get any further - he leg be chain . will ( fevere , disorient ) where the fuck be I ? will look up - a huge ape sit guard in the back of the wagon . guard ( smile ) the end of the road . will - confuse , panicky - grab the side of the cart and haul himself to he knee . he look past a escort of ape cavalry - they be travel down a avenue of idol - tower statue of ape , sculpt out of stone , old as age past . fire burn somewhere within they give the eye a red , flicker glow . will turn away . behind he he see human , row of they - dead - hang upsidl down from long pole like trophy . everything come flooding back - he slump against the side of the cart , eye barely focus . blood trickle down under he shirt and form a pool between he leg . he do not even notice it . massive iron and wood bridge span a roaring river . drak and he convoy clatter across it . we crane up - laid out before be a city . terraces be cut into both side of a jag ravine . open on to they be cave and house and building make out of stone . ape be everywhere - hammer stone to enlarge a house , chatter in the tree , swinging hand - over-hand along horizontal ladder - crossing from one side of the ravine to the other . will have rouse himself . he stare at the city through feverish eye - to he , it appear to float . building swim in and out of focus . his shoulder shake - he start to laugh , a edge of hysteria to it . will a city ... of course . ape city ! I have destroy my mind . or maybe I be dead and this be God 's last joke - hell be rule by ape . whhish - the end of a whip sail through the air . crack ! it hit will 's back , double he over . guard quiet , animal ! ripples of water run across the surface of a beautiful pool . a black shape glide along underwater . the head break the surface - it 's a old gorilla , the fur on he face gray and bald . this be nazgul . he be the ghan - the President - of the Council of elder . he walk out of the water . other old ape - all male , they day of warring and building over - lie around the pool . several of they , drape only in rough loin-cloth , groom each other , pick nit out of they fur . the sound of a go ! nazgul pick up a loin cloth and walk the end of the pool . he look straight down the ravine - at the far end , drak and he troop come into view . nazgul the raider be home . old ape ( lazily ) good hunt ? nazgul squint against the sun . he see the pole carry the dead human . nazgul by the look of it . gray -bearded warrior , he chest marked by the scar of many battle , get up - gray beard ( proudly ) not as good as when we ride the high ridge , I will warrant . nazgul Times be different now . back then , a could go out and come back with a brace of animal . they be far scarcer now - old ape not scarce enough , I say . there 's a murmur of agreement from the other ape . a tiny boat be wreathe in woven leave . lying in it be the dead body of a young ape . the boat drift down a underground stream . all around it rise the stone wall of a huge cavern . torch light up the gloom - this place be a temple . a group of ape - mourner - walk along a path , keep pace with the funeral boat . they make a hum sound deep in the back of they throat - a dirge for the dead . at the head of the procession , swinging a smoking censer , be a ape wear a lion-skin cloak . his face be scar and twisted - he have one cruel eye , the other be just a empty socket . beneath the cloak , one arm and a leg be withere . the whole effect , rather than diminish he power , enhance it . his name be ma - gog . he be high priest of the ape , defender of the faith , keeper of the Book of the lore . the funeral boat gather speed in the current . it thrust towards sunlight pour through a arch . a rock platform the mourner step through the arch and on to a slab of rock . we pull back to reveal where they stand - a huge crouching ape have be carve out of the face of a cliff , its bow front leg form the archway , the entrance to the temple of the ape . cloud of mist and wind - blown spray sweep over ma - gog and the mourner . all around they , the SOUND of roaring water . the funeral boat float out of the temple and into a roaring river . ma- gog swing the censer over the water - ma - gog ( intone ) in the beginning be the word , and the word be the Book of the lore . it say God create the ape in his own image . alone among his creature , the ape have a soul . one cross the river now but death be only a door . he will dwell in the house of the Lord forever . amen the mourner beat they chest with they fist . they repeat the word " amen " . for a moment the cloud of mist clear . now we see where the boat be head - half a ocean of water pour over a sheer drop . this be the Falls of no return . the boat race forward - over the waterfall it go . the sound of cheer voice , very faint , drift towards they . ma- gog turn and look up the river towards the city - ape hang from the ' ladder ' look down on drak and he troops . the convoy pass along a road cut into the side of the ridge . ape have come out of the house and building to greet they . will lie in the back of the cart , unconscious . face of ape stare in at he - they have never see anything like it . a young ape - a little boy - stand with he grandfather . kid what be it ? grandfather some ... sort of human . kid but look at the eye , ' pa - they be the color of the sea . where 's it from ? grandfather I do not know - a traveler , maybe . nobody know what lie beyond the Tower of the Moon . the word " traveler " be picked up by other ape . it ripples through the crowd . a woman on the other side of the wagon call out - woman no it 's not - it 's a mutant . laborer put it in the zoo ! a female ape push they aside . she 's heavy - set , bright eye , a air of authority about she . over she shoulder she carry a leather satchel with a series of steel instrument dangle from it . her name be zora - she be a doctor . she and she assistant - a young male - swing themselves on to the cart . kneel beside he , Zora put she hand down and grab hold of will 's crotch . zora whatever it be , it 's male . she rip open will 's shirt - he chest be cover in blood from the gape wound . zora ( cont 'd ) probe . the Assistant hand she a steel instrument . she slide it towards the wound . we hold on will 's face - a strangle cry but he do not regain consciousness . Zore return the bloody probe to she Assistant . she call out - zora ( cont 'd ) drak ! the leader of the ape warrior , riding close by , turn - zora ( cont 'd ) the animal 's bleed to death , my Lord . drak ride up to the wagon . drak I do not bring he all this way just to have he die . zora ( to the assistant ) ben-guri - get a vet . quicklyl a ape in a leather apron use a grind wheel to sharpen a gruesome look knife . this be the vet . will lie on a stone slab nearby - it 's a sort of medical centersink along the wall , rack of equipment , hose to wash down the blood . the vet cut the clothing away from will 's wound . he turn to Doctor Zora - vet we be go to have to give he blood . prisoner in a cell he 's a tribesman - in he late 40s . despite he tatter fur and hollow cheek , he carry himself with dignity - he 's a proud man . his name be aragorn . on a chain around he neck he wear a metal ornament , like crescent moon . etched into it be strange marking and the totem of various tribe . the sound of a key in lock . aragorn turn - the cell door be throw back . Three ape guard enter . two of they , armed with spear , drive aragorn into a corner . the third ape have a leather collar on the end of a pole . he drop it over aragorn 's head . aragorn struggle but the ape jerk the collar tight . they drag he from the cell . team of horse - they flank drench in sweat - walk in a circle . they turn a huge wheel that control a series of pulley and winch . attach to the end of a heavy cable be a wooden platform - a primitive elevator . it run from a series of impressive house , down the side of the ravine , to the center of the city . stand on the platform be nazgul and several other elder . they look down on the central square . it 's crowded with ape - soldier be be greet by they kin . aragorn lie on he back he 's strapped to a slab , half - naked , in the medical center . they have put a gag in he mouth and though he struggle to free himself , he can barely move . will , still unconscious , lie on a table next to he . nazgul peer down at he . nazgul it 's human , you say ? Doctor Zora nod - yes . nazgul it 's even uglier than the other . he pull a cover aside and look at will 's naked leg . nazgul ( cont 'd ) how can he hunt with leg like that - they be like twig . maybe he 's disease . everybody shrug - who know ? the vet heat a steel needle over a open flame . the other end of the needle be attach to a length of animal intestine . it act as a tube . the vet grab will 's forearm and slide the red-hot needle into the vein . will 's body jerk with the pain . nazgul and the other spring back . for a moment will 's wrench back to consciousness - he see a light - fill room , a bandage on he chest , a bladder full of blood hang above he . his put it together the only way he know - he think he 's in hospital will ( groggy ) help I . I have get health insurance . honest ... his eye close as he slip back into darkness . nazgul look at Doctor Zora . nazgul what be health insurance ? doctor zora some sort of religion ...? the vet turn and make a adjustment to the bladder . another length of tub snake out of it and be attach by a needle to aragorn 's arm . it 's he blood . now we realize - this be the ape version of a blood transfusion . nazgul do you think this ' Il work ? vet you can never tell with animal . they body be not as sophisticated as a ape 's . sometimes they blood fight with each other . either way , you know really quick - they get up and walk around , or they be dead . the vet turn a little tap - aragorn 's blood flow down the tube . it hit will 's vein . word chisele into stone " a ape without knowledge be a fire without light . " euripadape III it stand over the doorway of a building high on a ridge . this be the Hall of learn . ma-gog - he lion skin cloak billow behind he - hurry up the step . the bladder of blood be empty . Guards be collare aragorn , prepare to drag he out . the door into the room be throw open . ma- gog enter . nazgul and the other greet he but he barely acknowledge it * ma-gog show he to I . the vet grab will 's hair . he lift up he head so that ma- gog can see he face . the high priest take a step back - there 's something about will that fill he with loathing . anger flash in he one good eye . he stare at will . his voice be iow , almost to himself - ma-gog ( cont 'd ) all my life I have dread this day . ( turn to the other ) kill he . doctor zora we have just spend a hour try to save he - ma-gog kill he ! he grab the stand hold the bladder and throw it to the ground . Doctor Zora take he arm , stop he - doctor zora the animal 's unique , my lord . at least we should look at he brain . maybe it 's possible to remove the frontal lobe without kill he . imagine - a tame human ! ma-gog man can not be tame . alone among God 's primate he kill for lust or greed . he will murder he own brother to possess he brother 's land . nazgul the doctor 's only ask for a chance to experiment . the benefit would be enormous . a tame species of human could double food production , at last we could dam the river . ma-gog you do not know what you be deal with . nazgul it 's just a animal , ma-gog . ma-gog it 's not . that 's the trouble . a movement on the stone slab . they turn and look - will 's eyelid be flutter . he 's start to come round . itl he turn to nazgul in the name of God - summon the Council of elder . will 's eye be open now . like through a glass - darkly - he see the ape guard come for he . he try to struggle but he 's very weak . they haul he off . heavy iron door set in a rock wall - on one side a key-hole . we tilt up the door to a narrow set of bar high above it . a face , strain with effort , rise up to peer through the bar . it be will - look like death but force himself to do it , desperate to see where he be . inside the cell the muscle across he shoulder ripple . his one good hand clutches the bar . he hang by it , support he weight , stare out at a vault underground cavern . it look like a cattle - yard , break down and disus nowa series of long pen , wooden chute and a primitive conveyor belt . will can not support himself any longer - he tumble to the ground . he crawl across the floor and examine the door . it fit tight to the rock . there 's no hope of pick the lock - the key-hole do not even come all the way through . suddenly he stop . nothing for a moment , then he hear it again - a scraping sound . he peer under the wooden bed at the stone block that form wall . one of the block move . will grab hold of it and haul it into the cell . aragorn squeeze through from the adjoin cell . he look at will - aragorn so you live , then ? will what do they do ? aragorn they give you blood . he hold up he bandage forearm - will realize where it come from . will I hope you have a medical . aragorn look at he - confuse . from a distance , the sound of horse whinnying . will ( cont 'd ) what be this place ? aragorn it be a slaughterhouse . will for horse ? aragorn they use it for stable now . no - 's different kind of animal . for human . will stare , take aback . aragorn start to gather twig from the corner of the cell . aragorn ( cont 'd ) in my father 's time , the ape round up tribe and bring they here . Young ape kill some during they manhood rite , the other be make sport of in the corral . at the end , the body be throw onto the belt and feed to the fire . aragorn have make a pyramid of twig and leave . from out of he cloak , he take two piece of flint and strike they . a spark start the fire - aragorn ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) death be stick to this wall , stranger - sound not even 's thousand winter can take away . sometimes of 's night they speak to I - I can hear the scream of my people . will look at he . firelight play across they face . will why have not they kill you ? aragorn they keep I ss bait . my name be aragorn - he lift he hand to will - palm outward . it 's some form of greeting . will return it . aragorn ( cont 'd ) I be the Ranger of the easterlings , the leader of the Seven tribes . they hope the warrior will come and try to free I . will and will they ? aragorn not if they fear my anger . I be take in summer and now winter 's almost go . even the ape grow tired - soon they will make I walk the path of the Dead . will look at aragorn 's eye - they be fearless . the ornament glint on he chest . will point at it - will what be it ? aragorn it 's call the Crescent of Light - it 's the talisman of my rank . will Silver . aragorn mithral be how we name it .. will reach he hand towards it - will can I borrow it ? aragorn recoil - this be the most precious thing in the world to he . his hand close around the insignia - aragorn who be you ? what bring you to the valley of the tribe ? will I mean you no harm . I be look for woman , one of my own kind . do you know of people like I ? aragorn never . will nod he head , accept it . slowly he reach he hand out - will if you want to get out of hare . I need the talisman . aragorn . the two man look at each other . a beat - then aragorn reach up and unfasten it . the temple of the ape torch burn on the wall . they cast a glow across the temple - the underground stream , pool of water , shelf of rock hewn out of the wall . several ape crouch on they , praying to a golden idol of a ape . mist rise off of the pool . move through it , we see nazgul , drak and e group of old ape . the Council of elder be gather . they pass through a narrow door - the temple's inner chamber oil lamp - hide in alcove - illuminate ma-gog . he stand in front of a ancient book - strange symbol , like Sanskrit , run across its page . this be the Book of the lore . ma- gog look at the Council of elder seat in front of himnazgul , drak and five other huge ape - all leader in they time . ma-gog how many scroll be there in the Book of the lore ? nobody reply - the question be so obvious it need no answer . ma-gog ( cont 'd ) one-hundred -and-seventy -six , you say - every child know that . ( softly ) but every child be wrong . there be one more scroll - the last scroll , seal with seven seal , hand down from high priest to high priest ... he slide he hand under the top of the pedestal and release a hide catch . the top - the Book still rest on it - tilt up , revealing a secret compartment . it be line with gold leaf . lying in it be a slim folio of page - ma-gog ( cont 'd ) it be call the scroll of revelation . the Council of elder stare in awed silence . ma- gog take the page out and unfasten the seal . he read - ma-gog ( cont 'd ) " and it be give unto I to know the wisdom of age . a silence fall and I see a new heaven and a new earth . like through a glass , darkly , I see the future . " the Council of elder stare at he . he limp forward and stop in front of they . he recite from memory - ma-gog ( cont 'd ) " behold - there rise out of the earth a pale horse and the name of the horse be death . that that ride on he be beast , but like no beast bear before . they limb be weak but they eye be as cold as the sea . they be give power over the earth to kill with the sword and with famine and with fire . and let he that hath understanding know the number of this beast . it be the number of man . " he raise he eye and look straight at the councilor . ma-gog ( cont 'd ) today we see that beast . Mark that word , my lord - " they limb be weak but they be give power over the earth " . now will you listen ? kill he ! and if we do not ? then all hope will fail in this bitter winter . he lay down the secret scroll and close the secret compartment . nazgul look from one to the other of the elder . nobody say a word but he can read they grim expression . he turn to drek - nazgul kill he . kill he with the sword and with fire . kill himl the keyhole to the cell it 's a shine bright image , slightly distort . we pull back to reveal it 's a reflection . aragorn 's silver ornament have be polished to a brilliant luster . it 's fix to the end of a length of wood stick through the bar high above the iron door . inside the cell the wooden bed have be smashed to piece . both aragorn and will have use part of they clothing to harness themselves so they can see through the bar . aragorn control the pole with the " mirror " on the end of it . by look into it , will can see the keyhole on the other side of the door . he have a pole with a nail attach to the end of it . he turn the pole , guide the nail towards the keyhole . he 's try to pick the lock . will do you understand time .. , what time be it ? aragorn look at the shadow in the slaughterhouse - aragorn Seven hour since the rise of the sun . will just after noon ... aragorn should not we wait until night ? will ( concentrate ) if I be right , it 's gonna be dark a lot sooner than you think . the nail be almost in the key-hole . half a inch to go ... a quarter . it slide off . will curse and start again - the SUN beat down from a cloudleu sky . drak and two huge praetorian Guards - Max and hannibal - come through a huge stone portico . it 's another entrance to the Temple - one that opertl onto a central square . orak and the two guard hurry across it . towards the slaughterhouu . the nail at the end of the pole slide into the keyhole . will - barely breathe in case it break he concentration - listen carefully . he move the end of the pole . the nail turn . huge set of door be throw open . daylight spill into the slaughterhouse . drak , Max and hannibal enter . drak stop - he listen to the horse whinnying and stomping they hoof - drak something 's wrong ! ( turn to Max ) get the dog . hannibal move cautiously along the side one of the corral , try to see what 's wrong with the horse . behind he - a movement in the shadow . sswhish . the sound of something slice through the air . he turn - it 's the side of aragorn 's hand . it chop hard into the ape 's throat , shatter he larynx and blast he into unconsciousness . he crumple to the ground . aragorn and will strip he of he weapon . will start to go but aragorn tear a strip off both they shirt . he tie the fabric around the ape 's ankle . will what be you do ? aragorn watch - they be go to bring in the dog . the dog be not really dog at all - they be a much earlier ancestor . we call they wolf . there be two of they , on the end of heavy leather leash . they handler have they in will 's cell , rub part of the abandon harness in front of they nose . the wolf take the scent . drak watch as the handler unfasten the leash . the wolf leap out of the cell . hannibal rise groggily to he foot , clutching he injure throat . he take a few step forward - grrrr ! he turn - the two wolf fly towards he . he try to yell but the only sound he can make be a squeak . he run - the fabric , unseen by he , trail from he ankle . the wolf pound after he . he glance over he shoulder . first one wolf - then the other - leap . fang and claw glisten , they hit he in the back , hurl he to the ground . he writhes on to he back . one wolf tear at he ankle , the other go for he throat . rip ! blood spray as the artery break . a stone passage - way will and aragorn be run , plunging down in to darkness . arch and corridor open off of it . it 's like a labyrinth - will this do not seem like the way out . aragorn we be not go out - not yet . will stop , grabbing hold of he , turning he round - will so what be we do ? aragorn ( softly ) we be go kill . will killing ?! do not be stupid - will jerk on aragorn 's arm , start to haul he back . aragorn throw off he hand - aragorn you do what you like ! but I be the Ranger of the easterlings - I will not leave here until it 's do . from behind they - the sound of pursuit . will shit ! he start to run . together they disappear into the gloom ahead . row of cage -like cell will and aragorn glide past they . they be take it slowly , very carefully . now we see why - ahead of they be a set of steel door . torch on either side illuminate a guard post but there 's no sign of the sentry . will and aragorn move closer . they pass - crevice in the rock we hold on the narrow open , look deep into the shadow . a big ape , heavily armed , stand there . he have he back to we , he leg spread . a trickle of water run down the rock and drain away - he 's take a piss . a shadow flicker on the wall above he . he see it - the passage - waymore shadow - will and aragorn be move through the torchlight . the steel door be straight ahead . the sentry slide out of the crevice - he 's behind will . silently , back press again6t the bar of a cell , he creep closer to will . he have a curve knife in one hand and a short - handle spear in the other . closer ... closer . he raise the spear - a rustle of movement . will spin - he see the spear about to thrust . he 's a dead man . a arm ? it shoot between the bar of the cell and lock around the sentry 's throat , half choke he . will leap forward and drive the butt of a weapon into the sentry 's jaw . the sentry crumple to the ground , revealing the face of the prisoner . it 's not a man , though - it 's a ape . he 's in he prime - barrel chest and a fine head . his name be strider . he and will look at each other through the bar . strider two rule in life - never play card with anyone call Doc and never , whatever else you do , turn you back on a ape . will stare at he . strider grin . will smile back - will thanks . I will remember that . he start to search the sentry . aragorn what be you do ? will look for the key . aragorn no ! will he save we life . aragorn he 's a ape ! will shrug himself free of aragorn 's hand - will you go and kill as many ape as you like - I be set this one free . aragorn look at he . a beat . aragorn ( softly ) it 's not ape I be go to kill . a prison laboratory the heavy steel door stand open . Inside be a clean and gruesome room - sink and instrument along a wall , a series of operate table and a row of cage . behind the bar be six tribe - people - man , woman and a little boy . all of they carry surgical scar on they head . it 's make two of they blind ; the other stare blankly into space . aragorn move down the cage . several of they shuffle towards he but there 's no recognition - they be like the walk dead . aragorn do not say a word . grim -face , he load the crossbow and start to fire , kill they . will and strider come through the doorway - they see aragorn go from cage to cage . will step forward , go to stop he . strider 's hand grab he shoulder , restrain he . strider leave it . he know what he 's do . will turn and look at he , question . strider ( cont 'd ) the doctor operate on they - up here . ( tap he head ) the tribe think that we steal they soul ... ( he pause - softly ) maybe they be right . aragorn reach the last cage . a woman - in she 20 - stand in the middle of the cell , look at he . aragorn stare at she face . his lip tremble with emotion . she tilt she head on one side , as if try to work something out . tear fill aragorn 's eye . she stumble a step forward . the Ranger close he eye . he pull the trigger . a crossbow bolt slam into she chest and she fall . will lean against the doorway , unwilling to watch , stare down the passageway . he turn at a footfall - aragorn rejoin they . his voice be hollow , as if something have die within he - aragorn it 's do . we can go now . he turn and lead they back down the passageway . the wolve there 's five of they now , hunt through the slaughter - house in a pack . all around they we see the torch of the ape as they search the nook and cranny . the horse whinny wildly as they catch the scent of the wolf . will , aragorn and strider be crouch in a corner of the corral , smear they body with horse manure . strider the fresher the better . cover everything - that 's the only way you will hide you scent . the wolf sniff the air , come closer . will , stare through the rung of the coral , see they gleam eye come closer . he raise he crossbow , get ready . the wolf stop . they raise they head and look - the whole cavern be grow dark . a giant shadow fall across the doorway into the outside world . the horse rear and buck . the ape be stare - darkness be fall in the middle of the day . the wolf hackles rise in fear . they howl . aragorn and strider be cower back aragorn what be it ? will come on ! now ! he drag they forward and grab hold of one of the horse . a unearthly light have fall on the city . the ape be in confusion - soldier and worker be run , child be scream . a horse have throw its rider and be bolt down the terrace . the darkness grow ever deeper . in the sky , the face of the moon obliterate the sun - it 's a full solar eclipse . two horse , fly at a gallop , charge through the door of the slaughterhouse . will be on one , aragorn cling to he back . strider be on the other . they wheel across a open space , through run ape , and speed down a terrace . ma-gog step out on to a rock ledge . he hold a staff in one hand , he cloak throw back over he shoulder , magnificent in the eerie light . he stare down at the chaos . drak swing across a ladder and land at he side - drak what be it ? ma-gog ( wild ) a sign - the hand of man pass across the face of God ! lookl he point to a terrace below - will lead the other two escapee along a road and on to the iron bridge . drak and ma- gog stare at they . darkness engulf they . out of the blackness , a image - christ on the cross it 's a stain - glass window in a huge cathedral . a priest be at the altar conduct mass for the repose of the dead . we pull back to reveal a tiny white coffin - just big enough for a baby . next to it be another coffin . and another - a row of they . priest and even now as sorrow have no end , we find comfort in the word of the Lord Jesus Christ . do he not say unto Mark - " suffer the little child to come unto I , for they be the Kingdom of Heaven . now and forever . " amen . the congregation - sad -ey relative and weep parent - fill the pews . congregation amen . pall -bearer lift up the tiny coffin . the organ start to play . a soloist - a tenor - step to the side of the altar . he start to sing the Latin hymn " penis angelicas " . the haunt word of the hymn fill the cathedral . they carry over to - the space dome be light up by bank of light that turn night into day . the clock tower above the biology building show the time2.00 be . even so , the area bustles with activity . inside the dome a illuminate chart dominate one wall - just like the strategy map in the Pentagon 's war room . every research center be identify - next to it be its function and a list of personnel . we see Princeton , Stanford , Texas a&m , Los alamos . tentacles reach out to Oxford , the pasteur Institute , the University of Beijing ... below the chart be nitrogen - cool cray super- computer . we track through team of man and woman processing data , satellite dish feed a communication network , a video conference take place in a corner , technician rout and re-rout phone call and fax . we come to a glass wall . on the other side be diamond - a SMALL office Glass door seal out the electronic hum . diamond , stare through the glass , look exhaust . demaupassent sit on a couch . he 's in he shirt - sleeve , dark ring under he eye . next to he be Bob , the young neurologist . he wear jeans and a t-shirt . on the front it say " I will sleep when I be dead . " the coffee table be pile with file , journal extract and computer print-out . a video projector beam a complex molecular structure on to a screen . diamond rub she eye , try to wipe away the fatigue . diamond I be sorry luc - say that again . demaupassant demaupassant ( cont 'd ) ( kindly ) my fault , billie - I rattle on too much . the result be - we have fix the time frame . he hit the projector - the image of a fetus develop normally in the womb appear on the screen ... demaupassant the fetus develop normally through the first trimester . then it happen - about sixteen week and two day , everything fall apart . the whole chemical structure go out of control - he flash up another image - a fetus that be already aging remarkably . demaupassant once it start , it 's irreversible . if we be go to stop it , we have get to intercede here - he point at the slide of the normally develop fetus . bob ( take over ) there 's a trigger - some major fuck switch get turn . that 's what I have be work on . it 's definitely in the mdna . there 's a fragment of one chromosome I be look at - he flick a switch on the video projector . a slide of a human gene , massively magnify , popl on to the screen . bob ( cont 'd ) it 's so different , I call it the alien . how it get there , exactly what it do - I have not get the first idea .. , no fuck idea at all . diamond look at he grim face . he seem totally defeat . diamond ( quietly ) be it that bad ? he stare at the floor . there 's not even a hint of the former arrogance . bob someone 's drop we in the middle of the Louvre . we be blind man and they have tell we to find the mona Lisa . there 's four mile of gallery end we have get five minute to do it . that 's how I feel - and that 's when rm optimistic . diamond turn to demaupassant . diamond luc ? demaupassant I be sixty - two year old . I have see we go from dc3 to landing on the moon . in my life I have win all the glitter prize . I have always believe nothing be beyond the reach of man , but I will tell you honestly - this may never be unravel . if it be , it will not be in my lifetime . he look at they . silence . there 's nothing anyone can say . he start to gather up he papers - demaupassant ( cont 'd ) so what do we do ? I think it 's like gatsby - " so we beat on , boat against the current , borne back ceaselessly into the past . " there 's no other way , ia there ? they nod they hood - you have to try . demaupaasant and Bob start to leave . diamond luc ? ( he turn ) ) you be certain - about the time , I mean ? demaupassant ( nodding ) sixteen week . how far along be you ? diamond twelve week . they look at one another . the old man speak gently - demaupassant good night , billie . a tiny fetus perfectly form - float in the amniotic fluid . it 's alive - the large head sway , the heart beat through the translucent rib . diamond have she shirt pull up and she jeans down around she thigh . she lie on a stainless steel table in a hi-tach examination room . a complex array of equipment - ultra-sound and scanner - beam down on she expose stomach . it project a , video image onto a screen . she be alone in the room , manipulate the equipment herself . she stare up at the child grow in she womb . we see the genital . diamond so - you be a little boy . it 's funny - I think I know . she reach up and gently touch the image of he face . diamond ( cont 'd ) we have get four week . the way I see it - there 's nothing to lose . I can not tell you whet ' Il happen to we . it 's on the edge , mister . the air 's so thin out there , we may not even be able to breathe . but what the hell - it 's a chance . she take she hand away and look at he face . diamond ( cont 'd ) you want to try it ? sure you do . you be my son . we have wait all we life for each other . a stack of hand -written notepad lie on a table in the basement . we track through they - past computer print-out and dog-eare journal . we recognize they - this be will 's detailed note . to the table be the makeshift lab - rack of bottle and syringe . in the dim light we see diamond . she remove the catheter from she vein , turn and climb up the flotation tank . inside the tank Water sloshes back and forth . diamond lower herself in and float there . for a moment , she stare up at the circle of light spilling through the hatch . we hold on she face . diamond ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) so we beat on , boat against the current . she reach up and pull the hatch shut . clang ! darkness . the SUN and the moon it 's one of that strange twilight when both celestial body hang in the sky together . smoke drift across they . we tilt down to ape city - a column of smoke and flame spiral out of a stone chimney on top of the slaughterhouse . red hot FIRE burn in a huge furnace at one end of the slaughterhouse . the rickety conveyor belt be work , clatter away . several ape worker throw the body of the lab animal - the dead tribe - people - on to the belt . the body of the young boy be carry forward on the belt . it dump he into the furnace . the flame engulf he . will empty cell the door hang open . the space be light by a dozen torch . drak be alone , move around the cell , try to work out how will escape . he look at the smashed bed , the hole in the wall , the tear clothing that make the harness . he swing the heavy door on its hinge and touch the lock . no answer there . lying in the doorway be the length of wood with the nail in the end . drak pick it up . he turn it over in he hand , th!nking about it . he jump ! one hand he catch hold of the bar above the door . effortlessly , he haul himself up and poke the wood through the bar . the nail touch the lock . drak ( to himself ) clever ... you clever fuck animal . doctor zora ( o.s. ) my lord ... he turn and see the doctor hurry towards he . doctor zora ( cont 'd ) ( urgent ) could I see you please ? the hall of power be a magnificent room - stone column and tower tree grow in huge pot . at one end be a rock shelf - open to the gather twilight . silhouett against it , commanding a view of the entire city , be the Council of elder . they sit around a table make from bone and tusk , deep in discussion . nazgul look up - he see drak approach through the shadow . nazgul drak . I be just say - maybe it 's a bless . drak a bless ? nazgul where there 's one , there must be other . if we would kill he , we might never find they . ma-gog but the animal 's not stupid - he know come day - break we will be tracking he . who 's to say he will run for home ? drak stop in front of they . drak no - he 's not stupid . but even dog hunt in pack of seven . every animal need its kind . and when we find they - what then ? ma-gog what do you think ?! drak just like the tribe - burn they out of they hole , put they to the sword ? I do not mind do that - I like it - but it 's never enough , be it ? no matter how many we kill , every year they be still here . why will it be any different with the Blue eye ? what we need be a final solution . nazgul and where do we find that ? drak ( cont 'd ) Doctor Zora 's bring back patient from a place call kismatu . I have be talk to she about it - several of the Council be look at each other - perplex . ma-gog what be kismatu ? nazgul it 's a tiny colony farther out than even the northern frontier . female and baby have be die there . he turn to drak - he eye intense , very interested . nazgul ( cont 'd ) go on . cool and lovely room there be iron barn on I series of high window but in the middle of the room be a jungle - gym . underneath it be ape toy . five baby ape sit on cot . they must be no more than two or three year old but they face end body be that of old , old apeswizen and wrinkle , frail with age . a double set of bar provide a sort of air-lock . hanging on they be a sign " quarantine . no entry " . drak and the Council of elder stare in at the child . Doctor Zora be with they - she 's nervous , twist she finger . doctor zora we do not know what cause it - a virus probably . I would hope to complete we research before I come to you with my proposal . but , give the circumstance - nazgul I it 's a brilliant idea . ( turn and smile at she ) brilliant . horse ' hoove paw the ground . they be bound with cloth to stop they leave a trail . it 's night - the horse be tethere near a fire burn in the lee of a rock . will and strider have make camp - a hare roast over the fire . aragorn sit well apart - a silhouette in the moonlight - stare out into the forest , lose in he thought . will and strider look at he . strider he 's they leader - he can never take he eye from the mountain . he have to do what he think be right . will ( hard ) by kill they ? strider do not judge he , will . I could not have do it . I wonder if you could ? one of that woman he just kill wes he daughter . will react . he turn and stare at the silhouette . a long beat . will ( quietly ) we call it a iobotomy . what other thing have you people try ? he turn to face he . strider shrug . there 's something about it - something almost evasive . will ( cont 'd ) fuck you , strider ! tell I ! he stare at will - he 's never see he angry . strider do not know if it 's true .. , my sister 's mate work in the lab . he say Doctor Zora 's work on some disease - will come towards he - will what sort of disease ? strider of the child , I think - ape child . will how do they die , strider ? Old in the belly - be that how ?! strider some of they . you know this disease ? will stare at he , take it in . will ( softly ) so that 's how it happen . fuck you people . strider they have not do it yet . it may not work . will they will and it do . he turn end take step towards the forest . he run he finger through he hair - will God help we . strider that 's funny - that 's exactly what a ape would say . will turn . he and strider stare at one another - the ape and the man , both strike by the sudden commonality . strider ( cont 'd ) I be sorry ... will walk slowly back to the fire . strider start to strip the meat off a hare he 's roasting over the flame . he offer it to will . he shake he head - he 's not hungry anymore . he stare into the flame - will what about you , strider - why be you in the cell ? strider I fight another ape . nothing very heroic , I be afraid - I be drunk . he fall badly , he head hit the branch of a tree go down . it break he neck . he pause we be not like human . a ape never kill one of he own . never . will what 's the punishment ? strider at the ceremony of summer rite , the high priest would curse I with death . I would have be leave to die in the forest - no journey over the waterfall , no - one to say the sacred word . without that , no ape can walk in the next world . you save my life , will and I be grateful . but there 's nothing I can do about my soul . I be a dead ape walk . strider stripe more meet off the hare . will pick up a saddle and blanket and start to make himself bed . strider ( cont 'd ) you know , do not you ? you know the sun be go to swallow the moon . that 's why you be not afraid . will pause - then he turn to he . will yes - I know . strider who be you , will ? will I have come a long way , strider - it 's farther then I can explain . strider I have hear storey - old ape tell they 'round the fire late at night - of strange land where the creature can tell the future . be that where you be from ? will in a way .. yeah , it 's something like that . strider so what happen to it afl , to the world we have build ? tell I that . will it pass away . strider stare at he through the firelight . strider History remember , though - it 's pass on , what we do , I mean ? will no , strider - there 's nothing , not a trace leave behind . strider think for a moment , then he smile gently . strider so it 's just vanity then - what we believe , that the work of the ape will last forever ? will yes , it 's vanity . but not just of ape , strider - maybe of man , too . he turn and settles down on he makeshift bed . strider - the food forget - stare out into the night . a million star hang on a velvet sky . look down from they - in the vast blackness of the forest , one tiny lightthe flicker fire . dust swirling , hoove pounding battalion of ape cavalry sweep out of the stable . Dawn be break across the city . ma- gog stand on a ridge , he staff raise , bless the army as it ride out . at its head be drak . he clatter across the iron and wood bridge and down the avenue of idol . votive fire burn in front of every statue . a rainbow arch across the end of a tiny gorge . dozen of stream cascade into pool , spilling over ledge and swirl into pond . aragorn lead will and strider along a hide , path - a rock ledge that run behind the waterfall . the ledge widen into a large cave . sunlight stream through a veil of cascade water . aragorn look around - something 's worry he . aragorn this be the rainbow tribe 's cave . they should be here . a stone fireplace aragorn place he hand on the circle of stone , feel its warmth . aragorn ( cont 'd ) they leave at the rise of the sun . he move deeper into the cave - a maze of limestone cavern and passage - way . he stop at sleep area - weapon lie there , food in basket . aragorn ( softly ) why such hurry ? suddenly he stop , listen . he look at strider - aragorn ( cont 'd ) you hear it ? strider nod he head - yes . will have not hear a thing . he listen hard - nothing . aragorn ( cont 'd ) Animal ? strider I do not think so . strider move silently to the side of the cave . he pick up a crossbow . strider ( cont 'd ) be there another entrance ? aragorn from the ridge above . ape ? strider scout probably . he cock the crossbow . aragorn have pick up a bow and spear . he move towards a cavern , signal strider to take a passageway . will grab a crossbow . strider toss he a chain mail vest - armor . they move off . honeycomb of passage eep in the cave . a sound - pebble fall off a ledge . then we see a flicker of light - a torch be move through a cavern . whoever hold it , turn a corner and be lose in darkness . a crossroad of arch and stalactite . will and strider split apart . will move silently through the darkness , into a cavern . through a archway he see a shadow on the wall ! he go fast towards it - a huge boulder the shadow come round the boulder . we tilt down and now we see who 's hold the torch diamondl she 's armed with a crossbow - cocked end load . she turn a corner - ten foot in front of she be strider . she stare at the massive ape 's back - a bandoleer of arrow sling over he shoulder . her eye widen with fear . she raise the crossbow - strider hear it . he spin , weapon rise - turn into a passage midway between they . he see diamond about to fire . he scream - too late - she pull the trigger ! will hurl himself forward - in front of strider . whack ! the arrow blast into he chest . he crash to the ground . diamond stare down at he . diamond will ! his eye open - he 's gasp for breath from the impact . he and diamond look at one another . strider reach down and rip the arrow out of will 's chain mail armor . diamond 's shoulder sag with relief . diamond ( cont 'd ) ( indicate strider who 's he ? will I will explain later . he struggle to he foot and look at diamond - will ( cont 'd ) what make you come ? I think the mdna be just a theory . one of dozen of theory - be not that what you say ? diamond we do a lot of work . I guess I be wrong . will people have be wrong about a lot of thing . the great valley stretch out below - primordial forest and cascade stream . will and diamond stand on a rock ledge outside the cave . will ( cont 'd ) this be the rift valley in kenya - he point at the tower , snow - cap peak . will ( cont 'd ) that 's kilamanjaro - ten thousand foot higher but a hundred thousand year of wind and rain will turn it into the mountain we know . think of it - we have come back a hundred thousand year ! everyone tell I it could not be do , but we have cross the frontier now - man have travel through space and time . how long have science dream of that ? diamond how long have you ? will all my life . diamond dream no more . you have do it . like you say in you note - it be Doctor Robert Plant of uc Berkeley . will turn and look out at the valley - will ( softly ) yeah - I really have , have not I ? diamond watch he . there 's a shout from inside the cave - strider ( o.s. ) aragorn - I have find it ! a cave painting newly -drawn , be hide in e nook high up in the main cave . strider , will and diamond watch a aregorn look at it by torchlight . aragorn I think they would leave word for they hunter . kip - kena have call a gather of the Seven tribes . will where ? aragorn two day ' travel - at the Eagle 's nest . he look out through the mouth of the cave - twilight be close in . aragorn ( cont 'd ) we will stay hera tonight . be ready to leave at first light . the ember of a FIRE burn in the circle of stone . aragorn and strider be sleep next to it . will and diamond have be awake all night . they sit in the shadow near the entrance to the cave , speak quietly . diamond a ape civilization ? you say there be a city .. , what happen to it all ? will you know what we have find of aragorn 's whole race ? seventeen bone , that 's all . anthropologist have discover evidence of the ape - we call they skull . Bones last a lot longer than civilization . diamond I guess there 's a lesson in that . will listen , billie - the ape have discover a disease . diamond react . will crouch down - in the dirt he scratch out a small chain of circle . it 's a molecule . will ( cont 'd ) it 's really rare and , lucky for they , it 's in a isolate area . they be not stupid - they understand it 's potential . they plan to give it to the tribe - he draw a arrow from the molecule to a bow -legge stick figure of a man . will ( cont 'd ) and maybe they do , but it do not matter - aragorn 's people be not we . already evolution 's take another track - scratch a cross through the bow-legge man . he draw the figure of a upright human . will ( cont 'd ) somewhere in the rift valley be someone like we - the first man . diamond woman . you say it be in the mitochondrial DNA - it have to be a woman . she reach forward and scratch long hair on to the figure 's head . will you be right . sooner or later the ape find she . she do not look like the tribe but the ape do not care - she 's human . so they give she the disease . she 's different though - it do not work , or at least it do not seem to . it get integrate into she . it 's pass on , it mutate , it weave its way into the mdna . it lie there - a bomb wait to go off . and then one day - diamond after a hundred thousand year ? will the planet 's five billion year old . what 's that to nature ? a blink of the eye . will throw the stick down on the ground . will ( cont 'd ) that 's the theory , anyway . diamond ( impressed ) a helluva theory , Doctor Plant . he turn and look it her - diamond ( cont 'd ) there 's not much time , will . we have to find she before the ape and we have to do it within four week . will Jesus , billie ! four week ? we have get a theory - that 's all . we do not even know half the problem we be deal with . you can not put a deadline on science . diamond Science , will ? what about people ? be not that what this be all about . I be sorry - I think there be child die . will sure . of course it 's about that too . diamond but then , you do not care muchabout people do you ? they look at one another . a beat . will be voice be hard - will no - I guess I do not . not for a long time . idea and knowledge be what matter . they be the shine ideal . that 's the only way we progress . diamond progress to what ? we be both child of we age , be not we ? we have grow up to believe the more we know , the more advanced we be . but what do that mean if we have forget the thing of real value . you know the reason I come ? it 's get nothing to do with science or knowledge . I be go to have a child - that 's why I be here . they look at one another . diamond ( cont 'd ) uke you say , the woman 's out there somewhere . why ere we travel with they ? ( indicate aragore and strider ) we should cut ourselves loose . will we would not last a day . we have get to keep move , billie . the ape be like storm - trooper . diamond where be they now ? will right behind . I think strider have some sort of tribal intuition . he say he can hear they hoof beat in he head . the first ray of dawn pierce the mist from the waterfall . will and diamond turn at a sound behind they - aragorn be get up . aragorn ready ? a sparkling river wind through a beautiful valley . the two horse splash along the water 's edge . strider and aragorn be mount on one , will and diamond on the other . they turn a curve - aragorn lead they out of the shallow and into the forest . the cave of the rainbow ape soldier be swarm over the cave . a tracker use torchlight to study footprint . he look up at orak - tracker there 's four of they , my Lord . drak four ? the tracker point it a at of print - tracker it 's woman . Blue eye have a mate . drak excellent . I look forward to meeting she . soldier ( o.s. ) my Lord - hoof print . drak turn - the man stand on a path that curve up towards the roof of the cave . drak look up - high above he see a slash of daylight . it 's another entrance . drak malakai ! bolag ! two heavily - armed officer emerge from among the soldier . with drak they run for the wall . they leap up the rock face - they massive hand grab tiny ledge . other ape follow they . they scramble up the wall with amazing speed . a eagle circle soaring and hover in the sky . we tilt down a tribesman - dress in skin edge with feather - be perch high on a jag peak . he 's a lookout . he tense - four figure on foot appear on a path cut into the side of a cliff . the lookout give a pierce crythe sound of a eagle . it carry down to - series of wooden platform be build into the rocky crag , open into cave . they be connect by ladder and bridge sling across dizzying drop . the inhabitant here live with they totem - this be the nest of the tribe of the Eagle . the platform and cave be crowded with the gather tribe . people turn at the lookout 's cry . a man push through , listen - it 's kip - kena . the lookout post kip follow the direction of the lookout 's point finger . will and diamond lead the other two - all on foot now - along the path . kip it 's the traveler ! with a woman ... the lookout shield he eye against the sun - the visitor ere come closer . lookout the fool - he 's bring a ape with himl he reach for a bow but kip 's hand fall on he arm , stop he . kip who 's the other one , though ? ( realize ) aragorn ! he turn , yell down to the platform - kip ( cont 'd ) it 's the Ranger ! the Ranger be free ! on the platform the tribe - people burst into action - run for the bridge , scale the ladder . a wooden bridge swing through the AIR whack ! it lock into place on the far side of a deep crevasse . it 's a primitive drawbridge . aragorn step on to it , lead the other across . the tribe - people be gather , eager to greet he . then they see strider . a ripple of fear and anger run through they . aragorn the ape travel with I - treat he as a friend . nobody argue with the Ranger . he stop in front of kip . the young warrior start to bow he head but aragorn stop he . he put out he arm - they embrace . will cross the bridge . kip see he . he grasp will 's arm in greeting - kip you carry part of my spirit with you - I owe you my life . welcome , traveler . inside the eagle's nest a series of cave , connect by vault arch , extend in to the mountain . they be crowded with member of various tribe - child be play , flint - knapper be fashion tool , woman ara cooking . a shaft of sunlight strike a ledge high up the wall . kip and will have find a quiet place amid the bustle . will be the seven tribe here ? kip all except the antelope . they hunt the plain far to the west - they have the longest journey . will will they come ? kip who know - maybe the ape have find they . nobody have see they for many summer go . why ? will I be search for someone - a young woman . she look like we ... ( he indicate diamond ) ) I think she might live with the tribe . kip be she a relative - be she bear to you hearth ? will to all of we hearths . my race revere she . we think of she as the first woman . without she . we life be nothing . kip ( nodd he head ) woman be of the spirit - we believe that . too . mother Earth mate with the totem . only through woman can they child walk the world . will have you see she ? kip no . will you be sure ? perhaps some of the woman have see something ? kip she look like you , you say ? no offense , traveler , but the woman say you be the ugliest man they have ever see . a woman that look like you - I be sure they would have talk about it . will Ugly ? they smile at one another . kip I be sorry I can not help . a torch flare below . kip look down into a adjoin cave . it 's empty except for a group of man - all warrior - filing in . this be the leader of each of the tribe . another torch be lit they ring the wall of the small cave . by they light we see the skin , the feather and the symbol of each tribe 's totem - the eagle , the tiger , the rainbow ... beneath each one squat its leader . one place be empty - the tribe of the antelope . will sit near the entrance . he watch aragorn - dress in ceremonial robe , the Crescent of Light glisten at he neck - rise to he foot . aragorn we have travel without rest - there be soldier a day behind . the ape say it 's a army . kip and there be more come from the north . five squadron et least , the runner say . it 's lead by the old warrior nazgul . aragorn be that why you call the gather ? kip great thing be move , Ranger - a old man , battle - scar and gray , lean forward . he be the leader of the rainbow . a rainbow a stranger walk out of the west , the moon hide the sun , army be on the march - come the new moon , nothing in Middle Earth will be the same . other nod they head in agreement . kip ( cont 'd ) we either fight or flee - the tribes must decide . aragorn I know you , kip - you always be a fighter . what do the other say ? warrior in a feathered cloak speak - eagle it do not matter what we say - the Ranger have return . we will follow wherever he lead . aragorn look at they face . slowly he shake he head - aragorn I will walk the path mother Earth have laid for I , but I will walk it no more as Ranger . the leader stare at he . several start to object but he silence they with he hand - aragorn a man lead from he heart and winter have come early to mine . ( softly ) I take the life of my daughter - and some of you kinfolk with it . I do my duty - nothing more can be ask of I man . but now other must walk in my place . he walk forward , unfasten the Crescent of Light . he stop in front of kip - aragorn if I should have have a son , I would have hope for a man as fine as you . this be my last act as Ranger of the easterlings - he reach out and slip the Crescent of Light around kip 's neck . aragorn ( cont 'd ) take care of my father 's people . guide they well . ( he look at the leader ) you must decide what be best for the tribes . for I ... I be the one that have to strike the blow , but it be the ape who kill my child . tomorrow I will go to fight they . what father could do any less ? he turn away and walk towards the entrance . only will see the tear in he eye . kide ' face , wide - eyed they huddle together - stare at the strange- look woman and the ape . strider be building a small fire at the side of the cave , diamond lay down fur for sleep . , she look up - the leader be come out of the meeting . will approach . will they be go to war . they leave at dawn . strider they will be slaughter . will they think if they leave the valley , they totem will not follow . without they , they say they be dead anyway . diamond we should go now . will look at she . she meet he gaze . suddenly she realize - diamond oh , nol we be not fight someone else 's war - will listen to I - diamond we have get four week , willl four week to find she . she 's not here , so whet be we wait for ? let 's go ! the tribe - people turn at the raise voice . will take diamond 's arm and guide she to a private corner - will listen , billie ! we know the future - but if we beat the ape , they can not harm the woman . diamond beat the ape ?! and say we do not - or say one of we get capture . what then ? do not you understand ? four weeksi will yeah , I understand - but that thing be not go to happen . we know thing the ape can not even dream of . this be we world , billie - man win it with they mind . all we need be knowledge and science . we have get they both . we can win ! diamond what be we go to do - dazzle they with calculus ? this be a army , will - you say it yourself . Storm - trooperst will look - he bend and pick up 's rock from the ground . he hand it to diamond - will ( cont 'd ) taste it . that 's saltpeter - the natural form of potassium nitrate . the cave be litter with the stuff . you have smelt the air - there 's sulfur all around . if we burn timber , that ' Il give we charcoal . you be 's scientist - you know what it mean . sure - she know what it mean . she stare at he . diamond it 's strange , be not it ? give 's man 's problem and the first thing he think about be weapon . will we be a frail species , billea . it 's only weapon that have make we bigger than we be . diamond or smaller . will it 's the ape who be go to be a whole lot smaller after this . we can beat themi no more experiment - no more problem . diamond ( quietly ) I hope you right , will . fire burn all over the eagle 's nest , turn pile of timber into charcoal . the camp be a hive of activitylumn of tribe - people make they way up from the valley carry pile of sulfur rock ; woman and child sit in circle , pound the saltpeter into dust . will move among the tribal leader , watch as they measure and combine the element in bowl . strider sit apart , watch , not sure if the human have lose they mind . straw man fly toward US he look like a scarecrow except he 's dress in capture ape armor . rigged to a fly fox , he speed past a rock face . all of the tribe - people be gather on the side of a crevasse , watch . the straw man fly closer - towards a rocky outcrop . will touch a burn ember to the ground . we see a flash of flame as a fuse ignites but we lose it among the rock . a thin trail of smoke mark its passage . the tribe - people watch - nothing seem to be happen . suddenly - just as the straw man reach the outcrop - ka-boom ! a huge explosion . Fire and fly rock hit the straw man . the tribe - people scream . terrify , they turn and run . smoke and dust obscure the fly fox . will walk forward to examine he handiwork . tribes -people peer out from they hide place - the smoke and dust clear . they see the tatter shred of the straw man hang from the rope . several of the woman start to cry in fear . will stand on the edge of the crevasse . he turn - kip , aragorn and the other leader be approach . they look at he with trepidation . kip you make fire from rock of the earth - what be this thing ? will gunpowder . kip turn to the other . they repeat the word , as if that will unlock its mystery . will ( cont 'd ) we have still get work to do . he turn and go . the tribe - people , emboldene by they leader , come closer . they draw back from will as he make he way through they . he come face to face with strider . the man and the ape look at one another . strider ape believe man be the devil 's child . maybe they be right . what have you do , will - what have you unleash on the world ? will nothing , strider . the future , that 's all . strider I can not fight with you tomorrow , will . to kill a ape in a brawl be one thing , but I can not go to war against my people . will ( kindly ) I never expect you to . again they look at one another . will turn and leave . water flying , hoove pounding drak and he cavalry , pennant fly , gallop along the edge of a river . rank of infantry , follow by horse - draw supply wagon , travel behind . the river swing around a point thick with tree . we crane up above the foliage - a tributary flow clown the other side . march through the shallow be another army of ape . at they head , on a stallion , be nazgul . the two squadron converge at the end of the point . the foot soldier meld together , the praetorian Guard splash ahead , drak and nazgul ride side by side . ahead , the river and its tributary pour over a broad rock ledge . it 's a natural weir - the ford of the three river a jumble of log and break branch lie snag in the middle of the river . the praetorian Guard sweep past they and turn on to the weir . the Guard spur they horse forward , force they through the fast-runn current , crossing to the other side - in the tree a shadow of movement . tribesman glide through the dapple light of the forest , almost invisible in skin and camouflage . will and kip stand motionless , deep in shadow . they watch as the Guard on they horse come thunder across the ford , straight towards they . the infantry be close behind . will drop he hand - trail of FIRE whip along the ground - out of the forest and on to the flatten rock that form part of the ford . the Guards ' horse shy away . the ape look down in puzzlement - boom ! boom ! booml section of the weir explode in plume of rock and water . ape be cut to piece , horse be hurl into the fast - flow water . on the far side - orak 's horse rear up . he drive he spur into its flank , try to control it . Cloud of dust and smoke billow across the weir , the wounded be scream - the ape cavalry wheel and turn in confusion . drak plunge forward - chaos all around he . he pound he chest with both fist and roar - drak ape - chargel the ape still on they horse hear he cry . they spur they mount forward . the first of the cavalry reach - the shore boom ... boom ! more explosion rip the river bank to piece . in the forest battery of cross -bow be mount on a series of long wooden frame . the Eagle leader and he warrior run from one to the other , touch flame to rope fuse . Fire sizzle towards the crossbow , each one load with a charge - bam ...bam ... bamf the score of crossbow fire . on the ford the ape cavalry be plunging through the smoke and debris . wham ! the hail of arrow cut they to piece . drak be in the middle of a whirling mass of ape and horse . he look through the smoke - into the forest . he see will , stand on a rock with kip , like a general commanding he army . drak bellow with rage . he snap the rein , about to drive he horse onward . a arrow fly in from the flank . whackt it slam into drak 's chest armor , splintering . he turn - the jumble of log float in the middle of the river . the leader of the rainbow tribe , water stream off of he , kneel on the tangle of tree and branch , reloading he bow . this be no jumble of log - it 's a fire platform they have anchore therel dozen rainbow warrior , hide in the water , clamber out of the river . they kneel next to they leader , drlwing they bow - the ford drak watch es I flight of arrow slam into the milling rank of ape . right in front of he , a arrow rip through the throat of the leader of the praetorian Guard . drak turn to nazgul , yell - drak the one in the river - take themi nazgul spur he horse back across the weir . on the shore ape cavalry and infantry scramble up the river bank . bam ! they hear the charge go off - the hurl themselves down . another volley of arrow scythes through they - in the forest the Eagle leader and he man work feverishly to reload and recharge the battery of crossbow . one of the warrior look up - terror on he face . drak , follow by the remnant of he praetorian Guard , charge through the blue haze of gunsmoke - straight towards they . one of the crossbow battery fire ! arrow hit he horse 's armor but drak do not falter . crouched iow in the saddle , he spin the gatling gun like a gunslinger . he lock it under he arm . the eagle warrior start to break and run . the ape ' horse sound like thunder roll closer . the Eagle leader and several of he warrior stand they ground , desperately work to reload . they spin the battery , sighting straight at drak 's chest . they fire ! arrow fly - drak leap out of the saddle ! he catch hold of a overhange bough . the arrow whiz underneath , skim he butt . he leap again - higher into the tree . the Eagle leader look up - sunlight sparkles on the leave . it 's dazzle - smash ! drak 's sword cleave through one of the warrior . drak have drop to the ground , right behind they . the Eagle leader turn - too latel rat-a-tat - tat ! the gatling gun fire . arrow shred the Eagle leader 's feathered coat . he crumple to the ground like some fall bird . the ford the ape infantry pour across the ford , charge over the body of they fall comrade . the forest riderless horse , part of the ape cavalry , charge wildly through the tree . we tilt up - they rider have abandon they and take to the tree . the branch be thick with ape fire , cut down group of run tribesman . the rock platform will and several tribesman hurl camouflage aside revealing a long iron barrel wedge in the rock . one of the warrior tilt it up , aim it at the tree ; another stoke pebble and scrap of metal into the barrel . will touch a ember to a fuse . everyone dive for cover - boom ! the primitive cannon fire . the shrapnel hit the tree . shredd ape , branch and leave fall to the ground . will and the warrior reload . again they fire - but the charge be too big . the whole cannon break free of the rock . it fly like a missile and smashes into the trunk of a tree . timber ! a rocky gorge its rugge wall be line with pile of huge boulder . aragorn and a group of warrior be fight hand - to-hand , be force back by score of ape infantry . aragorn drive he spear at a huge ape . the point plunge into the animal 's belly , up and under he armor . blood spurt out from the join in the metal . in the tree a ape sharpshooter sight down he crossbow - straight at aragorn . he fire - among the boulder wham ! the crossbow bolt smashes into aragorn 's shoulder , send he reeling . one of the tribesman turn - it 's kip . he see aragorn on he knee . kip wield a sword , fight he way towards aragorn . slash ! he take one ape across the chest . whaml another ape in the neck . he grab aragorn and start to drag he out of the melee . in the tree the ape sharpshooter have kip in he sight . his finger reach for the trigger . he start to squeeze - sswhishl the sound of a arrow . whackl it bury itself in the sharpshooter 's neck . he fall out of the tree - high among the boulder will . he stand almost at the top of the gorge , lowering a crossbow . he look down at kip 's man - the ape , vastly superior in number , be swarm forward , drive the tribesman back . on a ridge below he , four tribesman scramble away from huge boulder . a flash of fire then - ka-bam ! on theground ape be rush forward . they hear the explosion . several ape turn - the huge boulder , split into chunks , fly towards they . the ape scatter . smashl the chunks knock ape aside like skittles . but there 's more of they behind , spilling in to the gorge , over-run it - the dust from the explosion swirl past drak . he look up - he see will on the ridge , silhouett against the sky . drak snarl deep in he throat . he wheel he horse and gallop hard towards a trail that wind up among the boulder . on the ridge will move fast along the top of the ridge . he stop - look down on the river . on the other side , nazgul and a platoon of ape unload huge leather bladder from the wagon and empty they into the river . will shade hile aye - the water glisten with iridescent color . he realize - it 's oil . the current carry it straight towards the platform in the river . the warrior of the rainbow tribe - unaware - be still aboard , fire at the ape on the ford . will turn fait - wa whip pan along the shoreline . he see what he fear - two ape below he with a fire burn . they slot flame arrow into they crossbow - will unsling he crossbow , steady himself and fire - ks-whack ! the arrow rip through one ape 's neck . he pitch forward - heed - first into the fire . the other ape hurl himself aside , diving for cover . will re-load . the side of the ape 's head be just visible behind a rock . if will make this , it 's go to be a helluva shot . his finger curl around the trigger - right behind he , the sound of hoof . will spin it 's drak charge towards he . he raise the gatling gun - will aim at the big ape 's throat and fire . drak swerve . the arrow miss he throat but slam into he expose forearm . the gatling gun fly from he hand . there 's no time for will to re-load - he turn and run . drak charge down on he . he draw a harpoon out of its scabbard . will scramble over a crest - nothing but thin air ! drak have he square in he sight . he draw back he arm , about to hurl the harpoon . will throw himself forward - the side of a cliff will fall down , down , down . drak rein he horse to a halt right at the edge . he look over - will plunge towards the river , flow fast below the ford . splash ! will cannonballs into the water and disappear . drak stare down , try to catch sight of he . nothing . in the river a tree branch and other flotsam be be carry downstream by the current . a pair of hand emerge from the water and grab hold of it . will 's head follow . gasp , catch he breath , he look upstream - the water pour over the weir . a flame arrow arc through the air . the ape on the shore have do he job - the oil slick erupt in flame as the arrow hit it . the whole surface of the river be suddenly transformed into a raging blaze . the rainbow leader and he man turn . they see a wall of flame racing towards they . several warrior dive into the water , swim for the shore - whoosh ! the flame engulf they . a wall of fire sweep over the wooden platform . like macabre shadow - we see the dance shape of the die warrior . in the river the current pull will down the river . he look back - the molten fire spill over the weir . anguish scream be carry on the wind . a pillar of black , oily smoke rise up high into the sky - the eagle ' nest the platform and rocky outcrop be crowded with the woman , child and old folk . diamond and strider stand together . all of they stare down at the river valley . the pillar of smoke rise higher . woman ( o.s. ) they be here ! diamond turn - the woman be stand on the high platform . diamond follow the direction of she outstretch arm . a group of warrior , follow by they woman - folk and child , be come round the mountain path . they leader wear a golden fur and a head - dress of auroch 's horn . it 's the tribe of the antelope . outside the MAIN cave a chorus of chatter voice . the new arrival be surround by member of they sister tribe . the leader of the antelope stand in the center , listen to a woman - kip 's wife . whatever she 's say be lose in the hubbub . antelope quiet ! instantly , the voice die . antelope ( cont 'd ) ( anxious ) where ? kip 's wife do not answer - she walk forward and point to the pillar of smoke . the antelope leader turn to he warrior . antelope ( cont 'd ) we go - now ! diamond and strider stand on the platform , watch several old man lower the drawbridge . whack ! it lock into place . the antelope warrior cross it and disappear down a narrow trail . the rest of the antelope tribe move towards the cave . diamond turn away - then she stop . something have catch she eye . she stare at the crowd of woman and child head into the cave . strider what be it ? diamond do not answer - she tense . in the milling crowd of brown body , she see it again - a flash of gold . it *s sunlight on blonde hair . diamond she 's here .. , holy God - she 's herel it 's not a woman - it 's a child ! she grab a rope ladder , ignore the rung and slither down it . a young girl help she mother set up camp . she be about 10 year old , tawny -haire , taller and straighter - back ' than any of she people . she look like we . diamond push through the woman and kid gather around the hearth . she stop . the young girl turn . for a moment she and diamond stare at one another , separate by a hundred thousand year , but so similar they can both see themselves in the other . the young girl smile . diamond return it - diamond what 's you name ? the girl 's mother stare , amaze to see someone who look like she child . mother her name be aiv. diamond ev? ( realizing ) of course . my people have a name like that - " Eve " be how we say it . the mother nod - the sound seem to please she . diamond put out she arm and indicate the young girl . the mother smile , give she permission . diamond put she arm around Eve . diamond ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) I have come a long way to find you . Eve look at she - wide - eye , innocent . eve why ? diamond to keep you safe . she hold she tight . the mother catch diamond 's eye . mother do you have child ? diamond shake she head - no . the mother can not hide she disappointment . diamond what 's wrong ? mother I be hope you have a son . aiv 's a sweet girl . she 's the child of my heart . but the way she look , nobody will want she as a mate . before diamond can answer there 's a commotion outside the cave . she turn to look - strider and tribe - people be run out into the daylight . swirl of dust rise up from I mountain path . whatever 's cause it be hide from view by the peak and crag . the tribal - people gather on vantage point , watch it come closer . strider cock he head - listen . a shadow of fear pass across he face . strider horse ! it 's horse ! horse mean apesi panic sweep through the tribe - people . woman grab they child , young kid start scream , old man and boy scramble for weapon . diamond weave through the fly mass of people . she swing up on to a platform beside strider . he point - come into view on the mountain path - run and stumbling , drag they wounded - be what 's leave of the antelope warrior . they woman - folk cry out as they realize what have happen to they mate . the warrior race along the path and across the drawbridge . nobody raise it when they leave - several old man and a couple of boy struggle now to do it . they haul on the rope and pulley . it start to swing upwards - here he come - drak ! he 's gallop hard at the head of he cavalry , battle scar and bloody . he see the drawbridge start to lift . he do not pause - he whip he horse into a thunder gallop . the bridge rise higher . drak 's horse leap ! it soar across the crevasse - the giddyl drop stretch out below - and land on the lift bridge . the man and boy stare in horror . orak charge down on they . they back away - all except one boy , not even in he teens , who stand he ground . swish ! drak 's sword cleave he from shoulder to waist . the other tribesman run . wham ! the drawbridge fall back into place . the ape cavalry charge across it . broad wooden platform a ape horseman fly across the platform . he leap off the edge , on to a lower platform . diamond 's right in front of he ! she throw herself aside , grab hold of a rope ladder and drop onto - a rock shelf she look across the broad area in front of the cave - ape everywhere , weapon flash , people scream . a young boy try to out - run a ape warrior - it 's Gray beard . the young boy have not get a chance . Gray beard lash out at he with a stock - whip . it curl around the boy 's ankle , trip he . the boy look up - he try to shield he face . too late ! the horse 's hoof smash down - diamond look away , unable to watch . she see Eve . the young girl be at the front of the cave , spin in panic . her mother run towards she ... the mother do not see Gray beard gallop towards she . diamond scream a warning but it 's just one more crv in the commotion . Gray beard raise a short - handle lance and hurl it like a javelin . it hit the mother in the small of the back , straight through the spine . she pitch forward - dead . Eve scream and run towards she mother . diamond leap off the rock ledge - in front of the cave diamond run faster than she 's ever run , sprinting to grab Eva . drak wheel he horse - he see diamond . his lip curl back and he smile - one of the Blue eye ! and a woman ! he leap he horse forward - drak grab the female ! Gray beard be off he horse . diamond run towards he . he raise a crossbow ... drak charge down on she from behind . he hold the harpoon at he shoulder . he aim at she leg . diamond race on - she only think , to save Eve . it will never happen - she 's as good as dead Gray beard 's in front , aim . drak 's right behind . he hurl the harpoon . whoosh ! strider swing through the air . he cling to one of the rope ladder - it 's like tarzan , except he 's a ape . he grab diamond by the scruff of the neck and yank she out of the way . drak 's harpoon skim past they . Gray beard stare in amazement at the woman fly through the air . but that 's not he big surprise - with diamond out of the way , the harpoon be fly straight at he . he scream as it rip into he throat . high rock ledge strider - diamond clutch under he arm - land on a ledge high above the fight . diamond turn fast and look back - in front of the cave Eve crouch over the body of she mother . the woman 's mouth be freeze in a anguish scream , she dead eye stare straight ahead . Eva shake she , desperately hope for some sign of life . nothing . Eve start to cry . a dark shadow fall across she . she look up - it 's drak . he reach down and grab she by the neck . he beat he chest with he fist and raise she up above he head like a trophy . on the rock ledge diamond , anguish , try to go to the little girl but strider hold she in a iron grip . he swing diamond off she foot , and leap for a overhange branch of a tree . he jumpsfrom the tree to a jag peak and vanish from sight . charree and smoking wreckage float at the shore of the river . it be what remain of the fire platform - the body of several of the rainbow warrior still on board . smoke curl away from the platform and drift through the forest . the only sound be the whinnying of a horse - it have a break leg . again and again it try to get to its foot . a solitary figure make he way through the shadow . it 's will , soaking wet from the river . he stop at the entrance to the rocky gorge and look at the carnage all around he . so much for knowledge and science . this be where the warrior of the tribe make they last stand - they body lie huddle together in a jumble . will stare at they , anguish on he face . will ( softly , to himself ) I be so sure ... he kneel and turn one of the body over . it 's kip - spear through the chest . a shaft of sunlight hit the Crescent of Light . it glint on he lifeless throat . gently , he close kip 's glassy eye . sound behind he . will hurl himself aside , grab for a weapon . he look up - it 's the lookout , battle -stain and weary . they eye meet - lookout ( quietly ) you say we would win . will just nod - he know . lookout ( cont 'd ) you give we hope - that be the cruelest thing . the lookout kneel and cross kip 's hand across he chest . he reach down and remove the Crescent of Light . he turn to will - lookout ( cont 'd ) get the weapon you need . the ape ' Il be come back for they dead . hurry ! will arm himself with crossbow and arrow from the body . cloud of smoke rise into the sky - the eagle 's nest be on fire . drak and he ape make they way along a narrow mountain trail - they have put the human ' camp to the torch . with they be a long line of prisonerswomen and child mostly , many of they in tear . they carry long pole over which be sling they dead and die . we crane , up to - huge rock overhang high up the mountain -side . stand underneath it , hide in shadow , be diamond and strider . they look down on the mountain trail . diamond see eve. the mountain trail the young girl stumble along the road , tie by a length of chain to drak 's saddle . she 's bruise and bleed , she ankle shackle , barely able to walk . the rock overhang diamond look at she , close to tear , but there 's nothing she can do . she watch the convoy wind along the trail . boomi the fire must have hit a store of gunpowder - a explosion rip through the eagle 's nest , blow out the side of one of the peak . diamond watch the dust climb into the sky . all she hope seem to be go with it . in the river it 's twilight . will and the lookout be wading around a knob of land that protect one end of a tiny beach . will see a fire burn on the sand , a cave open off the beach , pile of stone like burial mound . will what be this place ? lookout it 's call the crossroad of the fall King - it 's where we forefather be laid to rest . it 's sacred to we - anyone who 's still alive will make they way here . they wade closer to the beach . in the firelight they see group of tribesman - survivor of the battle . woman and child - the lucky few who manage to flee the eagle 's nest - be bind the warrior ' wound . they look up - everyone fall silent at the sight of will . as he come closer he recognize a woman , sit alone - will it 's kip 's wife . she 's come from the eagle's nest - he go towards she , pass the other tribe - people . nobody greet he . they just watch he pass . he stop in front of kip 's wife . her eye be red from cry . will rm sorry about you mate . she say nothing - she just stare at he . will keep go - will ( cont 'd ) I have be to the eagle 's nest . I be look for the woman I be with . we searched but ... ( he pause ) what happen - be she capture ? kip' wife I throw myself off a platform . I do not know what happen to anyone . will nod . he get to he foot and move to the woman near the fire . we do not hear what he say , but we know what he be ask . one after another they shake they head - no , they know nothing of diamond . shaft of moonlight shimmer on the water . will sit on a rock that straggle into the water . his face be grim , he heart heavy with grief . he 's make something with he hand - twist and turn they - but in the dim light we can not see what it be . inside the cave a shaft of moonlight fall on a semi-circle of rock slab stand on they end - it 's like stonehenge . the survive tribe - people be gather in they shadow . old man it 's half a day since the battle . any that survive would be here by now - we be all that remain of the Seven tribes . the Ranger himself die on the field . we must decide ourselves what to do . silence for a moment . they have spend too long follow a leader for discussion to come easily . finally , a wounded warrior speak - wounded warrior like you say , kip be dead . maybe it 's a sign - the ranger have leave Middle Earth forever . perhaps it 's tell we to do the same . a young woman - probably in she 20 - shake she head . young woman leave the valley ? this be where the eagle fly . this be they home . nobody can live without they totem - we all know that ! lookout nobody can live with the ape eitherl if we stay here , we die . but if we travel beyond the Tower of the Moon , we have get a chance . who know - maybe we totem will follow we ? there 's a murmur of agreement . it grow louder , tribe - people nodd they head . the beach now we see what will have be make - it 's a boat make out of twig and leave . a tiny hull and a gaff-rigge mast . he lean forward and drop it in the water . he watch the current carry it away . farther and farther it bob out into the river - will ( softly ) I be sorry , billie . I should have listen - it be not we war . all you want be a baby ... he can not go on . he watch the tiny boat disappear around the knob of land . in the river the current carry the boat past a jag boulder . a ape 's hand reach out and pick it up . he lift it up to look more closely . we see he face - it 's strider . he turn the toy over in he hand , look at it quizzically . he hand it to diamond , wading along behind he - strider it look like someone make it . diamond it 's a boat - it 's gaff-rigge . ( realize ) oh , Jesus ... she plunge forward , wading as fast as she can . diamond ( cont 'd ) will ! on the beach will be walk up the beach . he stop , listen . he hear it again -his name ! he turn and head towards the river . he see diamond come round the headland , splash through the water . will stop . they look at one another - then they both move forward , arm stretch out . they wrap they arm around each other . will ( softly ) I think I would lose you . diamond I think you be dead . they keep hold each other . will how do you find this place ? diamond strider . his father be a tracker . we have be follow a trail for hour . will look over she shoulder - strider be wading towards they . diamond ( cont 'd ) he save my life , will . will go to greet he . the man and the ape embrace . will thank you , my friend - thank you . strider what do you expect ? you would have do the same for I . shower of SPARKS as will put a log on the fire . from inside the cave we hear the murmur of voice as the argument go back and forth . both diamond and strider be wrap in fur - they clothes be laid out next to the fire , drying . will speak to diamond - will some time when we want something so bad , we can take a thing and twist it in we head . you be sure about this , billie ? diamond I be pregnant , will - I be not crazy . she 's not like they - she 's a mutation . evolution 's always try to improve on itself . it 's turn out a child that can walk taller and run faster , one whose brain - pan hold a mind that can think laterally . I have see she , will . I have hold she in my arm - she be we . will look at she . there 's no doubt - he believe she . will you say she be with drak . diamond on a chain . will it 's two day ' march to the city . be she wounded - can she make it ? diamond she can make it . ( a beat - she look at he ) will ? before he can answer , the Old man and several other come down the beach - old man it 's decide - we be leave the valley forever . ( turn to strider ) you people have win - the Seven tribes of Middle Earth have be break . Long may they spirit haunt you ( he turn back to will ) you and you mate can travel with u but we have get misery enough to carry . we hearth be not home to ny ape . will then it 's not home to we . the ape 's better than any man I have know . the Old man 's lip curl in a sneer . he shrug and walk away . strider go with they . will - everyone need they own kind . will and diamond new almost simultaneously - will no ! diamond of course we can not ... ( to will ) the city , will . will and strider turn no look at she - incredulous . will we call it a city - it 's more like a fortress , billie . it can not be do . diamond the three of you get out - everyone think that be impossible too . will we be lucky . but that 's the trouble with luck - it run out . I do not want to be back in the city when it do . diamond what about Eve - what do we do , just forget about she ? will no . maybe we can not stop the ape give she the disease - but they will have to turn she loose . that 's the only way she can infect other . so we lay a plan and we find she . then it 's we job to stop she have child . if we can do that , it can not be pass on through the race . she shrug that 's the only thing I can think of . diamond how long will that take - less than twenty - five day ? will no. diamond so what of my child ? we have to face it - you be go to lose it . she turn away , try to keep she emotion in check . will come to she side - will ( cont 'd ) we can not take we eye off the goal . if we solve this , you can have other child . not if wa throw we life away , though . diamond whose , will - whose child ? she look at he . he meet she gaze . a beat . will guess that 's you call . diamond what sort of father would you make ? you tell I once the only thing that matter be knowledge . that 's wrong . Science and technology can only take you so far - in the end it 's we humanity that maner . that 's what make we great . you be a wonderful scientist , will - but what sort of person be you ? what would you do if it be you child ? she look straight into he eye . finally he answer . softly - will I do not know how to do it - not the humanity part , that 's easy compare to get into the city . I just do not know ... he pick up a stick and start to scratch out a rough map on the ground . will ( cont 'd ) it sit on a river . there 's only one bridge - heavily guard . even if we could cross it , all the ridge and road be patrol - strider there 's one place that 's not . both diamond and will turn to he . he take the stick - strider ( cont 'd ) down here - it 's call funeral rock . it sit at the bottom of the temple . from there you can make you way into the city . even so , you still have to cross the river . he draw a arrow across the water , illustrate the problem . diamond be about to speak but she look at will - he 's stare at the arrow , a idea , half form , be start to form . will maybe there be a way ... across the river , I mean . diamond how ? will turn to she - will you will love it - there 's barely any science to it at all . diamond we be go ? be that right - we be go !? they eye meet and hold . he smile at she . three silhouettes travel fast along a high ridge . the sun - a fiery disc - rise right behind they . we recognize they physique - will in the lead , then diamond and strider . as they cross the face of the sun , we dissolve to - light twinkle on the building and terrace of the ape ' city . will and he two comrade be on a bluff , look down . the sound of music and laughter drift towards they on the night air . suddenly a huge tongue of flame shoot out of a stone chimney . strider they have start up the furnace . ( softly ) let the game begin . diamond what game ? will the ape kill they prisoner for sport . the furnace take care of the body . diamond - sicken by it - turn to look at will . already he 's head off , lead they down nrrow trail . a hidden ledge much closer to the city . will and the other move fast along it , deep in the shadow . the river thunder by below they , separate they from the city . the only way across be the massive iron and wood bridge . ape guard patrol it . only diamond pause to look et it . will and strider urge she forward . it disappear from view . a steel arrow fly through the air . tied to its shaft , trail out behind , be a rope make from vine . will lower a crossbow . he watch the arrow fly through the mist and spray - the river race by just below and pour over the Falls of no return . whack ! the arrow bury itself in the trunk of a massive tree stand on the bank . on the other shore will and strider haul the rope taut and tie it round a tree . it stretch from one side of the river to the other . all it have to do be hold . will turn to diamond . he shout to be hear over the roar of the fall - will you first . we will be right behind . diamond scramble up on to a rock platform and grab hold of the rope . she look across the riverthe moonlight spill through the wind - blow spray ; the roaring water rush by ; the rope hang like a thread . there 's fear on she face - will ( cont 'd ) you ready ? diamond it sure as shit be not Kansas , be it ? will go! diamond throw herself forward . her foot leave the platform . Hand over hand she go - out across the river . will watchel for a moment then launch himself - he hand wrap around the rope . strider sling he crossbow over he shoulder and jump . the line bow under he weight . diamond 'l foot drop closer to the water . she look down - the mass of black water , fleck with foam , rush past . will look ahead - diamond be almost lose in flurry of spray . she 's drip wet , haul herself forward - the sound of the Falls be deafen . right below she , a huge , swirl " hole " open up . it 's a whirlpool . she start to swing across it . joltl the tree trunk the arrow pull part way out of the tree . the steel shaft shiver but it hold . everything seem okay . suddenly - snap ! one of the strand of the vine break - on the rope everything buck and shudder . diamond scream . she look down - straight into the vortex of the whirlpool . her blood run cold - she freeze . will sees her hanging motionless on the rope . he scream at her - will go! billie - go ! she do not seem to hear . her eye be wide with fear - stare down , down into the whirlpool 's bottomless well . will , try to get to her , hurl himself forward . the rope strain and bow - will move ! she do not react . strider watch as will try to catch up . the rope be sway so much it 's agonizingly slow . diamond stare at a huge log spin down into nothingness . the whirlpool seem to be swallow everything , even the moonlight - will ( cont 'd ) billiai what about the baby ?! the word hit she . she pull she eye from the swirl death . she look at will . will ( cont 'd ) move , billiel nowl she understand . she start to pull herself forward . will slump with relief - on the shore the arrow move another inch out of the trunk . the rope fix to its shaft be strain to break point . but still everything hold ... the iron and wood bridge one of the guard patrol the bridge . out of the corner of he eye - flash of something . he look towards the Falls . guard ( call ) gimla . the other guard join he . they peer through the night at the spray rise from the Falls . they see it again - above the river , a flash of light on metal . the keep watch . a eddy of wind clear the mist for a second . they see strider go hand over hand along the rope , moonlight glint on he crossbow . on the shore another strand of the rope break . we follow it as it unravel - past diamond and will . before we get to strider it stop - a section of the rope be so badly fray it can not go any farther . it 's go to break any moment . screech ! a siren wail . strider they have see usl will look up - river to the bridge . through a hole in the mist he see ape guard point and yell . a whole squadron run to join they . diamond throw herself forward - she make the shorel will and strider give it everything they have get . strider 's first hand pass the fray section . he 's follow it with he second - snap ! the whole rope break . will - close to the shore - plunge into the rip current . but at lea it he 's cling to the rope with both hand . strider 's in the water hang on to the end of the rope by the finger of one paw . will turn and reach for he . strider ( cont 'd ) no ! save yourselfl on the shore diamond have grab hold of the rope and be try to pull it in . the weight - of the man and the current - make it impossible . all she can do be try and hold they . on the rope strider 's finger be slip free . will grab he - man and ape , hand to paw . will hold he . strider we will both die . let gol will shake he head - no . hanging on to the rope one -hande , the current tear at he body , he try to haul strider in . whizz ! a arrow fly past , just miss they , and plunge into the water . the ape on the bridge be fire . strider ( cont 'd ) another minute , we will both be dead . do it , willl will try again to drag strider to the rope . another arrow fly through the mist and spray - even closer . strider reach out with he free hand . he start to prize will 's finger loose - strider ( cont 'd ) if nothing else , I make it to the Falls no return . will realize - nothing be go to stop strider . will the sacred word , strider - what be the word ?! strider " in the beginning ... will ' in the beginning be the word and the word wes God ... ' strider ( in wonder ) you know the word ? will you will walk in the next world , strider . strider how do you know ? will I have see the future , have not I ? strider smile at he - a smile of perfect peace . strider good-bye will . take care of billie . he twist will 's last finger free . he drop - the swirl river carry he away . will be close to tear , but he will not let himself cry . two more arrow sizzle past - will and the word be God . yea , though I walk through the valley of death , I will fear no evil ... strider spin down the river , through the spray and foam . will ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) surely goodness and mercy shall follow I all the day of my life and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever . amen . strider , one arm raise , plunge over the Falls . on the bridge we see who 's be coordinate the fire . it 's drak . archer be kneel on the bridge , try to sight a target through the foam water and cloud of mist . drak , never take he eye off of the river , draw back the massive spring of he crossbow and reload . on the shore diamond ia haul on the rope , pull it in . will , up to he neck in water , tow himself along it . his foot find a foot - he start to scramble up the bank . diamond go towards he - just for a moment , the mist clear . on the bridge moment 's long enough . drak 's see he . in one fluid movement he adjust he aim and fire - on the shore diamond be almost in will 's arm . sswhack ! the arrow rip into wiu 's back , through he rib . he pitch forward . diamond scream . he fall into she arm . the mist close around they . huge stone arch the survivor of the Seven tribes travel fast along a forest trail . all of they be burden down with possession , weary from the road - they be leave the valley . kip 's wife and the Old man be in the lead . they pass through the arch , out into a clear . in the middle of it be a fire , shadow campe around it - kip 's wife and the other survivor stop in fear . one of the shadow rise from the. fire . bath in moonlight - almost ghost - like - he come towards they . it 's aragorn ! kip 's wife move forward and embrace he - kip' wife we think you be dead . aragorn hunted , but not dead . a dozen of we be drive back in the battle - he indicate he man . they be come forward , greeting the survivor . the Young woman see she mate - she cry out . they hold each other . aragorn ( cont 'd ) for three day a squadron of ape have track we . last night we ambush they . we be head now for the eagle 's nest . kip' wife ( softly ) there be no eagle 's nest . aragorn stare at she , not want to believe it . kip' wife ( cont 'd ) we be all that 's leave of the Seven tribes . grief well up inside aragorn . we hold on he face . a FIRE crackle all of the tribe - people be gather around it . old man there be no - one else , aragorn - you be the Ranger . aragorn ( shaking he head ) no . we must all follow the trail we think best . you have decide yours . for I * I will go to the city of the ape and take what revenge I can . I will go alone - but like the traveler , I think death will be the only thing I find there . old man then it will find we , too . Warrior follow they Ranger . that 's always be the way of it in Middle Earth . aragorn but nothing 's the same now . think of the women-folk . what will become of they ? kip' wife you be right - there 's so few of we now , nothing be the same . you must allow the woman to follow , too . aragorn but woman can not fight . kip' wife woman have never be allow to fight . that do not mean they can not . all the woman nod they assent . the man smile , agree . everyone wait for aragorn to decide . a beat - then he nod he head and smile . the tribe - people start to cheer . the lookout step forward . from out of the fold of he fur , he take the Crescent of Light . all of the tribe stare at it . lookout I find it on the battlefield . there be that who say the ranger have leave Middle Earth forever - I do not know what to do with it . he hand it to aragorn . the whole tribe watch as the proud man once again tie the talisman of he rank around he neck . aragorn douse the fire . the Seven tribes be go to war . on the shore the ape , carry torch , search the river bank and surround cliff . we push in on a pool of darkness behind they - will and diamond hide in a hollow beneath the tangle root of a huge tree . they have do they best to dress will 's wound but he 's obviously in a lot of pain - diamond you can not go on , will - not like this . will what about the baby ? diamond I will keep go - I will try and get Eve . will alone ? do not be ridiculous - he start to haul himself to he foot . his face twist in pain - he have to stop . diamond look at you - you can barely walk . he put out he hand , need I boost up . will if I can just get up - help I . diamond shake she head - no . they look at one another . will ( cont 'd ) do not do this to I - pleasel diamond you have do enough - more than anyone else could . you be one of the finest man I have ever know - but it 's over , will . you be go to have to wait . now it 's my turn - she grab she weapon and start to leave . will make it to he foot - will billie ! she 's almost through the tangle root . will ( cont 'd ) I make a mistake once - I go on a journey with someone I love . at the end , I let she go into danger alone . diamond stop . diamond where be that - Berkeley , will ? she turn and look at he . he nod he head - yes . diamond ( cont 'd ) what happen ? will I know I would find the chemical key . I be work with three young researcher . one of they be a woman call Ali conoily . we be engage . they be the one that go into the tank . I do not know as much as I think I do . they die in there . diamond why do not you go , will ? will we all want to . it be a great adventure . wa draw lot for it . I should never have agree , but we be young - and like the young we think life would last forever . diamond Robert Plant die too , do not he - in a way ? will the experiment be unauthorize . there be a inquiry . they say the theory have no basis . ' ludicrous " be a word they use . my career have go up like a rocket . it come down like the stick . I could not find work anywhere diamond " will Robinson " - that be you joke , I guess . you be lose in Space , be you ? will yeah , but I never realize it would be so appropriate . they sort of smile at one another . will ( cont 'd ) have twenty year to work out where my research go wrong - so what , though . it be just a mind game . but I have learn a lot of thing - the most important be that sometimes you get a second chance . a second chance for a lot of thing - he look straight at she . they hold each other 's eye . will ( cont 'd ) and when you do , you have to grab it and make sure you never let it go . I have get the heart , billie . it 's my body that 's fail I . neither one of they move . a beat . diamond give I you hand , will . she help he to he foot . a giant chasm it 's several hour before dawn . in the gloom - whooshl kip 's wife ride a fly fox across a precipitous drop . she land on the other side of a jag ravine . the rest of the tribe , all heavily armed , be wait there . they turn end run , fade into the tree . the funeral rock jut out into the roaring river . will and diamond scramble out of the darkness and land on the rock . will 's face be haggard with pain but he force himself forward . he 's loosen up . go faster as he move - they pass through the huge leg of the stone ape - into the Temple . a darkened room torch flicker on the wall . from somewhere close - by - muffle - we hear the sound of a crowd . a young ape , barely in he teens , stand in the middle of the room , almost naked . his face be paint with strange ochre marking . a circle of ape warrior watch as ma-gog lift a slender blade . intoning word in some strange tongue , he slice the blade across the teenager 's forehead . the teenager wince but he do not cry out - this be he manhood ceremony . the stable the sound of the crowd be much louder here but still we do not see they . the prisoner from the Eagle 's nest be crowded into the corral . one of the gate be throw open . Three ape guard enter . they push the tribe - people aside and grab a 12 - year old boy . his mother cling to he , scream . one of the guard drag she off and they haul the boy out of the corral . a arena - like a small bullring - in the center of the stable . now we see the crowd - ape , all male , sit in the bleacher . they roar as a door be open and the young tribe - Boy be push into the ring . he look around the arena - yell , scream ape . terror on he face . a even louder roar go up . the Boy turn - the teenage ape step out of a tunnel , the ochre marking on he face like war-paint , the blood barely dry on he forehead . he carry spear and a club . one of the ape throw a couple of capture human weapon down to the Boy . the teenage ape move in on he . he be a warrior now - this be go to be he first kill . in the corral the Boy 's mother be huddle down , be comfort by other tribe - people . a huge roar go up from the arena as the first blow be strike . the sound carry over to - a terrace drak be alone , walk a high ridge . he stop , look down on the twinkle light . the city be virtually desert but drak do not move - he 's uneasy , troubled by something he can not put a name to . the cool and lovely room the five baby ape sit on cot . they watch as Doctor Zora insert a syringe into the smallest ape 's arm . the baby start to cry . Doctor Zora comfort she as she draw out a cup of blood . she turn to she assistant , ben- guri doctor zora be the girl animal ready ? ben-guri they be do it now . inside the laboratory Eve be struggle and cry as a ape guard carry she towards a operate table . he and another guard start to strap she down . the vet work at the bench , heating a steel needle over a flame . it 's the same sort of catheter that be use on will - one end of the needle attach to a long tube . a knock on the door . vet that must be zor with the blood . one of the guard go and unbolt the door . he recoil - it 's will . sswhack ! he fire the first bolt from a double - barrel crossbow . it take the guard in the chest . he and diamond dive into the room . Eve start holler . the second guard be wheeling , crossbow rise . he rifle-butt diamond across the head . her weapon go fly . the guard be aim . will be on the floor , tumble . barely time to aim , on he back , fire overhead , he shoot - whack ! bullseye . the arrow hit the guard dead in the heed . the vet grab the first guard 's fall crossbow . he aim at will . diamond scream a warning but there 's nothing will can do - he 's struggle to reload , one - hand because of he wound . diamond - unarm - scoops the red-hot syringe off the bench . the vet reach for the trigger . diamond leap forward . she drive the syringe into he chest . the vet stand goggle - eye . diamond must have find he heart - a torrent of blood pour down the clear tube . it spill on to the floor . the vet topple forward . slash ! slash ! will cut throughthe strap that tie Eve to the table . outside the hall of learning drak turn a corner of the building . he stop and touch the ground with he finger . he lift it to he mouth and taste it . he rise to he foot , follow trail of blood . a torch be rip from a bracket . it 's drak .. he shine it down into a stone well . the flame split the darkness . float in the water at the bottom of the well be a ape guard - dead , a arrow through he throat . in the arena the tribe - Boy be sprawle in the dust , bleed badly from a rip across he rib . his spear lie next to he , a wooden shield raise across he head . the teenage ape , rain blow down on it with a sword . the ape in the bleacher be cheer wildly . smash ! the shield splinter . the sword slice the Boy 's arm - ape kill ! kill ! kill ! the Boy stare up - the teenage smile and raise he sword . shriek ! the alarm sound . everything freeze . then officer be on they foot , yell order . ape soldier grab they weapon , head for the door . the teenage ape look around , rob of he moment . the Boy see he chance . he raise he spear and drive it deep into the ape 's groin . he stagger and fall - on top of the Boy . the ape pour out of the arena . the siren carry over to - a stone corridor will 's get Eve sling over he shoulder . they be stumbling down a corridor - past other lab and research room . they burst through a sit of door , into - a courtyard at the back of the Hall of learn . it 's deep in shadow . from behind they hear the sound of pound foot . will look around , not sure which way to go . he glance across a terrace - the door to the stable fly open . the ape warrior charge out . will can you ride ? diamond nod she head - yes . he thrust Eve into she hand - will ( cont 'd ) go for the stable . head for the eagle 's nest . I will try to join you there . diamond hesitates - she do not want to leave he . diamond what be you go to do ? will delay they . now go , billie . go ! the primitive elevator rop down the side of the ravine . stand on it be nazgul and about the primitive elevator a dozen praetorian Guards . nazgul look down - torch and fire in drum be lighting up the street and terrace . ape soldier be run everywhere - search . on the ground the flame - thrower roll along a street . the driver 's canopy be hide by flap tarpaulin . in the chaos nobody pay it any attention . on the elevator nazgul see the machine roll towards they . nazgul that 's strange - why do drak need the flame ? suddenly he realizel . he turn , scream up at the ape control the mechanism . nazgul ( cont 'd ) stopl take it backl the flame-thrower dead guard be drape over the side of the machine , blood drip from he headwill be in the cabin , work the control . he see the elevator slow in mid-descent . he throw a lever forward . for a moment , nothing . then - whoosh ! a huge tongue of flame blast out of the barrel . two of the guard be try to climb the rope . nazgul be wheeling around in a panic . the flame hit they ! the whole wooden structure catch fire . we see the ape through the flame , struggle and writhe . the rope burn through . the blaze structure plummet down - the central square smash ! it hit the ground in a shower of blaze timber and dead ape . ape soldier - stand nearby - stare in shock . the smell of roast ape fill the air . eve sit alone she 's on the floor of the stable , deep in shadow . she 's scared , look ahead - the first weak light of dawn shine through the open door . we see a ape guard , key jangling from he waist , on petrol . he hear something - a rock fall , a rustle of movement . raising he weapon , he move towards a pool of black shadow , past a pile of rock , into a alcove . diamond rise out of the rock behind he . he spin - she 's get she cross - bow raise . point-blank range . she nail he . the prisoner be shackle in the corral . they see diamond run out of the shadow towards they . she tossel they the key - diamond Arm yourselves . find will - he need youl she turn and go . the prisoner start to unlock the chain . eve smile as diamond race out of the shadow , sweep she up and keep run . in the arena the teenage ape and the Boy lie where they fall , they spilt blood stain the dust . the Boy 's mother scramble over the desert bleacher and go to she son . she drag off the ape . her son 's eye be close , he arm lacerate , he chest wounded and crust with blood . she stare at he - he do not move . she start to sob . the Boy 's eye flicker open . they look at one another . the mothey gather he into she arm . he 's alive ! he 's alive ! the sound of a horse . the mother turn , fearful . she look across the arena , through a railing - in the corral diamond gallop a stallion through the corral . Eve 's clutching the saddle in front of she - hair fly , she eye sparkling with exhilaration . the stallion gallop faster . the prisoner - unchain the last of they comrade - turn and look . it 's a magnificent sight . diamond be crouch iow over the fly horse . straight ahead - a raile fence , part of the corral . she leap the horse over it . they land . in front - another hurdle . again she do it . the prisoner stare . diamond charge towards the open door of the stable . cloud of smoke and flame the crash elevator hal set the surround building on fire . ape city be burn . the flame stand on a steep incline , its back wedge against the wall of a terrace . whooshl Fire shoot out of its barrel as will keep a horde of ape soldier at bay . the soldier turn - drak , surround by the praetorian Guard , gallop straight towards they . he 'l not stop for anything - the soldier scramble aside . in the cabin will see drak and the guard appear through the swirl cloud of smoke . they look like the horseman of the apocalypse . as will throw the lever we sea a primitive gauge above he head . it 's in the red - in the square whoosh ! the tongue of flame shoot through the smoke . it touch the guard with a deadly kiss , throw they scream from they horse . but drak blast through - in the cabin will be engulf in a backdraft of black oily smoke . he peer through it - drak charge towards he ! will hit the lever again . the flame erupt from the barrel . then it die - out of fuel . will shit ! in the square drak gallop forward . he raise weapon - a shoulder - mount harpoon . he aim - in the cabin will throw himself aside . he smashes both hand down on a lever on the floor . a hiss of steam . the machine lurch forward - in the square drak try to get a clear shot at will . the machine gather speed down the incline , come straight towards drak . he veer he horse aside and wheel around . he charge alongside the cabin - it 's empty on the machine will cling to the outside of the flame as it roar across the smoke- fill square . he 's out of sight of drak - but not for long . the ape and he stallion loom into view behind the machine , will scramble back into the cabin - in the square ape be scatter as the runaway machine fly across the square . drak be at full gallop , veer from one side of the flame to the other . will clamber back and forth - cat and mouse at full tilt . drak swing he horse close to the back of the machine . he stand up in the stirrup , the harpoon clamp to he shoulder - he 's go on board ! the flame fly out of the square and down a street . a ape throw himself into a doorway - just in time , drak steady himself , about to jump . suddenly he horse whinny wildly . drak look ahead - holy shit !. they be head straight for the front of a blaze house . drak throw himself down into the saddle and haul on the rein . will hurl himself back into the cabin , arm shield he head . smash ! the flame crash through the front wall - inside the house the barrel of the flame act like a batter ram - it blast through the wall in a shower of burn timber . it crash through the kitchen and stop in a courtyard . will clamber out of the cabin and drop to the ground . a yell go up - ape be come through the adjoin house . will turn and head down a alleyway . CITY STREET diamond 's horse fly down a street - a high terrace tower on one side , a row of burn building on the other . the road turn right . she swing around it - ape ! a platoon of they right in front of she . she scream at Eve - diamond hold on ! she throw herself aside , pull on the rein . the horse spin in a U -turn , graze past a burn building . diamond gallop back the way she come . crash ! the wall of a burn building in front of she collapse . blaze beam block the road . the horse shy away . diamond wheel he around - the ape race into the road . she look around desperately - she 's trap . she grab Eve and awingl she onto the saddle behind she - she will be safer there . she spur the horse forward and crouch iow in the saddle - she 's go to charge straight through the ape . they drop to one knee - the fire position - and raise they weapon . a dozen crossbowl aim straight at diamond . there 's no way out - she fly towards they . whizzl the sound of arrow . but it 's not the ape - they go down like nine-pin . diamond look up - aragorn have arrive ! backlit by the rise sun , the man and woman of the tribes be pour volley after volley into the ape . nobody fire better than kip 's wife . diamond leap the horse through the dead and die ape and turn down the road . ma-gog stand on a terrace , he cloak blow in the wind , he one cruel eye blaze with anger . flanke by two ape warrior , he look down on the burn building . the freed prisoner be wage a pitch battle outside the stable . ma- gog see will - he 's run along the rooftop , leaping from one building to the next . ma- gog point at he , yell at ape in the street below - ma-gog ( cont 'd ) kill he ! in the name of God , kill himl sswhish ! the blade of a sword cleave through frame . it cut one of the ape warrior from neck to waist . ma- gog spin - it 's aragorn , armed to the tooth , behind they . the second warrior go for he . aragorn have drop the sword . he raise a crossbow and fire . the bolt shatter the ape 's armor and bury itself in he chest . ma- gog swirl aside he cloak . in he good hand he hold a double -edge sword . aragorn drop the crossbow and duck beneath ma-gog 's arcing blow . he lunge with a short - handle spear - aragorn for my people ! it take ma-gog in the gut . his one eye bulge . aragorn rip the spear out - aragorn ( cont 'd ) and this - for my daughterl he drive the spear into the High Priest 's heart . the cruel eye flicker and die . on the rooftop will have see it all . he scream - will behind you ! aragorn - behind ! on the terrace aragorn turn . it 's drak , on horseback , thunder down on he . but the leader of the Seven tribes know no fear - only the memory of he lose child . he raise he second spear and charge straight at drak . the huge ape level the shoulder - mount harpoon . he pull the trigger . sswang ! the powerful spring on the barrel release , the harpoon trail a length of rope behind it - wham ! the harpoon smashes through aragorn 's chest . he die as he fall . on the rooftop will stare in anguish . he turn away - he see diamond . she 's at full gallop - Eve cling to she back - charge along a road several terrace below . she 's get a clear run for the iron bridge and freedom . will look across at drak - he 's see she too ! for a moment the two of they stare at one another . will 's face be draw and haggard from the injury he carry . drak 's lip curl in a sneer - he know he 's go to win . he beat he chest with he fist and spur the stallion over the edge of the terrace , go for diamond . will run as fast as he body will let he - along the rooftop . inside a house a ape mother cower in a corner , she two child clutch to she , the sound of battle all around . she look up in terror - smash ! will 's foot blast through the roof . he land on the floor , crossbow raise - but not st she . frame in the front doorway be a ape warrior on horseback . wham ! will shoot he and run for the horse . diamond and Eve fly down char street . they head towards a large open square . outside the stable smoke and dust swirl through the air . the freed prisoner be fight ape infantry . drak race past the battle . the rope from the harpoon be tie around the saddle , drag aragorn 's body through the dust . he look ahead - diamond gallop across the square . drak whip he horse forward - a curve road on a high terrace . Flying around a corner - will ! his coat be billow , the horse 's mane stream in the wind . he hit the straight - away and gallop even faster . he look down on the road below - diamond be ahead but drak be gain on she . will plunge into a tunnelhewn out of rock . on the road Eve cling tight to diamond 's waist . the little girl look back - drak be thunder behind they , pennant snap in the wind , armor glint on the horse 's chest . it 's a awesome sight . drak have the rein in he tooth . he 's use both hand to reload the harpoon . diamond see the bridge dead ahead . heavily armed ape have barricade it . she curse and yank the bridle . the horse sweep around a island in the center of the road - a huge monument to some dead ape . she gallop back the way she come , almost pass drak . he charge round the island . out of the tunnel come will . he look down to the lower road - diamond and drak be come back towards he ! he turn the horse around - back into the tunnel . whooshl he fly out the other end , into daylight . he look over he shoulder - he 's in front of they but thirty foot too high . he dig he heel into the horse 's flank - over a iow wall they fly . God know where it go - down a rocky sude into a dead - end cul - de- sac just above the roadway . apesi two of they be guard the claw and the bell . will fire from the shoulder - he drop the first ape . the second ape aim at he . will raise another crossbow . they fire almost simultaneously . will throw himself aside , out of the saddle . the horse rear and bolt . will look up from the dirt - the ape have will 's arrow embed in he chest . he fall forward - dead . will scramble to a parapet and look down on the road just below . diamond and Eve - cling to the horse for dear life - race towards he . will grab a crossbow and struggle to reload . he can not - it take the strength of both arm to cock it , on the road diamond 's horse be lather in sweat , almost blow . Eve look over she shoulder , she eye wide with fear - drak be close behind , gain at every step . in the cul -de - sac will leap from the ball on to the claw . on the road drak swing the harpoon on to he shoulder . he sight down the barrel . Eve see the weapon lock on to they back . she scream a warning et diamond - eve billie ! diamond leap the horse over a char wagon abandon on the road . drak lose she in he sight . he follow she over the wagon . on the claw will be in the driver 's seat . he throw a lever - nothing happen . he try another - the long jib that supportl the two iron jews swing towards the road . drak aim the harpoon . he 's get Eve end diamond , one behind the other , in he sight . drak a bargain - two for the price of onel on the claw will spin a small steering wheel . on the road drak be close behind diamond . the harpoon 's massive spring be coiled . drak 's finger curl around the trigger , about to fire . suddenly he scream - drop right in front , come straight towards he , be the open jaw of the claw . will jerk back another lever - will keep you hand off she , you dirty ape . the jaw lock clean around drak 's waist , pluck he off the saddle and lift he up into the air . he 's still get the harpoon . he see will at the control . he swing the barrel round - will hit a switch . wrong one - nothing happen . drak 's get he in he sight . his finger find the trigger - will throw another switch . the jaw start to close ! drak try to pull the trigger - he can not , he body be twist . the jaw be crush he ! he muster all of he strength and try to fire . he and will look straight at one another . a beat . drsk 's finger start to slide off the trigger - in the square ape stare up at they warrior lord , clamp in the clew . he let out a blood curdle scream . the bottom half of he torso - everything from the waist down - fall towards the ground . maybe it 's just the wind , but the leg still seem to be kick . the ape reel beck in horror . with mighty battle cry , the tribe - people - the prisoner end aregom 'l follower - hurl themselves forward , attack . the ape break end start to run . on the road diamond end Eve have dismounted . diamond stumble forward - will be come towards she . she hold out she arm and they embrace . neither one say a word , they just hold each other tight . cloud of smoke almost obscure the set sun . will and diamond stand on the iron bridge watch the tribe - people . they have harness horse to rope tie around the statue on the avenue of idol - one after another the stone monolith come crash down . diamond if nothing else , we help the tribe take back they valley . will we valley , too billia . she look at he - question . will ( cont 'd ) there 's one thing I never tell you - I never work out how to get back . she smile at he . diamond a small point . but give I some credit . I be a scientist - I know that . will ( in wonder ) but you come anyway . diamond that be love . will for the baby ? she shake she head . diamond for the both of you . they stare into each other 's eye . they kiss . diamond ( cont 'd ) I only have one regret . we will never know if we succeed . will of course we will . you be pregnant - if the baby 's bear alive , we will know it work . sunlight glisten on the ocean the surf roll in on a golden beach . at the water 's edge , a line of footprint . we follow they to find will on top of a rocky cliff . he 's building something out of iron and rock and sand but we can not make out what it be . diamond ( o.s. ) willl he turn and run to the mouth of a large cave . inside the cave diamond lie on she back on a pile of animal skin . her belly be expose , heaw with the unborn child . Eve crouch next to she , try to help . will it 's start ? she nod she head then grimace with pain as another contraction start . the SUN be setting on the sea from inside the cave , we hear diamond scream . in the cave will kneel between diamond 's leg . her face , glisten with sweat ; be a mask of pain . she holdl Eve 's hind tight and push . will , half hide by she upraise leg , deliver the child . diamond raise herself up - try to see she child . neither she nor we can see it 's face . we push in on will . ha raise he hand and slap the baby 's rump . no sound . ha raise he hand again - suddenly the baby start to cry . now we see the baby - a perfect little boy . Eve laugh . diamond smile . tear fill she eye . she and will look at one another . he come towards she and tenderly place the baby in she arm . the cave will and Eve help diamond . she come out of the cave , still hold the baby . it 's magic hour - they stand on a rock ledge , look at the ocean wash with color from the set sun . we see what will be building . it 's sort of like a sculpture - just the head and crown of the statue of Liberty . diamond smile . she look at he , wonder why - will it 's to make sure we never forget where we come from . the baby start to cry . will put one arm each around diamond and Eve . we pull back from they - high up into the star . the baby 's cry carry over . we see earth rise . in all this nothingness - life .