" reunion " by Ashley Scott meyer wga # 660627 5038 Laurel Canyon Blvd . # 105 draft North Hollywood , CA 91607 April 1997 ( 818 ) 752 - 0189 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library " reunion " fade in : ext . newman house - dusk the one story ranch house sit surround by other middle - class abode . a sedan pull into the driveway and the driver , tom newman , get out and walk into the house . close - invitation a simple invitation read : " ST . mary high school welcome the class of ' 87 for they 10 year class reunion . " int . kitchen the kitchen appear neat and clean but nothing fancy . rose -marie newman ( rose ) sit at the kitchen table look at the invitation . Rose , twenty - eight year old , italian - Catholic , wear a drab business suit . the off screen sound of the front door close and Tom enter . tom you ready ? rose I be wait for you . Tom 's a accountant and look like it . int . house - bedroom - night Rose stand in front of the mirror modeling a pair of jeans . rose I want to go to the beach , too . you think you could call Sarah and tell she I be sick ? Tom stand by the closet , in he boxer short , put he slack carefully on a hanger . he 's still wear he shirt and tie . tom yeah , what do you want I to say ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : rose that woman will believe anything . just tell she I have the flu . Rose stare at herself in the mirror . rose ( cont 'd ) do this jeans make I look fat ? tom no . rose yes , they do . tom no , they do not . you look great . Tom kiss Rose on the forehead . int . guest room - night Rose and Tom prepare the bed for they guest . tom I be really look forward to this weekend . rose yeah well , it 's just go to be a big headache for I . tom no it 's not . rose you know , you could have just tell he to stay at a hotel . it 's not like he can not afford it . tom it 's go to be fun . rose that 's Jacob talk , not you . you have get to stop let people put word in you mouth . Rose snap the sheet into place and move to prepare the rest of the bedding . tom I know , but -- ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : rose -- sure , it 's fun for he , but I be the one that get stick do all the work . tom I know . rose -- it 's a lot of work get the house ready for guest . cook and clean and I have to go shopping ... tom -- I know . rose -- and then when they all leave I have to wash all the sheet and clean up after everyone . Tom move to Rose and kiss she on the forehead . tom I know , and I love you for it . rose no , you do not . tom yes , I do . Rose move away from Tom and start for the exit . rose if Elizabeth do not come he 's sleep on the couch and Hannah 's sleep in here . tom no , he say Elizabeth be come . rose she be ? int . patio - night the patio be sparsely furnish , use mostly for storage . Rose cover a small sofa with a sheet and some blanket . Tom pull a pillow case onto a pillow . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : rose if Neil do not like sleep out here he can go stay at a hotel . I be not put Hannah out here . I tell she she could stay with we before I know Neil be come . tom do not worry , he will love it . rose what do Neil do ? do he work ? tom I be not sure . Jacob do not say . rose do he ever finish college ? tom I be not sure about that either . Rose roll she eye as she tuck the final corner of bedding into the sofa . int . live room - night Rose vacuum . int . kitchen Tom enter , pull a full bag of garbage out of the trash can , and exit to the patio . int . patio as Tom exit outside with the garbage . ext . house - night Tom drag the trash can to the street and go back inside . int . bedroom - night Tom and Rose lie in bed . rose do not you think it would be more fun to go to Essex Canyon then the beach ? tom yeah , sure . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : rose it 's too cold this time of year to go to the beach . tom that 's a good point . rose maybe we can all go to church on Sunday . tom yeah , that would be fun . silence . darkness . rose Tom ? rose ( cont 'd ) yeah ? rose ( cont 'd ) do you think I be a bitch ? tom no , of course not . I love you . Tom kiss Rose . rose I mean , I do not want you to think I hate all you friend . tom I do not . rose I do not hate Neil , he 's just such a ... loser . and if Jacob be not such a self - center , egomaniac ... tom yeah , but there 's something about the guy you just get to like . rose I do not have the vaguest idea what that might be . he 's just so full of himself . he need to get a life . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : ( 2 ) tom he 's get a life . rose who know , maybe he 's grow up a little since we last see he . tom probably not . Rose move toward Tom . rose Tom ? tom yeah ? rose I be ovulate tonight . Tom smile and Rose kiss Tom and move on top of he and they make love and ... Tom climax and ... Rose roll off he . rose ( cont 'd ) do he say what time he would be get here ? tom who ? rose Jacob ... and Elizabeth . tom I do not know , they be fly and they get to rent a car and stuff . I guess around noon . Tom 's eye wander shut . rose what time be Neil get here ? tom ( start to fall asleep ) who know . Rose stare at the ceiling , finally say : ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : ( 3 ) rose Tom ? tom ( drift off ) hum ? rose I be glad we stay in bowie . I would not want to live in New York even if you be go to make twice as much money as Jacob . I mean , be not you glad we stay ? tom yeah , of course . rose New York be no place to raise a family . and people in big cite be so cold and ... hard . you can not trust them with a dime . ( and ) I guess I just kind of like it here . tom ( asleep ) I ... too . ext . house - night the house sit in the darkness . ext . road - dawn a lone cyclist ride along the road : neil ziske . his thin , muscular leg effortlessly propel the bicycle forward . Neil ( 29 ) look a few year young than either Tom or Rose . wind blow through he short black hair . ext . road as Neil pedal past the " welcome to bowie : population sign . ext . bowie - STREET Neil continue , and the landscape become increasingly urban . he turn onto Main Street . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library ext . MAIN STREET he keep riding . he 's alone . it 's still early . ext . sadler' hardware store - MAIN STREET as Neil ride up in front of the store and stop . he get off he bike ... walk to the front window ... stare in for a moment ... return to he bike and pedal away ... ext . bowie - MAIN STREET as Neil turn off into a neighborhood . ext . neighborhood Neil slowly pedal through the neighborhood . he turn into the Newman driveway . int . bedroom - dawn Rose and Tom sleep . a knock , knock , knock can be hear off screen . Rose and Tom still sleep . more knocking and Tom start to wake up and Rose , too . they look at each other . rose / tom Neil ! ext . porch - dawn Tom open the door and look out but Neil 's not there . neil ( 0.s. ) hey - man , what 's up ? Neil sit on the front lawn stretch out . Tom see he . tom Neil ... what be you do ? neil I be stretch out - man , try to keep the lactose acid from building up . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : tom but it 's six o'clock in the morning . neil I know , I have be riding all night . Neil grab he bag and bound into the house . neil ( cont ’d ) I think I find the new way to get here from San Francisco . int . kitchen - day Rose prepare a pot of coffee . Neil and Tom enter . neil hey , Rose . rose hello Neil . neil it 's good to see you . rose how have you be ? neil good ... Neil hug Rose . she reluctantly hug he back . rose I have get to get ready . show Neil where he 's stay . Rose exit . Neil grab a banana as they exit the kitchen . neil you guy get any Kiwi fruit ? to replace the selenium I lose ? tom sorry , I just eat the last one before you get here . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 10 . int . patio as Tom and Neil enter . tom I hope this be alright . it 's just ... we already tell Hannah she could stay , so this be the only place leave . neil no need to apologize , man . this be great . just give I a couple of blanket and I will be fine . Neil survey the patio as he chomp on he banana . he throw he bag onto the sofa . close - a woman' watch read : 11:00 a.m. rose ( 0.s ) she should have be here by now . int . live room - day as Rose look at she watch , pace back and forth . she 's dress now . Tom sit on the couch . rose I wonder if -- but the off screen sound of a car silence Rose . she dart for the front door . ext . house - day a tan ' 67 volvo station wagon pull into the driveway . the driver , hannah johnson , get out of the car and ... the front door swing open and Rose run down the step toward the driveway and ... Hannah see Rose approach and she arm open up and they share a huge hug . hannah bear ! rose Pan ! ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 11 . continued : and they be laugh now as they hug . rose ( cont 'd ) I can not believe it ! Rose step back to get a better look at Hannah . Rose look at you ... Hannah 's long , blonde hair glow and she clean face shine without any make -up . her " artsy " clothes hang off she body , conceal what could potentially be a very attractive figure . hannah what , you do not like it ? rose no , it 's not that , it 's just ... it 's different . hannah I tell you I would change . Tom approach from the porch . rose I know I - I just do not quite envision it like this . hannah you do not like it . Hannah smile , and when she smile she whole face light up . rose no I like it ... really . and they share another terrific hug . int . live room - day as Rose and Hannah enter . rose you be on the couch . Neil 's stay out there . hannah Neil ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 12 . continued : rose you remember ... Jacob 's basketball friend ? Tom enter carry Hannah 's bag and a guitar . hannah oh , yeah . int . patio - day Neil sit in a wicker chair read . Hannah poke she head into the patio , say : hannah I guess we be go to be neighbor . Neil look up from he read and immediately recognize Hannah . neil hey , Hannah . hannah you actually ... remember I ? neil what be you crazy ? of course . fifth period . Mr. Morton 's lit class . Neil and Hannah laugh as they speak together : neil / hannah " Sin be a demon crouching at the door . it shall be eager for you , and you will be master by it , but you must master it . " and they continue to laugh as Rose enter . rose what be that ? hannah it be Mr. Morton . he make we memorize that quote for every test . rose why ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 13 . continued : hannah it 's a long story . Hannah look at Neil , he nod . rose come on , I want to give you the tour . neil see you later , Hannah . Hannah turn back and smile at Neil as she disappear into the house . Tom slowly enter . tom so ... what be you read ? Neil hold the book up . it 's a bible . neil it 's the word of God , man . int . kitchen Rose and Hannah enter . rose ( point to the counter ) we be go to have all this redone this summer . hannah be Jacob stay here , too ? rose unfortunately . Rose move further into the kitchen . Hannah follow . hannah why do not you tell I ? rose what 's to tell ? you know Tom be he best friend . where else would he be stay ? Rose move to the window . rose ( cont 'd ) we be go to have a bay window put in over here . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 14 . continued : hannah forget the bay window ! what about Jacob ? rose what about he ? he 's marry . and he 's still a jerk . hannah but it 's " Jacob Barrett . " remember ? rose you can not possibly still have a crush on he ? hannah I - I do not know . I really have not think much about he until - until just now . you never think about he ? rose the think of that egotistical , self -center ... asshole make my blood boil . I do not even want he to stay here . hannah really ? rose -- really . hannah you never tell Tom about you and -- horrify , Rose move closer to Hannah to make sure no one be listen . rose ( interrupt ) -- no , and I be not go to . God , it 's embarrassing it ever happen . it be such a mistake . hannah maybe you be lucky you get he out of you system ... " bear . " rose ( half mad , half laugh ) do not call I that . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 15 . continued : ( 2 ) they both start laugh . int . patio - day Neil and Tom sit in the patio furniture . Tom glance at he watch . tom do jacob say what time he be go to be here ? neil no . Tom nod and they sit in silence and Neil start to read the bible . tom so what have you be up to ? neil serve the Lord , man . tom do the lord pay you bill ? neil he can . but I have be ridding a rickshaw around San Francisco . tom -- one of that bike with a carriage behind it ? neil -- yeah . tom do you like it ? neil yeah , it 's a pretty good set up , for the most part . I just try and stay on top of the manager to keep the bike maintain . Tom glance at this watch . int . kitchen - day Rose and Hannah be seat at the kitchen table drink coffee . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 16 . continued : rose I hate -- no , I do not hate , I feel sorry for she . she be such a wonderful person . hannah what 's she like ? rose I wish you know she . it 's just so hard work for someone like she . but enough about I . tell I about you . be you see anyone ? hannah .-.- I be dating . rose I be glad I get that day out of the way in high school . be it anything serious ? hannah no ... not really . rose be that what you want ? hannah yeah , right now I think it be . I be just concentrate on my music . rose you be so good . you be go to be the next Tori amo . Hannah blushes . hannah I finally feel like I be choose music , instead of it choose I , you know ? I always feel like I retreat to my guitar because I be alone or - or do not have a boyfriend . but now , I have get " boyfriend " and - and I have still get my guitar , too . rose you be go to find someone and you be go to be so happy . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 17 . continued : ( 2 ) hannah maybe . they sip they coffee . hannah ( cont 'd ) it look like you be really happy here . rose I be - I mean we be . hannah you guy think about start a family ? rose yeah , we both want to have lot of child . I think I be pregnant last month but it be just a false alarm . Tom 's sperm count be a little low . the doctor say it 's nothing to worry about , we just get to keep try . hannah that could be fun . int . car - day jacob barret drive . his wife , elizabeth sit in the passenger seat . elizabeth I just hate the way you act when you be around they . of course she 's beautiful , she 's the former homecome queen : fake blonde hair , a thick coat of make - up cover she face , and the best clothes that money can buy . jacob quit you complain . it will be good for we to be out of the city for a while ... let we unwind a little ... relax . Jacob may not be as beautiful as Elizabeth , but what he lack in beauty he make up for in pure ego . elizabeth I do not see why we could not just stay at a hotel . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 18 . continued : jacob because I say so , okay ? Elizabeth pull out a cigarette and light it . elizabeth you just want to fuck Rose again . jacob shut the fuck up . if I want to get laid , I could get laid , just like in high school , no matter what hotel we stay in . Elizabeth suck on she cigarette . elizabeth and what , you do not think I could ? Jacob glare at Elizabeth . ext . house - STREET - day as Jacob 's deluxe hertz rental car pull into the driveway . int . car Jacob stare at Elizabeth . Jacob hit the horn . honk ! and the second that Tom appear on the porch Jacob wipe the scowl off he face and replace it with a warm , almost sincere smile . ext . house Tom move toward the driveway . Neil appear on the porch follow by Hannah and Rose . Jacob get out of the car and yell : jacob shit , you do not tell I you live in a mansion ! Tom get to Jacob and they shake hand . Jacob 's superior size become quite obvious stand next to Tom . jacob ( cont 'd ) this you place ? Tom nod . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 19 . continued : jacob ( cont 'd ) shit , it 's great . tom yeah , we like it . jacob fuck , yeah . and now Neil arrive at the car . jacob ( cont 'd ) Neil , you fuck jock . neil what 's up , man ? Jacob slap Neil on the back and they share a hug . neil ( cont ’d ) hey Elizabeth . how 's it go ? Elizabeth be still in the car smoking she cigarette . she smile at Neil - - sort of . Jacob throw he arm around Neil and Tom , and lead they toward the house . at the porch the " boy " move into the house , pass Rose and Hannah . jacob hello rosemarie . rose -- Jacob . jacob thanks for put we up . it 's go to be a fuck blast . rose where else would you stay ? you remember Hannah ? Hannah step forward and extend she hand and Jacob shake she hand but he do not remember she . jacob yeah ... of course . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 20 . continued : hannah fifth period English ... Mr. Morton ? " Sin be a demon ... crouching ... at the door . " Jacob stare blankly at Hannah . jacob you sit ... over by the window ? hannah Close . I sit near the door , right next to you . jacob -- oh ? hannah pimple ... and glass ... and brace ? Jacob laugh a little and look at the other , not sure if she 's serious or not . jacob I be sorry , I mean , I be surprised I don 't -- hannah ( interrupt ) -- it 's alright . there 's not much to remember . rose do not worry , you will remember . Tom , take he in and show he he room . Rose push Tom forward . rose ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) you be stay in the guest room . tom come on . the " boy " go into the house . Elizabeth struggle with several suit case as she climb the porch step . she smile as she pass Rose , a cigarette dangle out of she mouth . Hannah hold the door open . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 21 . continued : ( 2 ) rose please do not smoke in the house . Elizabeth ignore Rose and continue into the house . rose ( cont 'd ) ( under she breathe ) bitch . int . guest bedroom Tom and Jacob enter . they toss a few bag on the bed . jacob so be we go to the beach , or be we go to the beach ? tom I guess we be ... go to the beach ! ext . beach - day Neil pull he shirt off as he run toward the water . Jacob and Tom be right behind he , kick they shoe and shirt aside . Neil do not stop , he dive straight into the water . Jacob follow , diving after Neil , into the ocean . but Tom stop at the edge and poke he foot into the cold seawater . Neil and Jacob frolic in the water for a moment until Jacob see Tom at the edge . jacob come on in , you fuck wimp . Jacob kick water at Tom and it 's cold and Tom cower back . jacob ( cont 'd ) whoooo ! it 's fuck freezing ! I love it ! ext . parking lot / beach Hannah and Rose carry a few beach item toward the water ; lawn chair , a basket , towel , a few blanket . and in the background Elizabeth walk away from they , further down the beach . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 22 . continued : rose if you want to go to Essex Canyon you should have say something . hannah it do not matter to I . rose it 's just that it 's too cold for the beach . about half way to the water , they stop and spread one of the blanket out over the sand . Jacob and Neil run up and grab for a few towel and start drying themselves off . hannah how be it ? tom it 's cold . rose I tell you . jacob it 's good for you , wake you up . let 's you know you be alive . rose I do not need to jump into cold water to know I be alive . ext . beach - later everyone be loung on the blanket and lawn chair and drink beer which they pull out of a cooler . two exception , however : Neil drink bottled water not beer and Elizabeth be absent . jacob so can you play that thing or do you just carry it around for show ? rose yeah , go get you guitar and play for we . you be so talented . hannah no ... I will later . Jacob stand up and extend he hand to Hannah . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 23 . continued : jacob come on girl ! ext . beach - parking lot Hannah and Jacob walk toward the volvo . jacob so you be a musician ? hannah yeah ... well , aspire musician really . I teach music , to pay the bill . jacob what kind of music do you play ? hannah I do not know , it 's kind of like a folk - rock sort of thing . jacob oh . I love folk music . hannah yeah ? who do you like ? jacob well , you know ... there 's just so many great one . who 's you favorite ? hannah I have lot of favorite . jacob -- if you have to pick one . Hannah stop , think for a moment . hannah David wilcox come to mind . his music be so introspective . it really speak to I , you know ? they start walk again . jacob oh ... yeah . it 's food for the soul . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 24 . continued : hannah yeah ... you listen to David wilcox ? jacob yeah , sure . hannah what 's you favorite album ? pornografiti ? they arrive at the volvo . jacob well , yeah , that 's certainly one of they . hannah he do not have a album call pronograffiti . Hannah unlock the door and Jacob pull the guitar out of the car . Hannah move to take the guitar from Jacob but Jacob will not let go . jacob you want to go for a ride , or something ? this surprise Hannah and they be stand awkwardly close to one another . hannah right now ? jacob yeah . hannah I do not know ... I mean -- I want to , but -- but what about everyone else ? jacob fuck'em . Jacob look at he beer can and polish off the last few drop . jacob ( cont 'd ) we will tell them we go to get more beer . I be sure we need it . Hannah look back toward the beach and then at Jacob and then back at the beach ... ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 25 . continued : ( 2 ) and here come Rose , walk toward they from the beach and Hannah look at Jacob and then back at Rose and then ... rose ( call ) what 's take you guy ? hannah ( stare at Jacob ) we be come right now . and Jacob stare right back at she . ext . beach Hannah pull here guitar out and begin to tune it . jacob where be everyone on a great day like this ? tom everyone 's work . rose where 's Elizabeth ? everyone look at each other . no one know . hannah maybe someone should go see if they can find she . jacob oh , she 's alright . neil I be go to go for a jog , anyway . I will see if she 's up this way . jacob do not you want to hear Hannah play ? neil of course , man . I will hear she when I get back . maybe Elizabeth want to hear she , too . jacob I doubt it . Neil get up and jog away . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 26 . continued : rose Tom , walk down the other way and see if you see she . jacob you do not have to do that . she 's alright . rose Tom ! jacob do not go . she 's my wife . rose well then be you go to go ? jacob no . and Tom 's not either . rose ( to Tom ) Tom , you be the one that want to go to the beach . Tom look at Jacob and then at Rose . tom it 's alright , I will just be a minute . Tom get up and walk away in the opposite direction that Neil go . jacob so be you go to play we a song or do you just bring that thing for show and tell ? Hannah start to strum a few chord . ext . beach - seclude area Hannah 's music continue . Elizabeth lie on she back , on a towel , sunbathing , wear only a bikini . she 's find a secluded spot surround by rock . Tom emerge from the rock . the sun beat down on he . he squint and hold he hand up to he face to block the harsh sun as he yell : ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 27 . continued : tom hey ... Elizabeth . Elizabeth look up expose she breast . Tom notice . tom ( cont 'd ) we be all ... wonder ... about you . Elizabeth lie back down , unconcern . elizabeth let them wonder . Tom move closer to Elizabeth , look back the way he come . tom well ... then , I guess I be go to go back , since you be alright and everything . Tom stand nervously for a moment look at Elizabeth . elizabeth do not go . tom what ? elizabeth I say " do not go . " Tom stand , wait . Elizabeth still lie on she stomach , motionless . the wave crash against the rock and seagull soar overhead . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) Tom . sit down . Tom look around to see if anyone be watch . he sit down next to Elizabeth . ext . beach Hannah start to sing a passionate song about unquenched love . ext . beach - seclude area and Hannah 's song continue as ... Tom stare at Elizabeth , who be still lie face down with she eye close . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 28 . continued : elizabeth be you nervous , Tom ? tom ( cough ) no , why - why would I be nervous ? elizabeth do you fantasize about I , Tom ? tom ugh ... what do you mean ? elizabeth do you want to make love to I ? Tom swallow hard and freeze . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) well do you ? tom y-y . elizabeth -- what ? tom ( louder ) -- yes . Tom watch as Elizabeth roll over and sit up ... Elizabeth stare into Tom 's eye and ... lean forward and kiss Tom and ... Tom start to kiss she back ... ext . beach Hannah continue to sing . Jacob and Rose enjoy listen . ext . beach - seclude area Hannah 's song continue ... Elizabeth pull on Tom 's shirt and Tom raise he arm so she can pull it off and ... she push Tom down on the sand and ... pull swim trunk down and climb on top of he ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 29 . ext . beach as Hannah continue to sing and Jacob and Rose continue to listen . ext . beach the music continue as Neil run along the beach . ext . beach - seclude area as Elizabeth and Tom make love and ... the wave crash against the rock and ... seagull hover overhead and ... Hannah 's song climax and slowly fade out . ext . beach Hannah set she guitar down and Jacob and Rose clap . ext . beach - seclude area Elizabeth roll off of Tom , pull out a cigarette and light it . Tom pull he swim trunk on as he stand , and he trip as he try to grab he shirt . but then he 's up again and he scurries off between the rock . elizabeth Tom , where be you go ? but Tom 's go . ext . beach - day Tom stumble back to the group . jacob do you find she ? tom y-yeah , she 's over there . rose what take you so long ? tom I do not know , she do not want to come ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 30 . continued : Tom sit down and reach for a beer and pop it open and take a long drink . rose you be go that long and you could not even get she to come ? Tom nod and take another long swig from he beer . ext . beach - dusk a pile of beer can sit in the middle of the blanket . everyone sit around ( except , of course , Elizabeth ) . jacob talk about great marketing , there must have be fifty different flavor . there be bubbelicious and bubble yum and hubba bubba and bazooka ... rose yeah , with that cheesy little comic ... everyone laugh . hannah yeah , but hubba bubba be the best -- neil -- Cause it would not stick to you face . jacob -- and it be the easiest to pick off the bottom of the desk when you get detention . rose I never get detention . tom I remember pick limburg cheese out of walsh 's rug . Jacob , Neil , and Tom share a laugh . jacob now that be a great idea . rose oh , it be so stupid . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 31 . continued : neil yeah , if I and Tom have not get catch . rose -- and suspend . jacob hey , if you guy have do what you be suppose to , you would have get away . like I . hannah what happen ? rose you remember . hannah no , I do not . neil I and Tom go into sister Susan 's office -- jacob ( cut in ) -- while I be in Mr. walsh 's office . neil ( continue ) -- and try to put limburg cheese into she desk . hannah limburg cheese ? jacob yeah , it work great . after about two day it stink to high hell . tom remember that bear rug Mr. walsh have in he office ? hannah of course . jacob well , I put the cheese under it and it be fuck reek by Monday . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 32 . continued : ( 2 ) Jacob laugh . neil -- and since they catch I and Tom try to put it into sister Susan 's office on Friday -- rose -- they figure Neil and Tom have be the one that put it in walsh 's office , too . hannah a logical assumption . jacob and they obviously could not tell them it be I . tom -- so we have to come in and clean it up during we two day suspension . neil it be not that bad . at least we get out of class . rose ( to Hannah ) I tell you it be stupid . tom ( to Hannah ) remember ... she break up with I right after it happen . hannah oh , I do remember . that be night of we junior prom ? Tom reach for another beer . neil -- yeah . Hannah look at Rose and smile . rose ( to Tom ) serve you right , how could you do something so stupid ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 33 . continued : ( 3 ) hannah that be so funny . rose no it 's not . do not encourage they . and Elizabeth approach , go straight to Jacob . everyone look at she . elizabeth give I the key . I be go to wait in the car . jacob why do not you hang out ? everyone 's have a great time . Elizabeth stare at Jacob , silent . jacob ( cont 'd ) shit . take the fuck key . Jacob throw the key up . Elizabeth catch they and walk away . rose it 's get late . maybe we should all be get back . the raucous sound of laughter off screen ... int . house - live room - night Rose sashays across the live room to the delight of everyone . she wear blue knee sock , a white shirt , and a plaid , Catholic school girl skirt . hannah God ! that be so gross . the laughter continue . hannah ( cont 'd ) I can not believe I wear that thing for twelve year . neil we have a uniform , too . hannah Big deal , grey pants and a tie . Hannah and Neil sit on the couch look at a yearbook . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 34 . continued : jacob I use to think that skirt be sexy . Jacob lie on the floor . rose yeah , when you guy would pull them up . Rose flash she skirt up as she settles into a chair . she 's still wear she bathing suit underneath . everyone laugh . hannah ( imitate a man 's voice ) that will be " double trouble " detention for you young lady . and this make everyone laugh even harder . jacob who be that ? hannah that be Mr. Morton . jacob that 's right , I remember that guy . he be a fuck weird -o . hannah remember he make we memorize that quote , " Sin be a demon crouching at the door . it shall ... " Neil join in : neil / hannah --. be eager for you and you will be master by it , but you must master it . Jacob shake he head " no . " hannah how could you forget it , he make we write it on every test ? jacob where 's it from ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 35 . continued : ( 2 ) neil it 's scripture . Genesis , chapter verse 16 . hannah no , but steinbeck use it in East of eden . that 's why we be study it . jacob all 's I remember be that he be off he fuck rocker . what ever happen to he ? rose he get fire . hannah why ? rose he sleep with a student . jacob that old guy have a sex drive ? rose apparently . it be a little boy , too . hannah he be gay ? jacob -- like you do not know that ? hannah -- and how do you know ? jacob just by look at he . the guy have a little sugar in he tank . rose I think he be both , ' cause he make a pass at I once . hannah no , he do not . rose yes , he do , you do not know . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 36 . continued : ( 3 ) jacob what would he do ? rose he try to get I to come over to he house , on the weekend . jacob do you go ? rose no ! Tom enter with more beer and another pizza . jacob hey , Tom , do you know Mr. Morton try to fuck you wife ? Tom set the pizza and beer down on the coffee table . tom oh , yeah . I never have he class . Tom sit down at Rose 's foot , beer in hand . neil hey , man , I like Mr. Morton . remember he use to ride he bike to school ? rose even in the rain . Hannah flip through the yearbook . hannah what ever happen to Sean o'leary ? tom I see he the other day , he 's work over at dalt , as a manager . jacob what the hell do they sell at dalt ? neil it 's a sport goods store . they get them in San Francisco . Hannah keep look through the yearbook . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 37 . continued : ( 4 ) jacob what a jerk - off of a job . for what , probably twenty thousand ? hannah what happen to she ? Hannah hold up the yearbook . hannah ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) she be so smart . tom ( squinting ) Sara Maguire ? rose -- she be fat . tom -- I do not know . everyone shake they head . Hannah point to another picture in the yearbook , say : hannah remember he ? he 's in L.A. , too . he 's try to be a screenwriter . tom Mark Murphy ? Hannah nod . jacob have he write anything ? hannah I think he just write this really low budget " T and a " movie . ( look back at the yearbook ) it 's hard , it take time to break in . there 's a bunch of people from we class in L.A. try to be actor and stuff . jacob how many ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 38 . continued : ( 5 ) tom I think there 's like six just from we class . hannah ( to Rose ) hey , " bear , " pass I a beer . neil why do you call she " bear ? " Rose give Hannah a annoyed look as she slap the beer into Hannah 's hand . hannah sorry . tom it 's a pet name . Rose call she " Pan . " jacob what the fuck do it mean ? tom I do not know and they be never go to tell you . I think I figure out what " bear " mean though . Tom 's a little drunk . Rose glance at Hannah , horrify . tom ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) her mom tell I she use to collect stuff bear when she be a kid . Said she would never leave the house without one . everyone laugh . tom ( cont 'd ) no , I be serious . rose ( relieved ) no , that 's not it . flip to another page of the yearbook Neil say ; neil hey ... what ever happen to she , jody o'brien ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : ( 6 ) Jacob slap Neil on the leg . jacob good question . rose she 's dead . the room become silent . hannah wow . that 's too bad . jacob shit . what happen ? overdose ? rose no . she be shot . jacob drug ? rose 39 . that 's what everyone think but no one 's really sure . she be shot in the parking lot at State at two - o'clock in the morning . I be sure it be drug related . neil let 's pray for she . no one move . neil ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) come on . Neil grab Hannah 's hand and reach across for Tom 's . everyone reluctantly hold hand and close they eye . Hannah 's eye stay open , however , as she watch each person pray with Neil . neil ( cont ’d ) dear Lord , I hope that jody be up there with you , and I hope that you can help all the people that be close to she . and man , I just hope she have time to be save , ' cause I know deep down she be a great girl . amen . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 40 . continued : ( 7 ) everyone amen . a awkward silence until ... Tom reach for a another beer and say : tom so be Wall Street as crazy as everyone say it be ? jacob no ... it 's ten time worse . you get to work about a hundred hour a week . and the pressure be ... intense . one fuck - up and you be out , man . there 's ten guy just wait to take you job . Neil continue to look at the yearbook . rose then why do you stay ? jacob because I love it . I be addict to it . the pressure make I feel alive . the ten guy wait to take my job keep I sharp . bring the fucker on . I make more money in a year then my dad make he whole life . rose be the money really worth it ? jacob oh , get off that horseshit . I would do it for free , but that 's beside the point , ' cause I love the money . when that asshole hit my mother , I get my lawyer on them and fuck bury them . you think I would have get any justice if I be not rich ? rose maybe . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 41 . continued : ( 8 ) jacob no fuck way . hey , you friend Hannah over there , you think she do not care about make a million buck ? rose no . she 's a artist . jacob yeah , and a good artist be like a good athlete , pampere and overpaid . rose you would not understand . hannah no , wait Rose , I will admit it , I want to make a lot of money , but only if I be do something I really love . jacob yeah , well , I love the " deal . " Rose shake she head , annoyed . hannah well then ... I guess it 's okay . it 's just - it 's not for I . I be not go to work a nine to five job like my parent . neil yeah , I neither . I kind of like be poor . it 's the kind of thing that I be go to be able to look back on for strength . hannah but we get to be more careful then that , we get to make sure that what we be do be a conscious decision , so that we be not just waste time . neil it be , I totally choose my lifestyle . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 42 . continued : ( 9 ) hannah we be make decision that have consequence , whether we realize it or not . Doors have already close , we be really too old to start at the bottom in a lot of job . neil you be never too old . hannah you know what I be say . we be already too old to take a job that pay like ... twenty grand even if someone would hire we over a 22 year old fresh out of school . jacob that 's why I go to Wall Street right out of college . hannah and that 's the thing , you be make choice , too . jacob I just love what I do too much to do anything else . hannah then that 's the great success . and you be go to be able to go to the reunion on Saturday without any regret . jacob fuck yeah . hannah I just want to make sure that when I be lie on my death bed I do not have any regret , you know ? int . kitchen - night Rose clean a few plate at the sink and hand they to Hannah , who put they into the dishwasher . hannah do you know what I would have do in high school just to so much as get he to say " hi " to I ? ( more ) ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 43 . continued : hannah ( cont 'd ) and now he practically ask I to sleep with he . rose you think you will do it ? hannah I do not know ... I think we would have do it if you have not come along . rose sorry . hannah no , it 's okay , I be glad , it will give I some time to think about it ... I feel like I be in High School again . and I do not know if I like it . rose what a scumb bag . I guess be marry do not mean a damn thing to a hot shot Wall Street businessman . hannah we have always know he be not monogamous . rose that be different . this be one of the ten commandment . he 's marry now . hannah I guess I be not even think about Elizabeth . rose yeah , well , you should . you know it 's not go to mean anything . he just want some sex . hannah yeah , I know ... but I be not sure I even care . it 's almost like if I have sex with he I could somehow redeem my high school year , and put it all behind I , you know ? I be so alone . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 44 , continued : ( 2 ) Tom enter , silencing the woman immediately . tom what be you guy talk about ? rose just , girl stuff . take the garbage out . Tom stuff another empty pizza box into a trash bag and exit out the backdoor . rose ( cont 'd ) what be you go to do ? hannah I do not know . I do not even know if he will try anything again . I be kind of rude to he , it be just so sudden . Tom re-enter as Hannah shuffles out into the live room . rose do you know what you marry friend do ? tom Jacob ? rose what , he do not tell you ? Tom shake he head , " no . " rose ( cont 'd ) he make a pass at Hannah . tom he do ? be you sure ? rose yes , I be sure . and if he do it again I be throw he out , you hear I ? out . I will not have that kind of stuff go on in my house . he 's marry for God 's sake . Rose exit into the live room . Tom stand alone . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 45 . int . live room - night as Rose enter . rose I be go to bed jacob yeah ... I guess I better be hit the sack , too . Jacob still lie on the floor . by now he 's put down about a dozen beer . Rose exit . Jacob slowly get up and stagger after she . Hannah start to prepare the couch for sleep . int . kitchen Tom open the refrigerator ... pull out a beer ... pop it open ... sit down at the table ... drink . int . bedroom Rose enter ... move to the bed ... take off she Catholic school girl " uniform . " through the partially open door , Jacob watch . she strip off she bathing suit ... move to the closet ... pull a bathrobe out and wrap it around she body . she exit the bedroom , into the hallway . Jacob 's already go . int . guest bedroom - night Elizabeth be already asleep . Jacob take off he clothes and jump in next to she . he move close to she and kiss she . elizabeth get the fuck away from I . she roll away from he , asleep . int . bathroom Rose turn the shower on and slide the bathrobe off ... the door open and Jacob step in . Rose be completely naked . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 46 . continued : rose what the -- hell do you think you be do ? jacob I could not let this moment get away ... Jacob move to Rose and kiss she . jacob ( cont 'd ) .-. without even try . Rose push Jacob and turn away from he . he move behind she and kiss she again . rose get away from I . jacob do not tell I you forget that night we spend in walsh 's office ? Rose shake she head , " no . " rose I say , get away from I ! jacob I will if you want I to but you have get to tell I . Jacob do not move and ... Rose turn and face he and ... thrust she lip into he . rose oh , God ... int . guest bedroom - night Elizabeth roll over and see that Jacob be go . her eye move into the hallway . int . hallway - night Elizabeth exit the guest bedroom ... move to the bathroom door ... place she ear to the door ... hear sound of Jacob and Rose make - love . she slowly , quietly open the door ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 47 . int . bathroom - night as Jacob and Rose make love . from the slightly crack door , Elizabeth 's eye tear into they . the door slowly close and ... Jacob and Rose continue to pound away . frantically . hard . int . guest bedroom - night Elizabeth enter , get into bed and go back to sleep . int . bathroom as Jacob and Rose , sweat and panting , start to slow down . rose I never forget ... I never forget . Jacob pull away , silent . int . hallway the bathroom door slowly open and Jacob slip out and move quickly back into the guest bedroom . int . guest bedroom Jacob jump into bed next to the sleep Elizabeth . int . bathroom Rose stand in the shower in ecstacy , the water cascade off she body . int . kitchen Tom sit at the table drink he beer . int . patio - night Neil sit in a chair , read . Hannah appear at the door . Neil 's oblivious . Hannah knock on the wood . neil oh , hey Hannah . hannah I guess I will see you in the morning ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 48 . continued : neil yeah , I guess so . hannah it 's to bad about you friend jody . neil yeah , I just hope she have time to be save . hannah yeah , I too . Hannah turn to leave . neil you know , you should really think about accept Jesus Christ as you savior . hannah I do not think so . Hannah hover in the doorway . hannah ( cont 'd ) do you really want to talk about this ? neil of course . I love to talk about the Lord . hannah -- because it really interest I and I have spend a lot of time think about it . Hannah move into the patio and sit down across from Neil . hannah ( cont 'd ) you know how you have spend the last few year read the bible ? neil yeah . hannah well , I have spend the last few year read nietzsche and hemingway ... Shaw , Zola , and ... Freud -- ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 49 . continued : ( 2 ) neil -- and steinbeck . hannah and steinbeck . Neil lean back in the wicker chair . it creak . hannah ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) and they be all atheist , basically try to answer the same question as the bible , only without god. and now Neil lean forward and speak : neil first off , you get to be careful with that stuff . that guy be smart , but be they smart enough to come up with all that idea on they own ? hannah yeah ? neil I be just say , the devil have a interest in people believe that guy . sure , they come up with the idea , but with whose help ? hannah but it 's not about God or the Devil . neil but if you do not believe in the devil , you do not believe in God either . so satan win . hannah it 's not really about God or the devil ... or good and evil ... it 's about free will . neil look , I read East of eden , it 's a fascinating novel , it 's brilliant in place , but look at steinbeck . he be marry like six time . he be a alcoholic . ( more ) ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 50 . continued : ( 3 ) neil ( cont 'd ) he be not a happy man . and look at hemingway . the snow of kilimanjaro be a great little story , but he be not happy either . he end up shoot himself in the head . hannah and nietzsche end up die of syphilis that he contract from a prostitute . neil exactly . hannah but they be all moral people , with strict code of conduct . Tom appear in the doorway . neil come on in and join we . tom no ... I get to go to bed . Tom remain in the doorway . hannah ( start up again ) look at the way you view everything , like earlier when we be talk about get a " real " job . I mean , you be over here talk about how no one 's ever too old and about all the strength that be poor be go to give you when you be older . neil it be , I be tell you . hannah maybe it be , but it 's like I be over here make list of job I be too old to take , and - and what I be go to tell my parent , and try to make sure I never look back at the experience with regret . with I it 's all very think out and ... and concrete . ( more ) ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 51 . continued : ( 4 ) hannah ( cont 'd ) and that 's the thing , you be over here , really vague and that 's what God be . maybe he do exist , he just be not real ... and if he do exist he create I so I could not believe in he . neil you see , though , you be not sure . hannah no , I be not sure , and that 's ' cause I be so concrete . no one can ever be sure and if you be , it 's only because you be not as concrete as I be . Neil smile at Hannah . hannah ( cont 'd ) you be still really search and I think you will find he love . it 's a great feel when you have a personal relationship with Jesus Christ . I just hope there 's time . Hannah shake she head . hannah ( cont 'd ) if God do exist , and I face he , and he condemn I , I will spit in he face and I will go to hell gladly . how can he condemn a person that 's moral ? neil ' Cause you reject he word , he teach . Jesus die for we on the cross , and if you do not accept the Lord as you saviour , man , that 's like say , " I do not care that you die for I on the cross . I do not care that you sacrifice you life for I . " and Hannah he love you , and he want to get to know you better . you just get to want to know he , too . hannah well , then I be go to hell . and I will not be sorry , ' cause I make the best choice I could . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 52 . continued : ( 5 ) neil do you want to accept Jesus Christ as you saviour ? right now ? Tom disappear back into the house . hannah you do not understand ... I can not . neil come on and pray with I right now . Hannah shake she head . neil ( cont ’d ) come on . if there 's no God , how can it hurt ? hannah «+. alright . neil all you get to do be ask he to make himself know to you , and he will , ' cause he love you . take my hand . Neil reach out to Hannah and she take he hand . Neil close he eye , and Hannah do , too , and they begin to pray . neil ( cont ’d ) God , I be here with Hannah , and she 's search , man , and she need you , and I would just ask you Lord , to make yourself know to she , because I know you and I know how important you love be . thank you Lord . amen . hannah amen . Neil open he eye and release Hannah 's hand . neil I would not be surprised if you find the Lord before the weekend 's over . int . bedroom Rose lie in bed , asleep . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 53 . continued : tom Rose ? Rose continue to sleep . tom ( cont 'd ) Rose ? rose go to sleep . tom Rose ... I get to talk to you about Elizabeth . rose she 's alright , I think she just feel like a third wheel . tom but - but it 's not that . rose go to sleep . Rose turn away from Tom . Tom stare at the ceiling . int . patio Hannah and Neil continue they dialogue . hannah it 's hard , just to say it , " I do not believe in God . " like my mother might overhear I and yell at I or something . it 's a hard thing to do after 12 year of Catholic school . neil you know , I do not even go to the Catholic church anymore . I do not need a fancy expensive church to worship the Lord . all I need be a bible . maybe you should try that , just to get back to the word of the Lord . hannah no ... ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 54 . continued : neil there 's a lot of love in my church . they be all really normal people . hannah we be not go to change we opinion . neil you do not think so ? hannah «+. no. neil I do not know , man , I have see people go through some pretty intense change with the Lord . hannah no one ever change . neil there be this one girl in we church , when she come to we she be really mess up -- Hannah stand up . hannah ( interrupt ) goodnight , Neil . neil goodnight , Hannah . Hannah exit and Neil go back to read the bible . ext . house the live room light go off leave the house in total darkness . and the darkness turn into day ... int . bedroom - day Tom roll around in bed , hopelessly awake . Rose sleep soundly next to he . int . guest bedroom Jacob and Elizabeth sleep . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 55 . int . live room Hannah softly play she guitar and sing . hannah ( sing ) Jacob , Jacob where be you ? can not you see that I be all through ? int . patio Neil sit in the wicker chair read the bible . int . bedroom as Rose slowly wake up . she turn to Tom . rose what time be ? tom eight-thirty . Rose sit up in bed . rose God , I have not sleep this late in a long time . ( look at Tom ) what 's wrong ? tom I feel awful . rose you should not have drunk so much . Rose jump out of bed . the off screen sound of a basketball hit pavement and sneaker squeaking . ext . park - basketball court - day as Neil slam dunk the basketball on Jacob . jacob Fucking pussy . Jacob grab the ball and toss it to Neil . Neil clear the ball . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 56 . continued : neil you should not have drunk all that beer yesterday . get to keep you mind and body in good health . jacob just play . neil come on , man , I be tell you . Tom stand on the sideline watch . Neil maneuver in toward the basket , Jacob guard he but Neil fake right and go for a easy layup . Jacob grab the ball again , and throw it to Neil , hard . jacob fuck this shit . and Neil go around Jacob again but Jacob slam into he and Neil miss the layup and Jacob steal the ball and shoot from the outside . the basketball sail through the hoop . neil what be that , man ? jacob that 's the fuck Wall Street move , undercut he . Jacob walk back to mid-court with the ball . int . kitchen Rose sit at the kitchen table look out the window . Hannah enter . rose oh ... good morning . Hannah stop and look at Rose . hannah what be you so happy about ? rose nothing . just enjoy a little time alone . it 's be such a hectic weekend . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 57 . continued : hannah and the reunion be not even until tomorrow . Hannah help herself to the pot of coffee . hannah ( cont 'd ) I have quite a interesting chat with Neil last night . he 's a lot different than I think . rose what do you mean ? hannah I do not know , it 's not really that he 's any smarter then I think , but he 's just ... he 's deeper . rose Neil ? hannah yeah . he 's a lot different than he be in high school . rose I think they have both change . hannah Jacob ? rose yeah . this surprise Hannah but then Elizabeth enter . rose ( cont 'd ) good morning . elizabeth I be go shopping . I will be back later . rose well ... have a good time . Elizabeth stare at Rose and then turn to leave . but before she 's out the door she turn back and say : elizabeth oh , " bear ? " how be you shower last night ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 58 . continued : ( 2 ) Rose turn red in the face . rose «+. good . Elizabeth continue to stare at Rose and a smile cross she face and she exit . hannah what be that about ? rose I - I do not know . hannah so she know about ... " bear ? " ext . park - basketball court - day Neil stand at mid-court , dribble the ball . Jacob stand in front of he , try to guard he . Jacob lean forward , stagger from exhaustion . sweat pour off he face . Neil cut right , go back leave and Jacob trip and fall and do not get up . Neil make the easy layup . neil that 's it , 21 to 3 . you want to play again ? Jacob lie on the pavement , exhaust , look up at Neil . ext . park Jacob drop to the ground , gasp for breath . Tom sit next to he . jacob I need a fuck oxygen tank . sitting behind a desk all day be not cut it . Neil shoot basket in the background . Jacob start to catch he breath . jacob ( cont 'd ) you get any more beer ? Tom reach into the cooler and pull out a beer for Jacob . Jacob pop it open and take a deep drink . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 59 . continued : tom do you make a pass a Hannah ? jacob can not trust a bitch to gossip , can you ? Tom pull out a beer for himself and start drink . jacob ( cont 'd ) Elizabeth cheat on I all the time . tom but you be marry . jacob so what ? everyone do it , it do not mean anything . I do not love Elizabeth any less . tom so you do ? jacob -- do what ? tom -- Love Elizabeth ? jacob fuck yeah . she 's my best friend . hey , you think of ... get a little action on the side ? tom no , nothing like that . jacob come on Tom , you can tell I . Tom take a huge gulp from he beer . jacob ( cont 'd ) who be it ? you get some little hussie secretary down at work ? tom no , no . jacob you should do it , man . you think Rose would not ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 60 . continued : ( 2 ) tom no . I know she would not . she 's never be with anyone else . jacob alright , whatever you say . tom she wold never cheat on I ... that 's why I be ... not go to cheat on she . Neil call from the basketball court . neil come on . I will take you both on . two on one . jacob fuck you , you Jesus jock . Jacob take a long swig from he beer . jacob ( cont 'd ) you ever wish you have go to New York with I ? tom no . Jacob sit up and look at Tom . jacob you could have , you know ? tom I know . jacob I could still use a good accountant . someone I can trust for a change . tom you think I be good ? jacob no , but one out of two be not bad . Tom laugh . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 61 . continued : ( 3 ) jacob ( cont 'd ) I do not know how much you be make now , but I could probably pay you twice as much . Tom consider this for a moment . tom I do not think so . we be think of start a family and - and New York 's no place for that . people in big city be cold and hard . you can not trust they with a ten foot pole . jacob a ten foot pole ? ext . basketball court - later Tom stand on the basketball court listen to Neil . neil ( show he ) shoot with you right hand . use you leave hand to balance the ball . Neil shoot the ball . it glide through the hoop . he retrieve the ball and throw it to Tom . Tom awkwardly shoot the ball and miss , bad . neil ( cont 'd ) that 's good , man . it just take a little practice . Jacob lie on the sideline watch . ext . park Tom , Neil , and Jacob walk toward the parking lot . jacob maybe we should get some cheese ? limburg cheese . Jacob look at Tom and Neil with a slight smile . neil not I , man . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 62 . continued : jacob come on , it will be fuck hysterical . they will know it be we , but we will be out of here by Monday when it start reek . neil let 's go for a bike ride or a hike instead . jacob pussy . ( to Tom ) what about you ? tom yeah , sure . jacob Neil , you be go to wimp out ? neil sorry , man . I can not do it . Neil toss Jacob the basketball as he jump into the car . ext . house - day as Tom pull into the driveway . they get out of the car carry grocery ; include a bag of charcoal . jacob you wait till the 20th reunion . I be go to be retire and work out with a personal trainer everyday . hey , maybe I will even hire you as my trainer . neil I hope it happen , man . ext . house - backyard - day Tom dump charcoal and lighter fluid into a grill , and light it up . Hannah start to strum a few cord . hannah it 's not very polished ... ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 63 . continued : everyone sit around drink beer . except of course Neil , who 's drink he bottled water , and Elizabeth , who 's not there . hannah ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) I write it this morning . Hannah start to sing a comedic folk song about the " limburg cheese incident . " and it 's hysterical and Hannah keep sing and people be laugh . int . kitchen Rose prepare hamburger at the counter . Tom enter , look around , make sure they be alone . tom Rose ? Rose turn . rose oh , Tom , would you take the potato salad out of the refrigerator . Tom go to the refrigerator , grab the potato salad , and move to Rose with it . tom Rose I - I really get to talk to you . rose well , go ahead . she hand he the tray of hamburger . rose ( cont 'd ) would you put this on the grill first ? tom no , Rose I get to talk to you , now . rose Tom , we have guest . we will talk later . Hannah poke she head into the kitchen . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 64 . continued : hannah hey , you want to see the dress I bring for the reunion ? Tom sigh . rose yeah , show I . Rose rush out with Hannah . Tom carry the hamburger out to the grill . ext . backyard - day Neil sit in a lawn chair eat a extra-large hamburger . neil it 's the ultimate question face man . " Sin be a demon crouching at the door . it shall be eager for you , and you will be master by it , but you must master it . " Hannah sit on the ground , eat and drink . hannah but it 's not about good and evil . there 's no such thing ! neil what be you talk about ? " Sin be a demon crouching at the door . " when be the last time you read the story of cain and able ? Rose exit the house . hannah I do not know ... High school . rose oh , no . not Morton again . Rose get some food and sit down next to Hannah . tom anybody want another one ? Tom stand in the background flipping burger at the grill . jacob no , but you get any cheese for this one ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 65 . continued : Jacob grin at Tom . Tom shake he head , " no . neil ( to Hannah ) you should really read the bible , so you could understand what I be talk about . hannah when be the last time you read East of eden ? High school ? Neil do not answer . hannah ( cont 'd ) I be just say , that 's not why Morton have we memorize it . jacob I just think it 's open to interpretation . certainly God be good , so on the one hand it 's definitely about good and evil . hannah Morton do not care about God . he be a atheist rose how do you know that ? hannah I talk to he about it . he take that quote from steinbeck 's East of eden . neil and steinbeck take it from the bible . hannah steinbeck find several different translation of that one verse in Genesis . and he find a discrepancy in the final part of the verse , " you will be master by it , but you must master it . " tom what do it say ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 66 . continued : ( 2 ) hannah one translation say , " thou shalt rule over he . " which be a promise from God , that man shall rule over evil . neil difference in translation do not change the meaning . hannah but there be a difference . rose let she finish . hannah he find another translation that say , " do thou rule over he . " and that 's a order from God , for man to rule over evil . neither one really give anyone any choice , you see ? so steinbeck go back to the original hebrew and find one word ... tom one word ? jacob what be it ? hannah timshel ... and it mean , " thou mayest . " and this be very different , it 's not a order or a promise , it 's a choice , and it 's we choice . we may ... but we also may not . it 's a offer of free will , and it 's about individual responsibility and the invention of consciousness . and that 's what Morton be talk about . he be try to tell we that we have a choice , and not just between good and evil , but with everything . Tom repeat the word back to himself : tom timshel ... ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 67 . continued : ( 3 ) rose well , I guess we know what he choice be . jacob so you be a atheist ? hannah ++. yeah . rose no , you be not . hannah what ? it 's not a bad word . it do not mean I be not moral . some of the brightest most moral people in the world be atheist . neil we be just worried about you , Hannah . Hannah get up and move toward the house . hannah what ? everyone stare at she . hannah ( cont 'd ) I just have to go to the bathroom . I will be right back . ext . hallway - night the off screen sound of a toilet flush and ... Hannah exit the bathroom . Jacob 's behind she and he wrap he arm around she . jacob I mean what I say yesterday . Hannah pull away a little . hannah you know you be marry ? Jacob grab Hannah 's hand and pull she into the guest bedroom . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 68 . continued : jacob my wife fuck around , too . hannah that do not make it -- Jacob silence she with another kiss and Hannah start to kiss he back . Jacob lock the door and pull Hannah over to the bed . hannah ( cont 'd ) I do not know if this be such -- jacob ( interrupt ) -- shhhh ... -+. as they start to kiss . ext . house - night Elizabeth pull into the driveway . carry a few package , she get out of the car and go inside . int . guest bedroom Jacob and Hannah make - out on the bed . Hannah look stiff and a little awkward . but not Jacob . ext . backyard Elizabeth exit the house . neil hey , Elizabeth . do you have a good time shopping ? Elizabeth look at Neil ... then at Tom ... then at Rose ... then she go back into the house . int . live room as Elizabeth walk through . int . guest bedroom Jacob run he hand over Hannah 's shirt and start to unbutton it . hannah I do not know about this , everyone be right down -- ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 69 . continued : jacob ( interrupt ) shhh ... and Jacob kiss she again but now she pull away and ... the door knob shake , a little at first , but it start to shake more and Jacob and Hannah see it . jacob ( cont 'd ) oh shit ! int . hallway as Elizabeth raise she foot and smashes it into the door and ... the door fly open and she storm in ... int . guest bedroom as Elizabeth enter . jacob Jesus Elizabeth , what be you do ? Jacob 's lie on the bed , alone . no sign of Hannah . elizabeth where be she ? jacob where 's who ? everyone 's out in the backyard . Elizabeth move to the closet , open it ... elizabeth -- not everybody . it 's empty . she stare at Jacob , scan the room . she move to Jacob , kneel down and look under the bed ... no one 's there , either . she slowly rise to she foot . jacob Jesus , Elizabeth . I be just try to take a quick nap , that 's all . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 70 . continued : Elizabeth get she package from the hallway and set they down by the bed and exit . Jacob go to the window and pull up the shade . Hannah be sit outside . ext . backyard - night everyone eat dessert . rose no - no - no , wait . what show be this from ? Rose stand up and swivel she hip and arm and spin around several time . hannah it 's " wonder woman ! " everyone laugh . elizabeth no wait . this be " wonder woman . " all eye turn to Elizabeth as she stand up and set she dessert down and start to spin around , and after a revolution , while still spin , Elizabeth reach up and throw she hair piece off , and she hair fall down and out , just like Linda Carter in " wonder woman . " everyone applaud and laugh . rose no , but there be more of a slow start . you do not start right . and the laughter start to slow down as Elizabeth sit back down . elizabeth everyone ready for the reunion ? and everyone nod and agree . rose I be go to bed ... ( look at Jacob ) after I take a shower . hannah but it 's only nine o'clock . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 71 . continued : rose I know . I be tired . we have get a long day tomorrow , remember ? Rose pick up a few dish and go inside . int . bedroom Rose watch as Jacob climb the stair and go into the guest bedroom . she peel off she clothes ... grab the bathrobe ... exit quickly to the bathroom . int . bathroom Rose turn the shower on and put she ear to the wall , listen for any sign of Jacob . the sound of run water continue . nothing else . int . guest bedroom - night Jacob slowly take off he clothes . a knock at the door and Rose 's voice : rose ( 0.s. ) Jacob ? and Jacob dive into bed , pretend he 's asleep . the door slowly open and Rose enter . rose ( cont 'd ) Jacob , wake up , I be get into the shower ... Jacob ? Jacob continue to lie in bed , feign sleep . Rose look back out the door and nervously exit . the door close and Jacob breath a sigh of relief . ext . porch - night Elizabeth sit at the base of the porch smoking a cigarette , stare off into the street . Hannah exit the house and see Elizabeth . hannah can I bum a cigarette from you ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 72 . continued : Elizabeth turn and look at Hannah . then , after a moment , she pull out she pack of cigarettes and offer one to Hannah . Hannah take it and put it in she mouth and Elizabeth light it with she own , light cigarette . but then Elizabeth turn back toward the street . Hannah play with the cigarette in she finger . hannah ( cont 'd ) so ... do you get a lot of nice thing shopping ? elizabeth not really . hannah oh ... well ... what would you get ? a dress for tomorrow ? elizabeth no . I bring my dress . Hannah puff on she cigarette , still look at Elizabeth 's back . hannah it must be really exciting live in " the Big Apple . " elizabeth it 's fine . Hannah take a long drag on she cigarette , try again : hannah you be not have a very good time here , be you ? elizabeth not really . hannah well at least people will remember you . Elizabeth turn toward Hannah , say : elizabeth remember what ? how many guy I fuck . hannah hey , at least it 's something . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 73 . continued : ( 2 ) Elizabeth turn away from Hannah again . hannah ( cont 'd ) -- so be to true that New yorker be the rudest people in the world ? I mean , I be just wonder if you be always this rude or if it be New York that make you such a bitch . elizabeth let 's just say New York help I realize my potential . hannah you know , you get a hell of nerve . you come in here and be completely asocial to everyone . you get what all the rest of we dream about . you get nothing to complain about . elizabeth I be not complain . hannah you should be so happy . and now Elizabeth turn back to face Hannah , and talk venomously : elizabeth happy ? you think we be happy ? we be fuck rich , that do not mean we be happy . Hannah look at Elizabeth with some real surprise . hannah but ... Jacob be so successful . he 's everything people think he would be , and more . Elizabeth shake she head . elizabeth he 's everything and less . hannah then , why do you keep do it ? elizabeth how can we quit ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 74 . continued : ( 3 ) hannah I do not -- elizabeth ( interrupt ) -- I know I would not be happy be poor . Elizabeth turn away from Hannah , lose interest again . they sit in silence for a moment and Hannah do not really know what to say . so finally she start to go inside . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) I guess it 's just easier this way . Hannah hear she and go inside . ext . backyard Tom and Neil clean-up . neil see that 's what she 's miss . I worry about she because she 's my friend . tom you think she 's go to hell ? neil yeah . unless she make some change . tom I see you point but - but she 's a moral person . neil it do not matter , man . it 's the Lord . it 's all in the bible . Tom crack another beer and sink into a lawn chair . neil ( cont ’d ) why be you drink so much ? tom I do not know . I just feel like be a little drunk . neil something bother you ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 75 . continued : tom no , it 's the weekend . time to cut loose . I be live for the weekend . Tom stand up , declare : tom ( cont 'd ) I better get to bed . I be tired . Tom pick up the garbage bag and move toward the garage , where the trash can rest . neil if you want to talk more about the Lord , I be here . Tom turn to he and nod and keep go . Neil go inside . ext . porch Elizabeth get up and walk around the house toward the backyard . ext . house as Elizabeth make she way toward the back . ext . backyard Elizabeth arrive at the backdoor and go into the patio . int . patio Neil sit in the small wicker couch , read the bible . neil hey , Elizabeth . how 's it go ? elizabeth Fine . Elizabeth take a seat next to Neil . neil how be you shopping ? elizabeth it be really , really good , Neil . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 76 . continued : neil oh ... well good . Elizabeth lean back and stare at Neil for a moment . elizabeth so you be live in ... neil -- San Francisco . elizabeth do you like it ? neil yeah , there 's a lot of good people down there . elizabeth be you dating anyone , Neil ? Elizabeth move closer to Neil . neil actually , yeah , there 's this girl . I be just not sure about she . I get to see if she think the same way I do . she wear a cross around she neck , but I do not know , man , I think it might just be for show . ext . backyard Tom approach the backdoor but he stop when he hear Elizabeth 's voice . elizabeth ( 0.s. ) do not you ever get lonely , peddle , night after night ? int . patio same scene ; Elizabeth sit next to Neil . neil Lonely ? no . I read a lot and stay pretty busy with my church . there 's always work to do . and now Elizabeth move even closer to Neil . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 77 . continued : elizabeth that sound ... swell , but the Lord can not take care of ... all you need , can he ? neil yes - yes he can . elizabeth no , I do not think so . and Elizabeth drop she hand onto Neil 's leg . Neil move away , stand up and say without hesitation : neil no , I can not . and it 's not ' cause I do not want to , ' cause believe I , I do , but -- but the vow of marriage be sacred . you do not want to mess that up . elizabeth fuck you , Neil . Elizabeth pull out a cigarette and light it . ext . patio Tom listen to Neil and a slight smile cross he face . neil ( 0.s. ) -- I love you and Jacob too much . we all have temptation in we life , and by resisting they we can get closer to God and - and this make we stronger . int . patio Elizabeth stare hatefully at Neil , smoking she cigarette . elizabeth Neil , where do you get this shit ? neil it 's all in here . ( hold the bible up ) you just get to take the time to read it . Elizabeth start to move toward the door . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 78 . continued : elizabeth if you ever breathe a word of this to anyone , I will tell Jacob you tired to rape I . neil man , I be not go to tell anyone . this be between you and -- Elizabeth slam the door as she exit into the house . Neil 's head drop . int . live room Hannah softly play she guitar . Elizabeth storm past . Neil enter , follow Elizabeth . neil Elizabeth ! but Elizabeth 's go . Neil give Hannah a smile of resignation , almost embarrassment , and go back out to the patio . and then Tom enter through the front door and also move quickly toward the stair . hannah good night , Tom . Tom look at Hannah , smile but say nothing . he continue up the stair . int . bedroom - night Light pour in from the hallway as Tom enter . Rose be already in bed but wide awake . Tom take off he clothes and climb into bed . rose what take you so long ? tom Elizabeth just make a pass at Neil . Rose do not turn toward Tom . rose she do ? do they ... do it ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 79 . continued : tom no , that 's the thing , he reject she , can you believe that ? rose yeah , of course . who would want to have sex with that bitch ? ugh , she 's disgusting . tom only the whole class of ' 87 . rose no they would not . maybe in high school but not anymore . tom come on Rose , you get to give Neil a little credit . rose Tom , he 's a loser , spout off that religious shit like he 's so much better than we . he 's not even Catholic anymore . tom but it 's not shit to he . Rose turn toward Tom and look he square in the face . rose Tom , what 's get into you ? tom nothing I - I just like Neil . be there anything wrong with that ? rose yes . tom what ? rose I do not care . you can like Neil if you want . Rose roll back over . rose ( cont 'd ) what be it you be go to tell I this afternoon ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 80 . continued : ( 2 ) Tom stop and think . tom I be not sure . rose well if you remember , do not wake I up , ' cause I get to get some sleep . int . patio - night Neil stand in the middle of the room irone a pair of pants . Hannah appear in the doorway wear a revealing night gown . hannah I be impressed . can you cook , too ? Neil turn around , startle . he notice Hannah 's attire . neil yeah . hey , Hannah . Hannah enter , sit down across from Neil , on the couch / bed . Neil continue to iron he pants . hannah I be so glad I get a chance to spend some time with you , Neil . you have really surprised I . neil me. why ? hannah I always wonder what would happen to guy like you . I guess I just figure you would be wash up after high school . I guess I want to believe it . I guess I have to ... ' cause I be just so miserable . Neil stop irone and sit down next to Hannah . hannah ( cont 'd ) that 's the only way I make it ; think you guy be so immature or - or not as smart as I be or ... or somehow not as deep . like there be a correlation between be unpopular in high school and be successful later in life . like the two somehow go together . ( more ) ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 81 . continued : hannah ( cont ’d ) I have to cling to that ' cause I be so unpopular . neil you be not unpopular . hannah no , maybe not unpopular , but I be just such a nothing . no one even know who I be . neil I remember you . hannah yeah , and that be the first surprise . but Jacob do not remember I . and that 's the thing , he 's pretty much what I think , you know ? he 's successful and all , I mean we all know he would be , but - but he have not really change . neil Jacob be ... Jacob . hannah that 's why it 's so good to see you , and see that you actually have some substance in you life . not that this mean I agree with anything you believe in , ' cause I do not , but ... but I do respect the hell out of you . Neil smile and hug Hannah and Hannah inhale deeply . neil thanks Hannah . but then Neil get up and go back to he irone and a sad smile cross Hannah 's face . neil ( cont ’d ) yeah , I do not know what I expect of you , I guess you have amaze I , too . I always think you would be really successful . I remember , I think you be really smart . Hannah quietly walk back into the live room . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 82 . continued : ( 2 ) neil ( cont ’d ) ( continue ) I still think the Lord might touch you this weekend . you better just watch -- Neil turn around and see Hannah 's go . neil ( cont ’d ) Hannah ? ext . house - night the live room light go out , leave the house in complete darkness . int . live room - night Hannah lie on the couch , asleep . in the darkness a figure appear , move toward Hannah . the figure kneel down next to Hannah and kiss she on the lip and she start to wake up . it 's Jacob . she smile when she see he in front of she . Jacob kiss she again and she kiss he back but then she sit up and move away . hannah no , I be not go to do this . jacob you be not go to do what ? Jacob sit next to she and try to kiss she again but this time she turn away . hannah I be not go to do this . jacob come on . we have get to . just to see if it will work . you be all I think about since I get here ... day ... and night . Jacob move in to kiss she and try to cup one of she breast but Hannah move further away . she smile , almost laugh . and this stop Jacob . jacob ( cont 'd ) what ? what 's so funny ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 83 . continued : hannah if you have so much as say " hi " to I in high school , I would have be ecstatic for a year . jacob come on . give I a break . I be try to say " hi " now . hannah God . this be surreal . I never think I would get this chance . and I be say " no . " I can , you know ? I never think I would be able to . but I can . jacob Hannah , listen , this be just something we need . we will figure it out later . let 's just enjoy the moment . and again Jacob move toward Hannah and Hannah move further away . hannah it 's incredible , ' cause it 's the only way I would have ever really know . now Jacob 's grow a little agitate at Hannah 's stalling . jacob known what ? hannah I think I could somehow redeem my high school year by sleep with you . but it do not . High school be High school . it 's over . jacob what the fuck be you talk about ? hannah I be sorry that you be the one that get catch in the middle of this . but can not you at least see what 's happen , and be happy for I ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 84 . continued : ( 2 ) jacob I be really try . but I be just not see it . Hannah cover Jacob 's hand with she own and squeeze . hannah if I be to say " yes , " it would make the last ten year of my life a complete waste . it 's not about go back and try to fix it , ' cause you can not , it 's about accept it and move forward . and now Jacob 's pull away . hannah ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) I be over you and I can finally put high school behind I . it 's not about you , you know ? jacob then what 's it about ? hannah it 's about I , and who I be . and now ... I be just not interested . I do not know if I could have say " no " even two day ago or ... or two minute ago . but I can now , and it feel so good . jacob hey , it 's no big shit to I , I be just talk about a roll in the hay . Jacob stand up . hannah I be so sorry . it 's not you . jacob Jesus ! Fucking tease . Jacob storm out . int . hallway - night Jacob come up the stair and go to the bedroom door . he quietly open the door . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 85 . continued : he peer in at Rose , who 's stare back at he . Rose look at Tom . Tom 's asleep . Rose cautiously climb out of bed and exit . int . bathroom as Jacob and Rose enter and immediately grab for each other ... claw ... pull each other 's clothes off ... kissing ... and finally make love . int . bedroom - day Morning sunlight filter in through the window . Tom lie in bed . Rose be go . Tom wake up . int . kitchen - day Tom enter wear a bathrobe , still wiping the sleep out of he eye . Neil stand at the stove cooking egg and bacon , a few piece of toast in the toaster . Neil wear sweat and bound around the kitchen full of energy . neil good morning . want some breakfast ? tom yeah . that would be great , thank you . Tom sit down at the kitchen table . tom ( cont 'd ) where 's Rose ? neil she and Hannah go shopping . I think she say she need a new dress for tonight . tom she need a new dress ? Neil set the food on the table and they begin to eat . close on watch : 1:00 p.m. tom ( 0.s ) ( cont 'd ) what time do they say they would be back ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 86 . int . kitchen - later as Tom look at he watch . Tom , dress now , sit at the kitchen table . neil do not say . I guess when they find what they be look for . Neil stretch out on the floor . Tom get up , cross to the refrigerator , pull out a beer . neil ( cont ’d ) it 's a little early to be drink , be not it ? tom yeah , I guess it be . Tom set the beer back into the refrigerator and sit back down . Neil continue to stretch . finally , Tom say : tom ( cont 'd ) you go out on a date with Elizabeth , do not you ? neil yeah , but it be before Jacob date she . tom what happen ? neil we have a really great time . she 's a great girl , but we be not mean to be together . tom do you have sex with she ? neil no way , man . we just go out on one date . tom oh. ( and ) do you ever fantasize about she ? ( more ) ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 87 . continued : tom ( cont 'd ) ' Cause I mean she be the homecome queen , every guy in we class would have do anything just to spend one night with she . Neil look up at Tom , a little curious . neil sure . she 's a really attractive woman . tom but you do not ... want to fuck she ? Neil look at Tom , surprised . tom ( cont 'd ) I see you . last night . turn she down . neil I wonder where you go . tom I just can not believe you do not want to have sex with she . Neil stand up and move to the table with Tom . neil let I tell you , man , I want to . sex be great . when I get marry , I will probably be spend 60 % of my time in the bedroom . but outside of marriage , it just do not work . God create sex to remain in marriage . look what 's happen to all the gay people . I be not say that God create aids to kill they , but it 's just like " look , nothing good come out of sex when it 's not in marriage . " tom you do not have sex anymore ? neil no way , man . look , in college I do not care . I would tell anything to a girl just to get she in bed . and girl believe it , and I hurt them . I would tell they that I love they , and they believe it . ( more ) ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 88 . continued : ( 2 ) neil ( cont 'd ) woman be the weaker of the two sex , it say so in the bible . tom when be the last time ? neil it 's be ... almost four year . and it 's great . I think I have slowly regain some of my virginity , and I will keep regain it as long as I be faithful to the Lord . the Lord 's get a plan for all of we , you just get to believe in he . he 's probably already get someone pick out for I . and I have a feel it 's this girl I be work with . she could be the one , man . Jacob enter . move quickly to the refrigerator . jacob we get any more beer ? Jacob see the beer in the refrigerator and pull one out . jacob ( cont 'd ) you want one ? Tom look at Neil tom no thanks . jacob you ready to go ? Jacob pull the limburg cheese out of the refrigerator . tom gee Jacob , I do not think like I feel like it anymore . Jacob stop and stare at Tom ... then at Neil . jacob you shittin ' I ? tom no , I just do not feel like it . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 89 . continued : ( 3 ) jacob fuckin ' unbelievable . bunch of fuck pussy , you know that ? Jacob kick a chair out of he way as he start to exit . neil you do not have to go either . why do not you stay here with we . jacob you know why you guy be such fuck loser ? huh ? Neil and Tom stare at Jacob . jacob ( cont 'd ) ' Cause you get no fuck ball . I will fuck shove the cheese up you ass . Jacob hurl the cheese into the garbage can and storm out . Tom look at Neil and then the off screen sound of the front door slamm can be hear . neil I be glad you do not go . int . live room - later Neil and Tom sit on the couch . Tom look at he watch . neil be something bother you , man ? Tom take a deep breath , he 's ready to explode . tom my whole life I - I always fantasize about be with a girl like Elizabeth . neil it 's alright to have fantasy . even Jesus have them . it 's just about tunneling that feeling to the right place . tom no ... I have sex with Elizabeth . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 90 . continued : neil in ... high school ? tom ( shaking he head ) Thursday . on the beach . neil do anyone know ? Tom shake he head . tom it be not that good ... it be so stupid . Neil rest he hand on Tom 's shoulder . neil it 's alright , man . tom what do you think I should do ? neil I think you should ask the Lord for forgiveness and guidance . and I think you need to tell Rose as soon as she get home . tom «+. okay . neil you want to pray with I ? Tom nod he head . Neil hold out he hand and Tom take it . neil ( cont 'd ) God , man , we be sit here and we need you help . please guide Tom to do the right thing in this situation , and help all the other people that be also go to need you . help Rose to realize that Tom do not mean to hurt she , and that he do love she , and help she in forgive Tom so that they marriage can be save . amen . tom amen . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 91 . continued : ( 2 ) neil you have get to tell Rose when she get back . tom you do not understand Rose . she 's never be with anyone else except I ... she 's go to want a divorce . neil be you sorry you do it ? tom yes. neil do you want to be forgiven ? Tom nod he head . neil ( cont ’d ) do you love she ? tom -- of course . neil then you just get to show she that love , man . but you get to tell she . Jacob too . he 's you friend . show he the love that you have for he . ext . bar - day as Jacob go into the bar . int . bar as Jacob enter and survey the scene . it 's dark . a few pool table in the back . the place be almost empty , but there be one lovely young lady sit at the bar . Jacob move toward she . int . bar - bathroom - day the unmistakable sound of Jacob make love to the lovely young lady at the bar . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 92 . int . live room - night Tom and Neil still wait . Hannah and Rose enter and Tom look at Neil and nod and Tom get up and go to Rose . neil Rose , Tom need to talk to you upstairs . Rose stop and look at Tom . Tom look back at she . rose what about ? we get to get ready for the reunion . neil he really need to talk to you . rose well , we can talk as we get ready . Rose move exit . int . bedroom - day Rose and Tom enter . Tom shut the door . rose be you sure this can not wait till after the reunion ? tom Rose , I sleep with Elizabeth . Tom let 's it sink in . Rose stare at Tom , she mind racing . rose ... when ? tom on the beach , the other day . when I go look for she . she be lie there and - and it - it be not she fault , it be both of we fault , she do not seduce I . we be both consent adult . Rose stand there look at Tom . tom ( cont 'd ) say something . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 93 . continued : rose what do you want I to say ? tom how do you feel ? rose I do not know . and then Rose go exit into the hallway . tom where be you go ? Tom watch as Rose walk to the end of the hallway and look into the guest bedroom . int . guest bedroom Rose stand in the doorway . rose I need to talk to Jacob . Elizabeth stand in front of the mirror put on make -up . she stare hatefully at Rose . Jacob , seat on the bed , look at Elizabeth and say : jacob this '1l only take a minute . int . bedroom Tom watch as Rose and Jacob go downstairs . Tom move to the bed . his head drop into he lap as he sit down . Elizabeth enter . elizabeth Tom ! Tom look up at she . tom I be sorry . i- I have to tell she . elizabeth shut up and listen to I . Rose have be fuck Jacob for the last two night . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 94 , continued : Tom sigh , not believe . his head drop back into he lap . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) he fuck she in high school , too . he take she virginity . tom why be you do this ? it 's over . elizabeth listen you idiot , what do you think " bear " mean ? Tom shake he head , not comprehend . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) it 's Jacob . Jacob take she virginity in walsh 's office , the night of the prom , the night that you and Neil get catch put cheese into sister Susan 's office . they fuck on that big bear skin rug . it 's start to dawn on Tom . tom no . no way . elizabeth go and ask she . Elizabeth grab Tom by the collar and pull he and push he out the door . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ask she about last night in the bathroom , and the night before ... ( shove Tom out ) .»+.- and prom night in walsh 's office . int . live room Tom enter , see Neil and Hannah sit on the couch . they immediately rise . neil what happen ? tom where be they ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 95 . continued : hannah Tom , what 's go on ? tom ( plead ) where be they ? neil ( point to the front door ) they go out . ext . house as Rose and Jacob make they way to Jacob 's car . Tom run out of the house . tom Rose ! Tom get to Jacob and Rose . tom ( cont 'd ) what 's go on ? jacob sorry about this , man . but I guess we be even , huh ? rose Jacob , get in the car . Jacob pause , nod , move to the car and get in . tom Rose ? rose I be sorry , Tom . I think I might be in love with he . a look of disbelief attack Tom 's face . tom what ? but what about everything you say ? I think you could not stand he ? rose but he 's different now . he 's not like he be in high school . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 96 . continued : Rose start to move away . tom do you fuck he ? in high school , too ? rose '' +. do not . Rose stare at Tom , not answer ... she start to move toward Jacob 's car . tom do you ? rose I get to go . Rose arrive at Jacob 's car and get in . Tom watch as Jacob say something to Rose and Rose smile and then they pull out of the driveway and drive away . int . guest bedroom - night Elizabeth throw she clothes into she suitcase . int . live room - night Tom stumble in , shell shocked . he sit down on the couch . Neil sit beside he . Neil wait . silence . neil it 's go to be alright , man . tom I think she hate Jacob ... neil Jacob and ... Rose ? Tom nod . hannah they be have a affair ? Hannah 's sit across from they , in the recliner . Tom nod . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : neil ( almost whisper ) you can work through this , man . I have see it happen . tom no . it 's over . she do not want I anymore . neil be you kid I ? it 's not over , man . the love that you feel be enough to bring she back and make you stronger . you can not just give up , man . not now . she need you . 97 . Tom sit ... wait ... finally turn toward Hannah , say : tom what do " bear " mean ? Hannah shake she head . hannah Tom , I ... tom -- what do it mean ? hannah -- I be sorry . tom -- do Jacob fuck she in walsh 's office ? hannah -- no . tom ( half yell ) do he ? hannah yes . he do ... he fuck she in walsh 's office , when you guy be in sister Susan 's office . she follow he in there and ... they do it . it be suppose to be I . Tom close he eye as it sink in and fall back in the couch . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 98 . continued : ( 2 ) tom God , we be so young then . silence . hannah Tom , we be young now . int . jacob be car - night park in a secluded spot , Jacob and Rose look into the night . jacob it 's be a hell of a weekend . rose yeah , I will say . jacob you know , I think about you all the time . rose I too . ( correct herself ) I mean , I think about you , not I . I do not think about I . jacob I know what you mean . ( and ) my life be just so ... complicated . rose you be not the only the one . my life be enough of a soap opera before any of this . jacob yeah , see ... that 's why I be glad we get this chance to talk before I leave . rose ... before we leave ? jacob I do not want this to end like it do in high school , but it 's get to end . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 99 . continued : rose -- oh ... jacob the timing be all wrong . I and Elizabeth , I guess we be just go through something . I hope I do not mislead you . Rose take a deep breath and start to speak but she voice crack and she stop and take another deep breath . she start to speak again and she voice continue to crack but she keep go anyway , and she 's fight back tear : rose no - no , I - I do not care . we be not kid anymore . I guess I and Tom be go through something , too . we relationship be - be so strong , you and Elizabeth could never understand what I and Tom have ... int . guest bedroom - night finish with she own clothes , Elizabeth throw Jacob 's clothes into another suitcase . int . live room - night Tom and Neil still sit on the couch . Hannah still sit across from they . tom what do the bible say about this ? neil a lot . ( and ) come on Tom , take my hand and pray with I . Tom take Neil 's hand . neil ( cont ’d ) do you want to be bear again ? right now ? Tom take a deep breath and nod , " yes . " Neil close he eye but Tom 's eye remain open and fastened to Hannah and Neil take a deep breathe and start to speak but Hannah interrupt . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 100 . continued : hannah ( interrupt ) timshel ... Hannah 's word hang in the air and Tom 's look right at she . tom -- what ? Hannah get up and start move toward Tom and Neil . hannah do not . do not just retreat to religion . neil knock it off , Hannah . he need we support . he need the Lord . Hannah sit on the couch . Tom now sit between Neil and Hannah . hannah this be what Morton be talk about ! " timshel . " neil -- Hannah , this be not the time . hannah Tom , you get to choose for yourself . you do not have to do what Neil say . you do not have to do what Rose say . you do not have to do what you parent say . you should do what you want . neil Hannah , please . hannah ( to Neil ) if God exist , fine , but let he find out for himself . neil Hannah , you say you respected I . I just want he to do the same thing . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 101 . continued : ( 2 ) hannah but for you it 's different , for you it 's a choice . you be choose for Tom . neil -- but we be go to be do the same thing . hannah no , it 's not . if two people do the same thing for different reason , it 's not the same thing . Neil think for a moment , stare at Hannah . neil but then he 's just do what you say . how 's that any different ? hannah maybe it 's not , maybe it 's a paradox . but maybe try be all anyone can do . and the door open and Rose appear in the doorway . Elizabeth enter with the suitcase and exit out the front door without say a word . ext . house - night Elizabeth exit the house , walk to Jacob 's car . Jacob still sit in the driver seat . he watch as Elizabeth approach . jacob well ? elizabeth well what ? open the trunk . Jacob pop the trunk . Elizabeth throw the suitcase into the trunk and get into the car . jacob you know , this be as much they fault as it be ours . Elizabeth stare hatefully at Jacob . jacob ( cont 'd ) shit ! ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 102 . continued : Jacob start the engine , back the car out of the driveway and they drive away . int . kitchen Tom and Rose sit at the table . finally Rose speak . rose he have not change one bit . how could we let he stay here ? tom I do not know . rose Tom , I make a mistake . I think we both make a mistake and - and I want to be the first one to apologize . tom do you love he ? rose no , of course not . tom so - so what do you want to do ? rose we have be together for so long . I think what we have be too valuable to just throw away without even try . Tom inhale deeply and stare at Rose . rose ( cont 'd ) Tom , talk to I , tell I how you be feel . we have both be on a emotional rollercoaster this weekend . this be not go to just go away but - but maybe we can grow beyond it . maybe ? and tear start to grow in Rose 's eye . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 103 . continued : rose ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) I mean , we could go on and punish ourselves for what we have do , but I just feel like I want to go back to the way thing be before any of this , before this god-awful weekend . Tom sigh , say : tom I , too . Rose cover Tom 's hand with she own and now she 's cry . rose most people do not have half of what we have . I mean , I know Jacob and Elizabeth will never even be close . and we be willing to throw it all away . and for what ? tom I do not know . rose I love you , Tom . and at least now I know , if Jacob be to make a pass at I now , I would be able to turn he down , and - and maybe it 's the same for you with Elizabeth ? Tom nod . Rose wait for a answer . tom it be . Rose wipe the tear out of she eye and they embrace . rose ( cry ) be we go to this god-damn reunion ? Tom nod and hug Rose back . int . live room Rose and Tom enter , hold hand . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 104 . continued : rose we be go to the reunion . together . Neil and Hannah glance at each other . neil well , that 's great . see , man , I tell you could work thing out . Neil slap Tom on the arm . Tom smile faintly but do not look at Hannah . int . bedroom Rose enter , a towel wrap around she body , hair wet . rose why be not you get ready ? Tom sit on the bed . tom I will . rose we get to leave in ten minute . tom I know . Rose move to the closet and begin to get dress . rose I be so glad they leave . Rose start to put on she dress . she look at herself in the mirror . rose ( cont 'd ) do you think this dress make I look fat ? Tom do not answer . he 's still sit on the bed . rose ( cont 'd ) Tom ? why be not you get ready ? tom I be . Tom start to untie one of he shoe . Rose go back to put on she dress . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 105 . continued : rose why do not you tell I Jacob offer you a job in New York ? tom I - I guess I do not have time . rose he say New York be pretty nice . I do not think it 's like other city . maybe we should go to New York . I mean , it would be a lot more money . Tom stop fiddling with he shoe and look at Rose with some real surprise . tom you - you want to go to New York ? rose maybe . I think we should definitely think about it . Rose look at Tom . he 's still sit on the bed look back at she . rose ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? tom if we have want to go to New York , we should have go 10 year ago . I think we want to stay here . rose you do not want to go to New York ? tom that 's not the point . i- I do not know what I want ... I want to find out what I want . rose maybe that 's something we need to work on , but I do not think that 's any reason to pass up this opportunity . Tom remain on the bed . rose ( cont 'd ) do you ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 106 . continued : ( 2 ) Tom shake he head . rose ( cont 'd ) we will talk about this later . Tom stand up and start to walk toward the door . rose ( cont 'd ) Tom ! where be you go ? tom I have not any idea . Tom freeze and look at Rose and try to gather he strength . tom ( cont 'd ) I - I be not go . maybe if I hurry I can make it to the twentieth reunion . rose Tom , wait a minute . how be I suppose to know what New York be like ? I have never be there either . I do not know . Tom look blankly at Rose . rose ( cont 'd ) well ? how be I suppose to know ? just tell I how I be suppose to know ? I do not see what you be get so upset about . tom I be not upset . rose well , then how can you leave ? I think you owe I a little more than that . I think we be go to try and make this work ? tom ( try to clear he throat ) ... timshel . rose what ? and now Tom say it louder and it hit Rose hard : ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 107 . continued : ( 3 ) tom timshel ! and the word seem to physically stop Rose . rose what the hell be that suppose to mean ? tom I do not know . and Tom exit . int . live room Neil and Hannah watch as Tom pass through . neil where be you go ? Tom get to the door and look back at Neil and Hannah . tom I do not know . Tom exit . Hannah look at Neil and then run into the hallway . int . bedroom Rose lie on the bed , cry . Hannah enter and sit on the bed , and wrap she arm around Rose and Rose 's cry increase . hannah oh , Rose , I be sorry . int . bedroom - later Rose sleep . Hannah get up and kiss Rose on the forehead and exit . rose goodnight . Rose breathes deeply , sleep . int . live room - night Neil wait on the couch . Hannah enter . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 108 . continued : neil ready ? Hannah nod and Neil get up and they exit . ext . house - night Neil and Hannah exit the house and walk to the volvo and get in and drive off to the reunion . fade out . the end script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library