revolutionary road written by Justin haythe ext . new york CITY - night , 1947 . flashback . City light . the soar bridge and glow window of New York City . the sound of a cocktail party . int . greenwich village apartment - night , 1947 . flashback . a party of bohemian type in the village . artist 's canvase propped up against the wall . a narrow hallway with couple talk intimately . two room cramme with young people smoking and drink . a man and a woman in they 20' stand alone in a corner ... frank wheeler , intelligent good -look , and april johnson , a patrician beauty , a woman amongst girl . he 's be make she laugh . frank so , what do you do ? april I be study to be a actress . you ? frank I be a longshoreman . april ( smile ) no , I mean really . frank I mean really too . start Monday , though , I be do something a little more glamorous . night cashier at a cafeteria . april ( smile ) I do not mean how you make money . I mean what be you interested in ? frank honey - if I have the answer to that one , I bet I would bore we both to death in half a hour . 2 . she laugh . he smile , revelling in she attention . int . greenwich village apartment - night , 1947 , later . later , Frank and April dance . they move well , in sync , look into each other 's eye . he slide he hand down the silk of April 's dress until it rest in the small of she back . Close on they hand . they finger slowly entwine as they lose themselves in each other ... smash CUT to : int . auditorium - night , present . Close on Frank 's face , seven year later , full of doubt and tension as he watch he wife , April , on stage and as we hear the hollow voice of a very bad amateur play ... finally , mercifully , the curtain fall . nothing . then vigorous , relieved applause . Frank hear a voice from behind , through the applause : woman thank God that 's over ... April take the final bow . she 's fight not to cry . Frank applaud she loudly . look around to see who else be join he . but there be no noticeable crescendo in the applause . then Frank hear the voice again : woman ( cont 'd ) ... and she be very disappoint . he can not argue . int . high school auditorium - night , moment later . Frank now move against the crowd of exite audience member towards the stage . he keep he head lower , avoid eye - contact , until he feel a hand on he sleeve . 3. mr. and mrs . giving , a older couple , be stand in he way . mrs . giving Frank ! very nice Frank ! frank thanks , Mrs. giving . Frank step around she . mrs . giving I can not tell you how much we enjoy it . you have a very talented wife . Frank force a smile as he go . frank I will pass it along ! int . dressing room - night . April sit alone at she dress table cry . int . back stage - night . the cast mill backstage . the mood be subdued , but some have decide to make light of the disaster . Frank move through the crowd . across the room , he see - milly campbell , 30' , determinedly bright , up on she tip - toe . her husband shep , 30' , heavy - set , be still in costume , shell - shocked and pebble with sweat . milly Frank ! frank hi ! milly she 's through there ...! ( point ) you `bout ready for that drink ? 4. frank couple of minute ! int . dressing room - night . Frank enter . the chair in front of the mirror be empty . a cigarette burn in the ashtray . Frank glance at a stand screen in the corner . April 's costume be drape over the top . he go towards it , decide what to say . frank ( heartfelt ) April , sweetheart . you be great . I mean it . the door to the bathroom open . April enter in street clothes . Frank 's be talk to a empty room . april hi . you about ready to leave ? I have just get to get this makeup off , then we can go . she sit in front of the mirror , too embarrassed to look at he . frank can see that she face be blotchy from cry . he put he hand on she shoulder . frank well ... I guess it be not a triumph or anything , be it ? april look at he in the mirror . she hold he look just a second . and from she expression , he know he say exactly the wrong thing . april I guess not . I will be ready in a minute . frank take you time . he remove he hand and light a cigarette . april begin to take off she makeup . 5 . april will you do I a favor ? milly and Shep want we to go out with they afterwards . will you say we can not ? say it 's because of the baby sitter or something ? frank well , the thing be , I already say that we could . I mean , I just see they out there and I say we would . april ( tense ) oh . then would you mind go out again and say you be mistaken ? that should be simple enough . frank do not you think that 's a little bit rude , April ? april well I will tell they myself . frank okay . okay . take it easy . I will tell they . he back to the door . int . high - school corridor - night . April and Frank walk down a long empty echoing corridor , past school locker , booster club poster and silent classroom . they do not touch . they do not speak . the tension between they be palpable . int . wheeler car - night . Frank drive . April stare ahead . they face be light by the dashboard . after a while ... 6 . frank I mean it , baby . you be the only person in that play . april thank you . he look over at she . frank we just never should have let you get mix up in the damned thing . april all right . frank you have study for Christ 's sake . april could we sort of stop talk about it now ? frank sure . I just do not want you feel bad about it , that 's all . because it 's not worth it . I mean , it 's bad enough have to live out here among this damn people - what would you say ? april I say yes . all right , Frank . could you just stop talk now , before you drive I crazy , please ? Frank clenches he jaw and flip on the indicator . april ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? why be we stop ? ext . highway - night . the car come to a stop at the side of the road . 7. int . wheeler car - night . Frank turn off the ignition . he slide towards she . april no , Frank , please do not ... he put he arm around she . frank baby , it 's okay ... april please do not touch I . frank April ... april why can not you ... just ... leave I alone ! Frank slide back behind the wheel . beat . frank it strike I , that there 's a considerable amount of bullshit go on here .... and there 's one or two thing I would like to clear up . number one , it 's not my fault the play be lousy . number two , it 's sure as hell not my fault you do not turn out to be a actress , and the sooner you get over that little piece of soap opera the better off we will both be . number three , I do not happen to fit the role of dumb , insensitive suburban husband ; you have be try to hang that one on I ever since we move here . number four - she open the door and be out of the car , flash across the headlight . Frank struggle with he door . 8. ext . highway shoulder - night . April stand in the dark 30 yard from the road look over a expansive countryside . there 's only a few light in the distance . this be still farmland . Frank come up behind she , careful to keep he distance . frank what the hell be you do ? come back to the car . april no . just let I stand here a second . Frank raise he arm in exasperation . a car approach . he put a hand in he pocket and try to look casual . the car 's headlight light up April 's back , then pass . frank April ? she do not move . frank ( cont 'd ) look , can not we sit in the car and talk about it , instead of run all over Route twelve ? april have not I make it clear I do not particularly want to talk about it ? frank okay . Jesus , I be try to be nice about this thing . april how kind of you . how terribly , terribly kind of you . frank wait a minute . I do not deserve this . 9 . april you be always so wonderfully definite , be not you , on the subject of what you do and do not deserve ? she turn and walk past he back towards the car . frank wait a minute ! he stumble after she . other car whizz by , but he 's past caring . frank ( cont 'd ) wait a minute , God damn it ! she lean against the car and fold she arm . frank ( cont 'd ) you listen to I . this be one time you be not go to get away with twist everything I say . april Christ , I wish you would stay home tonight ! frank you know what you be when you be like this ? you be sick . I really mean that . you be sick ! april and you know what you be ? ( eye rake he ) you be disgusting . frank oh , yeah ? april just because you have get I safely in this little trap , you think you can bully I into feel whatever you want ! 10 . frank you in a trap ! you in a trap ! Jesus , do not make I laugh ! april yes , I . ( clutching at she chest ) me! me! I ! oh , you poor , pathetic little boy ­­ look at you ! look at you , and tell I how by any stretch of the imagination you can call yourself a man ! he raise he fist , she flinch away , and bong ! bong ! bong ! bong ! he punch the hood of the car . then , silence . the look April give he be probably the worst look he 's ever receive : a look of pity boredom . frank do not look at I like that , April . april could we please go home now ? she calmly walk around and get in the car . after a moment , Frank follow ... int . car - night . they sit silently in the car in the darkness . title card : revolutionary road ext . wheeler house - morning . a small , attractive suburban house in the morning sunshine . Frank walk out to the car , stop and look back at the house . int . wheeler live room - morning . April stand at the window . the SOUND of the car pull away . 11 . ext . revolutionary road train station - morning . Frank stand on a grey platform , amongst a crowd of commuter . the morning commuter train ease into the station . int . commuter train - morning . Frank sit against the train window hold a " New Yorker . " around he , the train be crowded with man read newspaper . int . grand central platform - morning . in one swift movement , all the door of the commuter train swing open as a hundred foot step down onto the platform . int . grand central station - morning . a empty stairwell in Grand Central : a tide of grim , determine commuter rise into view . a mass of suit and hat . Frank be amongst they . ext . midtown STREET - morning . knox headquarters -- a squat , formidable structure . thick honking traffic . crowd sidewalk . Frank walk with the crowd past a display window : bright cardboard image of fashionable woman grin and point they pencil at a list of product benefit - " speed , accuracy , control . " pride of place at the center of the display be a new knox 500 Electronic Computer with a sign that read : " perform a man 's Lifetime of work in just 30 Minutes ! " int . knox build elevator - morning . Frank ride crush against the wall in a crowded elevator . he glance over at - maureen grube , 23 , ripe , a little obvious , but undeniably sexy . she meet he look . and look away . 12 . int . knox 15 th floor , franks cubicle - morning . Frank open the bottom right drawer of he desk , prop up he foot and light a cigarette . jack ( o.s. ) I be go to need you help this morning , Old scout . seat beside Frank , jack ordway , 40' , tall and effete with grey hair , appear to be hard at work , hunch over a file . he be , in fact , prop up he head with he hand while shield he eye . jack ( cont 'd ) for the next few hour , you be to warn I of bandy 's every approach and you may have to screen I from public view in the likely event I that I throw up . it 's that bad . frank good morning , Jack . jack nothing good about it , I assure you . ext . wheeler house - day . April drag two overflow garbage can to the curb . she stop and look down the empty road . not a single human be in sight . Close on April 's face . int . mrs. giving ' car - day , 1948 . flashback . Mrs. giving sit behind the wheel , drive slowly along a suburban street talk at high speed . Frank sit beside she wear sunglass . April sit in the back . we do not yet see what Mrs. giving be describe , only as it play on they face . 13 . mrs . giving of course , I know the moment you come off the train what you be look for ... a small remodel barn , or a carriage house ­ and I just hate to be the one to tell you that sort of thing just be not available anymore ... but I do not want you to despair . there be one place down here I want to show you ... now of course it be not very desirable at this end . ( gesture ) as you see , Crawford Road be mostly this little cinder - blocky , pick - up trucky place ­ plumber , carpenter , little local people of that sort . Frank turn around to April , lower he glass . April stifles a giggle . mrs . giving ( cont 'd ) but eventually ... ( she point , she arm fully extend ) eventually it lead up to Revolutionary Road , which be much nicer . now , the place I want to show you , be a sweet little house and a sweet little set . simple , clean line , good lawn , marvelous for child . it 's right around this next curve ... now , you will see it ­ there . they all look . mrs . giving ( cont 'd ) see the little white one ? sweet be not it ? the perky way it sit there on its little slope ? charm , be not it ? April smile . a smile full of promise . 14 . april oh , yes . int . bandy office - day . present . Frank 's fist rap against the door of a office ... ted bandy , 46 , tight and precise , look up from behind a well - organize desk . frank you want to see I ? bandy hold out a envelope from behind he desk . bandy come for you from Toledo this morning . Frank reach for it , but bandy move it out of reach . bandy ( cont 'd ) this be the third one this month . frank oh , right , sorry . I think I would take care of that ... Frank reach again , but bandy move it . a little man enjoy he power . bandy I be not prepare to have this conversation again , Frank . you understand ? frank ... absolutely , yes . bandy this folk in the province look up to we , Frank . we need to be efficient . we can not have this kind of back and forth , and so forth . it 's just not efficient . be I right ? 15 . frank ... absolutely , yes , yes ... bandy finally hand over the envelope . int . knox 15 th floor , franks cubicle - day . Frank sit at he desk . jack what be that about ? frank Toledo . branch manager want a revise brochure for the conference on " the knox 500 . " ( impersonate bandy ) " it 's just not efficient . " jack ( sharp inhale ) sound like a real goodie . frank I do not even know what the knox 500 do ... do you ? jack do not insult I . Frank drop it in he in box . then , look up , he see Maureen across the office . thinks . int . knox 15 th floor , maureen' desk - day . Frank stand over Maureen at she desk . the envelope from Toledo lie in front of she . frank now , if you will look in the inactive file under sp - 1109 you will find copy of all the stuff we send to the agency ... and that way we can trace the thing back to its original source . 16 . she nod , jotting down a note . for the first time , Frank allow himself to take in she profile , she cleavage , she lip . frank ( cont 'd ) I hope you be not plan on a early lunch . maureen I be not really hungry . frank good . I will check on you later . int . algonquin HOTEL restaurant - afternoon . Maureen and Frank sit in a secluded corner . Maureen sip a martini . she 's already a little drunk . frank ( cont 'd ) you know something ? you be lucky you meet I . maureen oh ? how 's that ? frank I can show you the rope . there 's a art to survival at knox . let I show you what I mean . he wave over the waiter . frank ( cont 'd ) bring I the telephone would you ? and two more martinis . Maureen look daunt at she empty glass . maureen wow . the waiter bring over the phone . Frank dial . he hold he finger to he lip . he use a authoritative tone . 17 . frank hello Mrs. jorgensen . Frank wheeler here . just want to let you know that I have have to send Maureen grube down to Visual aide for I . I will probably need she the rest of the day ... okay ? Fine . you too . Frank hang up and smile at Maureen . maureen I never even hear of Visual aide . frank that 's because it do not exist . Maureen smile . int . wheeler hallway - day . now we be move behind April as she move through the silent house . she carry a basket of dirty laundry on she hip . she pull the bedding off the couch . the distant SOUND of child play . mrs . giving ( o.s. ) yoo-hoo ! she turn to see Mrs. giving at the screen door . April manage a friendly smile . april hi helen . mrs . giving I can not stay a minute ... my , do not you look comfy ! I just want to bring this sedum for that messy patch in the front yard . she put it on the table . 18. mrs . giving ( cont 'd ) all it want be just a tiny dollop of water for the first few day , and you will find it absolutely thrive . april well , thank you ... you want some coffee ? mrs . giving only if you be have some . helen sit down . with the end of she finger , she push a dirty dish out of she way . april be there something I can do for you , helen ? mrs . giving oh ... yes , I almost forget . I do have a small favor I would like to ask ... ( quiver of anxiety ) it 's about my son , John . he 's be in the hospital . april I be sorry to hear that . mrs . giving well , actually , just for the present , he 's in pleasant Brook ... psychiatric . April 's face . she know what it mean . april ... I be so sorry . mrs . giving oh ... nothing serious . he just get a little run down . thing can just get the better of we sometimes . do not you think ? 19 . april yes . of course . Mrs. giving smile . then , pretend to read the title on a stack of book on the table ... mrs . giving it really be a marvellous facility and the treatment seem to be do he wonder ... anyway , they say get out for a afternoon might do he some good . she pause on sartre 's ` nausea ' , look at it vaguely . mrs . giving ( cont 'd ) I think he find my friend a little conventional , frankly . I mean , he 's travel . he have a phd in mathematics . I suppose you could say he 's a intellectual . it would do he a world of good to meet a young couple like you . april we would love to helen . mrs . giving so , I think perhaps if you have some time ... april we would love to . mrs . giving ( flushed with relief ) thank you , dear ... thank you . April smile generously . mrs . giving ( cont 'd ) I remember when you first come off the train . you be not like most of my client . you be different , somehow . April 's face . she 's listen . 20 . mrs . giving ( cont 'd ) well , you look simply ravish and I just know Frank do something terribly brilliant in town . you just seem ... special ... of course you still be . April take this in . int . wheeler house - afternoon . April watch from the picture window as Mrs. giving walk down the drive towards she car . her face be reflect in the glass . something be take shape in she mind . int . algonquin restaurant bar - afternoon , later . the dining room be now almost empty . waiter and busboy eat in the corner . Frank cut a solitary figure . he light he last cigarette and crumple the pack . maureen ( o.s. ) I guess you get I a little drunk . Maureen slide into the booth . she stare at the table , try to focus . frank you know what today be ? maureen ... Monday ? frank it 's my birthday . I be thirty year old today . maureen happy birthday ! Maureen raise she glass , then sway drunkenly . 21 . maureen ( cont 'd ) what be the name of the department you make up again ? frank Visual aide . maureen ... what - a-joke . he sip he drink . frank want to hear a real joke ...? she look up at he . frank ( cont 'd ) my old man work at knox . maureen yeah ? frank he be a salesman in yonker . once a year he use to take I into the city for lunch . it be suppose to be a special , life - advice sort of occasion . maureen Nice . frank not really ... I use to sit there and think , ` I hope to Christ I do not end up like you . ' Frank grin as if it 's suppose to be very funny . frank ( cont 'd ) and here I be , a thirty year old knox man . can you beat that ? maureen I think I kind of lose you ... you father work for knox ...? ( more ) 22. maureen ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , but everything 's kinda go out of focus . Frank take she arm to steady she . she meet he eye . frank how `bout some air ? int . wheeler kitchen - day . Close on a hand open a old cigar box . April be sit with the box at the kitchen table . it contain various sentimental knickknack from she past , include photo of the kid , of she and Frank in New York with friend , and a photograph of Frank in uniform beneath the eifel tower on liberation day ... she study it . int . bethune STREET apartment - dawn , 1947 . flashback Frank fix coffee in the tiny kitchen . April be sit up in bed in the first blue light of day wear Frank 's T-shirt . she hold a curl collection of black and white photograph in she lap . she stop on the same picture of Frank and the eifel Tower . Frank come over with the coffee , and two cigarettes . he light they both , and give she one . frank you ever be to Paris ? april I have never really be anywhere . frank maybe I will take you with I . he lie down with he cigarette between he tooth . frank ( cont 'd ) I be go back first chance I get . people be alive there . he stare up at the ceiling . she study he . appraise . 23. frank ( cont 'd ) all I know now be that I want to feel thing . really feel they . how 's that for a ambition ...? april Frank wheeler ? frank mm ? april I think you be the most interesting person I have ever meet . he look at she , overwhelm by she face in the light . april ( cont 'd ) I mean it . int . maureen' apartment - afternoon Frank stand at the mantle tie he tie . frank well , I guess this be not what you have in mind when you go to work this morning ? Maureen cover herself with the sheet . maureen no . it certainly be not . Frank inspect the content of the mantle : photo of Maureen at the prom ; Maureen with she parent . Maureen tentatively finger she hair that have now go to frizz . the sheet slip down . she grab at it . then will herself to calm down and act sophisticated . maureen ( cont 'd ) do you have a cigarette , Frank ? he turn and smile at she . 24 . frank sure , here . he come over and give she one . light it with he Zippo . she exhales , slowly gain confidence . Frank get up and pull on he jacket . maureen can I get you a drink or anything ? frank no thanks , Maureen . actually , I guess I would better be cut out , it 's get kind of late . maureen gee , that 's right . have you miss you train ? frank it 's all right , I will get the next one . he come over to she . bend down , kiss she gently on the lip . frank ( cont 'd ) listen : you be swell . take care now . int . franks station car / wheeler house - night . Frank 's station car turn into the driveway . he sit there a moment in the darkness . ext . wheeler front door - night . Frank approach the door with he key . he take a moment to gather himself , but before he can , the door open . April be dress in a black cocktail dress . she look wonderful . she smile . she step forward and take he face in she hand . she kiss he . 25 . april Frank ... frank why be you all dress up ? she hand he a glass of whiskey and close he finger around it . april first of all , I miss you all day and I want to say I be sorry . I be sorry for the way I have be since that stupid play . I be sorry for everything and ... and I love you ... now wait here till I call you . okay ? she go , leave Frank in stunne silence . he take a large drink . from inside the house , the sound of the child 's voice . whisper , giggle . then April 's voice : april ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) alright Frank ! you can come in now ! int . wheeler live and dine room - night . Frank enter the house . walk through the darken live room towards the light . enter the dining room . the room be light by the candle burn on a birthday cake . jennifer , 7 , michael , 5 , and April sit around the table wear paper birthday crown . they sing happy birthday . int . shower - night . Frank scrub he skin , he scalp , he face : try to wash away Maureen . 26 . he turn off the water . he stand there in the silence , regain control . int . frank and april' bedroom - night . Frank step out of the bathroom . April turn from the mirror wear the silk negligee and come towards he with two glass . april Frank . I have have the most wonderful idea . I have be think about it all day . frank what 's all this about ? april you know how much money we have save ...? she hand Frank a glass of brandy . april ( cont 'd ) enough to live on for six month without you earning another dime . and with the money we could get from the house and the car , longer than that . frank what we get for the house ... what be you talk about ? where be we go to live ? april ... Paris . Frank stare . april ( cont 'd ) you always say it be the only place you would ever be that be worth live . so why do not we go there ? 27 . frank you be serious ? april yes . what 's stop we ? frank what 's stop we ? well , I can think of a lot of thing . for instance , what kind of a job could I possibly get ? april you will not be get any kind of job , because I will . Frank laugh . frank oh , right . april do not laugh -- listen a minute ! have you any idea what they pay for secretarial position in the government agency in Europe ? Embassies and that thing . Frank laugh again . frank no , I do not . april I be serious about this Frank . do you think I be kid or something ? frank no , I know , I know . I just have a couple of question , be all . for one thing , do you mind tell I what exactly I be suppose to be do while you be out earning all this money ? she draw back , shocked that he do not get it . 28 . april do not you see that 's the whole idea ? you will be do what you should have be allow to do seven year ago . you will have time , Frank . you will have time to find out what it be that you actually want to do , and when you figure it out you will have the time and the freedom to start do it . frank sweetheart , it 's just not very realistic , be all . april well , I happen to think this be unrealistic . I think it 's unrealistic for a man with a fine mind to go on work like a dog year after year at a job he can not stand , come home to a place he can not stand , to a wife who 's equally unable to stand the same thing . Frank be silent . how could anyone possibly argue with she ? april ( cont 'd ) you want to know the worst part ? we whole existence here be base on this great premise that we be somehow very special and superior to the whole thing , and you know what I have realize ...? we be not ! we be just like everyone else . look at we ! we have buy into the same ridiculous delusion . this idea that you have to resign from life and settle down the moment you have child . and we have be punish each other for it . frank listen : we decide to move out here . no one ever force I to take the job at knox . ( more ) 29 . frank ( cont 'd ) I mean who ever say I be suppose to be a big deal , anyway ? april when I first meet you , there be nothing in the world you could not do or be . frank I be a little wise guy with a big mouth , that 's all . april you be not ! how can you even say that ? frank ... all right ... so , I will have time . and God know that 's appeal . it 's very appeal . and I mean , everything you say might make a certain amount of sense , if I have some definite talent maybe . if I be a artist or a writer . april but Frank , listen to I : it 's what you be that 's be stifle here . it 's what you be that 's be deny and deny and deny in this kind of life . frank and what 's that ? april do not you know ...? he look at she . she gaze back at he . april ( cont 'd ) you be the most valuable and wonderful thing in the world ... you be a man . 30 . Frank look at she . in that moment , he love she more than ever before . he kiss she . april ( cont 'd ) this be we chance , Frank . this be we one chance . beat . frank okay . april okay ? frank why not ...? why the hell not ? April throw she arm around he . int . knox 15 th floor , elevator BAY - morning . ding . the elevator door slide open . Frank step onto the fifteenth floor , full of energy . int . knox 15 th floor , franks cubicle - morning . Frank arrive at he desk . casually toss he briefcase down . light a cigarette . Jack stand nearby make idle chat with office co-worker , ed SMALL , 36 and vince lathrop , 33 - a pair of overgrown child . jack ah , Franklin . good to see you shine face . what 's the news ? frank I be move to Paris . jack right . and I be move to tangier . Frank shrug , smile , pick up the Toledo file , scan it . 31 . he reach for he dictaphone and clear he throat . frank ... intra-company letter to Toledo ... attention b.f. Chalmers , branch manager ... with regard to recent and repeat correspondence , this be to advise that the matter have be ... very satisfactorily take in hand , period , paragraph . he take out a cigarette . frank ( cont 'd ) we wholly agree that the exist brochure be unsuitable . to this end we have develop ... he light the cigarette with a SNAP of he Zippo . frank ( cont 'd ) " speak of production Control ... " smile . he 's make it up as he go , and enjoy it . it 's all meaningless now ! int . american express office - day . April sit in the american Express office . clerk ( o.s. ) here you be Mrs. wheeler : a handsome clerk smilingly hand she a stack of document . clerk ( cont 'd ) here 's the traveller check you ask for ... and you steamer reservation ... and this I will pass on to the embassy for you . april thank you . she look at they in she hand : it 's real . 32 . clerk good luck . April smile . int . midtown restaurant - day . Jack , Frank , Ed and Vince sit cramme in a booth in a tiny , crowded Midtown luncheonette . Frank look pleased with himself . the rest sit in stunne silence . jack and when do this noble experiment commence ? frank September . October at the outside . Jack and Vince exchange a look . Frank 's enjoy the effect . frank ( cont 'd ) I just happen to think people be better off do some kind of work they actually like . ed ( vague ) right , yes . vince ( mumble ) absolutely , absolutely . jack but ... I mean , assume there be a true vocation wait for you . would not you be just as likely to discover it here as there ? a waitress put the check on the table . 33. frank no ... I do not think it 's possible to discover anything on the fifteenth floor of the knox building , and I do not think any of you do either . the man be silent . Frank pick up the check . frank ( cont 'd ) this one 's on I . ext grand central station - afternoon Frank be stand lean against a coffee bar in Grand Central Station . he be finish a beer . it be rush hour , and amidst the sea of people , he be the only one not move . he be watch all the people walk by with a air of detach amusement . as if he be now above they all . ext . space between train car - afternoon . Frank ride between train car . the wind whip he hair . he take a deep pull from a pinch cigarette - then flick it straight as a bullet into the pass countryside . he feel alive . ext . revolutionary road train station - afternoon . the commuter train slow into the station . a door swing open . and Frank leap from the still move train onto the platform . he slow to a walk . ext . wheeler house - late afternoon . the kid dance back and forth through the sprinkler , shriek with pleasure . April sit on the step in front of the house read some material from the american Express office . 34 . she look up as Frank 's car pull into the drive . he step out of the car and come towards she . she look up and smile . he drop he brief case on the ground and walk towards she . she meet he in the middle of the lawn , and they embrace . int . frank and april' bedroom - evening . close up - two finger walk the journey from New York to Paris across the page of a atla . Michael and Jennifer , dress for bed , sit sandwich between April and Frank under the bedclothes . april ... all the way to ... here . a pause as the two kid stare at the atlas . jennifer but why ? april well , sweetheart . it 's a big world out there and we think maybe we should go see a little bit of it . michael how far be it ? april a long way . we have to take a boat ride over the sea to get there . jennifer I will not know anyone there . april I know . and neither will I . but remember when you start school ? and now look how many friend you have ... Frank sense that they be a little concerned . April and Frank look to one another . 35 . frank you will never guess what they eat in Paris . you will never guess ... jennifer what ? frank snail . jennifer / michael snail ?! april and frog 's leg ! the child dissolve into disgust laughter . April and Frank laugh with they . int . campbell front hallway - late afternoon . at the bottom of the stair , Shep hum a big band number as he vigorously shine he shoe . shep buddappa banh ! banh ! banh ! he take a swig of beer and let out a satisfied belch . int . milly and shep' bedroom - late afternoon . milly sit at a vanity table do she face . she wear a floral dress and she hair 's be do . she look at Shep in the mirror . milly you better get change , they will be here soon . shep that what you be wear ? milly ( panic ) do not you like it ? 36 . shep ... no ... no . you look great , doll . guess I better haul ass . he walk into the bathroom . milly look back at she reflection . int . campbell kitchen - late afternoon . the small explosion of a beer can open . Shep watch the golden liquid fill he glass . int . campbell family room - late afternoon . Shep walk through the live room with he glass of beer . he 's halfway across the room , before he notice - his four son dress in match pajamas , propped up on they elbow chew gum at the television screen . shep hiya gang . they do not even look up . ext . campbell house - evening . Shep walk across the grass to the edge of he property . he drink and look down over Revolutionary Road . he can see the wheeler house . he take a drink of beer , he eye focus on the house . milly ( o.s. ) Shep ? Shep wheel around . April and Frank be stand there with milly . April wear a new indigo silk dress . her hair move in the warm breeze . she 's never look better . int . campbell live room - night . Shep mix drink with he back to the room . 37 . milly walk in and place two heaping trays of hor d'ouvre on the coffee table . april oh that look great . I be starve ! April help herself . milly April , I can not get over it - you look like the cat who eat the canary ! do you have something to tell we ? a little bit of news ? shep ( disapprove ) not to pry or anything . milly ( suddenly unsure ) I be not pry . be I pry ? I do not mean to . frank actually , we have get some pretty important news . Shep and milly look up expectantly . he smile conspiratorially at April . frank ( cont 'd ) you want to tell `em ? April smile back at he . april we be go to Europe . to Paris ... to live . milly 's face drop . Shep be freeze . overlap : milly what ? 38 . shep when ? milly why ? frank September . beat . then : milly but what for ? frank what for ? because we have always want to . because the kid be still young . because it 's beautiful . Shep , you tell she . shep ... it 's a great city . milly glance nervously at Shep . milly when do you make this decision ? april oh ... about a week ago ... its hard to remember . we just suddenly decide to go , that 's all . milly about a week ago , and you tell we now ! april we have to get use to the idea . Shep force himself across the room and hand the wheeler they drink . shep so , what 's the deal , Frank ? you get a job over there , or what ? 39 . frank ( smile ) no . not exactly . shep what do you mean , `not exactly ? ' april Frank will not be do any kind of a job , because I will . shep ( to Frank ) and what be you go to do ? frank I be go to study ... and I be go to read and ... I suppose I be go to finally figure out what I want to do with my life . shep ... while she support you ? beat . frank yes . while she support I ... at least in the beginning . april you would not believe what they pay for secretarial work in government agency over there . NATO and e.c.a. and that place . frank the cost of live be dirt cheap compare to here , so we should be all right . beat . april the truth be we just need something different . ( more ) 40 . april ( cont 'd ) we be not get any young and we do not want life to just pass we by . milly gee , it sound wonderful , kid . I mean it ; it really sound wonderful . we will certainly miss you , though - will not we , sweetie ? golly . shep sure . milly Paris . wow . a silence . Shep 's face . int . milly and shep' bedroom - night . milly sit on the edge of the bed in she night gown . she be brush she hair . Shep stand in the open doorway to the bathroom , do up he pyjamas . after a beat ... shep you know what I think ? milly look up . shep ( cont 'd ) I think this whole plan sound a little immature . milly 's face brighten . milly oh God , I be so relieved . I too ... I be think that the whole time . shep what kind of man be go to sit around in he bathrobe pick he nose while he wife work all day ? 41 . milly I do not know , Shep . I just do not know . milly be cry . shep what be it ? milly nothing . I be just so relieved . he sit down beside she . she fall into he arm . shep come on . do not cry . please . it 's all right . it 's go to be all right . a kid 's shout from somewhere in the house . milly sit up . shep ( cont 'd ) I will go . int . wheeler kitchen - later that night . Frank and April burst into the kitchen , laugh . frank Jesus , they face ! you would think we would tell they that we be swim up the yangtzee river or something . laugh , April hand Frank a drink . frank ( cont 'd ) you know what this be like , April ? talk like this ? the whole idea of take off to Europe this way ? it 's like the way I feel go up to the line the first time , in the war . I be probably just as scared as everyone else , but inside I never feel better . I feel alive . I feel full of blood . ( more ) 42 . frank ( cont 'd ) and everything look more real . the guy in they uniform . the snow on the field , the tree . and all of we just ... walk . I mean I be scared of course . but I keep think : this be it . this be the truth . april I feel that way once too . he look at she . and there 's something in she eye . frank when ? april the first time you make love to I . he walk over to she and kiss she passionately . and they make love that way , face to face , with the light on , look into each other 's eye , fully clothed , until he come inside she . as he come , she make a sound , almost inaudible , but it sound like ... april ( cont 'd ) ... no he hold she , breathe heavily . she stroke he head . int . knox 15 th floor - day . Frank walk across the 15th floor , the atmosphere unusually abuzz . he arrive in he cubicle . Jack , Ed and vance be talk in hushed tone . frank what 's up ? ed Bart pollock be here . 43. vince he 's in bandy 's office . frank ( unimpress ) yeah ? a small signal light illuminate on Frank 's desk . ed look like he want to talk to you . Frank look around . they be all look at he . he look over in the direction of bandy 's office . jack hey . keep my name out of it . int . knox 15 th floor , bandy office - day bandy look up from he desk . a uncharacteristic smile . bandy ( warm ) Frank . how be you ? you know Bart pollock ? frank well , we have never meet , but - a massive man in tan gaberdine rise up from a chair . bart pollock glad to know you Frank . he hold a file in he enormous hand . bart pollock ( cont 'd ) speak of production control ? Frank look away , ready for a dress down . bart pollock ( cont 'd ) Frank ... this be a crackerjack . they be just tickle to death in Toledo . 44 . he slap the file on the desk . Frank can not believe it . int . wheeler live room - day . Close of a book : " brighter french . " Frank sit on the couch , flipping absently . frank you would not have believe this guy . April enter carry a plate of sandwich . frank ( cont 'd ) he 's perfect presidential material in the worst sense . a million dollar smile and about three pound of muscle between he ear . ( mimick pollock 's booming voice ) " Frank , this be a crackerjack . " April look around to be sure everything 's in place . april wish I see he face when you tell he you be leave . Frank look away . frank ... horse 's ass . toot of a car horn . April go to the window . april I think this be they . int . / ext . wheeler house - day . through the picture window , we see the giving ' car be park in the driveway . Mrs. giving get out of the car hold a tinfoil cover baking pan . Mr. giving open the backseat . 45 . out step JOHN , 30' , a institutional haircut and ill - fitting suit . he look around the sunny neighborhood . int . wheeler kitchen - day . the kitchen be suddenly crowded with the giving , Frank and April . overlap : mrs . giving sorry to be late . april you be not late . mrs . giving the traffic be terrible . mr. giving good to see you . mrs . giving be not it terrible , Howard ? mr. giving Route 12 . hand be shook , the baking dish exchange . april you do not have to do that . frank the time they finish that stretch of road , they will have to start all over again . John stand by himself close to the door . april and you must be John ? silence settles over the room . mrs . giving say hello , John . 46 . JOHN Nice to meetcha . Heard a lot aboutcha . John smile , expose a mouthful of deeply - stain yellow tooth and high , erode gum . int . wheeler live room - day . Mrs. giving lead the group into the live room . mrs . giving where be you darling child ? april they be at a birthday party . sorry they could not be here . John walk around the room , stiff - legge , examine the book shelf , the painting . JOHN do not worry . if I have a certified lunatic come around the house , I would probably get the kid out of the way too . April and Frank exchange a quick glance . mrs . giving oh , look at all this food ! you do not have to go to any trouble for we . april it 's just some sandwich . April lift the plate and offer it to John . april ( cont 'd ) John , would you like a sandwich ? he avoid she look , but he take four . JOHN helen 's be talk it up about you people for month . ( more ) 47 . JOHN ( cont 'd ) the nice young wheeler on Revolutionary Road , the nice young revolutionary on wheeler road . polite laughter . frank who would like some sherry ? mrs . giving please , do not bother Frank . JOHN I would like some sherry . and I will drink helen 's if she do not beat I to it . April can not suppress a smile . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( suddenly serious ) but , hey ... listen , though . you get a high - ball glass ...? put a couple - three ice cube in it , pour it up to the brim . that 's the way I like it . frank I think I can do that . Mr. giving eat he sandwich , watch he son . mrs . giving oh , this be the most wonderful egg salad , April . you must tell I how you fix it . Frank hand John he high - ball glass . JOHN you a lawyer Frank ? frank no , I be not . JOHN I could use a lawyer . 48 . mr. giving John , let 's not get start again about the lawyer . JOHN pop , could not you just sit there and eat you wonderful egg salad , and quit horn in ? Mr. giving give he son a level , warning look . JOHN ( cont 'd ) see , I have get a good many question to ask and I be willing to pay for the answer ... now , I do not need to be tell that a man who go after he mother with a coffee table be put himself in a weak position legally ; that 's obvious . Frank and April exchange a look . mrs . giving John , come and have a look out this fabulous picture window . Mrs. giving get up and go to the window . JOHN if he hit she with it and kill she , that 's a criminal case . mrs . giving oh , look , the sun 's come out ! JOHN if all he do be break the coffee table and give she a certain amount of aggravation and she decide to go to court over it , that 's a civil case . mrs . giving maybe we will see a rainbow ! John , come have a look . 49 . JOHN ma , how about do everybody a favor ? how about shutting up ! April 's face . she 's not smile now . mr. giving steady down , now . with she back to the room , Mrs. giving close she eye . frank I can look into it . maybe recommend someone . John stare at Frank for any sign of condescension . JOHN so , what do you do , Frank ? frank I work for knox Business machine . JOHN you design the machine ? frank nope . JOHN make `em , sell `em , repair `em ? mrs . giving all this question . frank I sort of help sell they , I guess . I work in the office . actually , it 's sort of a stupid job . I mean there 's nothing ­ you know , interesting about it or anything . mrs . giving oh , Frank ... JOHN whaddya do it for then ? 50 . mr. giving maybe Frank do not want to be question like this , son . JOHN okay , okay , okay ­ I know it 's none of my business . and besides , I know the answer . you want to play house , you get to have a job . you want to play very nice house , very sweet house , then you get to have a job you do not like . anyone come along and ask " whaddya do it for ? ' he 's probably on a four-hour pass from the State funny farm . all agree ...? ma ? Frank laugh . John smile he yellow grin . mr. giving sorry , Frank . frank do not be . I agree with everything you say , John . we both do . that 's why I be quit the job in the fall and we be take off . april we be move to Paris . John look over at he mother . JOHN do you know about this , ma ...? wow . how do you feel about that , ma ? the nice young wheeler be take off ! John burst into a painful bray laugh . it go on and on . Mrs. giving bring a hand to she brow - she 's on the verge of tear . 51 . mrs . giving ... John , please . mr. giving steady down , son . April look at Frank - the whole thing be in danger of go off the rail . frank how about some fresh air , John ? John stop laugh abruptly . he look to he parent . frank ( cont 'd ) if that 's all right with you ? mrs . giving I do not know if it 's a good idea . mr. giving ... if John want to , I do not see the harm . ext . countryside - day . Frank , April and John walk through the wood . the ground be freshly rain on and damp . the sun be bright . John button up he top button and pull he sleeve down over he hand . april I hear you be a mathematician . JOHN you hear wrong . it 's all go now . april all go ? JOHN you know what electrical shock treatment be ? 52 . april yes . yes I do . JOHN I have have thirty - seven . he push he hat back and turn he head at April . JOHN ( cont 'd ) see ? there be scar on he forehead . April can see they . JOHN ( cont 'd ) suppose to jolt out the `emotional problem . ' just jolted out the mathematics . april how awful . JOHN ( mimick ) ` how awful ... ' why , because mathematics be so vinterest ? ' april no. because the shock must be awful and ... well , because it 's awful not to be able to do what it be you want to do . I think mathematics be dull . John stare at April . he smile . JOHN I like you girl , Frank . frank I too . JOHN so , what do a couple of people like you have to run away from ? frank we be not run . 53. John come to a stop . JOHN and what 's in Paris ? april a different way of life . frank so maybe we be run ... we be run from the hopeless emptiness of the whole life here . JOHN the hopeless emptiness ? now , you have say it . plenty of people be on to the emptiness , but it take real gut to see the hopelessness ... wow . John continue walk . Frank and April watch he go . int . wheeler live room - dusk . Frank and April at the kitchen table . april you know , he 's the first person who seem to know what we be talk about . frank that 's true . maybe we be just as crazy as he be . april if be crazy mean live life as if it matter then I do not care if we be completely insane . ( beat ) do you ? frank no . april I love you so much . 54 . ext . wheeler house - day the small , attractive house bath in sunlight . int . midtown HOTEL restaurant - afternoon . Frank follow Bart pollock as he cut a swathe through a impressive midtown eatery . a small maitre D ' scuttle in front of they . Bart nod , point at well - wisher , and make a politician 's show of know the staff . bart pollock tell you something , Frank . I be a little sore at bandy for the way he 's keep you under a bushel all this year . this place okay , for you ? Frank smirk at the performance . frank this be just fine , sir . Fine . int . midtown HOTEL restaurant - later . Bart pollock sit across a expanse of white tablecloth grip a martini glass in one of he enormous paw . bart pollock one thing interest I , Frank , and one thing only : sell the electronic computer to the american businessman ... bart pollock ( cont 'd ) that 's why I be assemble a team . Men like you , not you average salesmen ... it will mean more money , and I get to be honest , maybe more of a time commitment . but you will be part of something exciting , wheeler ... Computers . frank well , sir , it sound exciting . 55 . bart pollock Bart ! frank Bart ... Frank look down at he plate . he can not help himself . frank ( cont 'd ) do you happen to remember a Earl wheeler ? Bart look at he blankly . frank ( cont 'd ) out of yonker ? bart pollock can not say that I do . relation of yours ? frank my father . he work at knox almost twenty year . bart pollock ( think ) Earl wheeler ... Earl wheeler ... frank no reason you would have hear of he . bart pollock well , I be sure he be a good man . Frank smile . look down . frank there 's something I should have mention earlier ... I be leave the firm . in the fall . bart pollock another outfit ? frank no , it 's not another outfit -- 56 . Bart hold up he hand . bart pollock now look , Frank . be it a question of money ? because if it be , there 's no reason we can not get together on a satisfactory ­ frank I appreciate that , but it 's not money . it 's more of a personal thing . bart pollock a personal thing ? I see . ( look down , clearly disapprove ) Frank ... let I tell you something my father tell I ... a man only get a couple chance in life . if he do not grab `em by the ball , it will not be long before he find himself sit around wonder how he get to be second rate . Frank 's face . frank I guess so . Bart let it hang . bart pollock so , do I a favor ... sleep on it . discuss it with you wife . because let 's face it : where the hell would any of we be without we wife , anyway ? on Frank 's face . bart pollock ( cont 'd ) and Frank , in all sincerity , if you do decide to join we , I believe it will be a thing you will never regret . ( more ) 57 . bart pollock ( cont 'd ) and I believe something else , too . I believe it would be a fine memorial to you dad . Frank find himself surprised by he welling up of emotion . int . knox build - evening . it 's late . Frank be sit in he cubicle over he dictaphone . Jack be long go . frank know what you have get , comma , know what you need , comma , know what you can do without , dash . that 's inventory control . he stub out a cigarette in a overflow ashtray . Close on he face . Maureen stop by Frank 's cubicle . she pretend to be surprised to see he . maureen oh , hi Frank . work late ? frank I get to dig myself out here . maureen I hear you be get promote . Frank shrug , no big deal . maureen ( cont 'd ) Big shot . I guess you dad would have be real proud , huh ? frank ( surprised she remember ) huh . yeah , I guess so ... maureen ( smile sweetly ) so ... ( more ) 58 . maureen ( cont 'd ) maybe I should buy you a drink or something ? you know ...? celebrate . Frank 's face . we do not know which way he will go . he smile . frank yeah . maybe . she smile . she can not quite believe it . maureen I will just get my coat . Frank sit there a moment longer , think . then he follow . int . wheeler family room - day . on a television . elmer fudd point a gun at bug Bunny , and pull the trigger . Frank frown into he french phrase book . Mike be watch the tv . April work a sewing machine with a cigarette burn beside she . Jennifer stand beside she hold a stuff giraffe and a list , which she read . jennifer I be go to take my doll carriage and my bear and my three Easter rabbit and my giraffe and all my doll and my doll house . april I think maybe we would give the doll house to madeline . jennifer no ! I do not want to give it to madeline . April have to stop to re-thread and she 's lose patience . 59 . april I already explain to you , the big thing be go to be hard to pack . Frank lower the book . he recognize she tone . jennifer but madeline can have my bear and my Easter rabbit - april no ! just the big thing . look. would not you rather go outside and play with Michael . jennifer I do not feel like it . april you have be inside all day . jennifer I do not feel like it ! april well , I do not feel like explain everything fifteen time to somebody who 's too bored and silly to listen ! Jennifer turn and run up the stair , upset . April let out a defeat sigh . she turn to the kitchen to see to the supper . steam rise from the vegetable . Frank stand in the entrance silently watch for a moment . frank what 's the matter ? april nothing . she carry a pot of steaming , overcooked vegetable to the sink , slop they into a colander . 60 . frank I do not believe you . do something happen today or what ? april nothing happen today that I have not know about for day and day . frank what ? april oh God , Frank , please do not look so dense . do you mean you have not guess or anything ? frank what be you talk about ? she finally stop and look at he . april I be pregnant , that 's all . beat as he absorb it . he 's totally blind -side . frank what ...? Jesus . she come over to he . april oh , Frank , I mean to wait until dinner to tell you , but I just - well , I have be pretty sure all week and today I go to the Doctor and now I can not even pretend it 's not true . frank ( still stunne ) Jesus ... how long ? april ten week . 61 . frank you do not say anything . april I think ... oh , I do not know what I think . he stare , still unsure how he feel . april ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , Frank . I be so sorry . frank I know you be . she look at he , with slight desperation . april we do not have to let this stop we . there be thing we can do . remember that girl at school I tell you about ...? as long as you do it before 12 week , it 's fine . he just look at she and he silence make she desperate . april ( cont 'd ) we have get to be together in this , Frank . otherwise nothing 's go to make any sense . frank okay . we will figure it out . he take she in he arm . frank ( cont 'd ) 12 week . so we have time . on Frank 's face ... slowly , he smile . april I love you Frank . frank ... I love you too . 62 . ext . long island SOUND beach - afternoon . a baking hot day . the sky be electric blue . radios play , child cry , dog bark . sunbather cover almost every inch of sand . we find Shep , milly , Frank and April with beach chair , cooler and umbrella . a child wrap in a towel sleep on milly 's lap . April wear a pair of dark glass , behind which she be think , think . shep so , Frank , how 's work ? they gonna survive without you ? frank actually ... something kinda funny happen the other day . I do some dumb little piece of work to get myself off the hook with bandy , and suddenly I be the Bright Young man . shep ( laugh ) that 's always the way , be not it ? frank it 's incredible . I knock this thing off in a couple of minute and now they want I to join they team of `specialist ' salesmen . shep moron . frank it would be funny , if they be not talk about so much damn money . April turn and look at Frank . Long and hard . if he can feel she look , he do not show it . 63. shep ( steal a glance at April ) so , you tempt ? frank ( shrug ) well , it 's kind of ironic , do not you think ? April suddenly stand up . Frank and Shep watch she walk down to the water 's edge . shep she okay ? Frank stare after she . ext . long island SOUND beach , water be edge - afternoon . April stand in the water stare out over the sea . the wave break against she ankle . whether it occur to she or not , she 's stare in the direction of Europe . Frank come up beside she . april I think you turn the job down ? frank ( shrug ) not yet ... it 's just a option , that 's all . with the money they be talk , thing could be different for we here . we could get a better place . Travel . April shake she head and drag on she cigarette . frank ( cont 'd ) look , the point be - we could be happy here . at least for a while . she stare out at the sea . 64 . frank ( cont 'd ) it be possible that Parisians be not the only one who know how to lead interesting life , April . she turn to he . april so you have make up you mind ? frank no. like I say , it 's a option . april ... and suppose you be right . you make all this money and we have this interesting life here . wo not you still be waste you life toil away at a job you find ridiculous ? just like you father . frank ( sharp ) maybe we let that be my business . april ( incredulous ) you business ? frank ( exhales ) it 's too hot for this . I be go to get wet . she just look at he . he walk into the ocean . she stand on the shore , watch he swim away from she . int . wheeler family room - night . April pace the family room . her hair be a defiant mess . she still wear she bathing suit under she clothes . Frank sit on the couch . the window be open , and most of the light be off . it 's a very hot night . 65 . april you do not want to go , do you ? frank come on , April . of course I do . april you do not ! because you have never try at anything . and if you do not try at anything you can not fail . frank what the hell do you mean I do not try ? I support you , do not I ? I pay for this house . I work ten hour a day at a job I can not stand . april you do not have to ! frank bullshit ! I be not happy about it . but I have the backbone not to run away from my responsibility ! april it take backbone to lead the life you want , Frank . he shake he head and get up . april ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? frank be it alright with you if I go to the bathroom ? she disgustedly twist out she cigarette , and immediately light another . int . wheeler bathroom - night . Frank splashes water on he face like a boxer between round . he look up at he reflection . 66 . he reach for a towel , but there be not one . he turn to the shelf behind he and pull down a fresh towel . something catch he eye . he reach to the back and retrieve a small brown paper package . he open it , he face slowly register what it mean ... int . wheeler family room - night . April wheel around as - Frank storm in , a rubber syringe in he hand . frank what the hell be you go to do with this ? april and what do you think you be go to do ? you be go to stop I ? frank you be damn right ! april go ahead and try ! he come at she across the room with the syringe in he hand . she move away . frank listen . listen to I . you do this - you do this and I swear to God I will - april you will what ? you will leave I ? be that a threat , or a promise ? he shake it in she face . frank when do you buy this , April ? I want to know ! 67 . april you know you really be be melodramatic about the whole thing . as long as it 's do in the first twelve week , it 's perfectly safe . frank that 's now April ! do not I get a say ? april of course you do ! it would be for you , Frank , do not you see ? so you can have time . like we talk about . frank how can it be for I if the think make my stomach turn over ? april then it 's for I ... tell I we can have the baby in Paris , Frank . but do not make I stay here . please . frank we can not have the baby in Paris . april why not ? I do not need everything we have here . I do not care where we live ! I mean who make this rule , anyway ? the only reason we move out here be because I get pregnant . then we have another child to prove the first one be not a mistake . I mean how long do it go on ? he turn away . april ( cont 'd ) Frank . do you actually want another child ? well , do you ? he will not answer . 68 . april ( cont 'd ) come on , tell I . tell I the truth , Frank . remember that ? we use to live by it . you know what 's so good about the truth ? everyone know what it be , however long they have live without it . no one forget the truth , Frank , they just get better at lie . so tell I : do you really want another child ? Frank turn towards she . frank all I know be what I feel . and anyone else in they right mind would feel the same way . april ( quiet ) but I have have two child . do not that count in my favor ? frank Christ ! the fact that you even put it that way ! you make it sound like have child be a punishment . april I love my child . frank and you be sure about that ? april what the hell be that suppose to mean ? frank April , you just say we daughter be mistake . how do I know you do not try to get rid of she , or Michael for that matter ? how do I know you do not try to flush we entire fuck family down the toilet ? 69 . april no that 's not true . of course I do not . frank but how do I know April ? april stop . please just stop , Frank . frank April , a normal woman , a normal sane mother do not buy herself a piece of rubber tub to give herself a abortion so she can , go live out some God damn fantasy . April 's face . frank ( cont 'd ) ( sober ) all I be say be you do not seem entirely rational about this thing ... and maybe we should get someone to help you think about it . april ... and the new job 's go to pay for that too ? frank April if you need a shrink , it will be pay for . obviously . April turn to the book shelf . her back to he . Frank wait , he heart beat quickly . april ... okay . I guess there be not much more to say , then , be there ? her eye be bright with tear . april ( cont 'd ) so I guess Paris be a pretty childish idea , huh ? 70 . everything hang on Frank 's answer ... frank I guess maybe it be . April close she eye . tear run down she cheek . he walk over to she , but he do not touch she . frank ( cont 'd ) we can be happy here April ... I can make you happy here . she cry quietly . frank ( cont 'd ) we have have a great few month . it do not have to end ... she turn to face he . frank ( cont 'd ) we be go to be okay . april I hope so Frank . I really hope so . int . wheeler live room - morning . Frank stand at the picture window watch ... April approach the child . she squat on the ground so she can be at they height and talk to they . Michael try to get into she arm . Jennifer turn away and walk sulkily across the grass . Frank look into he coffee cup . he do not look like a man who win a argument . int . knox waiting room - day . Frank sit smoking nervously in a oak - panele wait room . the door open behind he . he get to he foot . receptionist thank you for wait . Mr. pollock can see you now . 71 . he follow she through the door . the door close behind she . we see the scene in dumb -show through the glass door . Bart look up as Frank enter . a " I know it all along " smile spread across pollock 's face . he offer he hand to Frank . Frank smile thinly . they shake . jack ( o.s ) foil by faulty contraception . int . midtown restaurant - day . Frank , Ed , Vince and Jack sit in the same booth in the same crowded luncheonette . Frank stare out the window . the other can not contain themselves . ed I can not say I be sorry . vince would not have be the same without you . jack you would have be sorely miss in the old cubicle , I can tell you that . he raise he glass , drink alone . jack ( cont 'd ) besides which ... Frank look away from the window . frank what ? jack ... well , the plan always seem a touch unrealistic , do not you think ? Frank glare with barely contain fury . 72 . jack ( cont 'd ) I suppose , it 's none of my business , really . frank no . I suppose it be not . a beat . jack well , we will not be the only one glad to hear the news . they will be celebrate in the secretarial pool . Ed and Vince chuckle . Frank 's face . int . vito's log cabin - night . two drumstick spin in a spotlight . they click out a rhythm , and crash into a number . cut back to reveal a small , low -ceiling joint . on-stage be the Steve kovack quartet , four perspire middle - age man with day job . youngish couple , and the odd middle - age couple navigate the dance floor . a smatter of lose singles line the bar . the wheeler and campbell sit squash into a booth on the side of the dance floor . several empty glass have accumulate . milly be beat the edge of the table with red drink straw . she 's a few drink ahead . they have to shout over the music . milly hey ! remember the first time you bring we here ? you say , it take a special kind of taste to enjoy vito 's log cabin ! 73. shep it 's so awful it 's kinda nice ! milly that 's right ! they laugh at the old joke . then milly begin to weep . milly ( cont 'd ) ( dab at she eye ) look at I ...! I be just so happy . we little gang 's back together again ! she knock she drink back . the number finish . shep at least Europe 's not go anywhere . April stare out at the dance floor . Frank look at she . a new number start . frank wanna dance ? april I do not really feel like it . milly I will dance ! milly take he by the hand and pull he away . Shep and April watch . then Shep turn he attention to April . milly ( cont 'd ) ( tipsy ) guess April 's pretty blue `bout Paris , huh ? frank think she will be okay ? milly oh , sure . give we girl a couple of day and we can get over anything ! 74 . Frank turn he attention to milly . he 's a good dancer . his movement be fast and aggressive , he mind on April . milly be a little too drunk , and hurry to keep up , perspire through she dress . he spin she around and around , back and forth into he arm . milly begin to look slightly dizzy . milly ( cont 'd ) ... Frank . he do not hear she over the music , or he do not care . milly ( cont 'd ) Frank ... I ... frank ( sudden remorse ) you okay ? milly gee ... I be afraid I be not very ... her body spasm with the need to be sick . she turn and rush for the lady 's room . ext . vito's log cabin - night . Frank lead the way through the car . Shep support milly who be now fall down drunk . April walk alone a few pace behind ... they reach Shep 's car , which be trap behind several other car . shep of all the inconsiderate ... a beat . Frank look to April . 75 . april look - why do not you take milly home , then go home yourself and that would take care of both sitter . then Shep can take I home later . shep all right with I . frank ( to April ) you will be alright ? april sure . Frank hold April 's look a instant , then walk away with car key in hand . int . vito's log cabin - night . Steve kovack perform a exhaust , sweat - drench drum solo . April and Shep now sit alone in the booth . shep I be sorry you be not go away anymore . I know it be important to you . April distantly nod she thanks . shep ( cont 'd ) do not take this wrong ; I have be there and ... they do not have so much we do not have here . april it do not have to be Paris . Shep sip he beer , try to figure out how to connect with she ... shep you just want out , huh ? 76 . april I want in . I just want we to live again . Shep nod , not entirely sure what she mean . april ( cont 'd ) for year I think we share a secret ... that we would be wonderful in the world . I do not exactly know how , but just the possibility ... keep I hope . she take a long slug of she drink . april ( cont 'd ) how pathetic be that ? to put all you hope in a promise that be never make ? see , Frank know ... he know what he want . he 's find he place . he 's just fine . married , two kid . it should be enough . it be for he . he 's right ; we be never special or destine or anything at all . shep sure you be . you be the wheeler . you be a terrific couple , everyone say so . April do not hear , she 's pursue she think ... april I see a different life . I can not stop see it . ( beat ) can not leave , can not stay . ( beat ) no damn use to anyone . April turn and stare at he . the band strike up a new number . april ( cont 'd ) come on , let 's do it . 77 . int . vito's log cabin , dance floor - night . April and Shep dance . Shep can not dance well , but he 's try . April , on the other hand , be a wonderful dancer . she dance out as far as they join hand allow and do a little twitching , hip -bob curtsy before twist back , all seemingly effortless . it be joyous , release . int . shep be car - night . Shep slip behind the wheel and be immediately kissing she , grop . shep let I take you somewhere . april no. please . here . now . in the back seat . she climb into the back seat . he pull off he jacket and climb in after she . he fold the jacket under she head for a pillow ... she remain perfectly still , allow he to kiss she , to search under she clothing , to kiss she skin and finally , to lift she skirt and pull she clothing aside and make love to she against the vinyl seat cover ... as suddenly as it begin , it 's over . Shep collapse against she . April stare into the darkness . shep ( cont 'd ) April ... this be what I have always want ... I love you . april do not say that . shep I mean it , I love you . april please , just be quiet for a minute , then you can take I home . 78 . they begin to quietly assemble themselves . int . frank and april' bedroom - afternoon Frank stand at the mirror put on a clean shirt . int . wheeler kitchen / dine room - afternoon . April stand at the kitchen table chopping vegetable . she wear a unflatter floral dress . Frank stand in the doorway watch . frank it 's beautiful out . april yes ; it 's lovely . he glance at the calendar . frank you know what today be ? she do not look at he . frank ( cont 'd ) it 's twelve week . april that 's right . he walk over to she . he take she in he arm . she stiffen . frank look , this have be kind of a crazy summer . we have both be under a strain . I mean I know you be upset . april you know I be not sleep with you and you want to know why ? 79 . she look he straight in the eye . april ( cont 'd ) well , I be sorry Frank , but I do not really feel like talk about it . she pull herself free of he grasp . he watch as she add the vegetable in the pot on the stove . frank okay . what do you feel like talk about ? april would it be all right if we do not talk about anything ? can not we just take each day as it come , and do the best we can , and not feel we have to talk about everything all the time ? he smile patiently . frank I do not think I suggest we talk about everything all the time . my point be , we have both be under a strain and we ought to be try to help each other as much as we can right now . she 's utterly uninterested and it 's make he nervous . frank ( cont 'd ) I mean God know my own behavior have be pretty weird lately ... I mean , as it happen ... there be actually something I would like to tell you about ... she continue fold the napkin . frank ( cont 'd ) I have be with a girl in the city a few time . finally , she stop move . she look at he . 80 . frank ( cont 'd ) a girl I hardly even know . it be nothing to I , but she get a little carry away . she 's just a kid ... anyway , it 's over now . it 's really over . if I be not sure of that I guess I could never have tell you about it . april why do you ? frank ( relieved ) baby , I do not know . I think it be a simple case of want to be a man again after all that abortion business . some kind of neurotic , irrational need to prove something . april no . I do not mean why do you have the girl ; I mean why do you tell I about it ? he be suddenly unsure . april ( cont 'd ) I mean what 's the point ? be it suppose to make I jealous , or something ? be it suppose to make I fall in love with you , or back into bed with you , or what ? I mean what be I suppose to say ? he try that same patient smile , but it 's not convincing . frank why do not you say what you feel ? april I do not feel anything . frank in other word you do not care what I do or who I fuck or anything ? 81 . april no ; I guess that 's right ; I do not . she be frighteningly calm . april ( cont 'd ) fuck who you like . his panic mount . frank do not you see ... do not you see , I want you to care . april oh , I know you do . and I suppose I would if I love you . but you see I do not think I do anymore . and I only just figure that out . and that 's why I would just as soon not do any talk right now . she go back into the kitchen . Frank follow she . frank oh , now do not give I this shit ! you know God damn well you love I ! april you think so ?! frank you know GOD damn well ! mrs . giving ( o.s. ) yoo-hoo ! any one home ? Frank and April stare at each other , breathless . int . wheeler dine room - late afternoon . Frank and the giving ' sit with cocktail . it 's painfully awkward . move box be everywhere . april I be sorry dinner 's late . can I get anyone a refill ? 82. mrs . giving oh , do not worry . it 's nice just to sit for a bit and socialize ... you really do not need to go through all the trouble of cooking . I can see you have a lot to do with pack and what not . Frank look at April . she avoid he look . frank actually , there 's be a change of plan . mrs . giving oh ? John look up . Frank look at April . frank I think maybe it be obvious ... April 's pregnant . April manage a force smile . mrs . giving oh , April ! I can not tell you how pleased I be . oh , but I expect you will be need a bigger house , now , will not you ? JOHN hold it a second , ma. John get to he foot . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I do not get this . he fix Frank with the stare of a prosecute attorney . JOHN ( cont 'd ) what 's so obvious about it ? I mean okay , she 's pregnant ; so what ? do not people have baby in Europe ? 83. mrs . giving oh John , really . I do not think we need to -- John hold up a hand . JOHN I be ask the man a question . if he do not want to give I the answer , I be assume he will have sense enough to tell I so . frank suppose we just say that people anywhere be not very well advise to have baby unless they can afford they . JOHN ( nod slowly ) okay . okay ; it 's a question of money . money 's always a good reason ... John pace the room , with he hand behind he back like a detective at a murder scene . JOHN ( cont 'd ) but it 's hardly ever the real reason . what 's the real reason ? wife talk you out of it , or what ? he turn the force of he smile on April . JOHN ( cont 'd ) Little woman decide she be not quite ready to quit play house ? she walk across the room and stab out she cigarette . then immediately light another . JOHN ( cont 'd ) Nah , nah , that 's not it . I can tell . she look too tough . tough and female and adequate as hell . he swing around to face Frank . 84 . JOHN ( cont 'd ) okay , then ; it must have be you . Frank stare back defiantly . rage bubbling . JOHN ( cont 'd ) what happen ? mrs . giving John , please , you be be very -- John hold up he hand . JOHN what happen , Frank ? you get cold foot , or what ? you decide you be better off here after all ? you figure it 's more comfy here in the old hopeless emptiness after all , or -- Frank 's face . JOHN ( cont 'd ) wow , that do it ! look at he face ! what 's the matter , wheeler ? be I get warm ? Frank stare at John , he rage increase . Mr. giving get to he foot . mr. giving ( cont 'd ) all right , son . I think we would better be -- JOHN Boy ! he let out he bray laugh . April start to laugh . JOHN ( cont 'd ) Boy ! you know something ? I would not be surprised if you knock she up on purpose just so you could spend the rest of you life hide behind that maternity dress . that way you never have to find out what he 's make of . 85 . frank now look , I think that 's just about enough out of you . I mean , who the hell do you think you be ? you come in here and say whatever crazy God damn thing come into you head and I think it 's about time someone tell you to keep you God damn - mrs . giving he 's not well , Frank . frank not well , my ass ! I do not give a damn if he 's sick or well or dead or alive , he should keep he fuck opinion in the fuck insane asylum where they belong ! April stare at Frank . mr. giving let 's go , son . Mr. giving move John towards the door . Mrs. giving slowly stand . April be the only one leave seat . JOHN Big man you get there , April . he wink at April and put he hat on . JOHN ( cont 'd ) Big family man , solid citizen . I feel sorry for you . still , maybe you deserve each other . April 's face . JOHN ( cont 'd ) matter of fact , the way you look right now , I be beginning to feel sorry for he , too . I mean , you must give he a pretty bad time , if make baby be the only way he can prove he 's get a pair of ball . 86 . frank you ... fuck ..! Frank lunge at John . Mr. giving try to hold Frank back . Mrs. giving leap between they . she 's cry . mrs . giving he 's not well , Frank ! silence . Mr. giving slowly release Frank . he be breathe heavily . mr. giving all right , John . let 's get on out to the car now . he guide he from the room . mrs . giving I be sorry April , I be so sorry ... JOHN right ... sorry , sorry , sorry ! okay ma ? have I say ` sorry ' enough time ? I be sorry , too . damn ; I bet I be just about the sorriest bastard I know . course , get right down to it , I do not have a whole hell of a lot to be glad about , do I ? he take another step towards the door , then stop and turn back , laugh again . JOHN ( cont 'd ) hey , but I be glad about one thing , though . he point a yellow - stain finger at April 's stomach . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you know what I be glad about ? I be glad I be not gonna be that kid . they go out . Frank go to the liquor cabinet , pour a whiskey and drink it . 87 . April watch he from across the room . frank okay , okay , do not tell I . do not tell I ; let I guess . I make a disgusting spectacle of myself . right ? april right . he turn to April . frank and everything that man say be true . right ? be not that what you be go to say ? april apparently I do not have to . you be say it for I . he come towards she . frank but you be wrong . april why be I wrong ? frank because the man be insane . he 's fuck insane ! do you know what the definition of insanity be ? april what be it , Frank ? frank the inability to relate to another human be . it 's the inability to love . she look at he . then she begin to laugh . april the in -- the in ; the inabil ; the inability to -- 88. she reel around the room , she laughter increasingly out of control . april ( cont 'd ) oh . -- oh , Frank , you really be a wonderful talker ! if black could be make into white by talk , you would be the man for the job . so now I be crazy because I do not love you -- right ? be that the point ? frank no. wrong . you be not crazy and you do love I ; that 's the point . he take a step towards she . all the laughter go out of she face . she back away . april but I do not . in fact I loathe the sight of you . you be just a boy who make I laugh at a party once and if you come any closer , if you touch I or anything I think I will scream . he take she by the arm . frank oh baby listen -- she scream . High and shrill . her eye wide open , cold and perfectly calm . frank ( cont 'd ) fuck you , April . and fuck all you hateful , snotty little - she slip past he . he go after she . she pull a chair into he path . he sling it against the wall . 89 . april what be you go to do now ? be you go to hit I ? to show how much you love I ? frank oh , no , do not worry , I can not be bother ! you be not worth the trouble it would take to hit you . you be not worth the powder it would take to blow you up . you be a empty -- he begin to shake with anger . frank ( cont 'd ) you be a empty , hollow fuck shell of a woman . what the hell be you live in my house for if you hate I so much ? huh ? will you answer I that ? why the hell do you fuck I ? what the hell be you carry my child for ? he point at she belly . frank ( cont 'd ) why the hell do not you just get rid of it , when you have the chance ? because listen . listen : I get news for you . I wish to God you have . he stride out of the room . int . frank and april' bedroom - evening . Frank enter the bedroom and slam the door . he pace , slowly calming . he sit on the bed with he head in he hand ... his mind racing . then he 's on he foot again . he rush for the door . 90 . int . wheeler kitchen - evening . Frank enter , run , but the kitchen be empty . Frank run out of the room into live room . int . wheeler live room - evening the live room be empty . he go straight for the front door . ext . wheeler house - evening . Frank burst out the front and come to a stop . she 's across the street - climb unsteadily into the wood ... Frank break into a sprint . ext . wood - evening . April walk through the wood . Frank run up behind she , scramble through the muddy bracken . April wheel around . april do not come any closer . frank April , listen , I -- april do not come any closer . can not I even get away from you in the fuck wood ? he stop move . frank April , listen , I do not mean that . honestly ; I do not mean what I say . 91 . april be you still talk ? be not there any way to stop you talk ? I need to think . can not you see that ? she back up against a tree trunk , look down at he . frank please come back . what be you do out here ? april do you want I to scream again , Frank ? because I will , if you say another word ! I mean it ! Frank have no choice - they be outside . the neighbor would hear and call the police . he reluctantly back away , then turn back the way he come , glance over he shoulder as he go . int . wheeler family room - night . Frank stand at the window watch the section of wood where he leave April . then , he see she come back across the street . she walk around the side of the house . he turn and run into the kitchen . int . wheeler kitchen - night . Frank go to the window . he watch April walk up into the yard and stop against a tree . Frank pour a drink and take the bottle with he to the window . he look out , drink . in the darkness , he can make out the glow of April 's cigarette deep in the wood . int . frank and april be bedroom - night , later . Frank fall back on the bed . 92 . he 's now very drunk . his eye close as he slip into unconsciousness . int . frank and april' bedroom - morning . Frank wake alone . he look around the room . his head be throbbing . int . wheeler kitchen - morning . Frank stand in the doorway dress for work . he stare ... the kitchen have be tidy and be bath in sunlight . the table have be carefully set for two . April stand at the stove wear a fresh maternity dress . she seem serene . April turn and look at he . april good morning . frank good morning . he stand there freeze . april would you like scramble egg or fry ? frank oh . it do not really matter - uh ... scramble , I guess , if it 's easy . april Fine . I will have scramble too . Frank sit at the table . 93. int . wheeler kitchen - morning , moment later . Frank and April sit across the kitchen table , eat . for several moment , only the sound of they cutlery . frank it 's kinda nice have breakfast without the kid for a change . April reach out to pour he some orange juice . her hand shake slightly . april yes . I think you would probably want a good breakfast today . I mean it 's kind of a important day for you , be not it ? be not this the day you have you conference with pollock ? frank ( surprised ) yes . that 's right , yes . he shrug . frank ( cont 'd ) Big deal . april I imagine it be a pretty big deal ; for they , anyway . what exactly do you think you will be do ? you never have tell I much about it . frank have not i? well ... I think this whole thing be about knox get ready to buy up one of this really big computer , bigger than the ` 500 ' . do I tell you about that ? april no , I do not believe you do . 94 . frank well , you know -- basically it 's just a... a big , fast add machine . only ... he take a pencil from he inside pocket and delicately sketches the computer on the napkin . frank ( cont 'd ) instead of mechanical part , you see , it 's get thousand of little individual vacuum tube . she pick up the draw and look at it . it 's surprisingly delicate . april oh , I see . at least I think I see ; yes . it 's really sort of -- interesting , be not it ? frank well , I do not know , it 's -- yeah , I guess it be sort of interesting , in a way . april you should value what you do Frank . you be obviously good at it . he smile , flatter and surprised . he slip the pencil into the inside pocket of he suit . frank guess I would better be get start . he stand . April stand up too , smoothing she skirt . frank ( cont 'd ) listen , though , April ; this be really nice ... I mean it be a swell breakfast . really ; I do not know when I have ever have a -- a nicer breakfast . 95 . april thank you ... I be glad ; I enjoy it too . they stand there gaze at one another across the table . suddenly , inexplicably , he eye be fill with tear . he turn and walk to the door . he put he hand on the handle and turn back once more . frank then you do not -- you do not hate I , or anything ? april no ; of course I do not . she come over to he . april ( cont 'd ) have a good day . he lean down and kiss she tenderly . they look at one another a moment longer . frank okay , then ... so long . he step through the door . she catch the door before it shut and watch he through the screen . ext . wheeler driveway - morning . April walk out onto the driveway as the car reverse away down the drive . int . wheeler car - morning . Frank back the car onto the road . he slide the car into drive and then catch sight of April in the driveway . ext . wheeler driveway - morning . April see Frank look back at she . she wave . Frank wave from the car and drive off ... 96 . then April be alone . she shiver from the morning chill . she turn and look back at the house . int . wheeler kitchen - morning . April enter through the screen door and go to the table . she look down at Frank 's diagram and carefully place it aside . she carry the dish to the sink and begin to wash they . suddenly , she body convulse as she try to hold back from cry . and then there be no stop the tear ... int . wheeler hallway - morning . April be stand by the phone , with she hand on the receiver , rehearse . she be smoking . she dial . april hello ... milly ? everything all right ? my voice sound what ...? April use both hand to grip the receiver . april ( cont 'd ) well , no , I be afraid I be not feel any better ... if it 's not a inconvenience for you ... this evening would be great . what ...? oh , well - no , not if they be outdoors play . do not call they in . the cigarette shred in April 's hand . april ( cont 'd ) just give they - you know , give they each a kiss for I , and give they my love , and tell they - you know ... all right , milly . thanks . she hang up and begin to cry again . take a breath . 97 . int . wheeler hallway - morning . footstep ... we move behind April as she walk through the silent house . the distant SOUND of child play outside . each room she pass be a pocket of silence . int . frank and april' bedroom - morning . April make the bed . she arrange she shoe on the floor of the closet . April reach onto a shelf behind some clothes . pull out the brown paper package . int . wheeler kitchen - morning . April stand at the stove over a pot of roll , boil water . she remove the rubber syringe from its paper package and drop it into the pot . she check she watch . int . wheeler hallway - day . April carry the pot of boil , sudsy water down the hall . int . wheeler bathroom - day . April place the pot into the tub . she lay towel across the floor . and close the door ... int . wheeler bathroom - day , moment later . the SOUND of run water . the empty mirror . April 's face rise up into the reflection with a gasp . 98 . int . wheeler hallway - day . we move with April down the hallway , she face be pale . int . wheeler live room - day , later . now April stand at the picture window . she be shaking . a droplet of blood slide down she knee . she look down . on the floor , two droplet of blood appear between she bare foot ... now we see the bright maple leaf of blood seeping through she skirt . she be shaking more . she walk slowly out of the room , towards the kitchen . april ( o.s. ) I think I need a ambulance .... yes ... one one five Revolutionary Road . int . campbell kitchen - day . milly fold laundry . she look up to see - a ambulance turn into the wheeler 's driveway . her face cloud with instinctual forebode . int . hospital hallway - afternoon . Shep step out into a hospital hallway . Frank pace , helpless in the wait room , he face a mask of bewilder , childlike confusion . he look up to see - Shep come towards he . shep Frank ? they tell you what happen ? 99 . frank Jesus , Shep . I could not even understand half the thing he tell I . he say the fetus be out before they get she here . he say they have to operate to take out the whatdycallit , the placenta and now she 's still bleed . he say she would lose a lot of blood before the ambulance come , and now they be try to stop it , and he say a whole lot of thing I do not get , about capillary , and he say she 's unconscious . Jesus . shep how about sit down , Frank . frank what the hell do I want to sit down for ! shep okay . take it easy . frank my God . shep here , have a cigarette . Shep offer the pack . Frank do not take one . frank she do it to herself , Shep . Shep 's face as he realize what he 's say . frank ( cont 'd ) she do it to herself . Shep take a cigarette for himself . he light it with tremble finger . shep I will get some coffee . Frank look over at Shep as if he would forget he . he nod . 100 . Shep stand and walk down the hall . int . hospital - coffee machine - afternoon . Shep stand at a coffee machine , gather himself . he look up . he begin to feed coin into the machine . his hand be tremble . he drop a coin . it roll under the machine . he have to get down on he hand and knee to retrieve it ... int . hospital hallway - afternoon . Shep walk tentatively , hold a cup in each hand , slopping coffee onto the floor ... he round the corner and stop . Frank be no longer in he chair at the end of the long echoing hallway . Shep look around ... then suddenly , the double door be flung open and a number of nurse hurry out . behind they , come Frank , support by two doctor . Shep run to they as they move Frank over to a chair . he 's in shock . frank no. no. no. they try to make he sit , but he stay stubbornly on he foot , the chair skid behind he . doctor try to sit down , Mr. wheeler . shep sit down Frank . Frank look at Shep - he face be a terrifying blank . ext . revolutionary road - magic hour . a toyland of white and pastel house along the road . the crisp green lawn . the blue television flicker behind the glass . 101 . we hear the whisk of run footstep on the asphalt , the rush of a man 's breath ... Frank be run down the middle of the street , tear stream silently down he face ... int . campbell live room - evening , one year later . four high - ball glass with glisten cube of ice . Shep put the finish touch on four drink . mr. and mrs . brace , a pleasant look young couple fresh from the city sit on the couch . milly ... it be the worst experience of my life . such wonderful people . be not they Shep ? poor April . Shep pick up the drink and carry they across the room . he stand there beside the three of they , but he can not bring himself to sit down and join in . milly ( cont 'd ) Frank life in the city now . where be it he work ? shep Bart pollock associate . mr. brace Computers . interesting firm . Mr. brace remove he pipe and look at it . mrs . brace have you see he since ? milly no . too many memory , I think . Shep 's see he . in the city . Shep nod . 102 . milly ( cont 'd ) he 's just dedicated to that kid . every spare moment he have , he spend with they ... Shep turn and walk out of the room . ext . campbell house - evening . Shep walk across the lawn to the edge of the property . he look out over the suburban house . at what be once the wheeler house . Shep 's face , look out . his eye be fill with tear . milly come up behind he . milly you okay ? shep mm-hmm . she take he arm and hold he close . shep ( cont 'd ) I do not want to talk about the wheeler any more . milly okay . we do not have to . we do not have to . Shep and milly look out over Revolutionary Road . ext . CITY park - day . the same silence over a beautiful day in the city . and from the silence , the faint sound of wind through the leafy branch of tree . two child play in a playground in a small park . it 's Jennifer and Michael . they seem happy , engross . other kid play around they . 103 . watch they from a bench be Frank . he be a little older , a little thin . Close on Frank 's face . the SOUND of he child play . int . giving ' live room - day Mrs. giving crouch on a cotton work sheet painting varnish onto a chair . Mr. giving sit read the paper . a new puppy sleep curl up on the rug nearby . mrs . giving I can not tell you how pleased I be about the little Revolutionary Road place , Howard . remember how dreary it look all winter ? all cold and dark and -- well , spooky . creepy - crawly . and now whenever I drive past , it give I such a lift to see it all perk up and spanking clean again , with light in the window . and do you know , I be just think , I have love that little house for year , and the brace be the first really suitable people I have ever find for it . really nice , congenial people , I mean . Mr. giving fiddle with he hearing aid . mr. giving well , except for the wheeler , you mean . mrs . giving oh , I be very fond of the wheeler but they always be a bit -- a bit whimsical , for my taste . a bit neurotic . I may not have stress it , but they be often very try people to deal with , in many way . ( more ) 104 . mrs . giving ( cont 'd ) actually , the main reason the little house have be so hard to sell be that they let it depreciate so dreadfully . warped window frame , wet cellar , crayon mark on the wall , filthy smudge around all the -- Mr. giving reach up to he ear and suddenly ... silence ... but for the faint sound of wind . he gaze out the window as behind he Mrs. giving continue to talk , but we can not hear a thing . he have turn off he hearing aid . fade to black