richard jewell write by billy Ray base upon the article american nightmare : the ballad of richard jewell by Marie brenner and base upon the book the suspect by Kent Alexander and Kevin salwen this script be the confidential and proprietary property of Warner bros . picture and no portion of it may be perform , distribute , reproduce , use , quote or publish without prior write permission . full blue June 20 , 2019 warner bros . picture inc . '' 2019 4000 Warner boulevard warner bros . ent . burbank , California 91522 all rights reserved richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 1. fade in : on two FBI agent tom shaw and dan bennet , seat on the edge of a coffee table in this rural apartment , uncomfortably close to we -- stare at we . shaw okay , Richard . I be go to hand you this phone now ... Shaw be 45 . grim as hell , he dial a phone , hand it to we . we be : int . bobi 's apt . ( georgia ) - day ( 1996 ) richard jewell , seat opposite they on a sofa , eye the phone . he 's 34 , georgian , shy , stocky , unathletic ( and -- if this fed be right -- a killer , a mad bomber ) . shaw when you hear a beep on the other end , I want you to say into it , ' there be a bomb in Centennial Park . you have thirty minute . 's jewell I be sorry , what ? bennet we need a voice exemplar . like ya to say it a few time . shaw ' there be a bomb in Centennial Park . you have thirty minute . 's might be the only way to clear you name , Richard . jewell I wanna help you fella . I be law enforcement , too , same as you . shaw then you should know better than anyone else how evidentiary something like this could be . ( as jewell tighten ) ' there be a bomb in Centennial Park . you have thirty minute . 's might be the only way to clear you name , Richard . ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 2 . continued : it 's not a request . then , quietly -- steel himself . there Park . good . there Park . again series . the phone beeps . jewell take it , jewell ( into phone ) be a bomb in Centennial you have thirty minute . shaw again , please . louder . jewell ( into phone ) be a bomb in Centennial you have thirty minute . shaw in fact , let 's just doa jewell tighten , perspire . we push in on he as : there Park . there Park . there Park . there Park . there over black superimpose : isa you isa you isa you isa you isa jewell bomb have bomb have bomb have bomb have in Centennial thirty minute . in Centennial thirty minute . in Centennial thirty minute . in Centennial thirty minute . slam CUT to black . 10 year earlier -- 1986 -- atlanta , ga . fade in : int . U.S. SMALL business admin . - supply room - day jewell , 50 clipboard in hand , carefully catalogue aisle of pen , tape , etc . supplies be he domain . he wear a uniform top and khakis . richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 3 . int . U.S. SMALL business admin . - suite / bryant 's office - day jewell push he supply cart through the suite like a unseen shadow -- offer a shy smile to all he see . he 's just pass by some lawyer 's OPEN office door , when : -.. he hear half of a phone conversation from within -- that unseen lawyer shredd someone : unseen lawyer ( 0.s. ) I do not give a damn ! you be violate the most basic and sacred rights of business owner who do not have the mean to fight you ! so I be go to fight you . and I be go to bury you until you do right by she ! whoever this guy be , he 's fearless . jewell stay in place . unseen lawyer ( 0.s. ) listen , if you wanna threaten I , do it to my face . we be at 233 peachtree . 19th floor . c’mon by , we validate . ( then ; calmly ) good talk to you , too , Senator . Senator ? whoa . the call end , jewell frozen outside the door . he start to push he cart away , just as -- oh , no -- unseen lawyer , watson bryant , lean out of that office : bryant who be you ? Bryant be 35 , a Southern preppy in a three - piece suit . jewell tighten , catch . jewell I be Richard , sir . I be sorry I be listen . I do not want you to think I be rude . I be not like that . bryant you always start every sentence with ' I ’? jewell redden a bit , Bryant enjoy the guy 's torment . ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 4 . continued : jewell sorry . I be the supply room clerk . bryant good . I need some more to -- jewell -- second drawer of you desk , sir . tape and a new box of pen . huh ? Bryant cross to he desk , open the second drawer . tape await . and a new box of pen . he eye jewell . jewell saw you be run low . look in the next drawer down . Bryant open the bottom drawer . five snicker bar stare back at he . he study jewell , almost spook . bryant how would you know I like snicker ? jewell saw wrapper in you trash can . bryant Richard , from now on , you name be ' radar . 's that feel like a compliment . jewell half -smile ... int . arcade - day jewell fire a gun -- he stance professional , he focus singular and sober , he eye cold . bang ! bang ! but : the gun be plastic , and he 's fire at a video screen -- the only adult in this mall arcade fill with kide . down go a bad guy , then another . bell ring ! he 's just set a '' new record score ! '' kid in here turn . one of they ( jasper , 10 ) eye jewell : teach I ! please ! jewell ( still fire ) I leave the blue invader be . waste of ammo . jasper whoa . thanks ... ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 5 . continued : that 's jewell : a arcade hero . he glance to he right and freeze awkwardly -- just see someone enter : it 's Bryant , enter this same arcade -- a large soda from chick-fil - a in hand . Bryant pause , be not expect to see jewell here . but now he have look like a shit if he walk away , so ... he reluctantly drift toward jewell , who fire again . bryant Nice shoot , radar . come here often ? jewell it 's practice for my career in law enforcement , sir . apd , FBI . bryant what the hell would ya wanna do that for ? a instant distaste for authority . jewell note it . jewell believe in protectin’ people , sir . Bryant put coin in the neighbor machine , start fire . that fast , they be side - by-side , semi-competing . jewell I study the penal code every night . bryant be that so ? ( keep fire ) what 's the violation number for public intoxication ? jewell ocga 16 - 11 - 1 , sir . bryant ( mildly threaten ) domestic battery ? jewell ocga 16-5-23. jewell be rattling all of this off while kick Bryant 's ass in the video game . ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 6 . continued : ( 2 ) bryant you be pretty methodical . jewell I do like to go from a to B to C to D . this go from a straight to D and argue over everything , I say no . Bryant 's game end . jewell throw a quick look at Bryant 's score , try to be charitable . jewell that 's pretty good , for a first time . bryant first time ? ya know what ? Bryant reach into he pocket , pull out EIGHT quarter , slam they down . a challenge . jewell note they . jewell they only gimme a half - hour for lunch , sir . bryant you can say you be with I . he pump another quarter into the machine . game on . we drop -— outside the arcade looking in on they -- two '' grow man '' in a video shootout . love it ... int . U.S. SMALL business admin . - law library - night jewell , no cart tonight , drift through the stack -- law book , criminal code . then he stop : jewell mister Bryant ? reveal Bryant , at a table , read . he look up , annoyed . bryant yes ? ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 7 . continued : jewell I be not gonna be workin’ here anymore . come t’say bye. ( off Bryant 's surprised ) I get a new job in security . start tomorrow . bryant that 's great , radar ! it 's law enforcement , like you want . jewell yeah . my mom 's take I out tonight to buy some neckty and stuff . gotta dress right . bryant I suppose you do . jewell goin 's to t.j. maxx . anyway , thanks . for everything -- he start toward Bryant , who tighten . be he go to hug I ? ask I to adopt he ? Bryant brace -- but jewell simply lay something on the table -- a snicker bar . Bryant stare at it . jewell saw you be run low ... jewell 's shy , odd kindness again . Bryant eye he . bryant ya get enough money , Richard ? for all that neckty you need ? jewell I guess . Bryant extract he wallet and pull out a $ 100 bill . jewell 's eye go wide . Bryant hand the $ 100 to jewell . jewell I do not underst -- bryant this come with a quid pro quo . ya know what that be ? jewell yeah , Latin . this for that . ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 8 . continued : ( 2 ) bryant that 's right . Fair exchange . so , here it be : when you get you badge -- and I can see that day be come -- do not become a asshole . jewell huh ? why would I become a ... bryant a little power can turn a person into a monster , Richard . do not let that happen to you . understand ? jewell have no idea how to respond . Bryant just stare . jewell I 's all get this back to you , sir . first paycheck . I promise . Bryant breathes out a disappointed / ironic smile , well aware that nothing he say have sink in . int . piedmont college - dormitory - hallway / room 201 - afternoon ( 1996 ) tight shot of a cop : badge . maglite . nightstick . danner apb police boot . taser . sidearm . serious shit . he be : jewell , 10 year later , the most serious campus cop ever , scowling he way down a dormitory hallway toward a room . superimpose : 1996 -- piedmont university . demorest , ga . he rap on room 201 's door with he nightstick . we hear the shatter of a bottle within . and drunk laughter as : student # 1 ( 0.s. ) you dumbass ! student # 2 ( 0.s. ) I get flustered ! get the door ! they crack up . jewell rap again ; do not think drink on campus be funny . at all . the door open , but -- student # 1 see jewell and shut the door again . we hear : student # 1 ( 0.s. ) it 's that rent a cop ! ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 9 . continued : student # 2 ( 0.s . ) shit ! a beat . jewell wait . the door open again ... and : student # 1 yes , Officer ? jewell do not speak -- just push the door open with he nightstick , very clint eastwood ... then enter . silence . the break bottle of scotch lie on the floor . he note the Beer poster on the wall . shake he head , brushes aside a chunk of wet glass with he police boot . and the kid lose it , laugh aloud . jewell really hate that . he get in Student # 1 's face , too close : jewell somethin 's you want t’say ? student # 1 yes , be you familiar with the notion of unlawful search and -- jewell -- keep push I . keep testing I . see if you like where it get you . jewell lean in . Student # 1 step back , but slip and fall backward to the floor . thump . he 's unhurt -- but jewell be instantly panicked : I almost hurt someone . silence hang . the kid do not know what to do . jewell try to cover with bravado , but it 's a act : jewell I tell you , no drink on my campus . remember ? now get up . int . piedmont college - cleere 's office - day jewell sit opposite dr . W. ray cleere , 60 , the president of this college . cleere study jewell 's thick file . cleere I do not know why no one call my attention to you file before . all this complaint about you . physically assault a student . and have you really be pull people over on the highway ? ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 10 . continued : jewell yes , I have , sir . figure if you do drunk test on the road , the trouble never get to the campus . cleere we do not have any jurisdiction on the highway . jewell I believe in law and order , sir . can not have a country without it . cleere ( be : file ) you be dismiss from the habersham County sheriff 's Office ? jewell -- you say you do not want any mickey - mousing on you campus . cleere when do I say that ? jewell founder 's Day , last year . remember , sir ? by the punch bowl . I introduce myself and tell you I be gonna be the best campus officer you ever see . you say , ' that 's fine . I do not want any mickey - mousing on this grounds . 's jewell take out he official notepad , open it : jewell ' no mickey - mousing on this grounds . 's see ? you say it . now , what about the kid in that dormitory , drinkin’ and everything ? you just gonna let that go on ? cleere do you want to resign -- or would it be better if I fire you ? ext . rifle range ( atlanta ) - day meet dave dutchess blast away with a deer rifle . jewell 's in the next lane with a rambo- worthy sig -400 assault rifle . ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 11 . continued : dutchess it be a shit job anyway , hassling college brat . ' side , there 's gonna be so much security work the next couple month , you be set . jewell I work hard at that job . that kid be just runnin’ wild . dutchess Olympic be comin’ , brother . you can police the whole world ! ext . unnamed alley ( atlanta ) - night a dead man lie in a alley . stab wound all over he . kathy scrugg eye the body dispassionately . she 's 35 , beauty - pageant pretty . blonde hair , blue eye . brassy , sexy , and profane . also a dogge and prolific reporter . kathy first dead body ? beside she be a young photographer who just might vomit . but Kathy look gleeful , breathe in the ugliness . kathy this part be crucial . it 's call the homicide High - step . she straddle the body carefully , respect the crime scene . kathy do not worry . I have get a gun in my glove compartment . that do not help . Kathy use a pen to peel back the victim 's coat , revealing a disembody finger . kathy yep . pinkie come clean off . that happen in stabbing sometimes . photographer swallow a gag . Kathy love that . young photographer be not there something pre-olympic we could be do right now ? ( continued ) 10 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 12 . continued : 9 kathy honey , there 's 1ll be 15,000 reporter in town to cover the Games . should not somebody tell this poor shithead 's story ? young photographer not much for sentiment , I guess . kathy his disaster could be you opportunity . now click away . just then , a squad car pull up . and two cop get out ... not surprised to see that Kathy have beat they here . kathy fellas ! what take y’all so long ? int . ajc build - 8 th floor - newsroom - day 10 welcome to the atlanta journal - constitution ( the '' ajc '' ) . busy . tense . a mount digital clock be count down : 2 day , 4 hour , 6 Minutes , 32 second , 31 , 30 ... until the lighting of the torch . and this paper be ready as -- Kathy storm through the newsroom toward brandon hamm . hamm oh , shit . what have he assign you ? kathy the ' celebration at Centennial Park ! 's woo-hoo . something finally happen in this city and I get a Kenny Rogers concert ! hamm could be worse . could be equestrian . kathy I be get my tit do . soon . hamm not sure how that apply here -- kathy by this time next year we be all gonna be scramble for job on tv . maybe a c-cup ? ( continued ) 10 11 12 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 13 . continued : 10 she do a mini-shimmy . a few female reporter two desk away look on disapprovingly . hamm smile . hamm I would miss you , Kathy . even if they would not . kathy ( loud ; at the woman ) Girls , I be sorry all my hot - ass murder keep knock you boring bullshit off the front page ! ( at hamm ) wanna get a drink ? hamm I have only slow you down . she walk away . hamm grin . int . FBI field office ( atlanta ) - office - same time 11 Tom Shaw be seethe . glaring . just get assign to : shaw ' Centennial Park 's ? what the fuck ! int . bryant 's law office - reception / office - morning 12 a cramped reception desk manned by nadya light : lovely , fierce , jewish , Russian -born , have a mini tv on she desk . to she right be a copier in a closet . to she leave be -- Bryant , in a tiny office , wear hiking short and a polo shirt , he recede hairline hide under a ball cap . reading a novel . his view be a brick wall . no more U.S. small Business admin . no more 3 - piece suit . a sign on he credenza read , '' I fear government more than I fear terrorism . '' what happen to he ? something 's off here . nadya lean in -- she 's get a great Russian accent : nadya Watson , we be out of toner . bryant okay . she wait for he to understand . he do not . ( continued ) 12 13 14 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 14 . continued : 12 nadya if I go out , you will have to answer the phone . bryant oh. I x11 go , then . thank you . nadya there 's a sale at the Walmart . ten percent off if you can name anyone from the U.S. Olympic team . bryant ( reflex - grumpiness ) Jesus . nadya I know : people smile for sixteen day . it 's go to be awful . bryant no , it 's go to be wonderful . for coca -cola , CNN ... and anyone with a parking lot . out he go . ext . bobi 's apt . bldg . - parking lot / ground - day 13 a huge , empty parking lot , ringed by low - rent two -story structure and wood . a half -empty , brush - fill swim pool sit close by the highway . int . bobi 's apt . - live room / kitchen - morning 14 we have be here before . a plaque say , '' a Home without a Dog be just a House . '' a portrait of jewell ( ina habersham county deputy sheriff 's uniform ) hang on the wall . jewell , in a polo shirt with a AT&T logo on the front -- ( '' security '' across the back ) eat a donut while watch a tv report on michael johnson , World 's fastest human . barbara '' bobi '' jewell , mom , be baking five pound cake , a side business . her dog brandi hover . bobil ( from the kitchen ) can you believe it 's really here ? a Olympic ! in we city ! ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 15 . 14 continued : 14 jewell ( from the sofa ) this be it , momma . my one moment in time . I prove myself , somebody 's 11 make I a cop again . bobil that 's right , baby . bobi hobble ( bad foot ) to the sink . jewell drift in . jewell I be think . I be not gonna move out ' till after you have have you surgery . you might need I around . would that be all right ? bobil you get goin 's now . we can tend to all that when the Games be over . but none of that heavy foot of yours drive there . no heavy foot ! jewell I will not , mar ’am . I will not , mother . bobil ' Cause why ? jewell ' Cause wherever I be goin 's it 'il still be there ten minute later . bobi that 's right . give momma a kiss . he obey . bobi smile . then , a moment of doubt -- jewell it be law enforcement , be not it ? even if I be just guardin’ a bunch of stereo equipment . bobil heck , yes ! you be still a good guy wardin’ off bad guy , be not ya ? richard ok mama , I 'il see you at the park . jewell smile ; bobi 's he rock . he start to head out . 15 16 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 16 . flame 15 nearly blinding US ... reveal : NBC 's broadcast -- muhammad ali lighting the Olympic torch with a entire stadium cheer . intercut with : beautiful overhead shot pageantry . the Games of Atlanta , 1996 , have begin . then -- ext . centennial park ( atlanta ) - night ( establishing ) 16 firework light up a night sky over this park . it be the place to celebrate . every night of this game . 60,000 people on 21 acre rimmed by downtown high -rise . a giant neon coca - cola sign atop the tallest of they . fountain spurt water into the air ; kide run through . joy. pride . and kenny rogers in concert ! people dance , sing , pose for picture . shirtless man , girl in tank top . a hot , sexy night , America host the world . a guy call out -- guy party of the century , baby ! bobi laugh as she sing along with '' the gambler '' on stage . clap . so much fun . the stage be run from a SOUND and light tower 100 foot away -- 5 storey of steel , cover with white plastic siding . kide gather here , on bench , swapping olympic pin . but we do not see much security . Gates be unmanned . the entry be porous . target everywhere , unprotect . Tom Shaw be here . so bored . and angry about it . he spot Kathy scrugg , equally bored . head over . shaw hello , Kathy . ( continued ) 16 17 18 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 17 . continued : 16 kathy welcome to the happiest place on Earth ! Fucking nightmare . be not there anything crime -y goin’ on anywhere ? shaw Hell if I know . I be here . kathy Christ . wanna dance ? shaw Love to , but I be on duty . kathy fuck duty . she start to dance up against he . he grin . int . AT&T SOUND and light tower - stairwell/3rd floor - 17 same time jewell , in he security guard shirt , lug video equipment up stair behind NBC cameraman , into : cameraman anywhere 's fine . thanks , man . jewell no trouble . you need anything else up here ? several tech be busily work . they wave , no thanks . int . AT&T SOUND and light tower - stairwell - moment 18 later jewell descend ... to find two other security guard ( rob and lonny ) scrawling graffiti on the stairwell step . jewell what be you guy do ? rob leavin 's we mark . here 's what they write : '' welcome to the coca-cola Olympic ! '' and '' american by birth , Southern by the Grace of God . '' ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 18 . 18 continued : 18 jewell first Olympic the South 's ever have and you guy do that ? do not you folk teach you any better ? ( as they shrug ) life 's tough . tougher when you be stupid . 19 ext . AT&T pavilion - SOUND and light tower - night 19 Music blare . jewell stand guard , vigilant and alert . a pregnant woman walk by . jewell 's reaction be instant : jewell do you need some water , mar ’am ? pregnant woman hmmm ? jewell Water ? it 's a warm night . he reach under a bench where he cooler sit . Inside , water and coke on ice . he grab one of each . pregnant woman you be just give ‘em away ? jewell I keep ‘em here for pregnant woman and police officer . she take the water , a bit suspect of he boy-scoutness . pregnant woman thanks . jewell have a good night . 20 ext . centennial park - near the stage - same time 20 Music rock . Kathy dance , tipsy / sexy ... Shaw be a few foot away , try to scan the crowd . kathy why so grim , big guy ? shaw ' Cause I be bored . ( continued ) 20 21 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 19 . continued : 20 kathy we be all bored . shaw yeah , but I be bear for better ! Kathy laugh , keep dance . ext . centennial park - grassy knoll - same time 21 Three atlanta PD cop ( max GREEN , mike silver , and will jone ) grouse with bill miller of the Georgia Bureau of investigation ( gbi ) . jewell approach , hand they each a coke . they nod , as : silver all this athlete complainin’ ' bout gettin’ to they venue late on account of the traffic , and I be thinkin’ , ' what about the cop ? we can not get anywhere , either . 's jone I be half - ready to run my siren last night just so I could get to the supermarket , so damn crowded . people amble past -- the cop barely pay attention . miller it 's just poor plan by the Olympic Committee . there be not a one of they jake - leg have get a damn clue about traffic pattern . GREEN ( know already ) whadda you think , Richard ? you think that committee 's a buncha jake - leg ? jewell I do not know . they get a heckuva job to do , coordinate all this . and marta , do not forget . I be glad I do not hafta do it . ( as the cop chuckle ) what ? it 's tough to get all this logistic right all the time . GREEN shit , Richard , they be not listen in on we . ( continued ) 21 22 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 20 . continued : 21 they laugh . then something turn jewell 's head : a white male , bear a backpack , walk by we -- long hair , tattoo beneath a tank top , and sunglass . something about he -- and that backpack ... jewell hey , any 'a you - all ever see that guy before ? the cop shake they head , unalarm . jewell think . jewell that backpack look funny to you ? GREEN funny how ? jewell do not reply , just drift toward the white male . the cop laugh . we stay with jewell -- pass through : ext . centennial park - crowd - continuous action 22 no one 's on stage ; '' macarena '' play over loudspeaker , the concert crowd dance . but not jewell . his eye be rivete on that white male , bear that backpack through the thick crowd . +.. right past Kathy . and Shaw . --. jewell get closer , White male reach the barrier near the stage . now jewell know something 's wrong . White male take off he backpack , start to unzip it . time to move . now . jewell push past people in the crowd . White male pull a Beer from the backpack . then another beer , then two more . oh. jewell freeze . the White male turn to he friend and surprise they with beer . jewell realize he be wrong , be embarrassed . dissolve to : 23 24 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 21 . int . bobi 's apt . —- jewell 's room / live room - afternoon 23 jewell sit on he bed , ill today -- nauseous , pale , and sweaty -- wear he AT&T security shirt . bobi watch more Olympic coverage : tom brokaw of NBC . bobil my , he be handsome . you do not want a sandwich or anything , baby ? jewell naw , I do not feel well , momma . my stomach . bobil somethin 's you eat ? jewell guess so . bobil why you eat at that place ... he eye this tiny apartment , angry at himself ... bobil what , baby ? jewell nothin’ . just ... World owe you better and this , momma . bobil World owe we both . but this be what we get . now go do you job . bobi pull he close . ext . centennial park - AT&T SOUND and light tower - night 24 another 60,000 - person party , like a Olympic town Square . on stage , jack mack and the heart attack be play . jewell stand he post at the tower , nearly double over from cramp . Officer Green kid he about it : GREEN this could be a good thing . jewell yeah ? how ? ( continued ) 24 25 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 22 . continued : 24 GREEN we could bring you out to the diving venue and have you fart the chinese National anthem . ( as jewell 's a blank ) why do not you switch shift with someone ? go home ? jewell this be my favorite band . I be okay . GREEN Jack mack be you favorite band ? jewell I all be fine . the raucous crowd cheer . feel like the whole world be celebrate . jewell run off , hurt -- as we : a family drift by : the braden -- mom , dad , jerrod ( 8 ) , mariah ( 6 ) . a cotton-candy dream of a night for they . mariah ( gymnastic leap ) look , mommy ! I be kerri strug ! mr . braden ( dad ) hold it ! do that again . he grab he video camera . mariah happily perform . Mom and dad beam , just a few foot from jewell 's bench . we see the video they 're shoot -- dark , grainy . then : ext . AT&T pavilion - moment later 25 jewell , in knot , cramping , run up to Bill Miller of gbi : jewell I will be back . miller go ! Miller chuckle . jewell run for a restroom -- +.. right past Tom Shaw , who be ever-watchful ... as : outside the sound and light tower -- mariah ham it up for the camera . her brother jerrod , too , stag-leaping , as : ( continued ) 25 26 27 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 23 . continued : 25 jerrod look , dad ! I be Mitch gaylord ! dad , right in front of jewell 's bench , tape it all . ext . centennial park - ground - same time 26 jewell hurry through the crowd -- pass a gay couple , two muslims , a sikh , a mix -race couple kissing . foreign language in the air . a Beer get spill on he shirt by drunk partier who do not even notice . jewell tighten and continue along , invisible among the music , the energy , the joy . ext . AT&T SOUND and light tower - minute later 27 Little jerrod do another stag-leap beside he sister . mr . braden okay . enough gymnastics ? he head toward they ... we notice something , unattend : a military backpack lay under jewell 's bench . it 's big , olive green . ( the Army call they alice pack . ) mariah just notice it . she drift toward it , curious ... reach out to touch it as -- jewell ( 0.s. ) ' scuse I . jewell , return to he post . Mrs. Braden look up -- mrs. braden ( mom ) mariah ! you leave that alone . it be not yours to play with ! mariah stiffen . jewell smile at she . jewell better listen to you mar . mariah obey . jewell now a foot from the alice pack as : sound echo from the fence behind the AT&T tower : drunken laughter and bottle breaking . jewell head around the tower . we follow ... to find : ten drunk teens throw empty beer bottle at the back of the sound and light tower . laugh . ( continued ) 27 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 24 . continued : 27 jewell hey , y’all gotta stop doin’ that . they regard he : a heavyset guy in a AT&T shirt . drunk teen # 1 what be you gonna do , cancel my phone service ? his buddy laugh . a tv camera crew pass by . the drunk holler , try to get the crew 's attention . drunk teens # 2 put we on tv ! the crew ignore they . jewell stay on task : jewell the cop be not gonna ask as nicely . they get you for drunk and disorderly , that 's cuff anda night in the lockup . drunk teen # 2 they would have to catch I first . which be not gonna happen . jewell oh , yeah ? drunk teen # 3 I be Michael Johnson , world 's fastest man . wanna see my medal ? more huge laugh . this be a goner . jewell turn -- walk back around the tower toward Bill Miller of gbi . jewell hey , I get some drunk back there break bottle on the tower . maybe they 's 11 listen to you . ( as Miller groan ) people respect a badge . Miller go ... which be when jewell stop ... and notice -- that alice pack under he bench . it 's big . very . he study it , he face blank -- then call out to Miller : jewell and see if any of ‘em leave a backpack under my bench . ( continued ) 27 28 29 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 25 . continued : ( 2 ) 27 miller what be it with you and backpack ? jewell shrug , regard the alice pack . Miller go ... int . 9-1-1 call CENTER - night 28 a slow night -- as a 9-1-1 operator take a call : 9-1-1 operator # 1 ( into headset ) 9 - 1 - 1 . she hear a male voice through a baffling device : male ( v.o. ) ( through headset ) can you understand I ? 9-1-1 operator # 1 ( into headset ) yes. male ( v.o. ) ( through headset ) you defy the order of the militia . 9-1-1 operator # 1 ( into headset ) what ? click . Operator shrug , annoyed . back to work . ext . centennial park - AT&T SOUND and light tower - night 29 jewell stare at that alice pack . the concert be just b.g. noise now . he check he watch as Miller return : miller it be not theirs . jewell no ? Miller shake he head . they look around : thousand of people out here , dance . but no one close enough to belong to that backpack . jewell okay . we get a suspicious package . better call it in . ( continued ) 29 30 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 26 . continued : 29 Miller eye it , unalarm . but jewell seem so sure ... miller probably just somebody run off drunk and forget they leave it . jewell yeah . let 's call it in anyway . miller should not we unzip it and see what 's in there first ? jewell I would not . there 's a protocol . Miller step toward it ... but the closer he get to the alice pack , the bigger it look . so he stop , irritate . miller Son of a bitch have to get leave under you bench , do not it . he grab he radio . jewell approach Green of apd : jewell we get a suspicious package -- need to clear this people out . GREEN hang on , hang on . what package ? jewell nod toward the alice pack . Green eye it . GREEN probably nothing . jewell yeah , but ... need a perimeter . GREEN shit , Richard . could be just fill with Beer ? jewell it be not beer . I know it . jewell eye that tower -- the alice pack sit up against its base -- and he head inside . Green sigh . int . SOUND and light tower - 1st floor - moment later 30 jewell rush in to the SOUND room where four tech barely look up from the board . ( continued ) 30 31 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 27 . continued : 30 jewell we have a situation downstairs . need you guy to get out of here . SOUND tech # 1 what kinda situation ? jewell a suspicious package in front of the tower . Law enforcement be aware of it and on the scene . SOUND tech # 2 well , if the cop tell we we have to go , we will go . ( as jewell eye they ) Band 's in the middle of a set . we can not just shut down . jewell I come back here , there will be no question , no hesitation . you be just gettin’ the hell out , yeah ? everyone nod . he count the head in the room . four . ext . AT&T SOUND and light tower - bench - same time 31 the 10 drunk teens eye the alice pack , no idea that it 's the reason the cop need a perimeter . drunk teen # 1 I think we should take it . drunk teen # 2 fuckin 's A. drunk teen # 1 I think we should take it to the House of blue , and see if there 's anything in it we can sell . drunk teen # 3 clutch idea . drunk # 1 reach down , grab the alice pack -- silver ( 0.s. ) hey ! you leave that alone and get out of here ! drunk # 1 release the alice pack . but in the process he move it without meaning to so it 's no longer sit up . 32 33 34 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 28 . int . SOUND and light tower - 3 th floor - same time 32 cameraman and a teen intern here . jewell enter . jewell need you to clear out . get a bomb scare in front of the tower . that get the Teen 's attention , fast . he stand . cameraman we get bomb threat all the time in d.c . they be never anything . teen intern cool for you . but I be outta here . the kid leave . cameraman grab he camera , follow . ext . ajc build - bus stop - same time 33 Kathy sit on a wall , await a shuttle bus . bore . ron martz ( former Marine , fellow reporter ) come by . martz local cop discover yesterday that he 's actually second - cousin with a Polish gymnast . be that a story ? kathy do not get I hard . martz I know . I neither . Kathy shake she head . ext . AT&T SOUND and light tower - moment later 34 jewell emerge , see Silver of apd . the concert in b.g. jewell get eleven people still inside . silver you know this be a false alarm . jewell smile thinly as a bomb diagnostic team arrive . two guy , zoeller and forsythe , in short , as : 35 36 37 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 29 . int . 9-1-1 call CENTER - same time - 12:58 am 35 another call come in : 9-1-1 operator # 1 ( into headset ) 9- 1-1. same male voice -- this time pinching he nose : male voice ( v.o. ) ( through headset ) there be a bomb in Centennial Park . you have thirty minute . click . he hang up . huh ? operator # 2 punch something into she computer , then turn , confuse , to operator # 3 : 9-1-1 operator # 2 do you know the address to Centennial Park ? I just get this man talk about there 's a bomb set to go off in thirty minute in Centennial Park . but the computer will not process it . 9-1-1 operator # 3 what ? Lord , child . you spelling it wrong . it 's c-e-n-t-e-n ... ext . baker STREET - same time 36 a man wear a fisherman 's hat , he back to we , hang up the receiver at a bank of 10 pay phone and walk away ... ext . centennial park - AT&T SOUND and light tower - same 37 time alice hawthorne and she daughter fallon ( 14 ) be beside the sound and light tower -- fallon pose for a picture . jewell approach , calm but firm : jewell folk , need you to move away from the tower , please ... huh ? Alice look around , see officer Green , Silver , Jones , and Miller quietly move people away . odd . fallon I be get tired , Mom . ( continued ) 37 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 30 . continued : 37 alice hawthorne I , too . let 's take the last of this picture and go home . off they go , unfaze . no one out here look alarmed . jewell approach partier on a knoll behind the tower . jewell need you folk to clear the area , please . need a perimeter here . GREEN you go , Richard ! jewell keep at it . we drift toward the bench , where -- bomb-team - guy Zoeller lie on he back , look at the alice pack with a penlight . open the flap , slowwwwwwly . three pipe inside . and wire . a bomb . oh , fuck . Zoeller freeze , then inch away from the bomb , he arm never move from that same position -- get to he partner , fast . jewell notice . they all do . jewell they tell we in training : ' you ever see a bomb guy go pale , run . 's GREEN amen , brother . Zoeller and forsythe consult in hushed tone ... jewell and the cop drift in . then Zoeller turn : zoeller we have three pipe bomb inside that pack , big as I have ever see . I want a hundred - foot perimeter clear immediately . oh . the cop eye one another . miller you guy get a bomb blanket or -- ? forsythe the render - safe team can be here in 20 minute . he step away to radio it in . everyone stand still . ( continued ) 37 38 39 40 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 31 . continued : ( 2 ) 37 miller Richard , I be never givin 's you shit about anything ever again . GREEN you say it , bubba . silver let 's just go to work . the cop find a different gear now , fan out urgently . jewell have one think : the people inside that tower . int . SOUND and light tower - 1st floor - moment later 38 jewell burst in . the same tech be at the soundboard . jewell you guy gotta get outta here . now . ( as everyone freeze ) we have get a bomb . now . Three guy head out . a FOURTH guy try to gather a bunch of videotape . jewell pull he away . jewell y'hear ? down the stair ! go ! fourth guy head for the stair . we return to : int . SOUND and light tower - 5 th floor - moment later 39 jewell burst in , find a guy working a spotlight . jewell we be evacuate . go. spotlight guy start to power he equipment down -- but jewell grab he , push he to the door . jewell go ! push he into the stairwell -- shot continuing -- where jewell look down , count 11 people descend ... ext . centennial park - statue - same time 40 Alice hawthorne pose for a shot in front of a brass statue . her daughter fallon frame it up . ( continued ) 40 41 42 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 32 . continued : 40 fallon smile ! Alice smile . fallon take the picture . but : alice hawthorne I blink . take another one ! fallon lift the camera again ... ext . centennial park - the crowd — same time 41 people dance , party . ext . AT&T SOUND and light tower / pavilion - moment later 42 urgent movement . cop shout , people move back . Tom Shaw be part of the effort now . jewell emerge from the sound and Light tower . he spot Green : jewell Building 's clear . GREEN you should get outta here , Richard . jewell uh-huh . you , too . they both start push people back , but folk be slow to respond . it 's a party , be not it ? behind the tower , jewell come upon a necking couple . jewell need you two to clear outta here . they keep kissing . we return to : the bench ... where the alice pack sit ... the statue fallon take a last picture of she mother ... ( continued ) 42 43 44 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 33 . continued : 42 the ground Shaw , Miller , urging people to move , when -- int . bobi 's apt . - bedroom - same time 43 bobi be sound asleep . suddenly , she eye SNAP OPEN -- as if startle by a urgent and horrible dream . she gasp -- bobil Richard ... ext . centennial park - SOUND and light tower - resuming 44 jewell -- behind the tower , move in on that couple while check he watch -- jewell I be not kid . y'all gotta -- just then , boooom ! a concussive explosion . death itself . and the world just stop . jewell and the couple be knock flat . ( but the tower itself have protect they . ) we -- CUT to black . darkness for a moment -- a feel of surreality . the SOUND of shrapnel sizzling past US like rifle fire , eerie ... then we hear -- scream . terror . we be blind , until we slam up on -- jewell 's eye open foggily . he turn , in slow motion , and see a horror : cop flying through the AIR -- Miller , Green , Silver , Jones , Shaw -- and jewell 's bench , rocketing upwards . smoke plume . the siding tear off the AT&T tower -- and worst of all -- alice hawthorne -- spin in a 360 , then fall . ( continued ) 44 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 34 . continued : 44 then ... a unearthly silence . end slow motion as we bleed in more sound of scream , panic , terror , confusion . good god. piece of nail start fall to the ground like noisy drop of rain . ping . ting . ping -ting . the kissing couple beside jewell be catatonic , barely breathe . jewell you two okay ? you okay ? they nod , sort of . he crawl away -- around the tower -- to find sheer , bloody carnage -- a battlefield : wounded everywhere . cop laid out . people senseless . Alice hawthorne dead . fallon daze , she arm bleed . a unspeakable scene , smoke hang . over 100 people be down -- daze , bleed , flatten . voice pop out : various people I need a doctor ! / I need help !/ somebody ! help ! name call aloud : various people dad ? Mom ? jewell turn : bystander and more cop be rushing toward the scene now . people reach for cell phone . a turkish cameraman race in , ready to start shoot . but the guy collapse from a heart attack , dead on the spot . more people scream . we whip back to : jewell , he eye wide . there 's Green among the downed cop . jewell get to he foot , he balance shaky . he head for Green , while stumbling past Shaw , and : jewell get to Green who be face - down , he jersey and flesh tear open by shrapnel . jewell how bad ? GREEN I be fine , I be fine . go ! more groans around they , more scream , more cry . over jewell 's shoulder , the tatter SOUND and light tower -- still stand , but its front side have be blow off . ( continued ) 44 45 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 35 . continued : ( 2 ) 44 jewell you hang tough , brother . help 's come . Green nod . blood everywhere ... we hear we first siren now . jewell move toward Silver as : incredibly , amid all this chaos , he see tech racing back into the blow - up tower . he hurry over . jewell what the hell be you do ? SOUND tech # 1 I leave my laptop in there . jewell you can get it in the morning . SOUND tech # 1 SOUND tech # 2 it 's get all my work on it ! I get shit in there , too ! jewell no one be go back inside this building until we know it 's structurally sound . there could be a second device ! the tech turn away . jewell hurry toward Silver , who 's bleed badly -- pass a daze Bill Miller as : Miller numbly take he wallet out of he back pocket , to find a piece of shrapnel stick inside . his gbi badge just save he ass . literally . Shaw awaken . we crane up to take in all this chaos . panic , blood , terror , people run , ambulance speed toward we . a nightmare . and jewell be in the middle of it all . we -- dissolve to : ext . centennial park - AT&T pavilion - night 45 one hour later -- the brass statue where Alice hawthorne have pose for a picture now have nail embed in it . another nail have be embed in a kodak camera lie unclaim on the ground . a news crew get a shot of it . barricade have be erect . emt at work . ambulance everywhere . and a cluster - fuck by the tower -- guy from gbi , apd , atf , usoc , argue . Shaw 's among they , he forehead bleed . ( continued ) 45 46 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 36 . continued : 45 apd cop this be homicide . it 's ours . gbi guy this park be state property . that make it ours ! atf guy you guy can both get the fuck out of here . this be atf . shaw no , you get the fuck out of here ! this be our crime scene ! jewell walk past , dial he cell . jewell ( into cell ) Mom , it 's I . they have a bomb go off down here , but I be okay . turn on the tv . Love you . ext . street ( atlanta ) - various location - night ( late ) 46 Atlanta lock down . barricade . military vehicle . rampart . a red CNN glow behind every window . we find : ron martz of the ajc , shake , stand at the gate of Centennial Park as wounded be rush past . it 's a echo of Iraq for he . suddenly , someone put a hand on he : Kathy -- smile warmly . martz appreciate it . she shut she eye , lower she head . kathy dear God ... whoever do this ... prayer . Nice . martz shut he eye , too . kathy please let we find he , before anyone else do . martz 's eye snap open . not praying this prayer anymore . kathy and please , whoever he be ... let he be fuck interesting . amen . she release martz 's hand . he shake he head . 47 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 37 . ext . centennial park - AT&T pavilion - 6 am 47 jewell stand outside the tatter tower . the ambulance be go now . the wounded have all be move . but the barricade remain , swarm by law enforcement . eerie . he watch as they collect evidence and interview people . at he foot be a shard of what use to be he bench . he look around , then pocket it . a souvenir . barker ( 0.s. ) be you jewell ? jewell whip around , catch . oh , shit . here come tim barker of AT&T , all business . jewell yes , sir . I be just -- barker I be Tim barker , AT&T media Relations . do I hear this right ? you discover the bomb ? oh . jewell relax , pleased . jewell yes , sir . barker that make you a hero . know that ? jewell I be just do my job , sir . barker that 's a nice thing to say , Richard . but we have have a lot of request from people who have like to talk to you . would that be okay ? ( as jewell just stare ) CNN . Katie couric . that type . you superior give the okay . jewell there be a lot of police personnel here , sir , clear people out . be not just I . barker you be the one who spot the package . you be the one people want to hear from . richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 38 . 48 int . '' makeup '' tent - day ( later ) 48 jewell sit in a makeup chair . the makeup girl finish he off . makeup girl you be all set . they 's 1ll come get you in just a minute . jewell thanks . she leave . he regards himself in the mirror -- about to go on '' the today show . '' he gulp hard , look up at GOD : jewell God . I know you get other thing on you mind right now , like catchin’ the guy who do this and all . but , seein 's as this be live tv , and I feel like I be about to throw up inside my mouth ... could you please make sure I do not say anything stupid out there ? amen . 49 int . bobi 's apt . - day 49 bobi be watch tv , beam , because jewell be on the air , live , be interview by Katie couric . katie couric ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) do you feel like a hero ? jewell ( v.o . ) ( on tv ) no , mar ’‘am . I be just a guy who do the job he be train to do ... bobil ( so proud ) my boy ... 50 int . bryant 's private office - morning 50 Bryant 's at he desk , hearing the jewell interview via the tiny tv on nadya 's desk in the next room -- find it borderline unbelievable , but kind of thrill . bryant good for you , radar ... 51 52 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 39 . ext . centennial park - '' today '' set - morning 51 jewell leave the set with barker , pass two apd cop : grateful apd cop # 1 grateful apd cop # 2 good job , Richard . Way to go , man . acceptance from real cop . very gratify . jewell hey , I be workin’ with a couple guy who be injure : Green ? Silver ? Miller ? they okay ? grateful apd cop # 1 Word be , all the cop be expect to make a full recovery . jewell well , that 's great . thanks . then a guy in a great suit approach . barker smile . barker Richard , there 's someone I would like you to meet . this be mister brenner from bernstein & crane . you know that company ? they publish book . jewell Nice to meet you , sir . BRENNER ( great suit guy ) hello , Richard . I have like to talk to you about you story . ya free ? jewell feel a bit like he 's float now . int . bobi 's apt . —- kitchen - day 52 bobi bake more pound cake . tv on , local news , another jewell interview . tv be also on in the live room -- ABC -- yet another jewell interview . he enter . bobil you be everywhere ! and the phone never stop . I need a secretary ! jewell momma , a guy from New York just ask I if I want to write a book ! ( continued ) 52 53 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 40 . continued : 52 bobil well , lah - dee -da ! jewell I do not even have to do anything . someone else think it up and type it and all ; I just say yes or no to stuff . for money ! bobil you be a rock STAR ! Tom brokaw be even talk about you ! jewell beam , catch a glimpse of himself in a mirror -- and there it be , for the first time ever : pride -- a hero look back at he . feel great . but ... int . FBI field office ( atlanta ) - office - day 53 Movement . urgency . Agents respond to real crisis . bruce hughes , the sac ( spec. agent in charge ) of this field office , approach Tom Shaw : bruce hughes Shaw . you doin’ okay ? shaw not really , sir . Fucking bomb go off on my watch . my fuck park . bruce hughes we do not have enough eyeball there . that 's on we . let 's just catch the son of a bitch , yeah ? Tom Shaw nod , grateful . that help . bruce hughes I need you to get out to habersham County -- background on a former sheriff 's deputy . might have some connection to the bombing . shaw oh ? who be he ? Bruce Hughes pause , know this be not a small piece of news : bruce hughes the security guard . ( continued ) 53 54 55 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 41 . continued : 53 bang . that fast , Tom Shaw have he man . and it 's jewell . ext . centennial park - STREET - dusk 54 jewell get out of he pickup , ready for work . instantly , people notice he . parent point he out to they kide . that feel great . and shockingly new . he pass a U.S. swimmer ( we recognize the sweat on the guy ) ; the swimmer nod with great respect and : unnamed swimmer Way to go , man . make we all real proud . respect from a athlete . jewell beam , thrilled . but : int . piedmont university - cleere 's office - day 55 Dr. W. Ray cleere ( who fire jewell in this very office not long ago ) , study jewell 's old file . opposite cleere ... be Tom Shaw . cleere I want to be clear -- I have not accuse he of anything . shaw I understand . cleere I just ... I see the attention he 's get ; it 's the kind of attention he be always seek here when he be harass student , pull people over on the highway . crazy behavior . and I decide if my fear be correct -- if he wasn 's T actually the hero they be makin 's he out to be -- and I would have information pertinent to that fact which I have fail to bring to light ? it could jeopardize life . shaw Dr. cleere , you do the right thing , call . and we will look into it . cleere nod . we find a photo of jewell , which become : 56 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 42. int . FBI field office ( atlanta ) - conference room - day the photo of jewell fill a screen . Bruce Hughes sigh : bruce hughes why be the goddamn acog re-opening that park ? we do not have shit . ten other senior FBI guy ( and Tom Shaw ) in here . a erasure board read '' centbom . '' tension , pressure ... bruce hughes okay . I want to hear more about jewell . Patrick ? all eye on patrick william from the Behavioral Sciences team -- william when I look at jewell , I think about the bomb scare at the L.A. Olympic in ' 84 : a bag leave ona bus by the same cop who then discover it . and the fire in Idaho this summer -- start by a firefighter who want the credit for put they out . there be a profile that emerge , the false hero . Tom Shaw believe that to he core . the whole room do . william in interview , jewell 's account of the bombing seem vague , and he look uncomfortable discuss the victim . I also find he mention on tv that he be hope to get back into law enforcement a bit inappropriate . there 's a lot here that 's troubling . and everything agent Shaw have learn about he do sync - up with this profile . bruce hughes you agree with that , Tom ? shaw I do , sir . Bruce Hughes digest that ... then : bruce hughes let 's put eye on he . 56 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 43 . 57 int . bryant 's office - day 57 Bryant read the paper , annoyed by the society page . bryant fool 's name and fool 's face . nadya lean in , mildly floor : nadya Watson ? ( as Bryant wait ) get a call for you . bryant be it Bill Gates randomly wonder if I need a million dollar ? ' Cause if so , yes . nadya it 's Richard jewell . Bryant laugh , think she 's kid . she be not . bryant ' Richard jewell 's Richard jewell ? nadya yes . bryant I see . uh , okay . she disappear to she desk . then line 1 light up . bryant ( into phone ) hello ? intercut with : 58 int . bobi 's apt . - same time 58 jewell on the phone . jewell ( into phone ) mister Bryant ? I be sorry to bother you , just get you number from information . I hope you remember I . ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 44 . 58 continued : 58 bryant ( into phone ) Richard , you be a national hero now . you can call I Watson . jewell ( into phone ) oh . thank you , sir . how be you ? how 's you family ? bryant ( into phone ) we be all fine . I see you have move up from video game ! jewell ( into phone ) do not mean to , but yeah , guess I do . bryant ( into phone ) well , good job , that 's a prideful thing . what can I do for you ? jewell ( into phone ) Sir , have you ever do a book deal ? do you do that ? bryant ( into phone ) contract be contract . why ? jewell ( into phone ) this bomb thing . get some New York guy ask I to write a book and I do not know anything about that , so I think maybe you could help I . bryant ( into phone ) I have be happy to . jewell ( into phone ) be you not at the U.S. small Business admin anymore ? I try there first . bryant ( into phone ) no. I get outta there . ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 45 . 58 continued : ( 2 ) 58 jewell ( into phone ) oh. how come ? bryant ( into phone ) lifestyle decision . you just make sure not to sign anything until I see it first . okay ? we will start there . jewell ' Kay . thanks , Watson . Bryant end the call . kind of a stunne smile . nadya lean in , pretty excited , as -- 59 int . bar - night 59 Shaw , a drink before he , signal for a refill , as -- kathy ( 0.s. ) must be a lotta heat on you guy . Shaw turn . here 's Kathy , in a short - than -short skirt and a barely - buttone blouse . Shaw grin . shaw no more so than usual . kathy right , just you average deadly bombing on U.S. soil during a Olympic . happens all the time . shaw pressure 's on you guy , too . CNN 's get it wall - to- wall . might account for you short - than - usual skirt and you tit - ablaze blouse . kathy admit it , though . I be smoking hot ! the truth ? yes , he think she 's smoking hot . kathy give I something I can print , Tom . I 'il treat you right . shaw sorry . ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 59 continued : kathy I know the Bureau 's look at someone . shaw what make you think so ? kathy source . Friends . who be it ? shaw if you could not fuck it out of they , what make you think you can fuck it out of I ? she smile , wet she lip . Shaw exhales ... then : Shaw hesitates . she lean in -- that open blouse . shaw ya know what people do not get , Kathy ? how much work go in to make a case . it 's effort , 24 - 7 . kathy you be right . so educate I . shaw I won't have this screwed up . there be a slaughter out here . it 's a miracle there be not more fatality . kathy I would not run it unless I have independent corroboration from a second source . that would put we in a different zone , as you know . ( she hand drift ) Tom . you be about to burst . shaw first time in my life I ever wish I be gay . Kathy smile ... then Shaw give it up : whoa . shaw the Bureau 's look at the security guard . jewell . Kathy freeze . do I hear that wrong ? try to calm herself , she take out she notepad . 46 . 59 Kathy let she hand drop onto he lap . he 's hard as a anvil . ( continued ) 59 60 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 47 . continued : ( 2 ) 59 shaw you always look at the guy who find the bomb , just like you always look at the guy who find the body . but jewell 's get a bad past . fit the hero - bomber profile to a ' T . 's kathy yes , yes , shit ! the fat loser live with he mother ! so obvious ! why do not I see it ?! ( she mind racing ) this put a clock on thing . wanna get we a room ? or should we just go down to my car ? int . / ext . bobi 's apt . - front door - night 60 bobi open the door to find -- Bill Miller on the doorstep -- jewell 's gbi buddy . bobi 's thrilled . bobil it 's so good to see you , Bill ! it 's be a while . miller it 's nice to see you , bobi ! where 's the hero ? bobil he 's right here . come on in ! bobi , proud as hell , welcome he in ... int . bobi 's apt . - dine room - night 61 they be onto second helping of lasagna now -- miller what kinda charge ya figure it be ? jewell not sure what kinda explosive the guy use -- black powder , match head , maybe some kinda chlorate , pack with nail . ( more ) ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 48 . 61 continued : 61 jewell ( cont 'd ) funny thing be , when that drunk move it , they save a bunch of life , ' cause it be s'pose to blow out , into a crowd , for maximum casualty . they leave it on its back , so it explode upwards , most of the ordnance go into the sky . there 's nail from it on rooftop all over downtown . you would typically have a battery and a timing device , could even be a simple clock . I ... 62 int . FBI van - night 62 Miller be in the back of a move van , a sicken look on he face . he unbutton he shirt and we see why : he be wear a wire during that dinner . a FBI operative remove it gently ... 63 int . ajc - 8 th floor - newsroom - morning 63 Kathy glide through , stop at martz 's desk . kathy sweetie , I need you to do one of that better- word - thing you do . martz you mean rewrite you ? kathy yes . you know I write like a brick . and this one 's kinda special . martz what be it ? kathy oh , nothing . just the FBI be look at Richard jewell as the bomber ... martz 's eye go wide . we -- CUT to : richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 49 . 64 int . ajc - 8 th floor - newsroom - morning 64 manage editor JOHN walter listen as Kathy pitch he . staffer look on . kathy ' the security guard who first alert police to the pipe bomb that explode in Centennial Olympic Park be the target of the federal investigation into the incident that result in two death and injure more than 100 . 's her read continue over : 65 int . bobi 's apt . - day 65 bobi bake a pound cake . jewell play a video game . kathy ( v.o. ) ' Richard jewell , 33 , a former law enforcement officer , fit the profile of the lone bomber . this profile generally include a frustrated white man who be a former police officer , member of the military , or police ' wannabe 's who seek to become a hero . 's 66 int . ajc - 8 th floor —- newsroom - moment later 66 Kathy continue pitching the piece to walter : kathy ' jewell have become a celebrity in the wake of the bombing , make appearance on the '' today show '' and 's -- walter -- Bureau know you have this ? kathy my guy say it 's everywhere now ; the network have it . CNN have it . martz I get a guy at gbi say the same thing . Bureau 's look at jewell . ( continued ) 66 67 68 69 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 50 . continued : 66 walter then why be not anyone report it ? do anybody feel we be get work here ? kathy goddamn it , John , this be our Olympic ! if we be not gonna lead on this story , what the fuck be we do here ? walter exhales hard ... and decide : walter okay . tear up the afternoon edition and replate the front page . we be run it . ext . outdoor patio / bar - day 67 patron watch a big-screen tv as the story explode : breaking news on CNN -- the anchor hold up a copy of the ajc and read the piece verbatim over the air . CNN anchor ( v.o. ) ( into camera ) ' the security guard who first alert police to the pipe bomb ... 's shock on every face . people reach for cell phone ... int . ajc - 8 th floor - newsroom - day 68 Kathy enter . CNN be blaring from tvs . and : everyone in here turn ... and applaud she . 100 CO - worker , even the woman who resent she short skirt . it 's a journalism mountaintop . respect from her peer , at last . Kathy beam with humility and gratitude . int . FBI field office ( atlanta ) - conference room 69 Tom Shaw be at work as the story break . everyone around he livid . and Tom Shaw know he 's a dead man . Bruce Hughes storm in , irate . everyone turn . ( continued ) 69 70 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 51 . continued : 69 bruce hughes who the fuck leak this investigation to the ajc ?! of course , no one confess . Tom Shaw eye he shoe - top . bruce hughes shaw ! Tom Shaw 's eye go wide . instant terror . how do they know ? shaw Sir ? bruce hughes get jewell in here . non - confrontational interview . today . bennet have a tactical approach . Tom Shaw 's heart begin to beat again . he look to Dan bennet . we return to : int . / ext . bobi be apt . - afternoon 70 tv off . jewell sleep . bobi bake more pound cake ... a firm knock at the front door . jewell awaken , rise , go to the door ... open it : jewell hello ? Shaw and bennet stand here . oddly , we hear hundred of voice shouting from the parking lot : voice ( 0.s. ) Richard ! Richard ! but jewell can not see anyone from here . bennet Richard jewell ? jewell yes ? bennet special Agents Dan bennet and Tom Shaw , FBI . ya get a minute ? jewell sure ! what can I do for you ? ( continued ) 70 71 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 52 . continued : 70 FBI ! wow ! bobi drift over , visible behind she son ... shaw Bureau 's make a training video on how to handle a suspicious package . we have like you to be in it . how 's that sound to you ? jewell that sound great ! bobil see that , Richard ? you do it ! you show ‘em what kinda cop you can be . and look at this now ! the disembody voice in the parking lot call out again . jewell ignore they . bennet eye Shaw ... shaw only thing be , we be shoot it today . think you could follow we back to the field office ? time 's kinda tight . jewell uh , I get work still . my shift . shaw this will not take long . jewell sure . I wanna help in any way I can . I be law enforcement , too . shaw we know that . you ready to go ? jewell wear he security shirt , kiss bobi goodbye . bobil so proud of you , baby ! he emerge , follow Shaw and bennet down the step , jewell completely unaware of what 's await he . then -- ext . monaco apt . - parking lot - continuous action 71 jewell freeze , shocked : 200 media member descend , a horde -- camera , micu , boom -- come right at he . ( continued ) 71 72 73 74 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 53 . continued : 71 horde Richard , have the FBI charge you ? / have you hire a attorney ?/ be the FBI investigate you ? he 's surprised but unafraid -- push through , smile : jewell I imagine they 'il investigate anyone who be at the park that night . that include you all , too . he laugh it off ; no one else do . Shaw and bennet get to they sedan . jewell get to he toyota pickup . horde be you a suspect ? jewell course not . he get in he truck . int . jewell 's truck - day ( later ) 72 jewell drive . in he rearview , he see four vehicle , trail he . odd . he make a leave . so do they ... ext . FBI field office ( atlanta ) - parking lot - day 73 he enter the FBI field office lot and park . the four car behind he park , too . he get out of the truck . bennet and Shaw emerge from they car to greet he . jewell sorry . I think I have some media follow I . shaw no . that be we guy . oh . jewell nod , processing that ... int . bobi 's apt . — same time 74 bobi flip on the tv ... and freeze : there 's jewell 's photo -- she baby boy -- with the word '' bombing suspect '' stamp across he face . she stare , poleax ... then reach for a phone ... 75 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 54 . int . FBI field office - interview room - day tight , windowless . jewell opposite bennet and Shaw . there 's a cameraman in here , taping the interview . bennet you come back around the tower , and spot the package unattend . jewell yes , sir . bennet do you see anyone walk away from the bench ? jewell no , sir . shaw so , you have no idea who would put that package there ? jewell no , sir . but whoever do it oughtta fry . shaw we think so , too , Richard . ( a beat ) we wanna do this authentically -- some of that have to do with how to treat a suspect . so , for this part , let 's pretend you be someone we have bring in , okay ? we have just read you you miranda rights , and you have agree to waive they . here , here 's a waiver so it all look real . bennet place a actual rights waiver before jewell . bennet so , you sign it , then we go on with the interview . jewell okay . they hand he a pen . he pretend to sign , move the pen through the AIR and not on the page . they pause . ( continued ) 75 75 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 55 . continued : 75 shaw sorry if I be not clear enough , Richard . we need you to actually sign the waiver . huh ? jewell 's internal alarm just start to ping . jewell but ... this be a real document ... bennet of course . we be go for authenticity here . hold it . jewell study they . some panic grow now ... jewell sorry , sir , but I would not feel right signing something like this . bennet Richard , we -- Shaw whisper something to bennet , who nod . shaw we be gonna take a short break . let 's stop the camera . the cameraman stop taping . the feel be odd , creepy . bennet and Shaw leave the room . we stay here -- jewell sit in tense silence , try not to fidget or look guilty . impossible . jewell I be a deputy sheriff . habersham County . cameraman be unimpress . jewell sag . time stop . then Shaw return with a grin : shaw okay ! we be go to pretend none of this ever happen . ( at cameraman ) let 's start a new tape , please . cameraman pop the tape out of he camera , hand it to Shaw , who toss it in a waste basket as the cameraman put in a new tape . he nod to Shaw , '' ready , '' and ... ( continued ) 75 76 77 78 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 56 . continued : ( 2 ) 75 shaw so , what we be gonna do now be , agent bennet be gonna walk in and re-introduce himself to you , show you he credential , just like we be do a professional interview . then he 's go to read you you miranda rights , and -- jewell um ... why would ya do that ? shaw to make the video more realistic . Shaw open the door . bennet re-enter . a feel of make - believe in the air . we be '' roll '' again ... and : now jewell know : they think I do this ! jewell uh ... I think maybe I should contact my attorney . shaw why would you need a attorney ? I think you be a hero . be there something you want to tell we ? jewell no . I just , I better call he . ext . chilivis bldg . ( buckhead ) - day 76 a free-stand two -story building off a nondescript alley . Bryant , oblivious to the world , pull he toyota forerunner into he parking space . int . chilivis bldg . - lobby / stairwell - continuous action 77 Bryant climb stair . drab carpet underfoot , drab wall . int . chilivis bldg . - 2 nd floor - hallway - continuous 78 action Bryant emerge into a lifeless hallway . a door say '' Law Offices of G. Watson Bryant . '' he enter : 79 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 57 . int . chilivis bldg . - bryant 's '' suite '' -— continuous 79 action nadya at she desk : livid . nadya you can not leave you phone off , Watson ! TI need to reach you ! bryant what 's wrong ? she hold up this afternoon 's ajc : '' FBI suspect ' hero 's guard may have planted bomb . '' whoa . Bryant grab the paper , scour the front page . nadya he 's call you three time from a interrogation room at the FBI field Office ! terrify . bryant Jesus . be I the only lawyer that guy know ? nadya for you sake , I hope so . Bryant turn to page two . more related article : '' Security Guard have reputation as Zealot . '' '' motive ? could be sociopath , attention seeker . '' and '' crime committed by Guards Plague Security Industry . '' bryant Paper say the Bureau have he dead to rights . nadya in Russia when the government say someone 's guilty , it 's how you know he 's innocent . be it different here ? zero doubt in she voice . but Bryant be waver . nadya I all tear up the message . I be sure we will get another three or four case this juicy tomorrow . and you have so much else to do ... ( continued ) 79 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 58 . continued : 79 bryant would you connect I to the field office , nadya ? nadya right away ... she dial . he wait . she hand he the phone . nadya ( 0.s. ) FBI field Office . bryant ( grab the phone ) this be Watson Bryant , attorney for Richard jewell . I would like to speak to my client , please . FBI operator ( v.o. ) ( through phone ) I be sorry , sir , we have no one here by that name . bryant ( into phone ) yes , you do . put I on the phone with my client , please . now . FBI operator ( v.o. ) ( through phone ) please call back later , sir . maybe we will have more information . click . and that fast , Bryant 's deep hatred for institutional bullshit have flare to life . pure rage . bryant goddammit . nadya dial again . Bryant hear -- FBI operator ( v.o. ) ( through phone ) FBI field Office . bryant ( into phone ) this be Watson Bryant again , attorney for Richard jewell . my next call be go to be to Mike wallace of ' sixty Minutes 's to ask he why the FBI would deny a citizen he constitutional right to legal counsel . can I have the spelling of you name , please ? ( continued ) 79 80 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 59 . continued : ( 2 ) 79 FBI operator ( v.o. ) ( through phone ) I ’‘1l connect you , sir . intercut with : int . FBI field office - interview room 80 jewell sit . bennet enter , hand jewell a phone . bennet call for you . jewell eagerly pick it up : jewell ( into phone ) hello ? bryant ( into phone ) Richard , it 's Watson . what be you do in there ? jewell ( into phone ) they say they need I for a training film . bryant ( into phone ) they do not ! you be a suspect . have you sign anything ? have you confess to anything ? jewell ( into phone ) course not . I do not do this , Watson . bryant ( into phone ) just do not say anything , to anyone . let I talk to the agent in charge . jewell hand the phone to Shaw . jewell he want to talk to you . shaw ( into phone ) this be agent Shaw . ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 60 . 80 continued : 80 bryant ( into phone ) no more question . not another word . shaw ( into phone ) he 's be cooperate fully . bryant ( into phone ) not another word ! he slam down the phone . end intercut . 81 ext . / int . monaco apt . - parking lot / bobi apt . - night 81 jewell 's blue Toyota pickup pull into the lot . the mob turn , en masse , swarm toward he . bobi , at the window , watch helplessly through levolor : back to jewell he get out and be instantly engulf : crowd richard , be you charge ? / be you the fbi' lead suspect ?/ richard , what have you be told ? jewell I be not a suspect . I be nota suspect . reporter Richard , do you set that bomb ? jewell no , sir . I do not do this . he get to the stair , besiege ... and : he enter , whipped . bobi look shake . a phone ring . jewell momma , they be all after I now . bobi nod . the phone ring again . jewell look to the tv -- tom brokaw and bob costas , report . ( continued ) 81 82 83 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 61 . continued : 81 brokaw ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) they probably have enough to arrest he right now , probably enough to prosecute he , but you always want to have enough to convict he as well . there be still hole in this case . the color drain from bobi 's face . tear fall . bobil Richard , what be he say ? why would Tom brokaw say that about you ? no reply . the phone ring again . it will never stop . int . / ext . shaw 's buick - parking lot - same time 82 Shaw be alone in he car , window roll up , pound the dashboard , furious . shaw goddammit ! fuck , fuck , fucking kathy ! ext . monaco apt . - parking lot / step - night ( later ) 83 Bryant drive up in he 4 runner , pass news van , truck . the mob ignore he . he park , make he way through the hungry crowd , wear he hiking short . bryant ' scuse I ... they realize he 's on he way to the step lead to bobi 's apartment . he 's somebody ! that fast , the cameras be on and the mic be out . but Bryant 's already at the door . knock . the door open . Bryant and jewell eye one another , 10 year on . Bryant wonder : '' be I look at a mad bomber ??? '' jewell think : '' hiking short ? bald ? '' it 's a let-down ... so Bryant try a tension - breaker : bryant ya get that hundred you owe I ? ( continued ) 83 84 85 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 62 . continued : 83 jewell frown , ashamed . let he in . more question be hurled from the mob . the close door silence they ... int . bobi 's apt . 84 inside now . jewell and bobi study Bryant . the phone ring incessantly . Bryant pull the cord from the wall . bryant for the next little while , the only person you need to talk to be I . jewell momma , this be Watson . Watson , this be my mother , Barbara . bobi. bryant he do not open he mouth again if there be a cop present , or a FBI agent , or someone from gbi , or a crossing guard . be that clear ? jewell raise to respect authority , sir . bryant ' Authority 's be what 's outside that window , look to eat you alive . ( as jewell react ) let 's get to work . int . bobi 's apt . - 2 am 85 bobi sleep . jewell look out the window at the mob . bryant you belong to any kind of extremist group , Richard ? jewell no . bryant posse comitatus , Aryan Nation , anything like that ? jewell I hate all that stuff . bryant any anti-government affiliation , or religious cult or ...? ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 63 . 85 continued : 85 jewell no , no . that 's not I . bryant any of you friend affiliate with any fringe organization ? jewell no. bryant nra ? jewell be the nra fringe ? no reply . Bryant make sure bobi 's asleep ... then : bryant Richard , this be a capital crime here . death penalty . I can help you , but only if I know the truth . do you do this ? jewell look wounded by the question . gather himself . jewell no. Bryant stare right through he ... decide : bryant then let 's beat the hell outta this bastard . 86 ext . monaco apt . — parking lot - night ( later ) 86 Bryant emerge . the horde swallows he : crowd be you richard 's attorney ?/ what 's you name , sir ? / what have the FBI told you ? / did he set that bomb ? 87 int . bobi 's apt . — same time 87 jewell plug the phone back in . a instant ring . jewell ( into phone ) hello ? ( continued ) 87 88 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 64 . continued : 87 anonymous caller ( v.o. ) ( through phone ) it be a good thing , that bomb . be not gonna be long before the Zionist organizational government come in and start a -- jewell hang up , unplug the phone again . int . bryant 's 4 runner — parked 88 Watson get in and exhales : what have I just gotten myself into ? Bryant start to drive away , then - kathy ( 0.s. ) not quite real estate law -- be it , Mr. Bryant ? Jesus . Kathy 's in he backseat , coiled like a snake . bryant who the hell be you ? kathy I could be the best friend you will ever have . Kathy scrugg . ajc . bryant of course . get out . kathy have you secure a actual defense attorney for Richard ? bryant no comment . kathy see , ' no comment 's do not help I . which mean I can not help you . bryant that 's why you be here ? to help I ? kathy Watson , I be not sure you grasp the tank that 's about to roll over you . this be the U.S. government -- bryant want I to call the cop ? ( continued ) 88 89 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 65 . continued : 88 kathy cop love I . I tell they storey all day . let I tell yours . bryant out . Kathy eye he . we -- CUT to : ext . '' today show '' set - morning 89 a live on - AIR interview : Bryant and bryant gumbel . ( mixture of real footage . ) gumbel what do you think of the manner in which the FBI have treat you client ? bryant I think whoever the bum be who leak that Richard jewell be the focus of this investigation should be prosecute or deal with in some serious way . I do not think that this investigation should be , aaahhh , conduct under world spotlight like this . gumbel why be you so convinced of he innocence ? bryant because I have know Richard for a while . I have look he in the eye and I have ask he the question . gumbel be you aware that he have be arrest in the past for impersonate a officer ? whoa . Deer in headlight moment . Bryant recover . bryant I do not know a lot of thing about a whole lot of people that I know . ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 66 . 89 continued : 89 gumbel there be also misdemeanor on he record . and he seem to have a cabin in the wood that the police be eager to examine now . bryant I , uh , I have not yet conduct a thorough investigation into Richard and he history . I do not have Richard 's police record . you may . gumbel be you aware he have be ask by the habersham sheriff 's Department to seek psychological counseling ? bryant I have not , uh , I have not yet get up to speed on some thing , that 's all . gumbel I 'il ask you again -- why be you so convinced of he innocence ? bryant I believe he . gumbel pure and simple . ( to the camera ) twenty - three past the hour . we will be right back . Bryant smile thinly . he know that be a disaster . 90 int . bobi 's apt . - same time 90 bobi and jewell just watch that . the phone ring . jewell ( into phone ) yes ? bryant ( v.o. ) ( through phone ) you be arrested for impersonating a fucking officer ?! jewell ( into phone ) once . it be complicated . ( continued ) 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 67 . continued : 90 bryant ( v.o. ) ( through phone ) be you planning to tell I ?! jewell ( into phone ) yeah , course , just , in all the hoopla yesterday I forget . bryant ( v.o. ) ( through phone ) goddammit , Richard ! ext . olympic stadium - track - night ( NBC footage ) 91 michael johnson be in the block , about to run a 200 as : ext . centennial park - SOUND and light tower - same time 92 Bryant stand beside the SOUND and light tower -- a crime scene now , ringed by a fence , metal detector , security . he eye the batter tower , nadya beside he . then : bryant go. ext . olympic stadium - track - resuming ( NBC footage ) 93 bang . Michael Johnson burst out of the block . ext . centennial park - SOUND and light tower - resuming 94 Bryant start walk . to where ? nadya eye she watch . ext . olympic stadium - track - resuming ( NBC footage ) 95 Michael Johnson be fly down the track , at the turn ... ext . centennial park - ground - moving shot - resuming 96 Bryant keep walk , eyeing he watch , all business ... ext . olympic stadium - track - resuming ( NBC footage ) 97 Michael Johnson , near the finish line ... 98 99 100 101 102 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 68. ext . centennial park - baker ST . exit - resuming 98 Bryant exit the park , walk briskly , nadya beside he . another check of he watch . where 's he go ? ext . olympic stadium - track - resuming ( NBC footage ) 99 Michael Johnson break the tape . the crowd cheer . ext . baker ST . - night 100 Bryant and nadya arrive at the bank of nine pay phone . ( the tenth have be remove by the FBI . ) bryant time . nadya six minute . ext . olympic stadium - track - resuming ( NBC footage ) 101 the 200 time be post . new world record . huge cheer ... ext . baker ST . - resuming 102 Bryant eye he watch ... bryant okay . we know the second 9 - 1 - 1 call be place at 12:58 , from the pay phone that have be right here . we also know Richard be inside the park near the sound and light tower at 12:57 when Bill Miller call the backpack in . he would have have to cover the distance in two minute . nadya then he could not have place the call . bryant coulda ride a bike , I guess . nadya there and back ? no one notice ? Bryant come to a grudge conclusion -- ( continued ) 102 103 104 105 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 69 . continued : 102 bryant he actually do not do this . shit . they look around -- atlantan breeze down the sidewalk , confident that the bomber 's be catch . but he have not . ext . trailer park ( NORTH CAROLINA ) - morning 103 the man in the fisherman 's hat who place that pre-bomb call emerge from he trailer and shut the door . we do not see he face . int . bobi 's apt . - morning 104 Bryant , hold a search warrant , look out the window . he Pov 40 agent out there , with dog . a physical - evidence team , a bomb-squad team , atf -- each with different color shirt on . they approach the door . back to bryant offended . jewell be beside he , petrify . bryant you do not talk . JI talk . they be just gonna look around . ya get any gun in the house ? ( as jewell nod ) go get they , lay they on you bed . we do not want any surprise . jewell disappear . Bryant look to bobi . she 's shaking . int . bobi 's apartment - jewell 's bedroom - moment later 105 weapon lie on the bed . shotgun , rifle . bryant be you expect a zombie invasion or something ? jewell they be for deer . I hunt . and this be all just standard camo gear . ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 70 . 105 continued : 105 bryant Richard , I wanna explain something to you . okay ? all you be guilty of right now be look like the kind of guy who might set off a bomb . but everything you do that promote that image be go to hang we . so -- he stop himself . just see sheer terror in bobi 's eye . bryant sorry . poor choice of word . I just , be there anything else odd or quirky I be go to discover today ? jewell kinda . I have not pay my tax in two year . Bryant sigh . bobi nervously fill the silence : bobil I hate gun . I do not know why . my daddy love gun ; I just never do . every time Richard go hunt I tell he , ' do not you drag a dead bambi into this house . I be not eat bambi ! 's Richard can shoot , though . he score a 98 out of 100 on he shoot test when he be a deputy with the habersham County sheriff . just then , a loud knock at the door . bryant you do not talk . I talk . say it . jewell I do not talk ... but I want that guy to know I be law enforcement , too . just like they . bryant see , that 's talking . that 's what we do not want . bobil you pick the right lawyer , Richard . jewell nod . Bryant go to the front door , open it . 106 107 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 71 . int . bobi 's apt . - foyer / live room — continuous action 106 bennet , Shaw , and the 40 agent in different - color shirt crowd onto the landing . they file in , like a row of brightly - color pennant , with dog . bryant it 's like the United goddamn color of benetton . jewell take everything , take the carpet . I be law enforcement , just like you . so , take whatever you be go to take because it 's all go to prove that I do not do anything . Bryant shoot he a look : stop talk . jewell nod . shaw you be go to be counsel , mister Bryant ? bryant that 's right . Bryant hand Shaw a business card , '' the Law Offices of G. Watson Bryant . '' Shaw eye it , deeply unimpress . bennet hand Bryant a bag . Bryant take it , angrily . bennet if you wanna stay in here , you have to put this on . int . bobi 's apt . - day ( later ) 107 jewell , bobi , and Bryant wear blue rubber glove and rubber sock as they sit on a couch , watch the agent tear through clothes , toiletry , food . Bryant fume . a agent look through the few book in here , stop to peruse a vincent bugliosi book about the oj trial . jewell that 's a great book . lotta detail in it about police procedure . agent just bag it in a Ziploc . jewell sag . agent # 2 ( diader Rosario ) come by , tote a big cardboard BOX of stuff from jewell 's bedroom , struggle to get to the door . ( continued ) 107 108 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 72 . continued : 107 jewell you need a hand with that ? no reply . jewell rise to get to the door -- despite a look from Bryant . but bennet open it . agent # 3 ( Don Johnson ) eye a case of disney movie on vhs . bobil I use that when I babysit . great . each vhs get bag in Ziploc . bobi tighten ... shaw I think it might be better if you all just step out and let we do we job . Bryant tear off he rubber glove and sock , stand up . bryant c’mon , Richard . shaw ( yell ) Johnson . Rosario . you find anything ? ext . monaco apt . - step / parking lot - hour later 108 jewell and Bryant sit on the step outside the door as : every box be take out and load onto truck . Shaw supervise it all . the mob broadcasting every step . jewell ya never do tell I the name of the firm you would move to , Watson . bryant I open my own . jewell oh . how come ? bryant firm mean partner , and partner think they can tell you who to be . I do not care much for be dictate to . then they hear bobi yell as two agent exit the unit , box in hand , down the step . bobi 's mad as hell . ( continued ) 108 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 73 . continued : 108 jewell what 's wrong , momma ? bobil they have go through my under - thing . how much indignity do they want we to take ? she 's shaking . Bryant stand , livid , go after they : bryant hold on , fella ! the agent head for the FBI truck . Bryant bound down the step into the parking lot in pursuit , but -- the mob consume he , instantly surrounding he in a cocoon of body so tight that he can not get through . bryant Excuse I . Excuse I . I need to -- no room to move at all . and the question come : crowd watson , what be they looking for ?/ have he be charge ?/ did he do it , watson ? bryant no , he do not . he 's innocent . Richard jewell be a hero . kathy if he 's innocent , why 's the FBI here ? bryant we want they here . we welcome this . kathy no , you do not . that land . the mob keep press , push . Bryant can not move a inch , a suffocating compression of people . just then , Shaw emerge from the unit , see jewell sit alone . that 's a opportunity . shaw hey , Richard . mind comin 's in here for a minute ? ( continued ) 108 109 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 74 . continued : ( 2 ) 108 jewell sure . int . bobi be apt . —- live room - moment later 109 Shaw sit on the edge of the coffee table , beside bennet . jewell on the sofa . Shaw grab a telephone , dial -- it 's a moment we have see before : shaw okay , Richard . I be go to hand you this phone now ... Shaw hand the phone to jewell . shaw when you hear a beep on the other end , I want you to say into it , ' there be a bomb in Centennial Park . you have thirty minute . 's jewell I be sorry , what ? bennet we need a voice exemplar . like ya to say it a few time . shaw ' there be a bomb in Centennial Park . you have thirty minute . 's might be the only way to clear you name , Richard . jewell do not want to do this , but they be the law . the phone beeps . jewell take it , steel himself , then : jewell ( into phone ) there be a bomb in Centennial Park . you have thirty minute . shaw good . again , please . louder . jewell ( into phone ) there be a bomb in Centennial Park . you have thirty minute . shaw again . in fact , let 's just doa series . ( continued ) 109 110 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 75 . continued : 109 jewell consider that . perspire a bit . then ... jewell there be a bomb in Centennial Park . you have thirty minute . there be a bomb in Centennial Park . you have thirty minute . ( as they want more ) there be a bomb in Centennial Park . you have thirty minute . there be a bomb in Centennial Park . you have thirty minute . there be a -- but Bryant blow through the front door and erupt : bryant be you fuck kid I ! jewell Watson , it 's standard procedure . bryant ( yank phone away ) the hell it be ! shaw mister Bryant , we -- bryant maybe you can do this , maybe you can not . but you be not do this today . let 's go , Richard . jewell I really do not mind . it 'il just clear I . bryant let 's go . Bryant literally pull he out . ext . monaco apt . - stair / various location - day 110 hour # 7 . jewell on the step . Bryant stand . Dave dutchess be now here . the mob have not move . meanwhile : -- Agents talk to neighbor . -- Agents look through the complex 's dumpster and laundry room . -- they trash jewell 's once - orderly room . ( continued ) 110 111 112 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 76 . continued : 110 back to jewell sitting , wait , a sad figure . dutchess disgust . dutchess dick . ext . monaco apt . - stair - midnight 111 jewell , Bryant , dutchess , and bobi be still here as -- agent file out , box in hand . here 's Shaw : shaw we be do in there . jewell stand , turn . look into the parking lot : several van and truck have now be load . Bryant head inside . bobi , too . jewell follow , but -- he stop . a sudden tightness in he chest . Bryant turn -- bobil Richard ? jewell nod , but it 's unconvincing . he head inside . int . bobi 's apt . - live room / kitchen - moment later 112 the four of they sit , stunne . the place feel violate . jewell 's room be a wreck . bobi move to the window . instant shutter click from outside . we be cage . she watch as the FBI van drive away . go to the kitchen . everything be in ziploc bag . flour , sugar , all bag . bobil they take all my tupperware . what would they need with my tupperware ? jewell the bomber use tupperware to hold the nail . that 's standard . bobil what 's it get to do with you ? and why would they take all my baby - sit tape ? my Disney movie ? we hear a knock at the front door . Bryant go to it . ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 77 . 112 continued : 112 jewell probably wanna see if we would record anything over the tape -- ya know , political statement or something . bobi why be you defend this people ? jewell I be not . I be just explain . bobi well , stop it ! she slap the table . jewell do not fire back . then : nadya ( 0.s. ) hi. they turn . here 's nadya , carry a bag of groceries . bryant this be nadya . she work with I . nadya think you might want some dinner . bobil bless you heart . thank you . jewell hi. I be Richard . nadya smile , well aware . 113 ext . wood ( NORTH CAROLINA ) - night ( late ) 113 a hooded figure vanish into the Carolina wood ... 114 ext . wood behind monaco apt ./ parking lot - night ( late ) 114 jewell wait while brandi squat to pee . a quiet moment . but 50 PRESS member be watch he . surreal , eerie . the dog finish . jewell head back home as : horde Richard , have the FBI charge you ? / what be they say to you ? / do you blow that people up ? ( continued ) 114 115 116 117 118 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 78 . continued : 114 jewell I do not do this . I do not do this terrible thing ! then he stop . that sudden tightness in he chest again . he shake the symptom off , keep walk ... int . FBI field office ( atlanta ) - evidence room - day 115 jewell 's belonging , bag and tag , fill this room . a evidence team inspect two hollowed -out grenade ... int . bobi 's apt . - day 116 Bryant , a inventory list in hand , stare at jewell : bryant grenade , Richard ? jewell they be paperweight . I buy ‘em at a military surplus store . bryant Christ ... int . FBI field office ( atlanta ) - evidence room 117 Agents analyze jewell 's scrapbook . tape inside it be that tiny sliver from the blown - up bench at the park ... int . bobi 's apt . - resuming 118 Bryant keep he eye on the list -- bryant a piece of the bench ? jewell it be a souvenir . bobi , feed up , climb on the sofa to take down that portrait of jewell in he habersham deputy sheriff 's uniform . bryant leave it up , bobi . ( continued ) 118 119 120 121 122 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 79 . continued : 118 bobil make I sad now , think they be doin’ this to one of they own . she turn up the volume on the tv as we drift into a -- montage of PRESS coverage 119 jay leno ( on video ) -- Calling jewell '' the una-doofus . '' jay leno ( v.o . ) ++. a scary resemblance to the guy who whacked Nancy Kerrigan . what be it about the Olympic that bring out fat , stupid guy ? Big laugh from the crowd . -- tight on a new york post , call jewell '' a fat , fail former sheriff 's deputy '' and '' a village rambo . '' -- more video , more print . a tidal wave . jewell be a national joke . we see that land on he face as we montage become ... int . ajc build - newsroom - various shot - day 120 from across the newsroom we watch Kathy and ron martz type madly , like woodward and bernstein ... then : insert : one headline after another -- bury jewell , the FBI 's case building but without any evidence . Front page after front page , in we face , slamm loudly , then -- int . bobi 's apt . - live room - night 121 Bryant , jewell , and bobi sit -- deject and silent . the place smell stale . feel like a prison ... Bryant look out the window : the horde be out there , as always . so be five FBI sedan . jewell turn a baseball game up loud . thing be feel a little crazy in here . int . donut shop - day 122 jewell pay at the counter . two guy behind he in line stare : that 's he ! jewell can feel they excitement . ( continued ) 122 123 124 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 80 . continued : 122 donut buyer now , you be not gonna blow we up , be ya ? no reply from jewell , just a wounded smile . he get he change , take away two bag , and exit . jewell thank you . ext . donut shop - parking lot - continuous action 123 jewell emerge . Bryant wait here , in jewell 's pickup . so do five FBI sedan . oddly , jewell head for one of they -- the one that Shaw be in . Bryant tighten : what 's jewell do ? jewell tap on the sedan window . Shaw roll the window down . what the ??? --- as jewell hand over one of the two bag of donut . jewell think you guy might be hungry . shaw uh ... we can not accept this . across the street , 100 photographer capture it all ... jewell it 's not a bribe or anything . I just know stakeout suck . shaw would you take they , please ? disappointed , jewell collect the bag and walk away . int . jewell 's pickup — continuous action 124 jewell get in . Bryant livid . bryant what the hell be that ? jewell it 's a cop thing . bryant a : you do not need any more donut . ( more ) ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 81 . 124 continued : 124 bryant ( cont 'd ) I be sick of everyone call you fat . B : you do not need any more attention . jewell you never do a stakeout . bryant Richard , you just give the world a headline : ' jewell tries to buy off cop with donut ! 's I can not help you if you be gonna let they make a joke out of you . jewell think if the cop like I more , they might not be so hard on we . Bryant freeze . that feel so sad and heartbreaking ... bryant they be never gonna like you . let 's just get ‘em to respect you . okay ? he open jewell 's glove compartment to stuff the bag in -- ... which be when Bryant see a small teddy bear inside . huh ? Bryant just stare , then extract the teddy bear . bryant what 's this ? jewell oh . I use to work a lot of car wreck when I be in the sheriff 's office . sometimes there would be kid involved , and they have always be scared . so , I keep teddy bear in my trunk , to calm ‘em down . just become a habit . there it be -- jewell 's pure , innocent kindness again . and Bryant be ashamed , feel like a major asshole . bryant never know when you be gonna happen upon a car wreck , I guess . jewell no , sir . Bryant put the bear away , shut the glove compartment . ( continued ) 124 125 126 127 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 82 . continued : ( 2 ) 124 bryant let 's keep this between we , so they do not accuse you of be a child molester . jewell start up the truck , pull out -- right past Shaw . Bryant toss the donut into Shaw 's window . bryant live a little . we leave the lot . the five FBI car follow . infuriate . int . bobi 's apt . - live room - dusk ( minute later ) 125 bobi watch tv . Bryant enter without a knock , resolved . bryant get up , bobi . I be take you two to dinner . bobil where 's Richard ? bryant in the car . I can not sit in this apartment anymore . let 's go . int . bryant’s 4 runner ( moving ) - evening 126 Bryant drive . bobi ride up front , jewell in back . that same five FBI sedan trail behind . he pull into : ext . parking lot - continuous action 127 the five sedan be force to follow . bobi look around . bobil Watson , where be we goin 's ? bryant you just sit tight , bobi . she shrug . Bryant make a swooping left . huh ? --.- and all the FBI sedan follow . he make a swooping right now . bobi and jewell confuse -- ( continued ) 127 128 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 83 . continued : 127 but all the sedan follow ... and now we get it . he 's just fuck with they . Bryant drive a little faster . they have to follow suit . bobil oh , my Lord ... +.. we watch as Bryant drive in a big circle , until he 's actually behind the sedan . bobi start to laugh , wave at the sedan -- all this agent try to do surveillance , hopelessly foule now . bobil you see that , Richard ?! and jewell laugh , he first bright moment in a while . Bryant beam , drive the sedan in circle ... int . blind willie 's - night ( later ) 128 a japanese man stand on a small stage , mic in hand , sing a karaoke version of '' rebel yell . '' pretty awful . but jewell , bobi , and Bryant have finally find a place to be unrecognize . jewell I like it in here , Watson . bobil I like how you handle yourself generally , Watson . ai not afraid of they agent , that 's fer sure . a waiter bring a cocktail for Bryant . beer for bobi . coca - cola for jewell . they half - toast to one another ... bryant we luck out , karaoke night . bobil you know , Richard can sing . bryant that right ? bobil sure can . jewell momma ... ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 84 . 128 continued : 128 bobil what ? he sing all the time when he be young . and he be good . '' rebel yell '' end . polite applause . the stage be empty . bobil why do not you show he , Richard ? jewell I do not think I should ... bobil why not ? you be certainly good enough for this establishment . jewell I have enough attention lately . Court of public opinion and stuff . bobil I do not see any camera , do you ? please ? for I ? jewell momma ... bobil you will not get up there and sing for you gray-haire momma like you do in school ? jewell tighten , weigh it . Bryant eyeing he ... then : bryant let 's hear it , son . that surprised jewell -- kind of surprised Bryant , too . jewell really ? ( as Bryant nod ) awright , then . he rise , unaware that -- Kathy just drift in , without fanfare . she linger by the bar , out of jewell 's eye-line as -- he get up on stage . this have to go badly , right ? he pick a song , grab the microphone . no one recognize he . the song start . bon jovi. jewell air-guitar ... ( continued ) 128 129 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 85 . continued : ( 2 ) 128 the first strain of '' want Dead or alive . '' then -- jewell it 's all the same / only the name have change -- guess what ? he 's great . Bryant can not believe it . thrill . Kathy 's kind of shocked , too . bobi puff up a bit : see ? around they , people start to notice the guy on stage , pour he heart out : Richard jewell , sing bon jovi to the dive bar . they head sway to the beat . Kathy , despite herself , just start to rethink thing ... a guy at the next table ( japanese - american , wear a suit , call he ken ) lean over to Bryant : ken that guy be really good . bryant I know . ken and he 's a dead ringer for Richard jewell ! bobi nearly gasp , but : bryant yeah . he get that a lot . Ken cheer louder , as : jewell ' Cause I be a cowboy / on a steel horse I ride / I be want / Dead or alive ... int . / ext . bryant’s car / monaco apt . - parking lot - night 129 Bryant pull up in front of the building . the horde await out here , like shark ... jewell thanks , Watson . bryant g'night , you two . ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 86 . 129 continued : 129 a beat . jewell do not want to get out . Truth be , something shift tonight . bobi can see it . bobil we be lucky to have you , Watson . and I do not just mean that legally . jewell Mom -- bobil no . I be gonna say it . Richard never have a man around to look out for he . his daddy be not worth a pitcher of warm spit , that 's for sure . walk right out on we . bryant listen , I be just try to get my hundred buck back . bobil and then he have a step -daddy who I think might be a good man and father , but he up and leave we , too . ai not no man ever stand up for he . it 's why Richard want to be a cop -- to take care of people , ' cause he know what be forget about feel like . and now here you be , take on all this for he . it touch I , Watson . Bryant nod ... look at the horde out there ... and say something that 's be on he mind for too long : bryant Richard ... we have to get you a proper defense attorney . huh ? that hover . jewell eye bobi ... jewell I do not wanna do that . bryant this be out of my league . you know that . a month ago I be do real estate closing . jewell you be the only one I trust . ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 87 . 129 continued : ( 2 ) 129 bryant well , I do not always trust cop , but sometimes I need one . and right now you need a defense attorney who specialize in capital crime . preferably from a small firm that the Bureau respects . that 's not I . jewell it 's not I , either . bryant listen , goddammit -- jewell I be not walkin’ into court with a team of lawyer behind I like o.j . that make people think you do it ! .-. which be when he voice break . he stop short ... +... will not let himself cry . but it 's close . and Bryant be stop cold . this argument just end . bobi we should get inside . bryant night , you two . they get out . Bryant watch they go . the mob descend , instantly suffocating jewell and bobi . jewell grab she hand , plow through the body -- Bryant look sicken . he get out of he car , shout : bryant you be kill he ! every goddamn one of you killing a person . be not you ashamed of yourselves ? no one in the mob reply . but jewell and bobi appreciate it . they make it safely into they apartment . door shut . the mob dissipate . Bryant get back in he car , pull out of the lot , then onto buford highway ... 130 131 132 133 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 88. ext . centennial park - morning 130 Kathy , eyeing she watch , begin to walk -- fast -- from the site of the explosion . ext . corner ( baker ST . ) - pay phone - moment later 131 Kathy arrive at the six pay - phone and eye she watch . just realize the same thing Bryant do : the math do not work . jewell could not have do it . oh. int . bobi 's apt . - front door - day 132 the door open . here 's Bryant , with more bad news : bryant they want you hair now . and you palm print , the damn bastard . jewell sag . bobi 's not around . we -- time CUT to : int . bobi 's apt . - day ( later ) 133 jewell sit while hair strand be pluck from he head by a uniform medic in glove . one at a time . Bryant watch , fume . bennet and Shaw supervise . tv on . shaw 25 pull , 25 comb . medic nod . Bryant look like he might kill somebody . bryant I want you to know , you might have a warrant for this -- but if you want to do this to I you have have to fight I . you have have to beat the shit out of I . shaw not too lawyerly , counselor . today 's ajc sit on the table . its headline : '' jewell kept souvenir of the bomb in mother 's apartment . '' on that tv , over a picture of jewell -- ( continued ) 133 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 89 . continued : 133 reporter ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) the guy be see with a homemade bomb at he home a few day before ! Bryant angrily shut the tv off . jewell let 's just get this over with before my mom come home . I would not want she seein’ this . Bryant cross to that frame portrait of jewell in he habersham county deputy sheriff uniform . he adjust the frame as if it have be askew , to call they attention to it . bryant tell I , Richard , you still proud to be law enforcement ? jewell I just wish I have do my job better that night . I wish I have get everybody far enough away . maybe if I have , I would not be sit here right now . Bryant eye Shaw and bennet . bryant you be right . he 's a monster . have you dummy do the math yet on the call from the pay phone ? shaw fuck the pay phone . my client be the people who be in that park . and they deserve not to have they fuck head blow off . bryant I actually feel sorry for you guy . when the real bomber do it again , and the country ask , ' where be the FBI ? 's you be gonna say , ' we be busy get hair sample from Richard jewell 's ? Shaw do not reply . medic I be do here . ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 90 . 133 continued : ( 2 ) 133 shaw good. ( a beat ) thanks for the professional courtesy , Richard . ya know , one cop to another . bryant there 's the door . they leave . medic follow . Bryant steaming . bryant we need to start be a little less solicitous and a lot more righteous with this bastard . jewell it 's just hair . they 's 1ll grow back . bryant why doesn't this shit make you as angry as it make I Jesus ! jewell just ' cause someone 's not yell do not mean they be not angry . bryant you be angry ? jewell course . bryant then stop be such a doormat ! stop tryin' to be they best friend ! I be tired of it . jewell I be tired of stuff , too ! bryant yeah ? like what ? ( as jewell 's silent ) like what ? jewell walk into the kitchen , leave Bryant alone . we hear a cabinet open . Bryant call out : bryant you reach for a cookie right now and I be gonna kill someone ! ( continued ) 133 134 135 136 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 91 . continued : ( 3 ) 133 we hear the cabinet close . int . bobi 's apt . - kitchen - continuous action 134 the doorbell ring . Bryant cross to it , open it . bryant what . nadya stand here . on the doorstep . grim as hell . bryant what 's wro -- she cover he mouth , urgently . nadya sssssshhhh . she step inside . Bryant at a loss . jewell appear . nadya shut the door and hold up a note : '' we office be bugge -- in the ceiling . we phone be also bugge . this place be probably bugged too . '' Bryant and jewell just stare . jewell whisper : jewell how can they keep doin’ this , Watson ? bryant that 's easy . they can do it because you do not matter . that feel ugly but true , and it hang there . cut to : ext . olympic stadium - night ( NBC footage ) 135 close ceremonies . America bid farewell . ext . olympic stadium - day 136 this huge space , empty now . just a meager clean - up crew . 137 138 139 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 92 . ext . olympic swimming venue - day 137 empty . the game be a memory . ext . centennial park - day 138 empty . no more sound and light tower . no sign of the crime . but a space be be measure for a sculpture to commemorate the tragedy . int . bar - night 139 Shaw sit alone , get hammer . then -- Kathy appear , take the barstool beside he . Shaw 's expression instantly harden into cold contempt . Kathy signal to the bartender for Shaw 's drink to be refill . Shaw do not react . shaw I can not fuck believe you have have the nerve to sit here . kathy jewell could not have place the call . ( as Shaw glare ) the math be wrong . I try to cover the distance between the site and the pay phone ; he could not have -- shaw we know that . kathy you know that ? shaw just mean he have a accomplice . kathy a accomplice . shaw sure . why not ? kathy the ' Lone bomber 's profile . the wannabe cop . with a accomplice ? ( continued ) 139 140 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 93 . continued : 139 shaw first , profile be a jump - off point . and Oklahoma City have two bomber , remember ? kathy so who be it ? shaw right . I be gonna tell you . after you burn I like that . kathy Fine . i’11l just write that the case against jewell be start to weaken . bad fact , et cetera . shaw where do you get this idea that I work for you ? or that we work together ? in fact , I do not know why I be even talk to you . kathy ( know grin ) I know why . he get up to go , leave he scotch on the bar . kathy whoa . never see you leave one un - finish before . shaw it 's yours . choke on it . ext . centennial park - AT&T pavilion - night 140 the feel be foggy -- a memory ... or a dream -- we be outside the SOUND and light tower , one minute before that alice pack will explode . cop move people away . confusion and urgency . SOUND dip in and out . reverse angle to jewell he 's look at all this cop and bystander , who be about to be injure . there 's Alice hawthorne , who be about to die . and jewell know it ... so : he crawl under that bench and pull the alice pack into he , wrapping himself around it like a human bomb blanket . ( continued ) 140 141 142 143 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 94 , continued : 140 he know what 's come -- a hero 's death . shut he eye , can hear the bag ticking ... 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 ... then : it explode . a electric white light . jewell literally come apart in a eruption of violence and sound as -- int . bobi 's apt . -— jewell 's bedroom - night ( reality ) 141 jewell 's eye slam open ... we -- int . fast food place - day 142 Dave dutchess eat a burger , all alone ... until : bennet and Shaw plant themselves opposite he , badge out . quite a unpleasant surprise . dutchess tighten . bennet mister dutchess . ya get a minute ? dutchess sigh . we hear the beginning of a helicopter SOUND and match that SOUND to : int . bobi 's apt . - night ( late ) 143 on tv : a WWII movie . John Wayne . mute . outside , we hear a helicopter hover . dutchess be here , opposite jewell , bobi , and Bryant . a feel of shock and gloom hang . and this be whisper : dutchess -.. they have decide that since you could not have place the 9 - 1 - 1 call , you must have have a partner . they think that partner must be you homosexual boyfriend ... which they have decide be probably I . that land on the face of everyone ... dutchess and they ask I to wear a wire . jewell Jesus ... bobil Richard . jewell sorry , mar ’am . ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 95 . 143 continued : 143 dutchess I tell ‘em to shove it . I say you be a hero . they say , ' if he 's really a hero , then he have nothing to worry about and neither do you . 's also say one of you gbi buddy -- the one you make lasagna for when he come over -- he be wire , too . get a lot on you . that hurt jewell deeply . he 's silent . dutchess go on : dutchess ( reluctantly ) um ... there 's one other thing : they ask I if I have ever have any experience with pipe bomb ... I have to tell ‘em the truth . Bryant shut he eye without meaning to ... dutchess ya know , little one . we use to drop ‘em down groundhog hole when I be a kid in West Virginia . bobil David . my Lord ... dutchess I tell ‘em this be year before I even meet Richard . I say ita couple time . still ... I be sorry . jewell it 's okay . but it 's not okay . they all know it . outside , the sound of that helicopter grow louder , closer ... bobi , depressed as hell , return to the tv and un-mute it . the sound of a movie battle fill the room : WWII mortar round and gunfire erupting . but instantly -- jewell Mom ! jewell leap for the remote , turn the tv off . jewell how 's it gonna look if we be in here watch movie about thing blow up ?! do not you know they be listening ! ? ( continued ) 143 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 96 . continued : ( 2 ) 143 it 's bobi 's break point . she cry , run to she room , slam the door . jewell hurry over , get there , knock . tries the handle . it 's lock . that helicopter hover . jewell Mom ? I be sorry . C ’mon out . we can watch whatever you want . we hear bobi 's sob through the door . jewell sink . jewell Mom , please ? do not stay in there . c’mon out . I will not say nothin’ again . please ... Bryant and nadya be leave on the sofa , watch . jewell keep knock on bobi 's door -- jewell momma , please . whatever you want -- bobi open the door , she eye wet . the room go silent , save for the sound of that goddamn helicopter overhead ... bobil Richard , I be scared . jewell I , too , momma . bobil I do not know how to protect you from this people ... he grab she and hang on . bobi cry . Bryant and nadya be across the room . jewell eye they , while still embrace he mother : jewell Three day , Watson . she 's have three day to be proud of she son in she whole life . now this . it be not right . bryant then be you ready to start fight back ? jewell nod . yes , he 's ready . not a small moment . 144 145 146 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 97 . ext./ int . chilivis bldg ./ bryant’s 4 runner - morning 144 this normally dead street be packed with PRESS today . Bryant drive jewell into the driveway / alley of this building , he truck push the mob aside as he smile warmly for the camera . instantly , nadya ( in she car ) and Dave dutchess ( in he ) pull they car nose -to - nose in front of the alley , blockade it behind Bryant 's . int . chilivis bldg . - conference room - moment later 145 a odd , musty feel . medieval tapestries hang on the wall . the shade be down because the mob be right outside , in the alley -- so the room be sunless . jewell sit , scared , as he 's wire by richard rackleff ( 5as , stocky , a FBI lifer , private sector now . ) jewell do not see why we can not just let the FBI do this . bryant you would trust they with the result ? Bryant open the shade , wave out the window . jewell who ya wavin’ to ? bryant my new friend . a FBI van with bubble -window sit across the street . jewell oh ... jewell 's anxiety rise . rackleff look to Bryant : get lose . Bryant eye jewell ... then leave . we -- time CUT to : int . chilivis bldg . - conference room - moment later 146 the polygraph . the pressure cuff . the needle . and : rackleff Richard , whose idea be it for you to take a polygraph test ? ( continued ) 146 147 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 98 . continued : 146 jewell Watson 's . jewell 's sweat . rackleff eye the readout . rackleff how do you think you will do on it ? jewell Fine . rackleff do you know who put that bomb in Olympic Park ? bang . they eye meet . jewell gulp . int . bryant 's office - a hour later 147 nadya rest on the couch . Bryant look out the window at that bubble - window van and the mob loitering outside . bryant can you make some more of that pirozhkis ? they be good . nadya careful , Watson . in Russia if a woman make pirozhkis twice for a man , it mean they be engage . he grin . rackleff enter , look grim . Bryant spring toward he , motion for he to be quiet , point to the ceiling and indicate , '' bug . '' rackleff nod , lean in , and whisper : rackleff you boy be tanking . hard . Bryant 's eye widen . nadya 's , too . Bryant whisper back . bryant what do that mean ? rackleff his pulse , respiration , and skin conductivity be all off the chart -- all point to massive deception . and guilt . ( continued ) 147 148 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 99 . continued : 147 bryant ( oh , fuck ) i. uh ... rackleff look to be in the throes of a anxiety attack . think you could calm he down a little ? int . chilivis bldg . - conference room - moment later 148 a donut sit on a plate . jewell , still wire - up , eye it . Bryant beside he . jewell that mean I be doin 's bad ? bryant you be do fine . he think you blood sugar 's low . eat it . jewell bite into the donut , he eye shutting . bryant can I tell you something , Richard ? ( as jewell shrug ) I go to Episcopal school as a kid . when I be in first grade , two nun accuse I of write something unholy on my desk -- jewell 's wonder : why be he tell I this ? bryant I have not do it , but they be sure I have . so they send I back to kindergarten for a week -- just to humiliate I ; then they ask I if I have learn my lesson . I say I have not because I have not write on the desk in the first place . they ask I how I have like to go sit in kindergarten for two week . I say , ' you can throw I in there for a year -- I still can not apologize for write on the desk because I didn ’t do it . 's jewell you say that to nun ? ( continued ) 148 149 150 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 100 . continued : 148 bryant I do . and they back off . ( be : FBI agent ) power do not make a person right . just tell you story , okay ? jewell nod , ready . int . bryant 's office - 4 hour later - day 149 Bryant and nadya sleep on the couch . rackleff enter after a 4 - hour test , exhaust . nadya bolt up . Bryant wait , afraid to breathe . bryant ( be : ceiling bug ) maybe we should talk somewhere el -- rackleff he pass , high level . ' no deception indicate . 's Bryant want to shout or jump up and down . we can win this thing . but he remain calm . bryant thank you . jewell appear , over rackleff 's shoulder . equally exhaust . Bryant eye he . a share moment ... int . ajc build - 8 th floor - newsroom - day 150 the place thrum . Kathy at she desk . martz walk by : martz anything interesting ? kathy gangland murder . Fucking yawn . martz smile , move on . Kathy type away , when -- bryant ( 0.s. ) hi , Kathy . she look up . and she eye go wide -- because : here be bryant and jewell . in the lion 's de . it come to a halt . silence . Kathy brace herself -- ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 101 . 150 continued : 150 bryant it be a souvenir from the bombing . not the bomb . I say that when you ask for a quote . kathy I know . I be sorry . bryant and who be you to make fun of a guy for stay with he mother ? she be go to have surgery ; he want to help she out . what 's weird about that ? tell he . ( off no reply ) while you be at it you can tell he how he ' approach this newspaper seek publicity for he action . 's which he do not . kathy that be add during editorial . bryant or how he fit the lone- bomber profile to a T , a ' wannabe 's seek to become a hero , when all he do be actually save live . go ahead . we have get all day . kathy it be a mistake . I be human . bryant so 's Richard . with that , Bryant and jewell head out . Kathy 's silent . 151 int . HOTEL - ballroom - day 151 bobi stand at a bank of microphone in a ballroom full of reporter and cameras , Bryant just a few foot away as : bobi I be so very drain . I hope and pray to God that this never happen to anybody else . I do not think any of you can even begin to imagine what we life be like . shutter click , tape roll . she go on : ( continued ) 151 152 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 102 . continued : 151 bobil they have take all privacy from we . they have take all peace . they watch and photograph everything we do . and why ? because my son do he job , because he save people . bobi look to she side : Bryant , encourage she ... bobil I be ask the President for help today . mister President , my son be a hero . I think the FBI know that by now ; the evidence make it plain . if they do not intend to charge my son , please tell we . please tell the world ... bobi have one more sentence to get through . and it be -- bobil mister President , please clear my son 's name ... and she lose it , break down in sob , on camera . Bryant step up , gently guide she off the podium ... int . HOTEL - kitchen - moment later 152 bobi be a wreck . Bryant lead she into a large kitchen -- jewell have be wait here among busboys and chef . bobi fall into he arm , sobbing . jewell momma , it 's awright ... bobil I do not know what happen . I think I do not have any more tear leave . be that okay , Watson ? jewell and bobi turn , and they jaw drop a bit because : Bryant 's eye be wet , too . it shock he as much as it shock they . busboys watch . he gather himself , then : bryant this all have to end now , Richard . I mean really end . you know that . ( as jewell nod ) I be call the FBI . ( continued ) 152 153 154 155 156 157 158 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 103 . continued : 152 bobil ya see ? that 's what I be talkin’ about . he just be not afraid of nobody . jewell you should hear what he say to nun , momma . Bryant study jewell -- a long beat -- then : bryant let 's go show ‘em who you be . ext . FBI field office ( atlanta ) - morning 153 american flag and american power . october 6 , 1996 . int . bobi 's apt . —- same time — morning 154 jewell stand at a mirror , put on a tie . Big day . int . bryant 's office - same time - morning 155 Bryant knot a tie , too . definitely the best -look suit we have see he in yet . very lawyerly . nadya be at the desk , methodically pack all he file into a briefcase for he . somber , but confident . they eye meet -- pure gratitude from Bryant . ext . FBI field office ( atlanta ) - day 156 Bryant 's 4 runner pull up . jewell and Bryant emerge , in suit . int . FBI field office ( atlanta ) - lobby - day 157 jewell sign in , Bryant behind he . a security guard ( old , black ) wave they through a metal detector . int . FBI field office ( atlanta ) - hallway - day 158 jewell and Bryant exit a elevator , lead by agent bennet down a hallway to chair outside a conference room door . bennet we will be right with you . ( continued ) 158 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 104 . continued : 158 agent bennet enter the conference room , leave jewell and Bryant alone in this quiet corridor . silence . bryant they be go to ask to see I first . to set the ground rule . jewell I want they to know I be not gay . bryant believe I , you will get the chance to tell they . Shaw pass by , stare right through they before vanish into the conference room . jewell eye the floor . then a SOUND . he turn : it 's a office clerk ... push a supply cart by we . pen , scotch tape , etc . jewell watch he go , memory swirl . Bryant , too . bryant see if he 's get any snicker bar , will ya ? jewell almost laugh . almost . bryant you know what a 1001 be , Richard ? jewell lying to a federal agent . bryant it 's a felony . you say anything in there that be not true , they can put you in jail without ever prove you be a bomber . so if you do not know what to say , you say nothing . you ask for a five - minute break , you consult with I . but you do not improvise . get it ? jewell nod . bennet lean out of the conference room -- bennet mister Bryant ? Bryant eye jewell : we have get this . then duck into : 159 160 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 105 . int . field office ( atlanta ) - conference room - same time 159 windowless and line with evidence : a actual bench from outside the tower , the actual pay phone from the 9 - 1 - 1 call , aerial photo of Centennial Park . and : Shaw , bennet , and Bruce Hughes -- at a table . bryant who do you decorate ? Ted kaczynski ? a small jab , but it make Bryant feel better . return to : int . FBI field office ( atlanta ) - hallway - resuming 160 jewell sit , eyeing that guy push the supply cart . supply cart guy come to a door , open it , disappear inside , leave he cart in the hallway . jewell rise , without even know why , and drift toward the cart , down the hall ... just about to reach it when ... door open . supply cart guy emerge . they eye meet . supply cart guy can I help you ? jewell no , I just ... supply cart guy vanish down the hall with he ware . jewell return to he seat , just as -- the conference room door open . Bryant emerge . bryant be you ready ? jewell I think so . bryant I mean ready -- to look at this guy not as suspect to agent but as cop to cop . do not give they any more deference than they be due , Richard . they do not deserve it . and don 's T keep call they ' sir . 's ( continued ) 160 161 162 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 106 . continued : 160 jewell they be still the U.S. government . bryant no . they be not the U.S. government . they be just three prick who work for the U.S. government . understand the difference ? nobody in that room be a better man than you , Richard . believe I . ( as that land ) you will be fine . a father - son moment . it get through . jewell rise . int . field office ( atlanta ) - conf . room - continuous 161 action jewell enter . his accuser await . we -- time CUT to : int . FBI field office ( atlanta ) - conf . room - day 162 ( later ) jewell have be in here for hour , flanke by Bryant . shaw Richard , have you ever access a Internet site call candyman 's candyland for information about the anarchist 's cookbook ? jewell no , I have not . shaw but you do have police training in handle explosive . bryant we have cover this . shaw do you ever collect any piece of pipe from Centennial Park when it be under construction ? jewell no , I do not . ( continued ) richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 107 . 162 continued : 162 shaw do you ever tell anyone in that park , ' take my picture now , ' cause one day I be go to be famous 's ? jewell no , sir . ( as Bryant eye he ) no , I do not . shaw sure about that ? jewell hundre percent . shaw do you ever tell anyone that you be on you way to Atlanta and ' it 's gonna be a mess out there 's ? jewell I mean the traffic jam . shaw be there a specific reason you ask to be station at the sound and light tower ? jewell I like listen to the music . the night before , I have have my mom come out to hear Kenny Rogers . also , it be a great place to look at girl . I be not a homosexual . shaw you and David dutchess be not lover ? bryant ask and answer . shaw Richard , you say earlier that on the night of the explosion , as you be move from the tower to the stage and back again , you do not have a fix on the time . be that right ? ( continued ) 162 163 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 108. continued : ( 2 ) 162 jewell when you have the run -- excuse I -- you be not think about what time it be . you be just try to get to a bathroom . shaw so you can not say exactly when you see that drunk throw the beer can at the tower . jewell no . shaw or when you first see the backpack ? jewell that 's correct . shaw have you ever see a backpack like that before ? jewell I suppose so . shaw have you ever see that particular backpack before ? bryant ask and answer . can we move on ? shaw Richard , do you conspire with David dutchess or anyone else to plant a bomb at Centennial Park ? jewell sag . we push in on he , he eye shut , as -- flashback - ext . centennial park - AT&T pavilion - night 163 his memory : the moment of the blast . death in slow motion . Green down . other cop down . Alice hawthorne dead . fallon shriek . blood , smoke ... then -- CUT back to : richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 109 . 164 int . FBI field office ( atlanta ) - conf . room - resuming 164 ( present ) jewell open he eye . Bryant step in for he -- jewell no . shaw then how the fuck do you know to be behind that AT&T Tower at exactly the right moment so it have protect you from the explosion ? jewell 's knock back . Shaw eye he , venomous . shaw cop fly into the air . I be one of ‘em . and you come out without a scratch . how be that ? how be that ? if jewell be go to buckle , now be the moment ... but : jewell can I ask you fella something : do you have any kind of actual case against I ? that surprised everyone -- Bryant , the fed . but -- --. it 's time to speak truth to power , at last : jewell I mean evidence . be there anything in my mother 's tupperware ? any bomb-make material in she apartment ? bryant Richard , you do not need to volunteer anything here . let 's let they ask the -- jewell -- I use to think federal law enforcement be just about the high call a person could aspire to . but I hafta say , I do not anymore . not after all this . Bryant just decide to let jewell go ... ( continued ) 164 165 166 167 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 110 . continued : 164 jewell I do my job that night . some people be alive right now ' cause of that . but the next time some security guard see a suspicious package somewhere , ya think he 's gonna call it in ? I doubt it . he 's gonna say to himself , ' I do not wanna be another Richard jewell . so I be just gonna run . 's and how 's that make anybody any safer ? ( as no one reply ) you - all can keep followin’ I ; I guess I can stand it . but every second you spend on I be time you be not on the guy who actually did it . and like Watson say , what happen when he do it again ? ( as again , no answer ) so , be you gonna charge I with anything ? can you ? the truth ? no . they can not . they do not have anything . jewell then I be gonna go now . he rise , head for the door . Bryant smile proudly . int . FBI - elevator - moment later 165 jewell and Bryant climb in . the door shut . Bryant be near tear with pride . jewell , too . int . FBI office ( atlanta ) - conf . room - same time 166 Shaw sit alone . done . and he know it . ext . monaco apt . - bobi ’'s front door - day ( later ) 167 Bryant walk jewell to the door . knock . bobi open up , study they face for a clue ... a sign . bobil how would you do ? Bryant 's about to answer but the word sputter a bit -- there 's some surprising emotion behind they . then : ( continued ) 167 168 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 111 . continued : 167 bryant he do great . bobi wrap she boy in a hug . Bryant smile . dissolve to : int . coffee shop - morning 168 jewell and Bryant sit , not eat , both tense . people recognize jewell , but no one meet he eye . Shaw enter the coffee shop , spot they , head over . shaw gentlemen . bryant agent Shaw . barely acknowledge jewell at all , Shaw extract a letter from a briefcase , hand it to Bryant -- bryant what 's this ? Shaw nod , '' read it . '' Bryant do so . two paragraph -- beginning with : '' you client be no longer a suspect in the investigation of ... '' bryant I be assume you will be announce this to all the major news outlet -- Tom brokaw and the like . shaw Mr. Bryant , I still think you client be guilty as hell . no reply . Shaw go . jewell be silent . jewell so ... it 's over ? really over ? bryant over . you win , Richard . and it all hit -- hard . the month of wound , tension , grief . jewell try not to cry , but it 's impossible -- he head drop . a big sob spill out . ( continued ) 168 169 170 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 112 . continued : 168 Bryant take he hand . jewell keep cry . he grab at that letter , pull it close . we leave they here ... int . bobi 's apt . - same time 169 bobi open the door to find 20 FBI guy stand here , with cardboard box . bobil oh . in they come , bear she return belonging . box , leave in the middle of the room . bobi open a box . all she tupperware inside . each piece have number on it now , in black marker . she sigh . we find that portrait on the wall -- jewell in the uniform of the habersham county police . then we -- dissolve to : int . luthersville police dept . - hq - day ( 2003 ) 170 jewell be in uniform again -- now as a luthersville , ga. police officer . he 's at a table , catalogue evidence . another cop pass by : other luthersville cop I be goin’ to the diner , Richard . you want anythin’ ? jewell naah . bring my own . thanks . other cop smile , go . jewell be '' one of the guy '' around here . respected . that feel pretty great . as he continue to work , we -- superimpose : '' Richard jewell serve with distinction in the luthersville , ga. Police Department . '' '' he bring lawsuit against piedmont College , NBC , the New York Post , and CNN -- win settlement from each . '' just then , he look up to find bryant stand here . jewell hey , Watson ! how you doin 's ? how 's nadya ? ( continued ) 170 171 172 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 113 . continued : 170 bryant they find he , Richard . ( as jewell 's a blank ) Eric rudolph -- just confess to plant the bomb at Centennial Park . silence . it take a second for that to land -- every other cop in here look to jewell now ... but jewell do not react . just can not . jewell when 's he be arraign ? bryant I do not know . jewell find out , okay ? Bryant nod ... int . courthouse - corridor - day ( 2005 ) 171 jewell and Bryant emerge from a courtroom . through a door behind they we see a man ( eric rudolph ) in a orange jumpsuit be lead away . we -- superimpose : '' the real bomber , Eric rudolph , be capture and sentence to four life sentence on domestic terrorism charge -- include the bombing at Centennial Park . '' the courtroom door close . Bryant and jewell head down this corridor toward the exit . superimpose : '' Kathy scrugg die at the age of 42 . Medical examiner be unable to confirm if the cause have be intentional or accidental . agent Tom Shaw die a year and a half later of a heart attack , still convinced of Richard jewell 's guilt . '' jewell and Bryant enter the elevator . int . federal courthouse - elevator - moment later 172 jewell and Bryant descend in silence ... until : ( continued ) 172 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 114 . continued : 172 jewell oh. almost forget . this be for you . jewell hand Bryant a envelope . bryant what be it ? jewell shrug , '' open it . '' Bryant open it : Inside , a 100 - dollar bill . Bryant grin ... jewell all square ? Bryant nod , he fondness obvious . but just then -- the elevator stop on 8 and a guy get in . call he joe nobody . the door close . down we go , in silence . but -- Joe nobody grimace . he know he recognize jewell from somewhere . just can not figure out where . it 's bugging he . jewell and Bryant have experience this 500 time now . it 's always annoying . but they let it go . we can feel Joe nobody rack he memory . where have I see this guy 's face before ? but he 's draw blank . Elevator stop on the 2nd floor . Joe get out . finally . then , just as the door start to close , he eye light up . it just come to he . he turn to jewell , so excited : joe nobody now I remember ! you be the Olympic bomber . that land on the face of jewell and Bryant -- a sense that this will never end , not really , anyway . jewell know that in he soul . as the door close , we hear ... watson no , he 's the hero . as he will forever come to he defense . +.-continue the epilogue : ( continued ) 172 richard jewell - 6/20/19 ( full Blue ) 115 . continued : ( 2 ) 172 '' in 2007 , with he suit against the Atlanta Journal constitution enter its eleventh year , Richard jewell die , at the age of 44 , of heart failure . '' '' five month later , the suit be dismiss . '' fade out . the end this script be prepare by warner bros . picture script processing department ( 818 ) 954-4632