rieko mery '' morty - night run '' by David Phillips episode 202 final animatic draft 9/8/14 all rights reserved . copyright '' the cartoon Network Inc. / Turner Broadcasting system . no portion of this script may be perform , publish , reproduce , sell or distribute by any mean , or quote or publish in any medium , include on any website , without prior write consent of the cartoon Network Inc. / Turner Broadcasting system . disposal of the script copy do not alter any of the restriction set forth above . ram 202 " morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 1. act one ext . space - establishing Rick 's ship fly through space . rick 1 learn to fly this thing , morty , be gonna be really liberate . int . rick 's ship - space rick , morty , and jerry be fly through space . Jerry be in the backseat . Rick be in the passenger seat . rick 1a you know , y-y - you be gonna be free to go on all kind of errand for I . morty 2 cool . rick 3 see that planet right there ? do not fly too close to that planet , someone will come out and try to wash you windshield . we hear a old nokia-style ringtone of '' back that azz up . '' rick ( cont 'd ) 4 hold on . ( answer phone , sketchy ) yeah . yeah , I have it . where do you want to meet ? alright , cool . he hang up , excited . rick ( cont 'd ) 5 alright , morty , lesson 's over . we get some business to attend to a few light minute south of here . jerry 6 oh , you still use '' south '' in space . 6a Rick scream in shock . rick 7 whoa , Jesus , Jerry , what the hell be you do here ? ram 202 " morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 2 . jerry 8 what be you talk about , we agree a boy 's father should be present when he 's learn to drive . rick 9 I guess I remember that . wow , and you have just be back there this whole time ? amazing . ( check watch ) well we do not have time to take he to Earth , morty . w- head for 3924917 . jerry 10 cool , haha ! look like I be come along for a adventure . rick will yyyyep . - ext . space - elsewhere Rick 's ship arrive at some empty stretch of space . morty ( v.o. ) 12 this be where we be go ? rick ( v.0 . ) 13 nope . a asteroid cover with the futuristic alien equivalent of a strip mall shimmer into existence and narrowly miss they as it soar by . dumpy bus-look spaceship and other craft soar away from it . rick ( v.o. ) 14 this be . you can park in a handicap spot , morty . anything with less than eight limb be consider disabled here . int . sterile build - day Rick , Jerry , and morty enter this strip mall lobby that feel like a low - budget animal hospital or car rental . Rick nod at a reptilian clerk behind the counter , who slide a clipboard to he , which he start fill out . helen , a large , motherly reptilian , approach Jerry . ram 202 20a '' morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 3 . helen 15 well , look at this fella ! be not you handsome . jerry 16 thank you . I be Jerry . helen 17 oh I know you be . do you come here in a spaceship ? she escort he out of the room . int . hall - soon Jerry be flatter by the attention . jerry 18 I be travel with my son and father - in- law - w- wait , be they come ? helen 19 oh they 's 11 be back soon . jerry 20 what ? she open a door and usher he through . int . jerryboree - continuous Jerry enter a room contain dozen of jerrys . some be sleep , most of they be walk around aimlessly say thing like '' excuse I '' and '' can I get some help here ? '' jerry 21 what the hell ? another jerry stand nearby turn to we Jerry . another jerry 22 ( share he outrage ) I know , right ? yet another jerry be ushere into the room by another reptilian . that Jerry look around . yet another jerry 23 oh , what the hell ? we Jerry look at he . ram 202 '' morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 4 . jerry 24 I know , right ? int . sterile build - same time Rick continue fill out the form on the clipboard . morty be look at display literature for this place , which be apparently call : morty 25 '' jerryboree ? '' you create a daycare for my dad ? rick 26 be you kid , I wish I have this idea . well , I do have this idea , but I wish I be the version of I that own it . that guy 's rich . reptilian clerk 27 do not forget to check the reason for you drop off . we see the form Rick 's fill out include option like '' Earth under siege '' and '' threaten to tell Beth . '' we catch another glimpse of the form Rick 's fill out , which contain a outline of a Jerry where you can indicate exist physical Jerry damage . there 's two option for length of stay : '' unknown '' and '' forever . '' rick 31 trust I , morty , I have hear storey from other rick . jerrys do not tend to last five minute off of Earth . here they can romp and play with other jerrys and this be a totally unregister cross - temporal asteroid , he could not be safer . ( hand morty a scrap ) hey , morty , hang on to this . that number be you dad . if you lose it , we be not gonna be able to get he back . ext . space parking garage - day - establishing int . space parking garage - continuous Rick 's ship soar in and nearly hit several better- look spaceship while parking . '' morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) int . rick be ship - continuous rick okay , wait here . morty I want to come with . rick do not come with , it 's boring , it 's - ( burp ) it 's business stuff . morty what kind of business do you do in a garage ? you know this seem a little shady . rick right , yeah , like nothing shady ever happen in a fully furnish office ? you ever hear about Wall Street , morty ? y-y - y - you know what that guy do in a- in th- in they fancy board room ? they take they ball and they dip they in cocaine and wipe they all over each other . you know , grandpa go around and he do he business in public because grandpa be not shady . krombopulos michael , a tough -look creature , appear at Rick 's window and tap on the glass . rick ( cont 'd ) ah , crap . ( roll down window ) hey , what 's up ? krombopulos michael hey , Rick ! ( hold up a bag ) haha , here you go , three thousand flerbos . do you have the weapon ? rick ( embarrassed ) C - can we please - this be my grandson , morty . krombopulos michael well hi , morty ! I be krombopulos Michael , I be a assassin , I buy gun from you grandpa ! 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 ram 202 " morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 6 . rick 41 ugh. unbelievable . ( hand out a case ) here . go away . Michael open the case and brandish a sinister look ray gun . krombopulos michael 42 ooooh , yeah , this look deadly . so this shoot anti-matter ? my target can not be kill with regular matter . Nice to meet you , morty . ( offer card ) listen , if you ever need anybody murder please give I a call . I be very discreet , I have no code of ethic , I will kill anyone anywhere . Children , animal , old people , it do not matter . I just love killin’ . rick 45 you be g- you be give he a card ?! morty take Michael 's card . it 's a high - tech holographic card display Michael 's smile face , he dynamically update coordinate and , of course , '' krombopulos Michael , killer . '' Michael walk away , leave morty and Rick in silence for a beat . morty 46 you sell weapon to killer ? for money ? the camera slowly push into Rick 's face as if morty , and the audience , be about to learn the most epic truth reveal in the show thus far . rick 47 ugh , you have get what the intergalactic call a very planetary mindset , morty . it 's more complicated out here , this be not '' money , '' this be flerbos . do you understand what two human can accomplish with three thousand of this ? morty 48 uh , what ? ram 202 " morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 7. rick 49 a entire afternoon at blip and chiiiiiiitz ! we zoom into he happy mouth , and when we zoom out we be in : int . blip & chitz - day a intergalactic arcade with all the coolest game and eat . rick 50 oh , this place be the best , it 's get beer , game , prize , and you can never tell what time it be . they walk past a bank of game machine . morty 51 you sell a gun to a murderer so you could play video game ? rick 52 yeah sure , I mean if you spend all day shuffle word around you can make anything sound bad , morty . here , check this out . Rick slap a helmet from one of the machine onto morty 's head and insert a flerbo . morty 's eye roll back . int . bedroom - night 52a roy , a twelve year old boy , wake with a start . his mom be sit on the edge of the bed . roy 52b ah ! mom 53 Roy , what 's wrong ? roy 54 I have a nightmare . I be with a old man . he put a helmet on I ... mom 55 it 's just a fever . get some sleep , I do not want you miss school on Monday . ram 202 57a 59a '' morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 8 . int . school - day Roy study a textbook while we hear a teacher instruct . teacher ( v.o. ) 56 I want you kid to look around you today and think about you future . Roy look out the window at kid play football . teacher ( v.o. ) 57 now be the time in you life when anything be possible . we zoom in on the spiraling football . the football be catch by a twenty year old Roy as a stadium cheer . he run . sportscaster ( v.o. ) 58 spirale perfectly it 's gonna be catch by Roy parson . Roy parson be at the twenty , now he 's at the ten , nothing can stop roy the rocket ! touchdown ! Roy catch the eye of rhonda , a bookish girl in the crowd . they smile at each other . we dissolve on Rhonda 's face to : int . dine room - evening thirty year old Rhonda in a modest home address a thirty year old Roy across the dinner table as they eight year old son pick at he food . rhonda 59 I just think it 's time to get realistic . have you talk to my father about the carpet store ? Roy ? int . carpet store - day forty year old Roy take inventory in a carpet store . he sigh . it 's a live . his phone ring . he look at it . the caller id read '' Doctor Schmidt . '' int . doctor 's office - day doctor schmidt somberly explain test result to roy. ram 202 " morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 9 . doctor schmidt 60 have we catch it sooner ... well , hindsight be twenty twenty , Roy , what 's important be that we move quickly . int . hospital - day a forty eight year old , emaciate Roy be in a hospital bed . Rhonda hold he hand . roy 61 I be not ready to die . rhonda 62 you be not go to . int . live room - day 62a Roy be wheeled into he house . his family cheer from around a table with a cake , under a banner that say '' cancer can't stop the rocket . '' it 's a jubilant scene . int . carpet store - day Roy be fifty five now . he pleasantly shake hand with a satisfied customer . customer 63 hey thanks for the carpet , Roy . Roy watch the customer go , then turn to look at he desk . there 's a trophy with a football on it that say '' World 's greatest dad . '' Roy smile to himself . manager ( v.o. ) 64 hey Roy , you pull that Persian off - white shag for the clearance sale ? 64a Roy go to a step ladder and start struggle with a roll of carpet . he lose he balance , fall off the ladder and break he neck . his eye roll back into he head . roy 64aa whoa , sh- shiiit ! agh . the word '' game over '' appear over he death in spooky font . ram 202 64b 65a '' morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 10 . int . blip & chitz - later morty 's eye roll back down and he rip the helmet off he head in shock , look around . morty 65 hoh , what the hell ?! w-w - where be I ? what in the hell ?! Rick have be drink he beer and watch the screen on morty 's machine , which we now see be a game call '' Roy : a life well live . '' rick 66 ( examine screen ) fifty five year . not bad , morty . y - you kind of waste you thirty though with that whole '' bird watch '' phase . morty 67 w- where - where 's my wife ? rick 68 morty , you be just play a game . it 's call Roy . snap out of it . come on . Rick grab ticket from the machine , hand they to morty and take the helmet . morty 69 ( remember ) I be morty . you be Rick . ( back to himself ) hey ! you sell a gun to a guy that kill people ! rick 70 look at this ... ( be : screen ) you beat cancer , and then you go back to work at the carpet store ? boo . morty 71 D - do not dodge the issue , Rick ! selling a gun to a hitman be the same as pull the trigger ! rick 72 it 's also the same as do nothing . ( more ) ram 202 75a tia '' morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 11 . rick ( cont 'd ) if krombopulos Michael want someone dead , there 's not a lot anyone can do to stop he , that 's why he do it for a live . ( put on helmet ) now excuse I , it 's time to thrash you Roy score . morty 73 you know , you could stop this kill from happen , Rick . you know , y-you do a bad thing sell that gun but you could undo it if you want . rick 74 ( half concentrate ) uh huh . yeah that 's the difference between you and I , morty . I never go back to the carpet store . Rick fully concentrate on the game . a pass random alien notice Rick 's skill . random alien 75 Holy shit , this guy 's take Roy off the grid ! ( call out ) this guy do not have a social security number for Roy ! a small crowd gather around the machine . morty fume for a beat , then storm off . int . jerryboree - day Jerry , upset , talk to helen at the front desk . jerry 76 hi , I be sorry , I think there be a misunderstanding . I be a adult and would like to go home , please . helen 77 well of course , right through that tube . Jerry look around annoyed , but still enter the tube . jerry 78 unbelievable . ram 202 80a 81a 81b " morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 12 . helen 79 you be do great ! jerry 80 ( indignant ) I know how to crawl in a tube . ( crawl ) ah , come on . uch , this be harder than it look . ( Jerry do not know how to crawl through a tube ) . as he go through , we now see a huge room with ton of this tube . Jerry keep crawl and reach a slide . jerry ( cont 'd ) 81 whooooa ! he curl around and then fly out into : int . jerryboree - ball pit - continuous other jerrys be have fun in the ball pit . the entire room be decorate like a play version of morty 's home . jerry 82 you guy be enjoy this ? do not you feel a little patronize ? other jerry 83 how so ? just then a alien dress in a large , plushy beth costume come in . plushy beth 84 jeerrrrry ! jerry 85 oh come on , this be ridiculous . plushy beth 86 I love you , Jerry ! jerry 87 ( melting ) awww , beeeth ! plushy beth 88 who want to come watch Midnight run with director 's commentary on ? other jerrys 89 yeah ! / definitely ! / yes ! ram 202 93a 93b 93c 93d 93e / F 93g '' morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 13 . plushy beth 92 first one there get to adjust the picture setting ! jerry 93 ( immediately turn ) the factory tint set be always too high ! out of my way ! Jerry , now excited , chase plushy Beth with all the other . another jerry 93 aa - tint set be always too high ! int . jerryboree - live room - day Jerry watch Midnight run with plushy Beth and ton of other jerrys there , too . he rest he head on she shoulder . ext . gromflam military base - day krombopulos Michael , gear up like a navy seal , go through a spiritual ritual . he take a locket , wrap it ina handkerchief , and kiss it . krombopulos michael 93aa oh boy , here I go kill again . as cool heist music play ... ext . / int . gromflam military base - various location - day - krombopulos , with highly train precision , crawl through a vent , drop on a guard , and put he in a sleeper hold . - krombopulos hug a wall , eye two security camera , skip by without they see , and sleeper hold a guard with he foot . - krombopulos monkey bar on pipe down in the sewer , cut a hole out of a ceiling above he , a guy fall through . he catch he , sleeper hold he , then place he down gently . - through one final sequence , he take a unconscious guard 's finger , place it on a scanner , the guard wake up and he sleeper hold he again , then open a secure door to : ram 202 93h 94a '' morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 14 . int . gromflam military base - science lab - continuous koof ( a glow gaseous cloud of light ) hover in the center of a small hold cell , the '' bar '' of which be ray of some kind . krombopulos enter and produce the sinister weapon Rick make . he level it on the gaseous cloud . Rick 's ship smashes through the wall and into the room exactly where Michael be stand , obliterate Michael and bury itself halfway into the floor . int . rick be ship - continuous krombopulos Michael 's business card be on the dashboard . amid the sound of leak steam and fall debris be the sound of the ship 's navigation system : navigation ( v.o. ) 94 you , have , arrive at ... ( splice ) krombopulos Michael . you destination be below . morty be slump over the steering wheel of the craft , knock out from the impact . he slowly regains consciousness . morty 95 ( daze ) we be all out of off - white Persian . int . gromflam military base - science lab - continuous morty exit the vehicle , look around . among the debris , he find Michael 's arm , still hold the gun . morty 96 aw , man . w-w - with - what have I do ? guard 97 Drop the gun ! a guard with a laser rifle have the drop on morty . morty do not know what to do . morty 98 y - you do not understand . ( point to krombopulos ) this guy be gonna kill someone . ram 202 99a 101a 105 a '' morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 15 . guard 99 ( raise he gun ) I guess that make two of we . hurgh ! a Rick portal appear in the middle of the guard 's body , split he down the center like a knife split a piece of fruit . the front of he body fall forward , the back fall backward , leave two even slice of guard on the floor as Rick step through the portal onto the front half . rick 100 what be you do , morty ? this be a galactic federation outpost ! look , I do not have time to tell you my entire backstory but you need to understand that grandpa and government do not get along . koof 101 he save my life . Rick and morty be startle that the imprison cloud be speak . rick 101b what ? morty 102 huh ? whoa ! be you krombopulos Michael 's target ? w-w - with - what 's you name ? koof 103 my kind have no use for name . I communicate through what you call jessica 's foot . no. telepathy . rick 104 oh , good job , morty . y-y - you - you kill my best customer but you save a mind-read fart . koof 105 I like this name , '' fart . '' morty , would you kindly release I by pull that lever to the leave of my cell ? I be in great pain . morty pull the lever next to the cell , deactivate its laser bar . a alarm sound . morty 106 oh crap . let 's get you out of here . ram 202 " morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 16 . rick 107 we can not get he out of here . he 's gaseous , he 's not gonna make it through a portal , morty . morty 108 well then I guess we be all get in the car . right , uh ... koof 109 fart . morty 110 no! just - j-j- just get in the car . morty open the door to Rick 's ship . koof float in . rick 111 morty , come on . w- I wanna go back to blip and chitz . I do not wanna deal with this . morty 112 Rick , you have be clear on the fact that you do not wanna help , so just go away . koof 113 more be come . Rick hear more guard come . rick 114 screw this . I be out . 114a Rick go back through a portal , which disappear . morty be stunne for a moment , then shake it off and try to start the ship . he can not . morty 114b ohhh . come on , come on ! several guard show up . guard 115 get out of the vehicle make of garbage or we will open fire ! morty 116 um um um um . morty keep try to start the ship . ram 202 " morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 17 . guard 119 open fire ! a portal open in the ceiling above they and a solid , six foot diameter torrent of sea water quickly fill up the room . 119a morty watch as the guard float around outside the space ship , panic . 119b another portal open in the floor beneath they and the room quickly drain of water , take all the guard with it as if they be be suck down a drain . that portal close before a third open and Rick walk through . int . rick 's ship - continuous 119 '' Rick climb in , shove morty over . rick 120 stupid ass fart save carpet store motherfucker . move . Rick try the ship 's control . rick ( cont ’d ) 121 wait , do you fuck with my seat setting ? a long beat as Rick move the seat forward and back as more guard close in . koof 121a more be come . morty 122 Rick ! rick 123 yeah , yeah . with difficulty , the ship crush the guard and exit through the hole whence it come or whatever Shakespeare would say . end of act one ram 202 '' morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 18 . act two ext . geartown - day we land on a particular business : cogspot . int . cogspot - garage - day morty , Rick , and koof be in a cluttere mechanic 's garage . gearhead be work on Rick 's batter ship . gearhead 127 you geldon converter be pretty dinge up . rick 128 that 's because my grandson drive like a male obravadian . yeah I say it . some stereotype be base in fact . gearhead 129 actually it 's because of year of neglect . you really need to respect you gear , Rick . to you they be just wheel with tooth , but in my culture , war have be fight . entire -- rick 130 so I have hear . just fix it . Rick walk over to morty and koof . rick ( cont 'd ) 131 I do not think the gromflamite can track we now but it look like we be gonna be here for a while . ( take morty aside ) or , you know , if you still have the gun K. Michael drop we could finish the job and go home . koof 132 you do understand I be telepathic , right ? rick 133 I be be polite . ram 202 " morty - night run " final animatic draft morty Rick , we be take he back where he belong . rick oh yeah , where 's that ? ( burp ) be you go on a quest to find he who smelt it ? koof I come here accidentally through a wormhole locate in what you call get out of my head , fart , I know you be in here . lalalala . no . in what you call the promethean nebula . rick oh great , just a hop skip and a eight hundred light year jump . morty you know you can leave any time you want , Rick . 138a Rick mutter and walk off . rick whatever you wanna do you little punk ass little bitch . I be gonna go to blip and chitz . koof thank you , morty . you be not like other carbon - base life form . you put the value of all life above you own . morty it 's how thing should be . I - it 's how they could be . koof I could not agree more . ( sing ) the world can be one together ... morty get a strange , entrance look on he face . bowie-style tune begin . we enter : ext . void of time and space - music video ( 9/8/14 ) 19 . 134 135 136 137 138 138b 139 140 141 as a David koof fly morty through space in they share imagination . ram 202 " morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 20 . koof 142 cosmos without hatred . star like diamond in you eye . morty fly through a cosmic void . surreal image blur and transform into each other . koof ( cont 'd ) 143 the ground can be space ( space Space space space ) , with foot march towards a peaceful sky . all the moon man want thing they way , but we make sure they see the sun . Goodbye , moon man . you say : Moon man wave goodbye . koof ( cont 'd ) 144 Goodbye , moon man . morty and koof float away from the moon man . koof ( cont 'd ) 145 Goodbye -- rick ( 0.s. ) 146 shut the fuck up about moon man ! int . cogspot - garage - day Rick be yell at they while shaking a cane . rick 147 this be not a musical number , this be a fuck operation . we gotta be cool and fuck lay low . morty look embarrassed . int . jerryboree - day 147a Jerry sit at a computer , giggling . on screen : we see a email subject : '' fwd : fwd : funny ! muslim & a duck go golfing ! '' he click '' forward . '' a Jerry next to he laugh . another jerry 148 duck duck birdie ! very funny . ram 202 " morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 21 . 148a pan out to see a row of jerrys at this computer , we hear some click , then giggle . Jerry take a sip of iced tea . jerry 149 here come another funny . he send another email . other jerry 149a ( laugh ) oh this place be great . jerry 149b I almost wish I could stay longer than one day . other jerry 150 you just might . jerry 151 w- what do you mean ? int . jerryboree - lost wing - later other Jerry lead Jerry into a wing of wounded , abandon , jade jerrys . one have a buzz cut , one wear a tank top , etc . other jerry 152 this be the jerrys whose rick and morty never come back . they live here now . 152a / B we Jerry get nervous . he shudder . int . cogspot - garage - day Rick be watch Ball fondler on tv . a break news report come in . gear news person 153 no gear-turnings as of yet in the curious case of this unidentified humanoid fugitive , reportedly at large somewhere within the gear system . Security camera image of Rick and morty on the screen . rick 154 Son of a ... ram 202 '' morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 22 . Rick storm up to morty and koof . rick ( cont 'd ) 155 why be the gromflamite hold you prisoner ? what the fuck be so valuable about you ? koof 156 I be no more valuable than life itself . however I be able to alter the composition of atom , like this : koof 's cloud pulse with electrical arc and cycle through various color before drop a lump of gold on the floor . koof ( cont 'd ) 157 that be oxygen . I add seventy one proton to it . rick 158 oh terrific . no wonder every cop in the system be look for we . any species that get a hold of this thing be gonna use it to take over the galaxy . you know how inconvenient that 's gonna be to my work ? a sound prompt Rick to go to a window . government ship be hover outside the garage . rick ( cont 'd ) 159 somebody drop the dime on we . ( realize ) gearhead . Rick turn to gearhead , who be hold a gear gun on they . gearhead 160 I be sorry , Rick . the reward on you head be too high . and like you always say , you gotta look out for number one . rick 161 number one be I , asshole ! you be suppose to be my friend ! gearhead 162 friend ? do you even know my real name ? it 's revolio clockberg junior . ( more ) ram 202 164a 165a / B 165b 165c / D 167a 168a '' morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 23 . gearhead ( cont 'd ) I belong to a entire species of gear people . Calling I gearhead be like call a chinese person Asia face . Rick spy a open box full of twig . he grab a handful and throw they at gearhead . gearhead ( cont 'd ) 165 no ! not twig ! the twig get stick in the gear on gearhead 's head , cause they to jam . horrible sound come from he interior . he drop he gun and try to get the twig out . Rick run up to gearhead , grab one of he arm and twist it in a deliberate fashion . the small double hatch on gearhead 's crotch slide open . Rick reach in through the hatch and pull out two small gear . gearhead let out a high pitch shriek . Rick grab two of the gear on gearhead 's mouth , pull they off as well , then replace they with the gear from gearhead 's crotch . gearhead make horrible sound and fall to he knee in shock . rick 166 two thing I want to make clear to everybody in this room : never betray I and it 's time to go . Rick , morty , and koof jump in Rick 's ship . it take off through a nearby window . two gear cop run in with weapon . gear cop 167 nobody move ! gearhead have get to he foot and stumble over to the cop , make horrible muffle sound , point at he face . gear cop ( cont 'd ) 168 oh my GOD ! be that -- both gear cop start gag . maybe they puke but I do not know what gear people vomit . ext . geartown - gear alley - day Rick 's ship fly through a densely populate alley : vendor pedal gear ware , a old gear woman wear a babushka flap the dust of a dirty gear out a window , child do playful gear-relate thing . ram 202 170 a '' morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 24 . two government motorcycle ship give pursuit and open fire on they . Rick shoot one of the alien off its motorcycle . the other crash into a park gear car . rick hey , morty , remember when you say sell a gun be as bad as pull the trigger ? how do you feel about all this people that be get kill today because of you choice ? morty I do the right thing , Rick ! rick tell that to gearhead 's gearsticle ! morty you do that ! rick wrong , I would be play Roy right now , at a certain point my hand be tie , morty ! 171 172 173 174 175 Rick and morty take a hard right , where two more ship start chase and shoot at they . int . jerryboree - lost wing - night Jerry be with the lose jerrys , play poker . jerry I can not believe Rick do this . this be the eighth to the last straw ! goatee jerry ante up . jerry ya know what ? screw it . I have a better gamble for you guy . I say we escape . goatee jerry if you want to leave you can just go out the front door . 176 177 178 181 ram 202 " morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 25 . tank top wearing jerry 182 you think we be keep here against we will ? that would be illegal . jerry 183 but if you can leave , then why be you still here ? shave head jerry 184 same reason as you . we be jerrys . 184a Jerry be offended by that , and stand up . int . jerryboree - entrance - day Jerry march past helen . jerry 185 I be leave ! helen 186 okay then ! that be always allow ! int . rick 's ship - later Rick and morty have three ship on they tail now . Rick put on the brake and the ship fly by . Rick shoot they and the ship crash . now , way more people and bigger ship start pursue they . rick 187 morty , take the wheel ! morty take the wheel as Rick shoot at people . morty 188 whoa !! 188a morty jerk the wheel and Rick fall over . rick 189 whoa ! jeez dammit , morty , who teach you to fly this thing ? hahaha I be kid I know that 's on I . morty 190 um , Rick ? we see a huge ship have block they and they be surround . ram 202 '' morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 26 . rick 191 shit . well , I guess this be it . koof 192 morty , crack the window . morty do so . koof float out . int . cop hover car - soon a alien cop be seat behind the flight stick of he squad craft . he do not see koof float into the back seat behind he . koof 193 I wonder why greg be always so critical of my girlfriend ? alien cop ( v.o. ) 194 ( shrug ) well , he have probably like to have I to himself , that 's how friend be . koof 195 or do he want she to himself . the cop get a weird look on he face . koof surround he . ext . void of time and space - music video a gear man be have sex with a gear woman . the cop and koof watch from the doorway . koof 195a ( sing ) the world can be one together . cosmos without hatred . star like diamond in you eye . int . cop hover car - continuous alien cop 195b my life be a fuck joke . he steer he ship into one of the larger ship , cause they both to explode . koof 195c ( sing ) Goodbye , moon man . you say goodbye , moon man . ( more ) ram 202 '' morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 27 . koof ( cont 'd ) Goodbye , moon man . oh goodbye . that explosion cause a chain reaction of other , send smaller craft spiraling into nearby building , which collapse . int . rick be ship - continuous after all of it be do , koof float back in through morty 's window . koof 197 alright , let 's proceed . rick 198 damn . can not blame that on the dog . talk about silent but deadly ! I be - I - I have see some nerve gas but that - that g- this gas get nerve . haha , you know what I be sayin’ ? morty 199 be you do ? rick 200 I ' 1l let you know , morty . go with the wind , be I right ? if you do not like that one , morty , a alt on that could be , like , if I say '' gasablanca . '' all right , I be do . let 's get to the promethean nebula so my grandson can finish save a life ! int . space transit station - later Jerry wander , timidly , into a busy interstellar mass transit station . he go up to a booth . alien booth operator 201 glagga blag blag ? jerry 202 um ... Earth , please ? she stamp something and hand it to he . jerry ( cont 'd ) 203 be this -- do I pay ? ram 202 206a " morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 28 . alien booth operator 204 agga blag blag blag ! alien traveler in line 205 agga blag ! / wagga baag ! / ag blag ! jerry 206 I be sorry ! sorry ! Jerry , scared , run out . ext . space transit station - continuous Jerry exit and walk by a creepy homeless octopus and a feral stray alien animal . jerry 206aa hey . its face expands out and it scream . Jerry run away . he walk down a alley and run into a alien . alien 206b gagga blag blag . agga blag . agga blag . jerry 207 oh , uh ... hey , what ? I do not - uh , what do you want ? alien 208 agga blag bla -- the alien explode , cover Jerry in green goop . two smaller alien approach Jerry and fill cup with the goop . he run away . they each take a drink . Jerry see a giant horrifying alien and run away from it . ext . alien bus stop - dawn Jerry sit on a alien bus stop , try to look confident as the sight and sound of the alien city whiz by all around he . int . jerryboree - later Jerry come through the entrance , look at the floor as he head through the double door . * ram 202 '' morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 29 . int . jerryboree - lost wing - continuous the lose jerrys be work on a entertainment center . Jerry skulk up , ashamed . tank top wearing jerry hey , be you the one that leave ? Jerry nod . tank top wearing jerry ( cont ’d ) I get it , it 's a - it 's a hassle out there . jerry right ? I mean , who need that ? goatee jerry right ? I mean , who need that ? paul fleischman , a jewy man in he early 40s approach . paul fleischman hahoh , not we . jerry uh , who be you ? paul fleischman oh. Excuse me.t ( extend hand ) Paul fleischman . infinite timeline . in some of they Beth be - marries . jerry jeez . paul fleischman do not worry , I treat Beth very well and I do not overstep my bound with morty . every kid need a dad but there 's no replace you . hey , you wanna give we a hand with this ? we be try to figure out how to get the sound come through the stereo instead of the tv . i- I - I do not - it 's very difficult . jerry oh , uh , well be there a aux input ? 212 213 214 214a 215 216 217 218 219 220 ram 202 " morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 30 . goatee jerry 221 we try that , but there 's two different color ... we pull back on row upon row of entertainment center as pack of jerrys occupy themselves . ext . prehistoric planet - dawn a dinosaur eat something , then move on , revealing a run - down interstellar rest stop , with a few alien family picnick . Rick 's ship pull in . int . rick 's ship - continuous Rick , koof , and morty . koof 222 the wormhole be seventy of what you call meter what you call north of what you call here . rick 223 Fine , morty , take you fart to he hole and say you goodby . I be gonna find some fuel and take a biiig fat morty . that 's my new word for shit because of today 's event . ext . prehistoric planet - wood - day - establishing ext . prehistoric planet - wood - day morty walk through the brush with koof float next to he . they come to a small clear with a wormhole in the center . koof 224 here it be . this should take I back to my kind . morty 225 I be gonna miss you ... um. fart. I - i- I be really sorry you name become fart . koof 226 I will be back soon , morty . morty 227 really ? ram 202 '' morty - night run " koof after I return to the other with this location , we will be back for you cleanse . morty um. cleanse ? koof carbon -base life be a threat to all higher life . to we , you be what you would call a disease . wherever we discover you , we cure it . you say yourself that life must be protect , even through sacrifice . you have not change you mind about that , I can sense you thought . morty ? morty nod , frustrated but resign . morty um. before you go ... could you sing a- c-could you sing for I again ? koof yes , morty . ( sing ) cosmos without hatred ... int . void of time and space - music video koof fly with morty through space paradise again . koof ( sing ) diamond star of cosmic light , quasar shine through endless night and everything be one in the beauty and now we say goodbye -- koof 's song be cut off by a beam of anti-matter rip through he , leave a sizzling hole . ext . prehistoric planet - wood - continuous reveal : morty be hold krombopulos 's gun in he tremble koof ( die ) ahhh . ohh , noooo . ohhh . ahh . final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 31 . 228 229 230 231 232 233 234 ram 202 '' morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 32 . morty shoot koof until all of he cloud be consume with sizzling , widen hole that finally turn he into nothing . morty drop the weapon , a tear run down he cheek . morty Goodbye . ext . prehistoric planet - rick 's ship - later morty walk over to Rick at the ship . Rick be put strange look rock into a hatch on the rear of the rick so do you guy make out a little bit ? be he gonna send you a postcard ? morty do not say anything , just get in the ship . rick ( cont 'd ) man , that guy hit the lottery when he cross path with you . ext . space - establishing Rick 's ship fly through space . rick ( 0.s. ) morty , I know I pick on you core belief and decision make a lot today - int . rick 's ship - continuous Rick be fly with morty , who be silent . rick - but I be glad that you insisted on get that fart home . you know , at - at least all the death and destruction be not for nothing , ya know ? morty stare ahead , silent . rick ( cont 'd ) you miss you fart friend , huh ? well , I have get a little surprise for you , buddy . ( more ) 235 some car . 238 239 239a 240 241 + eh ram 202 " morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 33 . rick ( cont 'd ) while you be go , I find a new wormhole , with million of being just like he on the other side , and they be all come to visit ! morty 242 ( alarmed ) what ?! Rick , no , you can not ! rick 243 it 's too late , morty . the hole 's open . morty 243 BA no no , Rick , you do not understand ! 243a Rick lean , make a face , then fart and settles back down , smirk . morty stare at he , then look out the window . rick 244 ( pause ) there 's - there 's a lot more where that come from , too . ext . jerryboree - establishing a bunch of Rick 's ship park outside jerryboree . int . jerryboree - pickup area - dawn 244a it 's like the end of summer camp as rick and morty arrive to pick up they eager jerrys . we Rick and morty show up . rick 245 ( to another Rick ) hey , hey bro . how many people be you morty responsible for kill today ? other rick 246 none , we chill at blip and chitz all day be not that right , homie ? other morty 247 darn right , bro . Roy rule ! 247a the other Rick and other morty laugh , they have a great day . rick 248 must be nice . morty do not say anything . helen bring over Jerry . ram 202 249a '' morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) rick ( cont 'd ) hey , morty , there 's we Jerry . Jerry nod and hug morty , relieved to be go home . jerry I miss you . hey , Rick . rick glad you be safe , Jerry . whaddaya say we go home ? jerry I would like that . they share a nice moment . as they walk out , another rick walk up to Rick , show he ticket . another rick hey wait , uh , do you have 5126 ? rick uh , I be not sure . morty ? morty pull out he ticket to show . another rick uh , that 's a blip and chitz ticket . morty what ? rick Way to go , morty . eh , whatever . 249 250 251 252 253 254 255 256 257 the rick lazily swap they jerrys as the jerrys look at one another in fear . jerry ( simultaneously ) uuuuum , w- wait what ? another jerry ( simultaneously ) uuuuuuuuuuh ... w- wait what ? rick ( simultaneously ) alright , come on , Jerry . another rick ( simultaneously ) come on , Jerry . 258 259 260 261 ram 202 " morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 35 . they walk off . do they have the right Jerry ? do it matter ? end of act two ram 202 266a '' morty - night run " final animatic draft ( 9/8/14 ) 36 . tag int . alien CITY - day ton of alien go about they day as we hear a alarm . a voice that sound like a emergency p.a. speak to the city . commercial voice ( v.o. ) 262 emergency . emergency . we be under a invasion ... of fun ! everyone who have stop start stampede , as we see alien bust through door : commercial voice ( v.o. ) 263 at blip and chiiitz ! int . blip & chitz - day - commercial it 's bustling . we see group of alien play all type of weird game , cheer ’ing with blip & chitz moniker mug . commercial voice ( v.o. ) 264 there 's be a abduction of price . with all new deal ! forty five flerbos for chog-huk and nacho . all day . six Risk tag ! queege ! unlimite pop-a - shot . alien play a pop-a - shot . commercial voice ( v.o. ) 265 and there 's only one place where you can play : '' Roy 2 . '' we see the row of Roy game as people come out stoke . commercial voice ( v.o. ) 266 at blip and chitz . Rick be in the crowd chugge a beer . zoom in on : rick 267 it 's the coolest place in the world ! hahaha I - I get to be in the commercial ! a graphic stamp : '' blip and chitz '' on screen . underneath it read : '' we get the blip , if you get the chitz . '' end of episode