Rick aud morty " ricksy Business by Ryan ridley episode 110 Network draft 5/10/13 all rights reserved . copyright '' the cartoon Network Inc. / Turner Broadcasting system . no portion of this script may be perform , publish , reproduce , sell or distribute by any mean , or quote or publish in any medium , include on any website , without prior write consent of the cartoon Network Inc. / Turner Broadcasting system . disposal of the script copy do not alter any of the restriction set forth above . ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 1. cold OPEN : ext . morty 's home - driveway - day Beth and summer stand near the car . Jerry , dress like a turn -of - the-century peasant , close the trunk . Rick , morty , and summer stand together in the driveway . summer ( simultaneously ) bye , Mom ! bye , dad ! morty ( simultaneously ) drive carefully ! rick have fun , you two . beth yes , we will have as much fun as possible on we ... ( sigh ) Titanic - theme getaway . jerry let 's lose the ' tude , please , it 's suppose to be romantic . summer do not like , five thousand people die on the Titanic ? jerry the getaway be base on the movie , not the disaster . beth speak of disaster , dad , we be leave you in charge , here . rick I know , can we wrap this up ? morty and I have synthetic laser eel oxidize in the garage . beth hey , do not blow I off , I be draw a line . any damage to this house or this child when we get back , and ... no more adventure with morty . ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 2 . morty ( to Rick ) Holy crap , if Mom 's say it , it must be serious this time . beth ( simultaneously ) that 's right . jerry ( simultaneously ) that 's right - wait , what ? rick listen , you have my word as a caregiver , everything will be fine . and if not , like you say , no more adventure or whatever . Beth and Jerry get into the car . jerry not one thing out of place . they back out of the driveway , pull into the road , and stop . jerry not a single thing . the car take off around the corner . a beat , and then a school of synthetic laser eel eat through the garage door and swim away into the atmosphere . summer ( observe ) well , we be past the point of no return , I be go to have a party . end cold OPEN ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 3 . act one int . morty 's home - kitchen - later summer be stand in front of a open cupboard and talk on she phone . summer I find jello , can you sneak you mom 's vodka ? ( pause ) yes , she do , I see it in you laundry room . ( pause ) listen , you can not both be in denial about it . okay , this party be go to be epic , see you soon . she hang up . morty enter . morty summer , you can not throw a party ! remember what Mom say ? summer yeah , if anything get mess up , you and grandpa Rick get punish . I be only a human be , morty . Rick enter . morty tell summer she can not have a party ! rick summer , you can not have a party . she scoff . rick because I be have a party . morty what ?! Rick , you can not ! summer what do you mean you be have a party ? be some glip glop from the third dimension go to come over and play card or something ? ram 110 " '' ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 4 . rick '' glip glop ? ! '' man , you be lucky a trakflorian do not hear you say that . summer why , be that like they N - Word ? rick it 's like the N word and the C word have a baby and it be raise by all the bad word for Jews . morty I think the three of we could just have a nice time bond and get to know each other . summer screw that . it 's party time . this be my chance to gain some foot with the cool kid . rick that 's why you party ? Boy you really be seventeen . summer why do you party ? rick to get - ( shaking face ) wriggedy wriggedy wrecked , son ! summer just keep you sci-fi friend away from my awesome one . rick yeah , and you keep you awesome friend away from my canape . reveal : Rick delicately make a plate of hor d'oevr . int . titanic 2 - deck - day Beth and Jerry be be show around by a tour guide . ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 5 . guide the Titanic 2 be the most state - of - the art Titanic replica ever design of the three , not include the one spell with a T - 0 - 0 . they use bio-diesel . female patron # 1 be this where the lifeboat should have be ? guide exactly correct . you miss nothing , do you ? the crowd gasp . he knock the group jerry ( whisper ) that 's from the movie ! this guy be a pro . guide after dinner , Titanic 2 will attach to the rail system near we replica iceberg , and the hydraulics encase in this tube - on a tubular column . guide - will execute a control sink into the icy depth . ( aside ) icy and depth be simulate , of course . jerry Excuse I , sir . a rail system seem archaic for a attraction this impressive , be you sure that the ship will sink ? guide I can assure you the ship will sink as it have a thousand time before . it 's un-unsinkable . clap politely . jerry ( whisper ) pro. ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 6 . ext . titanic 2 - deck - later Jerry spot a line of people at the bow . jerry look , it 's the line for the bow ! beth Jerry , work have be really stressful lately . I would love to just kick back with a margarita and read . do you mind if I skip the '' King of the World '' bit ? jerry well , ugh , it 's not the '' King of the World bit '' , that 's Jack and fabrizio . this be where Rose say '' I be fly , Jack '' , but whatever , I can be the only one to do it alone . Beth look around in frustration and spot lucy , a full - figure clean lady watch the attraction fondly . beth what about she ? ( to Lucy ) Excuse I , mar ’am . would you like to take my place in line ? Lucy cautiously approach . lucy I ... I could get in trouble . beth we will not tell . Beth remove she hat and place it on Lucy 's head . she step out of line and insert Lucy next to Jerry . jerry come on , Beth , this be weird . beth weirder than a grow man stand on the bow of a fake Titanic by himself ? jerry can not argue there . catch up with you later . Beth walk away and pull out a giant book about horse . ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 7 . beth boom go the dynamite . jerry ( to Lucy ) so ... you be a Titanic fanatic ? lucy oh yes . I have work here since it open but I have never be able to participate . jerry happy to help , Rose . he link arm with she . she giggle . int . morty 's home - live room - that evening a handful of kid sit around drink out of red plastic cup . the doorbell ring . summer open the door to reveal brad and he crew . summer Brad ! hey ! brad ( blow past she ) yo . summer 's slutty friend tammy perk up . tammy Brad be here ! Quick , make my hair look drunk . her slutty friend muss she hair . Brad pass with he entourage . brad check it out . tammy 's already drunk . cool . summer try to close the door , but it 's stop . she look up to see birdperson , a statuesque hawk - man . birdperson the beacon be activate , who be in danger ? summer ( annoyed ) grandpa ! ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 8 . Rick walk up . rick birdperson ! they exchange a ceremonial arm flap greeting . rick everything 's cool , BP . I be just have a party . birdperson I be pleased there be no emergency . rick oh there 's a emergency alright . a pussy emergency . when be the last time you get laid , ' pers ? birdperson it have be a ... challenging mate season for birdperson . rick then it 's time to get you beak wet tonight , playa . go have some fun . Rick wave he into the party . morty how many people do you invite , Rick ? rick people ? ( think ) six . morty oh , okay . that 's not so bad . Bright light blast through the window . the whole house shake as a space ship touch down in the front yard . a shitload of alien pour out . Rick open the door to greet they . rick what up , my glip glop ! morty fume . ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 9 . int . morty 's home - live room - soon morty run around the party clean up mess as they be create ; pick up cigarette butt , empty bottle , etc . angle on : a group of kide be watch tv . a alien creature on screen crawl towards camera , then out of the tv ala '' the Ring . '' alien creature aw yeah , you get a party go on in here ? a drunk guy stumble up . drunk guy what be you guy watch ? teenager ( simultaneously ) get out of the way ! alien creature ( simultaneously ) get out of the way ! drunk guy you guy suck . he stumble away and trip the cord , cause the tv to turn off , trapping the alien halfway in / halfway out of the screen . as it struggle to free itself out , it pull the whole tv down , smash it on the floor . morty oh man !! alien creature hey . sorry , bro . that be just a party trick go bad . normally , I go inside a tv set when no one 's look , and crawl out once a decent crowd have gather . it 's a real big hit usually . int . morty 's home - jerry & beth 's bedroom - night two teenager grind away under the cover . morty bust in . morty not in my parent 's bed ! ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 10 . it 's reveal that the two teenager be actually protrusion on a larger alien creature 's back . alien creature oh. sorry . I be not feel too well . I just need to lie down for a bit . morty oh. okay . the creature barf acidic slime all over the bed . the bed dissolves . int . morty 's home - live room - moment later two cyber warrior battle in the live room . cyber warrior # 1 tammy be mine ! cyber warrior # 2 I call dib ! they battle through the live room , destroy the place . morty stop ! she 's not that hot ! angle on : Rick chat with gearhead , a muscle bound cyborg with gear for a mouth and a translucent body that show more gear . gearhead the thing people do not realize about the gear Wars be that it be never really about the gear at all . Rick feign enthusiasm . rick yeah . no. totally . morty come up . morty Rick ! you gotta st - rick morty ! have you meet gearhead ? ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 11 . morty ( to gearhead ) hey . rick morty would love to hear all about the gear Wars . Rick take off . gearhead look down at morty . gearhead how familiar be you with the gear Wars exactly ? morty um , not at all . gearhead ( rub he hand , excited ) oh boy . I envy you . okay , here go - ext . morty 's home - later the party be bump . we see a fly saucer land . two creature climb out and enter the party follow by a few high school student walk in from the street . int . morty 's home - live room - continuous Rick 's talk to a alien . morty run up to he . rick hey , morty , have you meet scorpius ? morty not again , Rick . that guy drone on for twenty minute and meanwhile , the house be be destroy ! rick ( be : scorpius ) this guy 's entire planet be destroy . have some perspective . squanchy , a manic cat- like creature saunter up . squanchy hey , Rick , squanchy party , bro ! be there a good place for I to squanch around here ? ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 12 . rick come on , squanchy , you know any place be a good place for you to squanch . squanchy alright ! I like you squanch ! squanchy scurries off . morty okay , Rick , what exactly be '' squanching ? '' rick do not worry about it , morty . you would not understand . morty be it go to result in another mess for I to clean up ? rick morty , we have have a lot of cool adventure the last few month , but it 's time to relax . morty if I relax , there might not be any more adventure . rick Jesus , morty , you be bum I out . can not we just pretend like everything be fine for a few hour , enjoy ourselves , and then worry about it later ? morty that 's easy for you to say , you like not caring about stuff , what 's in this for I ? just then , jessica enter the party and walk right into morty 's eyeline . everything slow down . '' dreamweaver '' or something less hacky play . jessica whip she hair back . morty ( slow mo voice ) jessica ... we pan over to Rick , also in slow motion , who look off camera . ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 13 . rick ( slow mo ) knock it off , Lord chronos ! angle on : lord chronos , a ming the merciless look dude use he mastery over time to slow down it down . he 's obviously very drunk . he stop and everything snap back into normal speed . lord chronos ( sloppy drunk ) hahaha sorry ! ( explain to a friend ) I have the power to manipulate time - rick ( irritate ) yeah , like there 's anyone leave that have not hear . morty ( be : jessica ) I can not believe she 's here . rick well what be you do stand here , morty ? go talk to she . Rick shove morty in jessica 's direction . rick have some fun . tonight , the only adventure you be on be you cusping manhood . Rick swig he drink and walk off . morty approach jessica . morty hey , jessica ! Lord chronos drunkenly stumble over behind jessica and lean against the wall . jessica hey , morty . cool party ! so this be where you live , huh ? jessica turn to look around right as Lord chronos begin puke . jessica oh my god , that guy just puke on the wall ! ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 14 . Lord chronos drunkenly try to kick he puke under a door . morty you know what , jessica ? do not even worry about it . someone 's 1ll deal with it later . let go have some fun ! morty lead jessica off into the party . int . titanic 2 - deck - evening Jerry and Lucy run through the ship , laugh . Jerry steal a cigarette from a unsuspecting person 's mouth . ext . titanic 2 - deck railing - continuous Jerry and Lucy stop at the deck railing . employee be stock float door raft . jerry be that what I think it be ? lucy yes , every couple get to recreate Jack 's drown at the end of the movie . it 's so romantic . jerry I can not wait to do that with Beth . lucy please , anyone can see that when it come to movie release in 1997 , Beth be a fifth elementer all the way . jerry be that what they call fan of '' the fifth element ? '' lucy of course ! can not you see she 's do everything in she power to push we closer together ? they exchange a gaze before Jerry 's attention be divert . jerry look ! angle on : the iceberg be approach . ram 110 couple pour to the railing . Jerry look for Beth to no avail . he turn back to see that the ship be move away from " '' ricksy business " announcer ( v.o. ) iceberg , right ahead ! the buffet be now close . iceberg , right ahead ! the buffet be now close ... the iceberg . int . titanic 2 - bridge - continuous a crewman be consulting some instrument . crewman uh , sir ? there 's not a problem . captain what do you mean , there 's not a problem ? crewman the guidance system be not put we on a direct collision course . sir. ( dramatic ) this ship be about to completely miss that giant iceberg . captain well , do something ! steer into it ! crewman I be try ! he 's try desperately to steer the ship . different department scramble to turn the ship . sailor run back and forth from bow to stern . the crewman 's eye widen . captain it 's too late . ( get on p.a. ) lady and gentleman ... do not brace yourselves . ext . lake - continuous a overhead shot of the ship as it slowly float past the iceberg . network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 15 . ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 16 . int . titanic 2 - night the crowd gasp . jerry no ! what happen ? lucy the rail system must have fail . people stand on the deck , bewilder . paying customer # 1 do this mean we be not go to sink ? paying customer # 2 dear God . panicked murmur break out . int . morty 's home - live room - night tammy be flirt with birdperson on the couch . tammy I like you feather . birdperson they be design to attract the attention of the female . tammy it 's work . birdperson tammy , I should let you know , I just get out of a pretty intense soul bond with my previous spirit mate . tammy I be not look to get into a soul bond . I be just look for ... she whisper something in he ear . birdperson I believe birdperson can arrange that . ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 17 . int . morty 's house - kitchen - continuous summer and she friend be hang out . nancy , a nerdy girl walk over to summer . nancy hey , summer . have not see you at flute practice in awhile . summer' friend # 2 summer , be you friend with she ? summer pfth . no . I do not even know what she 's do here . rick not cool , summer . it 's a party , everyone should be welcome . the kitchen wall explode . everyone back away as a menace figure step through a cloud of smoke into the kitchen . this be abrodolph lincoler , a large , intimidating man that look like a cross between lincoln and Hitler . abrodolph lincoler where ... be ... Rick sanchez ?! rick oh no ... I can not believe he show up . summer what 's the matter , Rick ? I think everyone be welcome . rick it 's not the same , summer . abrodolph lincoler be a craze maniac . a misguide effort of mine to create a morally neutral super leader by combine the DNA of adolph Hitler and abraham lincoln . turn out it add up to a lame wack job . lincoler spot Rick . ram 110 " '' ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 18 . lincoler Rick ... you bring I into this world , a suffer abomination torture by the duality of its be , but I shall finally know peace when I watch the life drain from you wretch body . he pull out a gun and advance towards Rick . as he do , he bump into Brad , cause he to spill he drink . brad whoa . what 's up , man ? abrodolph lincoler it be a accident . I have no quarrel with you , boy . Brad get in he face . brad Boy ? what 's that suppose to mean ? abrodolph lincoler it just - look , I do not know how you think I mean it , but ... lincoler shoot Rick a '' help I out here '' look . rick do not look at I , dude . abrodolph lincoler look , I be half abraham lincoln , so ... brad so ... I should get on my knee and kiss you ass ? abrodolph lincoler no , but , you know ... brad what do I know ? that the third Reich will reign for a thousand year ? jessica leave he alone , Brad ! brad stay out of this , jessica ! ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 19 . rick kick he ass , Brad ! everyone start chant for Brad to kick lincoler 's ass . abrodolph lincoler look , let 's talk about this - — Brad start beat the shit out of lincoler . jessica Brad ! jessica run out of the room . morty Rick ! rick I just do you a favor , morty . you can thank I later . ext . morty 's home - moment later jessica pout outside . morty come out and sit next to she . morty sorry about all that . Rick have some pretty strange friend . jessica uch . Brad be such a jerk . he 's always try to prove what a man he be . I be so sick of that kind of guy . I just want to find somebody nice and sweet . morty smile . morty jessica , can I show you something ? int . morty 's home - garage - soon morty flip on the light , revealing the workshop . they enter . jessica look around in awe of all the crazy stuff . jessica this place be incredible . ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 20 . morty yeah , it 's where my grandfather and I do all we science stuff . check this out . morty activate a device that create float ball of color energy that dance around the room and change into shape . jessica it 's beautiful . morty you know , jessica , there 's something I have always want to tell you . she draw closer . jessica what 's that , morty ? morty I think that you be the most - jessica no. that . that weird sound come from the closet over there . morty listen . there 's a rustling sound come from a storage closet . morty slowly walk over and carefully pull the door open . morty ooh ! Inside , he find squanchy hold a taut cord wrap around he neck while he jerk off he bizarre alien genital . squanchy hey ! I be squanching in here ! morty whoa ! morty fall backwards into the control of a teleportation machine . it tip over on the floor and start to spark . Energy blast out of it , consume the entire room . ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 21 . ext . morty 's home - continuous the energy blast shoot out of the garage and form a huge sphere center around the garage , but encompass the entire house . a flash . everything inside the sphere be go , leave a massive dirt hole . ext . alternate dimension - continuous we see a strange alien landscape , with large lumber lump monster roam about . a flash . the house materialize in the middle of the scene , complete with the dirt under it . int . morty 's home - continuous the house shake as it settles into position . everyone stop party . Rick look outside and survey the landscape . rick hmm , big star in the sky . ( inhale ) oxygen-rich atmosphere . ( observe ) giant testicle monster . he face the party . rick we will be fine , let 's party ! everyone in the crowd scream '' party ! '' a kid remove he shirt and run out the door . kid paaaaarrrrtyyyyyy ! he approach a lump monster , who , in a quick motion , stuff he into a fleshy hole between its giant lump . rick uh , do anyone like that guy ? no response . Rick hit the stereo . '' shake that ass '' play . rick shake that ass , bitch , and let I see what you get ! everyone cheer . end of act one ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 22 . act two int . morty 's home - night morty have cornere Rick and summer . morty Rick ! we have be transport to another dimension ! when mom and dad come home , we be gonna be so screw ! Rick grab morty . rick pull it together , morty ! stop try to pretend there 's stake ! morty but what about the house , Rick ?! where be we ?! what be we go to do ?! rick relax , morty . reeelaaaax . it 's go to be fine . all we have to do be go out and find we some kalaxian crystal . we get some of that and everything 's 1l be juuuust fine . morty okay . let 's go , Rick . let 's go get that crystal . rick I can not go with you , morty . this be you time to show everyone that you be not just some stupid , whiny , annoying little turd . you have get to show they that you be a hero . morty look around the room at everyone . he see jessica . morty okay . I x11 do it . rick good . take lincoler with you . lincoler sit in a corner hold a ice pack to he head . lincoler I be injure . ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 23 . rick shut up , lincoler . it 's the least you can do for wreck the kitchen . lincoler reluctantly get up and join morty . summer Nancy , you should go too ! nancy what ? why I ? summer because ... ( she look at she friend ) flute be stupid ! int . titanic 2 - deck - night passenger run frantically . a customer service line stretch out the door . the man-made lake be be drain as mechanic wade through the water . Beth and Jerry be approach by a '' captain . '' captain sorry for the inconvenience , folk , we should resume sink shortly . in the meantime , please stay on the ship and enjoy a complimentary plate of James cameronion ring . he exit . jerry great . not only be the ship not sink , but now the fourth wall 's be break . beth I be go back to the room to finish my book . you should find that Lucy woman . jerry it 's true , you do want I to be with she ! beth Jerry , I be tired , they will not reopen the buffet , and I think you 'il have more fun with someone who 's interested in Titanic . ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 24 . Beth exit . Jerry see Lucy watch from down the hall . she approach . jerry you do not know what she 's like when you be not around . lucy May I show you something , Jerry ? int . titanic 2 - cargo hold - later Lucy be show Jerry around . lucy have everything go as plan , this entire area would be under water . jerry I would have like to see it . this trip have be a titanic failure . get it ? Jerry turn around to see Lucy completely naked except for a diamond necklace . lucy draw I , Jerry . jerry oh boy . Lucy ... wow . this ... be not what I have in mind . lucy but it 's the perfect moment . we have be dream about this for sixteen year . jerry not like this . not with you . Lucy pull a gun . lucy you be go to draw I . then ... she gesture to a old timey car . lucy ... you be go to fuck I in that car over there . ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 25 . ext . alternate dimension - strange planet - night morty , lincoler , and Nancy walk through a strange jungle . morty use a beep device to find the crystal . morty the crystal should be close . nancy there they be ! a cluster of blue crystal jut out of the ground . lincoler wait . something 's not right ... a bizarre creature leap out in front of they . it 's swift and move on all four . lincoler get the crystal ! i’1ll handle the beast . morty and Nancy go gather the crystal while lincoler fight the creature . nancy summer 's gonna like I again ! lincoler successfully kill the creature and then collapse against a rock . morty lincoler , come on , let 's get out of here . lincoler mein journey be over , morty . morty look down to see a giant blood stain on lincoler 's belly . lincoler morty ... I have something important to tell you ... int . morty 's home - soon jessica sit on the couch with gearhead as he strum a alien guitar . morty enter . he 's cover in blood and he clothes be tear . ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 26 . morty ( panting ) Rick ... I get they ... I get the crystal ... rick alright ! you do it , morty ! Rick take the crystal and head off . angle on : morty Rick , wait . there 's something you need to know . ( as morty talk , a emotional score rise ) I could not have do it without lincoler . he say that he be sorry and that he love you like a father . he only want you to accept he and he hope that he final act would redeem he in you eye . he sacrifice himself to save all of we , Rick . he die . Rick , just as he finish chopping up the crystal into a fine powder . he snort a big line . rick huh . well I have to hand it to he ... rick that 's the first cool thing he ever do . wubba lubba dub dub ! ( point to the dj ) kick it ! the dj do a record scratch . Rick begin a elaborately choreograph dance with improvise lyric . rick you put you right foot forward and leave foot back / then slide around like on a Nordic track / etc . people start join in . birdperson nod he head to the beat . Rick 's weirdly mainstream intergalactic rap and weirdly choreograph but intensely sweaty , tweaky dance continue . ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 27 . the last of summer 's friend join Rick . she 's disgust at first , but then eventually join the rest of the dancer . the song end . everybody clap and cheer . morty what ... the ... hell ... be that ?! I think that crystal be suppose to help we get home or something ! ! rick what ? no , I can get we home whenever I want to . but listen , speak of that crystal ... can I get the rest of they ? I be start to come down , morty . Crystal kalaxian be a strong but fleeting high . morty pull the pouch of crystal out of he pocket , walk to the slide glass door , open it , and throw they directly into the gape mouth of a lumpy beast monster . morty that 's what I think of you crystal Rick ! Rick hold he hand to he head . he 's in discomfort . rick noooo ! morty you idiot !! ( look around ) do anyone else have any more k - lax ? Bird person ? squanchy ? they shake they head no . we see the lump monster dance around outside . morty ( announce ) this party be officially over ! Rick , take we home . now . rick alright , Captain buzzkill of the starship Party pooper . everybody groan and give morty the stink eye . Rick go out to the garage . ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 28 . int . titanic 2 - night Jerry be nervously finish he sketch . lucy almost finish , Jerry ? jerry uh ... almost . I have not quite capture you beautiful eye . reveal : the draw be terrible . lucy I be sure it 's good enough . jerry um ... just a little bit long - Lucy pick up she gun . lucy move ! Jerry move to the car , Lucy nakedly follow . lucy every weekend jack and rose have they Titanic experience in this car , and I have to mop it up . the floor drop out to make it easier . Lucy kick the car and the floor drop . it 's really rusty . lucy but now it 's my turn . we be go to get it nice and steamy in there . and I be go to slam my hand on the steam . and then you be go to love inside of I . no mess . no clean . she push he into the car with the gun . a huge hardcover book come fly out of nowhere and strike Lucy 's head . she fall , unconscious . reveal : beth stand over she slump body . jerry Beth ! beth Bet you be glad I think kindle be dumb now . ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 29 . they embrace . Jerry 's draw float onto Lucy 's face . ext . parking lot - just before dawn Jerry be pack a stockpile of memorabilia into the car . beth I can not help but feel a little guilty about what happen . I do not peg Lucy for a rapist . jerry and what do a rapist look like , exactly , Beth ? be it a slavic man wear a denim jacket with a patchy beard and the scent of cheap champagne wafting over he blister pock lip ? Beth think for a moment then : beth Jerry ... this be the first time someone have try to rape you , right ? jerry ( unconvincing ) of course . Beth get in the driver 's side . beth well , at least you get all this free stuff . should be enough to satisfy you Titanic jone for awhile . Jerry cram the replica door into car , but it 's take up too much room in the passenger seat for he to get in . jerry I - I be not go to fit . you ’l1l have to go without I . Jerry reach he arm through the window towards Beth , but she 's just out of he reach . he gaze into she eye . jerry Beth , listen to I . you be go to get out of here . you be go to go on and watch we kid grow old . I ... love ... you . ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 30 . he touch she finger through the side window and slowly retreat , mimick Leo disappear into the dark sea . beth Jerry , just leave the door . we do not have room for it and it smell bad . Jerry shrug . jerry yeah , okay . Jerry toss the door out , climb in , and Beth start up the car . int . car - continuous Jerry pull the diamond necklace out . jerry you ’1ll always be my Rose , Beth . he throw the diamond necklace out the window . ext . car - continuous we follow the necklace down to reveal Lucy hang underneath the car . she let out a wild cackle . we hold on she for a beat , and then the car shift into drive and begin to move . Lucy 's finger instantly slip and she fall to the ground . the back tire run over she leg . she double over in agony . ext . morty 's home - continuous the house zap through a variety of dimension . we see all kind of crazy shit . it finally get back to Earth . int . morty 's home - dawn morty hold the door open as everyone leave . squanchy the party squanch on at my place ! everyone cheer . summer cool ! I be come too ! ram 110 " '' ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 31 . squanchy no . you be not squanchy enough for a squanchy party . summer what ? ( summer look around ) guy ? seriously ? brad he 's right , summer . we all hate people who throw party that end too soon . later . Brad and the last of the party goer leave . morty slam the door . summer slump over to Rick , who appear to be pass out on the couch . summer okay . you be right , grandpa Rick . next party , I be just go to have a good time . screw other people . rick ( inaudible mumble ) summer exit . morty clean up . birdperson approach he . birdperson May I assist you with that ? morty uh , sure , thanks . birdperson put bottle into a garbage bag . birdperson morty , do you know what '' wubba lubba dub dub '' mean ? morty Rick 's stupid nonsense catchphrase . birdperson it 's not nonsense at all . in my people 's tongue it mean : '' I be in great pain . please help I . '' morty well I get news for you , he 's say it ironically . ram 110 " '' ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 32 . birdperson no , morty , you grandfather be indeed in very deep pain . the thing he have see in the universe . the knowledge he have . it have all leave a hole deep in he soul that nothing can fill . that be why he must numb himself . morty look over at Rick snore on the floor . morty come on , um ... birdperson birdperson . morty come on , birdperson , Rick 's not that complicated . he 's just a asshole . birdperson then why do you care so much if you be no longer allow to continue on you adventure together ? it appear fate have present you with a opportunity to free yourself of Rick forever . morty you be right . I should not care . this be probably the best thing that could happen to I . I be sick of have adventure with Rick . birdperson my people have another say : '' gubba nub nub doo rah kah . '' it mean '' whatever let you sleep at night . '' summer run in . summer Mom and dad be home !! birdperson this be you moment , morty . before you be two very different path . choose wisely . ( yell off screen ) tammy !! ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 33 . tammy run in and jump on he back . he flap he wing and they fly away . ext . morty 's home - continuous Jerry and Beth 's car pull into the driveway . int . morty 's home - live room - continuous summer run around try to clean the house up . summer we be so screw !!!! morty look from summer to Rick on the couch . he go over and shake he . morty Rick ! Rick ! wake up ! Rick swat he away . morty Rick , you gotta do something quick . my parent be home . Rick sit up on the couch and rub he temple . rick alright . hold on . morty look out a window . Rick take a long sip from a glass of water . rick um. so good . morty they be walk up the driveway ! rick ( snap he finger ) bring I the thing ... morty what thing ? rick the thing , the thing . it 's get the button and the light . it beep . come on , morty , you know what I be talk about . the thing . ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 34 . morty Rick , that describe everything in you garage . summer run in hold a doodad . summer do you mean this ? rick summer with the win . Rick activate the doodad . it light up and make some beep . a pulse ripple through the live room . rick that should do it . morty what do you do ? rick see for yourself . morty open the door to reveal beth and jerry freeze . summer whoa ... rick everything be freeze in time . the whole world . morty for how long ? rick how long do you want ? a week ? a month ? summer can we start clean the house and see how we feel ? ext./ int . - cleaning montage they spend the next three month clean the house , play around in the freeze world and get to know each other . ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 35 . ext . hilltop overlooking town - dawn a sunrise be freeze in the sky . Rick , morty , and summer sit in front of a television connect to hundred of extension cord . on screen , the credit for Titanic be roll . rick / morty / summer Dumb . they all laugh . summer this have be so much fun . I be almost over be somewhat responsible for Nancy 's death . rick yeah , I have to say , it 's pretty nice hang out with my grand kid . morty hey , Rick , you know , I have not hear you say that '' wubba lubba dub dub '' thing you say this whole time . rick do not need to . I have a new catch phrase . morty what 's that , Rick ? rick I love my grand kid . morty ( simultaneously ) awww ... summer ( simultaneously ) ohhh ... they all hug . rick just kid . you be both gay . ten minute later birdperson land next to Rick in a empty lot . ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 36 . birdperson the beacon be activate - Rick start hit he . rick you tell my grandson about '' wubba lubba dub dub ?! '' you son of a bitch ! birdperson I be sorry ! I be sorry ! a cartoon iris close around they as Rick kick birdperson in the shin . end of act two ram 110 " ricksy business " network draft ( 5/10/13 ) 37 . tag ext . alternate dimension - day slow push in to a bubbling pit of green ooze . a hand emerge from it . Nancy slowly rise from the pit and pull herself onto the ground . nancy revenge ... a lump monster grab she and stuff she into its lump then spit she out and pass she to another lump monster who spit out the kid from the party . random kid Party ! they continue pass they back and forth into each other 's lump hole . nancy revenge . she go in . random kid come out . random kid Party ! he go in . Nancy come out . etc. nancy revenge . random kid Party ! end of episode