Rick aud morty " the meeseek box by Ryan ridley episode 104 Network draft 2/15/13 all rights reserved . copyright '' the cartoon Network Inc. / Turner Broadcasting system . no portion of this script may be perform , publish , reproduce , sell or distribute by any mean , or quote or publish in any medium , include on any website , without prior write consent of the cartoon Network Inc. / Turner Broadcasting system . disposal of the script copy do not alter any of the restriction set forth above . ram 104 '' the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 1 . int . event horizon style space station - night we be at the climax of some random adventure . Rick and morty be be chase by terrifying demonic version of Beth , summer , and Jerry . summer and Jerry tackle Rick , as morty get cornere by a he demonic mom . Rick shout from the ground . rick morty ! do it ! hit the button now !!! morty hesitates . morty I can not do it , Rick ! they be my parent and sister ! rick morty , I already tell you , it 's not you family ! they be clone from a alternate reality , possess by demonic alien spirit from another dimension 's future ! do you need a mnemonic device or something ? just hit the button , already ! the Beth demon turn normal for a moment beth morty , please , I love you , sweetheart . morty oh geez ... morty close he eye and hit a button on the wall of the space station . a hatch open up in the floor , and suck the demonic version of Beth and summer into it ( like the ghost buster trap ) , rip they flesh off first in a disgusting display . it 's horrifying . Rick get up , dust himself off , and pull a cartridge out of the floor . Rick shoot a portal against the wall , and walk into : int . garage - day - continuous morty follow Rick into the garage . Rick be hold some kind of smoking sci-fi device . rick good work , morty . this demonic alien spirit be really valuable . morty puke in the corner . ram 104 " the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 2 . rick ( cont 'd ) you okay , morty ? I tell you not to trust that tuna . morty I just kill my family ! I do not care what they be . Rick be casually tinkering with something . rick some people pay top dollar for that kind of breakthrough , morty . morty you know what , Rick ?! that 's it ! I be do with this insane adventure ! that be really traumatize ! I quit ! I be out ! morty head to the door . Rick stop he . rick whoa , whoa ! come on , morty , do not be like that . the universe be a crazy , chaotic place . morty no , Rick ! you be the one that 's crazy and chaotic ! I do not even understand what - what we even accomplish . adventure be suppose to be simple and fun . rick be that what you think ? well why do not you show I then . morty what be you talk about , Rick ? rick you lead the next adventure . it 'il be all yours . i’1l be you sidekick . morty really ? I get to call the shot ? rick yeah . but let 's make it interesting . ( more ) ram 104 " the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 3. rick ( cont 'd ) if you adventure suck , you lose the right to complain about all future adventure . plus , you have to do my laundry for a month . morty alright ! but if my adventure 's good , you have to let I be in charge of every third adventure ! rick every tenth . morty Fine . deal . well let 's go . now . rick you be on , lebron . Beth come in . beth dad , the dishwasher 's do that thing again . rick wash dish ? beth no . the opposite . can you fix it ? summer come in . summer grandpa Rick , can you help I with my science homework ? rick yeah , do not do it . summer grandpa -- Jerry come in . jerry hey , Rick . you get some kind of hand - shape device that can open this mayonnaise jar ? rick wow . hat trick . okay , morty , let 's put a pin in this , I gotta help you pathetic family . ram 104 " the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 4 . morty start flap he arm and dance around . morty bawk . bawk . bawk . rick oh , morty . now you do do it . it 's on . I can not wait to watch you adventure lay a fart . ( to the family ) as for you ding dong ... Rick rifle around in a box on he shelf . he pull out a small ornate metal BOX . rick ( cont 'd ) this be a meeseek box . let I show you how it work . you press this -- Rick press a big button on the top of the box . poof ! a adorable , anthropomorphic little blue creature appear ( like '' pit Pat '' from Mr. show . ) meeseek I be Mr. meeseek ! rick you make a request -- ( to meeseek ) Mr. meeseek , open Jerry 's stupid mayonnaise jar . meeseek yesiree ! the meeseek take Jerry 's jar and start try to open it . rick the meeseek fulfill the request - the meseek open the jar and hand it to Jerry . meeseek all do ! jerry wow ! rick then it stop exist . poof ! the meeseek disappear in a cloud of smoke . Rick hand the meeseek box to Jerry . ram 104 " the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 5 . summer oh my God , he explode ! rick trust I , they be fine with it . knock yourself out . just keep you request simple . they be not god . morty start shove the three of they out of the garage . morty alright ! get lose ! everybody out ! move it or lose it ! I have a bet to win over here ! int . live room - later the meeseek box sit on a coffee table . Jerry , Beth , and summer stare at it . beth so many possibility ... summer my mind be racing . jerry if we be go to use this thing , which I be not even sure we should , we need to keep it sim - summer slam the button . poof ! a meeseek appear . summer' meeseek I be mister meseek ! summer I want to be popular at school ! summer' meeseek alrighty ! jerry summer , what do I - Beth hit the button . poof. another meeseek appear . beth' meeseek I be mister meseek ! beth I want to be a more complete woman ! ram 104 '' the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 6 . jerry Beth ! beth' meeseek yes , mar ’‘am ! summer and Beth 's meeseek lead they away . jerry you guy be do it wrong ! Jerry think for a moment . he waggle he finger , do a little flourish , and push the button with style and confidence . poof. a meeseek appear . jerry's meeseek I be Mr. meeseek ! jerry Mr. meseek , I would like to take two stroke off my golf game . jerry's meeseek can do ! Jerry lean back on the couch and smile . jerry naile it . ext . medieval village - town square - day Rick and morty walk through a classic old timey rpg medieval village . morty hold a weathered cloth map , read it as they walk . rick geez , morty . what a boring start to a adventure . we could have just go to kentucky . morty Rick , this be a fantasy type world with creature and all kind of fantasy thing . we be go on a quest . we just need to find someone who need help with something . rick can not wait . morty umm ... ram 104 '' the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 7 . morty look around at various peasant milling about . he get up on a crate . morty ( cont 'd ) Excuse I ! be anyone in need of aid ?! we be two heroes in search of adventure ! the villager all turn and look at Rick and morty . rick oh my god , so embarrassing . a peasant rush over to they . peasant at last ! two heroes ! you must help we ! this village be terribly poor , yet the giant that life in the cloud above have untold treasure ! we would be able to eat for year if you could get even one of the golden egg laid by he goose . morty I accept you call to adventure , good sir ! morty jump down off the crate . morty ( cont 'd ) come on , Rick . there be giant in the cloud ! morty march proudly off . Rick follow he . rick beginner 's luck . int . harry herpson high school - gym - day summer 's meeseek be at a podium give a speech to the entire school . summer' meeseek in conclusion , a friendship with summer Smith be a key to the most valuable and enrich experience of you young life . I be mister meseek ! thank you ! the crowd give a stand ovation . summer 's classmate surround she as principal vagina approach she meeseek . ram 104 '' the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 8 . principal vagina Mr. meeseek be it ? gene vagina . listen , I be in a bit of custody thing with my ex and be wonder - poof ! the meeseek disappear . principal vagina ( cont ’d ) ( look around ) it 's okay , I ‘’1l get you info from summer ! ext . restaurant patio - day Beth and she meeseek be share a bottle of white wine on a european - style restaurant patio . beth I get pregnant at seventeen . I still put myself through veterinary school . yes , I be successful , but what if I have not -- I be just say , somewhere along the way , I lose that wide eye girl from muskegon . beth' meeseek she 's still in there . beth well she waistline be not . Beth laugh awkwardly at she own joke . the meeseek grab she hand . beth 's meseek Beth . have a family do not mean you stop be a individual . you know the best thing you can do for people that depend on you ? be honest with they . even if it mean set they free . a tear well up in Beth 's eye . beth I can not believe I be finally have this conversation . Beth lock eye with the meeseek . she close she eye and lean forward for a kiss , but the meeseek disappear before she lip reach it . Beth immediately look embarrassed . a waitress come over . ram 104 '' the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 9 . waitress more wine ? beth ( clear she throat ) I think I have have enough . ext . golf course - day Jerry hack away at a ball . his swing be clumsy and hopeless . his grip be limp . his meeseek watch , dress as a little caddy , the meeseek box sit next to he . jerry's meeseek remember to square you shoulder , Jerry . jerry yup . get it . Jerry swing and take out a big chunk of turf . the ball roll off the tee . jerry's meeseek that 's okay . I be mister meseek ! try again and keep you head down . jerry which be it ? Square my shoulder or keep my head down ? jerry's meeseek well , it 's both . but most importantly you need to relax . a pair of golfers pull up in a cart . other golfer hey , buddy , mind if we play through ? jerry just give I a second , I have almost get this . meeseek try again . head down . Square shoulder . Jerry try again and whiff it . ram 104 '' the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 10 . other golfer you gotta keep you eye on the ball ! Jerry throw he club down and get in the guy 's face . jerry oh , I be sorry , be you a meeseek ?! other golfer ( confuse ) I do not know what that be ... the meeseek be very uncomfortable with the tension . jerry's meeseek hey , Jerry , it - it 's cool . let 's all get back to enjoy this beautiful day on the link . Jerry back off . jerry you know what , Mr. meeseek ? I do not think this be work . I give up . jerry's meeseek I be sorry , Jerry , but it do not work like that . I be mister meseek . I have to fulfill my purpose so I can go away . jerry well make yourself comfortable , because I suck . jerry's meeseek no , Jerry , I - I be the one who suck . let I try something . Jerry 's meeseek hit the button . a second meseek pop out . jerry's second meeseek I be Mr. meeseek ! jerry's meeseek hi , Mr. meeseek ! I be Mr. meeseek ! jerry's second meeseek hi! ram 104 " the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 11 . jerry's meeseek hi ! can you help I get two stroke off Jerry 's golf swing ? jerry's second meeseek I surely can ! I be mister meeseek ! the other golfer drive by in he cart . other golfer oh , that 's a meeseek . jerry's second meeseek now what have you cover already , catch I up . be he keep he shoulder square ? jerry's meeseek he 's try ! int . giant 's castle - kitchen - day Rick and morty jump off a bean stalk , through a window , and onto a kitchen counter . rick alright , morty . we be in the giant 's castle . what next ? morty relax Rick . we just gotta find the treasure room . Nice and simple . I be sorry everything 's go so smoothly and adventurously . look like you be go to lose the bet . boom footstep be hear . rick uh oh , morty . it 's gettin’ hairy . what should we do , boss ? morty hurry . behind this cookie jar ! morty lead Rick behind a giant cookie jar . a angry giant enter the room . rick it 's only a matter of time before he sniff we out morty . Ground bone , baked bread ... just say the word and I ‘’1l take we back home . ram 104 " the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 12 . Rick pull out he portal gun . morty no way , Rick . this be all part of it . adventure have conflict . deal with it . a huge giant come into the kitchen . giant fee ! fi! fo! fum ! I smell the blood of - whoop ! in one quick beat , the giant slip , hit he head on the counter , and land on the floor , bleed out . the giant moan in pain and suffer . morty oh my God , Rick ! oh geez , oh boy ! rick yikes . he 's mess up pretty bad , morty . should we bail ? morty no , uh , wait ! just give I a sec ! the giant 's leg twitch . morty be freaking out . a giant woman enter the kitchen carry a giant crying baby . giant woman Jesus ! Dale ! morty oh no , Rick . what do we do ? rick I be just gonna put this out there : run ? the giant woman see Rick and morty . giant woman you son of bitch ! a giant glass slam down around they . the giant wife glare back at the they through the glass . she pull out a giant cell phone and dial 911 . giant woman ( cont ’d ) hello. 911 . my husband have be attack by little people ! he 's die ! ram 104 " the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 13 . morty wave he arm from behind the glass . morty no ! it be a accident ! we do not do it ! Rick roll he eye at morty . rick amateur . int . smith household - live room - day Beth and summer come in the door with shopping bag on they arm and freeze coffee drink in hand . Beth be sport a new hair style . summer like , let go of the need to be popular be what make people like you . beth the most important love you can receive be from yourself . they cross into the kitchen , not pay attention to Jerry , who be currently surround by six more meeseek work to improve he swing . new meeseek # 1 okay , Jerry , just choke up on the club . jerry well , which be it , choke up or follow - through ?! new meeseek # 2 aww , come on , Jerry , we have be over this , you know you need to do both . new meeseek # 3 this be as frustrating for we as be it be for you . jerry do not tell I that ! that just put pressure on I ! new meeseek # 1 try to relax . ram 104 " the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 14 . jerry you '' try to relax ! '' have you ever try to relax ?! it 's a paradox ! int . smith household - kitchen - moment later Jerry enter the kitchen , exhaust , but play it cool . he casually open the refrigerator and pull out a beer . jerry this meeseek , huh ? kind of a handful . I can not imagine what you two must be go through . beth we meeseek have be go for hour , Jerry . jerry you be kid I . beth ( be : she hair ) nope . notice anything different ? Jerry blow right by it . Beth be crush . jerry I be sorry . hour ? summer dad , mom be a beautiful woman ! look at she ! you will lose she ! jerry uhh ... a meeseek pop he head in . jerry's meeseek hey , Jerry , you mind if we get back to the task at hand ? meseek do not usually have to exist this long , it 's get weird for we . int . giant police station - day jail montage - Rick and morty stand in a police line up between four giant . ram 104 " the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 15 . on the other side of the glass , the giant wife point they out to the police . alt : criminal mouse be line up next to Rick and morty . - Rick and morty be fingerprinted . morty 's entire body be mashed down into the black ink sponge . - Rick and morty be have they mug shot take . behind they be hash tag designate they height as four inches . we pull back to see a giant cop lie on he stomach to take they photo . - Rick and morty be strip searched . a pair of confuse giant try to decide between a pair of tweezer and a toothpick to perform they cavity search . - Rick and morty be hose off with a squirt gun . - a giant police woman finish sewing a pair of orange jump suit for Rick and morty . int . giant interrogation room - day two giant cop aggressively interrogate Rick and morty . bad cop so you break into the victim home with the intent to steal one of he golden egg , and what , he just happen to slip and break he neck ? morty y - yeah . that 's what happen . good cop hey , Mike , go easy on they . they be so small . ( to morty ) look kid , I get it . this be a magical fantasy world fill with treasure and strange creature . I see that guy 's goose . giant cop do not make that much . if I be you , maybe I would have do the same . morty but that 's not how it go down ! a giant lawyer burst in . ram 104 '' the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 16 . giant lawyer fee ! fi! fo! fum ! I smell the blood of two innocent client ! no more question officer . ( to Rick and morty ) hello there , I be Hugh mungus , I 'il be represent you , and before you ask , yes , that be a humorous name in we world as well . end of act one ram 104 " the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 17 . act two int . giant court room - day Rick and morty sit in a giant-size courtroom . a giant judge go over note as other giant shuffle about , a giant prosecutor and giant defender prepare . rick come on morty . this trial could drag out for week and I do not think I need to tell you how it 's gonna end . look at that jury . morty look at the jury of scowling giant . Rick pull out the portal gun . rick ( cont 'd ) time to let go of you pride and call this thing . morty no way Rick ! we be innocent . I have faith in the giant legal system . rick Boy , you really want to win this bet , do not you ? the gavel bang on the bench . giant judge order in the court ! before we begin the trial of tiny people versus the giant state , I just want to say that you behavior disgust I and if it be my choice to make , I would sentence you to fee to fi year in prison right now -- giant lawyer you honor . ( hold up blue envelope ) motion to dismiss . the giant judge be very put off . giant judge I beg you pardon . bring that here . the defender hand a note to the bailiff who take it to the judge . he read it for a moment . ram 104 " the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 18 . giant judge ( cont 'd ) it appear this man be never read they giant rights . I have no choice but to dismiss this case . you be free fi to of home . everyone be puzzle . giant judge ( cont 'd ) okay , I stretch on that one . you be free to go . ext . giant courtroom - moment later Rick and morty exit the court , free man . morty see , Rick . I be right ! everything turn out fine . now let 's get back to it . rick get back to it ? what be you talk about ? morty get treasure for the village . come on . they approach the edge of the giant courthouse stair . morty ( cont 'd ) whoa . usually , walk down the courthouse step be the easy part of the adventure . the step appear to be endless . Rick pull out he portal gun again . rick morty , for God 's sake , cut you loss . morty oh yeah , you have love that would not you ? well , no way , buddy . I do not come this far to let stair get in my way . the bet be still on . now help I out , sidekick . morty start angle to get down the first step . ram 104 " the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 19 . rick alright , whatever you say , morty . int . smith household - day Jerry be still try to figure out he swing . many meeseek be now try to help he . jerry everybody shut up ! let I try ! ( swing ) damn it damn it ! Beth appear with she coat and purse . beth I be go out . note : the meeseek spend this conversation '' ping -pong '' they gaze back and forth between Beth and Jerry . jerry wait , what ? beth well , you be busy , I be hungry , I think I have go out . do you want I to be happy or do you want I to be in prison ? jerry whoa whoa , where in the hell -- I want you to be happy , Beth . i’11l take you to dinner . the meeseek collectively groan . jerry ( cont 'd ) ( to meeseek ) hey , you know what ? it 's hard be I too . ( to Beth ) I all be right there . Beth shrug and head out . jerry ( cont 'd ) look , I have get a marriage to keep together , because apparently , she head get fill with idea by a mister meeseek . maybe you have hear of he ? so . ( more ) ram 104 " the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 20 . jerry ( cont 'd ) at this point , my golf swing be more you problem than mine . figure it out amongst yourselves . Jerry leave and slam the front door . a suffering meeseek drop to he knee . suffering meeseek I can not take it anymore . I just want to die ! hopeless meeseek never have a problem prove so unsolvable by the meeseek ! the leader of one of the faction stand up , let 's call he follow through meeseek . this meeseek 's voice be more serious and intense . the whole thing take on a '' game of Throne " vibe . follow through meeseek it 's become clear , that if we concentrate all we effort on Jerry 's follow through , we will solve this problem . another alpha meeseek step forward on the opposite side . let 's call he choke up meeseek . choke up meeseek the only thing that be clear , be that choke up be the one true solution . I be mister meeseek ! Jerry 's original meeseek stand up . he now have stubble and bag under he eye . he look much older than the rest . jerry's meeseek I have be try to help Jerry for two day , a eternity in meeseek time , and nothing have work . I fear the worst . follow through meeseek you failure be you own , old man . I be mister meeseek ! I say follow through ! who 's with I ?! half the meeseek cheer . a golf ball hit follow through in the head . he collapse to the ground . the choke up meeseek jump on he . they wrestle around until follow through pin he down . he raise a golf ball over he head , about to bring it down on choke up 's head like a large rock . ram 104 " the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 21 . follow through meeseek ( cont ’d ) ( gritt tooth ) always ... follow ... through . before he can bring it down , choke up reach back and hit the button on the meeseek box . a new meeseek appear . new meeseek I be Mr. meeseek ! choke up meeseek kill he ! the New meeseek hiss and leap on follow through . the other meeseek go nut . both side scramble to summon more meeseeek to join they side . meeseek appear one after another and join the fight . it 's a all out meeseek brawl . we slowly push into the horrify face of Jerry 's meeseek as he watch the violence . jerry's meeseek stopppp !!!! the battle stop . the other meeseek turn to he . he climb on top of the couch . jerry's meeseek ( cont ’d ) my brother , nothing will be accomplish by shed meeseek 's blood . the task be to solve Jerry 's problem by take two stroke off he game . but there 's nothing that say we can not take all the stroke off he game . the meeseek murmur amongst each other . speech meeseek by kill he . the meeseek unite in the solution . ext . courthouse stair - day Rick and morty hang from the side of a large step , rock climb they way down . morty have he shirt off , it 's in he pocket . Rick be sweat . rick yeah , this be the part of the adventure everyone love . scale down the six hundred fifty thousand oversize step . ram 104 " the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 22 . morty if this be a story , this part would not be include , dummy . morty notice a sign locate on the side of the stair just below . it read '' the thirsty step . '' morty ( cont 'd ) Holy crap look ! it 's like some kind of tavern or something ! built right into the side of the stair ! int . the thirsty step - continuous it 's a rambunctious dive bar with all sort of various , crazy , alien look creature . a table full of stair goblins ( people in the shape of stair ) stop drink and look at Rick and morty as they walk in . rick smell like trouble . morty smell like adventure . rick well , then adventure smell like bleach and armpit . they sit at a empty table . Rick notice the stair goblin look angrily at he . rick ( cont 'd ) why you dogging I , fool ? morty easy , Rick . the bartender , rosie , walk over . rosie pay they no mind . that stair goblin can be moody . welcome to the thirsty step . the one sixteenth mark down the stair . rick ugh , one sixteenth ? ram 104 " the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 23 . rosie what can I get ’cha ? we have get skarlog poppy , flurlow , halzinger , bloogies , juicy Times baby ... rick yeah , yeah , how about some scotch whiskey ? do you have any of that around here ? or just the nonsense word ? morty do not be rude , Rick . ( to rosie ) we will have two bloogies . rosie you get it , sweetie . rick hey , rosie , be there anyway to get a ride down this stair ? a crazy worm - like character , slippery stair , in the booth next to they turn around . slippery stair you all need a ride down the stair ? my name be slippery stair . i’1ll take you down there for twenty five shmeckel . rick twenty five shmeckel ? be that a lot ? a little ? be it something gross that 's gonna hurt we ? rose that 's exactly how much I spend on my big fake booby . a man in a business suit slide into frame . mr . booby buyer I be Mr. booby buyer ! i’1l buy that booby for twenty - five schmeckle . rose it 's a tempting offer , but I be gonna have to decline . mr . booby buyer rat ! what a shame ! ram 104 " the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 24 . Mr. booby buyer scurries up the wall onto the ceiling . morty ( chuckle ) alright , Rick , I 'il be right back . I gotta go to the bathroom . morty get up and head to the bathroom . he turn back around as he walk away . morty ( cont 'd ) you gotta give I credit for one thing , Rick , my adventure be full of some pretty delightful character ... int . the thirsty step - bathroom - continuous morty walk into the bathroom . he stand in front of the mirror and take a breath . he 's feel good . he look proudly at himself in the mirror . one of the stall door behind morty creek open . a Mr. jelly bean come out . he be a friendly , robust character . mr . jelly bean well , hello there ! morty hey , how 's it go ? mr . jelly bean you seem like a happy fellah ! morty yeah , you know what ? I be . mr . jelly bean well that 's just great ! I like you energy . Mr. jelly bean move closer to morty . morty oh , yeah , thanks ! I , uh , like yours too . mr . jelly bean I wonder what would happen if we be to , I do not know , mix we energy together ? ram 104 " the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 25 . jelly bean put he hand on morty 's shoulder , and start sensually massage . morty tense up . mr . jelly bean ( cont ’d ) oh , you feel really nice . morty oh , um , no thanks ! morty try to pull away , but Mr. jelly bean be very strong . he lose he jolly demeanor , and firm he grip . he lean close , whisper in morty 's ear . mr . jelly bean stop fight I . just let this happen . the more you fight , the more it will hurt . morty struggle . morty get off I ! no ! help ! int . the thirsty step - continuous Rick be sing karaoke , he 's belting out a upbeat country style song . it 's loud . the crowd love it . rick ( sing ) like a rhinestone cowboy ! int . the thirsty step - bathroom - continuous the struggle have escalate . the jelly bean have force morty into a stall . morty no! no! stop ! please ! mr . jelly bean stop be such a fuck tease , you sweet little twat . morty lose it . he hit jelly bean in the face knock he back but jelly bean come right back , tackle morty . '' rhinestone cowboy '' continue play as morty somehow get the upper hand , scream viciously as he slam jelly bean 's head onto the toilet . he slam the seat down repeatedly until jelly bean lose consciousness . morty stop and look at he hand . they have cover in jelly bean inside . morty be out of breath . ram 104 " the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 26 . int . fancy restaurant - night Jerry and Beth eat a nice dinner . beth maybe it 's time I take that trip I always talk about . jerry where would you go ? beth ( shrug ) Italy . Greece . Argentina . Jerry hold the wine list to he forehead like johnny carson 's carnak character jerry ( bad impression ) country know for they sexually aggressive man . Beth do not laugh . Jerry put the list down . jerry ( cont 'd ) do I tell you how much I love you new hair cut ? a rumbling sound be hear , like a cattle stampede . the silverware on the table rattles . jerry ( cont 'd ) what the heck ? a army of meeseek smash through the plate glass window and pour into the restaurant . random meeseek there he be ! the wave of meeseek surround Beth and Jerry . they look angry . jerry guy . come on . I be try to have a nice dinner with my wife . beth Jerry . I do not think they be here for a golf lesson . ram 104 " the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 27 . jerry well it better be damn important then . a knife fly through the air , pin Jerry 's tie to the table . beth run , Jerry ! Beth grab Jerry by the hand and they retreat into the kitchen . int . fancy restaurant - kitchen - freezer - moment later Jerry and Beth run past confuse cook with the meeseek in pursuit . they go into the walk in freezer and slam the door . jerry's meeseek ( 0.s. ) come on out , Jerry ! jerry guy , I - I be sorry for be so difficult . i'11 choke up . i’1l follow through . i’1l do whatever you tell I to , okay ? int . fancy restaurant kitchen - same time the meeseek be all gather outside the freezer . jerry's meeseek oh , we be well past that , Jerry ... Jerry 's meeseek reveal a gun . int . thirsty stair - day Rick be sit play poker with several creature , one of whom be slipper stair . morty wearily approach . rick morty ! hey ! I be sorry I be give you so much crap . this adventure 's pretty awesome after all . morty let 's just go . i- I be call it . the adventure be over . ram 104 " the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 28 . slippery stair come on , Rick , quit stalling , whattaya get ? Rick turn he card over . everybody groan . he win . rick sorry , fella ! Rick pull he pile of winning in . rick ( cont 'd ) we can not leave now , morty . I be on fire ! morty ( tear up ) look , I want to leave now . you win the bet alright ? just give I the portal gun and let 's go , please . morty reach for Rick 's portal gun , Rick pull back , concerned . rick ( comforting ) hey , hey , buddy , what 's wrong ? what just happen ? you be so gung ho about the bet earlier ... morty ( sniffle ) I do not want to talk about it . Rick eye the bathroom door . he see Mr. jelly bean limping out , wiping jelly blood off he lip . morty ( cont 'd ) please , Rick , I just want to go home . rick ( knowingly , eye still on jelly bean ) okay . listen , morty . ( turn to morty ) I just win a bunch of shmeckle . why do not we use 25 of they to pay slippery stair here for a ride back to the village , and then give the rest of they to the villager ? huh ? morty wipe the tear from he eye . ram 104 " the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 29 . morty really ? rick sure , morty . a good adventure need a good end . ext . the thirsty step - moment later Rick and morty climb into the slippery stair saddle . slippery stair buckle up ! slippery stair start go down the stair . morty seem a little less sad . int . fancy restaurant kitchen - later Jerry 's meeseek pace back and forth in front of the freezer . other meeseek hold terrified hostage . jerry's meeseek meeseek be not bear into this world fumble for meaning , Jerry . we be create . to serve a singular purpose of which we will go to any length to fulfill . int . fancy restaurant - freezer - continuous we hear the meseek continue as we track Beth listen . jerry's meeseek ( 0.s. ) existence be pain to a meeseek , Jerry . and we will do anything to alleviate that pain . Beth have a small epiphany . int . fancy restaurant kitchen - soon the meeseek grab a random woman and point he gun at she . jerry's meeseek thankfully , we be beyond such ethical construct as religion or justice and therefore would have no compunction whatsover , about murdering - ( more ) ram 104 " the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 30 . jerry's meeseek ( cont 'd ) ( to random woman ) what 's you name , mar ’am ? random woman s-samantha . jerry's meeseek - samantha here , if that would serve to fulfill we purpose . I be mister meeseek ! random woman please , mister ! give he what he want ! I have a nine- year- old daughter that very much love she mommy . int . fancy restaurant kitchen - freezer - continuous Jerry and Beth huddle in the freezer . they be shiver . jerry innocent people be go to die because of I . why be I so mediocre ?! Beth have have it . she grab one of the shelf support and put it in Jerry 's hand like a golf club . beth Jerry , turn around . he do . she grab he from behind aggressively . beth ( cont 'd ) straighten you back . Bend you knee . bend they . Square you shoulder . take a deep breath . ( whisper in he ear ) I be not go to leave you . I be this family 's mother . and I love you . int . fancy restaurant kitchen - continuous Jerry 's meeseek cock the hammer on he gun . jerry's meeseek I be count to three , Jerry . then we will start with the wait staff . three. two ... ram 104 " the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 31 . the freezer door kick open . Jerry burst out with the metal shelf support in one hand and a cherry tomato in the other . he hold they up . Jerry 's meeseek squint at Jerry . Jerry slowly put the tomato down . he line up behind it . he keep he eye on the ball , he shoulder square , he bend he knee , he choke up and he follow through . he '' chip '' the tomato into a nearby saucepan on a stove . the meeseek gasp . even Jerry be take with surprise . random woman what the fuck be go on ?! the shocked meeseek cheer . jerry's meeseek he 's get it ! there 's no doubt in my mind . that 's a lower handicap stroke ! other meeseek I could tell from a mile away if a yard ! as the meeseek celebrate , they begin to poof out of existence . stickler meeseek Excuse I . I be a bit of a stickler meeseek . what about you short game ? stickler meeseek grab the random woman and hold a knife to she throat . random woman ( sobbing ) oh my God , oh my God , what about you short game ! Jerry take a egg off the counter . he put it on the floor , line up , and give it a putt . it roll egg - like across the floor and into a concave water drain . stickler meeseek Nice ! he poof away . ram 104 " the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 32 . int . fancy restaurant - kitchen - continuous the other meeseek celebrate as they poof away one by one . Jerry 's meeseek look around . he turn back to Jerry who mouth a dramatic '' thank you . '' his meeseek nod back , then poof away . Jerry drop the metal shelf support and embrace Beth . they kiss passionately . Jerry turn to the restaurant owner . jerry ( sexy ) I think we will take we food to go . restaurant owner no you will not . the police be come . you have so many question to answer . jerry ( still sexy ) Fair enough . ext . village - day Rick and morty arrive back at the village on slippery stair . morty approach the peasant with a sack . morty here you go , sir . for you village . peasant oh my ! thank you , kind sir . we village be save ! you be both true heroes ! the other villager cheer . a couple of cute peasant girl run over and kiss morty on each cheek . rick good job , morty . you win the bet . morty thanks , Rick , but I do not know if I should . you be right about the universe . it 's chaotic and complex by nature . rick well , maybe that 's why it could use a little clean up now and then . this one 's wrap up neat and clean , because we do it morty style . ram 104 " the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 33 . trumpets sound . peasant oh ! heroes , we would like to introduce you to we beloved king , so that he may thank you personally . morty turn to see Mr. jellybean , still bruise and beat , but now wear a crown and fur cape arrive with he royal entourage . morty uh , no , it 's cool . ( to Rick ) portal . hurry . Rick zap a portal open . Rick and morty scurry through it . beat . Rick 's arm stick back through the portal , hold a laser gun . he shoot Mr. jellybean who explode . the villager immediately stop they celebrate and fall to they knee in agony . int . smith household live room - night Rick and morty enter the destroy live room to find Beth and Jerry , rattle , clothes tear . rick what the hell happen to this place ? beth you meeseek box happen . they go crazy when they could not take two stroke off Jerry 's golf game . he feel terrible . rick hey , it 's not my fault that Jerry be a idiot . beth dad ! be there anything you can do to clean this place up ? rick well , I do have a fleeseek box ... jerry no . no more box . ram 104 " the meeseek BOX " network draft ( 2/15/13 ) 34 . rick what ? it just have a mop and some floor wax in it . whoob whoob whoob ! ( explain over laughter ) that 's my new thing ! I be kind of like what 's he name , arsenio ! whoob whoob whoob ! ( to camera ) see you next week . end of episode